I am giving a high rating on this one because no matter how many times we say we will never return we always do.  The line is ridiculous and the bouncers are on the "I'm important bc I'm a bouncer" kick.  Once inside drunk 20-somethings are shoulder to shoulder and I always skip the front bar and go straight to the back.  Getting drinks isnt difficult but your lucky is you can move 5 feet without it being knocked all over the place.  We know we will always run into someone from college here and that is part of the charm.  Once you have consumed enough $10 drinks, the music is alot of fun and the upstairs is a nice place to catch your breath.  My feelings are very mixed about this cheesy bar.  Something about it keeps us coming back and around 1:30am when we are screaming our heads off to Journey...all the cheese seems to fade away.At some point on Saturday evening I was reminiscing with a friend about my weekends as a college freshman spent at smelly, dirty, and overcrowded frat parties.
Fast forward a few hours and several drinks later, we stumble into Mad River. It's a frat party for those of us who no longer go to real frat parties! 
$5 dollars at the door, sticky floor covered in mystery substances, ridiculous lines for drinks, vomit smell throughout, crowded dance floor, scantily clad girls, and obnoxious guys.
This won't be my regular weekend spot, but when all I want to do is dance you may find me here.Mad river you are such a guilty pleasure of mine.. You get 3 stars for giving ms a free open bar everytime I fill out those papers and even on other random occasions . Not to mention the amusement I get watching idiots ramble to every girl they see trying to take them home. I love and hate you at the same time.. Though it is annoying when I'm dancing and peoplecare taking up ample dance room holding their drinks and not moving one bit. Get out the way!! I'll be back But only on a free alcohol night when that mad river mood hits!We came here on a Sunday to watch some NFL games and they had some great specials:  25 cent wings and $3 Bud lites.  The wings were great, crispy and plenty of sauce and of course the bud lite was cool and refreshing.  The bar tender worked very fast and definitely knew his food/drink menu.  He was very friendly/sociable and we had a great time eating wings, drinking beer, and watching football in a great atmosphere without spending all that much money.Well I haven't been to Mad River since early last winter before I shifted to Rittenhouse, but all throughout 2007, especially the summer/fall, I was in Olde City, and consequentially, Mad River every time.  It's big 2-story bar, which is, as many of these reviews allude to-- a frat party in every sense of the term.  You'll see why and how as you read on.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
Depending on when you go, the line could be anywhere from a few minutes to almost down the block (not worth the wait), obviously the later, the longer.  The line is also sloppy, prone to people budging in line, bouncers not paying attention, and oh yeah, usually packed with obnoxious drunk girls smoking cigs and trying to look hotter than they really are.  Girls, please try to act like a 21+ year old in line (not a 13 y/o), be like the guys and wait until you get IN to act like animals.  You get in, and you will instantly be transported back to the days of greek debauchery, the smell of sweat as it overpowers perfume, the sticky sensation underfoot (do they actually have pledges at Mad River that they make scrub the floor after every night?  the stickiness never goes away haha!), and the soulful sounds of Journey or Sweet Caroline (more later).  
THE LAYOUT:
I would say this layout is one of the best suited for large groups in all of Philadelphia, but that means large groups of young recent college grads, not your boss and his C-level buddies (unless they are also recent college grads).  The first floor has seating along the left wall, as well as bathrooms downstairs (just don't fall and break your neck on the stairs).  There are two bars and a giant open area in the middle for people to dance (and yes, they dance, there is less standing around than one might expect).  Upstairs, it's more narrow, more seating (although the few open couches are sometimes kind of soggy from drunken morons dropping drinks everywhere, as if the floors weren't enough of an indication), and another bar.  I am pretty sure the music is the same on both floors.
THE EXPERIENCE (Drinks/Music):
The drinks HAVE to be strong or else it wouldnt be such a shitshow in there every night...I myself can't remember how strong they were, but I do kind of recall that they were priced a little higher than what would be considered reasonable for a place like that.  Then again, I've been at ritzy Rittenhouse clubs all winter/spring, so they might be mighty cheap by comparison.  The soundtrack never changes...ever...always the same, frat party music-- Journey, Neil Diamond, Def Leppard, Belle Biv DeVoe, you get the picture.  Every once in a while you'll hear some mainstream rap remix or something, but I guess the mostly white college crowd doesn't go for much outside of what they can loudly sing along to.  Also, as many of these reviews have stated, Free Happy Hours are given out very very liberally, in fact it's almost impossible not to get one, so that's a plus.
THE CROWD:
If ever I had more mixed emotions about a bar crowd, it would certainly be about Mad River's.  I have had incredible times with some incredibly friendly new people who were happy to meet with my friends I was with.  I have had times when I've tried to be friendly and maybe ask to dance only to be met with some of the most stuck-up and rude responses I've ever heard (go back to Jersey, you're not fooling anyone, sister).  Not only that, but there are about as many pleasant looking, smelling, and acting people as there are creepsters, douchebags, and ppl who just don't belong.  This polarization even applies to the staff-- mostly friendly bar tenders, but some have had a bad night and nothing will make them be nice to you (in fact trying to be nice often results in their annoyance), and meat head bouncers.  Don't go there alone unless you are something really special, you wont be successful in meeting anyone without a wingman/girlfriend.
THE VERDICT:
Mad River is a frat party shit show, it's filthy, and the music is cliche, but damn it, Mad River can be a lot of fun, a real adventure and a great place to enjoy a night re-experiencing those college nights when no one knew what the word "responsibility" meant (you might need to look it up in Webster's the next morning to remind yourself).  All that's missing is beer pong and keg stands.Clearly a step up from the Mad River in Manayunk.... because at least they card here.  Still, maybe I'm getting old, but it seems like a super young crowd, especially for A BAR.  If you win a happy hour, bring friends and enjoy yourself.  If not, why the hell are you here?It all depends on what you'r looking for. If you're in your early 20's and are looking for the "college" vibe (i.e., getting drunk off Coor's Light), want to keep one eye on the game and one eye one girls who want to party as much as you do...then g oto Mad River. Its a pretty big place, there is an up stairs bar as well. Its hard not to have fun there. But if you are looking for a romantic, chill, or "sophisticated" vibe stay away at all costs. I mean really, the long line of co-eds and yellow school buses dropping more off should be a tip off. Mad River is an example of what Philly does best. Its a place to have an unpretentious good time.Came for an early St. Patty's weekend and it was nice. Took a while for my food to come, over half an  hour, but was assured that it was cause they received a large amount of orders at once. Fries were good, wings were not. Drinks were decently priced, don't go overboard with the shots tho, you'll be bleeding out of your wallet before you know it.This is the worst food I have ever had at a bar and I eat out several times per weekThe food is the worst I have ever had in PhiladelphiaThe best deals here are when you or one of your friends wins a happy hour here...for $5, you get open bar from 7-9pm and sometimes free food.  This place can be alot of fun earlier in the night when the right mix of people are here, but after midnight, this place becomes a complete mess, no where to move, impossible to get a drink, and what's up with all of the shootings next door recently?Came here to end the night. First time here. Crowd seemed a little "rough". Saw a little bit of grinding/dirty dancing which frankly makes me feel out of place. The sound system (which means a lot to me) was terrible and scratchy. The DJ himself seemed okay, played typical dancy bar music (top 40/rap). There were no lights on the dance floor besides the ambient lighting of the ~6 TVs surrounding the dance floor. There were however several flashy lights on the DJs themselves.
Drinks were okay priced (paid $4 for a bud light bottle), bartenders were slow as shit (around 8 people behind the bar and took about 10 minutes to get a drink).
I mean, it's not the worst place I've ever been to and you could still dance and have fun.This place was disgusting.  I could barely walk around not because of the overcrowded bar but because the floors were incredibly sticky.  They must not clean the floors here because the stickiness possibly couldn't have been from that day.
Anyways the beer is overpriced and the music is barely decent.  It hosts an interesting clientele and I couldn't tell if most of these kids were underage or not.  There are so many better places to go in downtown Philadelphia, I don't know why people would even frequent Mad River.Went there for game 6 of the world series.  The positive was that we found a place to sit and could hear and see the game easily.  The negative was that the $3 bud light drafts were flat.Definitely a frat party - filled with all the frat boys I was NOT interested in when I was in college.  To each his own, I guess.  I'm just not into super crowed meat markets with drinks in plastic cups and a ho-hum selection of music.Mad River is a big old bar in Olde City (on Chestnut between 2nd and Front Streets) that is pretty much a huge college bar.  The main age group is probably 21-27, heavily skewed toward the 21-year-old end of that spectrum.  I think it's a chain because I know that they have one in Baltimore.
Basically, I only go here when one of my friends wins a happy hour, which is pretty often because it seems like most people who enter wind up winning.  So what's the deal, you ask?  Well, if you enter to win while you're at Mad River (they have cards you fill out and give back to the waitresses) and you win, you get in for free and drink for free from 7-9 p.m. on a Friday night, and your friends pay a $5 cover and $1 for beer and well drinks.  Not a bad deal.  In fact, my boyfriend and I both won happy hours for tonight, so we each invited a bunch of people and will be heading down to drink in a few hours.  I always enjoy the happy hour, even if I am drinking cheap beer and even cheaper liquor.  You can't beat the prices.  But then I usually head over to Eulogy after happy hour ends to get some beer that won't give me heartburn in the morning.
I've also gotten food here.  The burgers are, well, burgers.  Nothing spectacular.  They also have a variety of fries, from sweet potato fries to tater tots to waffle fries.  I suggest the waffle fries if you get food.
I did stay past happy hour one Friday night, and I had a good time dancing, even though it was very, very hot, sweaty people were squished up against me on all sides, and it was hard to fight through the crowd to get to and from the bathroom, which quickly got dirty, flooded, and ran out of toilet paper.  But, like I said, this is basically a huge college kid kind of bar, so enjoy it for what it is.
UPDATE:  I had WAY too much to drink and then danced my legs off at my happy hour on Friday, but that's because my drinks were FREE for 2 hours.  Good stuff.  So I highly suggest that you enter to win a happy hour if you go here.  You'll have a blast.Reading the rest of these reviews, you've gotta kinda understand what you're getting yourself into: striped shirts, short skirts, light beer, jager bombs. It's basically what gives Old City a bad rap.
But anyways, the music is miserable, unless you're into hearing the same song 50 times in a row. The people look like the left Old City Ironworks to come directly here, sucking a Muscle Milk on the way over. And the place is always overrun with way too many people.
In short, do you like being sweaty, hopped up on red bull, and waiting in line for no apparent reason? Come here, you won't be disappointed.$2 beers if you're in a happy hour group, okay music, and never fails to produce some sort of memory.
Not the Plough, but what is?Say what you will about this place, it's a great place to party on Friday and Saturday nights. These guys have some of the best bartenders in the city (Jon+Damien) who will deliver your drink super fast even with the place being as packed as it normally is on weekends. I have had many fun nights here and plan on having many more.Mad River Grille- 126 Chestnut St. Old City, Philadelphia   www.madriverphilly.com 
A nice change of pace in the often times stuffy environment of Old City.  Here a crowd of young professionals and young "not-so-professionals" meet to create an ambiance unique to this section of the city.  With a lodge-like setting, created by wood floors, leather couches and long dark wooden bars, Mad River has a relaxing, laid back atmosphere which suits its clientele well.  The prices are about average for Old City ($4 Coors Light bottle, $5 Gin and Tonic), but what makes the trip to Mad River exceptional are the Happy Hour and Daily Specials (ex: Wednesday Night- 50 cent Bud Light Bottles).  With excellent choices of 80's and 90's rock music, great specials and a laid back atmosphere, Mad River is a must for 20 something's looking to mingle with their own kind. 
Cover- Weekend Nights -$5Invited by a friend for some drinks. I havent been in Old City in a while and boy, it has changed. The crowd was cool, the chippies were average and the dancing displayed was in a word, interesting. I go to places and wanna feel good and the people who work there are what does it for me. The shot girls were friendly and the bartender, Monica was awesome. She knew my drink the whole night, replacing without an ask (which is awesome in my book). Hot and super friendly to boot. Don't lose her Mad River!I wont even review this place based on Fri and Sat nights after like 10pm. The line is ridiculously long, specials aren't that good, and theres cover. Enough said about that.
My four stars are for the wed and thurs night specials and the fact that this is THE PENN STATE bar for psu football games. Wed from 9-11 they have 50 cent bud light bottles. You can't beat that. Thursdays is dollar coors light bottles. You still can't beat that. No cover. Boom.   Plus it's never crowded for some reason which means you can have meaningful conversations about life over some light beers. Met the owner a couple times, real nice guy. Place is rowdy for psu games. 4 stars for being PSU affiliated and having great specials. Oh not to mention the female bartenders are pretty hot and the guys are real chill.i Have been to mad river many times before its Huge  with like 2 rooms and is always packed. With great music,strong drinks i always end up sweating it out  through whatever funny t shirt or blazer i am wearing at the time..always a good time in manayunk.........WAIT....the other mad River ....in olde city?? oh....yea t.....hat a very different story..
II ll admit a few things here, 1) Its not favorite my place in olde city,2)i was fooled into going there thinking that the mad river in manayunk is pretty damn good so i cant wrong ,right?...The only good thing about this bar are the bartenders. They really keep the drinks flowing to an often unruly crowd of college people,flowing and strong. Otherwise this bar is OK at best. If you are looking to hang out with your friends in a large group (like i am) then this is the place for you. But if you are looking for anything else ,be it good music (not really),Girls(Sausage party) or just nice setting (pretty dark and dank) its not for you. It pretty good to get black out drunk really quick and move on. Its a bar crawl bar...you certain wouldnt post up there for the night at any point. Unless of course it was at the end of the night lolNot really my type of place. Went here for a friends birthday.
Drinks and cover charge are on the pricier side but that is to be expected in Old City. Bartenders were quick and friendly after asking me about 4 times if I was sure I wanted a whiskey and diet coke. 
The night I was here the crowd was slightly older than what I expected(28-35). 
I wouldn't go back on my own. But I someone who is more into clubs/old city vibe might find it awesome.i guess it is bearable for happy hour...although the beer selections sucks ....and hearing the 90's greatest hits is not a bad thing depending on your mood...otherwise i avoid this place like it had an outbreak of SARS .. I compare being in mad river like being in a rugby scrum but instead of rugby players stepping on your feet and elbowing you in the kidneys you have south jersey bacholette parties    and college students... enjoylet me begin this by stating: i can have fun where ever i go.
last week i experienced TWICE the tragedy that is mad river (along with most bar-wanna-be-club places in olde city). prior to last week i had not ventured here in several years. and even back then, i'm pretty certain i was taken by bro-y dudes that i no longer keep in contact with.
if you want to meet some characters, and you talk to everyone like i do, you'll have a good time. otherwise, during the week, this spot scares up some strange people. and some of them work here. and maaaybe 3 of them are doable. just sayin.The only time I would recommend anyone go here is if you get a free happy hour... You get to drink for free and your friends still have to pay. However, if your friends also get free happy hours then it's all good.
The only downside is the not-so-good music selection that plays for 2 straight hours. Trying to get a drink is nearly impossible, they have maybe 3 bartenders and waiting for your turn can be a bit frustrating. 
When the bartender knows your drink, they're pretty good for the money you're paying. However, I have not gotten my drink because she just didn't know what it was.. instead of asking me what it was. 
During the cold weather they have coat check... an hour after happy hour starts and at that point who wants to pay $5 when you've been holding it all night... or make sure you grab a chair and there's a free coat check!I think that for the same reasons Yelpers have hated this place are the same reasons why I have a good time here. My friends and I have suddenly found that we have become Friday night regulars here. While I'm not exactly proud to admit that, I can't deny that it's one of the only places in Old City that I have a good time at on Friday nights. Yes, it is extremely crowded, hot and you will probably get pushed a couple of times. However, that just means that it's poppin! Chances are, every other place is dead with no one, has 5-10 creepy, desperate old men, or is playing the YMCA as their get-up-and-dance song. If you are 20-25 years old and enjoy dancing to Top-40s and hip hop, come to Mad River. Not too worried about the crowd at the bar to get a drink, there are three bars, you won't have too much trouble or.... come tipsy (or drunk, BUT NOT sloppy. that's just foul and annoying). There are two floors, the upstairs is more chill and the downstairs is where college kids dance. If you're into the older crowd, or if you yourself are older, you probably won't have too much fun among college kids. As for me, it's probably the only place I fit in and have a good time. Either here or Lucy's (but Lucy's smells like a bathroom and is 10000x more crowded because it's much smaller). Also, if you want to see stereotypical bad dancing from weird, drunk white girls, this is the place for a laugh. 
Mad River is a good time from like.. 10-12. Then it just gets extremely sloppy. and around 1am, they play their "we are kicking you out" music that includes Piano Man, slow dance jams, and songs from our parents generation. That's when it's time to leave.Mad River would be my idea of hell if hell had a bar in it (which it probably does and Satan only serves Bud Light and shots of Jager).  
Components to a hellish bar:
1) Scantily clad Old city hos and playas grinding on the dance floor
2) Pop music from the 80s and 90s
3) Overpriced and very crappy beer
4) Obnoxious dudes who think buying a drink for a girl equals getting some
5) An address in Old City
The only reason I even went is because one of my girls knew the bartender and we were drinking free Jameson.  I don't think I'd go back even for more free whiskey.  Well maybe.I personally don't like this place.  It really isn't my scene.  Here is the scene:
Frat house, college, mostly white people, tshirts, jeans, sandals (on brave souls that don't mind their feet getting tramped on), 80s music, rap songs that everyone knows and can sing to (Juicy, Next Episode, etc).  Beer is pretty cheap, they use plastic cups.  Cig machine at the bottom where the bathroom is.  
Frankly, I hate coming here.  The bouncers at the door have power issues and will let some of your group in and keep you out.  
One time I was here for one of my best friend's birthdays, so we were there at 9.  Not many people in there, but it was still pretty loud due to the music.  I was told to quiet down.  I wasn't yelling obnoxiously or anything, I promise I wasn't drunk yet.  I know I'm a loud person, but being told to quiet down in a loud bar is odd.  I just don't feel accepted here (I'm Asian, and pretty big), so I would prefer not to come here.
But if you like this type of thing, you'll have a blast.  Some of my friends that like this type of scene love it here.  Just don't expect diversity.OMG Did I really go here? For the record, having lived in Philly for almost 8 years, I had no idea this place existed. And soon, I will pleasantly forget this place.  
Was in Old City for a friends birthday and someone had recommended Mad River. Called ahead and was able enter with "No Line/Cover" for my group which was the only saving grace for this place.  Inside we were med with overly loud music, bad drinks, a smell i am not even going to attempt to describe and like 5 Bachelorette Parties (and the inflatable penises that come with them).  Oh, and I have never seen so many meatheads drinking cranberry & vodka's in my life!  
I'm sure that this is someone scene but it is DEFIANTLY not mine.I soooo don't fit in this place. Its filled with ugly frat guys and fat white people who looove dancing to outdated radio-friendly rap songs. blah. this place should NOT have a cover charge! don't waste your time. I'm giving this 2 stars instead of 1 because management has allowed my student organization to guest bartend.I've only been to Mad River once. I was visiting my friend in Philly and wanted to see the party scene here. My girls and I had such a blast at Mad River - great music, lots of dancing and we met some interesting people. So yeah, come here if you'd like to make some new friends!This place was pretty packed and a $10 cover is steep for a place that doesn't offer many specials on drinks. The night began with an overly crowded bar. By midnight the place evened out. There was eventually enough space to move around and even dance. Bathrooms were hidden upstairs and downstairs. If there was one on ground level, it would have been impossible to get to. The crowd is barely 21 so if screaming girls is your thing, you're home!The only time this place makes sense is when you're already highly intoxicated and looking to dancing to pop and rap, get even drunker, hook up, or all of the above.
I've been to Mad River a total of 3 times since living in Philly, and I've had a blast every time. All I really remember is standard mixed drinks in plastic cups, Bud Light, and leaving all sweaty from dancing too much. Kinda like a frat party you should have left hours ago.So after my company (Confrontational Clothing) holiday event we kept the Friday night party going by walking down the street to Mad River.  All I can say is that it was very college.  Beofre I talk about the people I saw I will start with the establishment.  The manager was very nice and took care of us by getting us a corner table and a bottle of Kettle.  Great music to dance to while keeping the Friday dress code to casual...which is a good thing since I was wearing jeans, sneaks, and a hat.  
With that being said there were definitely some characters in this place...
Saw an older Guy Who Threw His Hands In The Air When The DJ Put On some Lady Gaga, Put your hands down fool!! You seem like the type of cat who learned about American pop culture customs by watching TV. That's fine, but you should get a friend who was raised here to help you fine tune things my man. Next time a song by an all girl pop group comes on--just throw your hands up for pretend...even better just in your mind. I'm pretty sure I watched you miss out on some action because of that move. Just tryin to help you out for next time bro...
Saw a guy with Bedazzled Jeans And The Doo Rag On...I think I said enough on this guy !!!
and to the random girl who tried to sit at my table while she cleaned off her bloody nose...  You should have been bobbing and weaving my friend.
This is a fun place for people who are 21-25 but like I said I had fun and the staff were pretty cool.I really dont know which way to go on this one. On one hand, the bar wasnt crowded the night we went, and the bartender paid special attention to my friend on her bday (he even let her pick the song list!) but at the same time, he was a huge ass to everyone else in our group. This was especially after 2 tall, blonde girls with huge boobs and leopard print dresses walked in...then all his focus was on them. The one jumped behind the bar and tried to get me to buy a shot. "No, honey, I just want my bill" I said. I felt like we were ignored for the rest of the night.I should preface this review by saying that, although I haven't reviewed this bar before, this place earned itself 1 star more than what I would have given it before I went on this past Saturday. 
I was invited to MR by some friends, Penn State Alums, to watch the Football game and enjoy some frosty beverages. This place definitely caters to those who, um, "are Penn State!" or are pretending to be -- as I was. And when I say "caters to" I mean this was some of the best service I've gotten at a crowded Old City bar on a Saturday night EVER. Bartenders were friendly and lively and seemed to be enjoying themselves as much as the rest of the bar. There was excellent table service for those seated and the servers didn't seem to mind the mess made by those playing flip cup between plays. Since I was paying separately from the group I decided to forego the table service and I was able to walk up to the bar with relative ease and actually order a drink within moments of getting there.   
I've been here before on a number of occasions. Most of my previous experiences have been significantly less than stellar. A work holiday party was one of the worst I'd been to and many of the other times I've been here it is akin to a fraternity party. Beer soaked floors, jam-packed and full of what appeared to be newly 21 y/o drinkers... great when you are 21, terrible when you're 31.   
Definitely hit this place on game night... not sure about the rest.After doing my housing search, I went here with my buddies for a night in Old City.
Place was full of people and had lots of college age folks out there dancing.  My only problem was that in a setting like this, its difficult to try to talk to people or do any sort of intros.  My ears were ringing after I left the bar (gosh, do I really sound like a 65year old- yikes!).  However, the bar tenders seemed fun and drinks weren't too killer for pricesJIM H, I am soooo sorry but I have to disagree!  I think this place makes for amazing comical relief.
Great top 100 music to get your drink on, squished against people (and by people I mean 12 year olds...or 21 year olds who look 12 or maybe I am just old now and they are actually 21 year olds...anyway) and dance to!
Sweet Tea Vodka - Firefly to be exact, Double win!  Our group actually drank the place out of the Firefly the last time we were there, it was a good night.  I would like to note that they also played Party in the U.S.A. by Miley Cyrus TWICE, and because I dig Hannah Montana, I was happy, and the boys were happy because the ladies love that ish!!
The bathrooms are up these narrow stairs which is weird but it's like a whole level dedicated to the powder rooms which makes for less congestion which is cool.  I have not been in the "dance" room, we never really leave the bar side of the place.  They have a ton of TVs so you can watch scores while you are partying it up which is cool to me.  
All in all I have to say this place is more of a guilty pleasure than a spot I love to go.  It is not a top choice for us but if the mood hits my peeps, we stop in.  There is cover which is lame because then you have to check your coat (8 months out of the year LOL) for $2 and then buy drinks...cover is lame.  
So if you are looking for somewhere to boogie, not hear your friends speak and casually check sports scores while dodging 12 year olds, this is your spot!!So its Saturday night I don't have a whole lot going on but I decide to go out on my own relatively early... whatever right? any ways .. I finally find a place that is quite I walk in decent priced beers 3 dollars for a draft bud light not bad use to paying 2 bucks in a dive in philly. Nice atmosphere nice part of town. 
But anyways, I'm just hanging out watching some college hoops, drinking a beer, messin around on the ol' droid and then I feel something behind me.... I ignore it whatever some drunk idiot im guesssin then some more movement ok.... then I see an arm and a purse fly by me and hear an excuse me and its some busted looking lady... and she go's oh im sorry or whatever and im like its cool and I look to my left and there isn't a damn person there  AND ample space to order a drink  not in any ones way.so I'm thinking ok..... 
none the less I go back to my droid and I get touched again being asked if she can put her jacket on my chair and im thinking ... whatever its fine, I didn't want any trouble. so them she sits down and starts hitting on me so I roll with it and she then persists to touch my hair and me being so use to this I'm like sure whatever.. y'know just pleasing my people and then back to the droid action next thing I know I am gettting strong tickles to my chin and now I am getting really irritated and I bite my tongue.
Now this is where it gets juicy so one of the nice ladies behind the bar begins to wave my attention. I see a lot of "lip talking" (she was trying to be quite in a realllly reallly relally loud bar / ironic enough) which I couldn't make out. Eventually me and her have a meeting of the minds over the bar and she "whispers" to me and I quote "she's a dude"....  and I'm like "ummmm, you positive?"  followed by "yes "she" comes in here all the time."  
Any ways "she" pulled another juggler on me while I really pulled away hard and looked away while she went off on going "OMG I cant stand egotistical men, you think your out of my league ........ " so on an so forth.  
Which is when I left shortly after. Granted I wouldn't have done anything to begin with due to the strong fact I have morals but when the bartender shared this with me really made the whole situation funny and disturbing at the same time.
Overall , It's a nice spacious bar, Good happy hours I just so happened to snag there specials card that runs 8-10 every evening.  Good music and good priced beers for old city.
Also I recommend finding one of your creep friends and going to old river, identifying "her" and ordering "her" a drink on him and then sit back and laugh.I was at Mad River in Philly last night for some drinks with friends. I have to say that the guest bartenders Monica & Melonie were great. They were very friendly with big smiles and the service was fantastic!!! Monica knew my drink and she could not have been nicer and she was very easy on the eyes. I hope Mad River keeps them.
Joe PMust agree with earlier posts about this being a place to get drunk and act silly- after all I have been doing it since college 6 years ago.
However I figured I would review the actual food I had there.
Wings- they are on special Saturday nights so we decided to stop in.  The sauce was a bit awkward and the wings were chewy.  20 minutes after getting home (I live a block away) we both had major tummy issues.  I now associate MR wings with tummy aches.
Fries- just not worth it.
Overall great for drink specials, not for food or a nice night out.  Come here to dance and have fun.I personally love this place! I am partial because I know 98% of the staff very well.  But I enjoy the "sing-a-long, know every word' kind of music.  They do get busy with the fraternity meat heads and sorority cliques, but what are you going to do? it's a college bar atmosphere!  If you want a good laugh people watching, ability to get a good drink and loads shots... this is your place!  I do get irriated by the level of idiocracy that goes on in there, but I find my spot at the bar and stay out of the way of the stumbling drunk girls.
*****FYI: if you are there for a private party or you won a happy hour... tip your bartenders! you will get better service!!how can you be "that bar" and not even serve miller lite? i thought that was a prerequisite for all douche bars in philly, no?
go here if you want to wait in line only to pay a cover to see girls with no rhythm attempting to "dance" to songs like "buttercup" while guys sidle up behind them with their half open eyes and tongue hanging out spilling their jager on your shoes
yay!Having just graduated college, I can't help liking Mad River. The place is huge and feels like a big frat party--which is fine with me after a few drinks. Reasonable prices, good specials and good patrons make this a definate stop on a night out in Old CityDO NOT GO HERE!
I don't know why we listed to my friend and went here...We came earlier in the night to check it out. We'd heard it sucked but since we were nearby we stopped in. We got in there right after a big college football game and everyone was decked out in their jerseys. The floor was STICKY from all the spilled booze. I felt like I was 18 again and in Tijuana Mexico where I paid $8 to get in and drink free all night. Two stories. Two bars. Both floors were sticky. Totally a college bar. If you've finished college and are now in the working world, do not go here. You will be disgusted.
Even after that nasty first walk through, we went later that night with a $5 cover and no wait because I had friends from town inside. That is the ONLY reason we returned and I wish we hadn't. At this point in the night it was overcrowded and hot. The only spot on the dancefloor was under a speaker. It was SO DAMN LOUD that we were all DEAF for several days after! I am not joking! Is the DJ on crack? Maybe he thought we'd like him if he made it so loud that we couldn't think straight, hear others talk, etc? 
Drinks were of the caliber you'd think they'd be. Served in plastic cups, yes, it's that kind of joint, weak, and poorly made. Nasty wells. Listen to Yelp and do not go here. Ever! Unless you want to be deaf, are 21, or every other place on this earth is closed.College frat party:
Sticky floors. Bodies bumping into you. Low quality drinks. Sporatic good music. Having to go downstairs to use the toilet. Can't hear what your friends are saying. Super mini dresses and flip flops. Lots of shots. Sports talk. $5 cover at the door.
Employees are friendly though... 
MR is like a really sucky school.. Your experience is what you make of it - if you're drunk enough and surround yourself with good company you'll have a blast and before you know it you're graduating aka leaving in a cab to pass out at home.This review is solely for the upstairs bar.
A huge group of us from MeetIn.org took over the upstairs bar for a TShirt Graffiti night (everyone wears white shirts and everyone else writes/draws all over them).
Pluses: They let us have the upstairs bar to ourselves for free, since we brought such a large group. They let us play our video on the bar TVs (but the sound was crap, so you couldn't hear anything).
Minuses: Beer in a plastic cup made me feel like I was at a High School kegger. What am I gonna do? Break your glass? Argh! Plus, the plastic cups were clearly not 16oz and they still cost $5 a piece.
If I was ever in town again, I'd probably skip this place.kelly p def put it best....."Ok let me start by saying this...you ALWAYS know what you're going to get with Mad River.  You will be doing jaeger bombs, singing, and dancing like an a-hole to 80's music and shaking your ass to Britney.  I'm not sure what these haters don't find fun about that.  I don't sit at a desk all day so I can spend my weekends being in a stuck up bottle service bar behaving myself.  I'm too young for that!  You don't have to dress up, drinks are cheap, it's always busy and IT'S FUN!!"
And if you can't get laid coming to this bar you prolly might want to reconsider your sexual orientation.Ok - If I were a scantily clad, huge breasted, big haired 22 year old, this place would be five stars easy. Sadly, I am not. 
We came here to dance and drink for a bachlorette party and had a pretty good time. It wasn't really our scene, but 18 26 year olds can make a party wherever they go, so it was fine. The DJ picked consistently good singing and dancing songs (Low, Jesse's Girl, anything Justin, Britney or Madonna, etc) but only played the chorus of the song once or twice, which was annoying, especially when the best song in the world (Footloose) came on. 
Around 11:00, the place got pretty packed and it was hard to maneuver through all the groping ya doods and their short skirted hangerons; and the line was out the door.
A great place for some groping and grinding, fairly priced drinks and  a decent DJ.I wish I could give this place NO stars! We were there with a party last night and were treated like pieces of trash by the GM. If you want to go somewhere where the GM will come up and curse and scream at you for standing on the booth to scoot out to go to the bathroom. By all means, this is the place for you. I have never dealt with a ruder human being in my life. Unfortunately for the owner, whoever that may be, they have someone who obviously doesn't care about how their customers are treated. For the money we spent there last night, and the way we were then treated, I would say that I will certainly not go back and I will tell everyone I know not to go either.My review is based only upon attending two Friday nights.  Mad River may be really awesome at other times.  With that disclaimer out of the way, here we go:
This place is a joke.  You cannot have a conversation with anyone whilst the DJ is spinning his tired old hits from the 80s and 90s...it is simply too freaking loud.  Due to the volume, the only interaction resembling dialogue will be mouthing the words to whatever song is currently playing("ooooh we're half way the-errrre....ooo ohhhh livin on a prayer").
The booze is expensive.  You'll frequently have to pay a cover to get in.  You'll wait in a line outside for 15 minutes before getting in.  You will leave sober.  Mad River is a waste(on Friday nights).Every time I'm here, I have a good time. (Heck, the last time I was here, I got bit.) There's usually a college crowd - and what a crowd! Nothing like being crammed in listening to a random cover band or pop music over their thumping sound system. Sometimes there's a line reaching out the door, and sometimes cover. Yes, it's a meat market, but what nightspot isn't?
If you have the urge for a drink, there's a bar on each level to quench your thirst. Bartenders are quick to serve, and friendly too.
Mad River is less uppity than other Old City places, and more active than others. If this sounds like your scene, stop in!Honestly Mad River seems like one of those places where you and your posse will most likely end the night in a fight. Not that anyone I know has ever gotten IN a fight there...Maybe it's because it reminds me of a steamboat which reminds me of pirate ships (the likes of which I've only seen at Disneyland). The outside of the club has a porch about three steps high and it has that New Orleans feel to it. There's a bouncer(s) outside the club charging cover (usually $5) on the weekends and probably also..*just in case*. They have decent drink prices and the bartenders are fast and attentive. Mad River has two dance floors - one on the ground floor and one upstairs. Both play decent music. I fondly remember many a dance battle with my classmates and random strangers. Best thing about Mad River though is that you can win a free VIP party for you and your friends. It's $2 drinks during a reasonable going out time (9-11pm). And I know of at least two friends who have won one so it's not like winning the lottery odds. 
If you're looking for a dive-y club with a fairly insignificant cover to dance the night away, then Mad River will do the trick. Just bring your posse for possible back-up. : )First off, I've never eaten at Mad River...this used to be a place I went with a group of friends when we were bar-hopping in Old City.  Now that I'm not 21, this place has definitely lost its appeal.  Every time I've ever been here there's been a cover, which isn't that big of a deal but considering there are a dozen other bars in eye-sight that don't charge cover it becomes a factor.  As other reviews have stated, the drinks are very much overpriced and the atmosphere isn't very impressive.  The times I've been there it took too long to even get the bartender's attention, costs too much to drink there, and the bar itself is not up to par as far as cleanliness goes.  Your shoes WILL stick to the floor here.  Anyway, if you're 21 and new to the Old City bar scene it's a place to check out and say you've been to, otherwise there are just too many better bars in the area to go to and have a much better time at.NEVER AGAIN!!!
Actually, I'm pretty sure I said those exact words several years ago when I was last at Mad River.  However, it was my sister's 23rd birthday, so I had to suck it up and go with the program. We arrived around 9 or so on Saturday night, thinking the bar would be relatively empty since the Phils game was postponed.  Not so much.  There was a Penn State alumni event going on, so the place was packed and we had to wait in line in the rain.  We should have known right then and there to cut our losses and go elsewhere.
Once inside, the bar was so packed with people that I started planning out a fire escape plan.  It was nearly impossible to get anywhere near the front bar, so we made our way to the back, where there was more room.  Only thing was, the floor was covered with puddles of beer, plates, napkins and food.  What the hell happened before we got there? Employees were trying to clean up the mess but it was a lost cause.  Nearby, I witnessed a guy spitting on the floor. I started to pray, knowing that only a stronger force than myself could get me through this night.
The $2 domestics that were being featured were actually plastic cups that were filled 60% of the way if we were lucky.  After a while, the back bar ran out of draught beer completely so the only option was to either pay for bottles or attempt to get to the front bar without getting felt up by every drunk guy in the place along the way.  I still can't believe we each paid $5 to get in.  The stamp should have said "sucker" because that's exactly what paying for anything in that dump made me feel like.Gross gross gross.  I once went here because a friend wanted to and because it was her birthday, we all regretted it.  After that night I vowed never to go back.
After about a year two of us popped in to use the bathroom late one friday night and were quickly reminded why we never go in.
The dirtiest douches from other states/suburbs slid in to Mad River and grope and pinch girls as the go through the crowd.  If that's your thing then by all means meet your fate, but I can tell you from experience bad things result from Mad River.I have a love-hate relationship with this place that, to me, averages it out to a 3-star rating.
This place will always be an end-of-night standby for me when my crew and I are standing around in old city and wondering "it's 12:45. Where should we go?"
Anyway, the mix here is actually pretty good - both music and people. Everyone is also here to dance, which is great. 
My only problem with the music is that three, four, even five times a night, this will happen:
Go shawty, it's your birthday, we goin' party like it's your birthday, we goin' sip Bacardi like it's your birthday, and we DON'T STOP BELIEVIN'! HOLD ON TO THAT FEEEELIN'!
To sum up my sentiment on exactly how that works, I have to say that even though Mad River attracts a fairly diverse crowd, it's runner-up for my "Whitest Club u Kno in Philadelphia" award. First place is Plough and the Stars, but we'll save that for another review. 
Let me be clear that I have no problem with this, and neither does anyone else in Mad River. We can dig it, Mad River DJ. We just want you to soften up those transitions a little more. 
Because when the white people music comes on, me, and every other minority in Mad River has to stop for a few seconds to scratch our heads.
It's all good, though, because by the chorus of any of these songs ("Pour Some Sugar on Me," "Don't Stop Believin'," "Livin' on a Prayer," "Sweet Caroline," etc), we're probably singing along with all the white oppressors.
You've won this time, whitey!
Now for my one (BIG) negative: 
Bachelorette parties - I still believe that there are some bachelorette parties out there that get crazy and are tons of fun. But THOSE bachelorette parties don't go to Mad River. The ones that come here are the anti-fun of the universe. You know, the kind that stand around, aren't drunk, and are in their little bubble judging everyone.
Specifically, the kind that has gotten my friends kicked out of the club for "causing trouble." Or, as normal people might say, "talking to them."
My condolences to the husbands.
Which leads me to my pro-tip: Don't come here anywhere around wedding season. It's not pretty.
PS
One of these days I'm actually going to eat here, just to see what it's like.