The food sucks.  The crowd sucks.  The beer selection sucks.  The prices suck.  The service there sucks.  This place seems to do everything poorly.
The only positives that gets it a 2nd star are the fact it has a nice outdoor area during the summer and it also turns into a "Penn State Bar" during football games.  If you want to drink outside and look over the river, go to the Brewpub next door.  If you want to go to watch the game at a "Penn State Bar", drive down to Carpool in DC.... it's worth the trip.Everything about this place is terrible. I was charged for a drink that I never ordered and then the manager called me a liar. DO NOT GO HERE. It is a terrible establishment with awful service.DO NOT PATRONIZE THIS PLACE. They are extremely rude!!!!!! They made me leave the bar because I was dancing too close to my female friend. As far as I knew we are in the U.S.A. But apparently they think we are in Saudi Arabia, that they do not allow two people to dance together. And all we were doing was dancing. Not even kissing or anything. The security guards think that they have the power to do whatever that want. I am sorry, but I will NEVER go to a place where I'm not allowed to dance with my female friends. It was ridiculous.I'd heard stories about the douche-bag saturated parties with the fist pumping beefheads and the slutty college gals, but I came here with a group of guys just to see if I could disprove the nightlife myth.
There was no cover for our group, although they did offer open bar ($35 for two hours) or a pay as you go option. I'm not a huge drinker so the open bar option would have been a waste for me. One of the guys kept me plied with drinks on his open bar tab for the 3 hours I wasted there anyway.
The music here sucks; as in, if you have any sense of hearing whatsoever, you probably do not want to be here unless you're trashed and could care less. I think only 3 songs were danceable the entire 3 hour time span I was there.
The crowd here, for the Halloween party at least, was at least 90% college students with constant shoutouts to Alumni and other groups about every 10 minutes.
Needless to say, the stories are true. If it looks like a duck and sounds like a duck, it's a duck. And Mad River is definitely one underage trashed college party of a duck.I like the place itself every booth has a tv so you have something to do while waiting for your food but the menu is not for people who like to eat it's very limited and basically meant for drinkers and not eaters like me.They finally brought me my food and it was not impressiveToday there was supposed to be a 500$ give a way at 6pm. When I asked every single person that worked there what was going on with the drawing they looked at me like I asked them a physics question...the one guy finally handed me a card and said here fill this out and see what happens...biggest bullshit scam everThe worst place I've ever been to in the world. Period. They will upcharge you for every drink then throw you out for no reason. Do NOT go here ever. I downloaded yelp so I could give this place 1 star. I am so mad at this place. NEVER go here.Great viewing place for penn state games- especially when they have BIG10 on 20 screens! Loved the beer and food specials during the game. Only 1 waitress working and she did a great job checking in with the amount of tables she carried. Will return again.Ok so the review gets bumped up because of the now fixed bathroom situation and the nice people working at the door that evening. I went to a private party here last week and cannot complain at all because we were in a seperate room so it was away from the long lines and or massive crowd.  Around 11pm the room opened up to the rest of the bar and it got substantially more crowded but not to the point it was last time I was there..thank god!ITS LIT!! Amazing times had by all every time I come to this bar... From what I can remember. It's spacious and has tons of room to dance, something my friends and I thoroughly enjoy. The drink specials are OK, there is one pretty cute bartender, Matt maybe? Total smoke. The cover is kind of bust making this just 4 stars. I mean who even has covers anymore it's 2016, get rid of it. Lots of beautiful people, myself included. Great place to go for great drinks and even greater time!You know when your pre-gaming and you went to far. Then you say "Well it's late and we're drunk as hell, lets just go to that shitty bar down the street" 
Mad river is that shitty bar. The music will make you think "Why are they playing this song?" The beers are overprice (5$) AND its Filled with yuppy St. joes and Nova clowns who are looking to fight with just about anyone for any reason. 
If your in Manayunk and next to mad river. Walk the extra 50 feet and go to brew pub.This bar is just awful. They have a lot of good cover bands that play here a lot so some times we come to check them out but it is usually overpacked with some of the worse people. All the underage college kids go here and it gets pretty rowdy. On weeknights, they have some decent beer specials, but the normal prices are a bit high for their events. The one good thing about this bar is that they do put on all day music events through out the year, which can be fun but at some point just get out of control. I would not recommend anyone over the age of 22 go to this bar.*I went here on a weekend late night* This place is not really that good. I suggest getting pretty drunk to enjoy it. The atmosphere seems to attract the wrong kind of croud (creepy and maybe confrontational) and the music is pretty repetitive.I do not like Mad River.  Honestly, I have no idea why I ever go here.  I regret it every time.  The crowd is a lot of sloppy, drunk college students.  It is impossible to dance with your friends without being grabbed and danced on by an incoherent 22 year old.
I've never eaten the food here, but I never would given the sloppy nature of the nights here.
Riverpalooza used to be fun, but now they sell too many tickets and it gets so crowded that you can't move.
I give them 2 stars because it is the only place in Manayunk to see a decent cover band.  They used to have cover bands every Thursday night, but don't do that any more.  So maybe I should drop Mad River down to 1 star.We went to the new Mad River that used to be Grape Street that used to be Chemistry for a friend's birthday.  The decor seemed odd, the music even stranger.  In our 3 hours there, the dj switched from Pearl Jam to Beyonce to playing drunk college girl favorite's like Jesse's Girl and Shout.  Odd.
They did add some neat booths to the front of the bar that each have their own TV.  Might be a fun spot to watch a game if you can get there early enough to snag one of the booths.  All in all, I'd rather stay home.My friend ordered a $5 drink, and when he asked for his change from the $20, the bar tenders claimed he handed them five $1. Asshole staff. Asshole managers. Pregame at your house, and then go to Manayunk Brewery next door.Ughhhh where do I even begin with this bar?!? First off, let me start out by saying that I have been here several times(over 10 times) so I think I have plenty of value to add with this review. If your are a drunk, underage or 21 year old looking to hear some crappy music and be in a 80/20 guy to girl ratio, then this is your spot. Every time I have been here everyone is BOMBED. Obviously you're going to run across people like that in just about every bar but Mad River seems to take the cake on this one. Every single person in this place is beyond trashed. That being said, it's not a place I like to go to. 
The drinks are overpriced and very small for what you pay. I don't mind paying a little extra for a good drink but the drinks are never good here. The bartenders look to be college students looking to get drunk (I've seen them take shots on multiple occasions), and they could care less about actually serving you. The bathrooms are absolutely disgusting and usually have pretty long lines. The dance floor/main area is usually packed with drunken frat boys falling all over the place. I think the cover is usually $5-$10 and quite frankly never worth it. 
Needless to say I do not like Mad River at all but if you're looking for a bar with extremely drunk college kids, poor service, disgusting bathrooms, and an overcrowded dance floor then check it out. But seriously, I'd recommend going next door to the Brew Pub if you're looking to have a good time. 1000000x better than Mad River.Free drinks?  Yea we get'em.  Know a hot girl or a Regular, thier all regulars?  Hang with'em and they get all thier drinks free.  If you have to pay, $1 beers.  This place screams frat party with a bouncer.  If you give a place a large enough place with a liquor license they can make a mint off of every underage college kid in the yunk.  Fights, shady employees, and people puking everywhere, this place is a Mecca for the best of the best in manayunk!Holy crap I haven't been in this establishment since it was last called Chemistry and I was a senior in college, so walking into the bar last Thursday was nostalgic for me.  So here's the breakdown:
Food:  B - Average bar food, reasonable prices.  I got the turkey sliders (3) - cute as heck and actually quite filling and good, but I was disappointed that for 8 bucks it didn't even come with fries.  And the wings were decent.
Service: C - We ordered 2 entrees and 2 appetizers at the bar and it took them about an hour and alot of nagging for us to get our food.  Lack of response from the waitress we ordered from would have given them an F, but one of the bartenders was a little bit more helpful and eventually they ended up giving the 3 of us free beers.  
Decor:  B+ - Because every corner I turned brought back good memories of double-fisted, college nights, and seeing the original "club" turn into a dining area.  One thing that was annoying was there lack of seating... was there to watch tournament games and couldn't grab a table at first, and noticed the amount of wasted space between their existing tables.since this used to be the old grape st i thought it was my duty to check out what they did with the place. we ventured in after strolling the manayunk arts festival to a very large sports bar looking area. huge booths with their own LCD's. thumbs up there. we roamed around the place checking out the room where grape st used to have bands. now its just a big open room with a bar. eh...that doesnt seem like to much fun. we went out the deck for some drinks. the bartender was very nice and on top of the empty beers so the service was right on. we also orderd some cheesesteak eggrolls that were way overcooked. i was hungry so they did the job but they could have been cooked correctly. not a bad place but there really is absolutely no character the the spot.Terrible Staff. I went to this bar last night because my sister was in town and we wanted to try somewhere new. The bartender was very rude. As I waited for my drink to be prepared, I talked with my friends that came along. The bar was loud, I could not here the bartender and rather than coming over to grab my card he began throwing paper at straws at me to get my attention. He joked with the security guards and they all found it very funny (laughing at me) as he continued to do it if front of everyone. My sister called him out for being very rude and unprofessional. His response was to have security escort us out. I have never received such terrible customer service when going out. I cannot believe that we were treated so poorly and this will be my last time coming (not including my visit to speak with management). This place should really train their employees to be more courteous to those who are SPENDING THEIR MONEY to buy drinks at this bars. I expected decent service and did not even receive the bare minimum for my money spent (to get in, to buy drinks, and tip). DO BETTER!!!Mad River doesn't even deserve a 1 star.  The service was awful and had no respect for the patrons of the restaurant.  I was disappointed with how they handled valuable customers.  I did not feel like so was important while I the presence of the staff at Mad River.  SmhMy boys came to visit me from nyc and we stopped here.  it was ok.  The girls hanging out here seemed like the slutty sorority type but the music was bad.  Wheres the house music in this city?Literally as sober as can be and I got kicked out. I had to pee after dinner went to go pee and got kicked out for peeing in the bathroom. They screwed me out of 35 dollars and I wish I could get money back. They didn't even give me a reason. Honestly screw them i had zero to drink and I got kicked outArrived at this location for an after-work party. It was a setting we could have some alcohol and have some fun, but not be concerned about work. 
I arrived and liked the cheap pours from the well, $2. The beer selection was minimal and I only like good beer.
So ordered a standard drink for me, and instead of a glass tumbler it came in a small sized plastic cup. Yep, I paid for $2 worth of a drink. Then shots were $2 and that was good. They too came in a shot sized plastic cup, probably a little larger pour than in a glass cup. 
The dance location we were in was dingy and dark. very limited seating and nowhere for coats. 
Bathroom is a little weird anyone walking by the men's room can see anyone standing at a urinal. That is a little odd when a co-worker walks by.Great drink specials and live performances. Great location and friendly staff. Check out specials and events at ManayunkNightlife.comAfter more thought and going back, Mad River s not my type of bar and the atmosphere is just not my style, but the manager and bartenders are friendly. They still are one of the more expensive bars on the street $5 for a lite beer which you can prob get a nice craft beer at other place on Main Street now a days. I think I just grew out of this scene but I can see the bar itself can be fun and I can see the appeal of it to other people.Easily one of my favorite spots in Manayunk. The deck is really nice in the summer.You just have to know what you're getting yourself into.  
Weekends are overfilled and compacted, so you must buy drinks double-fisted (or you can forget about drinking beyond sufficient or permitted limits).  The music is loud, it's dark, you can't converse, and every other person is attempting their best dance moves, which makes for an interesting scene.  You'll be witness to the spillage of multiple beverages as peeps perfect their bump and grind skills -- heavy on the bump.  And, you will stick to the floor as if it were coated in adhesive.  
In short, if you like to drink and don't like to dance.  Don't bother.
(Oh, and for those of you who remembered when it was Grape Street.  It's like the same exact thing only less thug).It wasn't that great of a scene on a Tuesday night but I bet this place gets wild. It has ample space to dance and get crazy and a dj booth just blasting bass pumped music. AND laser lights!!!!!! The bar is pretty long and on a Tuesday it was easy to get some drinks. The bartenders (men and woman) seemed friendly and were quick to get us some drinks. Unfortunately as I said it was a Tuesday and it wasn't that fun dancing among just a handful of people so I bailed early and went somewhere else just to chill. Still, when it's busy I can see this place being fun. If wild is your idea of fun.As I was outside almost around the corner leaving the premises a guy in regular clothes comes up to me and asks me for my wrist band.  I was a bit confused and said no thanks buddy and said im leaving bye.  He then yelled at me to give him my wrist band.  When I said no im leaving again he yoked me up against the wall and 2 other guys came over and put me in a restraint, picked me up and tossed me to the sidewalk.  These guys are in fact employees of mad river.  They have absolutely no right to touch me especially when I am not inside of their establishment.  Even if I was they have no right to put their hands on me.  Why and how this is tolerated and accepted by most people is beyond me.
This is unacceptable and I will be going to the proper authorities to make my complaint.Mad River is the typical "college bar" filled with drunken 21 year olds each Friday and Saturday night.  However, on a game day, it is a nice place to cheer on your favorite team with multiple TVs ensuring you never miss a play.We came here for a Paint Nite, and unfortunately the bar had flooded earlier in the week and was incredibly damp and musty, which is absolutely not their fault and NOT the reason they're getting a 2.
From what I could see the menu was your typical frozen pub grub, though admittedly I didn't try any of it. A very long bar with 6 beers on tap. Probably a spot that is designed to be crowded with mostly standing or dancing room only.
The reason I'm giving a 2 is that I witnessed some of the most disgusting, dirty, poorly cared for restrooms I've ever seen. Why not give a 1, you may ask? Because even though they didn't have water to give us due to the flooding taking out their tap systems, they were nice and gave us free bottled water. Paint Nite was a blast.Food here is just bar food. Nothing special. Big place but still manages to get packed. Turns into a club scene at night so be warned. 
I like watching games here. They have a bunch of TVs and even little ones in every booth. Very young crowd.Went for my birthday and was randomly picked out of a crowd and kicked out for being "too drunk", although I was able to walk, respond properly, etc. The bouncers increasingly got aggressive when I asked to be escorted to find the group of people I was with and treated me like garbage. Terrible manager, terrible bouncers. 0/10 would not recommend.Realizing that it is only my disdain for the obnoxious-college-freshmen type of crowd that would cause me to rate this lower, I give Mad River 4 whole stars! Last night I waited at the bar to meet some friends while it was still relatively empty. My first thought walking in was how different it was from the other old location in Old City and my second thought was how clean everything was. The bartenders were friendly and quick with taking orders & making drinks, even as the night went on and the whole place became packed with gross/drunk/sweaty boys grinding on bored young women (who were undoubtedly mulling over the realization that frat boys and 'free open bars' are not all they're cracked up to be). Quick service, reasonably-priced drinks and a clean establishment are all great in my book, so four stars for you, Mad River.I have been to this place 4 times. I won't be going back because: 1. The place is dirty, 2. The crowd is a bunch of 21 yr olds, wasted, very low class, 3. Some times the music sucks. 
So why did I go 4 times? I went there with a group of friends and we loved to make fun of the people that go here, ironically we go too (does someone else make fun of us?). We also went because is close to home and we are not looking for hook ups, but it is definitely not worth it.This place is packed with a bunch of young drunken wackos, just not my style.... Maybe when I was 18 but not now..So much fun! There are bars all over the place and it is very club oriented. Easily the funnest bar in Manayunk. Check it out!Ended up here recently with friends on a Friday night. For some reason I was under the impression that this place was slightly nicer than Kildares, which is your typical college bar, but I couldn't have been more wrong. The cover was $5 to get in, which I didn't mind paying as I didn't know what I was in for. This place was my personal definition of hell. Inside, there is a dance floor/DJ and bar. The music is WAY too loud, like hurts your ears and literally you cannot hear the person directly next to you. I went over to the bar and ordered a drink, drinks are way overpriced for the type of place this is, around $7 each! I danced a little with my friends and started to realize how much this place sucks. Loud, way too crowded, people practically groping you to get past you, sticky floors, Oh, and the crowd. I hate to sound like a snob but theres no way to describe the majority of the people that were here other than trashy. Seriously everyone here was disgustingly drunk. Not wanting to ditch my friends for the night, I realized the only way I was going to be able to tolerate this place is if I got completely hammered. So, I kept ordering drinks. I was able to convince everyone to hangout out back where there was an outdoor bar and patio which was a lot better. But, still not a good scene. Oh, and the bathrooms were disgusting,  every single stall was dirty so I didn't go to the bathroom once there. The next day when I was looking at my debit card charges on my phone, I saw that I was way extremely overcharged for one transaction. I had a $30 dollar charge on there, yet I never had an open tab or bought that many drinks. The highest charge that should have ever been on there was like $14 when I bought a drink for my friend too. Not sure if the bartender confused my tab with someone elses. Or if after I left the slip on the bar someone wrote down like an extra $20 bucks on the tip, not sure what would be the motive for doing that though. But, obviously I would not recommended this place at all! I'm not the biggest Kildare's fan, but i'd take that over Mad River anytime. I also hear brew pub is decent.Kind of a douche bag bar.... Just saying...Good place to watch college football. Little warm and stuffy but great environment, decent service.If you are a college student / recent graduate, or, a creepy older guy who likes to hit on college students / recent graduates, then you will love Mad River.  I'm giving Mad River four stars because it does a good job of being what it is - a place for 21 year olds to get drunk, hook up, and dance.maybe it was the crowd, but the place had no heart...and while the wait staff et al were friendly, there was something about the attitude...if I had to call it something, it was that there was some sort of superior attitude, and that just doesn't fly for this kind of place. I will probably try it again, but they need to do a little work with me to get to the next star.Why?
Why did I try?
This is exactly what you think it is.  A bunch of twelve year olds getting wasted to REALLY loud music.  Food was bottom level bar grub.  What's the point.  Go down the street or to East Falls.If you like waiting 20 minutes for a beer, getting your shoes stepped on because there is no room,  or waiting 10 minutes to use the small bathroom; this place is for you.
terrible..........Average age in this bar is less than 21 years old.  That should tell you something right off the bat.  It gets crowded, everyone seems to want to fight, and the beers are overpriced (plus no Miller Light)!
On the flip side, the DJ is really pretty good on Saturday nights, which makes me wish I could give it a higher rating.I felt like I was in a frat house. If you want that kind of vibe then I guess it doesn't suck, but I could have gone to a frat for less money.  Wasn't really a fan of the music and the place was dirty.  My shoes were disgusting afterwards. Would not recommend.Stay away if you are an Eagles fan! We came in early and asked it they would show the MN Vikings game and the Eagles as those are our teams.  They said yes, but failed to inform us that this is a Steelers bar so we has to listen to that game vs the Eagles!  They could have told us that!  Will never go back!Wouldn't let one of us in because of boots (nicer than anyone else's in our group) were timberlands. Appears they have rules to exclude certain groups of people. AvoidWent to this place last night. I think this place should be in center city. I know there is one in old city...im talking in center city though. Anyway, the band (kristen and the noise freaking kicked ass..and the bartenders worked as fast as they could. BUUUUTTTT...on the deck was a different story. The bartenders were texting like crazy while we waited to be served. Now, I work in the nightclub and Im not too much against bartenders texting..its just limit it..and watch for the people who pay you. And keep you in business. If they then dont tip...then feel free to wrap a bottle over their heads. :: I hate not tipping and non-tippers...biggest douchebags in the world::. Anyway, The three bartenders in the front knew their shit and were fast. My bros one beer was warm and when he told the bartender..the bartender gave him ice in a cup and a new beer on top of that. What a awesome bartender..much respect to you! This place rocks.Cockroaches on the ground. Flys everywhere. And horrible service especially the young barback in khaki shorts absolutely rude and not helpful what so ever.Worth 1 visit for the fried pretzel nuggets.  Delicious.
Otherwise:
I should preface this by saying that 95% of bars in Manayunk feel like the Frat party in undergrad that never ended ... but probably should have.
Mad River, however, is the Mecca.
If you're a fan of popped collars, men invading women's personal space, and that eerie feeling of dejavu ... (because didn't this happen when you were 19 and an undergrad?), then feel free to add 3 stars to my rating and hop on over to Mad River.The beers may be cheap, but avoid the wings at all costs! Most of the food here is sub par bar food. I've had sandwiches, wraps, salads, burgers and nothing has changed my mind. There are tons of restaurants on Main Street. Walk the extra block or two.At 28 years old I think I was the oldest person in the bar.  Drinks sucked.  LOVED watching the 20 year olds with fake ID's teeter around on their 4 inch Steve Maddens throwing their hands up to Miley Cirus while guys chugged Miller Lite bottles and grinded up behind them, wearing their uniform of jeans, black shoes, and polos.  Meh.  Only other exciting part of the night was watching some kids get kicked out for fighing, and to have him stop and compliment my friend on her nice ass.So overall terrible experience. I ordered food and I had to cancel my order because it never came. I waited an hour and 15 before canceling the order. Management does not get it.Basically a place you should only come if you are looking to get intoxicated with a younger crowd. They do occasionally have some good cover bands, but outside of that the beer selection is laughable, the food is frozen bar food, and the crowd is as stated above.Mad River is hard to tolerate unless you plan on being incredibly drunk the whole time you are there. 
It is beyond packed, which is very uncomfortable. It takes forever to walk from one side of the bar to the other. Drunken people come up to you and dance with you and are often too coherent to leave you alone when you ask. There are bottles and cans all over the floor, and everything is sticky. 
Mad River seems mostly to attract like 21-year-olds and people who wish they were still 21. 
For a better night of drinking and dancing, head next door to Brew Pub for some good beer, a larger space, and an older crowd.good looking bar, good music, big. very college oriented, everyones very young. not a place if your looking for an older more professional crowd. place almost guarantees a fight every night. 
people get tanked here and usually drama occurs.
besides that, good overall spot. nice outdoor deck. and celebrity appearances happen here and there. 
dont go if you're claustrophobic. because this place gets packed. good luck at the bar, if you can get a bartenders attention.Mad River has to be one of the worst bars I've ever been to. I'm only giving it two star because I absolutely loved the music. Mad River felt like every college bar I've been to in Columbus, OH. Sloppy dancing, ok looking people and horrible drinks. It was definitely Frat Party USA/Douche Central when I went because it was over Thanksgiving weekend. Not to mention the decor of this bar was very confusing, is it supposed to be like a ski lodge? 
Anyways if you're trying to get sloppy drunk like you did in your college days. I would definitely say go here, otherwise find somewhere classier.Strike one: Cover fee 
I'm not really a rap music person and when I go dancing I try to avoid places that remind me of frat parties. Strike Two. 
The coat check was able to quickly get my coat when it was time to leave... Which was surprising.
When we finally left the Uber was $40 to get back home..... Strike three.
Stay in center city.Usually a very expensive trip, and it's always filled with muscle meat heads with those Affliction shirts on... Save that! Other than that, it's a nice place. It's very big so you have tons of options and bars, the staff in generally friendly and I don't think I've ever had a problem getting a drink. Lack of Live Bands is why I only gave this 2 stars. It used to be Grape Street and they always had live bands, and going back to when it was called Chemistry it had live bands, so I don't know why they decided to stop it, they have the room. Although I have to say they kind of make up for it with "River-palooza" a day/night outside concert and booze fest. Always a great time!I went to Mad River's New Year's Eve party and I can definitely see what other reviewers mean-- Mad River gets pretty trashed and the crowd is definitely young. Most people were dressed pretty well because it was NYE, so that was nice. It's not the grossest bar that I have ever been to and the bathrooms stayed surprisingly clean all night. I paid for an all-night open bar, so I didn't have to worry about the drinks. They were made strong and filled to the brim, which didn't bode well for my clothes, but it did mean that I didn't have to drink too much. Definitely the kind of place young people go to get drunk and dance up on people...
However, Mad River is one of the better Manayunk dives and is great if you are young and looking to get plastered and dance on people. Also there is a coat check, which was a godsend. And since NYE is a crazy night anyway, Mad River ended up being a blast! They handled the NYE party very well, too. There were party favors everywhere, the bars were pretty orderly, I got my glass of champagne without a problem, and there was even a small buffet.I was treated so disrespectfully by the security at the door on Halloween night before I had even stepped foot into the bar, and when I asked for the manager to complain, the manager told me that he "doesn't want to hear my bitching" and to leave. If you enjoy being treated like complete shit then this is the bar for you.The owner is a jerk. I went looking for a job bartending, as a part time thing, an they explained to me that I didn't fit the profile. I said: what do you mean I have years of experience? 
Apparently you need to be a 110 lbs, skanky, half-dressed girl to work there.
I am pretty sure they don't fall under equal opportunity employerA close friend of mine was kicked out of this bar last night for being gay and dancing with another man.  This is disgusting!  The bouncers dragged him and his friend out for dancing together and then started pushing them and calling them F****ts.  Please do not go here!  In 2014 this kind of intolerance cannot stand!Bouncer refused my friend with no reason at all, he was 21 and sober but still wasn't allowed in the bar. His ID scanned and he had 2nd and 3rd forms of ID but still was not allowed. He is Asian so if anything he could not get in because the bouncer was racist. It was so wrong on so many levels. Do not got to this because apparently you will not get in unless you are a white hot girl. I would give this zero stars if I could.Never had a bad time here! Best music, atmosphere, and bartenders. If you're looking to dance and have a great time with friends, this is the place to go! Palooza days are the absolute best!ehhh.. same as the one in old city but instead of jersey flooding the place. .it's a ton of st joes and manayunk people.. hmm go on a tuesday or thursday night.. good DJ, great music..The fact that Mr. Greengenes was playing here the last time I went was confirmation that this place belongs at the Jersey Shore.  One of the biggest "party bars" in Manayunk (and Philly).  I have to laugh at how they price their drinks: $5.45 for a shot and $3.63 for a beer.  Maybe that doesn't bother most people but I happen to like round numbers.It sucked.  The wait staff is hopeless.  My friends and I went there for dinner and were served half of our meal without napkins, silverware, or plates.  We watched as the waitress wondered around the restaurant socializing instead of getting us what we need including the rest of our meal.  I would see her glance over from time to time as we tried to get her attention and her eyes would open real wide like she had forgotten and that happened multiple times and this was around 7:30pm, it was not busy.
It took so long for us to get our drinks that I started going to the bar to get them where I stood there waiting for the three bartenders to stop talking and glance around the bar to see if anyone needed anything.  A fourth bartender walked behind the bar smiled at me, walked towards the other three bartenders and instead of telling them I was waiting she picked up the phone to call someone. I had to walk around to where the bartenders where gathered to get their attention.
At this point our meal was cold and our service was so bad that we asked to speak with a manger.  The manager was friendly at first and offered to buy us a round of drinks and apologized saying that it is a Penn State bar and their was just a Penn State game that day and they were slammed.  I felt like saying actually your a well known bar in a new location and you should have been prepared adequately and not have your patrons suffer.  
After that I saw the manger talking to the waitress, but of course I am sure he was reprimanding her he was probably telling her that we were the problem because he didn't seem too much of an actual leader, the waitress walked over to the table next to us and proceeded to talk to the people sitting there and I watched and heard her as she told them what we said about her and then said how she felt like SMACKING us in the face.
I again grabbed the manager told him what I just over heard and the response that I got back was that it sounded to him that we were trying to start a fight.
I HAVE NOT BEEN BACK NOR WILL I EVER GO BACK!  I have told all my friends about my experience and many of them have told me that they have had similiar experiences with the service being horrible and that they would not recommend it to anyone either.Well this was a huge disapointment. Keyword is waiting--You will be doing a lot of this here.
WAY too overly crowded, very long line to get in, long wait for drinks, and the worst lines I have ever seen for a restroom in my life. There is only ONE restroom for the entire bar--I waited 30 women deep and about 30 minutes plus at times. I even inquired with 2 different employees about another restroom and they both told me there was only one.
If it was less crowded it would have been a much better experience.THE place to be on a weekend night. Music is amazing, bartenders are super quick and always nice and full of energy. Manager Joe is an angel sent from above. the energy of this place is easily a  10/10Basically a bunch of dudebros and sloppy drunk white girls.  And not even attractive dudebros and sloppy drunk white girls. When I went, there was a bathroom attendant who put a note on the mirror trying to guilt us into tipping her for standing there and listening to us pee. I swear, I felt like I was not nearly drunk enough to tolerate this place. I danced a bit, which was fun, but I'd take dancing at Kildare's over dancing at Mad River any day. At least Kildare's has good beer. I truly think this is a place for new college students who are still learning how to drink without puking all over themselves and sleeping with strangers. No bueno.I've given Mad River Manayunk more than one chance to prove herself to me. 
Food - Multiple times I've tried, tried, TRIED to like the food here. Coming in to snag a booth to watch a Phillies or Flyers and drinking a couple (or more than a couple) beers makes one crave food. And sometimes french fries just don't do it. Not that the soggy mess of fries in a basket did it for me anyways. And who in their right mind would order a salad while drinking beers?! I ordered what I think is a now defunct 'veggie' wrap. I thought of it still makes me gag. I'll stick to the soggy fries next time 
Bar Scene - I refuse to pay a cover to get in here. $5 to be groped and poked at my drunks guys in something I could do in the bar I worked in at the time. Anytime I've gone and there's a cover, I either bypass the cover somehow or one of my friends has to buck up in order for me to get in.
Now I know you're thinking, why go and put yourself through that if you know that you hate it?! Because subjecting yourself to the crowds, the sweat and the constant swaying of the crowd/ducking to avoid a fight is something every 20something should do in their life at least 3 times a year. And one day we'll realize that it's time to grow up and drink wine and eat pasta at Bella and be in bed before 11. Until then, to Mad River we go!This place is SO small, and it's way too crowded along with an immature young crowd. As well as it'll take about 20 min to get a drink.  Not a good experience.This place was peculiar.  I went here with a few friends who all had friends there that they were meeting.  I attempted to mingle, but it didn't seem like a conversation friendly place, but rather a - get drunk while listening to lots of types of music really loudly - type of place.  
I think it was interesting to view this type of party scene, but I seriously doubt ever returning.I was there last Thursday with a couple of my friends. Place is not bad. There isn't a good mixed of crowd. Mainly caucasians. Drinks are reasonable, it isn't cheap. Had to pay 5 dollars to get in. 
If you like to drink and not dance please do yourself a favor and stay home. It's an Okay place. I've been to better places in the city.ehh. this place is fun if you're 20, or 21. but other then that age- STAY AWAY! expensive drinks, trashy crowd, dirty bathrooms, people basically having sex in the corner and the bouncers turning an eye to it.Pretty much your college bar.   Large crowds,  dancing,  sticky floors.   I just found the drinks were way to much for the bar it's trying to be.