This small pho place right in the heart of Manayunk is a perfect spot to grab some hot soup on a cold day. With large portions and lots of vegetarian options it's easy to find something for everyone here. I'm a sucker for boba and was thrilled to see it on the menu. The noodles were average, but I really enjoyed the beef broth. The staff were all super attentive and the service was speedy. Would happily return to Main Street Pho.Very good food, nice place and very friendly people! Would go again! 
Manayunk and Roxborough needed a place like this!As I was visiting family in Philadelphia, I was craving some Pho. I looked this place up on Google and so far it was really good. They're new to the strip of eateries and prices are not bad either!! They do have a last seating at 8:30pm which is reasonable and they offer take outs. They have BOBA here as well. The chef personally came out and delivered all of our food to us. He's is a very nice and kind gentleman and my family had nothing but good things to say about this place. It is a small place so I'm sure it can get crowded in here during lunch and dinner peak hours. We experienced all great things here so whenever I'm in town, I'll gladly come and dine in again. Thank you for the delicious food!Pho-nominal. Was our first time trying this restaurant and won't be our last. The chicken fried rice was the best I've ever had. Great, quick service and the food came out hot. Highly recommend.If you're looking for some amazing Pho this is the place to Go!!! No joke it was my first time here and everything about my experience was phenomenal. The food was amazing and I haven't experienced better customer service anywhere! The staff was so genuine and caring down to every detail. Highly recommendMain Street Pho is fantastic. Highly recommend the Curry Tofu. Also the staff is extremely friends!Really delicious food! Had the Grilled Pork Pho and my wife had the grilled chicken, the specials of the day. So good!! And the sauces were incredible.
Service was super fast too, we were already running late for a movie when we showed up (25 min until it started) and we got there with time to spare.Is it the best pho I've ever had? No.... but for price point, convenience, and how nice everyone was I'm rating it 4 Stars. I got the beef pho special to go. When ordering and picking up everyone was so nice. The restaurant was packed when I walked in and they still attended to me right away. The pho came with all the typical fixings, bean sprouts, hoisin, jalapeño, etc. The broth and meats are good. I'm not SUPER impressed but they're still new so there's room for improvement. Growing up in MYK we've never had pho locally and I've always had to travel to south Philly for any good pho so I'm ecstatic over this new addition. I'll def be back to check out the rest of the menu.Amazing, beautiful, traditional food, delivered by fast and friendly service, in an appealing, clean environment. What more could you ask for? Love this place- Instant favorite, and the owner comes out and gets to know the customers himself! A great little Pho joint.First we get ramen on Main Street, and now pho?  As a fiend for noodle soups of all kinds, I was very excited to try this place out!
The interior is very nice - a definite upgrade from the Tony Luke's that occupied this spot previously.  I love the cafe feel that starts with their cute sign hanging outside of the store.
As far as food, we tried:
Beef Pho: Pretty good. Since I am used to ordering Pho Tai, I was thrown off for a second by the waitress's follow-up questions on what type of broth and noodles I would like, since you can completely customize your bowl.  I went with beef broth, rice noodles, and raw beef eye round.  It's nice that they allow you to mix and match your broth, noodles and protein!  Everything was tasty and I happily polished off my portion.  My personal preference is for a punchier beef broth but this one was still good, plus you can always amp up the flavor with the sauces at your table.
Mixed Green Salad: Good overall.  We added shrimp which were excellent.  They had great flavor, were perfectly cooked, and had a nice caramelized exterior.  If any dishes have the option to add shrimp, I definitely recommend it!  The salad itself was very fresh and crunchy, however it mostly tasted like plain lettuce to me.  The menu says this dish is supposed to include a "special dressing," but I'm pretty sure the kitchen just forgot this as there was no dressing to be found.  I only saw this note about dressing while looking back at pictures of the menu, so I'll know for next time in case it's forgotten again.
The service was a bit slow on our visit but also pleasant, so I can forgive some long waits since I'm sure they are still ironing out some kinks as a new restaurant.  I'm glad to have Main Street Pho in the neighborhood and will definitely be back!I was really anticipating the opening of a pho restaurant on Main Street and finally tried it out on a chilly rainy day. The menu is extensive and offers a variety of appetizers, bobas and main dishes. I like that you can choose to create your own pho down to the broth, protein and noodles. I got a beef broth pho w rice noodles and pork wontons. The broth was decently flavorful, but what disappointed me was the noodles tasted rather plain; like they hadn't taken on any flavor from the broth. They also stuck together and seemed to take over the bowl - usually I'm not one to complain about too much noodles but it made it a little difficult to eat! The wontons were delicious and really soaked up the broth well. Service was speedy and the servers were all attentive and friendly. Would give it another try again soon.Food: I was hoping there was a pho place that was good closer to home because I usually go to the one in Washington or Rising Sun but was sadly disappointed. The pho here is bland and the fish sauce was diluted. 
Service: They got our pho order wrong and did not compensate. They also only gave us 2 spoons when 4 of us ordered pho. The food also took forever to come.Like most people who live in Manayunk, I've been waiting for a Pho restaurant to open up. Sometimes traveling to China town or to Washington Ave to hit up the usual suspects is a little too far and a hassle on its own. But thank god, we finally have a spot in our little town that's walkable and delicious.
I'm hoping Main Street Pho starts delivering soon. :-)If you order something that isn't pho from a pho restaurant and it blows you away, you know the restaurant is good. I'm glad I found this place.Everything is excellent here, from the rolls to the pho without forgetting the friendly atmosphere. We went there on a weekday and were warmly greeted, the beef pho is excellent and they do not skimp on the meat. Definitely a neighborhood favorite!!Amazing food and great service! The three of us decided to do family style so that we could try different dishes. Our waitress was nice enough to provide small plates and bowls so that we could share. We ordered the crispy roll sampler, beef pho, seafood egg noodles and lemongrass chicken. Everything was amazingly good. I enjoyed the avocado smoothie. Must try their fried banana dessert! We will definitely be back.Disappointed
Now I never had Vietnamese food before so this review may not be a good one to believe, but from what I was told is that Pho is good.
I went with my wife to this place and we ordered appetizers. She ordered the dumplings and they were delicious and I ordered the pork spring rolls and it came with a peanut sauce. We enjoyed the appetizers. 
My wife ordered the curry chicken at a spice level 1 and it still had some kick, but was delicious and a good portion size for her to bring home leftovers. 
I ordered the Pho beef special and wasn't impressed. The ramen like soup had so little flavor. The beef just tasted like wet meat and there was gristle and fat throughout. I believe it had all that fat in there to give it flavor, but for the price and how little of meat you get I was disappointed. The rice noodles in it were good and so were the bean sprouts, but for over 40 dollars with a tip included I am not going back.
The waitress was great and it was definitely a nice layout, but not impressed with the meal on my end.Limited menu, super hot inside, no offer of larger or smaller portions, service is slow. Probably better as a takeout place. room for improvement 
Food is ok, and price is very reasonable. 
They take credit card.I'm so excited to have a good pho place in Northwest Philly! We had a spectacular experience. I came with my husband and three kids, and all of us had a blast. The service was excellent and quick. They knew just how to help us with the kids by allowing the kids to specify what they wanted in their dishes (even including fish sauce on the side for my picky son), bringing out the food within a few minutes of our order, and being patient and kind with all of my children. The pho was phenomenal, with a wonderfully flavored, almost buttery broth, just how pho should be. The beef in my Beef Special Pho was perfectly cooked and melted in my mouth. My husband got the tamarind wings and loved them, and my daughter loved the dumplings. Our waitress recommended a ginger honey jasmine tea mixture that hit the spot perfectly. And the prices were quite low, given how much food we got (as I write this review, I am enjoying our leftovers). Overall, it was an excellent dining experience, and we plan to return many times, with or without our children!Came all the way from Newark, DE to have this delicious food! Great service! Great atmosphere! The Pho was delicious as well as the rice dishes. Highly recommend the Grilled beef in Grape Leaves as a starter!The pho is VERY average, if not below. The dumplings likewise.  Menu variety and BYOB compensate somewhat for the mediocre food, but the pho at Binto is much better in my opinion.  More flavorful, more broth.The service here was great. The food came quickly. We came in hungry and left out stuffed. We ordered pork dumplings, crispy spring rolls for starters and got shrimp pho as our main meal. We also got an order of the fried bananas and they were great. I'm so happy Manayunk has a pho spot now! Will definitely go back soon!I would probably give this place 4 stars if the service was better. I think I had bad luck with my waitress. This place closes oddly early for Main Street and she tried not to seat us way before the oddly early closing time. The manager told her to seat us. She then wanted to take our order before even bringing us water. Anyway, she sucked. The whole time she sucked. When she wasn't being a terrible server she was being a loud over-sharer and I could hear her from the kitchen. At least they were making her scrub dishes. OMG why won't she shut up?  She just ruined my dining experience. Ultimately, I'd recommend trying the food because it's good. Just hope your service is better than mine.Small restaurant with quick and friendly service. We stopped in during the lunch rush and there was very little wait for our food and though almost all the tables were full the service was very attentive. 
We ordered the Spring Rolls and the Beef Pho Special. The Spring Rolls were average at best, but I was impressed with the Pho. Maybe not as good as what I used to get while I was living in San Francisco but it was definitely close. Come in hungry because portions are huge. Prices are super cheap. We had all this for under $25!
Everyone here was so kind and even the owner came around to see how we liked our meals. He explained that they had just opened and they were still tweaking the recipes so I expect the place to get even better as they work out the small kinks. I will definitely be back.A Vietnamese BYOB with vegetarian options?! HALLELUJAH!! This place is exactly what Manayunk needs! The space is small but cozy and totally worth the wait for a table during busy hours! The food comes out quick, hot, and fresh! The pho broth is delicious! I see myself dining in or taking out on the regular :)This place is amazing!!! The food is great and the customer service is something else. Have been there twice and the owner has checked on us both times. He's always giving great recommendations and offering above and beyond what the restaurant provides. I highly recommend any to go eat here.This is the best Pho places I've ever been. I leave in the city, this is even beyond the Vietnamese places in philly.  The soup is really delicious and fresh.  I really recommend the beef special pho and the Clay pot.  Love it !!! It's also nice to walk around the town after.Stopped in for a quick bite and was warmly greeted by exceptionally friendly staff. Ordered the veggie pho, which was incredibly flavorful. Portions were generous - I ate until I couldn't anymore and I still had plenty for another meal to take away. The chef made rounds to the tables and engaged in fun and interesting conversation. He offered us some samples of his take on veggie spring rolls - deliciously cooked and even one sweet potato spring roll that was outstanding. Will have to come back the next time I'm in town.5 stars for a manayunk Vietnamese restaurant. While south Philly may have some great places this is definitely an amazing addition to the neighborhood. I had the pork vermicelli which was delicious. My friends beef pho was also good. It's also BYO which is always plus. So happy to finally have a good Vietnamese place in manayunk!This place is dope. I recommend it. I try to go at least once a week. It's close to my building so it just works for me perfectly. 
Main Street is already a cool place to do just about anything. Eat and chill. Eat and turn up. Drinks. Shopping. Cafes to read books and have conversations. Places to just run and ride bikes and walk dogs. So, this place being added (its new) is a plus. 
Super chill vibes and a dope atmosphere. Soon as I walked in, I was quickly greeted with a genuine friendly approach by the owner. He's a cool guy. You can sit anywhere you like. I'm going through the venue, and one of my favorite ways to begin building relationship at restaurants is asking them to make suggestions and then picking what they suggest. So, that's what I did and he offered something that's not even on the menu. (Just ask for this special with the grilled chicken on the side of some pho - you won't regret it.)
I also ran into a friend from Instagram. Funny, but just added another cool element. 
The prices are amazing. You'll get great food on a budget. The staff is friendly. The place is nice and small. I always go alone and it's perfect. But I've seen people with friends and it works too. 
Check it out.Great food and great service! Looking forward to watching this place grow. Try the Main Street platter!My wife and I got takeout from here for dinner. I had the Beef Pho Special. The broth was excellent. My wife had the Chicken Spicy Lemongrass. She does not like spicy hot foods and they made it mild for her. I would order from here again when in the area.Was really excited to try pho at a new restaurant but was disappointed by the food. Viet coffee was the instant coffee you can buy at any viet store (G7 brand). Dumplings tasted like frozen dumplings. Beef Pho and chicken curry were average. The restaurant was very loud.Ordered vermicelli platters delivered through caviar. It arrived so soaking in grease the bag and take out bins were drenched in oil. The tofu vermicelli was flavorless and drenched in oil, huge amounts of noodles, bland sauce, some iceberg lettuce, maybe 2 pieces of carrot, one mint leaf and 3 small match sticks of cucumber. Maybe they're way different if you eat/order in restaurant, won't order take out again.I overslept this morning so my sick boyfriend had to get up early to walk the dog. I thought I'd be nice and get him Pho for dinner to make him feel better after working outside in the cold. I ordered the crispy roll sampler & Raw Beef Eye Round Pho. The 4 tiny pieces of beef were already in the broth so they were beyond well done by the time I got it home to East Falls. Super disappointed in the amount of beef and that it was in the broth instead of separate like every other Pho place we've been toHad a good experience here! Service was quick and attentive, and the pho and spring rolls were good! Would probably come back again when craving pho on a cold or rainy day.. would recommend for those wanting pho in Manayunk!After walking around the Manyunk Arts Festival, we stopped in to Main Street Pho for some lunch and it was like walking into an authentic shop in Saigon.  The drinks were delicious - I have the Mango Tea - and my meal of Grilled Chicken and Vermicelli was as good as I've ever eaten which includes street food in Viet Nam!
I highly recommend Main Street Pho and thinking about dinner there one night this week to explore more of the menu.I ordered two spring rolls. 
One of the worst spring rolls ive ever had. 
Usually in spring rolls, you put meat along with shrimp and other veges. This is the only restaurant ive been to that didnt put meat. The price for two was five. I dont know if thats significantly cheaper than most places but they were below mediocre.I've been here a couple times and never actually left a review. Which surprised me as I try to leave good reviews (too often restaurants are brought down because most reviews come from dissatisfied customers)
I've had a variety from their menu, both pho as well as their apps and entrees, and all have tasted delicious. It's affordable and the wait staff is awesome as well. Place is small, but they turn tables quickly, so the wait is rarely long. 
Absolute gem of a place, you should definitely check it out.The bf and I are kicking ourselves for waiting so long to try this place out!! We were both so excited that it opened but we waited for a cold rainy Sunday to come here.
We were greeted and seated immediately. There are only 10 tables or so but they move fast and even if they were full I don't think we'd have waited long. 
We ordered steamed dumplings to share, spicy lemongrass chicken and a pork pho special. The food literally came out in 5min it was incredibly fast. Our waitress was spot on by telling me the lemongrass dish has a nice mild kick! 
The pho was flavorful and large and they had sauces at the table to add to it. All portions were more than generous and we took some of each entree home. 
Overall the meal was delicious and very affordable for the amount and quality of food! We left full and happy and the service was friendly throughout. We will be back often and are so happy to add this to our list of "go-to's"So happy to have a good pho place in the are! Been here twice and have loved the beef brisket pho. Can't wait to go backIt's pretty decent place- overall. Broth is pretty decent, clean. If day food is 8/10 overall. I think they recently renovated this place too! Worth checking out.What a pleasant little place!
My friend and I stopped by late in the evening for dinner and I was extremely surprised by how nice everyone was. I told the waitress that this was my first time trying pho after she gave me my order and she was so sweet about it- giving me recommendations and showing me what to do. Eventually the owner came to speak to us and seemed genuinely interested in our stories. He told us how he got the place started and the atmosphere of the place was just really nice overall.
The pho tasted good (though I have nothing to compare it to), the spring rolls were tasty, and the chicken was delicious. 
Would definitely recommend if you're looking for a casual place to eat! They definitely know how to treat customers right. I hope to stop by there again one day.Ordered for delivery for the first time. Won't be the last. Very attentive to details of the order. Everything arrived well packaged and quickly. 
I've only had pho a handful of times. And this is easily one of the top two. Make sure to give this place a shot.Good. Solid. Filling. Light atmosphere, attentive staff and decently priced. Best for when it's cold outside. Street parking is horrendous but its Main Street so what do you expect. Small menu but good broth which makes everything good. The spring rolls are decent but they tend to rely on the wrong fresh elements too much. Not amazing but not disappointing. May not frequent but will definitely go again.Only 2 stars... maybe I've become spoiled by Pho Ha on Washington Ave. but this place is lacking. Lacking hospitality, lacking space and lacking flavor! I had the vegetarian spring rolls to start. They had an interesting crispness but void of any real taste inside. I had to douse them in sweet chili sauce. Next I had the beef Pho with rice noodles. Again, not exactly bursting with flavor, more like falling flat without flair. My friend added everything in the restaurant that wasn't nailed down just so he could eat it, AND HE EATS EVERYTHING!!! I won't be returning to this travesty but the other customers seemed to enjoy it. If you are trying to impress someone, do it elsewhere.THE BEST PHO PLACE EVER!!! My roommate and I are "regulars" here - the broth and pho are delicious, the steamed dumplings are amazing and the service is the best!! They are so friendly! If you need good pho this is 110% the place to go!I love pho, so my husband brought me here for my birthday. I got the raw beef eye round pho, which was just okay. Compared to other pho places, the serving was small, the beef was a bit tougher, and the broth was no where near as flavorful. The broth makes or breaks a pho. It's disappointing since it's the closest pho places to us.Phó here is good and clean but 5 dollars for a can of sparkling water??? Literally robbing people for their money.Decent broth. Wish they had more of a variety of beef- fatty tenderloin, cartridge, tripe etcLoved it! Finally had a chance to try this gem on main and were very pleased. We tried the shrimp/pork steamed dumplings which were delish. Also tried one of their daily specials- egg noodles with pork and chicken and loved it! Pretty decent pricing for the portions! The service was quick and the staff was extremely friendly. We will definitely be back!I've been here a few times but I only eat plain pho, which is not advertised on the menu. This time when I called, I was charged for a beef pho. I asked why and was told that I'm given more noodles in a plain pho (which was never true in the past, nor was it true this time). I told her how much I was charged in the past and the woman on the phone got very upset, but she said that she would honor my rate. She did not, and I did not get more noodles as promised. In fact, I got less of everything than I ever have before. I will not be returning because of her poor attitude, the change in price and the skimpy contents in my to-go containers.I was looking for a pho place in Manayunk and this place came right up. It's pretty new so I hadn't hear too much about it from anyone. It has a welcoming storefront and charming dining area. I got the pho special, without the beef balls (yuck). Instead I substituted those with some bok choy. It came out piping hot within a few minutes, and had the customary additions of basil, bean sprouts, jalapeño, and lime. As far as pho goes, it tastes pretty identical to many other ones I've had, which isn't a bad thing by any means. Just prevents the 5-star rating. Will definitely go back here in the colder months- it hits the spot on a frigid winter day.I was disappointed with my last visit. The pho broth was weak, it didnt have all the meats in the soup that were listed in the menu description and what was there was very meager.  I didnt receive Hoison sauce or sriracha in my takeout bag (ordered it to go).I love this place!! As a pho newbie, the waitress was very helpful with her recommendations. We had fried dumplings and spring rolls as our appetizer, then both got the beef brisket Pho. The broth needed a bit of Siracha and hoisin sauce, but after that it was great. We went around 5:45/6 and as we were leaving there were no open tables, so go early for quicker service.On a cold Fall night, F and I were looking for something to warm and fill our bellies...Main Street Pho to the rescue.
When we walked in many tables were taken for so late in the evening, a good sign.
Our servers were very sweet and helpful. F and I both ordered Pho, but two different ones. Both were delicious.
As we enjoyed our meal and the night got later, the crowd thinned until we were the only couple. But, we never felt rushed or uncomfortable. In fact, the opposite. We were able to chat with the lovely servers which made the evening even more enjoyable.
We will be back when we are in town.Excellent! I had the chicken broth/wonton soup. It was exactly what I needed for my cold. The staff was friendly and attentive and the soup was delicious. The broth is richer than other Pho Ga that I've had, but it was so tasty. Love having an option for Vietnamese food on Main St. Will be back!My boyfriend and I have been here a few times. The service is always so friendly & so fast. We really appreciate how nice everyone we've interacted with is. The raw beef eye round pho is just so good. I was worried to order anything that says "raw" but just look at the picture if you haven't had it before. Their shrimp spring rolls we've gotten every time, and they keep getting better. The owner said the steamed chicken dumplings are the best, we tried them and he was right! We are so happy to have a great Pho spot in Manayunk!Food is okay. 
I walked in and thought the place had a good vibe, and it was packed! I saw and heard viet people in the back so thought this place should be alright and was thrown off by a menu that didn't have any viet on it (I'm viet and know my dishes better in viet compared to English) 
My gf and I started off with spring rolls and egg rolls. The rolls were decent, good if you've never had viet food. The peanut sauce (given with the spring rolls) was watery and had no flavor to it - it'd probably taste better with some fish sauce instead. The sweet chili sauce (given with the egg rolls) was really good, I overheard that one of the servers makes it herself. 
We both had the beef pho special and it was decent even though the broth tasted more like chicken than beef. I enjoyed it but there are places in Chinatown and south philly that's better. There wasn't too much meat (enough I guess) but there was a good amount of noodles though which I appreciated. 
Overall, not bad but definitely not the place to go if you want authentic viet food. The only thing about this place that irked me is when a Viet gentlemen presented my bowl, he said "pho" in the most American accent possible. I know it's being nit-picky but the least they could do is respect our culture and pronounce it properly.Love the food. Bahn Mi was a nice crispy roll, picked vegetables as a twist on the usual fresh vegetables was good. Very pleasant service, nice decor.This review is only for the Vietnamese iced coffee! It's amazing for all the real coffee lovers. It came sweetened with milk(I usually don't sweeten mine) but it tasted so good! I just had them add a little extra coffee and it was perfect! I hate waiting until they open at 11 to get it though!!I visited the cozy restaurant with a few friends and had a great experience. We started with a few of the Crispy Spring Rolls and Fresh Summer Rolls. The rolls tasted very fresh. I really enjoy the peanut sauce  with my soft rolls. We ordered a few items off the menu and shared them. They were all great. We had some Shrimp fried rice and it was hot and fresh with just the right amount of seasoning. We also had 2 of the platters with white rice. We all enjoyed the Grilled Pork platter we added a Crispy Spring roll for a little extra, and The combo platter, which was nice to get a variety. Again we had the peanut sauce and some of the fish sauce to go with it. As we were paying we were advised they just started selling Banh mi, and I'm a sucker for these sandwiches so I took a few for the road. I'll go back next time I'm in town for sure!!! If anything I wish I had a little more ice in my drink.Place was packed with hungry diners on Saturday night. All tables were filled but they turned fast. We were in and out with four people with apps, mains and a to go order within 45 minutes. Everything was delicious. Service was excellent and friendly. I wish it was closer because I'd go there all the time. Great place for dinner, lunch, date, or take out! We had steamed dumplings with pork and shrimp, crispy spring rolls, crispy wonton and shrimp fried rice, special beef pho and fried tofu in a clay pot. Everything was really great. Give this place a try.Quick, delicious high quality takeout at a reasonable price. The vegetable pho was so flavorful, delicious and hot on a cool snowy nightAmazing!  The tofu and veggie pho are great!  The texture of the tofu and the seasoning of the broth are perfect.  They have a big bottle of hoisin sauce on each table to drizzle over your pho for extra salty sweet flavor.
If you love tofu make sure you try the fried tofu app. It is well worth it with a delicious peanut sauce.  
I can't wait to go back and try their other delicious vegan non-pho dishes.So I'm Vietnamese and not gonna lie, but this was a strange pho. It's not bad and it's a little too sweet, but it's definitely an outlying strain from the usual flavor. I got the classic beef but I definitely wouldn't call this Vietnamese pho. Maybe Vietnamese fusion.
Got it to-go and it's a bit pricey for what you get. A few bits of beef and a small portion of sprouts. I was telling my co-workers that their to-go containers were interesting cuz in California, we get to-go bowls. Not this weird styrofoam container and weird long container.Main Street Pho is phonomenal ;) Seriously, the food is fantastic. Two out of the three times that I dined at Main Street Pho, I ordered the brisket Pho. I couldn't be more pleased with how the dish came out. I ordered it with vegetable broth and rice noodles, and every thing was extremely flavorful.  I honestly wish that I could give this restaurant a 10 star rating! Not only is the food on point, the staff is incredible. They really go above and beyond. I had the same waitress twice, and she remembered that I liked the tea from the last time, so before I left the restaurant, she gave me the tea in a to-go cup (This is the only place where I actually enjoy drinking tea). The staff seem to really enjoy what they do, and they make the dining experience so much fun! I will definitely be going back for a fourth and fifth time.I am a self proclaimed lover of Pho. Main St Pho is a well needed, authentic, and refreshing breath of fresh air from all the bars in Manayunk. Great value and quality pho. This is a close second to Nam Phung in Center City.Finally a Vietnamese restaurant in Manayunk! Came for the grand opening and the service is fast and the food is on-point. Delicious steak and flavorful brisket pho - the broth is good and ingredients are fresh. My girlfriend (who is Vietnamese :) ordered the pork chop vermicelli - and we both felt that was flavored well! She did note that fish sauce was watered down compared to what is traditionally served. We also got bubble tea - which she really enjoyed , and the Vietnamese coffee, which I felt lacked some sweetness but was overall good. Will definitely be back here again ! We also really enjoyed the shrimp summer rolls.I was excited to try this place since I love Vietnamese food and this place is very close. I ordered the crispy spring rolls and grilled pork Bahn mi sandwich.  The sweet sauce for the crispy rolls were good but the pork inside the roll tasted strange.  The bahn mi sandwich is on the small end. The bread is nice and crispy but there is very little sauce with minimal pickled vegetables. I have to say the sandwich was gross when it came to the pork. It had a very porky taste and I've never tasted something like that at any other Vietnamese places. I could not finish the sandwich due to the strong strange flavor on the meat.   I'm willing to try the Pho but will certainly try beef instead. Hopefully, my return is a lot better since I always wish for new places to succeed.Been here eat in and eat out; both superb!  Prices are very reasonable and BYOB sweetens things a bit.  The ambience for eat in could be improved by the quality of the food is top notch!I love a good pho and I'm always in search of the sublime. 
On a recent trip to Philly, my long-time-since-6th-grade BFF informed me that our old favorite Pho Hoa spot in South Phila had closed. She'd seen reviews for this spot in Manayunk. My grandmother was a 'Yunker so I always feel at home in that part of the PHL. Let's go! 
My usual order of summer rolls & Pho Tai. Pretty damn good. The waitress was soft spoken when repeating our order, but everything came out as expected. The broth was great and a healthy portion of meat. 
If you're in love with the pho, you won't be disappointed for this part of town.As a vegetarian, I thought this place would be a good option. Since then menu states clearly that it has vegetarian broth I thought I was safe!  Unfortunately, this place has officially scared me away
The service here was really great and polite. I ordered the fried vegetable dumplings (I wanted steamed but that wasn't an option) vegetarian pho special. 
The dumplings came out at the same time as out pho (our companions appetizer came out way ahead of their pho). They fried dumplings were gross, fried so that the dumplings were crumbly not crispy. 
The pho tasty great and I like all the toppings they give you. My problem is that when the bill came out showed vegetable pho special sub beef broth. I NEVER asked for beef broth and as a vegetarian for the past ten years I was really upset. I tipped my 20% and left. Even if I said something to them it would be too late.
So to all the vegetarians and vegans out there, be warned! I would not trust this place and would not recommend it to anyone.
EDIT: I updated the review to give them one star back since they refunded my meal. I do appreciate that. I still would be wary coming here.My favorite pho joint outside of philly. 
I usually swing in for some take out. I've ordered the Brisket Pho, Beef Noodle Stew w/ Egg Noodle, Rice dish w/ bbq pork, and the beef wrapped in grape leaves. Most of these were great. 
For the beef noodle soup, the egg noodle is a pass, get it with pho noodle. They provide a generous serving of beef chunks that are super tender and delicious. The pho is great with a good tasting broth. Noodles are good. Brisket is so so. Beef w/ grape leaves are chewy and delicious. Rice w/ bbq pork is good too, but go for the pho.My wife and I had the summer rolls, which were amazing!  We both had the beef Pho (first time) and it was good. The broth was tasty.Been meaning to check this place out. First time experience for my boyfriend to try pho, was excited for him. Food was ok. They were very polite. Half way through eating pho, I found a fake eyelash with glue intact. The server was accommodating and tried to offer another bowl of pho. But after seeing that I just lost my appetite. They compt half of our bill ...  but we probably wouldn't eat there again :(Not sure if the people giving this place 4 or 5 star reviews, have ever had Pho, but it was quite awful. The service was lovely, but the food was subpar. The Pho was bland and reminiscent of Oodles & Noodles. The pork dumplings were flavorless and fried too hard.  The crispy spring roll platter was the best thing we had, and it was mediocre at best. The coffee was awful and served in a glass half full. The menu needs to be revamped- wasted money.We got steamed dumplings as an app and seafood and pork pho as the meal. All were delicious. The pork was very well cooked and extremely flavorful.This is my favorite Pho place. It's so good! What a treat. I am planning on ordering regularly during the close down to make sure they can weather it.I was so excited to finally have a vietnamese place in manayunk but I wish there was more flavor in the vermicelli bowl.... the fish sauce didn't have any kick and tasted watered down...I won't order it again. I also got the pho.  The brisket was tender and tasty but the broth was not the best I've ever had.  I'll stick with the vietnamese that's 30 minutes from home. Overall I'm disappointed that my go to menu items are just meh.