We just moved to the neighborhood. Malelani Cafe is two blocks away. I have eaten here 3 times. I had a gyro, a breakfast sandwich and a shawarma. My wife had French toast the one time she went with me. Each meal was really outstanding. The place is pretty informal. They feature local art and live music. The staff is outgoing and friendly. It is a popular local spot but never crowded. This will be a regular place for us.This small quaint spot on the corner was a tasty stop on our visit to Germantown. The owners and staff were awesome and friendly. They made sure we were satisfied and full! They even brought us out some of their special herbal ice tea. They have definitely made return customers out of us!!Five stars for food, atmosphere and live music.  Best food for the price, hands down. A step above usual Mediterranean cuisine. The hummus is denser and more flavorful than any hummus I have tasted. The platters are thoughtfully prepared with special touches on the plate liked pieces of fried eggplant or fried cheese. Highly recommend the chicken shwarma and the vegetable platter. The cafe itself is warm and the owner, George, is very welcoming. The walls are brightly painted and filled with art. The best thing about Malelani Cafe is live music. It is one of the few places in Philadelphia with no admission charge and a cool variety of live music. Musicians should check out the Thursday night open mike. A fun and lively neighborhood place with great food! Open for lunch and dinner.Hidden gem!! We were hesitant when we walked in because the place was empty when we got there. We were immediately welcomed by the staff, the menu and drinks came right away. And they were very helpful and accommodating when it came to the menu. We came here for brunch and the food options for brunch were limited. But everything on the menu was available to order. I had a vegan platter; everything on the platter was delish. Everyone in my party enjoyed their food. I will come back!!Great place to come for a bite to eat. Very diverse menu with an emphasis on Mediterranean specialities. Exotic choices for tea, and great coffee /cappuccino. Live music on weekends.  A great place to chill, drink and imbibe on the earth's abundance.  Stopped by yesterday at 4:20.  What a blast!!!My friend and I went here today for lunch. The cafe is convered in art and felt very welcoming. There's a cafe space and more seating for eating in a separate room. 
They only had one menu that day. Apparently they're changing food and ordering more menus. It's a good thing we were the only ones in there or else we'd have to share with the other tables. They didn't have soup that day, or regular coke. This is definitely a quirky place!
Hummus platter: hummus is homemade. Not the typical creamy kind, more chunky and drier. Pita served warm. Feta cheese and kalamata olives were fresh and delicious. 
Halloumi salad: MUST try. The Halloumi cheese was so fresh and smoky. Delicious. 
Try the infused teas. Particularly liked the roobus chai tea. 
Will return!This has become one of my favorite places.  Everything I've had here has been good. I have a friend who's also a model, and we always come here when she visits me. The staff are always really friendly. We stopped in the other day just for tea (their teas and Yerba Mates are really delicious) and ended up ordering their "rice krispie french toast", which was actually pita bread with cinnamon and rice krispies on it, with a bowl of strawberry yogurt to dunk it in. It was delicious and seemed really healthy.
I want to come back for the drum circle on Tuesdays! 
It's also a great place to take a date.We went to the original Malelani Cafe in Atlantic City over a year ago and thought it was a stellar spot.  At that time, we spoke to the owner, George, about how he was coming to Philly to open another spot.  Seasons changed, the moon and sun played their seductive dance hundreds of times, and time washed this pleasant memory into a faded reverie.
Well, serendipity smiled as our paths crossed again!  This cafe is blessed with intimate space, compelling artwork, and flavorful dishes.  I had a Mediterranean Chicken Wrap, which was very filling after making the swift rounds on a hot, humid, briefly torrential day.  Decent price, but that wasn't the half of it. Our entrees were fresh, fresh, fresh!!  I'm no organic nut, but Malelani's entrees are delightfully healthy.
George is a true pro whom takes pride in the teas he brews and lovely beverages he conjures.  Definitely come in here to get away from the Starbucks crowd and engage in an amiable conversation with somebody new!Love this place. The food is so fresh and yummy. I wasn't a fan of Dill, but Nick swore that dill is the only herb that worked in his special sauce for one of the sandwiches and now that is one of my favorite ones (Mediterrean Chicken Wrap). The homemade humas is the best. and they even surprise you with some new things on the side sometimes. Love their tea varieties as well. going there around 3 or 4 for a late lunch with my laptop to work and eat is a treat. The place feels more like their house than a cafe but that is the charm of it.  .I am so excited that my favorite Ventnor cafe is now in Mount Airy! Teas are to die for and haloumi salad is the freshest salad on the planet! Great local spot.Nate is very friendly and makes delicious food! Good atmosphere, quirky cafe, and fun live music. Locals should consider making this a regular spot.I can't speak highly enough of Malelani. It's my #1 spot to recommend to anyone who's recently moved to the area (or for any other reason has never been!) George and Nate are incredibly charismatic, caring hosts, and the food is always delicious. Wonderful place for both my stomach and soulThis restaurant is such a hidden gem in the neighborhood. I just discovered it about a month ago and I am so happy. I love mediterranean/greek food and this place does not disappoint. They serve the kind of food that just feels good when you eat it. It's flavorful, colorful, healthy, and just all around great. The 2 guys (owners?) are so sweet and helpful, I can tell that they love what they do and they want to make each customer happy and satisfied. Definitely check it out if you are in the area.We had seen this restaurant but never went in,until one day we were starving and decided to try it. So glad we did ! We're vegans and get annoyed of not having options in the area. But the owner was so warm and inviting. He came and walked us through the menu and accommodated our diet. He brought the food out to us and explained all the items to us. It was such a great experience! We love this place and definitely will be back!Stopped here for the open mic, have an herbal  tea. 
Open mic hadn't started, owner, George was friendly and accommodating. 
Small menu, but a nice variety. Friendly neighborhood  people.Nice little place, food was very good, I had the Mediterranean chicken wrap, my wife had the Chipotle chicken wrap, both were excellent. Fresh brewed teas and coffee also great. As a bonus, we were in on a Saturday when they had live music. Definitely check this place outThe food here is good and generously portioned so come hungry (the reason you should show up after all).  Support this local business!  It's a great addition to the community and I hope to see then thrive!Love this place. The food, coffee and tea are great and the owners are super accommodating. They care about providing accessible, high quality food to the community. They also let us dive into their vinyl collection and play whatever we liked. Definitely a gem of a spot.Why did I take so long to try this place? The staff (owner?) is friendly, the food is lovely. My dolma platter was very good. I'm not normally a big fan of hummus but this was fresh, lots of texture and as garlicky as anyone could want with perfectly grilled, perfectly fresh pita. Nice fresh veggies, delicious haloumi (pan fried white cheese--yum!). I knew a few minutes after I sat down it would be a new favorite.I always ask Nathaniel to just make me a platter. It's always good. Fresh veggies. Hummus. Cheese. Pita. Dolmadas. Fresh protein that day. It's never the same thing. I had the coconut lentil soup which was great. Not heavy, just right. Give it try.I came here a little over a week ago with a friend who lives in the area and had wanted to check the place out.  I don't think I've ever gone wrong in Mt. Airy or Chestnut Hill, so I had high expectations.  Malelani Cafe, with all of its quirk, did not disappoint.
The space is small, and not very heavily decorated.  They have artwork from I believe local artists hung around the space that is available for purchase.  They also have all the stuff for live music (including a microphone right in the middle of the floor) because they have performances during certain evenings.  (I don't know why they wouldn't want to remove the microphone and everything else and move it to the back in favor of more tables, but maybe they want a demonstrative to show that live music is a part of their vibe.)  When we got there we were confused and had very little direction.  Evidently they were in the middle of a menu switchover so there was literally 1 menu in the entire place, which was just a laminated piece of paper.  1 menu for the entire restaurant.  Hopefully that's not the norm, though I don't think it is.
We were served complimentary pita with hummus, alongside chilled brewed teas, both which appear to be a specialty.  The teas were delicious.  There was one that I think was passion fruit and it tasted like a healthier, less sugary Kool Aid.  They were also served in wine glasses which is legitimately a nice touch!!  The hummus was very tasty, as well.  Being clearly homemade it was chunky with big pieces of chick pea.  I love hummus but oddly enough hate chick peas in their full pea form, so I kind of ate around that, but I know I'm an oddball.  The hummus is delish, just know it's not supermarket creamy (because it's processed by a real live human and not a machine).
As our entrees we both ordered the halloumi salad.  Here's all you need to know about halloumi cheese: it's friggin delicious.  The salad comes with baked halloumi, sliced avocado, tomato, cucumber, onion, and croutons over romaine with warm multi grain pita.  This salad was absolute perfection.  Also I am now perpetually hungry for halloumi (seriously, you can ask my husband).  I hope (and highly recommend) that as they change the menu around they leave this on there because this is an A+ home run salad.
Malelani is like a diamond in the rough.  There's food for everyone.  On a diet?  There's something for you.  Vegetarian or vegan?  There's something for you.  A full blown carnivore?  There's something for you, too.  With the existing menu it's highly Mediterranean (they had moussaka, gyros, spanakopita, etc.) but also a lot of delicious sounding American sandwiches and paninis.  Also their coffee and tea selections are nearly unmatched.  This place has enough of a cool, independent, hipster vibe that they could easily thrive in neighborhoods like Northern Liberties or Fishtown, but the fact that their home base is in Mt. Airy makes them even cooler.  And the owner is SO passionate!  He talked on and on about his restaurant, the food, the music, and I was totally energized by his energy.  I think they will succeed because he care so much about ensuring that it does.  So definitely give this place a shot the next time you're in town.  It's a little bit of a hidden gem.They were out of so many items on the menu that we had a hard time ordering. No hummus, lox, falafel, gyro meat and more. Dishes which came out were different than what was listed on the menu because they were out of so many things. Would not return nor recommend. Food they did have was decent.To say that this place is incredible is say nothing!  They rock! In everything! Starting from delicious homemade food, with authentic Mediterranean  dishes served at their best to the owner who is one of the most welcoming man I know! He loves great food and he knows how to make it! 
There is great live music every weekend and always changing arts  on the walls. Design is simple, creative and bright. 
I visited their first location in Ventnor, NJ often (same name), fortunately for me than I moved,  they opened up in Philly area. In both locations I've  never got food or drink I didn't like, in addition, George or his employees  will make sure they did everything to help you enjoy your meal. 
Plates are big and food is filling, they serve leaf tea and illy coffee, amazing ice tea and all other tasty beverages. My personal favorite is halloumi cheese salad. This grilled cheese is banging! 
In conclusion, I'll  say that I brought a lot 9f my friends there and all of them (without lying) fell in love with this place and it's  atmosphere. 
P.s. also they start growing their own veggiesThis place is AMAZING! Great food, great service, and great atmosphere! This place has beautiful art and decorations too! This place is the right place for you!This is a wonderful café with great Middle Eastern food beautifully prepared. Coffee and tea choices are excellent as well.  The owner is friendly and often comes to your table for a chat, and he hosts live music and open mic nights every week. A hidden gem on Germantown Ave!So yummy!  Our kitchen is being remodeled so I had to venture out and check out new eateries.  This place is just what we need in Uptown! Delicious, healthy Mediterranean cuisine.Shawarma, gyro, and the chipotle chicken panini are highlights here for us non-vegetarians. And, as a non coffee drinker, the bounty of tea means you can try something new each visit. 
Everything is fresh and served with a friendly greeting. I look forward to outdoor seating when it warms up.Malelani is a funny little place.  Kind of a dive -- seat yourself, wait a spell for someone to notice you, and not enough menus for the 8 people in the house that night.  The owner comes to wait your table and explain that only about half the stuff on the menu is available that night.  So we are not talking high end dining here.  But.... the live music from local artists; the tasty and uniquely spiced food offerings; and the overall "get out of your house and into your neighborhood businesses" vibe makes this a really neat place to get a cheap meal and get a flavor for the Mt. Airy neighborhood.  
We had a veggie falafel platter that had 5 or 6 items, including roasted cauliflower; sauteed spinach and mushrooms; house-made falafel that was really excellent, and hummus (among other things).  The beef shwarma pita was excellent also.  Owners George and Nathaniel were affable and friendly, engaged my kids, and kept checking to make sure we were enjoying our meal. 
As long as you know what you are going in for, this is a real treat.  We will go back.Obsessed! Their food is always delicious and fresh. The workers are friendly and the atmosphere is welcoming. Cute little shop.I was just looking for a cafe to do work around Germantown and this place popped up on yelp. I asked for the owner's reputation for food and tea. I ended up getting a mixed platter and mango mate tea. The platter looked beautiful with the assortment of hummuses, tomatoes, onions, potatoes and other things I can't remember. It was also delicious. The pita was crispy and soft, hummus was super creamy and smooth and everything was seasoned well. The mango mate was a blend of fruity, earthy and rich. Would definitely recommend coming here. It's a lot of food for a good price, also healthy. It's also a nice space to do work. Additionally the owner was very friendly and helpful. Street parking is available.great food, including veggie options, and good drinks incluiding juices and coffee. BYOB as well.  live music & open mic (on Thursdays 7 to 10 p.m.).  go there for lunch or dinner.  Say hi to George or NateThis spot is great! Owners are chill and vibe is so Mt. Airy. So nice to have a creative space with wonderful food in the hood.Great place for lunch!  At first we thought it was a bit strange they didn't have any meat except chicken on the menu, but the chicken gyro was delicious, as was the chicken swarma!  We also got the spanakopita, which was rolled into a cinnamon bun shape and very tasty. They also gave us free samples of hummus and falafel, which were unique and delicious.  We will definitely be going back!My friend and I came in around 7:30 on a weekday night. We knew they closed soon and were planning on ordering coffee drinks to go. The owner named George immediately came over to us and invited us to sit down. He saw it was our first time in so he explain all their drinks (which are extensive). I was blown away by the choices. They have a variety of teas which they order from Colorado and coffee drinks to choose from.
We also ordered the lemon lentil soup, which was delicious. It is vegan and reminded me of a creamy chicken noodle soup.
Upon leaving George explained how they are relatively new to the city and are trying to reach out to the community. They have Open Mic during the week and feature local artists' paintings and sculptures. 
Overall this is a wonderful place filled with delicious food and friendly staffAwesome place and awesome two guys who own it. Food is great and the atmosphere is laid back. I love their hummus plates and variety of speciality teas that they put together. Highly recommend any night of the week!Outstanding restaurant. They will do whatever it takes to make you happy, and all priced very well. Assortment of tea is top-notch, if you like that sort of thing. Menu is already a great selection of Levantine dishes, but I've seen that they are willing to make pretty much anything you ask as long as they have the ingredients. Great food to satisfy that Middle-Eastern itch. 
Definitely a place worth checking out!I called in to see if they had soup for the day. It was within an hour of closing, and I was told they did not have any but they would prepare a bowl just so I could pick it up. Incredibly kind! =)Randomly yelped this place for a business lunch. Absolutely delicious. Very warm and inviting atmosphere. Food was unbelievable. We ordered waters, however they brought us tea as they're a "tea house" which really a great experience. Also brought us samples of fried cheese. Hipster environment, good music, interesting art, can't beat the food. Definitely will be returning to try their espressos.Great and friendly local place.  We enjoyed the hummus and pita platter, and cabbage and beet borscht was worthy of my bubbe.  Kids love the croissant with banana and nutella and who could blame them.George and his staff have such a wonderful place!  I stopped in for some coffee and was welcomed by a guitarist in the corner, a fantastically friendly staff, and a menu that was thisclose to making me skip a lunch party.  Their brunch menu looked delicious!  The dolmathes that were being expertly crafted reminded me of those I had in Greece (and my mother used to make).  
If you are lucky enough to live nearby, you must go!Great local place for coffee, tea and their namesake shake is wonderful. We tried the gyro and shwarma. They were made with chicken and didn't have enough flavor. They served us a very nice appetizer plate with great peppers, humus and olivesWent there for lunch several times. Very nice place! Food is always tasty and fresh!
Definitely recommend it.These guys are awesome. They really put their heart and soul into what they do and it truly shows. Stop in and find out. Also they offer complimentary Garbage Pale Kids. Open ten days a week, man!First time there tonight,  got some takeout and it was so good. The hummus,warm pita, and lovely feta, plus fresh veggies, everything was really delicious.  I'll be back for sureI am all about my neighborhood and the people and places that make it great, and this li'l gem right here will do a body good. 
Every time I walk in here--which I'll admit isn't often enough because I'm a tad absentminded sometimes--it's fantastic. The dudes (at least there are always 2 when I go in) are always so dang happy to see you and offer up super friendly and great service. 
I've sampled some breakfast, a couple of paninis and the shwarma. After reading some other reviews I now know I have to go back for the teas (!), but the coffee (Illy) is outstanding. 
There are lots of reasons to go back though. The menu is pretty simple which, in my opinion, puts the focus on doing certain foods and beverages very, very well. I'd never had a shwarma before, but the blend of flavors and freshness put me in a very happy and satiated place. 
The atmosphere lulls you in the best way. The dudes are chill and happy--even when it's hectic--and that lends itself to the environment. Everyone is just happy to be there; happy to say hello to faces new and old; happy to have such a great, chill spot to call home for a quick snack, a meal or a jam session. If you need some solid sustenance and some sunshine in your life, get yourself on in here.Great food. Lovely staff. Nice atmosphere. Hope they can stay in business at this location. They are a lovely addition to the neighborhood. Really tasty Mediterranean food.To start off George is the most friendly person I have met he talked to my son who is five like he knew him for years. I loved the food the first 4 times I went the last 2 were not so good and i took my daughter and she was upset because I raved so much about it and it was such a disappointment. I will try them again its just a fun everybody knows your name type placeKind of a strange place...stopped in for lunch and was the only person there except for 2 employees who spent most of their time watching computer videos.  Ordered the stuffed grape leaves platter w halloumi cheese.  It was a good amount of food but the guy who gave it to me seemed to arbitrarily add items not on the menu.  When he saw me checking the menu he said "oh we were out of some things so I just gave you a bunch of other stuff".  Some of it, like the greens, was good, but other unidentifiable mush, not so much.  Probably a fun place at night but I'd skip it for lunch.Very central. The colors are gorgeous in the cafe itself. Laid back. The owner approached me right away. He made some suggestions about drinks. I got an iced cappuccino. I figured hey you can only go so wrong on this. I didn't realize how RIGHT you can go this. I took a sip and it was on!!! So delicious. This is now my little go to place when I visit Philly. Next time I'll try some eats. (I will wait for  eating before I go five stars.)Fantastic food at a great price! I ordered a salmon wrap which came with an awesome side salad for $10. I def have to check out open mic here. Where else can you eat and have a musical instruments in the corner? Wish I had a place like this in my neighborhood.Great place, friendly staff. We been around the area for 4 days visiting a friend. We have been to Malelani everyday.  The breakfast sandwich are delicious. Also try the croissant with banana and Nutella.I drive to pa from NYC just to eat here.
Food is excellent 
Staff is personally taking care of you.
Don't miss this place.Stopped in as I was apartment hunting down the street. One person working there hand delivered my iced coffee and carrot cake and made my stay relaxed. Free refills on iced coffee, in a mason jar which is always awesome to see. The inside isn't the coziest but the coffee and cake were great! Friendly service, good coffee, and the ipad cash register makes check out and giving tips easy. Would  definitely recommend this place. I'll be heading there again for sure.Friendly service and great food ( I ordered the Greek salad, delicious tea, and Even food to go :):) thank you for your service . Will be telling my colleagues and I think I will be coming by more!Moussaka.  Fantastic!   First time in.  Looking forward to going back and trying more.  Nice people.I'm just going to be straightforward regarding Malelani: great tea, decent eats, stoner staff. To address each of these points, I'll preface by saying I have been here on two occasions and had identical experiences on both. 
They source their tea from Pekoe Sip House and most of it is organic loose leaf. As a self proclaimed tea connoisseur I like to believe I'm justified in testifying that they have a rather large selection of "premium" teas. Of these teas, I enjoy the Matcha and Yerba Maté. (Although, I don't believe there is a bad pick.)
The decor is bright and reminds me of art-deco Jamaican-style. We're talking Marigold orange walls, a cycling feature of local artists' work prominently displayed, and mosaics juxtaposed with announcements about local events. They regularly host musicians and I can't speak to what these events are like, but it appears to be a BYOB accommodating venue.
As for the food, the menu isn't extravagant and is fairly priced. Breakfast is available all day, which serves as a plus in my book. The chili and moussaka are also "on point." I have had an opportunity to try their 6 Nut Chocolate Chip cookies as last time I was in they had a freshly baked batch. If you get a chance, eat a dozen. They might be the best cookie of the decade! Seriously...
Now, onto the staff. I personally haven't touched a drink or drug in a couple of years, but this feels like the place you can go for a beer, a blunt, and a bacon croissant. I've had 3 different servers and all of them have that "California Bro" demeanor. Just expect that they'll be friendly to you, and are probably more baked than the brownies they also sell. If that type of person bothers you, frequent another joint. 
So overall, come prepared for a leisurely dining experience. Feel free to sit back, enjoy the music, sip your tea slowly, and converse with some happy hippies.Good food, nice people. He actually went out to his garden to get produce for our meal. Hard to ask for more than that.Great food, large portions, and ... rooibos tea!Our friend has raved about this coffee house and restaurant for over a year and we finally went there. The  owner, George couldn't have been more welcoming. There was an interesting small selection of teas as well as coffee. We had the moussaka with a  Greek salad. We also tried a few of his Greek side dishes. All was very tasty and fresh. The shop itself is  in transition... George has fine plans for his double store front place. It is very unassuming but he focuses on the food, drinks and offering a place for local artists to perform at the Open Mic.The food was amazing we ordered the Greek and Mediterranean salad. They both amazing. The pickled onions were delicious! George was very personable and gracious.Great addition to the area.  I hope to see this stretch of German town ave develop.  It's weird that mt airy didn't have a Mediterranean option before. They serve very high quality coffee and tea  products.  So far we have tried the grape leaves, blintz's and several sandwiches.  All were very good.  Owners are very nice and they seem to be child friendly.  They have live music third through Saturday.  Glad to have them in mt airy!The owner George is super sweet. The food was amazing! I got the medi-chicken pita...and oh my...it was delicious! All the different spices and flavors created a party in my mouth. First time here, but I'll definitely be back!This place has incredibly good healthy food and giant portions. Kid friendly, very friendly staff. Moussaka, falafel, veggie platter, pretty much anything will be delicious. Delectable dolmas. Vegan is easy to do. If you're lucky in fall or winter you'll get a baked sweet potato on your platter. Great tea for your tea date.Holy flavors!!! I'm so glad I was finally able to try this place. I ordered on Doordash. 
I got the Dolma platter. I added a photo of what is supposed to come with the platter. I'm not really sure what I got. I ended up getting a lot more than what was listed. I was also missing olives, which kinda bums me out because I love olives. 
Anyways... umm, so yeah, this place is a great place to go if you're looking for flavorful hummus and a plethora of other dips. 
The tzatziki dip is hands down my favorite from any place I have ever tried. 
The stuffed grape leaves were very fresh, not oily. The leaves were still crunchy. I hate when they evaporate in my mouth, so I was relieved to find that they were fresh and firm. 
I don't know if I would recommend getting takeout or at least not delivery. Everything kinda melted together in this big batch of flavorful mush. 
Next time I'll just go here with my husband, sans child. There's wasn't much space inside when we tried to go for dinner the night before. Live music and a 2 year old doesn't really mix.I need to eat here more times before I can give 5 stars. Also, it's a 3-4 star ambiance, but with really solid food and juices. The guys running it are great. Definitely an asset to the neighborhood. 
I love illy coffee too. Many pluses all around. I hope the neighborhood comes out and supports this place. They are working hard and doing good work to bring a needed cafe to the Avenue.Looks like your average cafe, but serves up some of the best food in Mt. Airy. Portions are generous. The dishes are healthy, and my kids love it. They offer up a variety of middle eastern/Mediterranean options, the will satisfy vegetarians and omnivores alike. One platter could easily feed me and my two kids under 5, but I'm greedy and want one all to myself. Go there! Order a platter of anything. You won't be disappointed.The food here is fresh, filling, and wonderful. They serve beautiful platters of Mediterranean food. The ambiance is totally chill. It's a great place to spend some time. They have live music and events and you can byob.Delicious food and wonderful service. Great salads and vegetarian options, with a nice patio for outdoor dining.George, the owner, was incredible in his hospitality. Before we even entered, George had waved his hands to signal us to come inside. He made us feel welcomed. It was about 7 of us and we were treated like family. We were able to be accommodated quickly, but also the food was delicious! Super affordable and friendly environment!The food is very good, although I was surprise that only cold dishes were served.  WARNING:  If you are sitting outside, ladies hold  your purse on your lap.  My wallet was stolen from my purse because I stupidly hung it on the back of the chair.  A very thin man came in, left a white hand towel on a chair at the table next to me, and then left.  Five minutes he came back, caused the towel to fall to the ground, and when he bent to pick it up with his right hand he removed my wallet with his left hand.  The police have been contacted but I doubt he will be caught as God knows the police have enough on their plates already.  Therefore, I hope anyone who reads this will not take this post as a criticism of a very good restaurant, but rather as a warning to be smarter than I was.  (I posted this on Malelani's Facebook page but George removed it.)Incredible meal with amazing service. The hummus was the best I have ever had. Lots of flavor, fresh herbs and choices.Amazing Mediterranean food! Host was friendly and whipped up a platter for us to try. Hands down the best tasting Mediterranean place I've been to. There is  live music on Friday and Saturday!Came in on a Saturday night for dinner with my girlfriend and had an absolutely delightful experience. The owner is friendly and welcoming and just an overall joy to be around. In regards to the food, we got a chicken schwarma platter and a couple of gyros. In general, the food is fresh and vibrant. The platters feature a wide array of ingredients. Each item hits a different note and the flavors come together in a scrumptious symphony. If you're into Greek food, I would definitely recommend Malelani Cafe.We love everything about Malelani Cafe! We love it so much that going there for lunch once a week is showing restraint. George is incredible and immensely hospitable. As a customer, you feel known and appreciated, and this keeps us coming back. The food is just spectacular, and it is a little different every time. You might think that this would not be ideal, but it is actually fantastic. We've been introduced to some new things, and have gotten to try out some new items. We are huge fans and always recommend it for lunch whenever we have friends over or family in town.Ordered quarantine take-out on Saturday night after having samples of Malelani's goodies at an event a few months back. We should not have waited that long to give this place another go. We ordered a chicken salad platter and a shawarma platter. Both came with an amazing array of goodies; hummus, black bean hummus, pickled onions, cabbage, feta, cucumbers, tabouli, potatoes, pita, and olives. Every bite was delicious. Do yourself a favor and support Malelani in quarantine and beyond...Based just on the excellent Americano coffee, I've giving 5 stars to this charming little cafe and art space on the lower reaches of Germantown Avenue in Mt. Airy. Very friendly, yes - laid-back - staff. Outdoor seating is a great option. Menu looks excellent, can't wait to get back to try to the food.Great food. Bad service. Kinda dirty inside. Would recommend take-out over dine in but be sure to double check that they got your order right before leaving.Jared & I settled on Malelani for a cool lunch on a very hot and humid Saturday.  
This cafe is a cosy, yet is still set up to host some live music on occasions.  It seemed like there was only a handful of tables, but we didn't have a wait to grab a seat.  Given how hot it was outside, I was pleasantly surprised by the temperature inside.  No I wasn't frozen, but was able to cool off.
We were greeted with drink recommendations.  I had the ice tea while Jared had a cold brew ice coffee.  Both were very refreshing.  A review of the menu was a bit surprising as everything was chicken - a bit unusual for a Mediterranean restaurant.  However, my first bite into the dusk special eliminated any concerns.  Each platter comes with potato salad or fresh fruit, and good portions of each.  After finishing my meal, I was full but not stuffed.  
We chilled at our seats for a while after eating and were never rushed out.  Little touches like this one are reasons why I'd recommend Malelani's and why I will be back.I'm embarrassed that it took me so long to try this place. My sister was visiting and we were both craving greek food after a long hike on the Wissahickon Trail. I'd remembered passing this place and seeing the photos on Yelp and i'd wanted to try it for so long. I figured it would be the perfect spot for a filling late lunch. 
We parked a couple spaces away and arrived to the adorable Malelani Cafe. We opted to sit outside on the beautiful 75 and sunny day. 
The waiter was very nice and quickly got us water as we looked over the menu. Everything looked good so we decided to order two platters and share. We also added on dolmas because who can resist those. 
About 10min later our giant platters arrived and to say we digged in would be an understatement. I don't think i've ever had such a quiet meal as we never took any breaks to talk. We were to quick to get a picture of the beautiful plates. The Spanakopita was my first bite and wow, perfectly flaky and delicious. We had both the falafel and gyro plates that were packed with two hummus, feta, tzatziki, olives, tabouli, pico de gallo, pickled cabbage and onions, pita and more. 
Every bite was amazing but the stars to me were the falafel, hummus, tabouli and picked cabbage. Such amazing flavors and don't let the prices fool you, our $15 platter was easily two meals- we took a huge box home for leftovers.  We somehow managed to also stuff ourselves with a Baklava which was scrumptious. 
If you're in the area and want an amazing meal you better stop in! Don't wait like I did- you'd be missing out.Think of the biggest stoner skateboarder from your college, all grown up (but not really) opening a cafe/restaurant /art space type establishment that is kind of Mediterranean but also kind of hippy food. Maybe there's a bunch of dudes watching soccer, maybe there is a guitar player awkwardly singing to just your table in the middle of the afternoon, maybe there is an art opening happening. You really just never know what you will get. Everything I've ordered has been totally delicious and the employees are always so nice and laid back.