Love Mario's! Their pizza is delicious and so are their mozzarella fries. They recently updated the decor, which was a nice surprise. 
The gentlemen who work there are always friendly.  Service is always prompt!Something about the food has changed within the last year.  We eat here periodically, and last night the food was very bland.  My wife had 2 slices of pizza which lacked flavor and I had a mini sausage boli which also lacked flavor.  The onion rings we had were very over cooked and again, lacked flavor.  
The food used to be much better.  Maybe the management changed suppliers, but whatever the reason behind the bland food it's bad.  I doubt we'll be returning.Solid pizza. Great service. Haven't tried anything else on the menu but don't know any other pizza spots in Chestnut Hill.Got Sicilian pizza and wings. Pizza wasn't completely cooked and wings were "old" ( cool and dry). Pizza would have been great if it was baked completely.Lived across the street for two years, and I never got tired of it.
The pizza is good, and comes in an extra large.  It's a bit expensive in my opinion, $16 for a large no toppings, but it is good.  The best way to go is stromboli.  They are enormous and packed with meat and cheese.  They also have good sauce, so their chicken parm is tasty.
I'm not as big of a fan of their sandwiches.  They tend to be a bit bready, but they are quick and accessible - and a hell of a lot better than the Quizno's in the same strip mall.No good. Frozen onion rings. Canned mushrooms. Skimpy cheese. No pride in ingredients.PHENOMENAL food.  Owner is extremely professional as well as staff.  Quick,  fast and to the point.  Food is always superb and fresh.  I've been a consistent customer for nearly twenty years.   Mario's hoagies are ridiculous.Best chicken cheesesteak !!
Notvthe cubed chicken but chicken with the same consistency as steak
The roll not hard but fresh I and able to bite into normally
Don't like their plain pizza sauce had no flavor
Order always correctI don't like the pizza, but they're helpful on a rainy day and when I can't go far to get something else. I like their fried chicken tenders with fries and their pasta with marinara sauce, they're okay... but I really wanted to like their pizza!Mario's is consistently delicious. The (perhaps no frills) service is efficient and "10 minutes" means 10 minutes, so come pick up your pizza right out of the oven! There aren't many pizza options in Chestnut Hill- If you're looking for good thin crust pizza, you'll enjoy Mario's.The cheese pizza is a good, basic slice of reasonable tastiness. Fresh-flavored sauce, heavy on the onion (which is a good thing); the right amount of cheese; and a decently crisp, chewy crust. Best of all, it's consistent---it's the same pie every time. 
The guys who work here are kind and competent and appreciate their customers.Had two pizzas delivered tonight was very disappointing they were not freshly made called to speak to the manager about it he was very rude told me not to call or order anything from them again.Out running errands and stopped in here for a quick slice, wasn't sure what to expect because of the mixed reviews. All I had was a plain slice and a garlic knot, but it was perfect. Crust had a good crunch to it, sauce had enough flavor and just the right amount of cheese on top. Slices could be a little bigger but I guess you can't win them all. The guys that work here are cheerful and efficient, doesn't get much better than that! I would definitely come back with an appetite, I could smell fried onions but I had no room for a cheesesteak today.Decent pizza place here.  Very conveniently located for me.  Pizza isn't bad, wings are pretty good.  Like the thin crust and traditional style of the pizza.  Prices are on the high side.  They work pretty quickly which is nice.  I stop in anytime I'm craving a slice and don't feel like getting in the car.I found it!  Really solid pizza and delivery all in one.  I can't believe I waited a year to try this place. The pizza comes on parchment paper, which made it really easy to transfer it to the oven until we were ready.  The dough was actually chewy and there was minimal to no tip droop.  True I did keep it at 200 for 20-30min, but I think it would have been like this fresh as well.Best pizza around this neighborhood, friendly fast service and always clean.  Sandwiches and other menu items are great as well, this place is a definite regular on my list!!Nice solid pizza joint with typical pizza joint fair.  Bonus points to them for the use of turkey breast in their hoagies and not the low quality turkey loaf that every local joint seems to have.  Their pizza is pretty solid, but I have yet to have it nice and hot from the oven to give it a fair shake.  Not their fault as delivery's are always prompt, it's just hard to keep a pizza hot, in December on a busy Friday night.
Absolutely worth it if you're in the mood for pizza or a hoagie.We've ordered burgers twice from you guys and they were probably the best burgers that I've ever tasted. Service was exceptional, very polite. Delivery arrived very quickly. I'm hooked and will continue to be a regular customer. Thanks for you guys awesomeness!! I would highly recommend this restaurant.....Great pizza. Not sure what the douche above meant by "for Philadelphia". This pizza is just good. And since Philly has the worlds best pizza that's saying something. I guess the douche was from New York!Was between jobs and needed to eat. Kind of on the expensive side. Git the bacon burgers and garlic knots....the burger meat was kinf if plain but the onions, hot sauce, and bacon made it good when you are hungry.I returned late from work and was hankering for some Eggplant Parm. Yelp's quick and easy ordering app helped me find this place close to my house.
I was delighted that it came within the hour.
I was not delighted when I bit into it. The eggplant had such a thick coating of flour and goo that it rendered this meal inedible. The sauce for the spaghetti was right out of the can and flavorless. 
So sad that this turned out so badly. A real missed opportunity.Customer service left something to be desired. I called to order a fried buffalo chicken wrap and the gentleman who was taking my order then proceeded to yell at me bc they didn't serve fried buffalo at their store. Then I explained that I wanted a buffalo chicken wrap with fried chicken...not fried buffalo and he acted confused... I said I was reading it off his menu and if I was missing something I was sorry, he followed that up with "okay fine, yes, I guess we can do that for you". I didn't know subbing fried chicken for grilled chicken would have been such a debacle. Generally I order online, which I can see is now a preferred method.Will Never order from this place, told the order taker that I would call back so I can gather the order properly, he said something very rude and disconnected the call. I had all intentions on calling back but I will never order from here ever...Best pizza in the area hands down!  Thin crust and delicious!  Even better, they deliver.  Been coming here for over 15 yrs.Super Bowl Sunday...only one guy making pizza...been waiting over an hour for a pepperoni. And he's on his second break.To be completely honest, the food is really good. What I can't stand about this place is the customer service. The last three times I have ordered from here on a weeknight (not Friday - Sunday), it has been 75-90 minutes for my food to be delivered. Tonight it happened again. 85 minutes for one pizza and mozzarella sticks to show up at my house that is 4 blocks away. Absolutely ridiculous. Not sure I will be ordering from here again, which is a shame because the food is really good.It's Greek pizza made by Mexicans.  Despite that, it's pretty O.K.  I would recommend the cheesesteak and hoagies though.  They also have pretty good strombolis.
It's in a shopping centre so even though they don't have delivery you can go in and place your order, and then go to blockbuster or rite aid or whatever to run some errands. 
Pros:  Plenty of booths, fast service, location
Cons: Kinda average pizza, no deliveryExcellent Pizza (for Philadelphia) when served there.  It gets steamed in the box so it doesn't taste nearly as good at home.  
The Chicken Parm and Pasta dishes are fantastic -- way better than you would ever expect from the looks of the place.Got the antipasto and a small personal boli.  The boli was good about $4.25 plus tax and the large salad was just over $10.  Antipasto was a hearty portion of Pepperoni and ham spirals with pizza toppings such as black olives, sweet peppers and mushrooms on the underbelly of sliced iceberg lettuce.  Didn't try the pizza because didn't want to eat a slice that was sitting out then warmed up.  Take out order was ready on time, but nothing to write home about.Disappointed with their customer service. I initially ordered a medium pizza and was about to pay and the guy answered the phone and started taking another order. While I politely waited for him to get off,  staying right at the register with my money out, I immediately realized I needed a large not a medium. He got off the phone and said it was too late for him to change my order. I had to deal with the medium. I paid and guess just have to deal with it. Losing a customer over a pizza.Owner is a very nice guy and they make in my opinion the best pizza in NW Philly.  Fast service and prices are reasonable.  Now that they do take out I hope people switch over them Mario's pizza because its worth supporting.  Good value for your money!!Right next door, never saw it until I got really hungry. Looks like you average non-franchise pizza shop typical for the philadelphia area. Owners are mexican and make a killer pizza. I ordered a plain cheese medium pizza for 11 bucks. Made fresh on the spot, saw them roll out the dough and apply the goods. Took the pie home and thoroughly enjoyed it. Good crunch with a nice doughy texture, cheese and sauce are in a good ratio with the right amount of salt. Nice people and great service. 
I will definitely be ordering food again.Tonight, I went to this establishment for the first time. The customer service is the worst I've ever experienced. When I entered, neither of the ladies behind the counter greeted nor even looked at me. It was like I wasn't there. Next, I placed my order and the price was extremely expensive. I was told 20 minutes for 2 cheesesteaks and wings...ok! While waiting, I noticed a cook place a Brown bag on top of the pizza oven and watched for 8 minutes as no one picked it up. I got up and the same cook acted as if I were a surprise and told me my food was ready. I asked why was it sitting for so long and he replied it's only been 2 minutes. I called him a liar-oh how that upset him. The truth hurt. He grabbed the bag I watched. Why wouldn't any of them, the cook, the ladies or whomever say something. They are all incompetent!! The cheesesteaks were bread sandwiches. The wings were over cooked, too! Horrible and I'll never go back. Why don't they just close forever? Inexperienced and unprofessional! It's a shame that we as a consumer have limited options and have to settle for places like Mario's pizza! This saddens me.Food taste pretty good, not the freshest ingredients, but taste good. Hubby and I like the thin crust and this is the closest pizza place to our home, so we gave it a try. Not the cheapest either but convenient I guess.. Oh and don't expect great customer service from these two guys running place.First off, the delivery driver is nice. Sadly you need to order "extra cheese" ($2-$2.50 extra) for a normal amount of cheese on you pizza. I didn't want to write a negative review but their customer service on delivery calls is the worst. Having ordered from both Grubhub and Eat24 apps , they both give you an estimated delivery time.... 3 outta 3 times we had to add easily an add'l 30minutes. 
Forget about calling them to inquire about your food. We were told that we entered it as pickup, where clearly on the recipes it shows "delivery time" 
Why did I think ordering tonight would've been different. We put our order in at 6:42p and it was set to deliver at 7:33p... it arrived at 7:58pm   
Next time I'm making myself a peanut butter jelly sandwichFood is good and quickly made although at times you have to request how you like ur food cooked but honestly for is great in that area but slightly overpriced if you truly ask meI took my students there on a field trip. Here is what they had to say:
"The pepperoni pizza was really good."
"The staff was very helpful and nice. They were very accommodating."
"It felt like an nice old regular pizza joint that had good pizza."There is no doubt in my mind that Marios makes the best pizza in Chestnut Hill!
Don't get me wrong, I order from Fiesta too! Salads and chicken gyros! The pizza pleasure I save for Marios! I always order large with mushrooms! Crispy crust, hot, high quality ingredients, it is what it is!
No complaints!ive lived in chesnut hill for 15 years, and marios is the only pizza i eat.  its fresh and made to order, and a think their large pizza is under $13. in chesnut hill that is unheard of.  by far better than cosimos and fiesta.Marios is one of the  best in the area a little pricey but worth it. Great staff that work there to.Below average pizza.  Even by "Philly pizza" standards, the crust was bland and tough.  The toppings were fine, nothing special.  The "large" pie was smaller than average, but the same price as most similar pizzerias.  The delivery guy was friendly though.I have tried several things on their menu.  It is VERY conveniently located for me (hence the multiple visits) but I am done trying.  I had a pizza slice.  It was mediocre and over priced and not an extra large slice for the price.  The pizza fries were the best of the 4 things I have tried.  It was a bit expensive, but a good sized portion. They skimped a lot on the sauce which was needed to hide the taste of the substandard fries.  
I had the chicken parm sandwich twice.  The first time it was nothing special but edible, albeit, expensive.  The second time... just wow.  It was no longer a slab of chicken but very thin slices of chicken (though I could not taste the chicken).  It was so greasy I could not finish it.  It tasted like breaded nothing sopped in grease.  I felt nauseous 3/4 of the way through and stopped.  I ripped open one piece of the chicken and it was soggy and crumply so I could not even see chicken.  I had it with 2 garlic knots which was the only thing I have had there that was not very good, but not expensive either.  
If I was forced to go back, I would order the pizza fries and add my own sauce.  But I am going to find a new place even if it means walking/driving further.Ordered chicken cheese steak for a working in lunch and they delivered - 2 chicken cheese steaks, and a eggplant parm- My chicken cheese steak was so, so good
The Eggplant parm per my co worker was good also. I did not try the pizza but food was good and delivery not a long wait.Very terrible experience. Food was good but very expensive. Counter workers barely spoke english. Rude. Food tasted good but had me an my fiance throwing up for 33her days! We are still still. If you go i would suggest no burgers, mozzarella sticks or garlic knots. Thats what had us so sick. Not sure which one but dont take the risk!I have been there 3 times. Every time it drained my pocket for not a lot of food and very disappointing. Pizza is bad but $$$. Chicken parm is mediocre and $$$.  Same for French fries. So I am now a sucker for going 3 times but no other places that's an easy walk. That being said unless they slash their prices or make better quality food, I'm out.After waiting an hour for my order I called to check on it and was dismissed saying they called me several times and they're closed. Completely false! Finally agreed to "call the drive" which really meant quickly make my personal Stromboli and deliver it. Now I'm a sitting here $15 down the drain with raw dough. Disappointed in the management and the dishonesty. We usually order here serval time a week/month this is the second time we were dismissed. Unfortunately they've lost some customers.Disclaimer: I am a major NY pizza snob.  Luckily, I'm back on the east coast where there are no lame excuses about how dough reacts to certain climates, like in California.
Mario's pizza is pretty good, not the best in the world, probably not the best in the city, but pretty darn good.  I'd give it a B to B+ overall, which is a high grade from me cus, like I said, I'm a snob.  The crust is just right, the sauce may be slightly salty for some, depending on your tastes.  It definitely works for me.
I moved in across the street and so have sampled a buncha their stuff, and they are very consistent.  If I get home from work late, I like to get a salad and a cheese steak with onions, prepared fresh, always good.  They also have a nice selection of hot sandwiches and other assorted goodies.  Their buffalo wings are good, the breaded wings, not as good.  (Another disclaimer: I don't know my Philly cheese steaks because I only recently moved here, so I am not an expert...YET.  I will remedy that.  I also refuse to use the word hoagie.  Let's go Mets.)
The reason they get 4 stars our of 5 for "pretty good" pizza is because I personally have found their service to be superb and very friendly.  Maybe it's because I've become a regular, but they're always awesome and nice to me.  If I ask for toppings, they pile it on.  If I'm there just for a quick slice or two, they're super quick.  
In response to the person who said they don't deliver, I'm fairly sure they do now, cus there's always a delivery dude hanging out at the front with one of those insulated pizza box covers.  Either that or he's a pizza delivery guy who hangs out all day at a place he doesn't work.
If you're looking for a fancy schmancy pizza, I'd suggest you keep searching.  If you want good pizza and sandwiches served with a smile, Mario's hits the mark.  Pizza snob recommends it.
Side note: I'm fairly sure 3 of the cooks are brothers because, until recently, I was unable to tell them apart.  Maybe there are just two, and one wears a hat to confuse their patrons...Best pizza in Chesnut Hill.  The competition is not fierce, however.The Pizza has always been good from Mario's. I do like my crust a little firmer, crisper overall. Perfect combination of sauce to cheese ratio. Pie didn't have patches on it. Had the mini-ball sausage. Came up bubblin' hot. You know it's love at 1st bite.I'd really like to push to a 3.5 star on this one.
     Since we've moved to the area, Mario's has been our go-to pizza place. I'd say there's not much that makes it different, but we have enjoyed their food, the service is good, and the prices are reasonable. Occasionally a pizza is a little doughy/chewier than usual, and that's about all that really bumped me down. Not a major issue since we don't feel the need to go elsewhere.
If you're looking for a consistent, local pizza joint, I'd recommend giving it a try.Mario's Pizza is take it or leave it.  This is an average pizza shop.  Nothing special but nothing terrible either.  I find their prices to be a little high, but other than that no major issues.
I also noticed they have specials, but they will not apply the special unless requested.  
I will return because of convenience, but would not go out of my way.My roommates and I love ordering from Mario's. Only problem? Their pizza! Everything else on the menu is fantastic with exception to their actual pizza. I recommend their wings and fries, and especially every one of their cheesesteaks.Just wanted to add a few food pictures to the review. Went with an extra large pizza that's half plain (me) and half pepperoni (my wife.) Impulse ordered a chicken finger platter with BBQ sauce.Our delivery driver was great with contactless delivery. 
First, he called us when he was parked outside of our house to let us know that he would leave the pizza on one of our porch chairs.
I looked out the window and saw him changing into fresh disposable gloves before he handled our order. 
He then called us again to say that the order had been dropped off. 
It's tough to be 100% perfect with "no contact" but I appreciate this guys efforts.Not the best pizza in the world or anything, but a classic in the area and I never have a bad time. Perhaps it's the location in that cute little shopping center.. I don't know why but I like it.I enjoyed the pepperoni pizza a week ago from Mario's. I did add some oregano and garlic powder which made it taste how I like it. One thing I noticed was that he had very little sauce. Just the right greasiness but not a lot of red sauce.Order placed at 6:08 PM, pizza delivered at 7:30 PM. And it was cold. This is beyond unacceptable.Horrible customer service. Ordered online and rudely told that they are too busy and it's my fault that my order didn't get delivered. So rude, if I had not already paid, I would have canceled. Too many pizza shops around to deal with this type of treatment.I just had the worst experience at this place! It's really sad because I have been going to Mario's forever. My son ordered Zing Wings and was given fresh plan wings instead. I'm guessing there was a miscommunication, but unfortunately my 13 year old is out of $12 bucks because of it. After the owner called me sweetheart a few times (gross I know) he offered to have me drive back and get what was actually ordered. My son opted to eat the sauce less tasteless wings than waste anymore of my gas. He was just upset by the whole situation. Not gonna order here againahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! so gooooooooooooddddddddd!!! buffalooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!I ordered from this restaurant a couple times. The first order came lukewarm just as this order came. The first order was so so in flavor. The pizza crust was tough and chewy.  This order had bone fragments in the chicken wing meat. I'm sorry, but there is no reason for sizeable bone fragments to be in a chicken wing drum. I've never had that happen in my life with chicken wings. The pizza crust was very chewy and tough, not much sauce or flavor. Our cheesesteaks had very little steak, maybe like 4 - 5 oz of steak if that. There was very little cheese on both steaks. This is just the tip of the iceberg. I had the owner of the establishment call me screaming and verbally harassing me with some extremely unprofessional language. I was going to let the issue lie with the food because grubhub refunded the order. I wouldn't order from the restaurant again anyway. I'm sorry but any other restaurant that I've been in would be happy to refund a meal if I found bone fragments in my food. However, instead of apologizing for the issues she decided to change this into a legal matter. I will be sharing the bone fragments and information with my lawyer. I have never had any restaurant owner call me to harass me at any time. Be careful when ordering here or just move on to another restaurant.