I could not recommend this place more. I wasn't sure how I'd feel about a chef's tasting menu with no choices but everything was amazing. Each dish was better than the next and the flavors were all so interesting paired together. Some dishes were outside the box and allowed me to try foods I've never had before, but it's a cool experience. Also, make sure to bring a bottle of wine as it's BYOB.Would have loved to try.....but my Groupon expired last month. $25 for $50! I Sent an e-mail asking if I could just use the $25 that I paid....no response. Called them Today......sorry, but can't help you. The person who answered was very nice....made me feel good about losing my money....I loved this place. I went for a very special occasion and it lived up to my expectations. The entrees on the Dining Days special weren't my favorite so I ordered  a la carte and it was a great idea. The crab mac&cheese is the most decadent and delicious dish I have had in a while. The truffle oil and jalapeno give it intensity but the creamy cheese smoothens it so it is not overwhelming at all. The duck was also spectacular. 
Very cozy  atmosphere, BYO so you can bring your own wine. I highly recommend it.Really cute, quiet dinner in an old Victorian house. Amazing ingredients that are really fresh! Favorite dishes were the scallops, salad, and carrots.This terrific West Philly BYOB is well worth the trip from Center City.  Nestled into a quiet corner on a pretty block, Marigold is a comfy, homey, and intimate.  (We sat upstairs and thought it would be a perfect spot for a dinner party / birthday party for 15-20)
Their "3 for 30" prix fixe on Sundays is a terrific bargain, and the apple cake dessert should not be missed.  
The presentation and taste of everything was delicious -- absolutely rivals Matyson, and like a classed up Audrey Claire (we noticed little bits of Mediterranean throughout -- eggplant etc).
The artwork in the bathroom is beyond charming ("Recipe for Dinosaur Soup") 
Service was a bit spotty, but that can easily be overlooked when the dinner bill for 4 comes and it's $135 all in.To be honest I went in one night to try the food and although the sous chef and I had our issues for the prices we paid we felt like we got cheated. As for other restaurants in the area the portions are a bit bigger and if your paying 90 dollars a head they will make sure you leave stuffed. I have no eaten at plenty of fine dining restaurants and this place is sub par. I recommend going else where to eat. If it wasn't for the sous chef or the owner I would have given this place a better reviewI wasn't really sure what we were getting into since the web site had no menu. Although kudos that they asked for dietary restrictions when they confirmed and they did accommodate 2 of us that eat Paleo style. The 13-course mini plates were diversified, tasty and intriguingly different. 
Not sure I'd pay $90 fixed price per person to go back again, but it was worth trying once.Incredible. Like "I want to lick my plate but will use every ounce of self control to refrain" incredible. Every dish was bursting with flavor. Unique, innovative concepts. Homey, warm atmosphere. And they were so accommodating with my "aversions" (no liver, sweetbread, etc) and came up with creative alternatives/substitutes for each. 
A really special gem for a fantastic experience with someone (or a group) you love. We will be back!Unique concept. Great Date place. Expensive but worth it thru and thru. I had a beautiful piece of fish that I had never heard of before. I would order anything from this menu and trust even if it was a ingredient I usually would not like that the chef would transform it into something I would enjoy. BYOB.Expensive, esp since we were confined to the pre-fixe menu, which we were not fore-warned when we called to make the reservation and when we called earlier in the day to confirm the number of people in our group.  The good thing was that the food was good.  But I felt like I had arrived in a house I was uninvited.  I felt uncomfortable.I'm pretty sure I rudely stumbled into one of my neighbor's houses, and for some reason they decided to just roll with it, proceeding to serve me some of the best American fare I've had in Philadelphia.
The average person walks past this place time and time again, completely unaware of the culinary treasures contained within. Marigold hides out in a residential corner of West Philadelphia, snickering at all the passersby who don't seem to know any better.
But for those fortunate enough to find their way, Marigold serves some of the most perfectly executed, complex, and cared for new American cuisine in the city. The menu changes seasonally, but each dish contains so many flavors that courageously join forces to create a symphony on your taste buds. The four course tasting menu (at $65 a head) provides the best value, though most of my favorite bites were found in the seven (yup, SEVEN) amuse bouche we were served. Butternut squash bisque, chestnut ravioli, head cheese plate, and beef tartare come to mind.
This is the kind of place that serves you a pre-entrée palate cleanser and several pre-desserts.  The kind of place that makes you feel like maybe you came from old money, and that your father was a white Republican. The kind of place you'll comb your hair for. The kind of place you bring your forever girl. The kind of place you definitely don't bring the kids to cus they couldn't even comprehend that level of exquisiteness.
Two slight downsides: the octopus appetizer and fish course were both tougher than I would like. And this was a seasonal issue, but the entire menu seemed to go heavy on the parsnips. [I'd never eaten a parsnip until a few months ago. Someone explain to me the appeal.]
Parsnips aside, Marigold Kitchen is excellent. And a BYOB. Make a visit happen.My bouche was thoroughly amused.
The restaurant was close to 80 degrees when I stepped inside, which was a very welcome change from the miserable 20-or-so degrees it was outside.  The temperature matches the ambiance; it feels like you're eating in someone's cozy living room.
The boyfriend and I shared the scallops (which were stellar) and the squab (which was good, but not great).  The complimentary amuse bouche is what sets Marigold apart, though.  The bites are small enough (and there are enough of them) that you have a chance to try a lot of unique flavors and textures (think bubbles) without having to commit to a whole potentially-questionable entree. We were brought 5 or 6 amuse bouche (crispy parsnips with powdered sugar, a melty cheese-and-crackers bite that tasted a little like melted-down cheetos (in a good way), apple soda with cinnamon bubbles (favorite of the evening), butternut squash bisque with thyme-bubbles (probably about 40% butter), and a yogurt granita-type thing).  With these plus our entrees, we were glad we hadn't ordered appetizers.
I'm docking one star because the squab was a let-down and because the service was good but not great (I'm not a fan of pour-your-own-wine at a nice restaurant, even if it is a BYO).  But I will absolutely be back!I love Marigold Kitchen. I discovered it during my fourth year of undergrad in Philadelphia, and have moved away since but I still think about the meals I've had here periodically. The restaurant itself is basically the living room of a beautiful West Philadelphia home, in a wholesome and pleasant looking neighborhood. The menu changes seasonally, which is nice. The experience used to be somewhat like a customized tasting, where you order from the menu and the house provides small bites between courses that are always inspired and delicious. The restaurant transitioned into a more formal tasting experience, which I enjoyed as well. I love how the menu turns simple and familiar ingredients into inventive and fun dishes. The space itself is romantic with warm lighting, perfect for intimate group dinners or dates. This is a seriously underrated restaurant in Philadelphia, find out for yourself!I decided to try out Marigold Kitchen based on the recommendations here at Yelp.  After the taxi driver tried to drop me off at a corner store - I finally found the restaurant - clearly signed in a quiet residential street.  Coming into a historic home to eat is always going to make you feel cozy and welcome - the artwork homage to Joseph Cornell was a nice touch too.
So, yes, on to the food.  The many many amuse bouche were still a surprise even though I knew the restaurant's reputation.   The creamed corn ravioli and lemon curd were my two favorites.  I went during university dining days where the menu had 4 items to choose from for starter, mains and desserts.  The starter of asparagus with 147 degree egg was out of this world - the texture of the egg unlike anything I'd ever experienced before.  The swordfish main paired with quinoa and kale was an unusual pairing, and not to my taste.  The basil creme brulee with a candied cherry tomato was exquisite.
In sum, the unusual food pairings ensure your palate will be entertained.  Not all dishes were hits - but overall a great restaurant making interesting food an unpretentious experience.  Cheers!It was years ago, but it was downright scrum-diddly-umptious!  The Lobster bisque was a mouth-watering work of art and the Barramundi - ahh, spectacular.  I went during the west Philly summer version of restaurant week.  It was one of my best restaurant experiences.
Edit: I've returned since the chef and 'style' shift - modern southern-inspired.  It was still quite good.  The overall experience wasn't as 'perfect' but it's winter now and the ambiance just isn't the same.  That's said, I'd still recommend it, just maybe not quite as high on the list as before.  no change in 'star' rating either.Molecular Gibberish!
The reason for 2 stars is the price vs food ratio. For $30 per person, the food is average, however for $110 (including tax and tip for the tasting menu) there are several better places in and around Philly. 
They brought about 6-7 amouche bouche's which were good but nothing great. In addition to the amouche bouche's we had a choice of one appetizer, one entre and one dessert. 
My Escargot appetizer (ode to Le Bec Fin) was pretty sad. It was way too salty and basically bland (Salt was the only seasoning on it!)
The other appetizer (trio of Oysters) was good. It came with one fried, one baked and one raw all accompanied with bubbles, foams, powders ...all things you would expect in molecular gastronomy.
For the Entree, we got the Squab and Scallops. The Squab was overcooked and dry. The Scallop dish was below average (I swear, I can make better Scallops at home)
Deserts were ok, nothing great. 
 I must say the Chef is particularly heavy handed on the salt. All dishes (except for the dessert) were a tad too salty.
Overall not a good dining experience for foodies. I get the molecular gastronomy thing and really liked how everything was plated, however the food in it self was pretty ordinary.Charming setting, exquisite service and presentation, delicious food.  We did the 14-course prix fixe which is incredible.  If you advise in advance, they can accommodate restrictions e.g. my lactose intolerance.  Highly recommended!After the first appetizer, Marigold flirted with being a truly excellent meal, but ultimately the restaurant came up short. My fiancee and I greatly enjoyed the various amuse-bouches and found some of the initial appetizers extremely praise worthy. But, the chef disappointed us with the main courses. The duck came out partially cold and the beef tasted fine but not special. If we could somehow have ordered only the appetizers and various amuse-bouches I would be singing a very different tune.
On the positive side, we loved the soup with Cinnamon foam on top. We also enjoy the liquid nitrogen popcorn and the fois gras in chocolate.  Dessert was also really good.
The service fell well short of what I would have expected. They cleared the table too fast between courses yet we waited too long for the next course to arrive.
The decor can be described as old Victorian residential house in which they removed the beds and added tables. They skipped all other renovations. 
The cheapest option for dinner at Marigold is the s $65 four course tasting menu.Four stars for creativity, presentation, and being such a thoughtful dining experience. Of the 15 course tasting, plus three bottles of wine, I'd be hard pressed to name just one favorite though admittedly fois gras and oysters always get my attention!The meal was made up of a fixed 13 course $90 menu and a bergamot fortune cookie. They started out with a feel good tomato soup with cheddar sandwich. The warmth of the soup matched the cosy, converted home atmosphere. Standout dishes included brandy roasted butternut squash with trumpet royale, tarragon scallops with escargot and verjus, and pears that had been soaked in pitted fruit alcohol.  Most of the time we were wondering what we were eating, and some of the time the staff didn't tell us when they placed it in front of us. Though confusing the dishes were expertly made, and very interesting. It surprised me that there were two different venison dishes, but they were very different and we were told that it was their current featured meat. I'm surprised at the other reviews that said they were not full at the end, I Iove to eat and I found myself trying not to finish every dish so that I could have room to try everything. The service was excellent, I just wish they had told us more about each fish because we frequently needed to ask more. My friends took me here for my birthday, and I would highly recommend it for special occasions.Got a gift card for here from family.  13 tasting courses that were nothing short of horizon expanding.  The food was exquisitely prepared and presented.  Every single course from the "Mojito cocktail" with its rum gel to the frogs legs to the cheese course - a delicous 8 year aged gouda cheese cake with chocolate stout foam -  was spectacular. 
The service was impeccable.  We never wanted for anything and at one point, my wife asked that we slow the pace of the dishes down, so we could enjoy the evening and each other's conversation a little more.  The staff easily accommodated.  Each server was extremely knowledgeable about each dish and was more than happy not only to describe each course, but to explain its origin and inspiration.
I can't say enough wonderful things about Marigold Kitchen.  As a serious home chef, this was an experience that has and will continue to change how I look at an approach cooking.
We will absolutely be back.  The manager told me that Tuesdays are "Test Kitchen Tuesdays" and that if I really wanted to see the chefs in full creativity mode, that was the night to go.  I think I know when I'm making my next reservation.Great variety of tasty food from extremely polite and hospitable staff. Randomly showed up on a Friday night and treated us like anyone else. I never did a tasting menu before but highly recommend it here.We ended up at Marigold Kitchen because we had a groupon and are SO glad we did.  We had the best experience and think the value we received was incredible esp because a BYO.  We cannot wait to go back and try the next season's menu.
The servers were warm and informative, the meal was paced well.  Watching the reactions of other diners made for a fun evening.  Every amouse bouche outdid the previous one.  
We loved all the tastes, it allowed us to linger and appreciate the food.  It was just a wonderful experience all around.  24 hrs after we left, we have literally already invited friends to go back with us! Cannot wait!I've been passing in front of this place but being shied away by the pricey menu. During the UC Dining Days I decided to finally give it a shot. It was the best deal I got out of all of the dining days. Amazing food, amazing service. I'll surely go back now!Last weekend was the $640m megamillions jackpot.  I bought a lottery ticket for the very first time.  My mom asked me what I would do with $640 million dollars.  I didn't know.  I didn't win.  But if I ever do, I will go to Marigold Kitchen ever day (and twice on Sunday when they have brunch).  
I loved EVERYTHING.  The meal was inventive and exciting.  They provided several amuse bouche (including pre-dessert).  The pre-desserts were amazing.  I loved the little rhubarb soda with strawberry foam, but the lavender ice cream was my favorite.  The waitress was super nice.  I had the clark park market salad with blood orange, the crab mac and cheese and the creme brulee (and a blood orange iced tea).  I could eat them every day.We have been in several times for breakfast and lunch but last night was the our first time for their take home dinner. What a treat! Brazed short ribs with a wonderfully tasty gravy, great mashed potatoes and roasted root veggies. Even though we were at home it was probably a little much to lick the container! The carrot cake cupcakes topped with a heavenly whipped icing were beyond delicious. Last years Christmas present, all-clad cookware, might be getting a rest based on Marigold's dinners to go.What a great little byob! I love that this place is in the heart of West Philly in a "home". It really feels like you are a guest in someone's home! The multiple course dinner was quite enjoyable and the young wait staff were friendly and welcoming. I won't go into detail about the food -- too many courses -- but there was nothing that had any major executional errors. Quite the contrary! I remember a simple bean dish and a deconstructed breakfast dish being extra good. This place is not quite on the same level as the premier chef's tasting menus you'll find in NYC, London or San Francisco, but the reasonable price, casual vibe, delicious food and unpretentious service make it just as desirable in my opinion.Amuse bouche to die for
Lots of bubbles
Great staff
DoneMarigold Kitchen is surprisingly easy to get into for all its finer qualities -- innovative,  modern cuisine, capable and knowledgeable service, a charming, understated presence in a quiet part of West Philly.  One expects it would be much harder to get into if it moved just 20 blocks east. I would say its quiet charm is more of the take-your-visiting-parents-from-out-of-town variety.
The many surprise amuse bouche are as advertised. We had confit duck, butternut squash, headcheese, pork belly, and more (the menu apparently changes often). The food is beautifully presented, and portions are small, discouraging sharing, encouraging health.Two things are very NOT ok. First, they did not warm the plates up when they served hot dishes, which is totally unprofessional. People knowing something about cooking should understand what I am talking about. Second, the session they used to keep customers' jackets and coats were  as chilly as outside. Imagine when you finish everything, walk to the exit, your coats are soaked in the temperature of 14. Your dinner end up with shaking.
As for the dishes, they are just like 15 well prepared assignments submitted by top students. They demonstrated techniques, creativity and attentiveness. But viewed as a whole, there is no a wow factor for me. I cannot pick one of the most impressive dish to mark the memory. Many dishes share a common ingredient that had strong and distinctive taste. And there are many kinds of tubers in the dishes. So you would have an impression of repetition.My wife asked me where I wanted to eat for my birthday, and I'd just read a glowing writeup in Philadelphia Magazine. So I pushed for Marigold Kitchen, and I'm glad I did! The cost of the tasting menu was a bit higher than I expected (I think it was $90) and the wine we brought was  clearly not as refined as the menu, but the food itself was delicious. 
Make sure to leave yourself lots of time when you book here. The courses come at a reasonable clip, but with 10-12 of them (we weren't sure how to count), it takes a while. We ate a little quickly because we had another engagement to attend, and the meal took us more than 2.5 hours. 
Anyway, this is my new favorite restaurant in Philly. Not excessively salty (many restaurants here seem to kill the food with salt) and lots of delicate flavors. Good use of vegetables and a creative cheese course that you have to try to understand (I won't spoil the surprise, but they will soon be switching to a summer menu so that might change.) 
Good news for food lovers: MK is opening a sister restaurant in Center City at around 21st and Chestnut. Closer to where I live, which is extremely dangerous for my pocketbook. Can't wait to try out that spot, which is supposed to be more a la carte. 
Oh, and props to our server Nitassia for being knowledgeable without being stuffy or preachy.Amuse douche....
The restaurant itself is an interesting space, a full West Philly house converted into a restaurant.  We were seated upstairs in a small room that was cozy, but since we were alone in the room for much of the meal we often felt like we were forgotten about.
We started our meal by ooing and ahhing at the interesting menu and all ordered appetizers.  As we waited for our apps, we were brought a series a amuse bouches which ranged from interesting to weird to just not very good (the cracker thing filled with watery cheese).  I hate to rip on free things, but the series of tastes completely distracted from the focus of the meal, the things that we chose to eat and pay for.  After all of the little tastes we were all left wondering why we ever ordered appetizers. When the appetizers finally did come, I was very happy with my "147 degree" salad named for the temperature that the egg is cooked, which true to promise was a perfectly sous vide (sp?) egg and was part of a great salad.  The other apps at the table were not as well received, but no big complaints.
Another half hour and another pallet cleanser later (now 2 hours after we were seated) our entrees arrived.  I really enjoyed my squab, but the green spinach log that was served with it was frankly inedible.  It was so salty that I had to share bits with everyone at the table so that everyone could join in the fun saying, "can you believe they served that? it's just salt?"  The other entrees were just okay.  It was clear that presentation was the real focus leaving the flavors largely disappointing.
We declined to to get dessert since we didn't know how many odd bites would show up if we stuck around.  As we left the premises a friend mentioned, "was I the only one who saw the mice running around?"  Not sure whether it was a good thing that he waited until after the meal to share this tidbit.  For the money there are just way too many other places I'd rather go.I think this is one of THE best restaurants in the city!  The atmosphere and staff are amazing each time I visit.  Rob is so creative with his food combos and ingredients. 
They can be hit or miss, but it's something different, and not the same old thing other chefs are doing.  It does take awhile to get through all of the courses, so I wouldn't visit here if you have movie or show tickets.
 It is a bit pricey, compared to other places in University City, but you really do get your money's worth. The four course option is plenty, when you add the bouches to it.   It's an excellent choice for a quiet and romantic dinner.  The outside does look like a house, so don't feel stupid if you walk by it 5 times (like I did!)
Oh and it's BYOB (and no corking fee!)We celebrated our anniversary at Marigold Kitchen last night. The restaurant is situated in a lovely, home from 1907. The atmosphere is cozy and charming. 
What most impressed me during our experience was how flexible the kitchen was with my dietary restrictions. When I made the reservation, I mentioned that I can't have gluten or dairy. The kitchen accommodated my needs, I never felt like I was left out. I really appreciated the gluten free bread substitutions   I've never felt so taken care of. I really appreciate this service! I often feel like I miss out on tasting menus because the kitchen has to make so many subtractions. At Marigold, I got to enjoy each dish fully. It was amazing!
All of the 13 courses were truly remarkable. My favorites were the Walnut Bisque, Some of the Duck, and apple dessert. The dishes were flavorful and inventive. I love that the menu reflects the season and utilizes local resources.
I look forward to returning! It was a culinary experience that surpassed my expectations, and it's BYOB. My fiancee did note, that while there were so many courses, he didn't feel filled at the end. Perhaps some of the courses could increase in size ever so slightly. That was his criticism, but I felt satisfied.The setting itself is awesome -- intimate and stylish, inside a West Philly row home  -- and the dishes are super-pleasantly zany. 
I was seriously wowed by a seasonal soup and the desserts. There were, in fact, tons of things  that looked like neat ideas on the menu...the only downside to all the neat is that the portions of neat are small and kind of expensive for being, you know, neat. But that's my opinion as someone who lives for person-sized eggs at Sabrina's, and if I were a person more interest in interesting food in real life -- as opposed to on top chef -- I imagine this would be my PHL go-to.Marigold is not worth the price tag of $90/person. They overpromise but underdeliver. My fiancé and I had been wanting to go here for awhile, so when he proposed, he made us reservations to celebrate at Marigold, the night after. We go out to eat a lot in Philly, always for special occasions. (Recent places include Laurel, Friday Saturday Sunday, Ambra) I can tell you that all of those other restaurants do something special to elevate your experience (in addition to great food), and help create a memorable evening. Marigold, didn't even write "Congratulations" on a plate. 
Here's everything that went wrong which shouldn't in a fine dining restaurant - No one greeted us when we walked in the door. When someone finally realized we had been standing there for a few minutes, they did not ask to take our coats. It seemed the waitress was new or something, as it was like she had stagefright every time she explained a course. Telling us about a meal seemed to exhaust her. At one point, she started walking away before she was even done with the description. We were not asked once how any of the food was. The waitress also dropped the bill when she gave us our last course. Typically, fine dining restaurants will want you to feel comfortable and sit awhile after your meal. We were also not asked if there was anything else we needed. I'm sure you won't be surprised to hear that when we left, there was no host/ess to wish us a goodnight. 
The food however, was fantastic. It was very interesting, creative, and refined. We did agree that while the food was great, it didn't feel like a $90/meal. It wasn't filling enough, and felt like there should have been another course or two. While we knew to expect a multi-course tasting menu, we were not given any explanation of what courses/how many to expect, progression of the meal, etc. The first time we heard about any of the courses was when they brought them to us. Some type of intro into generally what to expect would have been helpful because when they brought the first dessert out our reactions were, "oh... I guess that's it?" We were surprised that there were only two hot "main" courses and were already on to dessert.  
When the $200 bill came, we felt a bit ripped off. Marigold's price should be cut in half. They are absolutely doing the food right, but that's only half of the battle. They have no idea how to create a good experience. A restaurant experience is a necessity, especially for such a high price. There was no experience for us. What should have been a fun, celebratory evening, was unmemorable. Save your money and go to a restaurant that actually cares about it's customers experiences.Operating continuously in the same Victorian location since 1934, Marigold's current small plate tasting menu style (by my count, 14 courses) dates back to at least the days when Erin O'Shea (Percy St. Barbeque) and then Michael Solomonov (Zahav, Federal Donuts) had it's helm. Since Michael, the torch has passed through his disciple (and sous) Robert Halpern (2009-2014) and now to Robert's disciples (and sous), current owners Andrew Kochan and Tim Lanza (2014-present). So, in a way, Marigold is like the Dread Pirate Roberts of the amuse bouche crowd. It won the "second best" of Philadelphia restaurants award, but many in my acquaintance consider it to be THE best BYOB in Philadelphia. Andrew has brought a bit more discipline to the restaurant (perhaps its his degree in mathematical economics), which makes for a more consistently remarkable experience. The whole team (including frontman, Christopher), appear to gel well and have a lot of momentum for carrying on the prestigious traditions of its former days. A foodie's foodie hangout. 5 stars.FOODIE HEAVEN!
I found this place as a surprise for my boyfriend during our long weekend trip to Philly.  I had read the reviews and was excited about the prospect of multiple amuse bouches (even though it was a lengthly cab ride into west philly from where we stayed in the old city - totally worth it!!).
This restaurant is in a row house in a neighborhood and BYOB (which is awesome).  It's small so reservations are a must.  
We started off with the Chicken Fried Sweetbreads (Stewed plum ginger beer gel, savory waffle, country gravy, sweet potato shoestrings) and the Sake Marinated Torchon of Foie Gras (Sea Urchin, Dashi, Wasabi Froth, Edamame Foam, Freeze Dried Edamame). Both were tasty - but heading back I would say the sweetbreads got the top spot.  
Then the amuse bouches started... which was a wonderful surprise to the BF.  Each was just one or two bites and you could tell that serious thought had gone into each.  The surprise element in receiving and tasting each one (we had about 5 or 6 throughout dinner) made the dinner truly memorable.  The chef even came out and talked to us about them.
For entrees, we had the Golden Tile Fish (English peas, Trumpet Royales, Criminis, Shiitakes, Berkshire Bacon, Parmesan Reggiano Broth) and the New World Paella (Langoustine, Scallops, Clams, Squid, Monkfish, Pulled Chicken, Chorizo, Cauliflower Couscous, and tomato saffron broth).
Was this the best meal of my life? No, but the ambiance, creativity, surprises, service and overall experience gives this restaurant 5 stars and is highly recommended.I visited Marigold Kitchen this week for a low-key birthday dinner with my husband. I think it has a great potential, but on a Wednesday night, we arrived to our 8:00 dinner reservation to a nearly empty restaurant. Only 2 other tables were seated when we arrived, and no one else showed up the rest of the evening. I know it's January, a bad month for restaurants, but come on, people! Get out of your house!
The chef is bringing some advanced techniques to a pretty laid-back neighborhood. I appreciate the art and craft of food, but I think the main problem is tying the food together with the space and locale. There are lots of foams and gelees for a restaurant that is competing mainly with a half-dozen Ethiopian places. It's pretty expensive too, for the area, but I do think it is a good value.
Atmosphere - Cute, but there could be better attention to the lighting and walls. The walls were vibrant yellow, and had some interesting sculptures really randomly strewn about. The track lighting didn't really do much to create a space. It was pretty harsh. Otherwise, it's super cozy and charming.
Service - Fine. Friendly and casual. 
Food - My husband's vegetarian selections (Chestnut Soup with some foams and things, and Potatoes 3 ways with more foam) were quite elaborate and sculptural. I tasted his dishes and despite the many components, all the flavors really worked together and complemented each other. Loved them. My selections (Tuna Tartare and Swordfish) seemed to work less well. The Tartare was served with a raw quail egg, and was delicious. But then there were these other parts - the tiniest cube of vodka gelee with 12 osetra caviar eggs perched on top, and then further away from that, 8 nonsensical and nearly invisible mustard seeds that I am not sure what I was supposed to do with. Eat the whole teeny pile in one bite? Take my tweezers and pick out an individual seed to go with a bite of tartare? It just didn't make any sense. And, of course, there was more foam on the side. The swordfish was well cooked and tasty, but actually kind of boring compared to what was going on with the Potato entree. I was a little jealous.
The dessert was a chocolate profiterole with pistachio ice cream. It was good but a little on the conventional side.
The chef came out after we ate and introduced himself, which I always like. I am looking forward to trying it again, especially when it's not January and all we have for local food is potatoes and kale. I am optimistic that Marigold Kitchen will work out its kinks, get its groove on and deliver some sophistication and newness to an otherwise dreary neighborhood for food.
Also, I do love BYOB, but for a meal put together with so much precision, it is unfortunate there are no specialty cocktails, wine pairings, or apertifs that could be enjoyed. Sad.We ventured out of our comfort zone, actually crossing the Schulkyl to try Marigold Kitchen, a highly recommended BYO. It's in an old house in West Philadelphia and is surprisingly big inside. The small seasonal menu was interesting with many fresh ingredients but each preparation seemed simple so as to allow you to fully enjoy the flavor of the main ingredient. We were started off with an amuse bouche of lamb & feta wrapped grape leaf. I wish we could have gotten several more they were great starters. For appetizers we had an asparagus salad and carrot soup. The carrot soup was the best carrot soup I've ever had and I honestly thought about licking the bowl. For main courses we had salmon poached in olive oil with morels and pickeled fiddleheads. I wasn't a big fan of the fiddleheads but the salmon was amazing being so moist and perfectly cooked that the pieces seemed to melt in my mouth. It was new on the menu but cooked flawlessly. We also tried the halibut en brik which was also cooked perfectly. Both servings were generously sized, but despite that we polished off the plate completely. I had chocolate cake with seasame ice cream and a tuille which was good but not the best chocolate cake I've ever had. We also had white chocolate mousse with rhubarb and almond cobbler, that was amazing. We had never had anything like it and it really impressed. The waitstaff was great and we would go back again in a second.Ate here with some friends and the sweet breads in a bao bun was amazing.All 5 Stars. 
Made my reservation right from their website. Got in got seated quickly and it took off from there.
We did the $30 3 course thing. 
I had the Muscles and Sausage and she had the Pound cake topped with ham and peaches for our first course. Amazing. Left us begging for more.
2nd course I had the pork loin and she had the scallops. Amazing. Good job on portions too. I almost had too much meat on the plate. Almost...
3rd course. Dessert. YES! Wonderful. Chocolate mousse with raspberry for her and a pear tart topped with Vanilla bourbon ice cream for me.
All 5 stars. 
Service - 5 stars
Food - 5 stars
Atmosphere - 5 stars
Take your lover here and love her with the great food. do it.Went to Marigold for the first time last night with 4 close friends/colleagues.  The atmosphere was homey with yellow walls.  It was quite quiet and easy to carry on a conversation.  The food was lovely, with enough choices, especially appetizers, for our vegetarian friend.  Portions are small which has been said before - lots of room for amazing deserts and chese plate!  Five of us spent about $240 with tip.
JaneWe traveled here from several states away to try this restaurant on a recommendation.  We had a reservation for 4 people.  However, we ran into a close family friend and invited her to dinner.  Upon getting there, the hostess/manager refused to add just one chair to the table which definitely had room to do so.  We even offered to sit 3 people to 2 chairs if need be and only order 4 dishes if the chef was worried about cooking too many dishes.  The restaurant at the time was barely half full yet she kept stating that they were at capacity.  What made me the most angry was that the manager didn't even act sorry at all.  A place which charges $$$ for food should have top quality service and that is definitely not what we got today.  What a waste of time.  Reading other reviews about bad service and hit or miss food, I can say I'm glad we skipped out and got dim sum instead.We went there last week and it was very, very good. One of the top places we've been to in Philly. We could really see and taste the artistry in the flavor and texture combinations. Our appetizers were revelations -- velvety tuna tartare in a pickled-cucumber salad with a dollop of perfect, light horseradish cream, and foie gras on a surprising, slightly sweet cracker - almost a cookie. My dining partner had what she called an "amazing monkfish piccata," crispy on the edges but not overcooked, and served with an intense lemon sauce. I had the squab, which was interestingly gamy though perhaps not the most exciting item on the menu. For dessert we had a narrow wedge of rich chocolate tart with "seasonal" strawberries.
I was interested in trying some of that molecular gastronomy I've heard so much about, but there really wasn't much here -- very light foams (or "bubbles") on a couple items and that was about it. I would've like to try some more adventurous dishes.Took my wife here for her birthday. I love how cozy it is. It's like eating in someone's living room. The food was delicious, and the variety was very interesting. It's a tasting menu, so relax and let them spoil you.Haven't been here in years, but stopped by recently to use a Groupon coupon.  Solid as ever. Great knowledgeable, efficient service without being overbearing, lots of free amuse, tasty food thru and through.I was here for the second time a month ago and it was every bit as delicious as my first visit several years ago.
This time I went for University City restaurant week and thought quality/quantity might suffer, but I was dead wrong. The flavors of every dish were just out-of-the-world amazing. The key winner was the corn chowder, that tasted like perfectly ripened sweet corn off the cob. Amazing.
The only gripe was the oppressive heat inside! It was a humid day and the air was not barely circulating. 
FYI: it's BYOB :)Don't miss the Spring Menu at Marigold Kitchen
The setting: warm and welcoming. But what are we really here for, but the palate pleasing palette of delicious, diverse cuisine.  Ten courses, each uttelyr different and completely satisfying.
 Homemade rosemary bread with amazingly flavorful chanterelle butter to break the fast.  Then a panoply of starters - cool and refreshing Edamame Hummus studded with black sesame, brightened with a touch of chili oil and eaten with a light rice cracker; a lemon leek ricotta gnudi dressed with peeled tomato and fresh oregano; and a flavorful salad of lettuces in a puff pastry with sweet nubs of pineapple and crunchy hazelnut. 
The perfectly cooked Thai scallop with a fragrant and dizzyingly delicious curry-coconut sauce with mango, basil and mint was a showstopper, and I almost halted the meal right there since all I wanted was a full plate of this wonderful dish.  But more was still to come.  We moved to red wine when the tender wild boar was served with a braised mustard seed sauce, shiitake mushrooms and fava beans.   Again, my eyes closed with pleasure as I tasted the escargot in a 'good to the last drop' sauce of zinfandel, parmesan and basil.  We took a breath with the refreshing cantaloupe sorbet perfectly matched with cucumber water, a surprising, cool combination.  The perfectly cooked black pearl salmon with Bernaise sauce, a poached egg and Ossetra came next followed by tender free range Australian lamb with tabbouleh, pine nuts and white bean garnish. 
The cheese course was a melted base of Camembert de Normandie with a jellied strawberry and rhubarb flavored with balsamic and thyme.  The chef proved that he also masters chocolate with a rich square of dark chocolate ganache brightened with passionfruit, softened with buttermilk and garnished with edible wild flowers.  But my favorite was the 'finger likin' good' foie gras twix with a slight taste of dulce de leche and a white chocolate crunch candy.
Chef Keith Krajewski  has built on his foundation of training at the Culinary institute of America with flavors and a style that are all his own.  I cannot wait for my next meal at Marigold Kitchen, and following his culinary journey in the years ahead.Well I went here a few weeks ago as a nice low-key outing. We were sat upstairs which was a good thing since it was a humid night and the air conditioning up there made it tolerable. Our server was very pleasant and we enjoyed the meal. I just wasn't blown away by it. Very simple preps done well and nice plating. Nothing memorable and just didn't seem worth the price tag or the hike to get there. 
If you are going here expect a relaxed slow evening. The restaurant seems to focus more of relaxed dining over long periods than quick turn-over and getting as many bodies in a night as possible. 
Definitely make reservations. Since the place is small and seems to fill up fast.My wife and I had the chef's tasting menu for our anniversary, and it was as good a restaurant experience as we've had. The dishes were extremely inventive and varied, exactly what you'd want off of a tasting menu. The pacing and portions were also good - we never felt hungry and walked away satisfied, but also never felt like we were too full to go on. The wait staff was very pleasant and happy to take the time to answer questions, and we very much enjoyed the conversation with the chef at evenings' end. About a month later we ate at Le Bec Fin for a birthday, and walked away agreeing that we had enjoyed our evening at Marigold far more (and for quite a bit less money).I'm going to give this place a second try, because it appears to have better potential than what I experienced.  Went on a Tuesday night, late-ish (around 9:30) and they were busier than I expected (I was actually afraid they'd be closed!), and claimed that they weren't expecting such a crowd so they were short staffed.
 The food was well prepared, but just seemed bland.  Began with the mussels, which were good, with lots of Spanish Chorizo.  The pork shanks, were very substantial and well cooked, but surprisingly lacking in flavor.  The lentils they sat on, however, were fantastic.  I could have eaten a whole side of those!  The other entree, the cod with tomato coulis, was also well prepared but rather boring.With our 6 year anniversary swiftly approaching, I was at a loss as to where we should go to celebrate since I love to try new places, but despite going to so many of the most highly rated restaurants there were still so many options available! I nearly cried with joy when Philly Mag's top 50 rsetaurant list came out, and after looking through the list decided that Marigold Kitchen fit the bill for our celebration.
This byob is very unassuming, located in the corner house on a mostly residential street, and when you enter the feeling of being in someone's (quite nice) home continues. We were promptly seated by the host in the first room, which had some interesting iron and glass work on the walls - I especially liked the one above the fireplace. After our server explained the menu, told us the one special that night (crab mac & cheese), we decided on the 5 course menu. She warned us of the onslaught of amuse bouches that came to our table before our first appetizer; I'd describe all seven, but my review is too long!
Moon Stone Oysters (3 ways: fried, baked, raw) - highly recommended by our server, mostly because of the type of oysters which are quite flavorful. Of course, the three preparations mostly mask that, but my fiancé enjoyed them (I couldn't try myself - it's a little awkward to share something that's pretty much one bite)
Winter Harvest (local root vegetables, coconut gel, curried raisin, nameko mushroom, quinoa-almond powder): a work of art in its plating, and quite delicious, especially if you like beets - there were slices of red, golden, and candy-striped
Duck Egg Carbonara (house-made goat's milk ricotta, squash "noodles," pancetta): wow, this dish was small but super creamy and delicious because of all of the components. You have no choice but to break open the duck egg yolk, which you should definitely swirl around with the noodles and everything else. The pancetta adds the necessary additional salt to combat the richness of the yolk and ricotta, but it isn't a heavy dish at all - my fiance LOVED it
Hamachi (duck kidney mousse, wild mushroom "forrest," puffed sticky rice, mushroom tea): the presentation was great - they brought the mushroom tea first to steap, and then poured it over the little hamachi filet. The wild mushroom 'forest' looked just like they had grown on the side of the plate, and probably had one of every variety of mushroom as part of it, with the duck kidney mousse underneath providing a wonderful fatty salty flavor that enhanced the entire dish. The puffed sticky rice had seaweed in it for another element of salt. Delicious!
Halibut (curried egg-country bread crust, cauliflower in textures, chorizo, red pepper nage): This was my fiance's choice, and it was good (but mine was better :P), the fish was well cooked with a nice crispy crust, the cauliflower was the star of the dish and my fiance's favorite part, the nage just added some moisture to the fish
Diver Scallop (parmesan broth, english peas, pancetta lardoons, wild mushrooms, puffed scallop): yeah, this we agreed was the winning fish entrée - the one large scallop at the center was seared perfectly so that it was still melt in your mouth tender, practically like eating raw scallop, the broth was creamy, a little salty from the parmesan and pancetta, and the peas were so fresh they must've been picked that day. But the best part was the puffed scallop, which is MY version of pork rinds, it was really good I didn't want to give my fiance a large bite, but I allowed a taste
Painted Hill's Filet Of Beef (turnip-horseradish puree, seared foie gras, baby turnip, pear, arugula, caramelized onion pudding): Here is where my fiance won the 'battle of the dishes' because I had to admit that this was the superior dish, and I don't even eat beef. The beef topped with the foie gras was so tender it literally melted in my mouth, and the foie gras was nearly as big of a piece as the beef and richly delish. All of the accompaniments only added to the flavor of the dish, beautifully composed flavors
Duck (crispy skin breast, confit leg, parsnip-white chocolate puree, duck-fat roasted carrots): well cooked, but cut too thick, the puree added perfect sweetness to savory
Chocolate (in various forms & textures): pretty and yummy, but nothing crazy special
Butterscotch Cremeaux (apple, peanut butter, pomegranate, coffee, bergamot, bacon-oatmeal cookies): DELICIOUS. No words, just try and see for yourself
Overall, it was a wonderful meal. I can't believe the negative reviews before our visit (I was terrified we would experience a mouse or nasty service), but everything was clean, beautifully plated and well-cooked, and the staff were all very professional, knowledgeable of the cuisine, and warm and friendly. I highly recommend Marigold Kitchen for a special occasion - it doesn't beat Vetri, but for the price, the amount of food we had, and the creativity behind this molecular gastronomy, Marigold Kitchen is a SERIOUS bargain. WORTHWhat a disappointment. I was sooo excited to go to marigold kitchen for months. We went in a group of 10 for a friend's birthday, and it started out really well. The waitress seemed to be on top of it.. Or so I thought. 
I have 6 food allergies. They are actually pretty easy to avoid, except for dairy and eggs. They sent out 8 amuse bouches through the course of the meal, most if which I couldn't have-- which is fine, but the server kept setting them in front of me knowing full well that I was allergic to them!!
Thankfully, we were there with a chef friend who was on top of everything and recognized that I couldn't have them. When I asked why she kept serving me food I was allergic to, she actually said, "oh we put them there so you can give them to whoever you want."  Had I been unaware or drunk or just not paying attention, I'd have been in the hospital so fast... 
When I told a foodie friend about this let down of an experience, she said "Oh, it's well known that Marigold doesn't modify food even for allergies. Kind of sucks for people like you..." 
Bottom line, don't go here if you need any kind of modification for your meals. They aren't accommodating.Well, i had high hopes for Marigold Kitchen, besides the number 2 rating in Philly Magazine. The buzz surrounding this small byob in university city was fervent and constant.  I had heard things like the new Alinea of Philly and such.  Did it deliver on such high praise and hopes.  One word, a resounding yes.  
I went here with a friend from culinary school, we both had been wanting to come here and the timing was right so we got a reservation just a day ahead which in my book is a big plus.  I was greeted very warmly on a cold "spring" evening and waited for my friend to arrive.  Just from sitting briefly and looking into the dining room i could see i was in for something special.    (Sidenote, others have metnioned about lack of parking, which could not be further from the truth,this is UC and there is free street parking everywhere.)
Once we were seated, we were told about the menu and some of the options, which were very interesting and quite exciting to both myself and my date.   At Marigold, they only do tastings, ranging from 4 to 6 courses.  However, i must mention, you will not be eating just 4 or 6 courses.  You will be eating many many more amouse and small tastes in between and around your meal leading up to certain dishes.  This was a wonderful surprise to both myself and my date.  We did not know we would be tasting so much more, and oh the things we had.  Honestly, i couldnt even do it justice trying to remember all the elements and different flavors we experienced, suffice to say it ranged all over the map from the best foie and chocolate cookie bite i have ever had in my life to brilliant palate cleansers and everthing in between.  (other have mentioned how hungry they have been upon leaving. I don't know if they are just being picky or just being obese because i am 6-5 225 and i was stuffed when we were finished).
My dishes were a trio of oysters, hamachi with a gorgeous wonderful aromatic mushroom dashi, duck 3 ways and with amazing white chocolate puree, and for desert a tasting of choclates which was very very good, im not even a huge chocolate person but this was great, amazing textures and flavors. My date had the beef tartar which was truly stunning with a blue cheese ice cream and many other flavors such as red and golden beet in different textures, followed by an octopus dish which was great, then seared scallops in a parmesan broth with peas and pancetta, it was incredible.  For desert she had the carrot cake with goats milk ice cream which was really good.  The food was just amazing and the service was right on par with it, truly a memorable dining experience, i will be back.  The chef was so gracious as to come out and speak with us and inquire how the meal was.   Truly worthy of all its acclaim.Sunday brunch was great at Marigold Kitchen.  The small setting and rustic-chic decor gives the feeling of dining in the parlor of someone's home, which in a sense, you are.  Food was great all the way around.  A unique, delicious place for bunch. Looking forward to coming back for dinner.
From the menu the table ordered duck fat fries and popovers to start.  The fries come with three dipping sauces, all delicious, especially the truffle aioli.  The popovers were very good and a surprise highlight of the meal.  Flaky and crispy outside, soft and doughy under the crust.  Popovers came with a homemade raspberry jam.  Man were they good with some coffee.  For mains the table ordered pheasant and waffles, two crab omelets, and a duck confit panini.  Everyone was very pleased.  Out of those choices I believe the crab omelet was the star.  Other options on the menu looked inciting as well.  We were in a hurry and forgot to pick up champagne as it is a byob.  Next time we'll be sure to bring the bubbly.
In addition to the food and ambiance the service was very friendly and professional.  Finally, to top it off, the menu is very reasonably priced.  I don't like to give out too many five-star ratings, but I can't think of anything negative about this brunch experience.  Way to go Marigold, keep it up!My hubby and I wanted to have a nice dinner during our brief trip to Philly and read about Marigold Kitchen in the Philadelphia's "The 50 Best Restaurants in Philadelphia: 2013."  It was #2 on the list with BYOB and $65 for a tasting menu.  
Please note that dinner here was NOT $65.  It is now $85.  I wish we knew this going in, we probably would have gone somewhere else.  We did enjoy our meal and loved the culinary adventure, but it was a little more than what I would have liked to spend on dinner. 
I called up and made a reservation the same day for 8pm.  Apparently there was a cancellation and we lucked out.  I also mentioned I have a slight dairy allergy.  I don't eat cheese.
We arrived at 8pm and were seated upstairs.  It's a very intimate restaurant in an older house.  We don't have restaurants like this in NYC - so it was really unique to be eating in what was probably someone's living room. 
Our server took our beer to keep cold for us and got us a few glasses.  Since its a tasting menu we just sat back and enjoyed the ride.  
Food came out over the course of 2.5 hours.  We were super hungry, so we gobbled up the first few courses and then slowed down later on.  The food was interesting, some dishes were definitely better than others.  
Here are a few options:
Liquid Nitro Popcorn - this was fun to eat, but it's just popcorn.  It was an easy starter and went well with our beer.  Never had anything like it. 
Gazpacho Dippin' Dots - I love dippin' dots, so I was a big fan of this. Wish they served more than 1 small spoon full.  It really did taste like gazpacho!   
Everything Carrot - this was just okay.  Crispy carrots covered in the seeds, etc. that an everything bagel would have.  I could live w/out this option.  
Cracker w/ 2 Year Aged Cabot Clothbound Cheddar - I couldn't eat this but they brought me one anyway.  Gave it to my husband who liked this.  Is this really considered a course??  It was literally the size of a chex.  
Lobster Bisque w/ Thyme Bubbles - we would soon learn that the chef loves bubbles... this wasn't good.  It was way too watery and had a strange flavor.  I just took a small sip since dairy makes me feel a little "eh"  My husband didn't like this either.  It was essentially a drink, yuck. 
Roasted Corn Ravioli - I loved this but was worried it had cheese... I took the chance anyway.  It was worth it.  Once of the best small dishes of the night. 
Beef Tartare - this was amazing.  The best beef tartare I ever had.  It came with a ton of garnishes that you eat in clockwise with the beef.  There were different sauces and mustard ice cream... each one was unique and added a complexity to the beef.  I could have eaten this all night.   
House Cured Kago Buri Hamachi w/ Wild Mushroom Forest, Mushroom Tea - another delicious dish.  The broth was delicious, the fish was succulent and the mushrooms were amazing.  Be careful w/ the bowl - it's rather unsteady. 
Duck Egg "Carbonara" w/ spaghetti squash, Sheep's Milk Ricotta, Pancetta - I couldn't eat this because of the cheese.  my husband loved it.  I forget what I got instead, but it was good... 
Lamb w/ Summer Beans, Artichoke, Chick Pea Panisse, Cauliflower-Almond Puree - this was delicious as well.  The lamb was cooked perfectly and went well with all the sides.  It was only a few ounces, but at this point in the meal, you're already getting full and couldn't eat a huge portion anyway.  
Cheese Plate w/ Doe Run Bathed In Victory, Valley Shepherd Creamery More-Beer, Point Reyes Blue - this was a rather large portion for just one person.  Perhaps they forgot I couldn't eat cheese.  My husband loved it.   
Summer Fruits & Berries w/ Goat's Kefir Ice Cream, Mint, White Chocolate Powder, Rose Water Consommé - I thought this was really good.  I had a sorbet instead of the ice cream.  
Overall, the meal was tasty and interesting.  They paced it well so we could enjoy each dish.  I feel like a number of items were just "eh" and I could have gone w/out.  I don't know if they added a number of these items to make the price point more expensive since they can now say it's a 10 - 12 tasting menu.  Some of the options were literally just a single bite and I would have rather received a smaller number of items and focused on the heroes of the meal, which were the Hamachi, Lamb, Beef Tartare and the dessert.  The food was more like a culinary experiment, there were bubbles in various flavors and lots of liquid nitro to make things smoke.  I'm sure the chef was having fun in the back w/ all these options, but it really didn't rock my boat.
We were surprised when the bill came.  We kept reading reviews online and everyone talks about the $65 tasting menu.  We're glad we came here and had a lovely time, but had we known it was $85, we probably wouldn't have tried it.   
Did we enjoy our meal - yes.  Would we come back - probably not.Went back to Marigold Kitchen because I really like Erin O'Shea's menu and cooking.  The standards were all great - Stone-Ground Grits with Butter-Poached Oysters, the salads, the perfectly cooked hangar steak.  I have, however, a couple small misgivings: plates should be warmed so that dishes are not getting cold almost immediately.  The tapioca pudding with pickled water melon was a very sad looking dessert - a small amount of tapioca with a miniscule amount of water melon, not enough to break the monotony of eating tapioca.
The service, as always, was most friendly and accommodating, but slows down considerably when the restaurant fills up.  Something should be done to soften the very high decibel level in the main dining room.BEWARE: On a weekend night, a meal at Marigold can take more than 3 hours.  Also, it can be extremely loud - difficult to hold a conversation.  The food is extraordinary, but don't go here on a weekend unless you want to avoid talking to the person you're dining with for a very, very long time.We went on New Years Eve, so we weren't expecting their absolute best.  They were offering 6 courses for $65, and to be fair the portions were surprisingly generous for a tasting menu.  
Chef Erin O'Shea does a nice job of pairing sweet and savory flavors, which was helpful because the meats and fishes were far too salty.  I ended up not finishing the trout (3rd course) and bypassing the quail (4th course) altogether.  The gingerbread cake and pistachio ice cream had a wonderful texture and taste and I would get it again if it were on the regular menu.  
What really killed it for us was that we were there for three hours!  And that was after we asked them to omit one course because we just couldn't sit in the chairs any longer.  Basically we were waiting half an hour between courses, and oddly other tables were served ahead of us.  It was hard to comprehend because otherwise the service was very knowledgeable and attentive.  The one bathroom had a long line and no lights.
The food was intriguing, but not really worth the back pain.I came for brunch and I am in love with this place!
Tried the
-French Toast "Elvis Style"
-Egg Benedict (SO GOOD)
Disappointed by nothing. Definitely coming back for dinner.Really in terms of price to quality 3.5. I came here with my girlfriend and brother last year as my brother was visiting from out of town. It been 6 months and only now writing review because while I had great time don't have that much to say.  It Is a prefixed many course meal for comparatively a reasonable price but the food doesn't blow your king. Portions are very small but you won't leave hungry. We are vegetarian  so for the main dish they literally just Swapped proteins and gave us tofu instead of chicken. It was bad because it was just something I could make at home. The best part is how intimate it is there were only 3 tables that night and that it is byobA good solid 3.5 or 4.  Loved this place.  May have been a little understaffed in terms of wait staff, but the food was very pleasant.  The service was not on par as some other places (unlike Southwark, not as attentive or quick), but the food was definiately creative and very good.  They have seasonal specialties and they are really, very good.  A BYOB in every sense,  I don't think they serve anything besides water.  Made reservations and came here on a Friday night, two appetizers and 2 main courses.  All were very good, especially the scallops here.  Will not hesitate to go back, though they do close a bit early.  Last call is at 9:30PM.MAJOR CHANGE....They've eliminated the menu and gone to a 16 "course" fixed menu with three entree options. Went with 9 friends and made it to course #7 before the laughter and hunger overtook us and we had to leave....terrible. Want more info ? The first course was a couple popcorn funnels with dry ice for effect (not kidding). Then came 3 slices of head cheese for 10 people, enough said ?This was one of the most enjoyable dining experiences I have ever had! We did the 4 course tasting menu, and it was just one surprise after another. Our server was very attentive, and casual in a good way! I love that they take risks with their dishes - there were a couple misses, but what can you expect when you are served almost 4 courses with about 6 amuse bouche. The whole experience lasted 2.5 hours. What a great way to spend a night out with my husband. Enthusiastically recommend it!This is an absolutely phenomenal restaurant for the price of an average restaurant.  Two of us ordered 3 average-priced courses and the total price was ~$90 (before tip).  So, we ordered 3 courses, but were treated to an additional 11 courses of amuse-bouches, those little tasy bites that some chefs insert between courses.  we actually had six different courses before our salad/appetizer arrived.  Each and every course was interesting and tasty.
This is worth traveling for.  This place should be packed every night.Had dinner there last Saturday. I thought it was quite good - but not great - for a few reasons. As a result I can just give 2 stars, though it could have earned more. Based on my experience it is hard to see how it is a top-5 restaurant; I would rate Talula's Garden and Mica higher (with Mica topping that list).
My wife and I were seated on the 2nd floor, which seems more quiet and was fine. But we both did notice that the bathroom on that floor seemed to have a water leak from the 3rd floor and so there was a bit of the ceiling hanging down a bit near the window and it was black-stained, which was kind of gross in a way.
The knowledge of the wait staff varied widely. Our main waiter was very, very good. But some courses were brought by other people and they were nowhere near as knowledgeable. For example, we noticed two courses delivered by another gentleman and the description of each was quite lacking. One was a cheese course - and we actually listened in on a table behind us getting the same course in order to hear the much longer & more detailed description. Another course came that we swear the person said included lobster but were later told by the main waiter was pork belly. So suffice it to say, our main server was very good and had a great personality but not all the waitstaff were to this standard (we expected better).
Lastly, one course came out that had a (live) bug in the middle of it. In credit to the restaurant it was small and hard to spot and they immediately removed the plate and replaced it 5 minutes later with a fresh course, and were apologetic.
Oh - one last odd touch -- the steak knives we had were from Ikea. The wood was a bit worn from washing them but more than anything it just seemed kind of out of place.Best. Culinary. Experience. Ever. From the moment you walk to when you leave, you will be treated like royalties and dine like Iron Chefs. Seriously, its every foodie's dream! The $90 per person 13 course tasting menu is extravagant and fancy, perfect for special occasions. The boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary, and the staff reminded us of how special our day was on multiple occasions, like a 'happy anniversary' card placement, candles on dessert course and being the first to try the new dish-passion fruit sugar cane. Plus they even offered to take care of our parking ticket if we get one! 
Reasons for my obsession - 
- Phenomenal customer service!!! 
- The dishes may be small, but they are packed with flavor. Each bite is an explosion in your month. Literally a party for your palate. The ingredients married together beautifully. And don't even get me started about the plating. The flavors were perfectly balance, yet potent, and it enhanced the freshness and integrity of the ingredients. 
- Love that the ingredients are seasonal and local, which explains why the tasting menu is changed twice every season. 
- Great at accommodating dietary restrictions while not compromising quality. 
- You might expect to not be full due to the small portions, but remember there are 13 courses. My boyfriend and I are both big eaters, and we both left very satisfied!
- The pacing of courses was great. In between wine, conversations, food, we never felt rushed once. The staff was also very open to feedback and critics of the dishes. 
- The first two floor are for customer seating, and the third floor are actually some living quarters for the chefs. Talk about dedication and commitment! 
- Its BYOB!! Tip: Bring two bottles of wine, you'll thank me after 2.5 hours. 
Places like Marigold Kitchen stay small to be customer service focused, while continuing to uphold their high quality of food. Maybe its the small portions or just the ridiculous delicious food, but dining here really made me savor every bite and appreciate all the details and work the chefs make for each plate.
Don't go for dining days. Make a reservation for your special occasion and bring your favorite wine, you won't regret it!Had the tasting menu, got the cheapest one, still plenty of food, great deal.  This place is great, innovative dishes, and compared to the low standards and high prices typical of University City, truly great.Just had a great meal at Marigold Kitchen BYOB.
I had a good experience before but now that there's this new chef and she focusing on "southern" cooking, I was curious to see what all the buzz was about.
One may thing southern influence would be heavy and rich, this menu seemed light and fresh.  The chef puts her southern accent onto the dishes rather than only supply authentic heavy southern food.  
So, with my friends, we shared everything to enjoy it all as much as possible.  
The appetizers were great: 
Byrd Mill Stone-Ground Grits and Shrimp= great shrimp and the creamiest grits my one friend had ever had.  I don't eat grits but these were great.
also had: Vidalia Onion Soup with Grape Tomatoes and Scallion and WOW.  This was incredible.  The creaminess made it perfect as soup experiences go.  When we commented on it, the server explained the chef's forte was soup and that was easy to believe.
As for 2nd courses:
-Halibut with Beluga Lentils, Poached Grape Tomatoes and Creamed Ramps =this was light, flaky and my friend compared it to great Chilean sea bass.
-Beef Hanger Steak with Creamer Potatoes and Fiddlehead Ferns = this was super tender and with a wonderful flavor.  Even the carrots were tasty.
-Chive Gnocchi with Spinach, Red Bell Peppers and Shiitake Mushrooms = these are great.  They're light, creamy and potato/chive flavor is super.  I'm getting hungry just typing this.
The cheese plate was also a treat that included unexpected pairings that seemed like culinary ecstasy.  White choc, dried apricots and sliced dates all set off each of the cheeses.  We felt guilty eating all this, but not enough to completely skip dessert.  
We ended with great La Colombe coffee and ordered the Orange Blossom Cake with Coconut, Boiled White Icing and Honey Ice Cream.
This was light and richly sweet and definitely made us think southern sweets.  The accompanying honey ice cream was enough in of itself.
However, when we asked questions and showed curiosity concerning the sour cream ice cream that came with the tart, the server was generous enough to bring a small dish of that too for us to try.  
This meal was really flawless.  Service was great and the atmosphere pleasant and relaxing.  
I'd have to recommend pretty much anything Steven Cook is connected to, that guy is gold.In late 2013 I returned to Marigold Kitchen with fond memories of my first visit, but ended up highly disappointed. While before it felt like a warm, cozy home with casual service and unique food... it is no longer any of those things. Its pretentiousness has gone off the charts.
In 2011, the food was billed as several courses (maybe 4?), while amuse bouche treats came as out as lovely bite-sized surprises throughout the meal. In 2013, its now a "14 course meal" composed entirely of bite-sized "courses". 
The service TOTALLY killed the experience. 14 courses meant that servers were at our table constantly. Every few minutes, a server came to ceremoniously set our place for the next course, then the food came out with a flourish and long-winded explanation and instructions we had to follow when eating it. The tables were so close together that even when we weren't getting the full Marigold Technical Guide to Eating lecture, our conversation was interrupted by the neighboring table's lesson. It might be great for an awkward first date, but my husband and I actually wanted to hold a conversation with each other without constant interruptions. 
Also awful: allergies. When I made the reservation, I let them know my husband has a few food allergies. Both the hostess and server made a point of mentioning it and listing them (a little awkward for my husband to feel singled out, but thoughtful I guess). Then when the plates came out.... there were the foods he was allergic to. I guess because much of it is "deconstructed", they expected him to eat around it, as to not disturb the presentation? But it was highly annoying because nowhere in the 5-minute presentation for each plate did they point out the (known!) allergens or apologize for not modifying their plating. Luckily we spotted them all and he was able to avoid them. What was the point of confirming with us, if you're just going to ignore it? 
While the food was still tasty, I kept thinking that the taste itself was exactly the same as any other highly-rated restaurant in Philly. The only difference was the molecular gastronomy treatment. Full marks for the roasted corn ravioli, though - that was top notch.
It was awkward when the chef came out to greet the tables at the end of the night. I wanted to give my honest opinion, but it was clear from his air that he was just doing a victory lap, so I kept my opinion for Yelp.
I give the hostess points for being super friendly and accommodating - I called that we wouldn't make it due to a broken down car, and they graciously made room for us to come later in the evening. She was nothing but lovely.
Final shock: THE BILL! While we knew it was a set menu (for which they gave us a printed "keepsake" copy at the end of the night), never was the price of the meal discussed. It was $85 each, which I thought was absurd given that last time I checked, it was much cheaper and the amuse bouche treats were "complementary". 
Final strangeness - the final course was given to us as a to-go bag. Why bother listing it as a course, when you're treating it like a mint you grab at the hostess stand on the way out?A wonderful experience from start to finish!   I loved the creativity of the chef.  You get to taste many different bites---most were a joy to the palate. A demitasse of white bean soup was a delicious tease.  Service was attentive and you met the entire waitstaff as they brought the small bites.  It was nice to feel relaxed and not rushed during the meal.The best meal I've had in Philly. Hands down.
Even at $65 a person for the 4 course tasting menu, it's a steal (and I can tend to be a penny pincher).  Plus it's BYO. 
The meal is long, but very well paced, so that you don't even notice that you have been eating for three hours straight.  All the amuse bouche (10 I think) that they bring out are fantastic.  
It feels like a lot of food because there is so much variety, but you don't leave feeling ridiculously stuffed.  You'll feel perfectly satisfied and hoping that another special occasion will come up that will prompt a return trip.First off for people who choose to visit this is establishment, THERE IS NO PARKING.  Street parking is extremely limited, so definitely use a taxi as your transportation.  With that out of the way:
If you've got oodles of time and money to spend on what's basically well presented hors d'oeuvres, this might be a good option for you.  If you're looking to actually eat dinner, then this would be a horrible choice.  
The service is excellent, and the kitchen is certainly creative, but the portions are tiny.  And no, you can't just drop in for an appetizer or dessert, the _minimum_ you can spend here is $65 for a four course meal.
Last but not least, the atmosphere is not what you'd expect for a high-end restaurant.  Simple bare walls, a semi-functioning gas fireplace, and a 20 year old bathroom don't really add much in the way of elegance.Service was eh for "fine dining" i expected the server to at least smile or pretend a little bit that they wanted to be there.
Food was delicious but extremely small portions.Marigold kitchen is the perfect example of super fancy food that I would NEVER even attempt at home (frozen salad...?!) in the most cozy, classy, and unpretentious setting.  
My boyfriend took me here for our anniversary last friday - what a treat! The staff was very friendly and genuine. I was a little unsure after seeing the size of some of the portions if we would indeed make a meal out of this or would be ordering a late bite from somewhere else - but two and a half hours later, we were both plenty satiated. The non-menu thing is really nice...like really nice. You literally just sit and food comes. No decisions, no compromising, no trying to gauge if you have ordered too much food or not enough (I know I know, first world problems).  
Each dish that came out felt like a little gift surprise. They were all wonderful to try, though I wish that butternut squash bisque could be taken to go. Cinnamon bubbles, are you f*@#ing kidding me?! Who makes those, the little cinnamon fairy? Jeez..that soup. We stuck with the fish themed plates since I am only eating sea creatures these days, but even my super carnivore man felt plenty satisfied. He did get to have lamb for his "entree", which I thought was really awesome of MK .  The other thing I wish I knew how to replicate was the chocolate mousse thing..I think it was the 1st round of dessert after the cheese plate. Oh. My. God. I mean, I love chocolate and would pretty much eat it in any form, at any time of day..but this little prize was the best chocolate I have ever ingested. It was topped with..stuff..but all I can think about was the chocolate.  
In my wine induced food coma, I left without taking the menu. Much to the amusement of said beau, I called the next day and asked if I could still have one. The staff was nice enough to tell me I could drop by this week and pick one up..so bonus points there too. Not that you should need any more reasons to go here by this point.i've been to marigold kitchen 3 times over the past few years.  i still like it, but it wasn't as enjoyable as the previous two times.  i had the pork belly and fried green tomato salad.  it was good, but a bit salty.  for the entree i had the the rib eye - medium rare.  it was much more on the rare side, but tasty regardless.  my friend's halibut in ham broth with a sunny side up egg also a little on the salty side.  for dessert we shared the cheese plate.  i am not a huge fan of goat cheese, but humboldt fog is definitely an exception to that statement.  there was also a hard sheep's milk cheese paired with white chocolate.  i wouldn't normally put those 2 together, but the worked.  the 3rd cheese was a nice blue cheese.  
i'd recommend it, but i am not sure if it is on my short list of philly byobs.Great BYO that seems to reinvent itself fairly often--but not because it needs to.  Comfortable atmosphere tucked away in a Brownstone in West Philly.  The foie gras appetizer was unbelievable.  I can't imagine coming here and not getting it.  I gradually got sadder after watching it disappear bite by bite on my plate.  The monkfish and paella entres were great too. Dessert was also well executed.  I would hesitate to call this place spectacular or elite, but it is amazingly solid and consistent.  It's a regular in my rotation and doesn't seem to be in danger of falling out anytime soon.So, my supper club formally debuted tonight even though we've all been dining together the past 4 months in various BYOB places. we had a private room upstairs for a party of 8. Ambiance is 3 out of 5 stars, a bit warm even though they had an AC. It was lovely to have a private room especially since my little brother was in rare form - that means, he was loud! Food was a bit spotty. The chef most certainly had the "foam" theme going in most of his food presentation. I ordered the pork tenderloin & chef recommended medium rare, a little pink. It still came out dry. My friend's hanger steak was alright. The monk fish was lukewarm. But, the appetizers were a hit! The escargot, peekytoe crab, bruschetta with sardines were all very tasty to the palette. Dessert was a happy ending to all of us. Will I come back? Not sure.  They have had a high turnover of chefs the last 4 years. They have a new chef this past year. I still recommend it is worthwhile checking out for Restaurant Week.Cute restaurant with VERY excellent service. That said, of the 11 course menu, 5 were purely vegetarian, there was 1 shellfish course, 1 fish courses 1 chicken course, and then 3 dessert courses. Some of the courses were boring and bland (a fried onion. Really?) - some were very creative and delicious. I wish I had been told that this was a vegetarian focused restaurant, as I never would have come. How do you not have a single course with meat? Just not worth the cost - and I have no issue with expensive tasting menus, but this didn't seem worth it to me. Very mediocre and disappointing.