I love this establishment. I had the best cheesesteak here. The food is pretty solid and there is usually a small line of folks waiting to order. The people are also very friendly.  This a place that has a lot of love for its food and everyone.So this was my first time in Philadelphia and I definitely loved it ! It was authentic from the cooking to the delivery . They aren't stingy on the meat  at all ! Which makes me happy ! The price is reasonable.I was out in Philliy for a night out and wanted to get a cheesesteak. I expected this place to be nothing less than amazing due to great reviews it received. For starters my chicken cheese steak had zero salt and pepper. I was eating bland meat with ketchup and onions. I waited in line for 15 minutes just to be disappointed. I really wanted to like this place, unfortunately it was a disappointment. Would rather go to pats and get their wiz cheese.Literally asked the guy if I can order pick up, mind you I waited 2 mins for someone to pick up the phone. After he said no phone orders after 3 he hung up IMMEDIATELY. Didn't give me a chance to ask any further questions. I understand this place has good ratings, but don't get fooled by their horrible customer service. I rather go to steves or genos and take the 20 min extra car ride, at least I'll get better CUSTOMER SERVICEHands down. This spot is the best place in steaks.  The location is off the beaten path but once you take your first taste you'll be dreaming about when you can get back there again. Believe it!I stopped by last year when I was in the area. All I can say is YUM!!!!!!!!!!If it's good enough for Rick Ross (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKJy4GSLA10), it's good enough for me.
This has actually become my favorite place for steaks in Philly.  Every other place bores me in comparison to Max's.  My man behind the grill is a true entertainer and a master griller.  He somehow manages to take orders, man the grill, keep orders straight, keep people from getting pissed off, and construct an outstanding sandwich.  This is quite the feat considering how packed this place can get.
As mentioned by others, the giant his HUGE.  Not only is it twice as long as a normal steak anywhere else, but they pack it with meat and anything else you want on it.  Because there is so much meat, it can get a bit dry so I suggest getting whiz over American and maybe adding some ketchup (or your condiment of choice).  I consider myself a big eater, and I can't finish a giant in one sitting.  I tried hard because it was so tasty but had to give up.  A giant will run you somewhere in the neighborhood of $15.
As an added bonus, Max's sells beer for takeout.  It is also connected to the Eagle Bar, which looked like a nice place--people seemed to be enjoying themselves.My favorite spot in Philly for cheesesteaks... it is in the hood...reminds me of 125th street or fordham road back in the late 80s or 90s ... if you're not comfortable in the hood I suggest you go early or in with a few ppl .. ..
Cheap prices especially for beer...they even sell 40s ... :)..Finally made it to the infamous Max's Steaks...
While this spot has been around for years the movie Creed made it more popular and touristy. It's located on the corner of a urban area in North Philly. The outside isn't the prettiest. Extremely small parking lot located next door. You have to rely on street parking if you strike out. A bus stop is directly in front of Max's as well as the street car stop a few feet away so be prepared to possibly deal with some interesting personalities on your way in.
I felt like I had the luck of good timing when I pulled up because I didn't see a line going out the door and around the corner....little did I know that this just the beginning! When you enter you will see signs that say "order here" and "pay here". However, it can get a little confusing to those that don't know the "process". 
You kinda have to step back and wait around for them to call you once you sandwich is ready for the toppings. In the meantime you are hoping and praying that they don't confuse people and orders because it's not like they are relying on a number/name system or something. It's all about "hey you, you're next" type of thing. 
I decided to snap a quick picture of the steak/onions being cooked on the grill. The cook kinda dodged out of the way of the pic, gave me a strange look and said "Where are you from sweetie?" I said "From Maryland, why what's up?" Again he looks at me side-eye and another worker yells out "WE DON'T LIKE PICTURES UP IN HERE!" Now y'all Yelpers know me right?! So, I looked at him and said oh really!? Well, where is the sign for that? Where is the sign that says no pics?! I'm like y'all have 50 gazillion other signs in here that scream "NO TIPS" "NO TIPPING" BUT YET AND STILL I CLEARLY SEE YOU EXCEPTING TIPS FROM CUSTOMERS?!!? And I'm not even going to get started on the other pics that are already on Yelp AND the few Youtube videos I came across of people recording getting there food made! Who does that? LOL Oh ok, clearly that's how they roll here. I have no problem with respecting how they feel about pictures being taken. What I do have a problem with is that you clearly know this a tourist attraction mainly due to you allowing them to film part of a movie here and you have all these no tipping signs...MAKE A SIGN OR TWO THAT SAYS "NO PICTURES ALLOWED!" or even "NO LOITERING" for all of your "friendly" people that linger around your spot. I mean geesh, signs are not super expensive to order and install! SMH! This bothered me BUT I remained optimistic for good food and chalked it up to where I was...
So, I decided to just sip my tea, wait patiently on this steak and cheese and hope and pray it's not as dry as the steak was looking on the grill cause it look like it was being overcooked. There were 3 people in front of me waiting for there food...it literally took about about 30 minutes for my order to be ready! For the life of me I can't understand what takes so long...the steak is basically already cooked. All you are doing is melting cheese, adding toppings, cut, wrap and out you go. I would understand the wait more if the food was being prepared as order but it is not.
Last but not least; 2 sandwiches came up to almost $20.  Gave the cashier the $20, she gave a nice smile with that same look she gave the other customers that were tipping IN SPITE OF THE "NO TIPPING" SIGN! I left a tip in spite of what had happened SMH I sssooo wanted to say "Can I get pic of that?!?" just for the hell of it?! LMAO! 
My sandwich was good but the meat was too overcooked for me. It was seasoned very well but just way too overcooked. North Philly is a little out of the way from where I usually go and unfortunately nothing about this sandwich made me want to drive all the way back here...I haven't had a Max's cheesesteak in years so i was looking forward to it. The steak was mediocre, not much taste. I think the problem is the salt and pepper need to be added while it's cooking. And then there was a little too much grease (is there such a thing?). I might go back in the future...maybe.A month ago..I had the BEST cheesesteaks of my life. I ate cheesesteaks before at Pat's, Geno's and even Jim's on South Street BUT NOTHING compared to the Thick,mouthwatering,delicious cheesesteaks I had visiting max.It was very busy n line out the door,but that cheesesteaks with this sauce dude put on it MADE me order another one for later that night. Its in an urban area on a small side street on the corner with metered parking.Go to MAX'S for ALL your cheesesteaks needs.Does this picture look like I'm lying lol.There really isn't much I can say other than Max's is the BEST! 
I'm from the DC area and drove to Philly for a quick day trip and Max's was definitely on the to-do list. I've been here once before and at first you are a little leery about the area but once inside, you know this is the place you want to be.  This visit we went to Max's and had a cheese steak and grabbed a booth in the bar and enjoyed music and strong drinks at a great price. The servers and bartenders were awesome and kept us happy!! We went by the next morning  to take a sandwich back home with us and ended up, relaxing again and sharing a hoagie and a cheese steak. The experience at Max's is one of a kind and one you will never forget.  
I totally recommend Max's to anyone that wants an authentic cheese steak.You can't beat Maxx's. I've been to a number of the "tourist" steak joints as well as the loval ones and Maxx's is still my favorite. Every friend that visits philly gets a giant on me an they're hooked. You won't find a better spot for cheesesteaks and you might be able to grab a few "unofficial" movies and scented oils while you're there!WhenI come visit from Atlanta Max's is my first stop .... this cheesesteak is cooked to perfection and all I can say is yes.... yes... yesLooooooooooved this cheese steak!!!!! Cook is very funny thought a bit slow in the cooking. Its a hood place so something different from the norm... make sure you go there!!! Took some back to Texas!!!!Max's was very good! I would definitely go again. My only complaint is that I had to wait in line for over an hour to just place my order. Besides that I give it a thumbs up!Had a cheesesteak and a chicken cheesesteak split them with my friend. Both were really good.  The grill guy was so friendly. I didn't think I would eat all of my food and i did. It's connected to a bar. Mad that we went early and i didn't want to drink yet. Would i go back hell yeah. Do i love it more than ishkabibbles? No but it was good.Very happy with our choice today. I like their juicy sirloin steak with sautéed onions and not overloaded with cheese. My half also came with jalapeño peppers - just enough to hit my tastebuds! Place is not centrally located, in North Philly. We went on a snowy and cold day and there was no line around 12:15pm! Thumb up!The food isn't the same anymore. They give less than before. The steak is still good it just isn't worth the same price as before if they not giving the same amount of meat. The staff is nice when I come in the restaurant. I don't fault them for the lack of food. Its so sad I use to feed 4 people off 1 cheesesteak and til have a some left over for the next day. Now you can eat the whole thing by yourself. Its a great place for a steak or hoagie but don't think you going to get a huge steak or hoagie. But its cool I guess they had to cut down on the portions. cut down on the price would be nicer. lolSlamming!!!!! Are you a vegan?? Well I'm a meatin' hahahhahahha!!! A 2 foot sandwich, softest hoagie bread ever!!! Stopped by on my way home from atlantic city! As tired as I was from birthday partying, Max's made my weekend!!! Next time I've got a fix for cheesesteaks and men with beards, germantown ave will see me!!!!Many moons ago we stopped here off a local's recommendation on a roadtrip to Philly then NYC.
Asked one of the people handing out tour buses passes "Look, I don't care where that pamphlet says I should eat - where do YOU think I should eat?" This is where he sent me that blessed saint of a tour guide. May have been an apparition? Not sure now.
Drove up from the Liberty Bell and all that and as we're walking into the place, what I believe was either a pimp or someone cos-playing a pimp walked out of a stretch cadillac, but one of them 80's ones that aren't too stretchy, and it felt like home.
Walked in and a guy who's govt name I can't remember now, but I do remember after I asked him what it was he opened his button-up to reveal a crimson S and goes "But you can call me Superman." This was years ago now - about 6 - but I've never forgotten that guy, those moments, and that incredible sandwich. Lotta meat, fresh bread, wrapped up right and the fries were decent too.
Sandwiches are my favorite food group. This thing was gigantic, fresh, and eating it in the bar attached was exactly how I wanted to eat this thing. Not the biggest fan of ketchup as a condiment (Chicago Style hot dog residuals I'm sure) but everything came together and I'm traveling back in February for exactly this. Never change Max's.Sketchy area. Sketchy patrons. Sketchy parking. Polite staff. Excellent cheesesteak. You can buy 40s for $3. And if you order a large sandwich, you're going to get a three foot sandwich.Very Good steaks. Sometimes the staff can be pretty rude and they're cash only so if you only use credit be prepared to find an ATM.. also be care of the drug addicts that roam the area and often come into Max's begging and pick pocketing.I'm not from Philly; I am a proud New Yorker, but I appreciate a great Cheesesteak. I was told this was a good place I should visit while in the city. The location was right on the corner, and very hard to miss. I walked in and the line was pretty long but the employees were hard at work-- they were friendly, would ask everyone how they wanted their sandwich, and whether you wanted a full or half. Go with the half, the full Philly is huge-- so if that is your choice, better pack a big appetite.
I've seen a few reviews who stated the area was sketchy, but that's fine for me. Typically, your best or most authentic meals will come from areas that are deemed "sketchy". This place seemed to be a favorite of comedian Kevin Hart, because I observed a few pictures of him on the outside. Also, an employee mentioned he was there frequently, and recently. 
Overall, this place was cool, it was different from all the other cheesesteak places I've visited thus far, yet I was still pleased.Great steak and cheese! Best I've had in philly yet! And there's a bar attached so you can get a shy while you wait. What more could you ask for?!? Couldn't figure out why Yelp said they closed at 7 pm. The guy working there said 1 am.Forget New York, these steaks are what dreams are made out of. You aint everyday hustlin' till you get some of this. (Btw, Rick Ross, aka Officer Ricky, is the police but he loves this place so we'll give him a free pass)
Back to Max's. Best steaks in Philly. Edges out Chink's. I saw the massive amounts of meat they were piling on as I waited for mine, so I expected that to be good. But two things surprised me:
1. The bread - most underrated part of a cheese steak. This is where places like Dalessando's gets crushed by Max's (Pat's and Geno's aren't even in the same city as the conversation... uh... figure of speech). I can't even describe the bread Max's uses - it fits the meat and just gets it done.
2. The spice - I asked for some peppers and hot sauce on mine and this was pretty legit hot sauce. It hit the spot on hot.
They do sorta take their sweet time making the steaks, but it is no doubt worth the wait. You can't rush art.
Now the real question is... if this is the best steak joint in Philly, is it the best in the world?Simply Delicious! I was in town on vacay and I could not leave until I tried a "real philly." I yelped places and Max never came up (shady). Something in me told me to contact a friend from Philly for a recommendation and sure enough it was not what yelp had at the top of the list. Per a local woman's recommendation I had the steak w/ sweet peppers, onions, provolone, ketchup, and light mayo and it was bomb!!! So much meat it could feed 3! I warmed up leftovers the next day and it was even better (not soggie)!!!Definitely a must have if I visit Philly again. P.S. from reviews it talked about being in the "hood" I was nervous b/c we were in a new place, but I also no the "hole in the walls" have THE best food. We went at 10pm there was a bar/club popping next door and no one got out if line. However, parking sucked it took like 15 min to find a park.Good price $8.25 for a foot long cheesesteak. Main downside is the long wait. Come at an off hour, like 4:30. You won't have to wait in line for 30+ min, and you may see some babies, which are as big as the cheesesteak. 
Speak loudly and clearly for the people taking your order. It will speed things up. 
Tell them:
Whiz or some other [inferior] cheese
onions or no
hot peppers or no
sweet peppers or no
pickles or no
Cash only. Have your dollar bills in hand. Don't be a turd.I'm trying to hit all the cheese steak places.  But this place makes the best so far.  So much fun going there.  Must eat place.  Meaning you must have a Max'sWe drove from NYC to this PA only for Philly Cheese Steaks on July 4th. We saw the great reviews on yelp so we decided to come here for its famous Cheese Steaks. We were a bit concerned when we first arrived because of the neighborhood. Not very safe neighborhood per say... Some beggars in the street and some loud street vendors... Just be careful and mindful with your belongings when you are around then it should be fine. Hence the saying from Spiderman: Great food comes with great sacrifices... 
The whole steaks are humongous. They are well prepared, not too dry and not too oily. They are tender as well. You can chose topings to go along with it: gree peppers, onions, mushrooms, pickles, ketchup, mayo, and salt and pepper. 
Greatly recommended to come for again but be mindful to have some precautions at mind.Food is 4 stars/Hospitality & Ambiance 2 stars
I wish the excellence of the food were reflected in the attitudes of the employees.  I've been to Max's 3 times now and the cheesesteaks I've had are the best in the city bar none.  But man oh man, do those employees hate their jobs. They don't greet you when you come in, they don't look you in the eye, it's like they're offended you decided to spend your money there.   Now that this place is getting the patronage they deserve due to Creed, Max needs to retrain them on hospitality to ensure repeat business. 
Also, I hate that on Sunday nights the line inside the store turns into a flea market with guys walking in selling their wares. I'm here to buy a cheesesteak not deodorant, mofos.I'm not adding a picture b/c there are way too many! But this is the only place in PHILLY TO GET A PHILLY CHEESESTEAK! I literally came here last night in the rain after getting my hair done to get a half cheese steak w/ mayo on the roll, fried onions, & SPK-----PURE HEAVEN.
Cash only, they have an ATM INSIDE. This was the only time there wasn't a line outside of the bar next door for a steak!
Born & Raised Philly, Patz aint it, Geno's (TRASH), Isikabibo's is ok, Pangano's is ok (way to much meat...pause :)).... Larry's horrible! 
Go to the bar and enjoy your steak with a nice strong drink! You can only get a strong drink in a neighborhood bar anyway downtown you'll drink water down rum for about $12 for a small cup!Definitely worth the trip from New York... the steak was juicy the bread was soft and the sandwich was huge and it was only the half portion.... it was definitely better than genos because the onions were grilled and the meat wasnt dry...OHH and I only had to wait about twenty min in line for my foodWent there last night, what an experience. Had to wait about an hour maybe hour and 15 minutes to order food. Had to travel back with my food so to get it home without it being soggy was great! (Ordered the whole Cheese Steak with lite onions and American cheese) btw. Flavor on smash and sorry for no pics, by only dislike is the gristle. Meat was clumpy in spots so that was a turn off for me.So......the last two times I've been to Philly, I had the strong desire to nourish my soul with the delightful delicacy of a fine Philadelphia cheese steak. The first time, August 7th 2012, I got a cheese steak from Paulie's Pizza at 31 S. 11th Street. Delicious pizza but I wasn't impressed by the cheese steak at all. Actually I was pretty darn disappointed. My ex used to take me to a spot called Gaetano's in Willingboro and Burlington, NJ and I loved their cheese steaks so I already had a standard. However Paulie let me down. So I moved on.............
The next time I visited, I attempted to check out Jim's on South Street. However, after waiting in long line out of the door for 20 minutes, I decided that since I had barely moved but 3-4 spots, I wasn't really missing out on anything and left, therefore, leaving me feeling empty and never really fulfilling my juicy cheesesteakish cravings.
Fast forward to July 2013...........so a few of my friends and myself were travelling to Philadelphia this weekend to celebrate my birthday and run the Color Run 5k in Fairmount Park on July 14th. We arrived Saturday evening around 7pm and stayed at the Embassy Suites near the airport. Prior that day, my cheese steak cravings resurfaced, leading me to an all out search for a great cheese steak spot in Philly. Thinking back a bit.......I recalled Kevin Hart going to a cheese steak spot in Philly and ranting about it on Laugh at My Pain. So I googled it. Presto! Max's Steaks. So I told my girlfriend yup.........this is where we're going. However, all of the other yelpers had forewarned about the sketchiness of the neighborhood and I was therefore cautioned ahead.........
So we arrived at the hotel around 7, departed around 8 (still light out) and took a 30 minute drive to Max's. Welp.......the neighborhood didn't disappoint. It was no less sketchy than other reviewers had previously mentioned. I don't believe it got any less sketchy or any more sketchy. Either way we parked my BMW 325 (yes I was slightly concerned) on the adjoining street about .15 miles away and walked up the street. Max's is pretty okay inside. Tight. Flavorful. We were there for about 20 minutes. But the line moves. There are some guys that sell incense and homegrown fragrances inside and outside of the store. Another guy came through the place selling pepper spray and stun guns. Police drove up and down the street every few minutes. Don't allow this to deter you though. None of this was malicious nor harmful. Oh.........and it's also adjoined to a bar literally next door. There is an entrance from inside Max's where a bouncer stands and you can take your cheese steak next door and eat while grabbing a drink and enjoying some of the latest urban tracks. I couldn't stop dancing in line I won't lie. However the 3 girls with me were a bit more uptight. Understandable. Either way, we got our cheese steaks. Oh, and you can buy beer in Max's which is awesome. We didn't buy any but I think that is definitely pretty cool. That said......we finally got our steaks and ditched the joint. When we got outside it was a bit dark but dark as in 9pm during the summer on the East Coast so not pitch black but dark enough to start getting sketchy. Either way we encountered no issues and left with our lives and fresh 'Hoagies' intact. 
We got back to the hotel. I ordered my cheese steak ($13.50) with cheese, onions, hot peppers, mushrooms and a ton of ketchup. It was delicious. I ate literally 3/4 of the foot long sandwich. My 3 friends, two murdered their sandwiches and my girlfriend was able to clobber about 3/4 of the half foot sub, bless her tiny little Brazilian soul. We all agreed that although we were savagely hungry, the cheeesesteaks were definitely top notch and worth the trip. Perhaps next time earlier would be better but still worth it. I'd recommend it without hesitation. Just make sure to go early. You won't regret it. If not, just continue to frequent the more commercialized and probably not as good spots on south street and elsewhere and leave something to be desired.Corner of Broad & Erie right in the "Hood". The benchmark for CheeseSteak Sandwiches! Only locals, no tourists around here. Juicy, messy delicious the true taste of Philly! Once you've done this head to the Clock Bar right around the corner for Crab!OMG this place is so good. I'm from Texas and I came to Philly so I had to experience the Philly cheesesteaks. Best experience ever!!!An 1hr in line waiting for the best cheesesteak Eva! order #1 lol!! thanx my people for the best arm licking food in north Philadelphia and cheep Shea butter lol!!!This is the best cheesesteak I've had in Philly. Maybe anywhere, but the Phil's Tavern in nearby Ambler.
I had to pickup furniture I bought from Craigslist in North Philly so I checked Yelp for best Philly cheesesteaks and Max's fit the bill and was 5 minutes from the furniture pickup.
However there are a few caveats....
1. SLOW. Be prepared to wait. A girl about 12 people in front of me - line wraps around - was bitching to me because she claimed to be waiting an hour. I looked at the 12 in front of me and thought - NO WAY. When I got in the car my wife said, "It took you an hour" and she was right.
1A. SHIFT CHANGE. In the middle of my hour wait there was a shift change at 6:10pm. New guy had to clean the grill and start from scratch.
2. PARKING. I saw nowhere to park so I pulled up at the fire hydrant in front and told my wife and son to wait, I'd run in and get the sandwiches. Who knew it would be an hour!!!
3. LOCALE. Not the best neighborhood, but in the daytime no problem.
WAS IT WORTH THE WAIT? 
You bet. Even tho my wife was cranky from waiting in the car for an hour, we ate the food on the 1.5 hour drive back to York, PA. My 10 yr old son proclaimed it "Awesome, the best steak sandwich he ever had". As I said I agree.
It was worth the wait...this time. Wish I knew when it was a better time to go. The guy behind me said it all depends when you get there how long the wait is. Some days he said no wait at all.
RECOMMEND.Best cheesesteaks in philly! Their food is worth the trip to philly! Get you a beer and a philly w provolone onions and hot peppers! Music at the bar is good. Lines are long but every bite is worth the wait ! Never getting a cheesesteak anywhere else in Philly !Max's... it's a restaurant and dive bar in the hood, it's a bit rough around the edges but I like to think it has character. 
 I had a number 6 with jalapeños and onions, it was one of the best cheese steaks I've ever had. I highly recommend this joint. Just be ware to lock your car up cause it's in a seemingly tough neighborhood.Easily my favorite cheese steak/ late night spot. Better than all the supposedly famous spots (Pat's, Geno's, Jims) without the frills and the side orders of racism. I personally like my cheesesteak sans prejudice. But whatever floats your boat. The staff here is pretty friendly. They like to joke around a lot with you. And a couple of the cooks are even cute! ***Warning This spot is always live though because its attached to a bar. And there might be a few suspect characters outside. But through Max's doors waits cheesesteak heaven. Its so sinfully delightful do not expect to only eat half. I eat the WHOLE thing every time. And after you've had one you won't be able to judge me.Wow! This cheesesteak was DELICIOUS! The line speaks for itself. I'm from Brooklyn and went to Philly for the weekend- couldn't leave without a cheesesteak...I actually had 3 different ones and Max's was the best. The steak was so tasty! I can't believe I waited over an hour, I should've gotten 2 because I really worked up my appetite. The surrounding area is a little sketchy. A guy tried selling us DVDs, someone was selling some sort of juice from a cooler outside, another was selling sneakers. Next door is a bar where you can sit. I'm a big cheese girl so I should've asked for extra cheese but regardless I inhaled the cheesesteak. I would've given 5 stars if it was in a better area and the wait wasn't as long. Looks like they will need to expand their business because it's pretty hot! Be prepared to wait on line if you want a cheesesteak!Definitely one of my favorite places in the city. You get a huge cheese steak for an average price for cheese steaks and they're very tasty.  If you're willing to travel to a slightly sketchy area, it'll be worth your trip.It's always about the Philly Cheesesteak. Everyone has an opinion of what is the best and if you tried the oft recommended you probably came away disappointed (if not afraid to voice this opinion). Prior to eating Max's I hadn't had a Cheesesteak in two years  this streak wasn't a protest, it wasn't because I was eating healthy it's just that I didn't feel inclined.
After seeing a concert with my cousin we had time to still hang out and he wanted to eat. Not anywhere something different. Something good. So thanks to smart phones, and directions we found our way to Max's based off of a recommendation his friend made.
I'm sure the location and appearance might scare some people off but we had no problems (and this was at 12 am). The people were very accomodating a woman offered to sell some homemade ice tea, while a guy inside offered to show us the quality of his bootlegged X-Men First Class movie on his portable DVD player. Some might call this a problem, but I called it ambiance. Upon seeing us walk in the guys preparing the food knew that we weren't built for that full size Max cheese steak life so he offered half.
I got mayo with whiz and hot peppers and onions.  I've had good cheesesteaks before where you just remark how good it was, but this? This? This cheesesteak right here was so good that I regretted not having bought the whole because I wanted more the next morning. I also fell into an itis induced nap right after finishing. All in all I can say with utter confidence that this was the best cheesesteak I have had in my life, and I will be back.Not a fan of cheesesteak but this cheesesteak was Gooood! It's in the hood and the line is out the door,the steak was tender the bread  was soft
I will be going backVisited on a sat afternoon and after the movie Creed I knew there would be a long line. The line wrapped around to the second door and we were in line for about an hour.  The good thing about the line is that if it is your first time it gives you time to see how to order and it gives u time to review the menu. The Philly cheesesteaks were amazing! I definitely see what all the hype is about. We were able to sit in the bar area in a booth. 2 16inch Philly cheesesteaks and three drinks ran us $42.Chilling' out, maxing', relaxing' all cool
You remember that statement... (don't judge a book by its cover) well... don't. Is this place in a not soooo good area, Yes.. stop crying, it's Philly baby!! 
For about $8 bucks you get 12 inches, that's what she said... if you can handle it, grab 24 inches for $16. This spot is attached to a bar, after getting your steak, bring your food over and slam down some beers in a surprisingly friendly atmosphere. 
To the right, on the corner is where you place your order, I did wait about 30 minutes from ordering to check-out, which is fine... because you will have plenty of time to yell, scream and banter about sports with everyone in line, and with the guys making the food right in front of you. The older gentleman on the grill is a Cowboys fan... FYI.. such BS. 
Sandwiches are large and in charge, american cheese and onions mixed into the meat, it's better than what it looks like when its cooking, trust me. 
Delicious rolls. Flavorful meat. 
(CASH ONLY!!!) bar and food.I'm writing this review nearly 3 years after eating here.  It was that good -- I've never forgotten.  I'm an out-of-towner, was in for work.  A local maintenance tech at the plant I was visiting (Keith -- I've forever be in your debt, wherever you are) told me this was HIS favorite place, but warned me to only go on the off-nights (not Fri/Sat).  Well, it was Friday night, and we were hungry, so we went.
It's a gritty place, but don't be frightened - everyone was nice, 'cept maybe for the bouncer that frisked me at the bar.  The carnival barker taking the orders was a site to behold.  We ordered our steaks, wondered  where we were gonna eat them, got shuffled to the back and then got invited into the scary looking bar.  After getting frisked we were shown to a table and the steaks showed up soon after.  The cheesesteak was terrific.  HUGE and velvety.  Until someone shows me otherwise, this will remain the definition of cheesesteak for me.My husband decided to get some famous hogging from Max's in Germantown.  I sat at the bar while he waited in line, yes line for a hoagie.  This place must have good sandwiches because I have never seen a place in which you wait for a sandwich. While waiting, I met some nice people. If back in Philly,  I will come again. Oh yea, the drink was the bomb.Best cheesesteak in Philly. Blows the doors off of the tourist genos and pats steaks and it's bigger AND it's cheaper haha. Still not as good as Gaetano's in Jersey thoughMax's continued to deliver the best sandwiches in Pa I was there a week ago , I spent over 100 $ on steak and cheese  and the Italian cold cut I will always be willing to drive a hundred miles for their subs!!!!!!!!This place is the truth!!! Came from Brooklyn just to get one of these cheesesteaks and I was not disappointed. It was well worth the wait. Waited at the bar drinking my strong long island iced tea helped. Will be making that trip again real soon (I should have gotten a couple to bring back with me, smh)A "whole" is 2 feet long, and worth every penny! Got a classic cheesesteak and really enjoyed it. The line and wait is crazy but it was worth it.Cheesesteak was OK but not the best I've had. The meat could have been seasoned better but ketchup did wonders. The portion was generous though. Customer service and wait time could definitely use improvement. I may return in the future but cheesesteak places are a dime a dozen in Philly. We'll see.I really enjoyed this sandwich!  The seasoned meat, fried and raw onions, hot sauce, and size.  The whole is enough for 2 and only $20.  The portion of meat is enormous.  All around a good reason for me to come back to Philly and try another place so that I can compare.Congratulations! You found it! The holy Grail of cheeseteaks. No need to discontinue your cheese steak quest tho. It's about the journey not the destination.
Try hot peppers and fried onions chopped into the sirloin with provolone and mayo topped with a  traditional sprinkle of salt, pepper, and ketchup.This is easy to sum up, the cheese steaks are AWESOME, without a doubt they have to be one of the best in the city! Don't waste your money going to Pat's or Jims or whatever come here, but be aware, it is the hood and if you're not familiar with the "hood" make sure you have a local with you.
The service is shitty at best but hey, you can'thave it all!Just read online review which had Jim's Steaks on South as #1. Sorry but can't let that stand without voicing foodie opinion. Max's Steaks on Germantown is by far the best cheese steak I've tried in Philly.  I live in south 5 blocks from Pat's and Geno's, I still travel 20 minutes up broad to grab Max's. My favorite order: Chicken cheese steak with mayo, ketchup, hot and sweet peppers cooked in...o yea American cheese no doubt!!!Found this place cuz I had to pick up a friend late night at Philadelphia airport. This was the only one open that also made chicken . Have been going there since . AMAZING! Lines are slow n sometimes it takes long but it's soooo worth it. Drive bout an hour every month or so late night just for this and it's totally worth it!! The area is kinda hood so maybe go in the day time? but we haven't had any issues n we usually make it there around 2 am. Oh n all my friends get steak n say it's even better than the chicken!When i visit philly 
After king or prussia mall
I have to drive to max's for a chicken cheesesteak
Its the best best best, being that im.from.DC
It make our steak n cheese taste and look like garbage compared to abteal cheesesteak...please if you are in Philly just try it, its in the hood, but hey.i was raised in the hood but its worth the taste and they experienceI was in Philly marching on the DNC when I found this absolute charm of a place. It was packed and I mean packed. There was a line from the door inside and a loop. It was similar setup to a subway where you order and then they make the food right in front of you. They had separate order stations for hot and cold and somehow, as crowded as they were they knew everyone and their order too. I was a bit shocked at the price of over 20 for 2 half sandwiches until hey handed me the bag. It must have weighed 3 pounds. So much that I took half of the cheesesteak out of half and still couldn't finish 1/4. The chef Rob was a kind man who sits in the heat of that grill that never stops and makes the best cheesesteak I've ever had!! They are attached to a bar that was hopping at dinner time with people dancing for the beautiful girls waiting in line to eat. I sat in the air conditioned bar and enjoyed the first part of three meals!! I highly recommend this place to anyone not in a hurry and I will personally return each and every time I am in Philly!I've lived in the philly area for over 10 years and finally made it to Max's with high expectations. The bread was a fresh amorosa roll and u need to order half or whole. Half is quite large and whole is like the lenth of ur arm. For 8.75 it was a good deal. Quality steak with provolone and oniona is how I get mine. Overall one of the better Philly cheesesteak places.The truth when it comes to an authentic Philly cheesesteak!! Forget what you heard about the tourist spots to get a philly cheesesteak. You have to go into the neighbor"hood".  It's the real thing.Amazing cheese steaks!!! Every bite was delicious. The ambiance was exactly what I anticipated... it was a hole in the wall that a tourist wouldn't know about. The server was kind and explained all of our options. Sandwiches were served on paper plates and with plastic forks but one doesn't really need them since you're not putting that bad boy down till it's gone.I give this place a 5 star rating even though I always wait a long time to get my cheesesteak. It's worth the wait. I live in Jersey and when i get home it is stil fresh and warm. Delicious.Great steaks but in the worst area... 
The people aren't that friendly but the food is goodThis place was SOOO good!  I've always wanted to try an authentic steak and cheese...boy did I get it!  SOOO freaking good! This steak and cheese is the "bees knees and the cat's pajamas"! Darn I will NEVER look at another or taste a steak and cheese the same way again because, I know what I've had in the past does not even compare!  Wow! Good stuff!  You have to try this place!  It's always a good sign that the food is good if there is a constant line out of the front door!Area is a little rough. But Totally worth going. The meal was so juicy. Best cheesesteak sand which ever. Delicious!!!Yessss gawd! This jawn is perfection. Nestled right on the corner off of Broad street lies the best cheesesteaks in the city. So the bread is typically very soft and fresh; the meat is overflowing; and the flavor is on point. There's typically a little wait, so it may be best to call ahead if you're in a rush. And if you want some shrimp head next door-delicious.Agreed, BEST cheesesteak in philadelphia. I need not say more.Drove from Long Island NY to Philly for this cheese steak because my friends recommended this place instead of going to Genos by Liberty bell. First impression we got there was un-attractiveness of the area (never judge a book by its cover). We parked and stood in line for about 10 - 15 minutes before getting our number. Waited another 10-15 before getting our food. My friend and I didnt want to drink and drive back so we both ate in the car. HOLY goodness was the sandwich delicious and the portion was HUGE !!!!!!!! (I had the Pizza steak and my friend had the philly cheese. Also went back on the line to bring back some for friends......The drive from Long island to Philly was about 2.5 hours. Definitely worth the drive ! We plan on riding our motorcycles back when spring hits. BEST PHILLY CHEESE STEAK EVER.... !!!!Very very good cheesesteak. I went here recently for lunch for the first time and I was very pleased with the flavor of the cheesesteak and amount of meat you get in your sandwich.
I would give it 5 stars, but had to subtract one for my interaction with the man who prepared my sandwich who gave me a hard time the whole time he was preparing my meal. Based on his comments and questions, he had a problem with my lunch mate being white, while I am black, and my having grown up in the suburbs of Philly. It was a very bizarre customer service experience. 
The food was good enough that I would go back, but I was definitely put off a bit.I've been going to Max's since the early-2000s, they make great sandwiches and the ingredients are always fresh, so why three stars? 
-1 star: Customers can't call ahead. This is problematic because I've been here times when the line is out the door and around the corner on Erie Av. I guess they think that customers will call to place orders that they won't pick up. Oh well. That's one of the risks of running a business. Their phone is always busy too. They don't have call waiting (probably to cut costs and deter customers from calling); however, I got through once and asked if I could place an order, this was followed by a short pause and "you have to come in babe", from the woman who answered the phone. Then she banged on me. That wasn't very pleasant, but it's the hood so I've come to not expect much here. Besides, other restaurants accept orders over the phone and if the customer doesn't pick it up, they give it to their employees to take home at the end of the night. They're in the hood so I know they don't do that. Then they have a sign plastered in the window that says "now with faster service". Bullshit! That line is as long as it was before the sign as it is with it. I fuxx with them, but this just comes off cheap and scammy. Stop being cheap and scammy, Max's!
-1 star: They run out of chicken regularly, so if you want chicken, you must go there on a Thursday, at 11:20 a.m., in late January.
Max's needs to accept orders over the phone and keep chicken in stock. This place had mad hype way before Creed just off of the strength that it's North Philly's Geno's. Overall I enjoy Max's and I will be back, but I know what it's hitting for, and as long as you do too you'll have a pleasant experience.OK - lived all my life in Philly area - sometimes in the city mostly in the suburbs. If you want real PHILADELPHIA and the nicest people in the world  and the GREATEST cheesesteak hands down as well as a 9 out of 10 hoagie. Go to Max's do not pass go just go. Eagle bar which is in the same building ROCKS, you are welcome even if you are a spotted leopard Irishman. The special Drink is just for first timers get it if you are not driving. I think the corner of Germantown AVE ,Broad and Eire Ave is the most Alive corner in Philadelphia. Max's is REAL PHILADELPHIA.This is the best chicken Philly place in town. The bread and chicken is beyond delicious. The Philly was affordable and the people were amazing. You must venue off the tourist path to experience this gem.I came here because EVERYONE from Philly said this place was the place to go for a good Philly cheesesteak. I beg to differ! Let me preface by saying if you are not fond of the hood then this place isn't for you so you can stop reading now. If you're adventurous like me then keep reading. We ended up having to sit at the bar next door (Eagles) because the line was long at Max's ($5 entry on Saturday nights). The waitress was nice but I didn't know if she worked there or was just one of the patrons because she was dressed like she was there to party. Back to the food...I am not a fan of ketchup on my Philly cheesesteak so when our sandwich came the first time REEKING of ketchup I was livid. Mainly because it took so long to come. I asked the girl initially that I wanted extra cheese and the sandwich didn't have the extra cheese I asked but a crap load of ketchup . We told her the order was incorrect and she had a slight attitude and I told her that we asked for extra cheese and she replies "that'll be extra money!" I'm thinking "Ok!" Then she says $1-$2 extra. Totally seemed like she made that price up but at this time I just gave her the money so I could get my food. As soon as our food came we left and went back to our hotel. If you're hungry then this place is for you. The sandwich is massive! If you like cheese sauce on your steak then I'm going to warn you that this place cheese sauce taste like the cheap cheese sauce they used to put on my cheese fries in high school. I wasn't thrilled. Again...if you don't like the hood then don't go. If you're looking for a late night place to eat a Philly where they give you ALOT of food then Max's is for you! #KariSentYouCheesesteak was superb...coming from a picky eater and a person who judges a book (restaurant) by its cover at times. If you're in the philly area and want to try "the best sandwich" you may have ever had point blank period, this is your place.This was my first time here as a recommendation from my friend who lived in Philly for a number of years. They claimed that the amount of meat you get is worth going to Max's instead and opt out of the hot touristy spots not to be mentioned. Anyways the area is somewhat sketchy but I felt safe as I not one to be scurred in traveling situations just be aware. 
So it was a Saturday in June around 6pmish. So with he wait alone I would soooo give this place like 2 stars but it was quite an experience anyways. One side of Max's is a bar area with booths to sit and eat in. Not sure if the bar area serves food or not. Nice ambiance, music pumpin,  everyone seemed to be enjoying theirselves, bartenders smiling, and good conversations. This place really tested my patience for example if Philly was my hometown or I wasn't on a quick trip I would have quickly left out. Our grand total time was almost an hour long! Omg I was dying and it was hot as hell with the only air circulating was thru one lonely door. 
I let my friend order my food in the true Philly cheesesteak sense. Meaning hold the lettuce, tomato, mayo and provolone. By the way they do have those items if you want them on your sammich. I was shocked initially but wanted the true experience, so, the norm was meat onions cheese whiz and ketchup. This was by far the simplest cheesesteak ever! It wasn't anything spexial as far as flavor to me, reminded me of steak-umms meat to be honest. My take is the cheesesteak gets my love because of the large mounds of meat that you get. We ended up getting the giant sub which is $16.50. That sounds outrageous at first but the sub roll is like 20 inches plus long and packed to your liking. It could easily feed 2 to 4 adults depending on your gluttony. Check out my pics for reference.It's a small place but well worth standing in that line. Wish the line moved faster but you can't rush perfection. Their half is 12 inches of pure crack. After my first bite I was hooked. Perfectly cooked meat mixed with veggie and 2 different cheese. I will advice anyone that travels to Philly to hit up this spot. 
The best time I hit Philly, I will be back waiting for this delightful cheese steak.