I'm in love with the bruschetta pizza. I have never gone to the restaurant part but I try and go to the take-out part once or twice a month. Prices are good and the food is great for on the go.Alright so let me preface this by saying that I've never had or grown up around what people call "great pizza". My experiences with Chicago style are from Uno chains (which I think are amazing), thin crust is only known to me when I"m a the jersey shore. So if you're a pizza expert back off. 
But I actually think Maxi's has really good pizza. Probably breaking all kind of pizza rules with the insane toppings they do. Chicken bacon ranch, mexican, ceasar salad, etc. I don't judge them though I just eat them and they are delicious. Prices? Way overpriced but if you go and grab a slice and a soda everyonce in awhile it won't kill you. 
But stay far far away from anything else on the menu. When you weigh the offerings with the price, you'll be very dissapointed.Don't get me wrong, I go to Maxi's at least once a week and will continue to until I graduate...BUT...this bar is pretty eh. The only thing that makes it worth going are 2 dollar Lion's Heads and Miller High Life. The bartenders are either decent or bad. I've never had stellar service. Maxi has some good food, but it's the same as the service. Sometimes you get a good steak, sometimes you get a terrible one. Pizza is usually good but very expensive. 
SUNDAYS are a great day to hit up Maxi's if you're in the neighborhood, they have $1 Yuengling drafts all day. Another plus is the mixture of people that hang out there. Since it is on Temple's campus, you have a mix of old, young, preppy, bros, trashy, hipster, fun, annoying, you name it, Maxi's got it. So people watching is always a plus.Its really hit or miss on the drinks and food. Sometimes the bartenders don't make drinks right and I have seen them serve their underage friends. But sometimes its great drinks and decent pizzaAs a Temple student, I love this place! The food is fantastic! They have gourmet style pizzas that are New York style and fantastic. The bar isn't too expensive, and is always a fun time!Go here if you want a simply mediocre and probably unsatisfying dining experience. Upon entering the ordering area, you're bound to be confronted by a line that has no idea where it begins or ends, and is a lovely mix of people either waiting for pizza they already paid for or preparing to order non-pizza items. The counter staff seems to change weekly -- I swear I've never been waited on twice by the same person in the four years I've been a Temple student. And if you ask for a fountain soda, be prepared to ask for your cup after paying (the soda fountain is self-service) -- the girl or bumbling, awkward bro working behind the counter will forget that you paid for it. Every time. 
The food is just nothing worth writing home about. The pizza variety is pretty good (all kinds of crap like pasta and french fries on some of their more "creative" pies), and the Buffalo Chicken pizza is some of the hottest I've ever had. The plain slices and crust in general are just kind of "meh." The cooks are extremely inconsistent in regards to food. One day you might order a salad and there's a hard-boiled egg on it when you get it. The next time you order, there'll be croutons. The next time, carrots. Altogether the prepared food is inconsistent and unsatisfying. Don't even get me started on the fact that their salad dressings (including bleu cheese) sit out at room temperature all day. I've resorted to asking for ranch whenever I desire a creamier dressing (which, for some reason, is refrigerated). 
Feel free to enter the bar area if you're looking for a bro-fest, or for a bunch of sad girls hoping to take home one of the many fine men Temple has to offer (who are drunk at 2pm on a Wednesday). Much like the counter staff, the bartenders seem to come and go like the summer wind. If you're lucky you may even get served by the owner/manager herself, taking on the role of "cougar bartender"...Exciting! 
Sadly this is the main haunt on-campus if you're looking for low-priced food or, well, a drink in the middle of the afternoon. While there ARE three other pizza places within walking distance of campus, they're all pretty similarly mediocre and questionable in terms of food quality. You'll end up going to Maxi's whether you like it or not, so suck it up, order some Buffalo Bites, and don't be shocked if you get the plague from room-temperature salad dressing.Grabbed a late night snack here. Wasn't blown away but at the same time wasn't too disappointed. Hard for me to give it more than three stars due to customer service. An overall good spot to run in order pizza and run out. It's not a very good hang out spot.If your on Temple's Campus. And need a quick drink to get the edge off Maxies is the perfect lil get away hiddin right in the middle of campus.Maxis is a great spot to watch the game or grab a drink between classes. The staff is super awesome and friendly. The place gets pretty crowded with college kids so its a great place to meet people. The pizza is always crusty and delicious. And you have to try the Temple fries! (Bacon,Wiz, Mozz and fries) The beer is more then reasonably priced and there are specials every night. The bar is currently renovating but still open and is sure to be even better. They are expanding it and updating the interior.I think I was a little harsh before.  Well, everything I said was completely true and legit, but the bartender Nicole definitely brings the place up at least one notch.Love Maxi's or hate it, who cares. It's there, and when I went to Temple, it was half-way between class and home, so you'd better believe I was there all. the. time. Drink specials are freakin sweet, fun things going on like live local music or an open mic, and when you get hungry, just go get a slice. 
When Maxi's was my spot, all the bartenders knew me. They're good guys. I always had fun going with friends and I always met interesting people when I just went for a beer after class. Usually it's Sports Center on all the tvs but I've gotten lucky and caught some Discovery Channel there. Everybody in the bar groaned when they turned it off.
I still think Maxi's is some of the best pizza in Philly. So it's overpriced. Again, who cares. Where else can you get a slice with bacon, fries, wiz and hot sauce on it? You'd have to go all the way to Homo hut.Maxi's is best known for its pizza, but for the size of the place, the food and drink selection is pretty decent for a campus bar.  It can get a little cramped if there's a line, but the seating is adequate, even if you're not at the bar.  Nice little place to meet, have some drinks and a bite if you're on Temple's campus.The drinks are good, yet inexpensive, the atmosphere is nice, and the food is actually really good, while also being inexpensive. It's a great place to go to catch a quick bite in the middle of the day or to grab a drink after a long day of classes. It's a great atmosphere for students and young professionals and it's located on the temple campus, so even better!They have pretty good specials and good food. However, I will say that some of the bartenders aren't always the friendliest. Other than not, it's a pretty solid place.this is a better bar then the Horse. the food is great if your a pizza fan. i usual get their salads which are pretty good. they  have better service then the horse too.Not a bar I would go to other than between classes, but a great place to hang out when time is limited.  Don't bother coming if you're not a Temple Student or spending time on Temple's campus.Sometimes it takes 15 mins to get a drink when no 1 is in line. Annoying service. The night time bar manager "brian" with a douchey beard is such a jerkface. Starts issues with customers for no reason to abuse what little authority he has in life. Pathetic individual to say the least. Great pizza and cheap beer tho.Maxi's has been a Temple staple since day 1 of my freshman year. Their food is pretty pricey relative to the other pizza places on campus, but oh god. Their Temple fries - doused in cheese whiz, mozz, and bacon bits. Glorious late night munching. And they do have a great variety of pizza toppings to choose from too - bruschetta, bbq chicken, etc. But their food never blew me away, so I haven't been here since I ran out of diamond dollars from my meal plan.
But enough about the food - Maxi's is probably more well known for being the only bar ON campus. Where else can you grab a drink on the way to class? Not Draught or Webb. Maxi's location is awesome, even if the bar itself isn't that great. It's a few tables on each side, and a rectangular bar in the middle. Bartenders get to you pretty quickly, even when it's crowded (except like on Spring Fling). If you stick to the specials, it's not that harsh on your wallet either. Fun events almost every night - pong tournaments and stuff. Maxi's, like it or not, is definitely one place you must visit if you're thirsty and you attend Temple University.Pizza's decent. Chicken caesar salad is subpar. Penne vodka is not the best. They don't give pasta or salad with bread which pisses me off. I'd only go for a slice of pizza that's all.They have pretty good specials and good food. However, I will say that some of the bartenders aren't always the friendliest. Other than that, it's fine.While the food is really good here and I used to enjoy coming here to chill and have a drink with a friend, the atmosphere has really died down lately and the STAFF IS RUDE! Recently my friend and I went and every table said $2 drafts but then we were told that was only for yuenling. That was annoying and the bar tenders we asked were not exactly nice about it but we didn't care too much. Then my friend was asked "are you dying?" when she asked the DJ to switch up the music, and when she finally had enough and wanted to speak to a manager no one would tell her where the manager was and then told her the manager was busy. When we finally talked to the manager he made several excuses for the misprinted signs on every table and for his staff by saying "I don't think that's very rude" when we told him what the DJ said. I was in shock. I have never had every staff member at one facility treat me and my friend so poorly and it seemed like it was just because we were young girls who they probably assumed were drunk which we were not. Terrible night, terrible staff.I love coming here during the week. Buffalo chicken pizza is their best, and they have a pretty good selection of drinks and beers, especially for a college bar."Well, this campus is dry, so alcohol is not allowed on campus!"
Said the perky tour guide to little 18 year old me while standing smack dab in front of Maxis.
It's been five years, but I still hear tour groups stop in front of Maxis and describe how totally against alcohol Temple is to the parents while their kids secretly dream of the day they can walk into a bar and buy a beer.
So, what is Maxi's? It a dive bar surprisingly in the middle of a large, public University campus. It has about what you expect for such a bar; cheap beer specials, watered down drinks (their Long island's are basically one shot of mixed liqour and iced tea), and entertainment provided by the rotating cast of bartenders and security's endless drama.
And yet I have so many memories here, and as much as I want to say it's a crappy dive, it somehow isn't. For that newly turned 21-year old Maxis has a place. And that is, indeed, where Maxis is aiming for.
So three stars. For a place that is adiquate. And has gotten plenty a junior and senior seriously fucked up before their finals.An average bar and an average food place
-The pizza really isn't that great and though there are a lot of options, none of them really deliver a great experience
-The bar is decent for a campus but it can be a tough with service at times, taking exceptionally longer than normal for service
-They do some weeknight events and have large screens that are great for sports seasonThe perfect spot to go after a long night out or just for lunch. The themed nights make it a fun place to go between the stresses of college, and their fresh pizza only tops it off!Nothing great, just very convenient. I'm a graduate student at Temple and take the train to and from my house to campus so it provides a nice spot to have a drink and kill the last 20mins before the train comes. Its also clutch for catching parts of the game (Phils, Flyers, etc.) when on campus. I'm around all year long for my program so I have found out how terrible the summer hours around campus which also applies to Maxi's - a bar closing at 8-9pm is a sick joke! Food is not bad but, in my opinion, a little over priced considering the same food is offered at a few other places around campus for less and tastes better. $2 Lionshead at the bar is pretty sweet though considering I grew up about 30mins from that brewery.I go here often, but only because I work about 200 ft away.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone unless you are literally within a stone's throw.  The only reason people come here is because it's a bar seconds away from the classroom.  The beer selection is terrible.  When they do have something worthwhile, which is rare, it's overpriced.  The food is pretty bad too.  The wings are the only thing worth ordering.  The pizza is acceptable, but not at $3/slice.  The bartenders are usually pretty cool, but the service suffers when this place is busy, which is almost any time there is class.The pizza here is really good for what it is. It's a no frills place and I have yet to be disappointed. The pesto pizza is on point also. There aren't a lot of places on campus that are actually decent and fast and Maxi's is both. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants a quick slice or stromboli. 
PS- The drinks are pretty inexpensive too. Again, also a no frills drinking spot, but if you're looking for reasonable prices and a stiff drink, you should check it out.Great pizza selections and awesome sandwhiches and hoagies.  The environment gets a little rowdy with the drunk Temple crowd, but hey, that's not Maxi's fault!  Try the margarita pizza or their turkey hoagies.Maxis is a great spot for any Temple student.  Not only are the bar specials awesome on their Mexican Monday nights, Karaoke Tuesdays, and Friday nights but their food is also great.  My favorite drinks are their $3 fun dips and $7 Red Deaths.  Not only are their drinks delicious but so is their food.  Their specialty pizzas are amazing and their sandwiches are tasty!  
On certain nights it can get kinda crazy with a lot of students but Friday and Saturdays have a more relaxing environment.  I would suggest this for any day depending on what type of night you are looking for.  Truly a great spot!Okay not only was this the worst chicken Caesar wrap I've ever had it is 100% the worst meal I've ever had. The chicken was brown and so dry. Not only that, it was STUFFED with chicken. This is all the chicken I pulled out of the wrap to make it somewhat edibleI like Maxi's a lot! They have really unique pizza options and they make wonderful quesadillas. Their drink specials are competitive considering their location and the layout of the building is interestingly unique.
They would get five stars if they cleaned their tables a bit more frequently. I've had to wipe my own table many, many times. Then again, that raises overhead and would subsequently raise end prices for customers, so that's not ideal either. #thestruggleMaxi's food is perfectly fine. But always use cash. I've had them up my credit card charge twice in the past few months.This is a cool chill spot if there's a table open. I don't care for the bar, but there's free refills on soft drinks. The pizza costs too much like most other things on the menu. The white pizza is GREAT but costs $3 while a regular slice is $2. Make sense to you? I didn't think so. The regular slice is reminiscent of Ellio's.
One major gripe I have is that there's always a gang of gnats on the walls in the summer. No joke. They swarm too and it doesn't matter where you sit at... they're lurking.Pizza is as good as on campus food gets. the bartender kept looking at me and never came
Over to ask me what I want. Then the second bartender said, "she sucks, I know, what can I get you?"Came here after graduation this past Thursday.  I used to come a lot in undergrad, but admittedly, it had been a while.  It hasn't lost its chutzpuh.  For a campus bar, Maxi's is the best.  Good variety on draft, prices are that of a college bar, and the pours for the wine are super-heavy.  Additionally, there is an uncomplicated place to grab a slice of amazing pizza right next door (attached!!!)  How can you go wrong?  Also, plenty of seating.  The place is small given the population of Temple University, but somehow i always find a comfy spot for me and the people I'm with.  I will miss this place.  I will likely go back for nostalgia.During my time at Temple University I went to Maxi's very often. I started going there for their pizza, which is very good and unique. When I started drinking, this was always my top spot on campus to go. While the prices are a bit high, there is a great selection of alcohol and the female bartenders are normally friendly and attractive. The juke box has something for everyone, including a good selection of heavy metal and rock music for people like me who are sick of the typical rap and RnB songs that are too common in the city. My main complaint about Maxi's is their pricing, which is a bit high. But on the other hand, they do have great Happy Hour specials. The other complaint is that the bar can be quite a bro fest, which is a turn off, but is expected at a campus. Either way, this is a staple of Temple University campus life as others have said and I would like to stop by when I'm in Philadelphia again.Best pizza at Temple.  Decent bar for in between class.  Get a personal 8 beer tube for yourself.I'm giving this place five stars because it's the BEST PIZZA you will get in the area. Their plain pizza is good, but their buffalo chicken pizza takes the cake.
It's simply amazing.  They also make buffalo chicken rolls which are TDF and their salads are good (albeit pricey) when you're in the mood for something healthy.
Only downside to the food here, is that its not cheap. $12 for a small garden salad, drink and slice seems a bit steep if you ask me.As a Temple alumna, I'm always going to have a soft spot for Maxi's, as it was practically my third home (after my apartment/dorm and the TECH) during college. If I were reviewing the bruschetta pizza or penne pizza alone, I'd unhesitatingly give them both fives.  AMAZING. On par with New York pizza.DO NOT USE CREDIT CARDS! I purchased a cheese steak for around $6.50 total. When I checked my bank account later that day, Maxi's charged me almost $9.00. Total ripoff!Best thing if you live on Temple Campus, Has good pizza but I'm not really a fan of the atmosphere or the immature crowd that goes in.Maxi's is great. Its nice because it's in a great location (right on campus). The pizza is awesome! Someone in an earlier review said you don't get enough bang for the buck, but I disagree. Their sandwiches are HUGE, wraps are way too filling to finish, and pizza is so good! I agree about the beer selection not being that wide, but what do you expect. It's a college bar trying to attract college kids, who usually aren't made of money, so of course their is cheaper/basic beers. Walter K. wants cheaper prices, but better beer...those two things do not go together. You can't have the best beer for a small price. But it has great specials: $4 LIT, $2 beer special! You cant beat that.Cool spot for students. Pizza is okay and drink specials are cheap for the college kids like myself. There's not a ton of room in the bar so if you're with a big group on a busy night be prepared to get split up.great staff and cheap drinks. What more can you ask for in a college bar? Also a great place to watch games too!Ordered a lunch that never showed up. Wasted 25 mins. Perhaps order was lost due to language barrier.Everything is expensive and the kareokee singers are the worst. I'm surprised there is as many people in here as I see on some nights. The Food is top notch, unique, and tasty.Great pizza, subs, cheese steaks, etc. I love going there because it is such a friendly environment.This place is glorified money hole. It's all about profit and not about quality. There are way better places to enjoy a beer and better choices of beer too. The food and subpar or below and are not worth the price. I'll keep my money next time and invest it into an eating establishment that actually increases the value of the Temple campus and not degrades itDon't use Debit Card here.....I normally never had problems here. However, got pizza on 10/9/18 used my debit card. You never see how they scan the card because of the high counter. Local PNC stated it probably happened there. They have had complaints before. On 10/10/18 had a $91.61 charge at the Conoco Gas on 5643 Ridge Ave, Philly 19128. I assume one of the workers lives near that address. It was proven easily it was fraud as I was flying across the country that day and was not in town that day. The last place I used my debit card was at Maxi's. I tried to call a few times to talk to the manager Gabby but she it seems she was never there when I was calling. I just gave up. Pizza is decent but will always stop at PNC and get $$$ first. Don't use card. Also special thanks to PNC nearby for stopping the card and reissuing me a new card right in the store. As I needed a new card pronto.I'm a temple student so I thought this place would have pretty good food due to the numerous students around. The pizza is pretty good they have interesting toppings on it. The wings on the other hand were scary. Everyone knows how chicken can be sketchy at time and these were definitely were. It looked and tasted like shredded chicken that was falling off the bone but not in a good way. I love my wings and these just weren't good. They also lacked sauce and were very dry.Listen up: Maxine has always been there for me, primed with a spiritually curated spectrum of culinary *agility. Her varied veggie-ricotta pizzas have helped me during every attempt at vegetarianism. Her chicken parmesan pizza transports me to the plazas of Parma(, Italy). Her various (and elusive) pizzas topped with fries have equipped me with the strength necessary to make it back home.
To Maxi(ne), the epitome of hospitality: May your brazen ovens burn on.
(*for lack of a better word)Decent bar on campus with good prices for drinks but this place really never appealed to me.As of this semester this bar almost doubled in size and its about time! Now you can enjoy the plethora of beer specials and weekday events planned without feeling cramped. This place is not your Saturday night dance party, the weekdays are more for what they target. But the $4 pizza and beer special for happy hour is my new favorite deal considering most of the craft slices go for +$3. 
Great after class hangout spot...oh and you will get carded 95% of the time regardless if you look 35 yrs old!I come here a lot for my midnight cravings or a very late dinner after a five hour study session. The dish I always order is the baked ziti. Maxi's baked ziti is not the best- it's bland and the sauce could be more lively, but they do serve you an appropriate amount of pasta for the price you pay (and it's very cheesy!) The buffalo wings are tasty, but the amount of sauce they give you is inconsistent. One day, it will be a lot of sauce but a different day it will be much less, leaving you dry wings. Overall, it's a decent spot.One of the many upsetting features of Temple Main Campus is its utter lack of bars. Maxi's is a modest venue. The food is decent, the pizzas are generally superior to the other vendors nearby, at they serve at an acceptable speed. As a graduate student, day drinking is often merited. I think day drinking is always merited, but to each her own. That said, I really appreciate the bar at Maxi's. Unlike other local venues (*coughDraughtHorsecough*), the bartenders are very attentive and polite. I like that they keep a keen eye on the crowd so that no minors sneak in. The prices are remarkably low. You can do some serious drinking here for very cheap. Additionally, while I would normally scoff at the praise of something as rudimentary as chicken fingers and fries, I have to say, I quite enjoy Maxi's rendition. Crisp and salty and plated with a particularly tasty honey mustard. Maxi's is a great place to grab a beer midday if you are a Temple student. I would never come here at night, but I will continue to visit for day drinking.No one uses gloves. Disgusting establishment.I went in tonight and not only did they disrespect my friend but her food and her drinks were lateI'd call it last resort pizza -- if you're sober minded you know you can do better. But you can't really beat the convenience of it being right on Temple's campus. The bar is cool though, they have a trivia night that can get pretty rowdy (in the best way).Fuck whatever else is going on here, the pizza is damn good. 
I am a New Yorker and am consistently disappointed eating Philadelphia pizza but they really do it well here. 
Honey Garlic Chicken Pizza -- get it! Can't find it anywhere else and it is the paradigm for sweet, savory pizza.
Rodeo Pizza -- Steak, BBQ sauce, Buffalo sauce, Ranch, and bacon -- this is the Ron Swanson of pizza. Meat lovers rejoice!
The other slices are pretty good but none compare to the above two. I am honestly not sure if the four stars go to the establishment or just to those two slices. All I know is honey garlic chicken is crack. I need help.As a non-traditional student at Temple University you try to find ways to fit in, but luckily on one of my first days I found Maxi's. Is the food anything to call home about? Not at all (standard bar fare), are the drink deals that good? Not so much. What the bar wins is that it's extra convenient and a nice place to stop in between classes (or in place of).
If it wasn't on campus I'd never go in, so good thing it is or else I'd have to waste time in the library or in the student center.Love this awesome dive-y bar! Went two nights in a row- had pizza, garlic knots, and wings. All were delicious, especially after a few beers. They had drink specials out the wazoo, including a $12 pitcher of Miller Lite. They had a cool little lounge area with couches. Great for any college student or people looking to go out on the cheap.Love the different pizzas here. Sometimes the crust is a little funky & thin, but I still like the flavors regardless.Great, cheap pizza. Cheap drink specials. If your ideal bar is a chill vibe. This is your place.I can't believe no one has reviewed this wonderful little staple for Temple University.  Last summer I lived at Temple for training and I think Maxi's is one of those places that got all of us through our stint in Philly.
If you've never been to Temple, then I doubt you'll end up there anytime soon, but if you have, you know it's not surrounded by the nicest neighborhoods of Philly.  This is why Maxi's is pretty much the greatest thing ever, especially when you just need a beer after a long day and you don't want to head up to central philly.  Maxi's is pretty much what you have and luckily, it's nestled within the limits of campus security.
We had a lot of great times here: the bartenders always treated us very well, as did the owner/ manager/ whoever he is, I think Antonio? Not just great for drinks though, we came here and got pizza quite a bit as well.
If I went to Temple, I would be thanking God daily that Maxi's exists in the campus bubble.I can't believe how rude the customer service is. A bouncer, named Sam, denied my 23-year-old friend's idea, humiliated her, and kicked her out. When we called to get a hold of the manager, he picked up the phone, CHANGED HIS ACCENT, and claimed the manager wasn't there! When we finally did get to speak to a manager, he was patronizing and rude as well. And then the owner himself responded to a Facebook review that he heard my friend was ugly anyway, as if that excused anything. Unbelievable.The buffalo pizza is alright. There is a constant shortage of bar staff so you wait like 15 minutes for an overpriced, watered-down drink. Meh. Just meh.This cool spot is probably one of the best places in the greater Philadelphia region. Every time I step foot into this elegant establishment I feel transcended into another universe, a universe where hate is not known, but good music is :). Karaoke night is a must, America's next top talent will be discovered here, seriously guys! Come in for a good laugh with some good friends, regrets will not be found.Let's be serious - great location on a busy large campus with above average pizza and bar food. I'm surprised it's averaged at 3 stars. When I lived on campus I must have gone here at least once a week. I loved the pizza and the garlic knots were ordered almost every single time. I never thought it was overpriced for any other better pizza in the area. 
I however never appreciated it as a hangout spot. The bar section of the establishment is kind of skeevy to say the least. I usually just picked up my order and enjoyed it at home! 
I really do miss this spot! I would have to stop back if I was ever in the area again.Their pepperoni Stromboli was good but had too much pepperoni and seating was limited. The place is nice and clean tho.I've been coming a long way to Philadelphia. I've never been treated the way I have been at this place in my long ventures across this country. Let me first start off by saying this bouncer/bar manager,  whatever glorified name you want to call him, is a power hungry piece of garbage that reminds me of none other than Adolf Hitler. I have also seen racists in my life and nothing other can compare this man. He is a white man and a for sure Trump supporter with a full blown racist mind. It sickening to think about. I have not been able to sleep at night since I have found out the news about this place. I heard this was once a great college but I have heard about all the shootings that Maxi's allows. I don't not recommend this place to anyone, please avoid if you are drunk/want to live.I currently attend Temple and love that Maxi's is right in the middle of campus. Great prices for us college kids, good pizza, decent wings and fries. Their steak sandwiches are dry however. I have taken my dad here for lunch (he's a Temple Alum) before heading to a basketball game at the Liacouras center. I have also come here with my boyfriend and fellow temple owl friends. Their karaoke night is fun and their pong! The prizes you win are awesome and worth playing for. The bar itself is small but there is a decent amount of seating considering the size of the place. There is also outdoor seating for warmer weather. The only thing is that when you order food the bartenders say they will bring it out, which they do, but I feel like they don't pay attention to what you look like and forget/take a long time to check on food and bring it out to you, especially if you're not sitting directly at the bar. They have really good drink specials/deals. Overall, it's a nice spot for being on campus as it is convenient and easy to meet up with friends.The food at Maxi's is surprisingly good. They have decent pizza and a delicious chicken parm sandwich.
Beyond that, it's terrible. The bathrooms are ... unbelievable. I'd rather go out to Liacouras Walk and cop a squat right there than use these bathrooms.
It's also usually impossible to find a place to sit, and since they serve alcohol the crowd is often there to guzzle beer.
What I'm saying is the ambiance isn't great unless you're there to party, but the food is good to-go.C'mon, it's Maxi's! A staple of Temple life. The best part about it is the location. Don't forget, happy hour's from 4 to 7, when beers are from about $2 to $3. Seriously, 4:00pm on the dot. We came in at about 3:57, asked for a couple of beers on tap, and had to pay full price because the computer system wouldn't allow charging by happy hour prices yet. (OK, so we could have waited a few minutes, but we were crunched on time and wanted our beers RIGHT NOW... I mean, then).
They often have seasonal beers, which is pretty cool. Also, some wine, which they'll pour you a pretty generous glass of. And they have a decent selection of liquor and make a decent cocktail.
If you need your pizza fix, this place will satisfy. They have some pretty creative toppings, like penne pasta, chicken caesar salad, and steak taco. The crust is decent, maybe a bit tough (or maybe the pizza's been sitting out for a while). I have yet to try their wings, though they smell heavenly and are pretty decently sized. Extra sauce is 50 cents.
It can get loud, the floor is sometimes sticky. The bartenders are always friendly. Very chill, casual environment.P much your standard shitty college bar with a convenient location. Mediocre drink specials, semi daily events, and they'll upcharge the fuck out of you if ya don't call em on it. Cest la vie.Well ya know, this is were you go between classes to get your booze that will keep your soul from dying while you buy the most overrated product in America, education. 
$2 Yeungling Lite and a Dogfish IPA on tap, what could go wrong. so yay Maxi's! Thanks for being in the heart of Temple U.I come to this place all the time, its the perfect college bar. Good food, good drinks, personable bartenders, and they have some special nights where they have games and such. I personally always get the Wachman Whiskey. The food is also fantastic though, they have some of the best cheap pizza in the city.Maxis is subpar. My boyfriend and I were here a few weeks ago and the bartender "lost" his debit card. Safe to say we were upset and called the manager over. The management is unprofessional. Didn't apologize or even seem to care about the fact that they have a faulty credit card system. I will not be returning. And the bar smells like rotten eggs.Every time I come here the service is amazing and the food is fresh and delicious. Allison is a fabulous bartender and always goes out of her way to make sure people are taken care of! Coming here is always a great time, and good prices too!!Called and ordered a chicken cheese steak, even double checked to make sure he got it right. I get home, it's a regular cheese steak. I called, and told them they made a mistake and I got the wrong sandwich - all they could offer was a free slice of pizza..... not my money back or the sandwich I ordered. If you want the correct order, don't order from this place. Take my word!Thank you maxis for changing my life with this pizza. The pizza at maxis is good, it's actually incredible. Dripping with olive oil, just the right amount of cheese and sauce, the crust thin and toasted for the perfect amount of time in the oven . The cheese tasted as if they had made it fresh in the back of the shop that day. The tomato sauce tasted almost as good as my grandmas. I genuinely thought I was in Venice, Italy while eating this pizza until I looked out my window and realized I was in north Philly. Easily the best pizzeria at temple university and all of Philadelphia if I'm being honest. It puts Diamond Pizza, Philly Style, Plazza Pizza or whatever other pizzeria there is on Temple's campus to shame to the point where they should close down. I'm from New York and this pizza is equivalent to any slice I've had there.