What a fantastic new addition to Main St in Manayunk. Been here twice now 
I can't say enough about the overall experience we had on our recent visit. 
Excellent, knowledgable service in a clean comfortable setting. 
The menu is creative with small plates that are so fresh and delicious. Chef/owner seemed very engaged with the patrons making sure all was top shelf. 
Drinks and music were both refreshingSo glad we found this place. Wow. Amazing tapas of seemingly every major genre of cuisine. And each executed so well and so deliciously. Cannot reco this place enough. Great cocktails too. Chef stayed open late for us and was just as cool as we would've expected based on the food.I really enjoyed the very interesting and eclectic tapas menu. They let us in late and kept the kitchen open and served us with a smile and a bunch of plates of excellent thoughtful plates.
Thanks!The food is always great, without question. Maya J's used to be a weekly stop for my boyfriend and I. It is also the ONLY place in Manayunk with multiple vegan options. My boyfriend eats meat so he loves the entire menu. The service has always been pretty bad here tho. Since we live in town, we've been coming here since they opened and it has always lacked structure & proper management. Wait times can be long and the wait staff seems inexperienced. I hope they can get the right person in there to manage the place. I'd hate to see it closeMaya J was a great pick for a last minute late dinner date. Since I was craving seafood my Yelp searching took me to Maya J nestled in between dozens of restaurants on Manayunk's Main St.
Since it was raining we were seated promptly but even that being said, our server was really nice and helpful and the food came flying out of the kitchen- unbelievably fast! Same with the cocktails. As it was a date and we wanted light food, we shared three "small plates" from the menu. Great idea! The small plates are great for sharing (see photos) and each was packed with distinct flavors. 
- The grilled octopus came out chopped up in chunks of nice portions, however the flavors were limited to the char on the outside to a strong ocean taste inside. I had to ask for lemon wedges to douse the octopus with citrus as I am not a big fan of very "fishy" flavors. But otherwise the serving was large and had a lot of potential.
- The lobster Mac N' Cheese was also served in a nice portion and the lobster chunks were big which was great!
- Lamb sliders come in a pair and the meat tasted closer to goat, a bit gamy and full of distinct meat flavor. I wouldn't get them again but I love lamb and wanted to try it out.
Overall, the ambiance was trendy and nice and I would go back again just to try other dishes on the menu. I would same I'm a fan now but definitely will write a follow up or edit after visiting again. It's definitely worth a try.Fantastic restaurant!  Every single thing is delicious... I went with a party of 7 and we were all incredibly pleased with our choices.  The wait staff was personable, friendly and thorough, prices were fair, and the food was outrageous.  New favorite place on Main Street!Lobster mad-n-cheese was amazing! The cocktails were also great. Everyone was shower friend, though I'm biased because I knew our waitress person. A great place to go if you love to try a bunch of food and share!The food was very good and great beer and mixed drink list. Would have given 5 stars but it was so loud. They should really look into noise absorbing materials for the walls. Also a very long wait at the bar for drinks and to close our tab before getting a table.Absolutely phenomenal!!! We found this little gem when we had planned to go to a different restaurant  that ended up being closed for repairs and we didn't know how lucky we were to find Maya J
Our server was highly professional, attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. I always appreciate excellent service and here even the food runners were awesome. 
The menu looks small but it packs a punch as everything we had was mouth watering and while we were quite full at the end of the meal, our mouths longed for more. We shared 6 dishes off the menu and while every single one was excellent our favorites were the Chicken Schwarma, Lobster Mac & Cheese and Kale Salad. 
After polishing off our meal we just had to sample their dessert and we were not disappointed. We had the Nutella Bread Pudding and the Creme Brûlée, both were equally satisfying but I'm still wanting for more Creme Brûlée as I write this. 
For drinks we both had Green Lotus Mojitos, very good but since the food was so amazing I stuck to water for most of the meal as I didn't want to impact the flavor of the dishes, I did knock back the mojito between finishing our meal and waiting for dessert to be served. 
Stop by Maya J next time you are on Main St, you won't be disappointed! I plan on going out of my way to get back there. In fact we peaked at the brunch menu and we will probably be sampling that this coming weekend.Tonight was our second time visiting Maya J since they opened. My boyfriend hates small plates because he is all about "value" but he loves this place! The first time we came we loved the short rib, salmon bruschetta, duck fritters and meatballs. Tonight we had the Israeli Cous Cous that was surprisingly so tasty! Also the grilled octopus was the best we have ever had, we will definitely get this every time. It seems like they change up the menu pretty often too which is nice because it gives us a great reason to keep coming back!This place is such a great asset to Main Street in Manayunk. I came with a friend and we waited at the bar for a table. The wine and drink menu was good and we enjoyed looking at all the rustic wood shelving. Bartender was very friendly and we had prompt service.
The menu was diverse and lots of good things to pick from.  We started with the kale salad and it was so good I'm still thinking about it. It didn't feel like eating kale at all. Total deliciousness. Our calamari was also cooked to perfection and very good. Next we tried the shrimp tacos. Also very good. The stellar knock out food item here is the LOBSTER MAC AND CHEESE. If you order one thing here this is it.  We loved it so much we ordered a second round for dessert. 
Make sure you get to this spot. It's too good to miss!!!I've only been to Maya J twice but oh how I've enjoyed it. Manayunk is known to be one of the hipper places in the city, but lately the restaurants haven't  been living up to the title. So when I found out there was a new restaurant opening I called right away and made a reservation for me and my colleagues. I walked in and was greeted by friendly faces taking me to my table right away. There was a menu waiting for my eyes to feast upon and I truly COULDN'T decide what to get. At first glance you can tell the menu is very well thought out as there is a earth, land, and sea section. The earth section of the menu consists of many vegeterian meals, land consists of meat meals, and sea consists of obviously seafood. Our plates came quite quick and the waitress was very attentive and helpful, giving recommendations of there favorite plates from each section of the menu. There were also many unique drink choices and they offered cane sugar soda as oposed to the cliche HFCS Pepsi type product! My favorite plates were the duck and wild rice fritters and the fire roasted tandoori chicken. The friters were a mix of corn, duck, and grains role into a ball and deliciously fried. Although they were fried, they were light and NOT greasy at all and they came with a flavorful mustard pomegranate dipping sauce. The chicken tandoori was such a gem because unlike most every tandoori it wasn't dry at al! It came with a side of okra, yogurt sauce, an some flatbread for those who might want to make sandwich. 
I cant wait to bring my family there when they visit Philly over Easter!They served us a $13 salad with nothing but a few walnuts and goat cheese on it. The curry chicken had cheap cuts of meat that were hard and covered in fat. The ramen with scallops came out with no scallops and when we asked about it they said they were out and had substituted it for a cheaper fish. I don't know how they earned any of the awards that they have, we will not be coming back. It is overpriced and very underwhelming.Cute new restaurant on Main St. in Manayunk. I love tapas and was very excited when I heard about this place opening! My boyfriend and I came in on a Friday night to try it out. There was a bit of a wait for a table so we had a drink at the bar first. The service at the bar was a bit slow but they have a nice drink selection. 
We were seated after about 20 minutes. Service in the dining area was quite slow as well. We ordered the calamari, one of the specials which were Korean style pork buns, the couscous, and the curried cauliflower. There was a very long wait for the food but it was worth it. Everything was delicious and well-seasoned. My only complaint is that the calamari was very salty. Other than that, and the long wait, everything was wonderful and the staff are very nice. They only opened a month ago so I am very optimistic about them nailing down the service and timing. I would come back :)My boyf and I frequent Maya J and we've yet to have a less than amazing experience. The food is always fresh and tasty and new menu options are available every time, allowing us to try new things each time we dine. The main bartender is the sweetest and really makes us feel welcome in the neighborhood. Maya J is a true gem on Main Street!The food is unique and delectable, the cocktails are refreshing, and the atmosphere is perfect for a classy night out.  To top off a 5 star menu, Maya J also happens to be a great neighbor.  I live right next door and recently I was struggling to get a very heavy shelf out of my car that I had (stupidly) shoved in the back seat.  Chef Wilson (I recognized him from stalking Maya J's website and menu) and another man I presume works at the restaurant generously asked me if I needed a hand and in less than 10 minutes helped me get the shelf out.  He probably didn't realize that his random act of kindness had such an impact but cheers to Maya J and it's staff.  Good food made by good people.
Side note: They also compost out back which is pretty rad.Amazing tapas restaurant, every dish we have had here has blown us away. A bit on the pricier side but well worth the extra cost.I'm a fan. My friend and I went for my birthday. Seating was immediate, and the service was fast. The small plates come out as prepared, so the first 3 were out within about 10 minutes of ordering, then the rest followed in the next 5 minutes or so. Our favorite dishes were the Thai Curry and the Eggplant. I also like the interior of the location - previously Chabaa Thai, which I loved, they added warm colors which make the whole space feel cozy and more intimate than it did prior. I'll definitely go again.If I was reviewing the food alone I would hands down give it a 4. Delicious. However a person can not solely base the review on just the food. They are either under staffed or the people that work there need to get it together. 
My drink took 20 minutes to get and they forgot my boyfriend's drink which was the same drink as mine so that took an additional 15 minutes to receive. It probably took at least 50 minutes to receive our three tapas we ordered. I literally said to my boyfriend  if it doesn't come within the next 5 mins we are just paying for our drinks and leaving. I understand you are busy but no one should be waiting that long for their food ever. 
I would like to eat the food again...but I am not sure if I will ever return.We decided to do dinner here after checking out the menu online. The positive, it's small plates to share so we ordered a little bit of everything, and the food was reallyyy, very good.   The negative, (and this seems to be a recurring theme according to other yelpers) - it took for-ev-er. In total we were there for 1.5 hours, and an hour of that was waiting for our drinks, our food, our waitress, our check, etc. We saw our drinks sitting at the bar for ten minutes before they were finally brought over (the vodka club didn't come with any lime/lemon garnishes... not very "crafty" for a place that says they excel at cocktails).
It was relatively busy and from what I could tell, our waitress must've been the only one waiting the downstairs and outside seating. She passed our table several times throughout our meal but failed to check on us, like how one would expect a waiter to ask those key questions "how is everything? - do you need a refill on your water? - ready for the check?" If we had wanted another drink, we might have gotten it faster if we walked down to one of the local bars. I got the feeling she hasn't waited tables before. When she finally came to take our order,  I was mid-sentence when the bar tender yelled over to her and she totally just walked away from us to talk to the bartender... I considered leaving at that point but I hate confrontation.  In the end the food was good so I'm happy about that but it's really a shame how long it took. Need to rethink their serving technique, because I've honestly had better, faster and more attentive service at CJ and Eck's bar (which is an awesome place everyone should check out).
Also, not that it's a deal breaker for me but I really couldn't figure out what kind of vibe this place is going for? It's very pretty inside and feels intimate, yet they were playing obscure 80s and 90s hip hop music which seemed a bit incoherent to me. Oh well!I went last night with 5 of my gf's.  All and all it was a great meal! Wine list still needs some work and when two of my gf's were asking about some sparkling wine the waitress and one of the host/owner didn't seem to have a clue. 
We ordered a bunch of plates from the 3 areas- highlights for me- the calamari, curried cauliflower, lamb meatballs, and kale salad. We also had the duck dumplings- ok, grilled octopus- ok and some others.  
All and all- food was good, service was ok, our waitress forgot one of the specials and never came back to tell us; we sat upstairs- another large party was up there so it was loud and the bar downstairs seemed nice.  Definitely a nice new addition and will be back!My friend (son of a world class chef in Philly) & I had 2 Earth dishes to share & 2 main dishes from the Sea section tonight. We were impressed.
The fact that the menu had so many different cuisines made us nervous, because who can do that level of farm to table fusion for this reasonable price? 
Chef Wilson can.
The clearly farm fresh Madras Cauliflower Curry was finger licking creamy heaven letting farm to table really shine, don't neglect the spicy chutney that's easy to over look, it is perfect to top the freshly made naan. 
The Thai Yellow Curry vegetables had just the right amount of spice & savory goodness that was so well balanced, I all but licked the plate clean, if you enjoy Thai food, this dish will surely satisfy.
The Sea section was again wow. My friend had the Main Lobster & Mac & cheese, perfectly al dente, amazingly creamy and unique taste that lingers after each bite. 
The Ton Yom Goon was -for me- the icing on a perfect cake, it was the most phenomenal simply amazingly fresh flavored classic with a twist that will make me think of it for days to come. The rice noodles must be home made because their texture is unrivaled. The broth plays so perfectly with the thin sliced mushrooms, you'll wish it was a never ending bowl. 
Service was perfect and I will be here to experience every item on the impressively varied menu. 
Eat here...now.New favorite spot for tapas style plates in Manayunk! Head Chef is heavily involved in running all aspects of the restaurant and his culinary creations are bar none. Tuna Poke, Seitan Cous Cous, and Calamari were some of the best dishes I've had in a while. Bartender (Billy McGee I believe) was friendly, accommodating and all around wonderful. Can't wait to stop in again.Love this place!  First time.  Went with friends and tried alot of different choices.  The salmon bruschetta was my favorite.  The Chevre cheese made it it.Surprisingly wonderful food. Not particularly inexpensive alas but lovely dinner. Wish they served light beer - they don't. The shrimp tacos fabulous. Really liked the curried cauliflower and a special recommended by our server of Hong Kong green beans and delicious tofu. Grilled octopus a little bit salty. Lamb keftedes- really tasty meatballs. Didn't taste the other dishes. We ordered 2 plates per person. Even my persnickety husband was delighted. 
To reserve a table you have to email them. Got a confirmation back in ten minutes.Super tasty, recommended by a friend, and we were glad we listened. Tapas/small plate/sharing style place with fairly reasonable prices and tasty drinks.  Seating was good, with plenty of additional seating  (most of it really) upstairs.  Service was quick and courteous, with a hostess, waitress, & bus boy.  We weren't that hungry, so we ordered 3 and it was a good amount.  Would probably get 4 otherwise, or a dessert afterwards.  The chicken schwarma dish with cois cous was good, the special duck sliders were pretty tasty, and the tuna taco special was good, but wish they were just a bit bigger, or 2 of them for a little more. Any way, no deal breakers, good overall, and I'd gladly try more of their menu given the chance.Outstanding food! A welcomed New addition to Main Street. They are still working out a few kinks since only opening their doors a month ago. When my fiancé and I when on Friday night we definitely did not expect it to be as busy as it was. They have a great cocktail list amazing specials and an outstanding food that leaves you meticulously reviewing the menu deciding what you should order. The waitstaff and the bartenders are very friendly although regarding speed of service you can tell that they're definitely overwhelmed at the overall busyness of the restaurant. Maya J is owned by two gentlemen one of which is the executive chef. The other gentleman was in the front of the house greeting guests, establishing rapport, really getting to know their new clientele. I highly recommend you try out this new restaurant!!!!Great combination of flavors and countries in the menu. The food is unique and well elaborated. Loved the tapas style dining experience. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Go out and try it yourself!!!Everything here was great. From the time we walked in until we left the restaurant was awesome. Food was delicious and the wait staff was on point! The drinks were AMAZING! And you have to save room for dessert! Def will go again!So delicious- small generous plates of interesting flavors of various countries' cuisines - we had Thai curry, Greek and an assortment of American sliders- friendly service and fun bar. Will be back!As we were strolling down Main Street yesterday evening deciding where to have dinner, we spotted this adorable restaurant and decided to give it a try. What a great decision! After a quick look at the menu we realized it was a tapas- style restaurant with a delicious selection of food and drinks. 
I'll start with the food- we tried the salmon sliders, fried calamari, duck dumplings and the shrimp tacos. Everything I put into my mouth was absolutely delicious! My boyfriend was practically inhaling each item out in front of us. I literally can't wait to go back and try the other selections. I thought that 4 tapas was perfect for 2 people to share. 
The drinks- also delicious! I had the sparkling pear martini and it was both sweet and strong, it was so good my boyfriend ordered one for himself after sampling mine. They had q great selection of cocktails as well as wines and craft beers. 
The service- I was very pleased with the service, out waitress was attentive and knowledgable. When our second martini took longer than expected she apologized and didn't charge us for it which was such a plus even though the atmosphere in the restaurant was so great we didn't mind staying longer. The owner (I presume)  was walking around checking in on the diners and he seemed genuinely interested in how our experience was.
Ambience- they have 2 floors- the first smaller because it has the bar but offers open air seating by the window, the second floor had about 15 tables and was dimly lit but also offered a nice view of Main Street. 
Maya j is a very welcomed addition to Manayunk and we can't wait to come back again!The beef bulgogi and chicken shawarma are simply amazing. The range of tastes that the menu covers is beyond exceptional.My boyfriend and I were excited to try this place and restaurant week seemed like a great time to try it out. We ordered 4 of their small dishes including their "ramen". Needless to say, i was very disappointed with their take on this dish. The whole point of a soupy dish is the intense hardiness and the taste of hints of long boiled flavor. I didn't taste any of this. I preferred ramen noodles in a package over this disappointing dish. 
I would, however, like to point out their delicious tofu and green beans. This is the only reason they are getting one of the stars. 
Service was slow, ambience was okay and food was mediocre. Although it wasn't my favorite and probably would not go back... they do have a cool concept and I do understand what they are trying to do.I've long felt Manayunk has been devoid of good restaurants as a whole and am happy to report that Maya J is a winner.  With the exception of the duck dumplings, which were merely okay, all the dishes I had at Maya J were excellent.  The Israeli couscous was my personal favorite.  I also had the shrimp and scallop soup and the chicken tacos.  Really good flavor.  Small portions, and a bit on the pricey end, but to be expected for an upscale feeling new main street spot.  4 dishes for two people was a good amount, though 5 or even 6 wouldn't have been too much food.  Good, reasonably priced beer as well (Goose Island Sofie on tap - $6 a pint if I'm not mistaken).  I wasn't blown away, so not a 5 star place, but a very solid 4.  I will undoubtedly be back.I've been here twice now and both times were fantastic. The bottles of the wine are very reasonably priced so start with that.
All the food I've had has been delicious so far. The lobster Mac and Cheese and the Quinoa (came with tofu kabobs) are both must haves! Also the cauliflower and the Kale Salad are winners for sure.
I love the variety on the menu. No matter what you are in the mood for, they serve it! 
Service is pretty good, and the owner is very friendly. Maya J is hopefully going to be here in Manayunk for a long time.One of the best meals my husband and I have ever had out.  We went for our anniversary hoping for a great meal after eyeing the restaurant for a while and reading all the great reviews, and it exceeded expectation.  The food is spectacular, and I rarely use that sort of descriptor for restaurants.  My husband had octopus and a shrimp dish and loved both.  I'm vegetarian, and it's rare to find vegan dishes so well seasoned and flavorful in a restaurant.  I also love that they aren't afraid of heat and spice!  I got the madras cauliflower, the seitan bolgogi and the seitan schwarma, (which I shared with the hubby) and we both loved all of the dishes, especially the cauliflower.  We had delicious carrot cake and an incredible ricotta cheese cake for dessert.  Their cocktails are delicious as well, really flavorful and well balanced.  We had the Shore House and the Main Street Mule.... so so tasty!
I highly recommend Maya J for amazing food and cocktails!  I can't wait to go back!!!!5 for food. 3ish for service. When the food is this good it trumps all. We waited about 20 mins for drinks, 30 mins for food. I forgot all about it when I tasted the amazing dishes. 
I will put a disclaimer that we came during restaurant week. Not sure if the place was busier than normal because of this. Though we waited a while for drinks, the owner came over and finally took our order and comped us our first round. We were super appreciative that they recognized that we had been waiting and immediately corrected the issue with no question. Not only that, but he continued to check in with us throughout the meal to make sure everything was great. 100% made up for drink waiting time. 
I'm super critical of octopus and get it almost every where I go. This octopus was like butter. So so good. The massuman curry was the richest I've ever had, but could eat bowls of it. The lobster mac and cheese was also to die for and the tuna poke was the perfect combo of fresh and crunchy. Still dreaming about it all. YUM. 
I'd absolutely pass on dessert if I came back but ethically I cannot remove a star for dessert when it's not something I get at every restaurant. The ice cream sandwich seemed like it was made out of grocery store ingredients (hard cookies, unflavorful vanilla ice cream, and Hershey's syrup). If I came back I would not order. But I will definitely be back for the rest!This place is incredible! Every time we go here I love it! Great drinks! Food is amazing! The seafood ramen was so good! And the bread pudding was delicious!Wish is could this place more stars but the service was horrible. We waited at least 45 minutes -1 hour  for our drinks; the server was not sure who had what when he was delivering our food.Tried this spot out at 8pm on a Friday and was seated right away, though the restaurant looked full. They don't take reservations for less than 6 people FYI. For a restaurant that just opened, I realize a few kinks will need to be worked out and this manifested itself as cocktails taking about 30 minutes to arrive after several apologies from our waiter. Otherwise, the server was great and the food was excellent. We had the Braised Boneless Short Ribs, Lamb Meatballs, Salmon Bruschetta and Maya J buger sliders. Bruschetta and burger sliders were the best, but other items were great as well. Four dishes, 2 cocktails, and dessert ran just under $100 after tip which I think is a fair to slightly high rate for great food in Manayunk. Four dishes is probably the correct amount for 2 people too. Will likely return.The food is to die for, beyond spectacular every single time. But the staff couldn't care less, always disorganized and slow ugh. Michael behind the bar is probably the most knowledgeable and attentive of them all, and he's a bartender not a waiter. We recently learned they're renovating and possibly changing up the menu. Fingers crossed it will be a change for good!The food, THE FOOOOOD. Oh sweet lord, delicious. The curry was warm, rich, and tasted as though it had simmered for hours on end. Yet the veggies were still freshly cooked, despite tasting so flavorful! The addition of the glutinous Korean rice cakes inside of the curry is GENIUS. Like the yummiest, chewiest, dumplings. 
When I tell you that the Kale salad was gone in less than 5 minutes, you know this place is special. Every fork was digging in with gusto. And it truly was a standout. A gorgeous, rich hummus underneath, and dressed Kale on top (which had been marinated in this rich, sweet, cashew, sesame cream). Topped with roasted peanuts. One of the most delicious plates of food I've ever had. 
Also, do not miss the Lychee Martinis!
Other standouts (according to my family members): Lobster Mac, tacos, smoked salmon.Great food, good service! I will definitely be back and would love to eventually try everything on the menuAhhhh I hate writing negative reviews. As residents of Manayunk, my husband and I love trying all the new restaurants that pop up. Since we had company this weekend, we decided we had to try Maya J. I've been seeing write ups about it on Manayunk.com etc and we were really excited to get something new down on Main Street. 
Unfortunately the service in this restaurant is awful. It started with us walking in.  We stood very confused in the doorway with no direction at all, and no greeting from any staff member. Eventually we were summoned upstairs by, I suppose, the hostess. I think the big problem was that our server was overwhelmed. He had maybe a few more tables than he could handle and he was probably not properly trained before being thrown on the floor. At one point he got the other restaurant he worked at mixed up with the one he was currently serving us at. I asked what kind of cane sodas he had (I'm currently 9mos prego and need soda) and he told me Pepsi products. Of course we had done some research and knew they had nice sodas to offer. 
An hour after arrival, we had only received 2 of the 8 small plates we had all ordered. Eventually we got a couple more. When the owner came by to see how it was going, I was not ashamed to tell him we had been waiting a long time and we're still missing some plates. 5 minutes later our bill showed up. Apparently the owner had told the server we needed our check but we still wanted the rest of our food! And to make it worse the things we did not receive were still on the bill. I won't even get into the fiasco in taking those items off the bill so we could just get out of there. 
With all that being said, sadly, the food was actually pretty good. The lobster Mac and cheese was pretty perfect and the lamb meatballs were fine. But when you have four new customers (one super pregnant one) making people wait for over an hour is unacceptable. The service is what ruined the experience for us. Not to mention the insanely dusty glass tile wall next our table and the cheap wonky tables. 
We needed our night at whirled peace so we didn't go home hungry.My sister and I are new to the area and we saw that Maya J had great reviews on Yelp so we would give it a try. It exceeded our expectations! 
Right when we walked in we were warmly welcomed by the owner, bartender and waiter. As soon as we sat down we started to chat with the owner about where we were all from, where we have been, types of cuisines etc. Everyone was extremely friendly and the whimsical banter was much appreciated. The owner made his presence known through out the whole experience, asking us how were doing and if we needed anything. Even the bartender was checking in from time to time. 
We ordered the cucumber crisp cocktail and the shore cocktail and both were extremely delicious. The presentation was beautiful and the portion size was great for the price. We also ordered the beef bulgogi, octopus, and tuna poke, which all three were amazingly seasoned and delicious! The portion size was pretty generous too, considering it said small plates. I want to highlight the tuna poke especially because the texture and flavor was spot on. I could eat that every day! The octopus was also perfectly cooked. Another reviewer described it as "butter" which is the prefect description for it!
My sister and I were pleasantly full after eating these three dishes. We ordered two more cocktails: spicy pickle martini and the Martinez. If you like martintis I highly recommend the spicy pickle martini. I cook sip on those bad boys all night long! 
Although we were stuffed we still wanted to try dessert. If you like chocolate, the chocolate torte is a must!  Sinfully decadent and again, portion size was pretty big for a dessert!
Not only is the food and drinks amazing and reasonably priced but the atmosphere is welcoming and the staff is super friendly and accommodating. Would come back in a heartbeat! I cannot wait to try their other restaurant Gigi's :)Every time I've been here there's something new and exciting on the Happy Hour food menu, and I have yet to be disappointed!! My new favorite spot to go in Manayunk!New to Philly, I wondered into this bar and was delighted with the very tasty Lobster Mac and Cheese.  Chef Wilson was tending bar and provided friendly conversation.  I felt at home and look forward to making this my Saturday afternoon treat.Maya J , I know you guys are still  somewhat new to Manayunk so I am giving you the benefit of still being  new . Maya I'm sorry to say this but, you guys need some improvements, and I know its my own opinion in saying this. 
Maya , what is saving you right now from being a  2 star establishment is your Grilled Octopus and your Lobster Mac and Cheese. I will dive into that in a moment, but here are the issues we had that evening.  
Issue 1: Civeche~
Maya's  your civeche is missing some added flavors, that flavorful "Pop" was not there. I, along with our party was disappointed with the dish at hand. You served shrimp with one little piece of lobster with lime juice, dressed with stale popcorn along side of it.  Maya , you were missing some key ingredients  such as onions , cilantro, with chopped up hot and regular peppers.  It lacked that flare , that nice little kick you'd receive from the serrano, or habanero peppers which ever you should use. That is a proper way of making civeche just to let you know. Maybe you should rethink the name of this dish.
Issue 2: Tiger Shrimp Tacos~
You need to go back to the drawing board with this one. The shredded cabbage you used didn't taste to fresh, it was more rubbery than crisp. Your shrimp was barely there and that queso you added over top had a tang to it. It also lacked the  avocado,  but our waitress was getting hammered with other tables, that I didn't bother her with it. 
Issue 3: Braised Boneless Short Ribs~
Reading it on the menu would make any mouth salivate, to the point where you think it is a must order. I am sorry but this was dry, and seemed to be over cooked. Where was the pumpkin bread pudding? Where was that savory flavor that you illustrated ? Presentation looked nice, but it lacked in flavor. 
Issue 4: Service~
This is a minor issue, but still needs to be said. It seemed like they were taking their time with the drinks. I am not saying our waitress was slacking off , she was hustling. She was trying her best to accommodate, but when your bar takes their time it makes her look bad. Waiting 15-20  minuets  for drinks is not acceptable.  
What did work great for you guys and these are a must order:
Must order : Char Grilled Octopus ~
Perfectly charred , the octopus had a great taste to it. It wasn't rubbery, mixed with a lemon, and parsley medley this is a must. What also enhanced the flavors even more was the roasted hot pepper they added to the mix. 
Must Order : Lobster Mac and Cheese~
This dish was on point with the nice pieces of lobster, down to the creamy cheesy goodness used. I understand it is a 4 cheese mac and cheese , I am telling you the taste buds were very pleased with this dish. The smell alone is enticing, again good job with this. 
 Work out the kinks Maya if you want to make it in Manayunk, because the competition is on point and on their game.Every dish that the four of us ate was excellent.  We were initially a little wary that the chef was trying to accomplish too much with such a varied menu however all of the small dishes were amazing.  We loved the veggie tacos and cauliflower, the Moroccan soup with lamb meatballs, the cous cous tagine as well as the dishes from the sea.  The apple pie for dessert was delicious.  I can't wait to go back and try more dishes.At last-Main Street has a decent, upscale place for food and drink! Hoo-effing-ray!!! 
I've been back home for a little over a year now, living on the Roxborough/Manayunk border yet finding myself going into Center City on a regular basis for outstanding food and drink. Every jaunt to the highly touted dining establishments of Manayunk's Main Street has ranged from disappointing to dismal, with the exception of Lucky's Last Chance whose burgers and Dark and Stormys always hit the spot. 
It's Good Friday and after a visit to Bishop Neumann's shrine with my good Catholic pal DM, we made our way to Main St. and lucked out with a free parking spot a short walk from Maya J's. This is a pleasant looking place, not fancy but it utilizes well the weird, narrow spaces that make up much of the older buildings and row houses in the area. We chose to sit upstairs by an open window with a pretty view of one of the local bridges. Our server was very perky but not in a phony way. She made us feel welcome but did not attmept to be our BFF. She gave us our menus and recited the list of specials and did not rush us into making any decisions. I started with the Main Street Mule which came in a copper mug with a sprig of mint. It was a decent, well poured drink but just a trifle sweet for my personal taste. DM had a club soda and started with the gazpacho (a special), and I almost had to stop her from licking the bowl. I was in the mood for fries to nibble with my drink and even though they were not on the menu, when I asked if I could have an order, the request was graciously received and the fries were delivered hot and tasty with 2 very good dipping sauces. I had an arugala salad (a special) with a blackberry and candied walnut garnish and 2 bruschetta-ish breads with softly melted cheese on the side. 
We had 2 servers take care of us-a pretty dark haired young lady and a handsome young AA gentleman who really rocked his bow tie. They were both upbeat, patient and genuinely nice. How wonderful to be in a place where people seem to like their jobs and the customers. No hipper than thou attitudes here.
DM, the vegetarian, ordered the Grilled Tofu Kabob from the Earth section of the menu while I ordered the Tiger Shrimp Tacos from the Sea section. We both tucked in and loved our choices. Our female server checked on us several times without being obsequious.  I had a second drink-the Green Lotus Mojito - in a tall Pilsner-esque glass garnished with mango chunks. It was so good, refreshing, beautiful and perfect with my food that I would have happily had 4 more-except 2 drinks are my limit. The bartender does a nice pour and this was a handsomely crafted cocktail-not at all sweet, but thirst quenching and very bright with the flavor of pureed cucumber. Ideal for a warm, early spring evening.
Desserts were offered and we succumbed. I had the rice pudding with coconut and tropical fruits, served in a charming dish and mounded on what looked like banana leaves. This dessert was exceptionally good because it was not cloyingly sweet and I could taste each individual ingredient. It was the perfect size for one person, too small to realistically split.
DM ordered a chocolatey cake confection stuffed with blueberry cream and garnished with berries and lightly sweeteend whipped cream (and large enough to share). We both commented that the restrained use of sugar in both desserts made them outrageously good and we cleaned our plates. 
We were not rushed to pay the check. As we left, every server that we passed thanked us for coming and wished us a good evening. On the way out the door, one of the owners asked me if I'd enjoyed myself. I told him what I said at the beginning of this review-at last Main Street had a damned good place for food and drinks. He thanked me and shook my hand and I said that I was going to go home a give him a good Yelp review. This place is relatively new and while there may be tweaks to be made, I could not suggest a single one, as our experience this evening was flawless. 
Get thee down, Yelpers, to Maya J!I arrived a bit later than my party.  I was "greeted" by what I later find out is the host/owner.  He was talking with another group and dressed such that I thought he was with them as a guest and the "greeting" came off more like I didn't belong than welcoming.  However, he did walk me to my group.
Between us, we pretty much had everything on the menu.  Portions were a bit on the smaller side but fair to call tapas.  Nothing won me over.  Other than the grilled octopus, I wouldn't get anything we had again.  The cevíche was nothing but some uncut seafood in a bit of lime juice surrounded by stale popcorn. The shrimp tacos were a nasty make up of cabbage and shell. The mac & cheese did have lobster, but were far from the most enjoyable. The boneless short ribs didn't show up until the end of the evening, but were dry and unremarkable.  I won't comment on the dishes I didn't try myself, but my group of 6 highlighted nothing else.
Service was slow.  Orders were forgotten by the kitchen.  However, our waitress was friendly and offered suggestions. She even helped straighten my drink out after it came out a bit too spicy for me.  Unfortunately, not enough for me to recommend Maya J.So good!  What made us stop in was Craig's genius beer window during StrEAT fest.  We figured if he is that smart he must be cooking up something good in the kitchen!  So many good veggie and vegan choices.  Good drink menu with draft beers.  Excellent service!  We loved our waitress.  Craig also came out to say hello during dinner.  Great way to get to know your patrons. 
I highly recommend the tofu and falafel. We will be back and we are also going to try their other restaurant Gigi.
Wonderful additions to Main st.Girlfriend and I decided to try Maya J after hearing some buzz about it. We were extremely disappointed. 
Entered and were assigned an extremely pretentious waitress. Immediately, began talking about how amazing the restaurant is and how excited we should be, and we were.
We ordered 4 dishes to share. 3 were mediocre - the best being a chicken curry dish. The ramen we ordered was just bad. Poorly cooked noodles and complete lack of flavor. When the waitess returned she asked "how good is all of that?!" when we told her it was okay she was absolutely put off that we didn't love it and made no attempt to understand what we did/didn't like. 
Very poor experience, mediocre food at best, and expensive. Will never return