Secret I really don't wanna share: 
Starting at 6PM, buns are 3 for $1.50!
Can't get any cheaper than this, $0.50 a bun!! Best days to come for this are weekdays, they have lots more leftover and a variety to choose from. 
What to get:
- almond buns 
- egg tarts
- and try anything else your heart desires, seriously, it's $0.50
I really I hope I don't regret sharing this secret, so you guys better leave some for me :)Almond butter rolls is all I have to say. I will drive from West Philly just for a dozen almond butter rolls. So so so good. A must try!I love there Ying yang drink (half coffee and half tea) with cream and sugar. Coffee roll is bomb! There roasted BBQ pork turnovers are so good!Yum Buns. Yum Cakes. Yum Drinks. Okay, I may be a bit (just a bit) biased since I do work here. 
  However this bakery is really one of the best in all of Chinatown. The prices are cheap, ranging from 40 cents to 2 dollars being the highest. Their selection includes everything from Tiramisu to Almond Butter Bun to the classic Roasted Pork Buns. The Bubble Tea are made fresh every time you ordered it. Also, this bakery have a lots of little tables so you can sit and enjoy your little snack. 
  There is nothing better than fresh hot buns just out of the oven. Stop by at either 8 Am or 12 PM or 3 PM to grab one of pipping hot snacks. Or Stop by after 7 PM, for their famous 3-for-a-dollar sale. 3 Buns for only one dollar, everyday after 7. Please, how can you pass that up? 
   Nice clean atmosphere. Tables you can occupied until closing time without any objections. Cheap good snacks. Just be careful, that girl behind the counter can be a pain-in-the-butt. =)Small sample but I really, really dug their stuff--the taro boba tea was fantastic and the coconut pastry was delicious. If it wasn't my last day in Philly I would've ordered a bunch more.Great pastries at a very cheap price point. They have a variety of offerings and they are all so cheap that you can afford to try them all!I stopped in for a coffee and it was so good and so cheap! Cash only but a perfect little pickmeup. The fresh pastries look delicious. I plan on going back to try them someday soon!Egg Tarts...YUM!!!
The other stuff we had was good too, but the egg tarts hit the spot.
The stuff here is pretty cheap too.Very nice and very friendly. They took us in even though they were supposed to be closed. The food is generously inexpensive but unique and delicious.Ohhhhhh I love this bakery and this is the only thing I miss so much about Philadelphia!  
I love love love the tiramisu - sure it's not authentic Italian, but it is creamy and very light!  And for less than $2.00!  
Roasted pork buns were the staple of my diet and it was around 70 cents I think.  
Soooooooo good!  *drool*I stopped by my favorite Chinatown bakery on Thursday afternoon, only to find a bunch of workmen redoing the interior.  There was no sign (at least in English) explaining the closure, but hopefully the Mayflower will re-open soon!  BTW, my favorites are the almond butter buns.Maybe I have the palette of a 5-year old, but I LOVE getting the hot dog buns here. It's like a dessert pastry...with a hot dog in it!! Amazing!! Genius!! I tried them in San Francisco when I visited and they used mustard and cheese and made it way too heavy. I like my buns nice and sweet. Yeah, you heard me!
Also, if you order a fruit smoothie here, they will get out beautiful fresh kiwi, strawberries, mango, etc. and blend it in front of you. Sounds like what should happen all of the time, but you would be surprised what other places are serving! I've tried almost everything here, from the coconut bread loaves, to the desserts, to the bubble teas, and it has never let me down. We always pay at this place with our loose change from the week - it's that cheap!(On a visit to Philly from NoVA)
4 stars for the egg tarts and the egg tarts only. Where I'm from, egg tarts start at $1.25 and go up to $1.80 depending on the bakery. At this particular bakery the egg tarts were 80 cents a piece, which was a complete shock to me. They were surprisingly good for the price that they were sold. Didn't care to try anything else.I believe this is the best bakery in Chinatown. They seem to always be busy. I guess there's a reason why. My favorite is the almond butter bun. Just the right amount of sweetness. Everything else I've tried in here is always good. You just have to try this place!Creamy pastries are so light and well-done. Just the right amount of sugar in them (warning: if you like super sweet things, you may not like it). I am a fan and cannot wait to try the rest of their goodies.Mayflower has a $1 special in the evening, where you can get three Chinese pastries for a dollar. Unfortunately, they aren't as tasty as some of those sold by competitors, but at least they are cheap. Oh well. Their coconut roll is a bit weird; the coconut is sprinkled on the outside, rather than baked inside. The curry chicken pastry didn't taste like it had much chicken in it.WHOA! This place is amazing. I came in abruptly because the line for dim sum garden was so long that if I didn't eat within the next minute, I would probably explode in hangriness. My friend rushed me to the closest bakery and we landed here. 
I ended up getting the bbq pork bun, a taro bun, a coconut bun and pineapple cake. All of which was delicious and ALL A DOLLAR OR LESS. That's 100 cent, one buck-a-roo. This baked goodness from heaven is less than a metro ride. 
Will be back.I have been to this place a dozen times over the past few years. the food is decent, what my wife really likes is the bubble drinks. i personally think that tastes gross. the prices are fairly decent, especially for that part of the city. they have rolls and cakes that have hotdogs and pork and beef and corn in it. it's kind of gross if you didnt know that and you ate it.  
it ia basically a long rectangular building with the deli case on your left as you walk in and some small tables on your right, and in the back also, if you would like to sit down. this place does have a rest room you can just use, its behind the door to the kitchen on your right. which is kinda cool, you can just walk back and use it.I love the sponge roll croutons here.  I call them that because they are basically oven baked, crunchy, sliced sponge cakes in a bag.  They are only $1/bag and one of my favorite items here.  Unfortunately, they don't always have them but you can always just make them yourself at home with homemade or store-bough sponge cake.  I just get lazy (I know, what else is new?).  The bubble tea here is pretty average but they do have decent Asian versions of tiramisu and cheesecake, which aren't really authentic but still tasty.  The egg tarts are on par with the ones from just about every other bakery in the area, but the Swiss rolls have a little more cream filling, which makes me happy.  Most bakeries tend to skimp on that.  The seating here is very austere and cramped so I would just grab a bag (or if you are a pig, like me) a box of treats to go.Ever since I've been working in Chinatown this has been my go to place for breakfast whenever I do decide to have breakfast. Let's start off with they have a large variety of buns and a decent selection of cakes. I've had the cha siew bao aka the roasted pork bun and the pineapple bun. They were decent not the best I ever had though. The milk tea here is ehh I wouldn't get it again. It didn't have enough tea taste for my liking. But I would come back for the buns whenever I am craving for some buns !Last Saturday morning, the Mayflower Bakery had re-opened and was as good as ever!  It's our favorite stop for dessert after eating at the wonderful Shiao Lan Kung restaurant right down the street at 930 Race.Be careful and count items if your order is large. they attempted to cheat and pack it well short of what I ordered. When it happened the first time I thought it was just a mistake, but it happened straight again! Must be intentional, what a bunch of cheap cheaters!I love the wide array and assortment of beautifully decorated mini cakes that you can mix and match for a $1 a piece. A great place to go if you are tasked with bringing desert to a party.  Friendly service and well-priced treats make this a good place to go.  One complaint was although we got about six different types of cake, all of them pretty much tasted the same.Like buns ? 
Eat here . 
Seriously , this is your trustworthy Chinese bakery with the assortments of Baos and sweet cakes. We always order cakes here for our family gatherings. The cakes are Asian - style sponge cakes topped with an assortment of fruits. You can have plan whipped filling or opt for more interesting tastes like Duran or taro. Overall it's a quick stop for good quality buns .Sunday morning comes, we don't have time for brunch, and my friend says we'll just hit this bakery that has very cheap, great rolls/buns.  Mayflower was just as good as he described, I spent $4.10 and got: 
(1) pork bun
(1) ham & egg bun
(1) ham & corn bun
(2) chicken curry turnovers
(1) bottle of water. 
Four dollars and ten cents!!!!  
The bread was fluffy and delightful, this was me:  http://icanhascheezburger.files.wordpress.com/2008/01/funny-pictures-pandas-eating-noms.jpg
The standout was the pork roll, but with everything less than $0.75 for delicious, fresh, baked goods, you can't go wrong with anything there.  
This place, along with finding out how much my friend pays for her beautiful apartment proves that Philly got it for cheap.I ordered a cake late Friday with specific descriptions: chocolate filling, chocolate ganache, decorated ... and the pastry chef accommodated my request with grace and great customer service! Took the roses idea from their design book and put the petals on myself, but it is well worth the $30 price. Everybody loved the cake and the cream too!
https://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc6/267489_10151062660441658_1161361468_n.jpgI always get the roast pork buns and the pineapple bun, they don't look as nice as the one I used to have in HK but the tastes always to my satisfaction!!!  You get two free for every dozen you buy!I come here to make my own (please don't think you can make it yourself, i have special privileges) fresh made tea with the jelly things.  Also, you should ask what fruits they have that are actually fresh, because there are artificial flavors if you don't make sure.  Its good and inexpensive!  Another thing I like about this place is because of one of the "bao" they have.  In Chinese, it is called the "Mexican Bao" but in english it should be almond bun if I'm correct.  That bao is known for being the best in that bakery.  As for the desserts, I am not sure if its good or okay.Excellent food.  As a food geek who dislikes sweets, my advice is to order a smoothie "with no sugar added" and the "bun with egg, sausage, and pork."  Not For Tourists.I love me some HK bakeries with their eclectic pastries. 
I find that Mayflower is the most consistent and the ladies behind the counter are much nicer compared to other bakeries in Philly ctown.
Although I think their egg tarts need a little help, they are still decent and consistent Everytime I get them. 
Their roast pork bun is pretty good... It lacks filling but that isn't a bad thing as the party itself is delicious. The taro bun is also another go-to for me. 
Cheap, quick, delicious-- what all HK bakeries should be.Still a family favorite. So much so that when I walked in with my sister, the woman at the counter grabbed a box and started filling it before we could order. My mom usually orders a lot to bring back to NJ, so they know that they are about to sell out of some things. 
A taro bun or a coconut bun are all I really need--and maybe a Vietnamese coffee. Mom and my nephew like the buns with hot dogs.
The full cakes are beautiful and delicious for birthdays.Our family's favorite Chinatown bakery...and I think we've tried them all.  Their prices are excellent.  I paid $6 for the fresh, delicious cake pictured in this profile.  So much better than a supermarket cake.  Order the day before and pay in advance to be sure you get one when you need it!
The custard buns are good. My nephew loves the hot dog rolls.  
We all love the Swiss rolls and rainbow cake.  They have sweet dinner rolls, which is great because my niece would otherwise just throw out the hot dog and eat the roll.  I like the taro buns and custard buns.
The boba is soft on the outside, chewy on the inside.  But I don't like boba, so I can't judge.  My sister and niece liked it.  The coffee (including iced) is really good and strong. They make it with the siphon method, which is pretty cool and makes good coffee.
Never had a bad experience here...I visited in late afternoon, bought a red bean bun, croissant, honey cake, custard bun. The red bean bun was a jumbo size with lots of red bean pastes with beans visible. This red bean bun stands out among the top in Chinese bakeries in Philly. 
On the other hand, the custard inside of the custard bun was somewhat ordinary, only 1.5-2 table spoons of custard was there, the tasted like more starchy than real custard, which is the same as other asian bakery. 
Surprisingly the croissant was one of the best taste of all I had in recent croissant hunting. No glaze was on the outside, it was baked just right, light, fluffy, not too salty. Low-key, low profile croissant, but worthy to try for 1.25 dollars.
The honey cake was oriented to Chinese consumers who used to have red bean paste inside. The one I had was somewhat gluey sweet content with sticky rice powder, I think. I would not repeat this particular one.
Highly recommended red bean buns and croissants at this low-key, quiet but worthy-to-visit little bakery.This place is one of my favorites, but I do recommend that you stay away from the COLD milk teas, it tastes off. The buns there are okay. This place is pretty convenient knowing that I pass by it everyday.
Also, stay away from the sweet cakes, etc, on the left. I've seen a small roach run around.This is a hidden gem of Chinatown in terms of bakeshop. The quality and taste of pastry items were amazing. I bought the cheesecake slice for about 2.50 which isn't bad and I didn't think much of it (made me hesitate to buy) but when I had the first bite... holy smokes it was the bomb. Not dense at all, it was light and soft. I also bought multiple coconut buns and butter buns ($1.10) which was stuffed. We went around 7 pm and they close at 8 so the selection wasn't too wide. We wanted the mango fresh fruit smoothie but it wasn't available because of the season so double check. The staff were very friendly and helpful! Overall I would come again because it's-- both cheap and pleasant!Best roast pork buns ever tasted in all different Chinatowns. I thought first it was because I got them hot but even when at room temp and cold from fridge, they are really really good.Has to be hands down the BEST milk tea in Chinatown! My boyfriend also introduced me to the scallion buns & the roast pork turnovers that they have. So yummy yummy. The only thing is that since I don't speak/understand Chinese (since I'm Korean) & the employees don't speak/understand English so well, it turns into me pointing @ all the stuff I want & grunting uh huh & holding up my fingers to indicate how many I want. In all one of my favorite bakeries in Chinatown.
They also have yummy cream buns there too!Solid Chinese bakery.  I admit that I have only come here late in the evening when they offer pastry discounts, so while I appreciate the dirt-cheap prices, I have not tried their fresh pastries.  Please consider that my 3 star rating is based on the leftover pastries that have sat out for an entire day.Enjoyed a tasty iced coffee today...a great deal at $1.50. Pre-sweetened, so beware for those who like unsweetened. Wouldn't call it the best iced coffee I've ever had, but it was good! I'd definitely go back if in the areaJust stopped by today to pick up some Pork Buns. They were delicious! $1.00 per bun. The desserts looks amazing but unfortunately I didn't get a chance to try those today. I will definitely return.I came for the Japanese Tea roll. Please try it. It's delicious. Prices are great as well. Not much to say: go and enjoy!The egg tarts here are great.  4.5 stars.  That's what I keep coming back here for.
The roast pork buns are good too.  4 stars.
The custard bun, curry turnover and other things I've tried have been okay.  2-4 stars.
I'm here for the egg tarts.
EDIT: Mayflower also has an after-6pm special when they sell off some of the day's baked goods at a discounted price.  yum!This is a great spot for grabbing some of your favorite Hong Kong-style pastries. Prices are dirt-cheap, as characteristic of similar businesses in the neighborhood. While Mayflower is very budget-friendly, they certainly don't scrimp on quality. The buns are moist and fragrant and not overly sweet.
Offerings include the ever so popular pineapple bun, coconut custard, as well as more unusual items, like taro bun.
I'm just so smitten with how moist and fresh their baked goods are. Sadly, similar items sold at bakeries closer to home tend to be drier on the outside and too sugary on the inside. Mayflower strikes the perfect balance with their high-quality and delicious goodies.
Highly recommended if you're in the neighborhood and craving a Chinese-style dessert or snack.My new favorite go to for Chinese pastries. Even though last time I asked for a coconut cream bun I got a coconut bun. It was great though; same filling as the coconut tart (also excellent). Not too sweet and the bun reminded me of a baked glazed doughnut. Their custard tarts and egg tarts are the best! They have savory buns as well; such as pork, ham & cheese, scallion, hot dog. Everything is in the 75 cents to $1 range. Clean place; and the smiling ladies are always eager to wait on you. Looking forward to trying a coconut cream bun next time, and many of their other offerings which I have no doubt will be good if not great.Vietnamese coffee and buttercream bun is the best! Def best bakery in Chinatown.just brought a green tea cake today，found a butt in it，that was Disgusting。then my girl spat up the cake，I will never go there again.Cheap Chinese baked good, pleasant interior.
Came in here on a saturday morning to get some baked goods and tea before the restaurants open around 10 am. I generally liked the selection, and their was seating which meant I can sit down and just kill some time. The staff was fairly nice, and knew when I didn't need anything. Overall, nice place.Yum. Yum. Yum.  Whenever I am in Chinatown and in need of a cheap, sugary thrill, I must stop at the Mayflower.  From cheesecake to tiramisu, cream buns to more savory buns for an inexpensive lunch, you can't go wrong with a stop at the Mayflower.  I usually try to get a new typre of treat every time I visit and I haven't been disappointed yet.  As for the drink options I can't comment because I only ever order strawberry bubble tea (which is excellent).This may be the second best bakery in Chinatown so far for me. I think this bakery's selection, although not the biggest, is the least expensive and varied of all the bakeries in Chinatown. More than half of the buns and baos are $0.75. And they're big, substantially bigger than those of other bakeries, also. I got the Coconut Bun (see photo). I was surprised at its size. At least 30% larger than that of mong kok's. The interesting thing you will notice from this bakery's pastries is that they're relatively pale. They're not golden brown as pastries in other bakeries are, especially the egg tarts. My pineapple bun was also no exception. However, don't let the coloration (or lack thereof) fool you! The pineapple bun was great! The best so far. The filling was from wall to wall, and nit just a crumpled mass in the center. It was more of an enclosed sandwich than a bun. The filling was sweet and not too thick or thin. Will definitely be returning here.This review is for their tiramisu cake. I called to order a cake for my friend's b-day and was able to get it the same day! Everyone loved the cake. It wasn't too sweet like some bakeries in Chinatown. They even gave me candles too. Will definitely be back for more!One day I went around Chinatown's bakeries getting one item - the pineapple bun (it's the bun with the cracked glazed yellow top). If you're okay with my using that as a barometer, Mayflower is the best bakery in Philly Chinatown. I've tried their other items as well, and haven't been disappointed. Their roll cakes are tasty (can never go wrong with the coffee ones). This is my bakery of choice when I'm in the area.Woo, finally found my pineapple bun in Philly. Missed it a ton since returning from China, and the ones here are GOOD.Hidden gem in Chinatown!  Really good prices and delicious.  Great variety and the milk tea is simply but yummy.  Lovely place to start your morning.This is a great bakery for the prices that they sell for. The almond cookies are to die for! The furniture and interiors are pretty bare bone, but the great baked goods they have definitely compensates that. I'd highly recommend this bakery if you were picking up biscuits.Nothing special about it. Like every other Chinese bakery in Chinatown.I've tried a few bakeries in Chinatown and this is my favorite. Really good food, amazingly good prices.I love the pineapple buns here! Probably my favorite tied with KC pastries depending on what kind of pineapple bun I want....the top of the bun is a bit different from other bakeries. Usually the pineapple bun is a rich golden yellow color but this one is a pale cream. The bread itself is just so soft and fluffy...it's really a different texture than any other bakery that sells it.
Also good is the almond bun. Similar texture to the pineapple one but has some type of filling. Not overly sweet - just right, with a bit of crunch from the top. 
I also buy my birthday cakes for people here. Just so light and airy and the frosting is so so good. The taro flavored cake is a good one to try out as are their fruit cakes.
Lastly - their Vietnamese coffee is the bomb. Takes a while to make but worth the wait!I'm a fan! I frequently grab their hot dog buns and the egg tarts. Haven't been disappointed yet. In general, I'd advise going earlier in the day though. These pastry shops open their doors/ovens early. Earlier it is, the fresher the pastries.
The price is as you would expect from a Chinatown pastry shop. Nothing over $1.50. 
Don't forget to bring cash.This place is my secret obsession. Roast pork bun has onion and is not as sweet as others I've had. The sweet cream butter bun looks like a shorti roll split down the middle filled with whipped and sweetened butter and the outside is covered in coconut flakes. The almond butter buns are a brioche type bun with a almond butter crust on top, all a must try. At about a dollar a piece you can't go wrong. Egg tarts, loaf breads and buns of all kinds. The staff isn't going to kill you with kindness but they won't let people cut you in line and they don't dilly dally. Try them out, you won't be disappointedI have been coming here for years and the one time I decide to get no ice in my drink and they proceed to make it and not tell me that If I get no ice, I get only half the amount of liquid. After being such a loyal customer for so long this has been the most disappointing encounter.Mayflower is my now go to HK bakery in Philadelphia.
The counter ladies are very nice and accommodating. For instance, Chinese people tend to be... Pushy and impatient and not respect lines. How the workers handle the situation shows how they value customers. Today, an older Chinese man line jumped me while the ladies were helping others...I patiently waited. Of course he saw me wait in line... But didn't care. 
However the lady knows I frequent the establishment often so she did help me and passed off the older man's order to the other worker. With that, I ended up being served faster despite being lined jumped. I really really really appreciated the workers seeing my loyalty... That's why I refuse to go-to zhongs. They let line jumping happen to me many times. 
I think they recently began selling steamed pork buns. $1 is a steal. Some other pastries went up 10 cents but not a big deal. I thoroughly enjoy the taro bun!!!FYI: CASH ONLY!!
We found this place while searching for a good bakery to buy an Asian fruit cake for my dad's birthday since neither him nor my mom likes the standard cake one would get at a regular grocery store. Yelp comin' in clutch on this one for sure.
WHAT I GOT: Taro mini cake
PROS: If you don't know the difference between an Asian fruit cake and regular cake, fear not! I'll explain right now. Asian fruit cake is make with a airy, fluffier cake with a very light cream in between the layers and as the frosting. And I use that term very lightly since the cream is honestly not very sweet at all compared to your conventional frosting. There's always some fruit on top and maybe some chopped up bits in the cream that's inside the cake as well. Or there's taro in there, depending on what kind you get. Mayflower's taro cake was excellent. The actual cake part had the right texture and tasted awesome. Just the right amount of firmness yet it was still extremely fluffy. The cream was just the way my family likes it, not too sweet but enough to compliment the cake, and the taro layers in between added a nice savoryish sort of taste to the whole thing. The cake was also only $10 and we only finished half of it. Cheap and good quality. Ummm yes.
CONS: If you're going for something like a cake, make sure you either go early or you call in because what you see in their display case is basically everything they're selling for the day. So it's a "first come first serve" type deal.Great prices to make tasty treats! About $1.00 for a bun/bread. Light fluffy and creamy. So far the almond bread bun is my favorite. :)I only had the bubble tea when I got here late in the evening. My friend really wanted egg tarts, but they ran out earlier in the day. This is some of the strongest bubble tea I've had in the area, and its super cheap for the tea! Definitely going to come in the next time I'm around for egg tarts and more freshly made, on the spot bubble tea.This review is based solely on their dou jiang (chinese soymilk). First, I thought it said the price was 0.75, but that was the price of the hot version--cold soy milk was 1.50, so the price was pretty unexpected. Second, their dou jiang was really watered down.  I'm usually a fan of any and all soy milk drinks, but this was really NOT good. It didn't taste like much, and I felt cheated of my money.Pineapple buns and coconut buns give me life. My ex boyfriends family used to buy them for me on a weekly basis, honestly the best thing to come out of that relationship. Anyway, pineapple buns, if you haven't heard, are bread buns with a crackly sweet top. The coconut version is stuffed with a sugary coconut almost jammy filling. VERY GOOD. Disclaimer there is no pineapple in a pineapple bun, the top just sort of looks pineappley which is why I assume it got this name(but don't quote me.)
Ok now for the review. This bakery is very unassuming from the outside, even from the inside really. But in line patrons were throwing money at the cashiers to get their treats and we knew we were in a good place. The texture for the bun I got here was amazing. The bun was soft, like biting into a sweet airy pillow which perfectly contrasts the crackly topping. The coconut filling was perfectly sweet and delicious. It was all so good, I forgot to take a picture. Just trust me on this one guys, this is good stuff!the coconut buns and tarts here are transcendent. for the price, i'm not sure you could get a more delectable baked good in the entire city of philadelphiaDefinitely my favorite bakery in Chinatown.  The cakes are light & fluffy and CHEAP.  I love the lemon cake and egg custard tarts for 75 cents apiece.  The ladies are pleasant.  It's not too dingy inside.  The prices are on par with other bakeries, but I find the quality here is always consistently good.
This is the perfect place to feel like you're splurging without breaking the bank.  Just be careful & don't go too crazy.  It's easy to want to buy one of everything at these prices.  The pastries here are best if eaten on the day of purchase.Great small local Asian bakery in the heart of Chinatown. 
Excellent prices, many of the pastries and buns were under $2.
We ordered the pork bun - more sweet then savory, the pork tasted almost like bbq. It was very satisfying. 
We also tried the ham and corn bun - that one was just okay... Again, pretty sweet, not bad tasting, just nothing memorable.
We also tried their cream filled bun.... Now that one was a HIT! OMG, It was soooo good. Whipped light cream on the inside, slightly dusted with coconut sugar shavings in the outside. Tasted like a light and fluffy donut. 
All in all, I really liked it here! Will definitely come back and try out more buns and pastries when I'm back in Philly!For the price and speediness 5 stars to this bakery. 12 inch circle cake Twice I've needed cakes within a couple of hours and they were able to do it without any hesitations! Definitely a very reliable go to for fluffy Chinese fruit cake in a bind. 
Taste is fantastic and the fruit is VERY fresh. 
However, the options for design and flavors are rather limited, and they aren't the prettiest of cakes, so if you're looking for a cute little slice, I would go else where BUT if you're like me and forget certain special occasions, this place will be your savior at times!The peanut-filled snowball is really good. The filling is sweet and crunchy. At the end of the day, around seven, 3 for $1.50.. The almond butter bun is my favorite.I've been coming here for Asian bakeries for years.  It's centrally located in Chinatown and has good hours.  It's also relatively clean, up to date appearing.  The ladies behind the counter speak some English.
I recommend the roast pork buns which is meaty full of flavors and sweet at the same time.  Also like the almond buns, coconut tart and butter buns.  If you like ice milk tea get it here and add some leeche jelly.  It's quite good here and much cheaper than bubble tea places.
Overall this is my go to bakery in Chinatown.  After 6pm you can get 3 buns for $1.50 which is a steal.  Will definitely come here again.Stopped into Mayflower Bakery & Cafe while in the area for brunch. I needed to pass time so I went into Mayflower because of their incredible reviews here on Yelp. They have a great selection of both sweet and savory pastries, tea drinks, and coffees. 
I opted to get a Vietnamese Coffee and skip the pastries because I didn't want to spoil my appetite, though the items on display really did tempt me! Since this is a cash-only establishment, but I didn't have any on me, I was able to venmo to pay for my $4 coffee. It was delicious and worth every penny of the very affordable price.
The other items are also very inexpensive. I can't wait to return to try a pastry... or three.This bakery is great! They have everything my old fave (Harmony Bakery) used to have, plus so much more. I recently tried the egg tart for the first time because someone reviewed it so well and it was tasty! 
My go-to's continue to be the buns. I love almond, coconut, and red bean buns!!! The Vietnamese coffee is delish and worth the wait, too. I'm sure they have anything for anyone!
AND CHEAP! That's what I love about the bakeries in Chinatown- a great place to take your kids and let them have at it!We are New Yorkers visiting Philly on a day trip and while in Chinatown, stumbled upon this bakery. We had a pork bun and a red bean bun and they were so delicious. Huge, fresh, sweet and savory! We spent less than $4 for this afternoon treat and seeing as they had ample seating, we took a break to sit down and got to really enjoy our buns. Would recommend this bakery to anyone and everyone.Mayflower is my favorite Chinese bakery in Chinatown. It took me almost a year to sample around the various bakeries in Chinatown, but Mayflower soon pulled ahead as the best and is now a routine pit stop for me when I do my weekly grocery run. 
Recommendations for sweet breads: red bean bun, almond bun, egg tart
Recommendation for savory: char siu bao (BBQ pork)
The bread is soft and flaky and the inside fillings for both sweet and savory breads are phenomenal. (For your reference, I come from the land of JJ Bakery, 85 degrees, Duke, etc.) 
It is cash only. Service is always lightning fast and very cordial.Pork buns are one of my favorite foods ever...but the one at Mayflower tasted solely of caramelized onions...It tasted good just not what I was expecting. It should have been called French onion soup bun or caramelized onion bun...but the char sui does not stand out at all, so it was disappointing in that respect.We go here every time we are in Philadelphia. Their Butter Buns are superlative. Actually, everything we've tried is so good it is hard to choose a favorite.This is my favorite shop for ordering fancy Asian cakes at very competitive prices. For $15, you get a beautifully crafted, soft, cloudlike creation that'll please any parties of 5-8 people, for just $5 more, you can get a much larger cake (fruit, tiramisu or chocolate) that can feed double that number. I personally love the fruit cake because the cake is split into numerous layers, separated by additional fruit chunks.Pretty good bakery in the Chinatown area with one special feature - hot and fresh baked goods throughout the day!! Instead of being mass cooked in the morning there's fresh baked goods constantly coming in which are always quite the treat. I'm a big fan of the custard bun and almond butter bun, but many are yet to be tried. Since the buns are always coming out throughout the day, the selection at one time isn't always too extensive but everything made here is good.
An added convenience is their acceptance of Venmo for payments, pretty rare for Chinatown. Next time I will have to try their cakes too. :D