Not going to lie, I was a bit disappointed with my first experience at Maza Taza. As a son of immigrant parents from Lebanon and Turkey I've been eating this stuff since birth, so putting all bias aside....
The overall concept works but the quality of meat and ingredients are sub par.  The chicken was slimy and choices for topics were not fresh. I witness them cooking frozen chicken on grill.
Advice:
- serve better chicken
- serve taziki sauce 
- don't overload the sandwich with  tahini
- replace the yellow rice with rice pilaf 
- hire employees who speak some English 
If you're looking for a step up from this , give Apricot Stone a goWe tried meat and chicken kabab, meat and chicken shawarma, hummus, baba ghanouj, tabouleh. Everything was delicious and you can't stop eating, baklawa, halawet jeben with tea after the big meal was very delicious too. The manager is very welcoming and generous. 
Very recommended to try, you will not be disappointedFood was not that great and the cook was absolutely not welcoming. He gave attitude and seemed frustrated at our group's order. We asked for an extra side and he rolled his eyes and seemed annoyed. Don't waste your time here. Go somewhere where they want appreciate your business.Great service. Conveniently located on spring garden, very visible sign outside!  Great food, looks and tastes great and also good prices! Will def go there again!  Much better than grabbing a slice of pizza and healthier too!I love this place...the food is fresh with tasty ingredients, and the service is friendly! Plus it is convenient for me to get take-out for lunch given Maza Taza is near my office.Ordered the beef shawarma (meats are halal) on a pita, along with stuffed grape leaves, falafels, fries with sumac, and baba ghanoush. I basically went overload, as always, and ordered it all. 
Everything was amazing, tasted very fresh, homemade, and perfectly seasoned; including the sauces, bread, and all of the Maza Sides I ordered.
I also got some baklava to go and will be enjoying that with some black tea later.
I will definitely be back again, and excited they've come to the area! Long live Shawarma sandwiches!!!I ordered a falafel rice bowl with everything on it.  Falafel was fresh and made to order.  Huge portion size for what I paid.  Owner was very pleasant.  Will definitely be back!Great service, good food. Everything tastes good and is fairly priced.  They once messed up my order and gave it to me for free which I thought was very kind.I'm staying at an air bnb around the corner and my first night here I was tired and it was cold, so there were very few things open that were convenient. The restaurant was about to close, but the nicest young woman accommodated me with what was left. She sautéed vegetables; I had a grilled chicken kebab and a full tapas menu of babaghanoush, tabouleh, stuffed grape leaves that I ate for three meals. Tonight I had to return, and I was met by two incredibly warm young men. I tried a salad bowl, with a great cucumber tomato base, lamb and beef, pickled turnips and a great hot sauce. Of course, I had to order more babaghanoush. I have two meals now. I had planned on dining out, but the food is so good and the people are so nice I couldn't resist.Really disappointing experience. My husband ordered a hummus bowl, and I ordered a chicken schwarma pita. We also ordered an extra side of hummus and pita.  The cook was nice enough and the cashier was very friendly as well. We took our order to go, and when we got home we discovered that the hummus had gone bad. It had a very sour fermented taste to it, like it had been sat out in the heat all day or not properly rotated dates. 
When I called the cashier said she was the manager/owner and I told her about the hummus and asked if I could get my money back. I said I couldn't make it back that day but should be able to stop in the next two days and she said I could come in and receive a refund. 
Well on Friday afternoon my husband went in and explained who he was and what we had ordered and they argued with him that it was not bad and refused to give him a full refund. Instead they gave him a new hummus and $6 back from the $24 that we spent. To be honest when he came back to the car I was pretty mad, but we were on our way to work and I didn't have time to go in to argue with them further. 
All in all disappointing food, (my sandwich was just ok) which I might have overlooked and given them a second chance if not for the lousy customer service afterward. 
To be honest with Dizengoff a few blocks away in Whole Foods I'll take my $25 there next time and get my hummus.I love Middle Eastern fast casual but this one is just ok. I have had the chicken schwarma bowl a few times and it's okay. You don't get a lot for what you pay for and it can take a awhile to get your food. I went one time and the guy was on his phone standing to another employee busting his butt on multiple orders. Weird.Really cute place. Easy to miss if your not looking. Tucked in the middle of a restaurant-dense area, it's worth paying attention to. Great pita, filled to the brim with beef shawarma and all the fixings. Enjoyed myself quite a bit.
Just a note about my reviews. A three-year review for a place like this means it's passable and even recommendable. That's about where I felt like I'd be with Maza Taza after eating there but upon further review, I couldn't identify any significant weaknesses. It shares the spotlight with Goldie and Dizengoff.This is a nice spot to get some good Mediterranean food if you are in the area.  The food is worth the travel as well.  I would recommend that you give them a try.Everything was absolutely amazing. I had the pita sandwich with the chicken kabob and my husband had the steak shawarma over salad. He had the Tahini sauce over his salad and I had the garlic sauce which I feel like they should sell in bottles. The customer service was absolutely amazing. I'm glad we found this gem not only the college kids get to enjoy it! I would definitely recommend this placeIt was my first time there and I am very disappointed. I ordered a hummus bowl with Kefta Kebab, and it cost me 8$. As you can see in the picture, there is not a lot, and I don't really think that it worth the money, even though the meat was good. The girl who was working there didn't asked me for any condiments or sauces, but I believe that it should be together as written in the menu ... If I knew how ridiculously small the bowl was, I would have saved my 8$ and spend it at any food truck in the area... I won't recommend this place.Until finding this place, I had been going to either Naf Naf or Noon (formerly Vert) which has had a significant drop in quality after the rebranding (coincidental? unsure) for my shawarma needs. After eating here twice, I'm fairly confident that this will continue to be my top choice. The flavors are just right, the portions are more than sufficient, and the service is excellent. Naf Naf will be a decent back up, but Maza Taza is A++. 
Try the Saj sandwich. Both meat options are fantastic, and the stuffed grape leaves are quite delicious.Sooooo, I'd finally made it here after watching it being fixed and established for months. The ordering process is along the lines of Q'doba & Chipotle (made-to-order). The first guy that I started my order with had a very heavy accent and he didn't seem to understand what some people were requesting, so there was a little bit of a language barrier. The younger guy who continued the order was very nice and pleasant and personable. The food was ok, I had salad (can't remember the name but it had asparagus and peas in it) and a side of falafel. The side veggies we're awesome. While I don't feel like the food was great, I would give it another try and I think I'd like to try some of the other items in the menu.Fantastic meal. Went on a Saturday evening kind of late so it wasn't busy. I had the chicken kabob on a bowl of rice. Everything was so fresh, including the chicken which they threw on the grill when I ordered it. I wish they delivered because it's not super close to my place and I would eat it all the time!Great price for great food. Service is always welcoming however it may be a bit rash during busy hours.Family owned business that embodies the complete essence of Syrian hospitality. Shawerma plate is among the best in the city. Kebab is tender. Hummus is always made fresh. If y'all want authentic Syrian food, look no furtherFlavorless steak. I had the pita sandwich and after the first 3 bites all the toppings were finished. I'm a big fan of middle eastern food and this place wasn't very satisfying.  Staff is friendly. Restaurant seems clean.Just got a chance to try this place and I'm very impressed! First off, it's clean, it's new, and the staff are very friendly and helpful when it comes to deciding what you want. I was lucky enough to come in for a group tasting so the staff made sure we had an awesome spread. Second, the ingredients are fresh and there's a huge selection. Third, the food is DELICIOUS! The falafel and the hummus are a must, and the pita sandwich is absolutely delicious (get EVERYTHING in it!). Definitely a great spot at an affordable price point- ideal for lunch or dinner. Highly recommend!Friendly staff and tasty food. The upstairs space is great for a large group of people. The baklava is amazing!!!We come to Philly  a lot for work and I'm kinda over the cheese steaks. This was a welcome surprise! Tucked away on an avenue of business fronts, my fellow yelpers helped us out with this pick! 
My BF had the steak kabob rice bowl. His steak was perfectly cooked and paired deliciously with the cilantro garlic sauce. 
I had a falafel pita sandwich, also very tasty and well seasoned. My only complaint was that I didn't have enough sauce! Mostly cause it tasted so delicious I had to ask for more!!! 
For the price, we had a great lunch!I got the Chicken Shwarma. The guy who prepared it for me (possibly the owner) had just returned from a cigarette break and, while he put on gloves, he did not wash his hands. Maybe I am being too picky but I did not like that. He thought someone elses order was mine initially and he was a little rude when I told him it was not mine.
Other than that the shwarma itself was pretty tasty. I prefer when they cut the meat fresh for you but they had the meat already cut in a dish. This takes away from the whole experience and flavor in my opinion. The pita was great and the pickled vegetables were tasty as well. 
I will probably return again but if it is a similar experience I probably wont be back for a third time.Horrible. They did a pop up lunch at my job and I couldn't even finish half of it. I got the salad bowl, the guy serving kept trying to sell us on how fresh the food is yet the lettuce looked 2 days old if not older. The veggies just didn't taste good and the beef was just  tough and not edible. The portions were small, they literally put maybe a teaspoon  of toppings on my bowl. The guy loaded my bowl with so much tahini sauce that I literally almost grabbed it out of his hand to stop him.I was very disappointed because I was starving and looking forward to trying the food. My coworker felt the same, her bowl was nothing to rave about either and she too thought it was loaded with too much sauce.She threw hers in the trash and I didn't finish it as well. I won't be trying them again. Not worth a second try.Finally got to stop in and got a Hummus Bowl with falafel with lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber. Was very tasty and falafels were fresh made to order. The pita was also warm and went well. Will be back for the lamb.Came here for lunch. I got the falafel rice bowl. Amazing! Falafels were freshly fried in front of us. Moist and fresh. Not dry at all! Their sauces are also really good. I chose the garlic cilantro. Yum! We also tried the grape leaves and they were delicious as well. Service was outstanding. I would definitely come back here. Great price for great food.This might be my new "go to" lunch spot!  I got the hummus bowl with falafel, tomatoes, cucumbers, and pickled onions with garlic and cilantro sauce. It's fast and the ingredients are fresh. Service is friendly and food is reasonably priced.  I will definitely be back to try other items on their menu.Just finished eating a great chicken kabob at Maza Taza. Very fresh and flavorful. The very attractive lady was friendly and gave me a sample of the just made lentil soup. I was going to get a cheesesteak next door but was very happy that I decided to give this place a try. Great food at a good price.We came starving here after our Sunday morning workouts. The place is small but they have additional seating upstairs. It's Chipotle style restaurant serving Mediterranean food. So you choose the food base, protein , toppings and sauce. The prices are very reasonable like $7-$9 and apps around $4.
We ordered chicken shawarma on SAJ and on pita bread and shared grape leaves app. Food was being prepared right in front of you. Saj bread was unique and never tasted anything like it. Very tasty. Overall, food taste was above average and portions were good. Grape leaves app was a lil more oily than usual. You get 6 pieces for $4. 
What I didn't like was that they charge $2 for water. Not cool.
Overall, I recommend this place if you are around Spring Garden area. Fair warning, street parking can be a challenge.I got the chicken salad with Israeli salad, onions, hot sauce, and the garlic cilantro sauce. I way hype to see all of the 5 star ratings and am so disappointed. 
I am obsessed with naf naf grill and I really thought this would be just as good. It's not. The quality seems suspect, the lettuce is browning, the chicken is quite chewy and I bit into a bone while I was eating. 
Maybe I need to give it another go and try something else, but I went just as the doors were opening bc my lunch break is so early, and was shocked at the lack of freshness in the ingredients. 
$9 later. Can't say it's worth it. Halal truck across the street might be a better option (and $4 cheaper).‍Easily the best falafel and shawarma I've had outside of the Arab quarter in Jerusalem. Put french fries in your pita for an extra tasty treat!Absolutely excellent.  Delicious and Very Reasonably priced!  On my favorite restaurants in Philly list!Over priced. Didn't try their shawerma. But overall they should improve their customer service and maybe the meat quality is not the best.Excellent fast casual Middle Eastern food on Spring Garden St. For about $10, you get a very generous portion (I always have leftovers) of freshly fried falafel, chicken shawarma, or other proteins, over salad or basmati rice. For a bit cheaper, you can get it in on pita or saj bread. They have a good selection of toppings and sauces too.
The food is flavorful and fresh. Highly recommend for a quick bite.It was tasty. I got the kefta kebab and it was grilled then and there for me. I got it with the rice and had the onions and tomato cucumber side. I thought the portion size was perfect for me but I could understand if it could not fill up someone a little bigger than me. The employees were friendly and even offered me a sample of the grape leaf appetizer. They also have a little sit in area :)Stopped by today for the first time and will definitely be returning! Very friendly staff who offered suggestions, and you can see the food being freshly made in front of you. Excited to have a new go-to spot on Spring Garden!My husband and I just stopped here for takeout and we were extremely pleased! The staff was friendly and helpful, and the food was fantastic - I had a falafel rice bowl, and he had a chicken kebab rice bowl, each was flavorful and very filling. We'll definitely return!Just went to Maza Taza, the new Mediterranean resturant on Spring Garden St. Loved it! The price is cheap, food taste great, and people working there are super nice as well! :DThis place is the bomb. They scoop and fry the falafel to order and it's delicious. Chicken and beef shwarma is also worth trying. The grape leaves are fab, get a little tahini drizzled over top. To cap off the excellent, casual food, the owner is a delight. He's very friendly and charming, like someone's fun uncle, giving you a little falafel or a dolmades to munch on while he prepares your food. He'll also suggest toppings for you sandwich if you're new to the pita game (get everything). I feel good giving this place my business and I look forward to my next sandwich!Awesome,  fresh,  on point. Falafel was made right in front on of me. Great prices,  great value. So glad it's in my neighborhood !Classic Shwarma! Service was fast counter style. The meat was tender and flavorful. I cant wait to go back. The only thing that would have improved the experience was labels on the different sauces so its easier to order.Five out of five. No question about it. I ordered the beef kebab in saj bread and if everything on the menu is as great as that was then this place will be around for a long time. The food is fresh, the staff is kind and welcoming, the kitchen and dining areas are clean, and the atmosphere is comforting. I will be back over and over again. 
P.S. don't forget to add the maza taza sauce!Amazing! Philly has seen a lot of fast-casual, build-your-own Middle Eastern restaurants popping up across the city, but none of them compare in quality, taste or authenticity to Maza Taza.  You can tell from the great service and quality that this is a family-owned, closely managed place. The owner is very nice and greeted everyone who came in the store. The employee who prepared my rice bowls was sharp, fast and very personable. The bread is baked fresh in a decorative oven, which is the first thing you see when you walk into this new, clean and stylish place. Next to the oven are meat spits where delicious slabs of chicken and lamb are roasting.  If you order falafel, they ball them up and fry them fresh in front of you! You can taste the difference in quality. Most of the other places in the city, like Vert's and Naf Naf, have their meats and falafel in a pan on the dreadful warming table, and they get dry and lifeless.  Not this place! The falafel I ordered in my rice bowl could not have been fresher! It was also one of tastiest falafels I have had in the city. 
The basmati rice was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The veggies were very fresh. The tahini sauce and hot sauce were so delicious. The hummus had a great texture and flavor. The sumac onions made the rice bowl that much more superior.  The pita bread was thicker than a typical pita, but was so soft and tasty. 
I ordered a side of vegetarian grape leaves, and they were delicious. I threw two grape leaves into my falafel rice bowl (because why not?!) and it worked brilliantly.  After experiencing mediocrity at most of these fast-casual Middle Eastern places, it was refreshing and inspiring to find one in Philly that offers a supreme meal for a good price. For two well-portioned rice bowls, a pita bread and side of grape leaves, my bill was $19.00. That is a very good price. And me and my fiancé were very full and very satisfied. I highly recommend this place for lunch, dinner, sit-in or takeout. I also think they deliver. You will enjoy your meal!If you haven't been here, you're missing out. First time I came here, I ordered a steak shawarma. That ended up with me buying another immediately after devouring the first one. You want a taste of the Mediterranean, come here!!So far I have eaten here 4 times and have been extremely satisfied with my food. The service is fast and the place is clean. 
I hope to update this soon, but have been so happy with this place I just wanted to get a review posted.I had a chicken pita and grape leaves. Both were amazing although I wish I had spicier hot sauce. They were so friendly there and I would definitely go back!! It's very affordableWe are visiting from California and walked the neighborhood around our Airbnb and found Maza Taza. We were greeted by a very nice gentleman (sorry didn't get your name!) and he took amazing care of us. We had the shawarma, falafel, pita, and hummus. All delicious and very well seasoned. The falafel honestly was the best I've ever had. Light, fluffy and crispy. The best thing about this restaurant is definitely the staff. The customer service was AMAZING and that's coming from someone that has spent his entire life in hospitality. We will definitely be dining here again before we leave.It would be nice if they were actually ever opened!!! I tried going there on multiple occasions and they are always closed. They also close before the posted hours of business and at 2:00 pm on a Sunday.Good place for good shawerma! They don't have much variation thou! It's tasty and clean and the staff are friendlyThis place is awesome. Incredible delicious kabobs and shawarma. Falafel is on point. It's the best middle eastern food I've had in Philly. Service was great and prices are totally fair. Great new addition to the area. I'll be back!There is nothing Taza about this place !! No freshness whatsoever, I'd rather eat sweaty old socks then another bite of their old rice cooked weeks ago!! Nasty meat and smelly veggies old rotten! I am never going back and shame on you for calling yourself fresh kings !!A wonderful addition to an area that sorely needs more food options. Went for lunch on a day Green Soul was closed for an event and it was wonderful. The food was tasty and healthy. The environment was modern and clean. There was a good sized lunch crowd. The format reminds me of Chipotle where you build your own meals but the food was much better. I heartily encourage a visit.ALRIGHT SO..this place is fire!
My two friends and I ordered delivery last night, and we unanimously agree that we will be ordering from here again.
First off, the delivery packaging is even a level above your typical plasticware. The food was delivered in a substantial plastic bag that encourages you to reuse it..A thoughtful touch.
Then there was the food...We ordered a falafel sandwich, the falafel and rice platter, a side of falafel, 3 sides of hummus, and a side of the veggie kebab. Overall with delivery it cost around $40. Pretty good!
The portion sizes are large, none of us could finish our orders but we all saved them for today.
Everything was flavorful, fresh, well cooked and the spices on this food are 100% authentic mediterranean tastiness. 
I highly recommend this place for a night in to #treatyoself, or if you're in the area to swing by. It will be worth it.One of the cool places you can visit in Philly to try Mediterranean food and have a fun time, love how the wall designs that represent the 3 big teams in the city, the eagles , Phillies and 76'ers, also a beautiful Rocky  drawing, and the people who with there are so nice and amazing and the smile never leave their face, the food can be better though i only tried one item so i can't decide yet, although I'll definitely comeback to get something else.Update: got delivery from here on UberEATS the other day. It was great! Food came super quick (25 min after I placed my order) and was hot and delicious! Can't say enough good things about this place. Eat in, take out, or get delivery - You won't be disappointed!Authentic Syrian recipes made in Philly!
I'm from California but I'd eat here all the time if I lived remotely close.
Delicious food, clean and spacious sitting area, and friendly service! Also, they serve made-to-order falafels. Fantastic!If I could give this place 10 stars I would! Reasons:
1. The server was one of the most generous severs I have ever been served by. It was a 10 star treatment - warm, welcoming, and cared to prepare fresh hot kebabs for us.
2. I got a Chicken kebab on hummus bowl. It was on point!
Loved the place! Will come back whenever I am around the area.I love this place! I stopped in for the first time a few weeks ago and the two men working (one who I assume is the owner) were so helpful & welcoming. I get the rice bowl with falafel & hummus and it's some of the best falafel I've had in the city! Any time I've been there at a busy time the workers have given people waiting tastes of falafel/fries/etc. basically just to thank them for being there. Great energy & great place!Went here for the first time with colleagues instead of the pizza place on the corner (which is also great).  I had a fabulous Hummus Bowl with Chicken Shawarma which I enjoyed and all of my colleagues enjoyed theirs as well.Ordered via Grubhub. Food is tasty, but damn...no hummus or sauces on falafel and shawarma sandwiches? Dry.as.a.bone. I suppose when you order at the restaurant you can specify what you want, so that would help.I never write reviews for restaurants but this one was worth writing about. While it wasn't the best shawarma I've ever had, it was certainly the most authentic I've found in Philadelphia. The staff were very helpful. The food was fresh and tasty. The falafel was still on the fryer (which is harder to find than you'd think) so it came out nice and crisp. The hummos was delicious as was the garlic sauce. I just stumbled upon this place and did not have high expectations, but I will certainly be returning often.Delivery was fast via Uber eats- but So disappointed with the food. The rice bowl and chicken was flavorless. The hummus was oily and came with NO BREAD. We ordered cheese dessert but got baklava instead- my husband's sandwich was eh... i'm glad other people got great food but did not cut it for us.So cheap! But so good! Exactly what you would want from a fast-casual type of place. I got a salad bowl with falafel and my boyfriend got a rice bowl. The falafel was great and so was the hummus. We also got the baklava which was fantastic! Highly, highly recommend this place to everyone.I visited the restaurant with a friend of mine! I am of Arab decent and I know middle eastern food. This place was amazing! Pitas and wraps are baked in house! Salads hummus baba ganooj were all fresh and great tasting. The shawarma was cut fresh and my favorite the kabobs were awesome I also had the lentil soup! I really enjoyed my self! The decor was done up real nice. Bathrooms were very clean. This is my first post on yelp! I did take a pic of my dinner that I will post! I loved it so much I can't wait to go back!Such a treat and welcomed new neighbor. The quality of everything down to the condiments is superb. They run a fantastic business and are extremely friendly. Will absolutely be back many many times!This place is near my work so I go here sometimes. The past few times I've ordered on Grub Hub my order hasn't shown up on there end. Food is good not amazing. The workers are hard to understand sometimes so you have to be patient.The most delicious middle eastern food, so yummy and fresh, beef kabob is well done and test so yummy.. and fresh testy salad.. thank you Mazda TazaMy first time here and was really impressed by the friendliness of the staff and the quality of the food. U shared the chicken shawarma which was delicious and had it over the hummus. We ordered a side of pita and the person that was working there was kind enough to give us two grape leaves. It was a pleasant experience and we will definitely keep this in mind for the future.Delicious food...ordered a few different things to try: 2 types of chicken, hummus, cucumber salad and even fries and some desert: everything was fresh and tasty, good portions...and ohhh the sauces were sooooo flavorful. 
This was a delivery order and even the plates were nice enough to eat from...not your typical plastic....
On top of it, I received a call after placing the order that one of the items was sold out, was offered a replacement, amazing service.
This place just opened and everything was almost 100% perfect....I only have one suggestion regarding the fries:  they would have been crispier and tastier if they were double fried and delivered in a container with some openings to let the steam out and prevent sagging.
but seeing how great everything else was I'm sure the fries will be amazing next time I order :)Long story short, save your money for the halal cart across the street.  
I came in expecting fast/casual place a la Chipotle but for Mediterranean.  Service was atrocious as only two employees were on hand, only one of which spoke English and was able to take orders.  The other one shied away from customers and wandered about aimlessly without even trying to be of help to the other and it took 10 minutes for them to complete the one order in front of me.  I ordered a chicken shawarma sandwich and falafels.  They did not have any falafels in the fryer or even prepared.   Food was meh, the falafels were the only redeeming part of this experience, but not enough to convince me to try this place again.AMAZING CHICKEN SHAWERMA. Juicy, seasoned, just right! They are flexible and will let you get combo bowls, and to get multiple servings of toppings.
Be sure to go to the second floor! Very cute place to sit.
They also gave us basbousa and falafel on the house along with everyone else who was sitting there! So nice!Amazing. From the superb hummus to the cloud-like puff of their pita. Reluctant to share this restaurants amazingness, because I don't want to have to wait to stuff my face with the best baklava this side of the prime meridian.I can't begin to describe how delicious the food is at maza taza. I have tried the beef shawarma and I couldn't believe how authentic it is. I Couldn't just have one had to go for another. The chicken shish-kabob is to outstanding at this place it extremely tender and juicy. The staff are very helpful and nice with big smiles on there faces as you walk in, even the owner of the place was there to great us and he even made my beef sandwich him self. Have to say this the best Mediterranean place around give it a try. This place is an instant addiction.Love this Mediterranean spot. I usually get a wrap which is perfect everytime and load it up with the topings. Their fries is also really good and they are generous with their portions.So good! I went there bc I was too lazy to cook but really wanted something healthyish. The falafel is phenomenal! And the grape leaves were AMAZING!love love this place!
they don't skimp out on the meat, hummus or anything! all meats are so good and the veggies are super fresh.
their hummus and pita is one of the best i've ever had. definitely recommend to those trying to be healthy, i always get their meats and salad during my keto dietsI am from the Middle East and this is absolutely amazing! The spices and way the chicken and meat is marinated is spectacular. The staff are so polite and understanding to any allergies/special orders I have. The worst time is when I have to leave, definitely a place I expect to eat from daily!This place should actually have more stars for the food, value, service and proximity to me. (I just can't get behind the bibim-burrito concept of serving everything.) I'll definitely be back for the hummus, baba, and pita.