I hate to do this. I really do. But I can't sweep my last experiences under the rug, and chalk it up to "bad day". Last week, my husband and I drove by and he asked if I wanted to go in for dinner, and for the first time ever,  I said no.
One busy Saturday afternoon, my husband and I were absolutely starving, and all that could satisfy my hunger was a burger. Off to MT we went! We walked in and were pushed out of the dining room back into the bar by a surly man who told us to wait for a table. Ok, no problem, we can handle that, we just weren't sure where to go, since no one made an attempt to help us with a table, and we know you can't seat yourself. We have been here before, we know the drill. So we waited, and then were sat, and our waitress comes over about 10 minutes later, we knew everything we wanted: 2 beers, fried greenbeans app (we were curious about this one, since we haven't tried it before), a burger for me (ordered medium rare), and my husband got the port richmond platter. Our greenbeans never arrived, but our meals did. I was really disappointed that she forgot the beans, I really wanted to try them. But I brushed it off and moved on. We actually didn't bother to mention it to her, we didn't want her to feel bad. We decided to wait for the bill, and if it was on there, we would just ask her to take it off. Anyways, since I cannot stand a well done burger, I always check before taking a bite to make sure it is cooked properly. I cut into the burger and it was so well done that the meat was crumbling out of the bun. I called the waitress over and showed it to her and asked for another one. She agreed that it was well done, and said she would bring me a new one. 20 minutes later, my husband is finished his meal, our beers have been empty and at the edge of the table in hopes to be re-filled, and I still have no burger. The waitress comes over and asks "how is everything over here?" and I just looked back and said "still waiting". It took her a second, but she realized and ran back to the kitchen, but didn't return with food for another 5 minutes or so. My burger finally came out, and it was less cooked this time, still not med-rare, but edible as it was. So I decided to eat it. We didn't feel like doing another beer at this point so I asked for a water, and my husband got a soda. Now, when i was a bartender, a general rule of thumb was that when someone had been drinking beers, then ordered a soda, it was on the house. But the soda still ended up on the bill, along with the burger, but the greenbeans were absent. She came back over to pick up the bill and said "oh, i don't know why i put that soda on there, i will take that off" (we didn't promt her, she offered that up willingly). But still, shouldn't the burger have come off to? But alas, this had not been the first time my food was cooked improperly at MT, and it will not be the last.
In addition to this experience, my husband frequents this bar after work and on one occasion he came in and ordered the hanger steak medium. It came out rare. Long story short, he had to send it back twice, and it kept coming back rare. He finally told the bartender to just take that steak back and throw it on the grill, don't cook a new one. But they just couldn't get it right.
I really hate to see a good place go bad. But I feel like each time i go back, it gets worse. MT really needs to update their menu a little too, not a lot on her thrills me anymore and there are never any changes or specials. Also, why is there never any PBC beers on tap? The brewery is one minute away, why can't they have it on tap? I am looking forward to the hot dog cart this summer, though. Gourmet hot dogs and good beers. I will still frequent MT for this, but dinner in the dining room is going to be out for a little while.Memphis Taproom has delicious beer offerings, tasty food (the best wings in the city, hands down!), a comfortable neighborhood-friendly atmosphere, two of my favorite bartenders around (Jess and Julianna--those ladies are the shit!), and a sweet location (three blocks from my house which makes it easier to stumble home after consuming too many beverages).
This is the kind of place in which I can spend all day, 11AM to 8PM (or later!), from Bloody Marias (hey, I like tequila) and eggs at brunch to wings, steak and beer at dinner. Oh, wait! I've done that.
Seriously, the MT rules.Smoked coconut club.  Hands down one of the best things I've ever had. Highly recommend this spot to any vegans or vegetarians. Incredible beer selection as well and the service is always on point.We LOVE Memphis Taproom and can't say enough good things about it. It's our go to spot, and for good reason! They have an amazing beer selection along with the best Bloody Mary I've ever had. Their menu is wonderful and caters to all needs. I'm vegan, and it's a great place to go with my non vegan friends and family! Everyone is always happy. Their coconut club is to die for... I should keep track of how many times I've ordered it, but I'm thinking it's up around 20+ now. :)Consider this the six-day review..... for being open less than a week, Memphis Tap Room hit everything just the way the beerflies like it.  
The place was mad busy, Flyers on the TV in the bar keeping everyone riled up and yelling... we snagged the last table in the smallish dining room for four of us.  
All drafts are $4, which is a great deal.  I got a Poperings Hommelbier, a very hoppy Belgian, in the correct tulip-shaped glass.   Our server also recommended Cooper's Sparkling Ale, from Australia, which was super light but very flavorful.  
The food selection was great, we couldn't decide what to get so we got everything!   Wings- superlative; Port Richmond platter of kielbasa, pierogies and potato pancakes- delish, goat cheese salad with smoked walnuts- pretty good, but the smoked walnuts are weeeird.  Kind of like eating a tiny charcoal briquette.
Service was good even though they were slammed.  Definitely will return here to eat many times.   Good work dudes.This review is long overdue! I went here on Valentine's Day 2 years ago to have brunch with a friend. It was great! A woman who is normally a waitress was filling in for the bartender and she was wonderful! She kept us laughing the whole time and she was very personable. She was generous with the amount of alcohol going into a Vodka and Cranberry. The waiter who brought the food out to the bar was very polite. The food was excellent! The deep fried pickles are amazing! They have a lot of unique things on the menu. While this place might be located in New Kensington it is very classy without being too stuffy. The prices are reasonable. There is a very mixed crowed and the beer selection is amazing. I was very impressed at how well it is run, especially on a crowded Sunday holiday. We were never rushed to leave and the wait staff/bartenders seem to want you to come back. I felt extremely welcome here and want to compliment the owner and staff greatly! This is the nicest River Ward Bar/Restaurant in the area.Came here to try a vegetarian friendly restaurant for me with my meat-eater boyfriend. I ordered the tofu club and he got the chicken sandwich. The tofu club was divine and the fries were equally as satisfying. I've never had a vegetarian sandwich that tasted so good! My boyfriend also enjoyed his chicken sandwich. It's hard to find a place where we can both get something we both really like, so I was really pleased. We will definitely be returning.The Memphis Taproom is definitely a find for any beer lover. The first beer I had, was a Tired Hands + Memphis Taproom Collaboration Conciousness Streams IPA. This was a delicious blend of a fragrant, floral Saison with a just wonderful hit of hops at the end. Not overly hoppy or bitter as IPAs can be. It was a GREAT beer. The second beer, the St. Benjamin Liaison Saison, was a local brew that was a bit darker than a typical Saison, and not quite as flavorful, but still solid. The place is tiny, but attractive. Unfortunately, the outdoor beer garden was closed as it was a Wednesday night. For food, I had the Spaghetti Sandwich, a unique combo of Lentil Meatballs and Spaghetti on a nicely toasted grinder roll. I'd recommend it. The fries were also excellent, crispy and tasty. A slight drawback, if only for the inconvenience, is that parking was really difficult, as the bar is nestled among narrow streets with cars jammed tightly next to one another on the streets. Don't let that stop you from making it out to the Memphis Taproom, however, especially if you're a beer lover, like myself. Enjoy!I finally got down here as part of the English Premier League Season 2008 kick-off weekend promotion. This review is long overdue seeing as I requested The Alstrom Bros. add them to BeerAdvocate.com
The place is easy to get to from Exit 25 off I-95. It is in Kensington but straddles the border with Fishtown. Don't let the fact it is in Kenso keep you away. This side of Kenso never was that bad and if you want proof that the place is on the ascent...just look at the rent/mortgages on Realtor.com for the 19125 zip code. The website has directions and maps. Speaking of websites, it is a very detailed site. Whoever runs it does a great job because it is visually pleasing and it is just organized. The drafts and bottles are listed. 
The place has 11 taps including 1 handpump that featured Hop Wallop. The Bottle list is on the rightside of the bar; the Draft is to the left. Of course it has a full bar and a solid wine list. no its not Tria but it is beats out the likes of Monk's. Some of the drafts were: Walt Wit, Original Sin Cider, London's Pride, SN Anniversary Ale(but Southern Hemi was just behind it),Sly Fox Pikeland Pils, Ommegang Rare Vos, Stone Smoked Porter, Green Flash Hop Head Red Ale and Sly Fox Saison. Bottles were around 50 - 60 strong..running the gamet from Lionshead Light to Aecht Schlenkerla Rauchbier Marzen (smells like smoked bacon!). The only stinkers for the nonadventurous would be the High Life and Amstel Light. Drafts were all $4.
The service from Jessica was outstanding. Every thing I want out of a server. You can't miss her. She is a ginger and has many tattoos on her arms. Very attentive and knows her beers. She inspected each glass before using them. I mean she was holding them up to the light to ensure they didn't have a speck of hardwater stain! Plus she picked only good music off the bar's iPod. I never had to wait for her to ask me if I wanted another drink. She found time to chat. She even poured me an ounce of the aforementioned Rachbier from the wee bit that was lingering in an opened bottle. I think she knew the other punter rather well so it wasn't like she was just stiffing him on the last ounce.
The cost was descent. I got thre at 11:00 AM and didn't leave until 2:30. My Girlfriend and I ate and drank our faces off and the bill only came to $69.55! That's less than $20 an hour for pure utopia ($19.87 to be exact). Too bad my Manchester City (not UNITED!!!) club blew the match or else it would have been a perfect day.
Ohand the brunch menu rocked. It doesn't hurt to have a genuine Chef in your kitchen. What other Philly bar do you know that features Polish & Welsh cooking? My beef & onion pasties were great. Nothing frozen here folks. That pastry crust was light and flakey. My Girlfriend's eggs and hash were very good according to her....I have never eaten corned beef hash in my life. The coffee was solid and kept in a carafe as not to render the product ass-like from the heat and oxygen. Hey it was Sudnay at 11 AM and I needed to counter the beer. LOL. Shit even the water must have been filtered because I know Philly tap water's fine aroma all too well. Hey the little things do matter. Oh and the wings were done wel. The oil was peanut and it didn't taste like it was old oil. Plus the scallions were a nice addition as was the real blue cheese that seemed to have an added ingredient (Old bay?)...not sure but it was great. they were not greasy nor were they dripping in a hot sauce. Nice and crisp. Oh and I forgot the wasabi mayo that was under my Pasties was banging!
All I know is that Brendan is busting his ass to make this place awesome!!! That neighborhood deserve something this excellent. Kudos to Fishtown native Ken Correll and Nodding Head's Paula Decker for there $$$ in getting this place off to a great start. I have never seen a place get it so right out of the gate.
****BONUS:  there was no PBR to be found on the menu.  Thank God!****Great service, food is "okay".  I don't think I will return but great esthetics and friendly atmosphereSO MANY VEGAN OPTIONS! The spaghetti sandwich? HOLY best thing ever invented. Seriously. I could eat that every day. I'd be like 200 pounds, but whatever. Minus one star because of the location. Driving from Center City to here is kind of a drag, but definitely worth it for the menu. If this place was closer to me, I'd eat here way more often.I love this restaurant. When I used to live around the corner I would venture in there weekly. I miss the neighborhood strictly because I don't have the time to eat at Memphis tap as frequently now. I've always been more than pleased with the service as well as the food. They have a constantly rotating draft list, rather small but the beers they choose compliment their dishes very well. Even though they were graced with national recognition from the Food Network, I think this restaurant is one of Philadelphia's best kept secrets. If someone asks you where you wanna go for food, just go here. Every time. All the time. You guys at Memphis do a great job!OK the fish is back and is very good, thanks for listening. They also have a nice outside area under the big tent.  I like that they are open for lunch and the food here is good. I recommend this place, enjoy.I can't wait to go back!  I've been to local 44 and resurrection, but I finally made it out to the original and I loved it.  There were so many creative vegan options on the menu it was difficult to decide.  That's such a rare feeling for us veggies!  I got the coconut crusted tofu club and really enjoyed it.  The fries were great too, cooked just right.  My husband got the bbq seitan w/coleslaw sandwich and really enjoyed his too.  Of course it's nothing fancy, just bar food, but it's not too greasy like I found was always the case at local 44.  They have a unique veggie burger (quinoa and white bean) and a jackfruit cake (I don't think I've ever seen jackfruit on a menu anywhere) that I definitely want to give a try next time.  Now if only I can find someone to drive me here again because it's sooo far from west philly....
I should also mention we were a group of 10 and came in unannounced on a Friday night and they sat us right away and everything came out quickly and deliciously.  I thought the service was just right for the atmosphere.   And the beer drinkers in our group enjoyed their beers and I was happy that my glass of wine was only 5 bucks.  If I go again with the same experience it will definitely be 5 stars.Dark dark brown old oil fried fish and chips-Twice!! 
My time before last at Memphis Taproom I ordered fish and chips and the order came dark brown, like chocolate brown. I truly had never seen fried food so dark. I asked with the waitress before eating, "excuse me, is it supposed to look like this??" she said "oh yes, and I promise it is great". I look one bite and spit it out--it was old old dark oil fried fish. I sent it back and what I got back was beautiful light caramel beige brown delicious fish and chips. Two nights ago I got chili cheese fries to go (I know, I don't  usually order things like this I swear!!). Got home and it was the same thing with the fried, horrible, hard, dark brown fries. Could not eat them without risk of serious stomach issues. 
Memphis Taproom--Please change your oil!!!!!! Sincerely-MaryAnd the best fried pickles in the city goes to Memphis Taproom. Gone are the days of over-breaded pickle discs. Memphis Tap does it full spear style with a delicious batter. I could eat these every day and never get sick of them. 
I've been to Memphis Tap almost 10 times since moving to the neighborhood, and I've never had a bad dish. Besides the fried pickles, some of my favorite things on the menu include the slow roast pork sandwich (the sharp provolone really makes it), the keilbasy grinder, and the smoked coconut club is one of the best vegan sandwiches I've ever tried. 
While the inside of Memphis Taproom is super cozy and enjoyable, I am excited for warm weather to enjoy the outside area as well!!Had a great time tonight at Memphis. Got a couple jacks cider ales and chicken fried chicken. Food was amazing might have to make this a once a month thing. Server was nice and fairly speedy. My meal came with mac n cheese, cornbread, and spinach. Fried chicken with red mustard sauce was bangin. I would def recommend this spot. Good atmosphere not too loud or crazy. Just a chill spot for great food ill be back for sure.After my third visit to Memphis Taproom, I am officially hooked.
This is a quaint little place. I love that it's not too big and not too bright. It's almost like a cool little dive bar that only locals know about, only better. There is a nice bar in the front and tables in the back for lunch/dinner. It looks really small, but I've never had any problems getting a table right away here- the last time I was with a party of 7 and we were seated right away, at 9 o'clock on a Friday!
My favorite part of MTR is the staff. They are so knowledgeable about the beer list and are always eager to make recommendations based on your tastes. I've had some of the best beers of my life just by letting our server pick my beer for me. They have great beers on tap, but I prefer to go for some of the more obscure imported bottles they have.
Now, the food. OMG THE FOOD. First of all, I am obsessed with their wings. I fancy myself something of an authority on wings, and I'll tell you that these are some of the best. They're pilsner-brined, so they come out extra plump and juicy. They're always perfectly cooked and the sauce is really good too. I could stand it to be a little hotter, but now I'm just nit-picking. 
I've also gotten the smoked coconut club all three visits. Listen. I know what you're thinking. I can tell you, as an avid meat eater, I too was afraid to try a tofu and smoked coconut sandwich, but I am SO glad I did. The flavor is wonderful and the sandwich is filling enough without making me feel like I need a nap. Also, since I have had it three times now, I can confirm that it is as consistent as hell. I have also had a few bites of the roast pork sandwich and the Port Richmond platter- both fantastic. The table also went crazy for the beer-battered dill pickles that a friend ordered and while I didn't taste them myself, they definitely looked delicious.
I really love this place. I can't wait till the weather warms up and I can check out the attached beer garden, but I promise I will try something different to eat next time...maybe...I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place! All I need to say if fried pickles. The best damn fried pickles on the East Coast. In the last few months (since I've last paid a visit) they've somehow gotten better with even thicker beer batter - almost like corn -dog coating but deep fat fried. Everything else is top notch, the beer list is killer, the space is adorable, and the staff is lovely. What else to say? If I lived any closer, I'd be 10 pounds heavier.Never mind... The garden is closed.... So we walk in, bartender sees us sit down at bar - ignores us, goes to her friends table and plays on her phone for a minute...... the bar top was all sticky..... So, as I'm looking at her looking at photos as we sit at the bar, she still does not excuse herself to greet us and ofer to serve us (James) a beer..... So, we get up start to walk to door, she is still on the phone.... As I walk past her I say " how rude " twice & look at her..... She finally looks up as I'm saying pretty loud "you are soooo rude!" I will NEVER GO BACK TO THIS PLACE. Fuck rude employees!!!!!Just a follow up, I've been back to the bar recently and noticed the tap list has been revamped.  An Italian Saison, a micro brew cider on cask, DFH Red & White, lots of interesting, unique choices again.I used to love it here, but haven't been in FOREVER since we started a family and they don't like kids... such a bummer... If you're a free-wheelin' hipster, it's perfect for you: plaid shirts, winter hats in the summer, and beards as far as the eye can see!
The food is good though. Great for vegetarians, which was always a huge plus for us. But if you have a child under the age of 5, there are plenty of other similar places in the area that will accommodate you.I love this place!  It has, in my opinion, as good of a staff assembled under one roof as anyone could hope for.  They're knowledgeable about their product, friendly, funny and cool!  
Great food and great beer, too.Once you find your way to Memphis Tap Room, you're golden. Because the variety of beer that they have as well as the extensive menu of lunchtime faves (BBQ, anyone?) will leave you satisfied and wanting more. Actually, you'll be panting for more, which is a good thing, because you should keep coming back here. Again, and again and again. 
Memphis Tap Room is just that good.
This is a great addition to a neighborhood that I keep finding myself in all the time, which says a lot, being that I live outside the city and all.
PS. Get the Ommegang. Lovers of a light beer that packs a mighty wallop will not be disappointed.Their beer selection is spot on.  Glad I could get my favorite sour beer.  Vegan food is a plus. Their outdoor seating is super cute with the lights hanging.  I wish you could utilize the space all year round but unfortunately Philly gets cold as hell in the winter.Honestly fuck this place. Their menu used to be good and rotating but now it's only the same old greasy sht. Really greasy, and salty. I get that's a standard bar food but this place makes me feel sick with grease. The chickpea burger is like a fried salt bomb, my salad of wilted mixed greens had what seemed to be a sprinkle of pickle juice on it and was mostly raw, wilted mixed greens. I hate going here and only go because my vegan boyfriend needs somewhere to take his parents, I would not choose this of my own volition. Excuse me while I grease-burb myself to sleep.Brendan the owner was an incredibly welcoming host for us Australians passing through for work who randomly stumbled on this great bar.  He gave us a very knowledgable breakdown of the local beer and food scene and gave us tastes of the better local beers from the Philadelphia area. 
A smart, great dude running an awesome bar! 
If you go to one bar in Philly come here!Love this place. My girlfriend and I named our dog Memphis, so we had to check this place out. We visited over a year ago, but I felt compelled to write a review because the chicken fried chicken still sticks in my memory. Having occasional cravings to get back there again. The habanero sauce mixed with the Mac n cheese is heavenly. Also love the fried pickles. I really need to get back here again. And soon.Went to the opening of the beer garden this Saturday. It's a small area on the side of the building but it could still accomodate a lot of people. The food truck was great! There was a consistent line while I was there but it moved quickly and the food was prepared fast. The truck served hotdogs, fried pickles, and canned beer. But these were not your typical backyard hotdogs. There were about 10 different "gormet" combinations to choose from. I ordered the Mackinac, which had chili, cheese, onions, and macaroni salad. It was delicious but probably one of the safer options. I also got to taste the California Uber Alles, which was a california roll-type hotdog (if you could even imagine that). It had ginger, avacado, cucumber, soy sauce, and wasabi mustard. Tasted even better than the real thing! We shared the fried pickles too, which came out in a huge portion. When I've orded these before they are usually pretty spicey. These were very mild, which I enjoyed because I don't like spicey foods. The atmosphere was great and the crowd was very friendly. The seating area has a bunch of long wooded tables and benches, so you get to chat with everyone around you. Would definitly come back if I were in the area.I ate at Memphis Taproom for the second time last night. I went with the smoked coconut club and it really, really bugged me out. The smoked coconut is not what I imagined it would be. Instead, it is an exact, vegan replication of bacon. It tasted like bacon. After my first bite I was all nervous and started picking at my sandwich and I had Mike try some and he said it was definitely bacon. I was ready to make peace with the fact that I had consumed a whole bite of bacon. So we hailed down our server and there was a bit of confusion and I was like "uhhh" and Mike stepped in and asked what was on the sandwich and she was very cavalier and understanding, "yup, tastes just like bacon." It tasted like bacon and felt like bacon in my mouth and I'm still nervous that it was actually bacon, but a recently conducted Google search confirmed that it was definitely not bacon but an amazing substitute. So weird, so delicious. Almost too delicious.
We also had the fried pickles which were, much to my surprise, fried whole kosher dill quarters, not the usual fried pickle chips. I burnt my had on some scalding hot pickle juice, but for this, I blame myself. The horseradish dip that came with was a perfect match, as well. 
Totally freaked out by the smoked coconut still. Try it, it will rock your world.I'm not a vegan and was a little apprehensive about the Coconut Club, but I was told I should try it.  It didn't disappoint. The fake bacon is delicious and tasted just like the real thing.  The bread is hearty and all the fillings were fresh and perfect.  It was a tad dry, but then they brought out Crystal hot sauce, which is Louisiana style and very heavy on the vinegar, and was the perfect addition to my sandwich.  I also love anywhere that gives you malt vinegar to put on your fries.  It was a very satisfying meal and a big portion, so I brought half home with me and enjoyed it for lunch the next day. 
The service was excellent. They were all very friendly, my water was never empty, and one of the waiters even explained to me how they make the fake bacon. Prices were very reasonable.  
I hope I'll come back to sit outside in the beer garden, which I totally forgot to do when I was there.  Great place!Awesome cosy, good looking bar run by very cool guys.
A beer menu that's not overwhelming is a godsend in this craft beer heavy country.. Yet the beers these guys have got are curated and they nail it. Brendan took one look at us (with some pro eavesdropping to determine our Aussie accents ;) and knew what we'd want to drink.
And the food was awesome. Go there.BEST BURGERS!  One day hanging out at the Philadelphia Brewing Company some friends and I were looking for a place to eat after we toured the brewery.  Had this place recommended and have been back many times since!  Deep fried pickles, onion rings and the port richmond platter.... MMMM soo good! My room mate is a vegetarian and the menu had plenty of options for him. 
Overall good beer, good food, good times.I've been to MT about 2 dozen times. I have never had bad food, drink or service. I have had brunch, dinner, vegan menu and dessert, every time it was perfect. I've been here during beer week and the staff is always welcoming and grateful. I wish other businesses modeled their approach after Memphis Taproom's. Good food, good drinks, good people. Their menus are expansive yet simple and their beer list never disappoints. Keep up the awesomeness Memphis Taproom. You will always be a top my list. Thank youSmall barroom, with bar seating and a small table, and a dining room in back. Looks like it has been a neighborhood bar for generations. If I said dive I would mean it in an affectionate way. However, the beer selection is really good, approx 15 craft drafts and many more bottled and canned. They serve half/short pours which I think is great. I wanted to try as many local and PA beers as possible while visiting. The food has some interesting vegan choices plus plenty of regular fare. I ordered the jackfruit cakes, just to see what they were like. Bartender I am sure tried to be helpful with her description 'texture like crab cakes'. I wish she had said 'deep fried'. They should be called jackfruit croquettes. They were deep fried, crusty outside, and moist inside with chopped  jackfruit mixed with a light bready filler. There was a mango salsa. It was quite good if you like croquettes. Similar to what I have had in Belgium, except with a tasty jackfruit filling. However I would not have ordered if I had known they would be deep fried. The menu should clue you in, perhaps by calling them 'croquettes' as that would be accurate. In any case, it was quiet for a Friday night but that was ok as I could sit at the bar and learn more about some local beers. You can get any draft in a crowler to go.love the beer selection, excellent service, but the food sets this place apart! they have a "port richmond" platter that includes:Grilled Kielbasy, pierogies, potato pancakes, and kraut. it is incredible. they are a bit overpriced, but the food is great, so it doesnt matter much. the main problem here is that everyone know about this place.  it gets packed!!!  it is a small place to begin with. i go there around 4 or 5pm. you cant move in the place after 7pm. but it is one of those rare places where everything i have ever gotten there has been excellent.I have not been a beer drinker for very long and surprisingly enough, with my terrible explanation of what beers I did and did not enjoy, for what reason, etc., the bartender paired me with something delicious the South Hampton Pumpkin I believe. He was a very friendly and engaging bartender. All of the ones I've had here, are very friendly and quick to get you what you want.
AND what I want is, and what you should want is;
The "chick'n" fried portabello mushroom burger is phenom..nom nom. I love it. The onion straws set your mouth on fire, in a good way and the french fries are seasoned and delicious. 
The atmosphere is quaint, sarcastic and a tiny-bit distinguished. 
However, you can only sit outside if you're going to eat their gourmet dogs. Wish you could sit in their cool little alcove for everything.I've visited Memphis Taproom at least 5 times and never had a good experience with the food.  They have a great selection of beers, but the food leaves a lot to be desired.  Bread twist tie in a bun, food was cold, hair in the fries...each on a separate occasion.  The only thing that I did like was the fried pickles. :P  While being one of the few select bars in Philly to serve vegan options, they could stand to work on what they are serving a bit better.  I never went back.I love this place! If you are a vegan/vegetarian, you have plenty of options. My favorite is the vegan chicken fried steak.  
My favorite time at the Taproom was during this past year's Philly Beer Week.  It was a 5-course vintage beer brunch. The staff was friendly and accommodating and the beer selection they presented opened my eyes to styles that I have been hesitant to try (like the sour Cantillon lambic).  
Overall, tasty beer and food!After seeing the Memphis Taproom's chef on the Food Network cooking up some tasty vittles, the wife and I decided it was time to give the old joint one last try. So it was up to Kensington we went on the most recent Friday. 
In we walked and sat down. I knew what we had to try first- the Fried Kosher Dills. This has become a pretty popular appetizer lately, but how does it stack up to my favorite version, the one done by El Camino Real in NoLibs?
This version is completely different. The first thing you notice when they are served is that instead of individually breaded dill chips, they are entirely battered spears, 6 or so, in a bowl. 
The taste is also entirely different. The coating can be best compared to a funnel cake batter, light and fluffy and slightly sweet. It works well with the vinegary tang of the dills.  The sauce on the side is also mellow, despite being called a horseradish dip. Though I really enjoyed this dish, it turned out a lot sweeter than I thought and the menu implied, and I'll stick to El Camino's version. Still, really good. 
For dinner, I had the Chicken Fried Chicken, which was served with pepperjack mac n cheese and spicy collared greens. The sides were fantastic. Those collared greens were spicy, dense and yet still crunchy. The mac n cheese was somewhat standard, but well done. I couldnt really decipher from where the spice came, whether it was the spicy habanero sauce dripped on the plate (a nice touch, but I could have used more, especially for the chicken) or the pepperjack cheese it was made with. 
As for the chicken, that was sort of by-the-numbers. I couldnt really decipher what made it "chicken-fried" chicken. To be honest, it was pretty similar to chicken fingers. Very tasty, but completely forgettable. 
My wife got the Smoked Coconut Club. This sandwich was featured on the Food Network and brought us here in the first place. It was a very tasty, unique, delicious creation. The toasted coconut was just heavenly, as was the tomato herb mayo. The fries though, were way, way, WAY oversalted, a sad leftover complaint of my last few visits to the Memphis.
All in all, The Memphis Taprom was way better than the previous 5 times or so I have been there. I am stuck between 3 and 4 stars, but I am going to go with 3 because some kinks still need to be worked out.Three words.. Chicken Fried Chicken. Have been coming to this place for quite some time now and have been impressed every time. Their chicken fried chicken dish is top notch. They also have a large selection of craft beer if you can appreciate them. Service is always good you never have to wait long for a table. Haven't been to the outside section but I heard it was nice as well. Good place for a date or if you just want to go enjoy a beer with friends.Amazing bar. I had The Damin sandwich, the roast pork with habanero mustard. It was life changing. Great beer selection, too!I love this place, especially for breakfast. Good strong coffee, best fried pickles ever and today I had AMAZING ginger blueberry French toast with fresh whipped creme. Food of the gods! We always get the same waiter who is amazing with a great sense of humorLast night my girlfriend and I went there. We found out about Memphis Taproom from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives on the food network.  We split the avocado tacos appetizer which were spicy but delicious. A bit pricey for only 2 small tacos. Nicole got the cheeseburger and I got the steak and potatoes. Both meats were cooked to a perfect medium. The homemade fries were awesome and the side of deviled potato salad was intriguing and delicious. I highly recommend this place. It's a bit fast paced so know that going in.  Beer list was long and a bit over my head. I went with familiar allagash white. The wine list was short but well throughout. Nicole got a Chardonnay-like wine and said it was good.I've been wanting to try Memphis Taproom for awhile. I once ran by it during the Kenzinger run, and was so tempted to just hang out and eat a hotdog and drink a beer. They have a really creative menu with equally enticing vegetarian/vegan options, while still remaining casual. Our waitress was so nice and was able to check on us and refill our waters without being asked in a full seated dining room. Food and  beer was great. Since we were just stopping by for a quick snack, I curbed myself from ordering multiple things off the menu like I usually do. This time I had the kielbasy grinder, tofu club and ginger beer. Will be back to hang out in the outdoor seating and try the hotdog bar.Oh Memphis Taproom, you cheap little whore. Why must you now tempt me with your beer garden with $5 gourmet hot dogs? Why?  Knowing I can walk down the street and get dinner for $9 is much too tempting for a dude like me that lacks self-control
Look folks, I know you're thinking, "a 5$ got dog"?  Worth every penny, it's actually a bargain  There's varieties for just about everyone, including vegetarians.  I was stuffed from just one, I could've eaten two, but didn't wanna go to bed at 5pm
The beer garden is basically a cafeteria style joint that serve beers and not-so-cafeteria style food.  It's a hot dog cart on steroids. Great addition to the area!Memphis Taproom gets 5 stars from this vegetarian simply because of the smoked coconut that tastes like delicious bacon! The smoked coconut club is amazing. 
 I can also vouch for the roasted mushroom grinder, the veggie burger, the fried pickles and the onion rings.  
We made the trek to Kensington on a Saturday afternoon and had to wait a little over a half hour for a table.  Luckily the beer selection was amazing.  I just wish Kensington wasn't so far out of the way!O M G! Our daughter lives  nearby and after seeing her we looked for a good place to have a -Linner (lunch was missed kinda early dinner). She recommended the Memphis Taproom and we saw reviews online too. So we decided to give It a whirl!. We started with drinks-I had the merlot-I did not pay attention to what brand it was but it was smooth and fruity and wonderful. My husband had the espresso stout (Albatross Stout?) any way it was very good! Then for dinner My husband had the fried pickles and the chili Mac n cheeseand I had the flat iron grilled skirt steak with potato salad and grilled green beans with a jalapeño butter. 
My steak was medium and for me that's a stretch...I'm a WELL done sorta gal but I branched out. I am glad I got it medium because it was AW-ESOME! The potato
salad was freaking amazing!! The beans were actually pretty good but I'm not a huge fan of the super grilled taste but they were very spicy and that was good!
My husband had the Fried pickles! One of the best we've had and terrific! and the sauce was to die for! Then for dinner he had  the chili Mac and cheese was pretty epic. I'm not a fan of chilli outside of my own but this was incredible with orrichiette pasta and loaded with cheese and green onions and WOW! I'm having gluten issues so I had 2 bites and didn't care if I blew up like a balloon!! 
The manager recommended the Sangiovese wine and I said that I had ordered a second merlot already so he gave me a sample and told me how great it was and IT WAS! Yum. Super friend guy and the servers were all really attentive and laid back and friendly. 
OK -SO get this.. They have a beer garden and a big old lunch truck with snacks then there are lights and tables and at 9 on Saturdays in the summer they show movies on the wall!!! WHAT!? If we didn't have an hours drive home we would have stayed. Tonight was Raiders of the Lost Ark! They have a brick wall with a big white painted spot for movies. 
Ok--so I'm smitten! I love these great little places on odd streets with charm and spunk. Clean, up and coming and hip. The decor was simple yet interesting and perfect! I could have stayed all night!! I'm some what of a simple girl but I like clean and comfy and homey and delicious comfort  food and a place you can go to chill. THIS is one of them! ALMOST makes me wish I lived in the city! Please go and enjoy! Ps
We got there at about 5:00 on a Saturday. I didn't want to leave! YES I recommend it highly! I can't wait for next time!! The menu had a lot of vegan and vegetarian if you want that. Something for everyone!!!How do you make a vegan BLT?   Come here and try the smoked coconut club.  Full disclosure: Im a carnivore.  When I heard about this unique sandwich, I had to experience it for myself.  
Deep fry slabs of tofu to get as much water and moisture out and then marinate it with some olive oil and other flavorful sauces.  Smoke pieces of fresh coconut for a crispy texture that is also darkened to resemble bacon (sans the fat).  Throw it between toasted bread with some lettuce and tomato and TA-DA: a vegan BLT.  Delicious.  It was enough to convince the carnivore in me to try its other inventive vegan dishes.
Featured on Food Networks "Diners, Drive-Ins, Dives":
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZnsekJFc8MBeer Selection was great -this is the best place in the city for Fried Pickles!  The service for a busier Friday night was good.  I would definitely return.I am dropping a star as the fish and chips the past two times have been missing the fish. Very small fish fingers with a ton of batter is not what I like. I am willing to pay more for a nice large cut of fish. Bring back the fish.Plenty of vegetarian options are available here.
The chicken-fried cauliflower is amazing, and so is the tofu club sandwich with coconut!
I went here two nights in a row . . .I would give almost ANYTHING right now for their quinoa burger with swiss cheese and that awesome dijon-bbq sauce with spiced fries and a Victory IPA. Sometimes I get uncontrollable cravings for their food and it's an unrequited love story, now that Iive in Michigan. Don't ever take it for granted Philadelphia!Chicken fried chicken!!!! Seating in the dining area was pretty intimate, tho you can get a more upbeat vibe from the bar area if that's you style. It's really nice to have that option. Speaking of options, beer menu is legit, great choices, staff is knowledgeable and quick. I have no issues with their service on this Wednesday night, so I will be paying more visits when their beer garden is in full affect. To sum it up, give them a try whether it's just a date or a few friends.This place is no big deal.  Just another pub on the edge of an edgy neighborhood.  It's crowded and there's no place to wait without being in someone's way every other second.  
I had their equivalent of Eggs Benedict.  The sausage was pretty good but the eggs were too vinegary.  It's one of those pet peeves I have about Philly gastropubs.  All of the sudden vinegar is the coolest thing.   Yuk. 
And the portions were small.  I know you can't fit a hipster in those jeans with Tex-Mex-like portions, but I'm sure they'd be fine with more than three tiny potato wedges.  
I give it three stars because I know it will please more than half of the foodies out there but certainly not all of them.  I know what y'all like -- I get it.  This place needs some work though.  It's got a decent vibe and the potential to become a neighborhood institution, but at the moment it's a bit over-hyped.Owner was a legend and extremely knowledgeable about beer and other important life matters.  Made us feel like locals even though we were from the other side of the world. Food was delicious and stupidly cheap.I probably could have put a down payment on a house with all the brunches I've had in the last year. I've had some great ones all over the city, but the Memphis Taproom is by far my favorite brunch spot.  I love MT so much, I drove there from center city during that snow storm of the decade we had a few weeks ago, because a friend and I decided we could not go on without their chicken fried chicken.
The food is spectacular. A lot of very simple dishes made very well. I recommend sharing an order of suicide rings, because they are one of the greatest ways to eat an onion. My favorite entrees are the fried oysters and the chicken fried chicken. If you couldn't tell, these guys are masters of frying. The oysters are deep fried in a cornmeal batter and come with some of the best slab bacon I've ever had. The chicken fried chicken is are boneless pieces of fried chicken sitting on a bed of mac and cheese that is  swimming in a pool of habanero bbq sauce.  
The service is always friendly. The first time I went to MT they gave us a Trivial Pursuit board and didn't mind that we stuck around way past our meal to finish the game. Sometimes they get in the weeds, but you forgive it, because brunch isn't supposed to be a fast-paced meal.
My one complaint is the coffee maker. They only have one coffee maker and are constantly in the process of making a new pot which gives you about a 10 minutes lag between cups. There is something sort of heartbreaking about having the best savory pumpkin french toast of your life and not being able to wash it down with a cup joe. 
All in all this is the kind of place you want to spend a lazy Sunday. There is nothing like self-medicating a hangover with belgian beers, while eating some of the best comfort food in the city.2 years I would've given 5 stars. I've gone about 5 times in the past 2 years, and each time it seems the portions get a little smaller and the crowd a lot snobbier. My partner and I were stared at and complained about during one visit by whom I assume to be a bitter group of young single hipsters for being appropriately affectionate(a kiss on the cheek, shoulder rubs etc.) to each other for about 30 seconds. I suppose that's what you have to deal with in a nice place to eat so close to Fishtown. 
On another note, I have never had a bad meal here. The fried pickles and charred green peas are amazing(although in my recent visit the charred greens dish was about half the size it usually is). The fried avocado tacos have unfortunately been taken off the menu, I fell hard for those things. I'm not a fan of cheese but my family was a huge fan of the cheese and sausage platter. Most recently, the Port Richmond platter is also a good choice, especially to split(there's two of everything on the dish). The vegan chocolate and peanut butter pie is soo good!
The craft and international beer selection is impressive. I have yet to sit in the beer garden, but from what I hear it isn't something to miss during its season. I plan to visit the taproom each time I'm in the area(with great hope to find the avocado tacos back on the menu). Highly recommended!Blown away.  Took my family here for the vegetarian options and beers- we're all vegetarian.  Suicide onion rings were spectacular.  The fried pickles were good- we wish we had gotten the jak fruit cakes, though.  Next time! The pickles were fine, they just paled a little next to the fantastic onion rings.  The waitress was very friendly and no-nonsense, and confidently made great recommendations for both beer and food.  We were happy with every draft we had.  As for the meals, we all tried each others' meals, and were so pleased.  The coconut tofu club thing, recommended by the waitress, was so delicious and interesting. Smoked coconut???!!  Who woulda thunk?  Asparagus mac n cheese was a decadent and delicious treat, the chicken-fried portobello was juicy and tasty, and he mushroom grinder was huge and full of mushroomy goodness.  You can't sit at the tables unless you order food, and we got a laugh out of the menu saying something along the line of "don't go home and blog about it- sit at the bar and maybe make some friends.".  Because.... It make sense, haha.  Or if you desperately desire a table, get food- it's delicious!  Coming back soon for Twin Peaks on the "big screen" in the beer garden... Because how awesome is that?We were in the neighborhood visiting and came here for the Vegan Rooster and a couple Vegan Bloody Marys. Delicious! Friendly staff with a good playlist rounds out the experience. I'll definitely come back here next time I'm in town. #veganLots of the menu items looked good.  I settled on fish n chips and I was hungry... but it didn't really do it for me.  I'm not a believer in "if they can't get fish n chips right..." but I was hoping for something a little better.  Would have liked to try the other items to give a chance at redemption but unfortunately all it really takes is one sub-par meal to not want to go back.
I thought the interior and atmosphere was nice.  Our server was also extremely friendly and it seems like the type of place that would be good to hang out at - only if the food were better.An absolute gem in the Kensington / Fishtown area.  These folks know beer!  I'm in there at least twice a week.  Wonderful service, amazing beers from around the world, knowledgeable staff, great energy.  It's good to have a place I can walk to for good beer.Out of all of the bar food in the Fishtown/N Libs area, Memphis has the best hands down. Beer selecting is ever changing and there's always something interesting to try.  Everything I've ordered from the menu has been delicious.  The fried pickles are to die for (full pickles in a nice thick tasty batter).  Unfortunately, it's been really busy since the Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives filming.  We've tried going three times since then and have had trouble with seating each time (this is on week day nights too!).Excellent brunch menu and the beer selection is astonishing. The employees are knowledgeable and will help you pair beers with your food selection. I've only been here during brunch hours and the crowd/atmosphere was always pleasant (not noisy, not crowded but lively). 
Will return! : )great beer selection. welcoming and friendly atmosphere.
food is inconsistent - sometimes really good, other times just so-so.
had the chicken fried chicken months ago - really good.
had it again yesterday - tasteless chicken nuggets (but larger), mac and cheese was pretty awful - more like warmed over mac salad, stale sliver of corn bread, chard was so-so but sauce was slopped onto plate...wanted to like my dish but it was so disappointing...not sure i'll be back anytime soon...I love Memphis Taproom!  Went with a friend and ordered the chicken fried cauliflower, smoked coconut club sandwich and he had the fried a Vaca do tacos.  Everything was so delicious! I'm a strict vegetarian but not a big fan of tofu but my sandwich was incredibly tasty (even when I ate the second half the next day). The fries are to die for and I want to bathe in their aioli. 
Our server, and really everyone working was really friendly and helpful. My only complaint is that I'm not much of a beer gal (though their beer list is quite impressive), they didn't have a red wine that sounded tasty at the time so I ordered a vodka cranberry and they were out of cranberry. No big deal, a vodka tonic did the trick. 
I will be back OFTEN!There are three things in life these days that act as instant gustatory anti-depressants.  Imbibing or gormandizing any of these three, or even more importantly, in combination, results in the onset of a sensation of fulfillment and happiness in such a profound fashion that for a brief few minutes, I am left with the thought that all simply must be right in the world.   Of course this fades, which is great news for the owners of fine gastropubs such as Memphis Taproom.
What are these miracle, seratonin-releasing foods?  For me, they are great beer, pickles, and the more esoteric qualifier "fried".  MTR provides the most excellent trifecta of these items with their broad tap selection and their fried pickles.  If only man could live on fried pickles and beer alone, I would take up residence above this mecca of gastropubbery.  
Their dominance has recently been enhanced by the addition of their new outdoor space, with a different canned beer selection and assortment of hot dog varietals.  I can't recommend this place enough.Came here for Philly beer week and had a really great time, I really enjoyed the menu that they put together pertaining to Philly Beer Week. I am really big on the beer that is served at certain bars and Memphis Taproom had a really good selection, their fried pickles were heaven, long dills deep fried in a thick beer batter, my god they were amazing! My cousin got a Stout burger with a stout cheese and I got probably hands down the best pulled pork sandwich in the city. The meat was great, juicy, tender and the fries were fresh and crispy. I will definitely be coming back to this spot for some lunch and some beers. They also have a cool beer garden outside that would be awesome to sit at when the weather is beautiful and the beer starts flowing. I really would enjoy making the Taproom a spot to hit during Philly Beer Week. I can't wait to comeback and see what they have during PBW again this year! Cheers to them and cheers to anyone who bookmarks Memphis Taproom, it's a must go and you won't regret a nice meal and some great drinks!I don't want to give a good review, as Im tired of places I like getting inundated with dbags. 
Went here sat night.. their grand opening of the new beer garden and gourmet hot dog truck. A) the hot dogs are no 'ball park' variety.. gore-may! There are about 9 different style you may get, with all sorts of toppings that will amaze you.
Beer: cans (beer garden Im tawkin bout).. but not Schlizt or shitty PBR.. no, this is GOOD craft beer. Memphis TR hits a home run.. it will be better soon as they get some background music going..and the projector for Phils/Flyers games. 
Kudos, I am a fanI really wanted to love Memphis Taproom.  We've be meaning to come here forever, and finally made it in for brunch after the big raids, to support our locally owned bars.
I ordered the chiliquiles, which ended up being more like a frittata.  It was ok, but not what I was really in the mood for. My wife's burger was good, the fries were great, and the $5 bloody mary was better for my sore legs than the ibuprofen i meant to takeThis restaurant has a good amount of vegan options. It provided a "hipster" like setting and they had a great beer selection. The food was decent. I would recommend the fried pickles.Something really awful happened to me last night that usually doesn't. Something very rare to my existence, brought a beautiful experience to a screeching halt. I went to the Memphis Taproom in Fishtown and saw the evil lips of hatred speak ignorance in a place where we had come to gather.
A server, a manager, a staff - selfish, slanted, racist beliefs polluted our night, polluted that short-sighted bar wench who had trouble accepting my eclectic bunch of friends on a Saturday night. Three Philippinos, a few whites, a black girl; we were celebrating a charity event we had organized on that day which brought together a non-profit for kids, a soup kitchen, a church, a photo studio, a community. This is what we were happy about.
Her perception of us probably wasn't what we really are. But she acted on that perception and that emotion. Well, the effects are exponential.
To have that experience interrupt what we are all about makes me believe we may still be falling backwards as a society, and that above all, there are racist idoits working at the Memphis Taproom. As much as this is a rant about society, it's also a negative review for that backwards-ass establishment.
The stupid wench told my black friends to leave when they came to replace my two Phillapino friends that just left, by saying there aren't enough seats when they arrived, like a REAL 1950s Taproom in Memphis. We have come too far as a people for me to think that discrimination will silently go unnoticed. I will not be punished for someone else's slanted point of view.
You may hate me because I think freely, and love constantly. You may hate me because my hair is long. Or my smile is too big. Or my skin isn't the color of yours, but you will not treat me differently. Try it. Try me. I'm the same as you. Maybe even a little better because I don't stop accepting people when they are different than me.
If we let ourselves be divided by hate, then we will continue to divide and hate. If we teach each other love and acceptance, then we will love and accept each other. It's really that simple.
I will never return but to speak of this awful experience. I will not tolerate anyone treating any of the people I love with this kind of disrespect. I will not let my wife or children, MY BLACK WIFE AND MY MIXED CHILDREN, be present to anyone treating them differently based upon any definition but their character. Try it. Try me.I have gone to this place for both Brunch and dinner.
Brunch was decent, but not great. The food was decent but overall nothing to get super excited about and not the best brunch I have had in Philly. The Blood mary was decent and they made it extra spicy as I asked. 
Service was good, the staff are all really nice.
For dinner, the mushroom sandwich was very well put together and the flavors just popped.The fresh goat cheese salad was good but the goat cheese was a bit too runny for our tastes. The dressing on the salad was really good though. We got the beef and onion pasties for an appetizer and that was pretty good, with a nice layer of salt sprinkled on top which really added some good flavors.
Dinner would have ranked 4 stars, but brunch brought it down a drop to 3.Great beer. And great vegetarian/vegan menu options - try the creole jackfruit!  Everyone was friendly. I'll be back.We just moved into Fishtown/Kensington area and our friend told us about this place.   We all went a few weeks ago and loved it.  Great food, service is awesome, and very cute inside.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone around the area.I wish I liked this place more.  Maybe I went in with overly-high expectations, but I just have not been impressed.  Both times I have been here, the food has been good, but not great.  The first time I got the fried chicken, which was good but overpriced.  The second time I got the roasted pork sandwich.  It was mostly bread with some cheese, greens, and a little pork.  It was just not very satisfying.  Their fries are not that great.  I liked the fried onions the first time, but last time I went, they were cut way too big and were not nearly as crispy.  Last time I was there, the service was glacially slow.  Maybe I'm ordering the wrong things or just having bad luck, but I really do not get what the fuss is all about.I am going to break this one down simply with a small prologue to open it up:
Between the episode covering this establishment and all of the ranting and raving from Yelp, I think what I was expecting was some sort of heavenly oasis of all good yummy food things upon entering.  I seriously thought that this place would be a gift from the pro vegetarian Gods.  That was probably the first mistake.  My expectations were way too high right out of the gate so when I went late at night with a group of friends with my yelp recommendations of the fried pickles, suicide rings and chicken fried cauliflower, we thought we would be able to die after leaving.  Ultimately I was a tad let down as was my group. 
on to the breakdown:
All of the above was ordered along with the Port Richmond Platter, two desserts (one apple thing and the other a cheesecake if I can remember correctly).  They were all delicious, as was the infamous coconut club but like I said, maybe expectations were too high?  They were all done and presented very well- tasted great but ultimately I've had better.
The place is small, very very small.  That can either be a good thing or a bad thing depending on you.  About 8 tables maybe? Small staff but very quick turnaround time- never had to wait and felt like the staff was fast and educated as well.
I gave it three stars because it was just that- "A-OK".  I'm not a huge fan; I would go back again because it's very close to home- a 3 minute walk, and there are vegetarian options that help with my diet limitations.  
The taproom is good and I had a good time, ate good food and that was that.  Nothing stuck out in particular for me- maybe it's my taste buds but that's the truth.Love the food at this taproom but don't order the local Gin unless your prepared for a bad hangover.I thought I wrote a review for this place already but must have been in a delusional food coma.  It's a cute, cozy place, not too hipster-y, not loud (I hate loud restaurants and bars, I don't want to shout to talk to you!), and delicious.  I am very pleased that they have many vegan/vegetarian options, and got the veggie burger-- homemade with some kind of bean, quinoa (!) and roasted veggies, made un-vegan because I asked for grated gruyere on top.  Oh. my. god.  Best veggie burger EVER. The fries were tasty, too, not to mention the deep-fried pickles.  In theory that sounded gross to me, but after being force-fed one by my friends, I am an artery-clogged convert.  Oh, I also had the best beer in existence here, Ommegang Abbey Ale.  Not too shabby prices, either.My local bar, a block from home. It is a great beer joint, although as much as I like the rotating selection, I wish they would keep a few standards on tap all the time - sometimes you just want "the usual" (in my case, Brawler). 
The service is friendly, the ipod mix pleasant and the crowd is pretty laid back. Yes, this place is kid-friendly, which I am sure I will appreciate more if I ever have any. 
The food is good, but not quite up to gastropub good. When I order a medium burger, I get anything from rare to well-done, but I love the sesame buns and butter lettuce, and the meat is well-seasoned. The artichoke dip is fabulous. The suicide rings, fried pickles, roast pork, mac & cheese - all full of win. The chicken wings, however,  really suck. I think the pilsner brine must dry them out or something. And the chicken-fried chicken is like gourmet chicken fingers - yuck. Gimme some nice fried dark meat on the bone please. 
I wish they would have a few food specials, because I have eaten the whole menu at this point, but spring is coming so maybe there will be some new stuff.