This place is truly fun to hang out in!  Also the decor is beautiful. Very reasonably priced considering the Rittenhouse addressHad dinner with family here on a busy Saturday night. I got the maple brussel sprouts and the riceballs, both wonderful and very tasty dishes! I loved the atmosphere and decor and I highly recommend dining here!Had a fantastic experience at Keen! The drink selection was great, and the atmosphere was unique and fun! You can tell the owner put so much thought into the small details! It was such a welcoming place, and I can't wait to go back and try the food! Highly recommend you check out Keen!Great food, service and ambiance. Try the fish tacos they were excellent. Very interesting and eclectic food menu and drinks, especially the bacon! The staff is very welcoming and upbeat and they did not rush us out. Great for groups of friends who want to talk and celebrate. I would recommend Keen to any foodie! I'll be back...This is a super friendly neighborhood restaurant with great drink prices and terrific appetizers! Our group of 5 was treated to a gracious welcome on a bitterly cold night, and our server Allie was efficient and friendly. We loved the carrot hummus and the pig candy appetizers along with the cauliflower hand pies! Our main dishes were well-prepared if a little under-seasoned. We enjoyed excellent short ribs, Atlantic Char, and tender pork chops. Some of the roasted vegetables had a bit too much pickling vinegar, but there were enough other offerings that it didn't matter. We liked the root vegetable bread pudding and the roasted broccoli in the veggie board, but the Brussel sprouts were a bit less tasty than we had hoped. Overall, this is great American food with a lighter touch, and the service was fantastic!Amazing bar! Went here for a Blood Moon party and it was a ton of fun - bartenders are great and friendly, food is delicious. Been here on chiller nights as well to watch basketball upstairs and they always change the channel for me. Also BOARD GAMES.Two stars for: nice atmosphere, friendly staff, good cocktails. Minus three stars for: uninspired menu, very poorly made dishes. Mussels were unevenly cooked, and I was afraid to eat them. Wings were dry and over cooked. Famous bacon candy wasn't anything special. Would never eat there again unless they get a new chef. It's a shame. Would go for just a drink.Went out tonight to keen, what a great experience. Doris was my bartender and she was by far amazing. Good laughs and great drinks! Tom the bar manager is very knowledgeable in his cocktails he makes and they are by far delicious. Antonella and Liam and Amazing chefs and do a great job with all the food. Hand pies are beyond amazing along with everything else. If you're looking for a chill nice local spot to hang out or grab a bite this is the spot! Much love.The first thing you notice when walking into Keen was the décor. We went to the upstairs bar. I'd call it eclectic ski-lodge. Smooth wood and stone bar and bar stools with beautiful color patterns. The woodwork on the staircase was really beautiful. We also popped into the lounge that included a big screen TV, boardgames, and a video game system; it looked like a great place to hang out. The bar tender was nice and handled our allergy needs very well. My wife and step-daughter got burgers which they said were great. I had the veggie burger, which was also great. The long hot yogurt added a nice kick. I also had a nice side of Mapled Glazed Brussels Sprouts.  The beer menu was small, but still had good quality beers. The margarita I had was really tasty.Awful, awful, awful food. Cool atmosphere.
It's clear that a ton of effort went into this place - the interior is quirky and whimsical, both bars are beautifully decorated and comfortable, and the concept upstairs with the games is a lot of fun. How did the food factor get so completely overlooked? 
I went with a group of 4 and everything was disappointing, but most importantly, BEWARE of the happy hour menu. Every single thing we ordered from it was horrifying. The cheese sauce that came with my pretzels, seemingly a no-brainer, was literally clumps of cheese at the bottom of a bowl of water. The dorito wings and taco mac that friends ordered sounded good in a guilty-pleasure kind of way but were passed around the table and unanimously deemed inedible. Our entrees (burger, crispy chicken sandwich, scallops) were more solid than the happy hour stuff but by that point I was thoroughly skeptical of anything coming out of that kitchen.
Keen, hire a new chef! Save yourself!Just had my second dinner at Keen and loved it again. The first time I had the fish special that was light, clean and flavorful. This time I went the other way and have an awesome burger. The flavor was a perfect balance of sweet & spicy with long hot relish and caramelized onions, and the composition was so perfectly done. I will be back!This place is beautiful. The drinks are badass and the food is outstanding. They've gotten a bad rap because of a certain food critic who's trying to stay relevant. Don't be swayed by that. Give this place a try. The staff is great and very friendly. This place is great for groups. Do it!The place itself looks incredible, with intricate yet relaxing vibe. Got the short rib and chicken entrees, both were incredible. Super friendly staff, our waitress made great cocktails. Upstairs is more of a lounge/bar type place, with Pac-Man. Plenty of board games and party games. Will definitely be back, either for dinner downstairs or drinks upstairs.Amazing service and super friendly people here!! Jameil (sorry I butchered that) Tommy D and the rest of the crew. Didn't mean to stop here but I'm glad I did. Food was good, drinks even better. I'm mad that I forgot what drink I had but it was beer. Jameil gave bf their restaurant T-shirt, on the House, because he didn't want to drink with his uniform on and for being so difficult. Thank you! Will be back for the upstairs game room.Decided to check out Keen Philly because it serves Moscow Mules and I was craving one! I was pleasantly surprised by the decor (especially the mini-chandeliers in the dining area and the lit up bar on the first floor). The second floor is awesome and very comfy with lots of places to sit and relax and play a board game. Also the Moscow mule was in fact deliciousThis place has only been open for a minute, but I already know it's definitely going to be one of my go-to spots!
The drink menu is awesome - cool without being pretentious, and really reasonably priced. The autumn mule (a twist on the Moscow) is my favorite, but I also loved the double revolver (anything with La Colombe espresso and bourbon is good with me). Solid Pennsylvania draft beers and a good selection of bottles and cans. And they have wine on tap for $7! 
Onto the appetizers... The pretzels are fresh and have great flavor, the rice balls and hand pie have awesome filling and texture, and the candied bacon is one of the best things I've ever eaten! As for entrees, the fall noodles are a must if you like homemade pasta and the short rib is perfect, filling fall comfort food. The chef's homemade rainbow cookies perfectly capped off the meal. 
All of the staff is super nice and engaging, and they really make you feel welcome. You can tell they're proud of the place. 
Finally, this is one of the coolest looking places in the city. The design is beautiful and comfortable, and everywhere you look, there's something unique. The downstairs bar/dining room are fun and  funky, and the upstairs bar and lounge have great TVs and seating (couch is comfy as hell) and an old school table video game with all of the classics. 
Very excited to have Keen in the 'hood. It's the perfect balance of good food, good drinks, good people, and good prices. It's going to be a great spot to hang!This place is a gem! It has a really chill vibe, good food, and good drinks. The staff are very friendly and the place has a cool hang out environment with boardgames. It's pretty quiet on a residential street but worth checking out with a group of friends.Amazing opening night!  Food was wonderful, service was excellent, and atmosphere was very chill.  The Pig Candy (a bacon appetizer) was great, maple flavored bacon with a surprising pepper kick.  Try the Rye and Applejack cocktail to wash it down, a great pairing.  The Chai Chicken entree was very good with reminders of Thanksgiving.  Their seasonal menu had all the best flavors of fall, so I hope they keep it up with the seasons to follow.  P.S. Phil is an amazing bartender!This place is a bust.  If they can't serve halfway decent food the gig will be up.
The service was fine.  The bar looked incredible and the renovations they did to that area were impressive.  On to the food:
We started with the triple dip.  We really enjoyed all of the dips, they were delicious and I would order them again.  Then we had the Chai Chicken - I thought we might be on a hidden camera.  The chicken was grey, the dish looked unappetizing, and worst of all, it was so overcooked even an aspiring 12 year old chef could have determined it shouldn't be served.  I went back on their website to get the name of the dish right.  Even the picture looks bad.  The slab of grey, overcooked chicken was $20.  We then shared the fish.  It was nicely cooked, but the bad experience with the chicken was too much to overcome.  Not a single dish was presented in an interesting or particularly inviting manner.  Just throw it on the plate. 
I can't fathom how the "team" at Keen thinks the food that is going out is OK to serve.  Change the menu and get better quality control.  I am going to wait until there is a new menu, chef, etc. to give this place another try.Keen is a huge disappointment, especially considering how long it took them to open (3 years, they should have gotten it right after that much time) and how many good restaurants there are in Philly. If you haven't read the Craig LaBan review in the inquirer...read it. It is highly, highly accurate. We went shortly after they opened, and while the pig candy was good (and apparently there are a couple other decent things on the menu per LaBan), that was the only thing well executed. Everything else was bland and unimaginative. Even the braised short rib, which was actually very tender, had no flavor. The drinks sounded good so I got the Philly Sour, which was essentially all sour mix and very one dimensional. I decided to switch to wine, which was served in a tumbler (UGH minus six points right there), which was flabby and equally disappointing (as was my wife's). We all agreed that the food was a 2-3/5, but I thought that the service was good and very friendly (not as bad as LaBan's). So I vowed to go back before writing a yelp review...
I went back very recently (about 4-5 months after my first visit) for drinks upstairs on a Saturday night. I figured that since my Philly Sour was a let down, I'd let them give me their best. So I asked the bartender upstairs, "What would you say your best cocktail is?" To which she replied, "Well, I really hate it when people ask that." Needless to say I was really insulted and frankly amazed, because she managed to take an opportunity to showcase their offerings to a customer and turned it into a very antagonistic situation. There are so many better ways to answer that question. I ended up explaining that I liked things spirit forward, so she recommended something that ended up being just another sour bomb (though my friends had cocktails that I thought were decent). We stayed and played pac man and Guess Who, which was fun since the place was empty and we weren't competing for the games. Though the cider I got for round two was pretty disgusting.
It's really a bummer that this place can't deliver. We live close by and we're really rooting for it since it would be a convenient neighborhood spot for us to go. But they just have no clue what they're doing. I would strongly discourage any of my friends who care about quality food or drinks from going to Keen.I am so bummed to not like this place! It's right near my apartment, and I've had wonderful experiences at the last restaurant in this space (Fish), so I was hoping for big things from Keen. Unfortunately, what I got was really awful food. Before I dive into the food, the restaurant itself is old school philly. Set in a row home with lots of quaint rooms. The decor is kind of a hodgepodge - I guess by design - but it wasn't my style. I obviously won't fault them for that, but they do have an issue with noise. There are a lot of seats in a small space, and they have very little decor or fabric to help absorb the sound. It's loud AF! The service was perfectly good - and especially fine considering that the restaurant has only been open a week - so I don't have much to report on that. We ordered a few cocktails, and they were fantastic. The cognac one was especially bad-ass. I wish I could just compliment the food and stop there.
We ordered the Pretzels, Fall Noodles, Mussels, and Cauliflower. The pretzels weren't really pretzely. They tasted like super dense garlic knots. The mussels and cauliflower were served to us at room temperature. I'm not sure what happened. We got the pretzels within 5 min of ordering, and then we waited at least 25 more minutes for the rest of the dishes. The pacing was weird, so maybe something happened in the kitchen that caused the cold food. Anyway, we sent back the cauliflower. The mussels were totally edible, but they were overcooked and had little flavor. Chewy, cold mussels - not my thing. The old restaurant, Fish, served an incredible curry mussel strew, so maybe we were just expecting too much. The cauliflower was recommended as the best side. It was literally tiny pieces of cauliflower with olive oil, salt and pepper and thrown into an oven. Sadly, the worst part of the meal was the Fall Noodles. Described to us as Christmas in a dish, it underwhelmed in all categories. The first few bites were completely inedible. Someone covered the top of the dish with high grit sea salt. I'm talking like massive morsels of salt that no one ever should ever be eating raw. To make it worse, there were chunks of garlic that weren't really cooked down. That, plus the garlic knots we had, and I've been stuck with that horrible taste you get from raw garlic. There was also something wrong with the linguini noodles.  They tasted like crappy homemade noodles that were cut too thick. They were heavy, dense and rigid. It's not like this place is super expensive, but it's still $80 for a two person dinner with two drinks. There are so many better options nearby.
This place has only been open a week, so I do have faith that it'll get better!Went here Friday night with a group of friends. There aren't many yelp reviews  of this place as it opened very recently but most of them are 5 stars so it was worth trying out. It's setup in a row home with multiple rooms and the decor is cozy with dim lights and the upstairs hangout area almost feels like someone's living room.
The drinks are reasonable priced and our  group tried some cocktails and draft beers all of which were good. We got the rice ball appetizer for the table and for entree ordered the burger, fish and fall noodles with some vegetables on the side. I did not enjoy my entree at all, the fall noodles were very bland and dry and probably needed some sauce added to it. I got almost all of it to go and will probably not eat it. The other entrees were not as bad as I heard from my friends that the burger and fish were good. The side of beets and cauliflower remained untouched with the beets being too salty and hard.
Disappointed with my experience at Keen as I love trying out new places especially the ones in the neighborhood.This is a fabulous restaurant.  The food was delicious and the cocktails were amazing. I'm a huge fan of a Vouvray, and it was on their wine list.  The prices were phenomenal for the food too.  The atmosphere was adorable and the staff was friendly.This is the best burger I have had in the city! Cooked perfect and served with a delicious pasta salad. Also had a wonderful 7 layer cookie that was a bit of heaven. I will definitely be eating here again. The atmosphere made me want to stay longer and there was always a new work of art to look at with the lights, bar top and railing up the stairs. My new favorite place to relax and unwind in the city.Fantastic folks that truly care about their customers having a great time!  I highly recommend this neighborhood place to  meet up, relax and hang out!Staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. Great selection of board games. Excellent mixed drinks. Cool atmosphere.The service was spectacular, the food (I got the house burger and taco Mac and cheese) was delicious, the ambiance is truly unique but not trying too hard. The dessert menu is not written down, (they'll read it to you) but they have a seven layer Italian cookie that is now the only thing I want to eat. Keen is like the best friend you met while waiting in line for the ladies room one night and you just clicked, and now it's 7 years later and you're both drinking tequila at your kids birthday party. It is really something special here!Everything about Keen points to the makings of a new neighborhood favorite. I should also mention that the prices are very reasonable for the quality of the drinks and food, given that Keen is so close to Rittenhouse square. 
We started dinner off right with some drinks, and were recommended the draft sparkling rose, which did not disappoint. It was crisp and light, and also on the drier side, which was really perfect with appetizers. As far as cocktails go, the autumn mule was also recommended and was quite gingery, making it perfect for fall. More than half of the cocktails on the menu seem to be seasonal, so that's definitely a reason to visit soon and visit often! 
For food, we ordered some appetizers and the short ribs to share. Some favorites were the cauliflower and potato hand pie, and the pretzels. The pretzels were soft and fluffy, and came with a particularly memorable "spiked Caesar" dip, which was the right balance of creamy, peppery, and slightly spicy. But... the standout of the evening was the short ribs. The meat was cooked to perfection - super tender and juicy. This was recommended by Antonella (the amazing chef!), and there was no doubt that it was cooked for a full 8 hours. The brussel sprouts that accompanied the ribs were also lovingly caramelized and drizzled with the perfect amount of balsamic. 
We were also glad we saved room for dessert because the pumpkin trifle with gingersnaps was probably a close second for the standout dish. Everything about this dessert was light and fluffy, with the gingersnaps adding a chewy crunch...my only suggestion would be to offer it in a full size pie plate because I could eat this all day. This is obviously seasonal as well, so, again, come here soon! 
FINALLY, everything about this restaurant is beautifully designed. From the lights above the bar (crystal stalactite-esque) to the light in the main dining room (sort of reminiscent of trees in Lord of the Rings), to the pretty floral plates and the trippy stairs (but please don't trip), it's obvious that someone put a lot of time and effort into creating a certain atmosphere. The upstairs bar/lounge area is cozy and intimate with board games and a mini Pacman/Galactica console. ALSO, in case you were looking, the Keen branded condoms are in the men's restroom upstairs!Absolutely love this place. Such a nice establishment to have in the neighborhood, and different from anything offered nearby (read: on South Street). Staff is amazing and food is delicious for reasonable prices. And the draught rose--so delicious and so cheap for the pour. One of my favorite drinks in the whole city. If you are in the area you have to check this place out, and sit outside if you can! If not, check out the board games upstairs.Incredible. My favorite place in Philly! We tried just about everything, it was all so delicious! We had a FANTASTIC waiter, he was hysterical. The vide in here is amazing and I can't wait to come back! Loved the decor, staff, and food! It's the first place I suggest to friends.This review is strictly for the drinks/place...
I love quirky, unique spots and this place is exactly that! Owners clearly spent time on the decor, from the cool stairs banister to the awesome glass/artsy bar stools and coffee table. Nice teal colored theme. We hung out upstairs... it would be a perfect place for a group of friends to come chill, drink and play board games, there's a stack in the corner! Also random arcade games. Even the bathrooms are beautifully decorated!
I loved my autumn mule cocktail which was a different twist on a traditional Moscow mule. My friend tried the double revolver which was aptly named because you could def taste the strong la
Colombe. For the intricacy of the drinks, I was surprised they weren't more expensive esp because the food menu seemed more on the expensive side. (Not complaining! 
I'll be back soon to try the food or for happy hour, excited for this cute new spot in my 'hood.We were 6 of us had such a great dinner. Food was great although they have a very tight dishes. Atmosphere was cool and very nice to hear your family and friends as well as having the dinner. Server, Jamel, spelling can be wrong but he was nice to us. We just super surprised why he wanted to charge a dressing. It is nickel and dime. Anyway, it was a good place to have a dinner with friends and family.Hands down the BEST dining out experience I've had in a longgg time. Our server, Jamyl, was warm, personable, and attentive from the second we walked in, the food was amazing, and the place is absolutely gorgeous. You can tell so much thought went into making this place one of a kind. They even have board games which was awesome because you can make a whole night of it: dinner, drinks, games, the whole thang. Just paid the bill. Couldn't even wait to leave before writing a review. We were only in Philly for one night, and I'm SO glad we stopped at Keen. We'll definitely be back next time we're here!Craig labullshit is sour fucking grapes.  Super knowledgeable bar staff.  The bar manager is stellar as well. He doesn't balk at complex questions  but rather has more information, for the snooty bar patron like myself, that enhances the experience.  It's all the knowledge with none of the pretentious bullshit of Ranstead room.  The owner and his wife are wonderful people.  The interior decor is thoughtful and eclectic.  10 of 10.Staff was very friendly and welcoming! Cosy vibe and drinks hit the spot.. Would returnNote: I have not eaten here yet so this is only about the venue, the staff and the drinks. 
Popped in here with friends after doing some service work to honor MLK. The entrance is unassuming, looking pretty much like every other house on the block (which I like). The vibe is really nice. You get a laid back feel when you enter facing the cozy downstairs bar. To the left is the dining room which is similarly intimate. 
We immediately headed upstairs cuz my only goal was to drink a 7% beer and whoop some butt playing a variety of board games (I lost at everything). Yes, they have a lounge with tons of board games and seating for about 15 give or take a few. Oh there's also a pacman arcade game in the corner and a big tv in there too. Maybe they'll let me hook up my N64 next time? The bar upstairs is a little more spacious than the downstairs bar and has some additional high tops adjacent to it. Loved the setup. 
Both bartenders were friendly and the gentleman upstairs did a lap to check on us and see if we needed a drink which was quite kind of him. 
I'd strongly recommend this place for some drinks and games, post-work/happy hour or whenever you happen to be passing by. Hoping the food is good too otherwise I'll have to run to the nearest taxi like Ben Carson during a live interview after forgetting his luggage in said taxi.This is a great spot. The food is excellent; fresh and creative. Great cocktails and a decent beer list. The atmosphere is funky but relaxed and comfortable. The owners really put a lot of though and effort into building and decorating it. But it's the staff, management and ownership that really make the place what it is.  Everyone there is friendly, entertaining and welcoming. Keen is well worth a visit.This is a great local bar that truly gives you that neighborly welcoming feel.  We stopped in on a date night and were so pleased to learn the bartender was from Hollywood , FL - like us!  We have come back multiple times since.  They have good drinks,  yummy bar food,  and an awesome atmosphere.  Plenty of games to keep you entertained,  TVs all over,  and friendly staff to make you feel like you belong.If you're like me, you've always dreamed of having that TV-sitcom-esque bar next store where everyone knows your name... and this is it! From my first time in I felt like I regular, and I know there are so many others who feel the same.
Can't speak highly enough of this spot. Chill ambiance (my friend described it as "fairy tale"), well-balanced cocktails, a small but mighty draft list, and some delicious food. Tip: get the pretzels + cheesy sauce and extra honey mustard.
It's a great spot for happy hour (5-7 pm Tu-Fri), monthly trivia, or even just to post at a bar with a book (from experience...). Also perfect for an event - I recently threw my birthday party upstairs, and the team was accommodating, proactive, and overall made it a perfect evening.
I LOVE THIS BAR. Admittedly, I'm biased, because at this point Midnight Iris is my second home and extended family. XxxI've been meaning to visit here since before the pandemic, so when they reopened about a week ago I made a point to check it out. As of this writing their policy is that proof of vaccination (photo on your phone is acceptable) is required and then no masks are needed, although most or all of the staff was masked.
The bar when you walk in is tiny, but there is a dining room as well as an upstairs bar and separate living room lounge area. Since we got there right after opening (5pm) on a Friday, we had our pick. We opted to sit at the downstairs bar since the stools had backs. The space is funky with some interesting chandelier pieces. The bartender took good care of us despite apparently also having to be the vaccination checker and server for the outdoor tables.
The food menu isn't huge, but the fries with "sneeky sauce" and soft pretzel nuggets with honey mustard were great for sharing. (The fries come in two sizes depending on whether you plan to share; the shareable size was good for three people to enjoy.) I also had the breakfast sandwich and would recommend it. I tried a few cocktails and mostly enjoyed them, although the $17 price for the rotating barrel aged cocktail felt a little steep. The beer selection seemed pretty standard for a Philly bar, but the prices on the beer were solid.
Overall I recommend and will be back.Went here for after work drinks on a weekday night during an evening stroll. Nicely tucked into the neighborhood and quite homely with the open air bar area right there. Had a couple of drinks in the bar area. The moscow mules were made on the nicely bar top table that was highly glossed. The lighting with the industrial piping was a great touch and their liquor selection was solid. The mule was ok with a good flavor of basil and lime. I am a bit partial to having my cocktails with a bit more edge, but I can only control that at home. Dining area seemed pretty empty but it would be worth a try for brunch or dinner.Great local bar. Amazing vegetarian options. Looks like a great spot to have dinner and then hangout upstairs. Super interesting bathrooms as well.
The drinks are great and the bar staff are all incredible friendly. Great neighborhood spot and great ambiance.
If you live in the area, great hangout.The last time my husband and I were here was pre pandemic. It was great to get back! Vaccination cards are required, which made me feel comfortable but what was the absolute best thing ever EVER was the espresso martini the bartender made. Trust her with your drinks! Won't be disappointed.Best wings in the city, hands down. Best bartenders, best bar food, come here, have fun, take a shot, and then come back.The second floor here is a really fun place to chill, sit at the bar, or play board games. Think Doobie's but less divey. 
That's why I give it four stars. The food itself is three stars. I've had the burger and roast pork sandwich, and both were really average and overpriced. It's basically just mediocre bar food. The rice balls and fries, however, are quite good. 
I'll be back here to chill and drink and maybe snack on some appetizers. But not for dinner alone.My husband and I had our daughter's birthday party here last month and it was amazing! (She just turned 2 so it was an excuse to have one last adult party for ourselves haha) We had been before for a happy hour to enjoy their great food and drinks, and knew it would be a cool space for a party.  
All of our guests were been raving about the truly unique ambience and delicious food, and we are still hearing about what a great time they had. Our party was on the second floor and was the perfect space- warm, cozy, and inviting- there is no other restaurant like it in the city! 
Ali was great to work with and helped make the planning process so easy, and the rest of the team was wonderful and so accommodating during the event to make sure everything went smoothly. 
I can't say enough wonderful things about Midnight Iris and their amazing team, so if you haven't been yet please do yourself a favor and visit!!!Helped organize a small event in the upstairs area, and the manager Allie (sp?) could not have been more accommodating! 
The food and drinks were fantastic, the space was warm and inviting, and the service was friendly and attentive.  There's also a huge game selection, but we didn't get to take advantage of it this time around. Can't wait to pop in here the next time I'm in the neighborhood!Great local bar. Amazing vegetarian options. Looks like a great spot to have dinner and then hangout upstairs. Super interesting bathroom decor.Midnight Iris (the artist formerly known as Keen) barely needs introduction. It's the perfect neighborhood bar. The atmosphere is cozy (think velvet couches, games, handmade wood finishings, twinkly lighting and gorgeous details) and the food and drink are good, but the standout detail is the staff. Allie, Jamyl, Doris, and the rest of the crew run the most welcoming, friendly, and fun bar imaginable, including original quizzo by Jamyl and regular Sofar shows in house. Management here are clearly doing something very right, as I have never seen such a steady and cohesive staff at any other bar or restaurant. Come for a full sit-down feast with family or swing through for shots - you won't be disappointed!Came here Friday night for the first time and I can't wait to return! The ambiance is super chill, the service is stellar, and the food is delicious! I had the half chicken which was so juicy and tasty. It came with skin on cooked to crisp (not breaded or fried, just baked to perfection). My boyfriend had the house burger which he absolutely loved. 
The upstairs section of this restaurant has a second bar and is set up like cozy living room--there are games of all sorts and good drinks just a reach away. I obviously want this cozy and awesome neighborhood spot to do well and stay around awhile but I also like that it's not overly crowded!Seriously questioning the authenticity of these 5-star Yelp reviews. The rebrand (Keen to Midnight Iris) is literally just a change in the menu items. Clearly the same flawed food concepts and preparations by the same people.  $15-25 for dishes I could throw together myself with a quick trip to any grocery store? They upcharge for tomatoes on a sandwich - 'nuff said. Out of respect for your staff and your investors, shape up the menu for real (total overhaul, new concepts, new suppliers) or just end it already.Friendliest staff (and owners) I've ever met! Best "neighborhood" joint in Philly. Craft cocktails, very comfortable, gorgeously decorated. I try to stop in every time I'm in Philly.BEST place for trivia in the grad hospital area! Only wish they did it more than once a month, we would go every week! 
The food is also delicious and the trivia/happy hour prices are incredible. The last trivia had themed Game of Thrones drinks which was also a very cute touch (and free shots for boosting their visibility or winning a round!!)
All in all, it's a great atmosphere, great food, great price, great staff. Can't wait until next month (and hopefully they will become weekly!!)This place is so cute! Intimate neighborhood bar vibe with friendly employees. They require proof of covid vaccine upon entrance  and all employees are vaccinated. 
Drinks are great and the bartenders are fun! I came here with a group of friends after an event and we had a couple rounds of drinks and some French fries. Everything was great and I can't wait to come back.Friendly service and delicious food. I came here for private event and really enjoyed the food.Pre-Covid, I attended a private gathering celebrating one of my friends accomplishments.  We were able utilize the upstairs area for our private party.  The area was warm and cozy.  There was also a few games available to play for future reference.  There was plenty of areas to sit or stand and socialize.  We even had someone to tend to our party exclusively.  Therefore the drinks and service flowed really well.
I was able to order the wings.  I love spicy and this place had the perfect spice and flavor of wings.  I was thoroughly happy about my food selection and drinks.
Once Covid is under control I would love to patronize this establishment for a hang out and play games or even a private party!This is quickly becoming my favorite neighborhood bar after two recent visits. It's a great place to grab a quick drink or spend a few hours hanging out and playing games over drinks with friends. They have several shelves of various board games (Jenga!) upstairs in a unique homey space. It's never been overly crowded the times I've been there and you can actually have a normal conversation without yelling or straining to hear the other person. There is a bar with traditional bar seating both on the first and second floor and the bartenders I've had are all great. Haven't tried any food here yet but planning to come back soon! They also have a happy hour that I need to check out!Our favorite restaurant in the city. Every meal or app I've had has been great, whether I'm stopping in for a quick bite during the week or a dinner for date night. The drinks are fantastic. Really cool & completely unique decor -- need to see to understand. But its the people that make this place 5 stars. 
Plus, an extremely underrated place to watch Eagles games.