I went to Suburban Station to get something quick to eat, saw the Milkhouse and ended up getting ice cream because i have no self control when it comes to ice cream.   I first had a taste of Sweet and Salty.  There isn't a list of what is in some of the flavors, but I found that  Sweet and Salty had pretzels in it .  Stale pretzels.  Yuck .  Then I tasted one with gingersnaps in it .  Okay but not great .  With the two tastes, I kind of felt locked into a purchase so I impulsively ordered a small cup of Grasshopper.   Well, it was delicious, totally catching me off guard because I did not expect much after the tastes .  It was mint with chocolate cookies strewn in.   It tasted like fresh mint but was still sweet and the base was totally balanced with the cookies.  So, four stars because the Grasshopper ice cream is very good, though I will make sure to taste any other flavor that I get before ordering next time .Very pleasant interior and the one young lady at the counter was very pleasant.  But the food...not great.  I had the philadelphia cheesesteak grilled cheese - described as Rib Eye steak with caramelized onions on sourdough bread.  Sounds delicious right?  What I got was a smattering of hamburger like meat on the most tasteless sourdough mediocre cheese and literally two pieces of onions.  The chicken noodle soup was bland and lukewarm. Surprising since they had just been listed as one of the best places to get soup in Philadelphia.   Who doesn't want to love grilled cheese?  With such a limited menu they had better learn to step up their niche game.Yum! Got the 30th St grilled cheese, which was brie, caramelized onions, and bacon, and it was delicious. A little greasy but that's to be expected. Fast and friendly service.Good grilled cheeses. I should've gotten a milkshake too. Lots of diary here. And they have la colombeThis review is for the 19th Street location, which exceeded my expectations for a quick meal. Prices were absolutely fair for a well-located, casual meal in Rittenhouse Square, and the restaurant was super clean and cute. I'm recently gluten free and was also pleased with how knowledgeable the counter staff was about my options. We had a fabulous carrot ginger soup with a gluten-free Suburban grilled cheese sandwich-- bacon, turkey, and avocado. While I didn't get anything else at this visit, I'm psyched to have a place where I can get a GF breakfast sandwich or GF mac and cheese right in the neighborhood, all at a fair price.I enjoyed my grill cheese and tomato soup. I wish the would of used a different blend of cheeses to make the sandwich that much more enjoyable! But overall I would come back for sure.Yum! Got the 30th St grilled cheese, which was brie, caramelized onions, and bacon, and it was delicious. A little greasy but that's to be expected. Fast and friendly service.Last minute decision to eat before train.  I ordered GC Suburban w/o Avocado, Spice fries, sm Drink.  $10.26 which, for Philadelphia IMO is reasonable.  Ordering was relatively fast, getting food (for Me) was not... took 15 minutes.  Is it because no Avocado?
Sandwich was good, but light on filling (Cheese, Bacon, Tomato.  Bread was thick and nicely grilled.  Fries were great but didn't have time to enjoy and eat all b 4 train.
I would go back.Meh.  I didn't have a milkshake so I can't comment on that. But since all this place makes is grilled cheese I thought it would be awesome.  First of all, it's not made the traditional way - in that it's not actually made on a grill, with butter, etc., you know, the delicious way your mom made them when you were a kid.  These are made on a pannini press, and my sandwich, as I find with most places that use pannini presses, was not hot all the way through.  I had the Roma, which is made with mozzarella and tomato, and both the mozzarella and tomato were still cold. The cheese was not the least bit "gooey" like a grilled cheese is supposed to be. The fries were good though.I really like this place.  I like that it looks stylish in the middle of non-stylish suburban station.  I appreciate the fast working kiosks where you can order and pay in under a minute.  I like the menu, but I can definitely use a few more non-meat options that aren't caprese or just plain cheese.  The bread is perfectly toasted, yet soft, and bread-to-cheese ratio is spot on, but WHYYYY American cheese?  I would like the option to substitute cheddar for American.  I tried the tomato soup which was only $2 extra and nice and salty.  I love salt, so if you don't, you may not like this soup.  They give you goldfish to sprinkle on top of your soup, which is nice touch.  While in line, I was able to sample their fries too - these are delicious and I will be ordering them next time.  I also looked at the variety of ice cream they have, and I was very impressed.  Maybe after winter is over I will give this a try.  The employees seemed happy and friendly.This is a cute little shop in Suburban Station, not too far down from the ticket windows. I don't typically walk towards City Hall, so I would never have noticed it if someone hadn't recommended it to me. 
When we arrived, we were greeted by two friendly and smiling employees and they gave us a few recommendations. My coworker and I had their grilled cheese sandwiches: Classic and the Roma.  She couldn't stop raving about the Roma. The Classic was good too, although I probably should've gotten the Tomato Soup to go with it. I did get the fries with salt and they were very good. They were not too greasy and tasted great with the BBQ Ranch dipping sauce I got. It was a little off-putting they charge for one sauce ($0.75 a sauce). 
For the people who have complaints, I think they were expecting artisan sandwiches, for which they can walk 100 ft more to Dibruno Brothers for that kind of experience. This is not that kind of place. But the sandwiches were yummy and the service was polite, I would definitely return. SIDE NOTE: We tried a sample of the local ice cream and my favorite was the Birthday Cake! I will have to come back and try an actual cup, not a spoonful.I had high hopes for this place. A really cool idea for a much needed place to grab a quick bite between trains. However, both times I went there were significant food quality issues. The first time, I ordered a classic grilled cheese. While the bread was toasted well thanks to the panini machine,  the cheese was barely melted. They also gave me a free sample of the Devils milkshake, which tasted amazing - thus inspiring my second trip. However, when I got my $5, yes $5 Devils milkshake, it had no chocolate chips as the sample did. The fries taste great, but $1 for ketchup. That's Busch league.The Milk House is a fine little breakfast stop. This place has a lot of character to be in a subway station. They have a very simple menu, from which j chose The Rise & Grind (a grilled cheese sandwich that I added turkey sausage to) and oatmeal. The grilled cheese wasn't amazing but certainly wasn't bad, but the oatmeal seems to have had a dash of essence de cardboard--they do give you a bit of brown sugar to add if you like, though. 
Ironically, they don't have milk, but if you don't fault them for that, it's a solid choice for a quick breakfast. Nothing fancy, but made fresh. I've had both better and worse, but it beats always going to Au Bon Pain in subway stations.Wasn't too impress with their classic grilled cheese sandwich, good but average tasting, their French fries are great! Good lunch spotI'm a regular commuter through Suburban Station, and this place is my favorite for grabbing something in the morning. It's quick, the coffee is good, and the food is solid. Nothing that I have had leaves you feeling greasy and sluggish. Also, the staff and owner are very friendly.Only ordered fries and soda and had to wait too long for cold fries. Never again....I give 5 stars for both food and coffee. milkhouse grilled cheese and ice cream is conveniently located in Suburban Station and another downtown locale on 19th st. My review is for Suburban Station. I waited months to try this place. They have the dark roast Corsica from La Colombe which is $1 to "coffee IT" with a breakfast sandwich. They have a wrap if you do not want the delicious country white bread. Also add on pork roll or turkey sausage. For lunch, they have traditional, classic grilled cheese and many varieties, plus salads and ice cream. So, you could get coffee, sandwich, ice cream on the run to your train or work. They are fast and the people who run it are nice. Plus, they have the real coffee lovers desire for a cup of coffee - La Colombe!!!  My new friday breakfast treat is Milkhouse Grilled Cheese and Ice Cream. Thanks!This review is for the coffee only.   Thrilled was I to find another Suburban Station purveyor of La Colombe coffee into which I could quickly pop en route to work (especially convenient when the trains are running late due to weather, leaving no time for a coffee run).  The coffee is as steamy and delicious here as it is at La Colombe's home office.   Intriguingly, the coffee is less expensive than at either the home office or Termini's.  Who doesn't love a bargain!
As noted by my fellow Yelpers, there are no morning lines here, as develop at most of the other coffee shops in Suburban Station.  The sales assistance is helpful and efficient.
Looking forward to trying a signature grilled cheese sandwich one of these days.   Welcome to the neighborhood Milk House!Potato leek soup is good. Please ask for salad dressing on the side. If you attempt to be healthy asking for salad, the amount of dressing they mix it in will completely 180° that decision.Caught a classic grilled American cheese sandwich with tomato from this joint during my lunch break/Starbucks run. It was what I pretty much expected for the price compared to other joints I've been to. If I could increase my rating by half a star, I would for the service and demeanor of the staff. They are happy at what they're doing.Very tasty milkshakes (chocolate and raspberry/CNC) but we didn't sample the grilled cheese.This is a great place for a filling meal, but make sure you allow 20 minutes for your order. On my most recent trip, the only reason I got my food before my train came was because said train was late (after all, it was Septa). A little over $11 for a Roma sandwich, fries, and bottle of water. Tasted delicious. Grab tons of napkins, too.This clean and nicely put together little shop looked promising.  They have pretty good graphic design for their stuff.  So I tried the milkhouse grilled cheese sandwich with a side of tomato soup.
And, well, both were totally adequate.  There's nothing particularly to criticize, but also not much to laud.  I guess I like my grilled cheese sandwiches with a crunchier exterior and a more varied texture than these had.  And a little spicier.  Basically, I know how to make grilled cheese I like better and it looks like I'll continue to do so in the future.  The tomato soup was quite (perhaps overly) creamy and went well with both the sandwich and the gold fish cracker they throw in, but, like a top hat without a magician, would be pretty dull on its own.
Maybe I'll try their ice creams or shakes some day -- those looked good.Really excellent and creamy Mac and cheese, and delicious lemonade. Music and decor was great, really good atmosphere. Would recommend!!I think today was the grand opening and I waited in line and it was so worth it!  The ice cream was so delicious - I had the Pumpkin w/ Gingersnaps, which made a perfect milkshake.  And I got the classic grilled cheese which was really good.  Can't wait to try the Philly steak one.Stopped in for my first time the other day for a grilled cheese with tomato soup. Add on soup to any sandwich is $2, and also option to add a drink for another buck.
With tax, it came to a little less than $7, like $6.90ish or something
The grilled cheese was okay -- but nothing too special ( I got the classic). To be honest, and correct me if I'm wrong -- the cheese tasted similar to kraft's single slices -- so nothing special. I was hoping for higher quality cheese. 
The tomato soup was good, and there's nothing like grilled cheese and tomato soup, a match made in heaven. 
I'd be curious to try their other grilled cheeses, but probably just one more shot and we'll see how that goes.UPDATE:  We made note of our dissatisfactory delivery experience through TryCaviar and the owner himself not only reached out to us to apologize for the incident (and didn't even ponder over whose fault it was- them or the delivery service), but also personally hand-delivered a reorder of our lunch, free of charge.  I love when owners of establishments truly care enough to make amends and ensure customer satisfaction.
With that said, delivery came promptly at 1:00.  Our soup was not only there, but in giant quantities so that we had plenty to go around.  The salad orders were correct with personal requests to take the tomatoes off and the dressing was on the side.  My cheesesteak panini was still delicious.  There were also gooey complementary homemade chocolate chip cookies-YUM.  
And let me tell you- that chicken pot pie green chile soup?  BANGIN'.  I actually dislike chicken pot pie as a dish, but this soup was amazing- creamy but not too heavy, just the right amount of spice, and crispy vegetables a'plenty.  I would go back there just to order a giant vat of that.  The chicken noodle soup was nothing special and a little dry and I still don't like the tomato soup, but between the delicious sandwiches and excellent customer service, I've gotta bump this up to a 5.I have been here before when it was still in it's infancy but haven't come back in a while so my memory of this place was quite distant. . Today was one of those very rare times when I didn't bring lunch so I decided, what the heck? I had seen one of their sandwiches advertised on their chalkboard last week, and boy did it sound enticing (turkey, bacon, cheddar... could it get any better?)
I didn't really plan on getting fries or a drink, but I was familiar with the sandwiches here and knew I might live to regret not making it a combo. In the end, I'm glad I did. Everything came out hot and the parmesan fries were very tasty. 
Minus one star because, though everything tasted great, I'm still not compelled to call their prices "reasonable" - perhaps in this area because it is the high rent district - but I paid $13 for a normal sized sandwich, a little cup of fries and maybe a 16 oz. drink. I don't know if that makes me poor, but I measure everything against how close it is to a sit-down meal at a restaurant and this, for a quick lunch, was nearing it. I would rather pay less for what I got, but that's my biggest gripe. The above-mentioned grilled cheese sandwich was pretty thin but nonetheless quite good.Just had lunch from here, I love it.  I had a regular grilled cheese (american) with an order of fries.  The fries almost reminds me of the fries at 5Guys (less greasy), but very good.  I heard the milk shakes there are good and many varities.  Maybe that will be my Friday treat.I've been to this place in Suburban Station before, but no prior review. Today I was in the mood for a comfort lunch - tomato soup and grilled cheese. Definitely not canned soup; Great tomatoey bits, and well seasoned. The grilled cheese (I added extras of tomato and bacon) was great - melty, gooey cheese. Excellent service. Thank you.great gluten free options. delicious food- everything is great. nice staffThe Milk House was a pleasant addition at Suburban Station.  I have been going there since they opened.  I had the pleasure to meet the owner during the initial few weeks of opening - she was really nice.
I order with the staff who have all been friendly and pleasant each time (although a kiosk is available).
The Milkhouse sandwich is quite good - chicken, Rosemary, Monterey cheese, jalapeno on wheat - I change the bread to sourdough however.  I get the spicy fries too.  There pricing is relatively fair.  
The fries need more spice kick, but good fries. The sandwich was quite good.  I would like to see that a "bread change" costs additional money listed somewhere on the menu.  I was a bit disappointed about that. 
The ice cream is ok.  The milkshakes are high priced for the size.  Some of the ice cream is decent and some is not - you can taste the artificial flavoring the company is using in the ones that are not.  I got a Devils chocolate milkshake or similar and Hershey's chocolate syrup was added to the  shake as they were making it - that was not cool.  It brought the quality down and I'm not interested in paying for Hershey's syrup to be added - ever to a milkshake.
I would like to see them offer a discount to the local college students in that area as many places participate in those types of incentives.  Maybe down the line, a customer card - after so many visits, get something free type thing.
The decor is cool and trendy.  This is a good place to eat in general - they do a few things fairly well and as they mature, I hope they mix up the cheese selection a bit more.
I would try this place out.  It's worth a trip or two or three.The best thing about this place is the $5 milkshake. I had the classic grilled cheese sandwich. I only ate half of it because it was too greasy for me and I was slightly underwhelmed by the sandwich. I enjoyed the fries, but they were kinda salty, came in a tiny cup, and cost $2. 
I would go back for another milkshake, but that's about it.So all's I have to say is...WOW! This place nailed it. They're quick, delicious, and different from all the other places down here. I had the Philly Cheesesteak grilled cheese and potato and leek soup. Holy hell where do I start. The grilled cheese was banging and the soup tastes like home made not prepackaged. 
Needless to say, I'll be back to try the other soups and grilled cheese. Word to the wise, if you travel through Suburban Station you need this in your life.I was in the city on  Friday during Lent.  I saw sign for grilled cheese and soup.  This was yummy lunch and perfect amount of food.  Hard to do simple  food well.   I will be back to try salads.Ive missed happy simple  things such as grilled cheese in my life since having a gluten free diet, but this place does  it on optional GF bread! Amazing FRESH sandwiches and soup. I have yet to try the ice cream...one con: not the quickest place so give yourself enough time during your lunch break, but totally worth it!Stick to the sandwiches! I tried the seasonal salad with chicken. It was blah. The chicken was awful and barely any berries.The decor grabs you in,but honestly I make a better grilled cheese for half the price. This place is over rated with such a limited menu.:(This review is just for breakfast. I Decided to grab a quick breakfast sandwich and head back into work.  I waited about 15 to 20 minutes for a breakfast sandwich and taters. I do not know if the owners are from out of town or not but for suburban station breakfast, where everyone is on the go trying to get to or from work and want to grab a quick bite on their way, that's a pretty long wait.  The oil they fry their taters in has an extremely bad after taste that you might In fact belch up for the remainder of the day which was for me a painful reminder of my early morning mistake. There was also a ton of salt on them which was also unpleasant. The sandwich was greasy and flavorless and made a great addition to my trash can .  For me, the breakfast was waste of time and a waste of money.I had 2 experiences at this place. 
1st time-
Waited for my sandwich and it took so long so I never got it and had to catch a train.
2nd time-
Breakfast sandwich was good.
3rd time- 
I got the Cubano and had no meat on it. I know places try to skim on meat but I could barely find any on the bread. It was sad for 8 bucks.
I know your going to franchise these but please step up the service. I would offered a free sandwich and put more meat on the sandwich.I ordered delivery from here through TryCaviar since coworkers ordered it the week before and were pleased.  This time, however, there were some issues with our orders.
Delivery took close to an hour, which was fine (I don't really expect otherwise during the busy lunch hour), but the order was messed up.  For that wait time, I wouldn't really expect mistakes.  
For one, 3 of us ordered soups with our meals (at an extra cost) and the soup never came.  By the time we got the order, reviewed it, called back and had them redeliver the soups (since reimbursing us wasn't going to help because we all split it-plus, we wanted our soup!), it was another full hour, by which time I was not even in the mood for it.  When all was said and done, my tomato soup wasn't even good.  I know that they're going for that roasted tomato bisque style, but something just didn't set right with me flavor-wise and I ended up throwing 3/4 of it away.   Plus, the measly biscuit and 5 goldfish weren't enough to soak up the broth.  My coworker, however, loves their tomato soup-so this could all be subjective. 
The salads came with the dressing already dousing the lettuce, instead of on the side.  When delivering, I would at least expect the dressing in little cups.  One coworker ordered her salad without tomatoes and it arrived with tons of cherry tomatoes on it, so she had to pick them out.
I got the cheesesteak grilled cheese and THAT was really delicious, which is why I at least gave it 3 stars.  It was perfectly seasoned and filled with gooey, cheesy goodness and caramelized onions and  all wrapped up in toasty, crunchy, but still soft to bite bread- kind of like a panini.  
I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and maybe attribute the missing soup to TryCaviar-perhaps the delivery driver brought them somewhere before or after us on accident, or forgot to check while at the restaurant that they were, in fact, included in the order.  Because that panini/grilled cheese was so damn good, I wouldn't say I'll never visit again.  Maybe next time I'll just go in the place.The cupcake ice cream is delicious! On weekends I order the Diablo without the chicken. During the week I order the Roma and fries!Had the Diablo grilled cheese and the spicy fries. Excellent! The Suburban station spot is cozy and busy, which is to be expected. The staff are attentive and quick.Great pit stop after a day on our feet. Superb grilled cheese and cheese fries. Cute shop.I have visited their 19th street location many times, but because of the rain today I thought this would be a better option. I am so happy that I did decide to! The food was great but what really did it was the service. The cashier that took my order did not take it properly and my sandwich had mayo on it, which I asked to have it removed. When I returned my sandwich after my first bite, I spoke with the manager and he quickly apologized, had a new one made, with a fresh soup, and came to check on me and the rest of my party to make sure we were ok. Mistakes happen, but thank you so much for the quick and seamless recovery and turning the experience around. That is what hospitality and the service industry is about. Thank you!I just happen to stumble upon milkhouse the other day on my lunch break. (This is now my favorite lunch spot) I ordered at the counter and the man who took my order was very pleasant!! I ordered a salad and fries and a drink, came out to be about 10ish bucks (not bad). I sat down they brought it out to me. The salad was great and the fries were amazing! I highly recommend the Parmesan fries!!! It's a great spot for lunch! I will be exploring more of the menu in future visits. For sure a five stars. I have no complaintsGot a simple vanilla milkshake, which reminded me of the old handmade ones I had as a kid.  The gentleman helping me had me sample a black and white shake as well as the pumpkin gingersnap ice cream. Both were excellent. I will be trying lunch and breakfast soon.Everytime I come I get the roma its very good with the garlic parm fried cant go wrong yes it will fill you up, they are down inside suburban train station.Not too sure what I think about this place. Located underground, near Suburban Station. 
Who wouldn't love a place that sells grilled cheese sandwiches. And not just one kind of grilled cheese.
I order the the Milkhouse...which is grilled cheese w/chicken and jalepeno. While all the individual components of the sandwich were great, when together, they seem to be missing something. The bread was well toasted/grilled, it had enough cheese, not too light or heavy on the chicken...but something was missing to make it amazing. And the fact that the sandwich alone was over $7. Not really impressed.
However, the french fries were amazing. But they too were overpriced, for the small cup that you get.
This is the one restaurant that I feel neutral about. Not sure if I would make the effort to go back, but if I'm nearby, would def get some more french fries....the garlic parm ones.Was excited to try this place but, it was not worth it. I think I had better grilled cheese at a diner. It tasted more like a panini then a grilled cheese. I ordered the Milk House Grilled Cheese......I was thinking this would be their signature and best.I wanted to like this place but ended up disappointed. I can make a better grilled cheese at home, staff was meh and I can get better soup for less money at wawa. Don't think I need to go back again.Writing this review as I eat a sandwich from this place. This is my first time here and loved the food (Fresh) and a customer service I received from a girl at the register. She also talked bout $1 coffee they have. I will be back for more.I love the Tomato Soup.  Problem is the staff plays inappropriate rap music in the store using F word and the N word.I've gotten the Caesar salad from here. It's pretty good. Always made fresh to order and the portion is a good size. But I look at other people's food when I'm here (food creeping) and everything always looks amazing. Staff is really nice too. Today I  had their grilled cheese and fries. Wow ! One of thee best grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever had and I'm drooling over their spicy fries.I've gotten the Caesar salad from here. It's pretty good. Always made fresh to order and the portion is a good size. I'll probably bump them up to 5 stars once I have their grilled cheese. I look at other people's food when I'm here (food creeping) and everything always looks amazing. Staff is really nice too.If this review were based solely on food it would be 4 or 5 stars since the food is always tasty unfortunately this review accounts for service and food. I have always enjoyed the food here, in particular their breakfast offerings but almost every time that I get something I encounter an issue with service. Sometimes little issues, sometimes bigger issues and almost always they have been resolved to my satisfaction however it is really becoming quite annoying to actually avoid this ordering food because I anticipate an issue of some sort such as slow service for example. The incident that occurred today by itself would not be enough to compel me to write a negative review however it was the last straw. I walk by and see the place very empty so I decide its safe to order my usual (a lemonade and fry combo). I place my order and sit back and wait for my food. A couple minutes after I place my order another customer comes in an orders the same item. Several more minutes go by and I still don't have my food so I start to look curiously to see if they are almost ready. I see a person moving very slowly and he is making fries. He puts an order of fries together, places them in a cup, puts the unwrapped cup  on another counter and then proceeds to slowly make another order of fries. The unwrapped fries sit for another 2 or 3 minutes getting cold and ignored by every worker that passes by them. At this point there are more staff then customers and those lonely fries are still sitting there getting cold. I approach the counter and ask if they are my fries and another worker starts to finally wrap up the order. He takes the receipt and calls out the order number of the woman who placed her order several minutes after I originally placed mine. Not only is the person working the fry station so careless that he leaves fries unattended and unwrapped for several minutes, he is not able to properly manage orders and make food in the order that it is received. Different cooking times might have an effect on the order in which food comes out but not when each person has gotten the same thing. At this point in time I asked for my money to be refunded. The owner who is always friendly, did not waste any time in giving me my refund and a free lemonade and I regret that I feel compelled to write this review but as I mentioned in the beginning it is based on these annoyances occurring on multiple visits. If you have unlimited time and more patience then myself perhaps you would enjoy the food because that part is always good.I've order this on the app Ritual and got a $5 off on the first purchase. The pick-up was pretty fast and it was ready for me when I've arrived to the location which, was fast then the pick-up time on the app. The grilled cheese itself was good. I've never really though a grilled cheese could be made like the way they do. It's a good snack but it doesn't really fill you up.awesome food and shakes.  The breakfast is awesome, but make sure that you add pork roll.Went to the new location on 19th St.  Don't let the name fool you, you can have a good meal here even if you don't like dairy (I am sad for you though).  The Milk House serves soups, salad, fries, grilled cheese sandwiches, breakfast items, ice cream, shakes, and more.  You can go classic "grilled cheese and tomato soup" or try something with more flair like the grilled pound cake and ice cream.  The prices are reasonable (especially for Center City), staff is friendly; the space is clean and cozy.  The line gets long quickly around the lunch rush.  So, go on the early side if you want to get a table.Love the breakfast sandwiches here. Have tried both and they are really good and a change from Dunkin Donuts. Take a little longer to prepare but taste better then anything else I've had for breakfast at Suburban.So I pride myself on my own homemade grilled cheese, and if I'm going to pay someone $6.25 for one, it better be amazing. Although it wasn't terrible, I can't say it was amazing either. I ordered the combo "The Roma" a grilled cheese with mozzarella,  tomato, pesto and basil and a tomato soup for a total of $8.25. I'll say this, "The Roma", was the only sandwich on the menu that did not have yellow square cheese on it. American, cheddar and pepper jack, all yellow and square. Probably the artificial individually wrapped kind. I really expected more from a place that specialized in grilled cheese.  
 While there I debated on getting fries instead of soup for a while, but thought I was making the "healthier option". I totally regretted my decision as soon as I tried the soup. The consistency was odd, but the taste was worse. It seriously tasted the a saltier, thicker version of Campbells condensed tomato soup. What made me regret my soup decision even more was that after actually looking at the menu I noticed they have 3 different types of fries with 4 different types of dipping sauces! Unfortunately the only menu they have when you walk in is a digital menu above. Besides the fact that my eyes are shot, the digital menu changes every 30 seconds. There were a couple laminated menus by the register. One of my biggest pet peeves....I hate when people that cook food in front of you don't pull their hair back. I mean it should always be done, but especially if you are inviting people to watch you cook their food. Probably not a good idea to leave your shoulder length hair falling into peoples soup.I got the cheese steak grilled cheese. So good. Better then some of the actually cheese steaks I've had around here. 
I do feel it's a little ballsy charging $5 for a milk shake. I doubt I'll be trying on for that price.This grilled cheese/ice cream spot is located in Suburban Station, under the Comcast Center.
Came here for a post-lunch dessert.
I ordered: Happy Birthday Cake Shake [$7.25]
This shake comprises of cake batter ice cream with grilled yellow cake and rainbow jimmies mixed in. 
When you suck in through your straw, you get chunks of yellow cake, which is soft and fluffy and the chewy sprinkles, combined with the cake batter ice cream tastes like a sugary birthday party in my mouth.
Although a tad overpriced for a milkshake of that size.  Milkhouse is definitely a solid milkshake spot if you're around Logan Square area.Best breakfast sandwich I've ever eaten, and I've eaten a LOT of breakfast sandwiches. 
The eggs were fluffy and the cheese was melty and the panini pressed crunched perfectly when I bit it, and the tots were hot and wow. Try this- way better than gross toasted Dunkin "eggs". 
My only regret is that I was too hungry to take a food picMeh. It's pretty much as basic as you can get. I got the grilled cheese with bacon and a side of tomato soup. The bread cut open the top of my mouth because it was too hard from using the panini press. I guess it's better than soggy bread, but still a pretty uncomfortable aftermath. Tomato soup was average too, but I guess you can't really do much about that. It's pretty cheap which is nice. The soup and grilled cheese was a little over $7, pretty good for center city. It was packed, probably because it's one of the few decent places down there and because it's new. In no rush to go back.I left the office in search of a healthy smoothie and came back with a jalapeno grilled cheese from Milkhouse. No regrets. A coworker dragged me there. Okay, not really. He said "grilled cheese" and it only took a half a block for me to change my mind about the smoothie.
My first visit to Milkhouse was pleasant. I skipped the social interaction and used their kiosk iPad set up to choose my food and pay. Once they called my number, I was handed a cup for soda and a slightly greasy bagged sandwich. "This looks small." But now that I'm back at my desk, half way through the sandwich and writing up this review... I'm worried I might not be able to eat the rest of this gooey deliciousness until later.
I ordered the jalapeno grilled cheese. Unfortunately I have the memory of a goldfish and their menu isn't available on their website so I'll have to wing the ingredients. I'm going with cheese, turkey and jalapenos on wheat. I'm not sure what kind of cheese so let's just say it's the kind that melts nicely and tastes like heaven.
In total, I spent a little over $8 for a sandwich and soda. My coworker was suckered into a tiramisu milkshake for $5. He would like me to add that it tastes great but the chunks of tiramisu get caught in the straw.Good spot for something besides your average grilled cheese. Love getting the Brie grilled cheese on multi grain bread. Seems they are only open for lunch hours though on weekdays, would love to see them have some extended hours! Overall delicious thoughFor roughly $5.00 I had a 16 oz La Columbe coffee and a classic grilled cheese. Considering this is a "meal" I did not find it pricey especially for La Columbe coffee. If  I wanted to add bacon or tomato that would have upped the price a bit.  The staff was very friendly and asked me if I wanted to sample the ice cream.  I did try a small sample of the salted caramel which was quite tasty - - but I am not really an ice cream person so this was somewhat lost on me.  They seemed to have a lot of "exotic" flavors and the traditional vanilla and chocolate options were surprisingly absent. I think for the money this is a fine option to grab a bite to eat while you wait for a train, but given that grilled cheese is their speciality I would have expected it to be a bit tastier. The cheese used to make it tastes like a combination of kraft singles and velveeta. It is disappointing when you go to a restaurant and you feel like you can make their signature dish for better and cheaper yourself.With that said though, I will be back  but most likely only for the la columbe coffee.Coming from the dentist I was looking forward to a grilled cheese and some soup. Their grilled cheeses are always spot on, but the chicken noodle was not very good. A good chicken noodle is supposed to be made with egg noodles not ditalini pasta (which would make it a chicken pasta soup) and the chicken was cooked way too long making the chicken pieces hard and flavorless. It was disappointing as everything else is always pretty good. Won't get that soup again.Very cool place! Very clean and love the service A+.   Went on Monday Oct 31st.  Wish I got the young lady's name who was our server she was great.   Love the Tomato Soup very good and unique flavor.  If I had a wish it would be for a small pickle to come with the griiled cheese.I work close to the Suburban Station so it usually is my go to for a quick lunch. However, I  stroll pass Milkhouse during lunch because the line is out the door. Today, I took my lunch later than usual and found the place nearly empty. Why not have a grilled cheese?
First off, the prices are fair and the menu does offer about 5 options for grilled cheese. I ordered the Milkhouse grilled cheese with a side of Parmesan fries. I will start with the fries, since that is what I ate first: so-so. By "so-so" I mean they were alright. I would not boast about them as a must have from the menu. Second, the sandwich was good. Have a tried better? No. Have I tried worse? Yep. 
The service was pleasant and efficient and when I am in the mood, I might try their milkshakes...or breakfast...or grilled pound cake with ice cream. Getting hungry already. Haha!Grilled cheese is a sandwich that's pretty basic to make.  So if I'm going to pay for a professional to make one, I'm going to have high expectations.  And I gotta say, this place didn't deliver.
First of all, the staff, cleanliness, service and organization - all great.  Cashiers were taking orders with a smile and cooks were making the food with pride.
But the menu is what bothers me.  Yellow American cheese? I could get that anywhere - What makes their classic grilled cheese better than the various food carts out here? Now if they had better cheese options, like gruyere or Brie, (or heck, I'm good with Swiss), then they've got a competitive advantage. But because they only offer 4 basic types of cheeses amongst 5 sandwiches (and I really hate yellow American cheese), I don't see myself returning unless that changes. I mean, my classic was cooked well - wasn't too greasy, and a slice of tomato for fifty cents was money well spent, but nothing to rave about. 
I really enjoyed the fries, and they do have fancy sauces for an additional $1 if you're feeling adventurous (I wasn't). But fries alone aren't the star product here.
And maybe this place isn't a grilled cheese place, but an overall milk place (as the name suggests.)  I didn't try their milkshakes, so maybe that's the star product I need to try.  Until they get better sandwich options, the milkshake will have to wait.I have tried this place several times and have been disappointed each time. Crew us disorganized and the quality doesn't match the prices. No more.Amazing grilled cheese, sauces and parm fries! Perfect comfort food. Tomato soup perfect levels of acidity2 slices of bread and 2 slices of yellow (likely Kraft) singles.  Cost ~ $.30   . . paid $4.25.  No thanks. . .To the person working at Suburban Station Milk House last night who refused to make me a Gluten Free sandwich....I usually have problems finding a restaurant,  but NEVER have I run across such a lazy person.  So sad....you advertise GF, make the sandwich man.  Avoid this dumpI passed by this place in Suburban Station on my way to work so I tried the breakfast scrambler (no tots) and for $4 (and change) it was fine - nothing orgasmic - but the bacon was nice and crispy.  Not enough tomato, even though I asked for extra tomato in lieu of the tots.
Would not rush back here.
Service was medium (not fast, not slow - a few minutes to make it fresh - do not come if you are rushing).  Guy behind the counter was very nice.First time here after seeing it for yrs. Got the scrambler. It was different but good. The service was not. To much chatter instead of making food.I have mixed feelings for milk house. First the staff is always so friendly and pleasant. The grilled cheese is delicious and reasonably priced. However, the soups I have tried have not been delicious. I am not a fan of their tomato soup. Which is a problem because grilled cheese and tomato soup is the ultimate combo! My second issue is the wait time. Again, the staff is so friendly but they always seem overwhelmed. I recently went at 2:30 pm thinking the lunch crowd was over. I was waiting 25 mins for just a grilled cheese when I started complaining.  I recommend the grilled cheeses. It's nice having an option right in the train station. 
3.5 stars but I roundedI have loved grilled cheese ever since I realized that it could be more than two sad slices of Kraft singles on plain white bread, so when I heard about Milk House, I was pretty excited. I've loved just about ever other grilled cheese place in the city. 
I stopped by for lunch on a weekend and the place wasn't terribly busy. I ended up ordering the Diablo, some spicy house fries, and split a mocha milkshake with my friend. The service was super friendly. They even split the milkshake up into two separate cups for us to take away. The food --okay. Nothing too special. My grilled cheese wasn't as cheesy as I expected it would be, and it was more of a sandwich melt than a grilled cheese. The fries were also okay. They tasted pretty similar to Five Guys fries. The shake -- pretty awesome. It was creamy, sweet, and perfectly blended. 
Essentially: 3 for the food, 4 for the shake, overall pretty okay. I'd come back to only get their milkshakes.