Very OK.  The beer was good. The food was good, but overpriced for what it was.  Would come here again, but only for happy hour.Great service and good food.  Fun times upstairs. Bartenders were great.  Very helpful.  They accommodated our party of 8 with no problem when we had to leave Hurricane Alley because they had a limited menu and the waitstaff was not helpful.Good food & drinks! Cool atmosphere, chill vibe. Bar tenders could have been more attentive.Good beer, bartender that should be fired for simply treating customers like crap (unless he thinks he can get in your pants). That about sums up my Tuesday night.I've been to the upstairs for shows more than I've been downstairs. Large beer selection. Attentive bartenders. If they over sell upstairs you're packing in like sardines. And even with all the windows open, on a hot summer night you can roast up there when it's crowded. Good sound system.
Have had a meatball sammie downstairs, nice touch with the long hots. Food prices are on par with the neighborhood. Downstairs is much brighter and more refined.Just generally shocked about my experience tonight. Both of the bartenders were visibly intoxicated which is fine until well below sub par service is given. How could I tell you may ask? Well the blond haired bartender seemed pretty eager to take his shirt off or doing a dance move you'd have to ask him. The other couldn't remember an order for a beer and makers mark and instead gave me Jameson???? As a former bartender it's pretty sad to see terrible service in a pretty cool bar.Service here was some of the worst I've ever seen. We sat at our table for twenty minutes before she brought us menus and took our drink order, and after she brought out our drinks (my drink was wrong) we had to flag her down half an hour later just to order food. She then disappeared for the last half hour, so we ended up having to go up to the bar to ask for our check. 
If the food were good I'd be willing to give Milkboy another chance, but my meal was just ok.Had quick bite with hub on the way to watch the show. Shared wings and nacho. Price was cheap and snacks were ok. If they had in NYC I would give them more star for sure. Bar foods in NYC are mostly inedible. But in Philly some bar foods are better than restaurants. This place is below average in Philly.Our bartender Max is awesome. The breeze is perfect. I love my Moscow Mule (discounted for happy hour) and the Brussels with pineapple Sriracha are the bomb. Great experience thus far, so good that I had to tell yelp. So good that in this picture the bowl is empty. Second pic is BBQ chix sand w up charge for these perfect Maryland crab friesI had no idea there was a Milkboy location on South Street. This location should make sure they are getting hits on Google Maps. When I searched 'Milk Boy' only the other location showed up. I came on Sunday night for some drinks and to watch an open mic night. The bar upstairs is a great time and the staff was very quick. The bar was completely full and the bartenders made sure we never had an empty glass. Next time I will definitely try out the food!First I would like to mention how impeccable the service was. My serve, who I can't remember his name unfortunately, was very attentive and came back serval times to make sure I was pleased with my food. 
The reason I gave it three stars was because I ordered a cheeseburger and cheese fries and wasn't really pleased by the taste. Burger was tasteless, like they took it out the box and fried it... no seasoning or anything. I guess the fries were okay seeing as though it was just cut up potatoes not French fries. 
My food came out in a very reasonable time so I was happy with that. I would recommend this place just order something else.Went here with friends. Service was phenomenal. Got the bbq wings and Korean bbq sandwich. The wings were pretty good, but the sauce was very light in terms of flavor. The sandwich was okay, not too sure if it went together, but i don't like warm kimchi in anything other than soup. I love their fries though! Overall, food was okay, but the service and atmosphere was awesome!Looks cool, and it's in a walkable spot, but didn't appreciate the vibe of the staff. Controlling bouncer that apparently kicked people out for no reason on a unique event night. Music was interesting and on point but the clientele was very interactive like I'd hope at a bar. 
Small shot glasses, but somewhat a cheap city wide if you're in need of one.So good! Went with a group of 6 for lunch and everyone LOVED their food. I had the BBQ chicken sliders and was super impressed! Nice beer selection and service was great. I will definitely be back soon!This was the first time i've been to Milkboy. I have to say, I really enjoyed the ambiance. The server was very friendly and quick to get and refill our drinks. The food was delicious, I got the Burrito, It was really good. I was reallly liking the place...until I went into the bathroom. The Bathroom is disgusting, The bathroom was full of flies, I mean like TOTALLY full of flies and the toilet didn't have a lid. it was a piece of wood that had grafitti all over it and didn't even cover the tank. I don't know if they think thats trendy or what. I was completely grossed out. If you cant keep your bathroom clean, I wonder about the quality of the kitchen.Excellent soup and finger food.  Great location, but I also wish they would expand the menu just a tad.My experience at MilkBoy on a lazy Saturday in July has a lot to be desired. We arrived a little after three, certainly after the lunch crowd with no more than 10 people (if that) in the establishment. Our party ordered soft drinks and sandwiches and waited an HOUR for our food to be served. We asked the the waitress several times and she continued to tell us "it's coming, it's coming" Once we finally got our food it wasn't up to par. The fried chicken sandwich was way over fried. And one smoked bourbon turkey was ordered asking for chili mayonnaise on the side but the sandwich had mayo on it. Apparently there was something going on in the kitchen, was there even anyone in the kitchen? I say this because patrons who came in after us (20-30 min) received their food right away. Leaving me to believe that there was no one was in the kitchen, that we were experiencing the big stall. While they found someone to cook. So I give MilkBoy a big fat zero, they may good ratings for happy hour but that's only drinks. Food is food.Excellent drinks but terrible service at least when I went. I've had good experiences here before but midday on a Saturday, it wasn't great. The bartender was incredibly inattentive and rude. In fact she told me a drink that I wanted to order wasn't available, only for me to see another bartender make it for another patron less than 45 minutes later.Cool bar. Great drinks. Pretty laid back and a good place to meet with friends for drinks or a bite.  Service is really good.  Dan is hysterical.
Food is really good.  The Korean BBQ Steak sandwich will change your life!Only here for a few minutes but they hit the spot (at the right time) with their "Waiting Room" drink, which is essentially alcoholic mint chocolate milk. HOW COULD THIS BE BAD?Great bar and music venue in Center City. Their house Old Fashioned with Rittenhouse Rye is worth a try (no rhyming intended). Decent selection of local and craft beers. During the winter they have warm cocktails which are great when its 25 outside and you can't bring yourself to drink a cold beer. Glass garage doors open up on warm nights.I stopped by with a group of friends during their third shift happy hour and was pretty disappointed. We sat down at a table and no waitress ever came by. My friend had to get up and ask her to bring us a menu after we'd been sitting for about 20 minutes. She then came by take our drink orders, and returned 15 minutes later with Half of our drinks and forgot what else we ordered. We also had to hound her down to try to get some food ordered. Midway through eating, my friend found a piece of hair in her fries and after I finished my donuts, my friend spotted a hair in my donut sauce. Overall poor service and way too much hair in the food!After a great concert night and fun times, what a great place for the Hangover Burger and a Bloody Mary!  Just a great hole in the wall neighborhood bar n grill.  Excellent food and service.  Place gets packed at noon time but fun!friendly bartenders, ok drinks, but the hot wings are incredible! crispy but not dry.Alright let's take a journey, shall we? We went to milkboy on a nice summer night with the best of expectations and all three of us left very disappointed. The service was sloooowwww. Sat down and only got two menus for the three of us, when the waitress saw us crowding each other to share the menu, she didn't bring a third. Ordered drinks, they came eventually and mine was disgusting and too strong. That's not the restaurants problem, but rather my mistake. I pushed it to the side and ordered something new. The waitress said nothing. Eventually she asked if she could take away the first drink and I said yes, I didn't like it, I had made a mistake. I figured it would be taken off the bill, but I was wrong. They charged for both, $18 down the drain. We sat there for about 20 minutes and finally she came back to check on us to see if we needed more drinks, we had to ask if we could order food and oddly enough she turned to go back inside and completely skipped my friends order...weird. I don't think the waitress was trying to be rude, but was just slow and aloof. Finally the food comes, my one friend's burger is wrong.. my pork tacos ($13) were awful! Boring, small and falling apart. We all left dissatisfied with the food completely. My friend asked for a soda refill and it never came...Ugh! Come here to sit outside and drink, not for the food or service.i'm a big fan of these bar/coffee experiences. milkboy is pretty dope, and is the bright spot in that 11th & chestnut corridor. love their chip-style french fries, and the open air feel.I hit up Philly this weekend to get away from NYC for a few and stumbled upon Milkboy while strolling around. I like a good, strong cup of coffee and thankfully, didn't have to settle for D&D across the street. 
Walked in expecting a coffee bar but was happily surprised to see an actual bar, it was the middle of the day (Monday) and a couple patrons were having drinks. I ordered a cappuccino which was perfect! Perfect balance of expresso and foam. I asked for a shot of liquor in it but then wouldn't have been able to take it to go...oh well. 
The staff was very friendly and welcoming! Really nice vibe and cool space. I'd def come back to check out a show next time i'm in town.not sure what their eat-in is like, but their to-go is a total ripoff! i ordered their citrus salad & tomato bisque & for $16 i got a *half* of a small coffee cup's worth of soup & 2 (loosely packed) cups of salad consisting of bagged field greens, cucumbers, onions, orange slices, croutons, 1/10 of a grilled chicken breast (if that) & a tiny ramekin of dressing which was more oil than anything else. i don't mind small portions, but not for so-so food for such a high price! live & learn....fuel from now on.Working in Center City, MilkBoy is a very convenient location for a centrally located happy hour. They have decent deals ($2 off beer, wine and specialty cocktails) and a fairly large drink menu. I have never eaten food here but friends I have been there with have and they usually say it is "ok". Service is spotty, I have had maybe one attentive server any time I have been there but most of the time I find myself waiting 5-10 minutes for an introduction/menu and asking for the check while ordering my last drink because you never know how long it will take them to get it to you. The one specialty cocktail, the skinny colada, is AMAZING and worth going to MilkBoy just for that!Excellent coffee and hot sauce for breakfast, but in inspired omelet and the toast had a hint of kitchen disinfectant. Cool venue.  Potential for greatness..Pretty cool place and good choice of drinks. The cocktail I had (Sojo) was ok but not anything special. The service was helpful and friendly and the music was good. A good place to go for a drink after a meal but probably wouldn't go for more than one drink."Meh" is probably the best way to describe this place. A $12 old fashioned on their specialty menu manages to be competent, but no better than any other competent old fashioned I've had anywhere else in the world: if it were $5 cheaper, I'd say it was reasonable. Similarly, $5 Yuenglings aren't exactly reasonable. Now, I'd expect this from a strict concert venue (I've certainly bought my share of $5 dreck beers), but I was at least listening to music at the time when I was drinking something I'd normally walk past. Here, I walked in at eight and asked when the music might start playing. I was told in an hour or so, and so I thought "Ok, I'll have a couple drinks and wait for the music to start." Around 70 minutes later, I hear that the music doesn't start for another 50 minutes, and decide to put a stop to the hemorrhaging of my wallet on overpriced booze.
About the only nice thing I can say is that their downstairs music selection is good.A quick bite to eat be for Auto Show. The meatballs were delicious.. friends tried the chicken sandwich and the Korean BBQ that were equally delicious. Overall a nice experience.So appreciative of their lack of cherry vodka and the vast array of canned beer. 5 stars all the way;) best bartenders in the city.The best bar on the city with the absolute BEST staff!!! I always feel at home at Milkboy!Cool music venue spot.  I didn't eat here but spent the night upstairs seeing some awesome local music.  
Few things to know... the bar is cash only and the bathrooms (upstairs) are gross. Just letting you know.This is a great spot to enjoy drinks with friends! I had an excellent time for my first visit with my friend who dubs this as his 'favorite bar in Philly'. I plan to come back soon. In the summer it's an open air bar because the side of the building are garage doors that are open. Of course weather permitted they will close them. 
Upstairs is a music venue but we didn't check that out. Instead we had a few drinks at the bar downstairs! The music that was played downstairs was excellent. It was a selection of rock music and for the hour or two that I was there I can honestly say I liked every song that came on. 
I ordered the Fireball + Cider drink for $9 and I enjoyed every sip. It was served in a mason jar which made it extra special! This is a mixed drink that tasted like cinnamon apple juice for grown ups! Yummy. I think the drink was worth the money because the establishment is very nice. 
Kevin was our bartender and he was really nice and kept making sure that we had what we needed if our glasses were empty! See you soon.My Friend and I were in town seeing Guns N Roses at Lincoln Financial Field and we're looking for a place to eat and have some drinks this place was a no Brainer. This being my first time I couldn't wait. 
This place is Awesome! I mean really Awesome!  From the first step in the door I knew it was gonna be great. Metallica was playing on the radio, The staff were on point and very friendly it was the great vibe. The beer menu was amazing,I got a Yards Pynk and then i looked at the menu and was mesmerized by the all the creations from the Roasted Zucchini Hummus with pickled es Cauliflower , Pork Belly Grilled Cheese and the BBQ Chicken sliders with  Butter Pickles . I could have easily spent the whole night here trying everything on the menu. Bill and his staff are amazing Great job! I'll definitely be back with friends.  If you're in the city this is a must try.The server was nice but the food took a little long for hummus to come out but it was good and the turkey sandwich was delicious. I'll be back.Great people watching spot on South Street. Love all the small bites , and Jess makes the best martinisI usually don't give 5 stars, but wow..the food here was so good!  The bartenders were all very friendly and prompt.  Prices were good considering its South Street.  
The only issue I had was trying to get up the stairs since I'm partially disabled, but the strong handrails help.I came here with a few friends after dinner and I never felt so uncomfortable at a bar. The bartender Jessica started off the night by chasing down, and giving my boyfriend attitude because she did not see the cash sitting on the bar. My boyfriend was frustrated because he walked outside to smoke to be welcomed back by someone accusing him of not paying. We continued to stay there for another drink as we intended. This was a HUGE mistake, we were planning on tipping her at the end even after all the dirty looks she consistently gave us. Another friend spilled his beer accidentally, and she immediately refilled his beer. Then she looks at him and goes by the way it's $8 in the most condescending tone. He paid with his credit card and went to tip with cash and when he nicely mentioned he didn't order that she VERY rudely states "yeah well your party didn't tip the whole night." Then continued to give us attitude. Idk how the food is but if you are coming here to have a few drinks make sure you tip right away or feel the wrath. This was hands down the most uncomfortable experience so good luck!Really chill place. Great music selection. $5 shots, good beer selection and good food. Definitely stop by here.Wasn't that great at all. Cheeseburger was pretty small and I asked for medium rare and it was more like well done. Also, the waitress was pretty rude and could barley even fake a smileI was a bit surprised by this Milkboy as the one in Ardmore is so different. This milkboy is more of a bar, less of a coffee shop/entertainment venue. Either way, i still ordered a latte which was surprisingly good. My hubby got a couple of beers and was overall surprised by their selection. It was a Sunday so the place was packed with football fans, and surprisingly from the opposing team. They have lots of TV's to keep everyone happy on a Sunday.I love this place. I've never eaten there, only a few drinks. Always great, lesser known bands.MilkBoy has medical-themed cocktails like "the Doctor" and "the Pharmacist" to cater to the MD hopefuls across the street, and that pretty much sums this place up.
MilkBoy the bar is a very simple bar that serves as a watering hole for weary Jefferson students; they have a selection of wines, hard liquor and what appears to be a very lackluster rotation on tap with a few "craft beers" injected into their for shits and giggles.
Also the bar is very loud. It might be something I would have enjoyed back when I was still in under/postgrad, but whereas my idea of a bar is some place I want to stay and enjoy a drink while contemplating my surroundings for a long time, this place seems to cater more to those whose objectives are more inclined towards leaving the bar for a risque night on town.
I can see how MilkBoy might appeal to crowds of a certain distinction, but it's really not my cup of tea.Hannah and Rachel are the actual greatest things ever. I love them So much and they will provide the best serviceA must if you're looking for an affordable bar in Philly! Always have had awesome service and the best drinks. You can't beat $5 shots! Definitely worth the visit. You won't be disappointed!OK, so, apparently only some of the staff know what's what about coffee.
Which is OK because this place is more of a restaurant/bar/music venue and less of a coffee shop. Plenty of actual coffee shops nearby.
I'll let you know that I've also decided that I don't like their house blend. Not that it's bad coffee, it's just that the roast is too dark for me. Should be fine for those of you who like dark roasts. If and when I get coffee from this here Milkboy, I'll stick with the rotating coffee of the week (usually a lighter roast).Sitting with the open front, good music, citywide special. I like this placeAwesome beers. Huge selection. Good burgers. Don't get why the name is what it is a but I don't care because my time there was great. A friend and I went for dinner around 8 and it was packed - we grabbed the last seats and ordered our drinks/food immediately since we were starving. It took about 45 minutes for our food to arrive, but it was totally worth the wait. The burger was juicy and flavorful, and the fried chicken sandwich was recommended to me by waitress - great suggestion, btw. It had spices in the batter which gave it a nice flavorful crunch. Would love to get that recipe chef! Overall, very good experience, nice staff, def recommend for small groups of friends/dates.Fun place with great music. Great selection of beers in cans. Small but good selection on tap. The food menu looks nice but we really only wanted beer.Service was slowish, the drink I had was good but not great, and it's a packers bar. So it just left a 'not as good as I thought' feeling. Maybe it deserves a second shot.I really really want to like this place so much more. It's close to home, it's a cool space and the bartenders/servers are super nice.
My neighbor and I went last night after realizing our go-to bar's kitchen was closed for renovations. It was late (10:30ish), our options with food were limited so this is where we landed. 
Outside they were advertising their comedy night which I attended once and was underwhelmed. 
Bartender was super friendly but it felt like he was struggling to make conversation...mostly he talked about titos and how it's their most popular vodka...isn't that true with any $-$$$ bar? I dunno I thought it was silly.
They have a super small menu that is pretty quirky. Lots of options for fries..one salad, a few sandwiches etc. I've had the cubano, the fried chicken sandwich and wings. All are underwhelming. Last night I had the cubano which was missing mustard so was pretty bland but whatevs it was late and I just needed to eat something. 
I will say it's pretty awesome you can dine in and order a Jim's cheesesteak from across the street without standing in line. Not something I would do..but its a pretty great idea.Open air doors r up come and hang out, food is good , I can park in target parking lot free for 1/2 hrI have one major complaint.  The Jack Cider is listed as $5 a can but when the bill came I was charged $6 a can.  When I questioned this the waitress came back and said, "sorry, that's a menu issue, the cost is $6."  There was no offer to remove the added cost.  Not good business practce.Bartender very very rude. Been living in Philadelphia for about 10 years and I don't think I've ever been treated so poorly. Will not return.My friends and I went here for a show on a Saturday night. We did not eat. The beers are very reasonably priced and I fell in love with the fact that they give you a kuzy with each beer and then you can "crush" your can before they recycle it. I thought the space was pretty cool. I had heard that there were complaints of it being too loud but I didn't find that to be the case. The bartenders were very nice.SO let me start by saying, this is not likely to be my last visit to Milkboy and probably not my last review -- there is time for redemption. 
Our server was very knowledgable and sweet. She ran down all the the beer subsitutions (and there were quite a few) and seemed to know what she was talking about with regard to the beer selection. We didn't have to wait long for service and our beers were delivered promptly. 
I ordered chips and salsa. Unfortunately they were sub-par but this isn't a mexican restaurant so I wasn't expecting a whole lot. Just a little something to fill my belly before I destoryed my liver at the Flyers game. Others got burritos, meatball veggie soup, etc. Everyone had kind of the same reaction to their food as I did to mine... it was just "okay."   
The real issue I had was with the check. First, the check took forever. We were on the way to a Flyers game and were pressed for time. Second, when you advise of substitutions to your beer list you should also mention that said substitutions are not equal in price to the originals. The bill was a bit surprising because we were expecting that the $5 beer would have been substituted with another $5 beer -- not a $6 beer. Finally, when you take my money to ring me out please do so with some courtesy for my time. Taking the check and then chatting with your coworkers for 10+ minutes before you even get to the register with it is totally unacceptable. I am sure that conversation about your plans for after work could have waited 5 minutes while you rang me up and returned my credit card to me. 
Seems they have some kinks to work out but the beer was solid and I'll likely give them a 2nd shot before deciding they aren't worth the time.For over a year I'd seen this corner space covered in plywood and posters, completely ignorant as to the genius that was being built behind the scenes. I only assumed that this corner fell into ranks with the rest of the vacant spaces that occupy this area of Center City that I've recently heard referred to as "the donut hole." A sad, but fitting name for an area with great potential but little success. Well I'm happy to announce that this donut finally has a dipping companion, and its name is: Milkboy (get it? Coffee and donuts...I thought it was clever).
I knew, only by word of mouth, the awesomeness of the other two Milkboy Coffee locations. A coffee shop and music venue: how could you go wrong with that combination? My friend and I decided to stop here late last week to finally give it a try. I was feeling particularly sluggish after a long day at work, and thought some coffee would be the perfect pick-me-up. You can see before you even go inside what incredible potential this place has. The main entrance is on Chestnut Street, but they've actually converted the 11th Street side of the building into two huge garage-door style entrances where patrons are able to enjoy indoor/outdoor seating. When we entered there was a huge staircase in front of us, I can only imagine leading to the space that will eventually become the music venue (can't wait!). The downstairs space is actually somewhat limited, due largely to the fact that most of the room is occupied by the bar. Oh yea, did I mention this place serves alcohol?!
We decided to snag a seat at the bar, seeing as to get to the coffee register you have to walk all the way to the end of the room. Not sure if this was the best decision logistically, but I'm not complaining. Anyway, once we took our seat my attention quickly turned from that much-needed boost of caffeine to the cool intoxication of a beer. Their drink menu, while limited in size, had a nice selection of both draught and canned beers. Also, if you're looking to get loaded, they offer a Straub beer and shot of JD for a measly $6. Both my friend and I opted for a Wild Onion's Pumpkin Ale. I'd never heard of this craft brewery before, but it was arguably one of the best pumpkin beers I've tried. Wonderfully spiced and a great reminder that Fall's quickly approaching.
I also decided to sample something from their (limited) food menu. There were a lot of burrito options, which seemed random, however, seeing as their kitchen only recently opened I'm sure over time their menu will expand along with their exposure. I decided to try the "Pickled Veggie Tempura" on the recommendation of our bartender. Lightly battered, house-pickled veggies served with buttermilk dipping sauce. Delicious. Check em out.
All in all, I really enjoyed my first visit to Milkboy. I'm glad to see that all the time and red tape that was encountered while working to secure and convert this space has finally paid off. I'm looking forward to catching a show here sometime soon, not to mention grabbing a cup of their coffee...that is, if I can keep away from the bar.I just popped in hoping to ease a Sunday morning hangover with a stomach settling drink and a bite to eat.  I ordered a Dark & Stormy and an egg sandwich to go.  The barista had never made one before and the ginger beer to rum ratio was a little high, but that was fine with me - probably what I needed so early.  The egg sandwich was absolutely delicious...perfectly cooked eggs, nicely seasoned on a toasty bun with plenty of gooey cheese and a dash of hot sauce.  It came with delicious hand cut fries and a few pickles.  I work nearby so I walk past this place many evenings and it's always crowded.  Can't speak for the night time crowd, but I'd definitely give it another shot.Have been here a few times to see The Fleeting Ends. Music was fabulous, locale was fine but nothing out of the ordinary. Drinks were good, not a lot of seating or standing room downstairs. Bar is cash only, which always annoys me but isn't totally uncommon.I've been coming here somewhat frequently as I just moved to the Washington Square area. This is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots around. It's a GREAT happy hour spot when the weather is nice. 
The service has been timely and pleasant each time we have gone. Drinks have not disappointed either. "The Doctor" is an excellent gin-based cocktail that I will definitely be ordering again. The food is good too (have only tried wings & nachos). 
On multiple occasions with different servers, the staff has been knowledgable about their drink menu and able/willing to take the time to make solid recommendations based on what the customer likes or may be curious about trying. This goes a long way for someone like me, as I hate feeling as though asking questions is a nuisance for wait staff. 
I will definitely be coming back again as well as spreading the word :)A great, welcoming Philadelphia bar. Come to meet the diverse crowds of Jefferson staff and Packer fans. Small but solid rotating draft list. Great space with some interesting lithographs, including one of a Packer fan passed out in front of Lambeau Field, the Green Bay Packer stadium. Curious about the story behind this, regular patrons reveal the legend of a Texan traveling to Wisconsin and converting to the local team, who rested peacefully after his first Live Packer Game.Not thrilled with this place -- the best thing it has going for it is the location.
The last time I was here, it was hot as hell outside the World Cup was going on.  It was HOT as hell in this place.  The fans weren't even going.  Eek.
I ordered an Arnold Palmer and the server brought me a mix of coffee and "lemonade" -- complete with coffee grounds.  
The food, however, was good.  My friend had the bbq pulled chicken sliders and I had the hangover burger.
There is nothing extraordinary about Milkboy, but if you're in the area around happy hour, it doesn't hurt to stop in.  A solid "C" place.Came here for a quick drink after a show at the Troc.  Didn't realize it was mainly a coffee joint until reading the reviews here on Yelp.  Go figure.
The place feels bigger than it actually is because one wall is almost entirely open to the outside... made for a nice setting on a comfortable Sept night.  
They have a great canned beer selection (which has been my recent obsession) and a somewhat interesting bar menu.  Sadly, I didn't get to try the bacon bowl (yes, a bowl of spiced honey bacon with blue cheese dressing!) because the kitchen was closed.  Boooo!
Bartenders were friendly and took my buzzed "talkiness" in stride.  
Overall, it felt like the type of place I'd frequent for a low key night if I lived in the area...Stopped in for a couple victory beers with a coworker whilst I waited for the wife to finish up work. We stumbled upon it kind of randomly but am glad we did. 
The place is light and airy even though its not a huge space downstairs. I didn't venture upstairs so can't comment on that. The ceilings were high which added to this feeling. Had a cool vibe. There wasn't many people there on a Wednesday at 4:00, but I'm betting it can get busy.
The bartenders were all very friendly and personable willing to chit-chat when we wanted and then would leave us alone when we were jabbering about business junk. 
They have a good selection of beers on tap that should please just about anyone. We ordered the chips and salsa app which came with homemade, fresh out of the fryer tortilla chips. We could tell they just came out of the fryer because they were still glistening with the oil, but would doesn't like eating oil?! The salsa was just the right consistency and tasted like it was just made that day. 
We noticed the bacon bowl that the folks next to us ordered, but unfortunately we had to leave. I will be back for that wornderfully awful bowl of bacon goodness, I promise you that. 
I just wish I had a reason to be in that area more so I could make Milkboy my regular hangout spot.This bar absolutely blows. Horrible customer service at the bar and some of the worst food I've had in Philadelphia definitely look elsewhere to spend your money because it's a waste here. I created a yelp just to write this reviewHere for a show the ticket and their own website say starts at 8:00.  Turns out it isn't until 9:30. I'm from New Orleans, where 8:00 means 9:00.  Milkboy!My boyfriend and I stopped at Milkboy after we visited Jim's Steaks across the street, and I'm so glad we were enticed by the colorful outside decor. 
The place was beaming of color and life! (Huge plus for my inner hippie soul.) It was 2 pm or so on a weekday, so it wasn't packed; but the staff was super helpful and gave us plenty of recommendations.
The drinks were AMAZING! They also had crab fries!! Now, being from Maryland, I am a little picky about my crab fries, but theirs were honestly pretty good. 
If I'm ever back in Philly, I would definitely visit this spot.for starters, im reviewing the upstairs venue.  
as a customer, the bar is small.  when the perfomance starts, be prepared to stand because there are an absence of seats.  i'm talking less than 20 in a room that holds 100.  wtf?!
the bartender couldnt get me a drink i wanted without going downstairs.  i said no thank you.  the veggie burrito was pretty good, though.
as a performer, there is no green room.  if you want to attract musicians of any calibre, the treat them well.  this is unacceptable.  the sound was ok.  i would probably beg off the next gig there.Was here early afternoon on July 4th with my sister and cousin.  We had a few snacks and drinks ( a steak app I can't remember the name of and sangria) both were very good.  I have been here a few times, I must say what made this experience better than most was our bartender Dan.  He was funny, attentive, and even bought us a shot when he found out we were there for my sister's batchlorette. We stayed at this place the longest of the day just because of the great service we received from Dan, thanks again!After having stopped in Milkboy a few times, it really is a decent spot to grab some coffee or a drink or see a show or maybe all 3.
Upstairs is a large area with a stage where they host live music.  Beer-wise, you can sit at either of the bars and find a nice selection of drafts.
Personally, I dig their coffee.  At the time of writing, they were brewing up Dallas Brothers out of New York and at just over a buck a cup, it's hard to argue with.
I don't have much to say about the food because I haven't had it.  If I do, I'll make sure to update my review.Wait, did I really just eat at homey grilled cheese sandwich with tomato bisque for lunch at MILKBOY today?  The restaurant that's also a concert venue...?  Milkboy - the place where I TRIED to enjoy this $10 entry concert with my cousin, but failed because the band was just making me all sadfaced like this: :-( ?
OMG, my interestin Milkboy has been restored due to the crazy good lunch I just had today :-) 
The tomato bisque was sooo chunky !  I loved it!  And I had never dipped a grilled cheese sandwich into tomato soup before either, so how excited was I?  Yeah, I was deprived as a kiddo (though as an adult I had grilled cheese with tomato slices in the sandwich...).
Anyway, bravo, Milkboy, I am coming back soon, but probably with more of a craving for alcohol...or coffee for that matter ;-PI like this place on a sunny afternoon for happy hour (4-7pm). They open up the garage doors, so whether you score a seat outside or grab a drink inside, you can still enjoy the nice weather. The waitstaff is friendly and accommodating - when our party outgrew the tables we were at, they helped us move to another area and push some tables together. Also, I had started out ordering drinks at the bar and the waitress was kind enough to serve me at the table under the same tab! 
I had some of my friend's cheesy potatoes which were pretty good, but I was starving by that point. My friends ordered some wraps and tacos and all seemed pleased. 
On the weekends, this place can get crowded and the bar area is a bit narrow what with the huge wooden barrels they've converted to tables lining the wall. I've heard they have live music here sometimes, but I am not sure where they set up, because it seems kind of tight. I'll have to check it out sometime though!
Overall, I'd say it's definitely a good stop for happy hour!Gotta like the quote at the bottom of the drink menu:'Happy Hour for Every Shift'  this is right below the opening hours, which is 7am. So I thinking third shift happy hour which I know I have gotten before. But today no way! 'Sorry I know it's misleading' is what I was told. Only one happy hour. I guess I have to cross this off list for place to go after my occasional all night shift.We picked this place because it plays the Ravens games and we were visiting from Baltimore.  I have to say, we really lucked out, because the food here was excellent.  We started with cheese curds, which were so much better than typical frozen cheese sticks and came with a tasty side sauce.  My chicken sandwich was also quite good.  I also ordered some type of cocktail which came with fresh herbs and was just the right strength, which is to say quite strong.  The wine was good too.  And the Ravens won!  Overall, I was quite pleased with my experience here.*Review only of upstairs show/venue space.
Caught the Subways here last Wednesday night and had a blast.
The area is slightly grungy, but in a good way.  The drinks were more varied than I was expecting given the reviews--they had mixed as well as the canned beers.  Got myself a Strongbow and it was ice cold--much appreciated.
 Seems the Milkboy attracts a certain type of chilled out crowd.  The vibes were great all night, even the staff.
In contrast to some other reviews, the stage is high enough so that it can be seen from the back of the room, but it wasn't a packed house when I went, so I could be wrong (I'm also tall).  I wouldn't want to know what it's like on a weekend they over-sell, though, especially on a warmer night.  Pretty bare bones venue--there is no backroom, so you'll see your favorite band dragging their gear up through the audience.  And they may very well crowd-surf, etc.
 But in my one experience, the long narrow space made for an intimate, fun show.
Would definitely come back.
PS: the (co-ed!) bathrooms are surprisingly clean.Ordered for delivery. Cheeseburger was delicious but over-cooked (ordered medium rare and got well done). Buffalo wings were good - cooked well, sauce was tasty, but a little too saucy. Chicken sliders were disappointing, only because I didn't particularly like the slaw they were paired with. Meat was tender and fried up crunchy though.I had dinner and drinks here on Saturday, and it was a nice time. It's smaller inside than I expected, so it got quite crowded upstairs by the time we left (I think there may have been some sort of unofficial office holiday party going on up there), but can't really complain about that!
The old-fashioned that I ordered was good, and priced pretty much on point with other bars like this. The waiter and bartenders were friendly, and for the most part service was quick.
I had the cubano which was delicious. The thick-cut ham, mustard, and pickles made for a very tasty sandwich. It was served with fries that were hot and crispy, also very good.
I think I'll be back!We were chased out of the restaurant by a bartender claiming we had a bar tab open. We all had 1 drink and paid cash so we were confused by this. I had watched this bartender take 2 shots and sip on a drink around 11 pm. Who knows what else he had while I wasn't paying attention. I understand it's a bar, servers drink there sometimes but when your drinking habits on the job affect the way you treat me and my friends it creates a problem. We were very displeased after being harassed by this bartender when none of us had used a card at the bar and I would not recommend it to any friend. Again, I understand lots of bartenders drink at bars but if I drank at my job I would be immediately fired even if it did not affect my work. The fact that this bartender was drinking on the job and it affected the way he treated us was unacceptable and I would not send any friend here.Best non-Mexican style nachos I've ever had. Full of an incredible amount of chewy cheese (more than any other place by far), delicious sauce, tasty chorizo, and not a single crispy chip left unattended by toppings.
Bartenders were very attentive and nice. Breeze from the big open doors was just perfect on a warm Saturday afternoon.Great place to go when the weather is nice. Great beer selection and good cocktails. Decent food but not outstanding. Full disclosure:  I am a packers fan and this is a packers bar.The food was delicious BUT BEWARE the price on the menu and itemize receipt was two different prices. It would have been a simple remedy but the bartender lied about the discrepancy in the bill instead of initially fixing it. He reported the food price on the receipt had food tax but none else food had food tax BUT ME. Such a shame because the food was delicious.I don't frequent Philly that often, but I was here for a show the other night, and must say it was a fantastic experience! Had a couple of "Doctors" drinks which were delicious. The Cheesesteak Au Poivre (not your typical Philly cheesesteak -- this was chunks of steak, open-faced, with a delicious mornay cheese sauce) & Fries were equally as good. So... great food, drinks, and staff, and even the bathrooms were spotless. Loved it, and would go back in a heartbeat!I am yelping this while I wait an extraordinary amount of time for a drink. Such is service here. My friend literally had to crush a beer can on the bar to get the attention if one of the 4 hipsters behind the bar. Drinks are inventive and tasty, the food solid, the menu vast, but a bit pricey for what it is. And, oh, did I mention service is pretty bad?Meh.
Stopped in for a quick drink with my boyfriend on a Saturday night.  We sat ourselves at the bar, which was empty save for one other couple.  I was initially excited because I thought that meant we'd get great service from one of the two bartenders.
Nope.
The bartender didn't greet us, so we greeted him.  This seemed to startle and/or bother him.  We asked for two drafts, he obliged, then never really looked at us again.  No pleasantries, no friendly bartender banter.  
I don't know - maybe our sweaters and button-downs weren't hipster enough? Haha... it's a shame that the service wasn't better, because the bar itself is pretty cool even in spite of its short draft list.  Loved the decor and the huge open windows, but aesthetics alone are not enough to bring me back.This place is pretty cool. I eat meat; i love the bacon cheese jalapeño fries and I like their burger, milk boys food is pretty food. Great selection of beer, and I love the canned beer selection.
The bartenders are always extremely friendly, something that may actually turn some people off.
The only downside is that their nachos are pretty lame, though for philly they aren't too bad.Love it! Such a fun friendly vibe. We sat outside and started with the bacon bowl. There is no possible way to describe how delicious these favors are. So good. I'll be dreaming of that for days. My husband had the grilled cheese with sea salt cheese fries that were homemade. I had the steak chopped salad. It was excellent and a very big portion. Great beer selection. Great food. Wait staff was very friendly. Just a fun simple menu. Well priced.Great bar with great drinks. MilkBoy is a nice cafe during the day with some really good coffee. It's actually been a really good spot to go read or study at. The downstairs has a very calm and decorative atmosphere and a very nice decor to it.
At night, they have concerts upstairs which has more of a dive bar atmosphere and there is room to dance. I personally like the downstairs better at night as they serve their signature cocktails there. THey us egg white to add to their whiskey sours and have aged whisky in barrels for their manhattans. Our bartender was very knowledgeable and skilled. The Manhattan they make is very good but be sure to ask about their different whiskeys before ordering it. I have has the Spicy Alexander a few times which is probably my favorite drink there. It's great if you like bourbon and fireball. Milkboy is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots in Philly.Went to Milkboy this morning with two friends. We ordered and never got our food. Our waitress took our order and disappeared. After 30 minutes she reappeared and we asked after our food. She told us that it would be a few more minutes. 15 minutes later we left without ever getting our food. Given the fact that there aren't a ton of tables, I am not sure what was going on and people who arrived after us were done eating when we left. 
If it were possible, I'd ask to be reimbursed for the 45 minutes of my life I can't get back and the inconvenience.Went here Saturday night around 10 for some light eats and drinks with friends. The server with the short hair was so rude and obnoxious. She had such an attitude with us for absolutely no reason. I've been in the business all my life and she got extremely upset when I asked her to recommend a cocktail. Then she took my friends half  drunken Moscow Mule ... Trying to clear us from the table. It was such negative energy coming from her and  pretty bad service. Everything else like atmosphere and foods / drinks were really good. Sucks that they let terrible people like her work at such a cool spot.Great location, awesome food, friendly service (thanks Erin.) Had the bbq kimchi sandwich and Marshall stack cocktail. They have a venue spot upstairs that host bands and acts so you can get your grub and music on...enjoy!I wasn't thrilled with MilkBoy. (c'mon, Yelpers, I trusted you guys!) The food could have been better especially for how long I waited for it. I went around 2:30-3:00p on a Thursday and it was just OKAY. I only got the pizza fries, and the Hummus appetizer, but I had a bite of a burger, which wasn't spectacular. 
Great atmosphere, but not great food. I'd definitely give it a try for drinks sometime!Stopped by for an iced latte and salad for lunch. Yummy yummy!
The iced caramel latte is divine. Creamy & unburned coffee that will make you smack yourself on the wrist for ever going in to a Starbucks.
Spiced orange salad was amazing! Lightly spiced vinaigrette. The chicken was seasoned and warm off to the side. Filling but not overly so. Perfect for a hot afternoon lunch outside.Probably one of the best bars in the city, the food is always on point, with an array of options! Staff is extra friendly and extremely helpful. There is a show space upstairs with another bar that has a great feel and the band line up is always a good one! Stop in and try one of their boozy coffee drinks! Milkboy does not disappoint!!!My mom and I came to Milkboy for lunch and loved it! My mom has many food allergies and sensitivities that this restaurant accommodated to while still providing an amazing meal for the both of us. If you are ever walking down South street, give this place a try!I'm in grad school in center city, and Milkboy is the most convenient bar location near me. However, the space is way too small and it seems to always be overcrowded. Their happy hour drinks are really good however, way too overpriced. The serving size for their appetizers are very small and not worth the price in my opinion. To top it off, after taking our order, the waitress took so long to circle back around to our table, no frequent checkups, nothing. Felt like we were constantly hunting her down. Not cool. Anyway, It's not a bad spot if you're looking for a quick drink but definitely not one of my favorites.I've been here twice just for the downstairs bar, and not the upstairs music venue, so I'll limit my comments to the downstairs area - a beautiful, modern establishment with large windowed garage doors overlooking the street. 
The coffee cocktails are seriously heavenly concoctions with a real chocolatey kick to them, whether the Picket Line (double chocolate vodka with espresso) or the Waiting Room (frangelico, peppermint schnapps, hot chocolate, and coffee). The Nurse, meanwhile, is a delightfully creamy mix of whipped vodka and orange juice.
Service was courteous and efficient each time we were there, and, overall, the place has a lively yuppie atmosphere. A good mix of counter chairs, small tables, and booths to sit in downstairs. The upstairs music venue is super crowded and is long and narrow like the downstairs area, as others have mentioned. I can't comment on the quality of the music or of MilkBoy's commitment to the local music scene, but as a simple place to hang out, they've converted an older corner of the neighborhood into a sleek, modern gem.Of your looking for wings and beer fine, anything else . Dry, awful food. Service was great but that only goes so far!! Never againWe went here on a quick whim trip to Philly.  The person waiting on us was awesome...very patient answering my questions about the menu, and very personable.  The food was good, and the garlic dipping sauce was awesome.Great atmosphere.  Great street to get drunk on.   So glad my friend lives near here!   Great music.  One of my to go to spots when I visit philly!We sat at the bar for almost 10 minutes after being given menus waiting to order drinks while 3 bartenders stood feet from us and gossiped. When we received our bill one of the drinks was more expensive than the price listed on the menu.Just found the drinks are good will try the food next time but it doesn't look to bad. We also like the outdoor open atmosphere of the first floor with a second bar upstairs.Awesomenplace. Staff was so friendly and help (including the doorman). Good crowd and just overall good atmosphere. I even appreciated the drink specials on the menu. I'd recommend this place.I was here about a month ago and the Cuban sandwich was the ABSOLUTE BEST Cuban sandwich I've ever had. I'm of Cuban descent and I've practically grown up on these things. I mean everywhere from north jersey down to Miami Beach, and I've never had one quite like this. All the ingredients were fresh and the sandwich was bursting with flavor. I will be back, in philly, just for this sandwich!So, it's my first time here in Philly and wanted to hang out looking. 
So stopped to get a drink while I catch up on my yelping.... 
The wine is good, it's the only drink I get anywheres lol. 
But great atmosphere and great.. great music. 
The air is awesome and no sun ... Well around 4:30. 
Great service and clean 
I would come again if down again...Solid happy hour with some great drink specials. The City Wides are always a good deal and you get a shot, plus a beer for $5-$7.
The jefe is tequila and a tecate (great Mexican beer.) We ordered the sliders, which allow you to pick multiple options. The fried chicken was by and far the best, with the crab cake coming in last.Worst experience ever food took over 30 minutes bartender didn't even acknowledge us or communicate about the wait for the food. Then my boyfriend received his food but mine never came then we asked about it they said oh no one told you we are out of shrimp! WTF! Didn't offer no accommodations...never will I ever go here again...Food: Awful vegetarian selection. I chose the portobello burger and while the actual 'shroom part was good, whatever the "tommy" sauce is was just too much. The flavor was fine, it's just that my burger was DROWNED in it. I had to use a fork to eat my burger because after a few minutes it became one soggy mess. It was a shame, too, the bread was nice until it soaked through.
Service: Only one server waiting on Sunday at lunchtime. It took a while to get an order in, and later he completely forgot about us. We had to explicitly ask for water, and after about 20min of him taking away our food & bringing me a box for my soggy mess my friend just got up and went to pay up front. We don't blame the guy - we blame whoever the hell thought one person is supposed to run the show. One person in our party works as a waitress and she was upset that he was running a one-man show.Super amateur establishment. Worst service I've ever experienced. There's plenty of great bars in the area; this is absolutely NOT one of them, so don't waste your time or money. Popped in here for shits and giggles (even though I knew it had a reputation for being known as a super douchey bar--my mistake) just because I was walking by and asked the bartender if he could turn on CNN to watch Obama's final address (the bar was empty). Didn't think it would be such a controversial ordeal considering this is FUCKING PHILADELPHIA, not Kentucky folks, but SHIT was I wrong! The two or three low lives sitting at the bar start spewing their hatred and bigotry of POTUS and the bartender joins them so naturally I tell them to fuck off and I leave. The bartender CHASES ME OUT of the place and yells, "ARE YOU GONNA PAY FOR THAT?!" Um I already did psycho. LOL I hate this place it's the fucking worst.I like the look in here.  The wood with the warm light coming through it nice.  Everything is a bit more polished than what used to be in this location.  I like the garage doors downstairs, they should be very useful come the summer.  
The Cubano was pretty good.  It is served on a long roll, the bread wasn't too hard or anything.  Meats and cheese wasn't bad.  The fries were okay.  They have some interesting stuff to drink on tap, even if there isn't a huge tap list.
The music from upstairs bleeds into the music downstairs, making everything sound garbled when you are downstairs.  They should just play the louder stuff upstairs and you can hear it pretty well downstairs, or pipe the music from upstairs.  Trying to split the music when there is a open stairwell that takes up about 1/5 of the room doesn't really work.
Service was friendly enough.Awesome location and great food
nice beer selection
Jalapeño corn dogs amazing 
Also nachos with mojo pork
Open air venueLove, love, LOVE this bar. Maxx was one of the best Bartenders I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. He works day shift Thurs-Sat, so please go see him. I was laughing so hard at his jokes and overall fun personality. Best part is they have a great happy hour, with $2 off draft beer, wine, and have $5 well drinks. they also have some food items for HH. I had one chicken slider, one pork slider, and their french fries. 
The chicken slider was absolutely delicious. Crispy breading and the chicken was cooked just right, nice and juicy. This is by far one of the best chicken sandwiches I have ever eaten. i still will take a Federal Donuts chicken sandwich first, but this is really close.
The pork slider is a must eat item. I have had tons of pulled pork in my lifetime as it is something I really enjoy. It is a dish that I love to cook myself. Well, here you have tender pork and a nice slightly spicy barbecue sauce. If you don't like hot stuff, don't worry. It is hard to describe, but you won't mind it, promise. I seriously could have eaten 10 of these (physically I couldn't), because they were that awesome! If you are hungry start with 3 and go from there. 
The French fries are about as good as they get. They leave the skin on, they are fried to perfection, and come out nice and crunchy. they are a thin cut, which is one of my personal favorites. 
Milkboy South is a very welcomed addition to South Street. They have a rotating beer selection, and prices truly are better than you would think they would be. I was in the downstairs bar, and the upstairs bar was just opening as I was heading out. Bathrooms are on the second floor, wish they had one downstairs.Upstairs area was fun  last saturday night and there was live music, semi friendly bartender and pretty good foodPoorly understaffed. Self seating wasn't a problem but the bartender had no way of servicing the tables there were no waiters and the food took over an hour for 1 cheesesteak. I swear!  The coconut shrimp was chewy and fried black. Really poor experience. Must avoid.We got the recommendation to get a Jim's Cheesesteak while in Philly. But then I learned that you could go to Milkboy, get a cocktail, and they would serve you a Jim's cheesesteak in a less crazy atmosphere! Great experience and good cocktails!The service here is TERRIBLE. The bartender yelled at several customers. She is the reason I will never return.Great small bar on south street. I love the city wide specials! And the music is perfect.Delicious! 
Growing up in North Jersey, fries with brown gravy and cheese were a common thing.  So when I seen Hog Fries on the menu, their wasn't any way I couldn't order them.  The were dynamite, especially the pork! 
I also want to mention the crab cake sandwich.  Not much filler, if any at all.  Browned lightly and definitely tasted like they were fresh and made from scratch.  A+ on the cakes! I highly recommend!
Located on the corner of 4th and South, seating on the first floor is limited.  It is more of a bar but still very comfortable for diners.  My waiter was also the bartender and he was very knowledgeable & friendly.  Recommend the crab cake over the turkey sandwich.  Can't recall my drink but it was fizzy, sweet; Easily a  favorite among females. My friend had the Pharmacist and said it was also on point!
To wrap up, they use Caviar for delivery! Need I say any more?!Sat upstairs. The bartender (bald one) is very helpful and nice. Got a mock tail (off the menu!), 2 jack and cokes, and 1 side of fries. There's live music here (a guy playing on a guitar and singing). Super atmosphere!Great vibe and nice bartenders.  The seating is all high stools which is s negative for someone like me with short legs.  I have enjoyed the chicken sliders and crabcake sandwich in the past but found the crab fries very bland.  Added salt and it did not help much.Milkboy is a great addition to South Street. It's a little more high end than most of the places on South Street, which makes for a more trendy experience. The staff is very nice and accommodating and the food is pretty good. We've been there twice for an easy lunch and plan on returning.Husband and I just checked out this location on a Tuesday night since we were in the area. We have been to the other location on 11th and always enjoyed it. 
I had a glass of wine to start and he asked for a blue moon but was given something similar to it, not an actual
blue moon? Whatever. I am giving 4 stars only because my wine pour was bad, especially when it cost $15 for 1 wine and 1 beer. It was basically only filled halfway in the glass, so that stunk.
The food on the other hand was delicious! I had the breakfast burrito sans pico de gallo and it was yummy! You can get breakfast sandwiches all day here which is pretty cool. Husband got fried chicken sliders with fries and he loved them. The chicken was crispy and the fries were hand cut and really, really fresh. 
Overall this place is a great spot for a quick bite and drink if you're on south street!First night in Philadelphia and went to old town to check out Jim's Steaks and ran into this bar across the street. A cool small bar with a cool staff definitely a locals spot but very welcoming. The drink prices are not expensive at all, they do serve food which looked good but my heart was set on Jim's lolNice place with good friendly ambiance in philly across from our favorite place to eat hilly cheese steaks "Jim 's Steaks". Live music   Tonight a sweet young lady at the Mike. Had my first house special drink "The Pharmacist!"  A tasty little bourbon mix made with pineapple and honey.Super lovely place! Good sangria and drinks at affordable prices- and really nice about letting you eat sandwiches from across the street  Incidentally, my card got overcharged there on my last visit, but the staff was incredibly helpful, thorough, and professional about getting me a refund!Jim's Steaks delivered to you while you wait! You read that right... Milkboy offers diners the option of grabbing a table and beer while their waitstaff runs across South Street and grabs you a cheesesteak wit or wit out. Not only do you get to relax while they wait in line for you, but the cheesesteak comes with fries for $13. The restaurant has two levels with the bottom level being a bar with primarily high top table seating. The top level wasn't open yet when we visited; however, this joint has great live musical performances from local artists upstairs on weekends from my previous bar visits. Milk this offer before it runs dry.Awesome bar and a great addition to South street. Great place to watch a game and have some beers. My wife and I often take our friends to Milkboy and hang out upstairs when they visit.Pretty good happy hour (4-7 M-F) including food and drink specials ($2 off beers/cocktails and $5 well drinks). I really enjoyed the chicken nachos ($5 for nachos + $3 for added chicken) with the pickled onions. I also enjoyed the crabcake slider ($4). My husband and I shared the cubano (not a happy hour deal) - it was good, nothing outstanding, but good. Fries were very hot and fresh. I was a bit disappointed with the draft beer selection. I wanted something seasonal (something fall or winter, an Amber or a porter), but it seemed to be mostly lagers and IPAs/hoppier options. Service was okay. The bartender was serving everyone at the bar and hightop tables, so it seems like he could have used some help. Overall, a good option, especially if you're seeing a show across the street.Milkboy is great! They will get you a Jim's philly cheese steak from across the street (it's legit!)--you get to avoid the line, and eat sitting down in Milkboys with a beer! They also have great other food. I got boneless chicken wings and they were just okay, nothing to write home about. I would like to go back and get a sandwich instead!I came here on a whim while strolling through South Street this weekend bc of the clean layout and open eating space out front. At first glance Milkboy looks like a sleek little diner w. a very chill vibe but it's actually a bar. 
What I love most is the simple silver design and the menu tucked neatly by the entrance. When I walked in a nice waiter told my friend and I that there where no seats available on the first floor but that there was space upstairs. So off we went!
Upstairs was darker and more mellow. Classic rock played while a lady with red and purple hair worked the bar. The walls are also black and the chairs are high and wooden to match tables. It was safe to assume that this place is an All-American bar that happens to serve food lol.
I ordered a Cuban sandwich and my friend ordered a Turkey sandwich (both came with fries). The menu is tiny so there isn't much to choose from. I also ordered a White Wine Sangria for $9. It was alright but way too much ice. 
Oh yeah back to my food--it arrived quickly. It tasted pretty good but the fries were fried very hard so some were oily and disappeared the minute you bit into them. They should def work on that. My sandwich was great though, nom. 
Cool place to just swing by for cheapie drinks and simple dishes to soak up the liquor if you're not trying to get drunk lol.Neat place, great staff, satisfying beer, delicious food.
Cold as all get out downstairs.
Like, I am going to leave because of it.Great drinks, great times. Jessie is an amazing bar tender and always has such a great attitude! Can't wait to come back again. Citywide specials and picklebacks are the best!I really like it here. Awesome vibe, packed with locals of all age, race and gender. Great beers and bar bites. Bartender hospitality is solid. I've enjoyed this bar here more than a few times and will certainly continue. Thank you milkboy. Keeping it Philly, in a good way.Talk about the worst welcoming face ever. The female bartender looked disgusted when we entered at 1:20am. Horrible customer service. Will never come here again. Completely rude and not accommodating at all. She was rude taking our order and looked like she hates her job. Will never come here again.Love this place! Atmosphere is very causal and warm. Fried Brussels sprouts app is amazingly good and the sauce is also good. Was kinda turned off when they said they don't take temps at the bar however I was assured by bartender that I would like it regardless and she was right. Although cooked fully I enjoyed it, the aioli is a must! Will be back in the area next month and will deff be coming here!The jerk chicken quesadilla was the best quesadilla I have ever eaten. They have really great cocktails and local craft beer. And they play the best 90's rock.While it's a small space, it's a more than decent bar and kitchen.
The service is great, the drinks selection is solid, and the food is probably better than you'd find at most South St locations.
It was peculiar that the cheese curds were breaded and fried; however, they were still tasty. The chicken nachos came loaded, which was a pleasant surprise.
Definitely a great spot to have a drink, chill with friends, and people watch.The drinks were pretty good, and the nachos were fantastic, but the cheesesteak from Jim's was outrageously mediocre for a $16 sandwich. A semi-stale loaf with a couple slices of meat and some cheese whiz for $16 dollars? No thanks.I'm from baltimore and was in town so before heading home decided to look up a bar playing the ravens game. And came across milkboy. It was a cool dope place lots of ravens fans. Drinks were ok a little water down costumer service was great. Food was cool. They blackened green beans which are the best thing on the menu. The only thing I didn't like was that I didn't get charged the game day special for my sliders because I didn't have ravens gear on. I mentioned to the bar tender that it was lot written or mentioned before I ordered and I was told he was told by the owner not to charge game day prices to people not in ravens gear showing they are a fan. Well I told him I was from out of town and I didn't bring anything with me. If that's the way they want to do the prices I'm cool with it, but it should be told to customers prior to ordering.We came in for a quick drink. Drunk female bartender tried to charge us twice for drinks, saying we ordered two each when we only ordered one each. She gives us major attitude like we were lying and says we have to wait 20 mins for the manager. Of course she ends up being wrong but there's no apology. Lay off the drinks when you're working and maybe you won't make mistakes.We went here twice on our trip to philly. The first time it was cinco de Mayo so they had a special which was a can of cider with a nip of tequila standing upside down in the can for $12. The following day we went because we wanted Jim's steak again and milkboy will actually call it in for you so you don't have to wait in line and pick it up. They include delicious fries for an extra $5. It was great. It was a nice, clean, small bar with friendly staff.I popped in here when my bus passed me up without stopping. A bartender immediately came over and told me the happy hour specials. I ordered a cocktail and a salad. The cocktail and food came really quickly and everything was delicious. I've been to the other milkboy as well and enjoyed it but my experience here was even better. I won't be a stranger!Food was AMAZING! Had open seat right looking out on south street. I love that the wall was down and we were able to watch outside.
 Food was amazing and many options. I got the chicken cheesesteak with bar cheese and I HIGHLY recommend. The rolls were so fresh and good.  The people next to me had nachos and they looked delicious!!!
Service was alright but everyone was super friendly and nice. Will be returning next time on south streetSon...the nachos. 
Everything else is good for South Street or any other busy spot in Philly. But yo, the nachos are off the chizziff. 
CHIZIFF
It's served on a small tray so you don't feel like a fatass for ordering one to the face. But it's also an excellent shareable as well. When you order it make sure to top of off with some chicken. I mean what else is there really to say about Milkboy?
Nachos son...The food was okay - the cheese steaks come from across the street, and they are not the best (definitely 2 or 3 out of 5). Bathroom is upstairs, FYI if you can't make the trek. The service was great. The woman who helped us seemed to be a one-person show, as the men on staff were doing very little to help her, and in fact, were not delivering food or taking care of their tables. How frustrating! But she was great.Waited about an hour for our food. Not even busy at all. There's flies all over the place def wont be coming back to this place let alone phillyExcellent excellent excellent service and I can't remember his name and feel so bad --it was very distinctive and not a typical name , but boy did he make our experience there . 
He was kind of shorter, short brown hair --great attitude . This kid will go far wherever he goes . I'd like to hire him.
There was a bachelorette party going on with all these shrieking girls and he still took it all in stride and I swear he was waiting on 12 tables at once but still paused to ask how my margarita was and if it was too sweet he could remake it ! Whaaaat ?
In the middle of a rush. That goes above and beyond in my book. And the smile never left his face .
Food was meh--nachos meh, buffalo shrimp overcoated with sauce and unexceptional .
Burger was decent .
I would come back based on the service .
Find this kid and reward him:)
He is a real asset to your restaurant and you don't want to lose him.Got the Jim's cheese steak from this place since the line as Jim's were so long. I'm not sure it was the real thing or some bootleg sandwich...you could tell the meat was well cooked but too dry. Did not seem like cheese steak at all. Seemed like something I could order from Friday's. With all the hype this did not meet the expectations. Aside from that the waitress was nice.I ordered two orders of wings for pickup, both had no sauce and the boneless wings were cooked until they were black. I had to go back and ask for more sauce, which took 10 minutes.What's with the hate?  My only hate is the upcharge on Jim's steaks.  But, you pay for convenience.  If you're on south street, why not go?  And, even if you aren't, you still should.Amazing experience! The staff was so nice I don't even know if I've ever had an experience like this at a bar! Food was great, they had jimmy steaks to eat so no waiting on the long line across the way!Great customer service from the bartender tonight.  Chill place. Tvs and music.   Music gotta go.     Drinks were good.  Good Chill spot before you hit up Jim's steaks.I stopped in here for a quick bite and a drink and am glad I did. It wasn't too crowded, the staff were very friendly and they had tasty beers on tap. Also, if you're daring, they have $5 pickle back shots you can partake of. I only got chips and salsa but the chips tasted like they were made in house aka they were delish. I am definitely returning.This place is great!! My boyfriend and I stopped in after a day of seeing the sights in Philly. We ordered 2 City Wide Love beers from Pizza Boy and the large basket of fries. We got all of the sauce options in the side and they were ALL INCREDIBLE. The fries themselves were obviously home made and perfectly crunchy. The bartender, Zack was super friendly and helpful!! We will be going back to Milkboy, probably again on this trip!FOOD: Those who know, know. The food here is great. And there's never a wait. Plus, they serve the food on silver platters with awesome french fries.
DRINKS: Great selection of local craft beers. I never think of PHL, and Delaware being an area with a great selection craft beers. If you believe that too, come here and let them prove you wrong.
SERVICE: Super helpful. We sat upstairs and the bartendress suggested great beers for each of our tastes.There couldn't be a better bar in Philadelphia. Zack and the rest of the staff were so cool, and took really good care of us. Not to mention they were running their asses off making sure every guest was attended to. Wonderful beer selection, and overall atmosphere.What made me a fan of this spot is the bartender, Zach. I've been here a bunch before, but he made a lasting impression. Great service, fast and efficient. We never had to wait long to order drinks and food, and he was aware of what seats were about to open up when we were looking to sit at the bar.