I made the mistake of ordering raw oysters here. Ugmhhmmhhuuhh, the memory made me throw up in my mouth a little. Thank God the beer was cold. Nothing to see here, folks. Keep moving.Just came home from Miller's Ale house had the nices waitress.
Food terrible just threw up feel much better the driest prime rib ever.This place was the embodiment of my second biggest fear about moving to Philadelphia (the first being the bone-chilling cold). It was late one night, and I needed something to eat. Not another diner I hoped. I stumbled across the place late on a Sunday night. 
First, it's great that this place was open, because most places in the are were not. It kind of felt like that movie "Seeking a Friend for the End of the World" with Steve Carrell and they find a restaurant open and its the worst mix of brewhouse chain with trying to do everything and doing everything poorly.
I missed home and was craving Mexican food and I was delighted to see Fajitas on the menu. I broke my own rule about not ordering food that the restaurant clearly does not specialize in. I ordered the chicken fajitas (good price by the way), and man was I disappointed. At first I was mad, because I thought, how can you not make a decent fajita? But yeah, everything just seemed to be super processed and not fresh. Microwaved pre-seasoned by someone who's never even seen a Mexican frozen chicken and then plopped on an ungodly hot skillet. The shredded cheddar "cheese" was not cheese, but it did look like it. It was just flavorless orange matter.
I must say though that the service was good and the dessert was actually really good. It was this gut busting ice cream pie like thing. I don't remember the name. Captain Jack's special pie or some nonsense. 
I also ordered a couple appetizers; there's some deal where they're half price late night. I had the buffalo shrimp which were disgusting, and the calamari which were OK. If I were kidnapped and hadn't eaten in a while, I'd order that along with that dessert. Not the fajitas though. I'd have to be at least 5 days without food to entertain the idea of swallowing those.
There are several large flat screen TVs so I think this place would be good for grabbing a beer and watching a game.My friends and I are part of the gang with Carolyn S. that are regular Thursday customers. Megan is our server and she is nothing short of fantastic. A lot of things have changed in the last year and most weren't good. The food has gotten better in the last several months but now the Super Bowl Party is up in the air. I have told others about the Super Bowl at Miller's but  now I'm not sure what to say. When the customers aren't given an answer to this question I think about all of the other negative changes that have occurred that now I am wondering if we lost this great time. I know management keeps an eye on this web site so I hope that someone(from management) will tell us what is going on. The Super Bowl Party has been the same for many years and I hope that the management either old or new keeps it as it has always been.Came tonight to watch the UFC PPV with some friends. We have been here a few times. The service itself is always good. The appetizers are great and fairly priced. Outside of that I will say the rest of the food is just ok. Nothing special wouldn't even say it's as good as other chains like Applebee's. But we come here more for the seperate bar they have. They have fantastic drink specials  and cheap beer. It's a good place if you just want to get together with some friends away from the local dove bar.-hair on table
-uncooked mozzarella
-warm bar drinks
-cold mashed potatoes 
- waitress leaning on table
-waitress spilled hot sauce on the floor and never cleaned upThis is a great spot to hit up with a group of friends. I usually go here when I don't wanna run into the crowd at BWW. Their appetizers are pretty damn good. Wings are also really good. If you like a sports bar with good food and that's not packed (like bww) then you found your spot!!Tonight was my first time trying the blvd Miller's and I will NEVER be returning. We ordered 2 pitchers of margaritas one mango and the other strawberry...both taste just like juice (she only put 2 shots in them) we had to get her to make the pitchers over but the outcome was still the same so we settled on doubled shots of tequila...we also ordered food the seafood combo and the Cajun chicken pasta...we weren't satisfied....the fish was dry as well as the pasta. We have been to the Springfield and jersey locations and both were excellent I'm mad I wasted my time with this location.The drink prices are great, but if you deviate from the appetizers bewarewings were really undercooked.  i couldn't even finish them, which is saying a lot.  great for watching a game with some buddies and beers.  food isn't really that good.  stick with nachos or somethingGreat place.  I think it is a great place to go to for dinner and a game of pool.  It is loud and crowded but I think it is well worth the wait.  They have alot to choose from also. This place is great for a sports game also.  I do not reccommend the seafood macaroni and cheese though.  That was the only meal here I had that I thought was absolutely disgusting.  
On a lighter note, go here!  It's awesome.I had the pulled pork sandwich and onion rings the onion rings was good as always ...this was my first time having the pulled pork sandwich  ...it was good had a little bit to much salt for me but not bad...DH had zingermelt which is always delicious!!  The Service was great today!!Ok I went back a couple more times and sampled more of the menu. 
If you like buffalo wings or Zingers then they are a must have here. All their flavors are pretty good and do not taste like they just watered down some Tabasco. The jalapeno "pillows" are good but not worth the $7+ they charge for them. The hamburger and turkey burger was disappointing and seemed like they were pre-fab patties. The fries are nothing special and the same goes for the nachos. Their beer battered onion rings were tasty though. 
The desserts are still worth the $4 for something the size of my head. 
This once again is definitely the best sports bar in the far Northeast to watch a game at. There are flat screens everywhere with speakers laced generously through the ceiling. So even with a full house you still can hear every call and comment during the game.First let me start off by saying although I have been to my fair share of fine restaurants I would never consider myself a dining expert. But when I tell you that I would not send my grandchildren's grandchildren to this place I mean it. I got the New York strip with rice and beans and when I tell you it was the worst steak dinner I have ever had in my life I mean it. If you can actually digest your meal you will not be pleased with the service it is at best a 4. By the way this is also my first review I have ever written in my entire life so you know it's bad. Go to Wawa.We used to frequent the one in langhorne which was great, however the last two tones my steak was all gristle. Tonight we went to this location on the boulevard. Awful.
35 minute wait for the most disgusting food.
The zingers were dry and tasteless despite ordering medium heat.
I ordered chicken parm to share with my son and had to send it back. The sauce had zero flavour and tasted like cheap canned stuff. 
The chicken had burned soggy breading...I could tell they used the same pan unwashed all night.
I tried even putting ketchup. I had to send it back...and the bad attitude off the waitress since we sat was a red flag for me not to order another meal or it would be highly likely there would be spit in it.
So I sat there and ate nothing. And I'm not picky and never in my life sent a dish back.
I'm a mom who doesn't get out anymore and this was our first night out in a long time.
Thanks for destroying it.
I'm back home, in the kitchen, cooking cuz I'm hungry as hell. Thought I'd have, for once, a night off.Nice atmosphere. Good fast service. Good food. Prices were affordable as well. Definitely will go back soonThis place is good for what it is - a standard bar/restaurant with a target demo of middle-aged people who drink on weekdays and enjoy large servings of food to accompany their booze.
The specials are pretty bangin'. I went on a Thursday - $8 for 5 bottles of Miller Lite, Bud Light or Bud Light Lime (there might be more, I forget). They have different specials everyday, so it's worth checking out.
The food is not anything to rave about, really. Standard bar fare, large servings. It is sort of a family restaurant, but I am generally averse to having babies anywhere there is a full bar out in the open.
Bonus: Pool table and a few arcade games.My wife who is not near 21 wasn't able to order a drink despite explaining that her wallet had been stolen holding her ID. Got the awkward laugh and "I'm sorry" and made to feel like a high school kid who got carded. Waitress was then slow to deliver a to go box and take my card. Then took a long time to bring it back despite not being very busy. First bad experience here usually very pleasant.I didn't visit Miller's for two and a half years after the first visit, but last night, we tried it again, and it was much better. The nachos appetizer was good with fresh guacamole and lots of other toppings. My dinner was fantastic: mahi-mahi, steamed in foil with zucchini, broccoli, peppers, tomato slices, potatoes, onions, and lemon. My shot was huge, so it was more like a little cocktail, and it was tasty. I am glad that their food and drinks have improved over the years!Great service and excellent food today.. We all left full and happy keep up the good work... and as always we will be back!!!I will give it a two n a half three times I been to this place n got my wings under cooked which seems to be a reoccuring problem...one good thing Is that its open late but I'm warn u eating food from here at night is like eating from a drive thru at night u get what u get n u can't complain cuz ain't shit else openI was very excited to go to this place. I have never been to any Miller's Ale house before but had always heard good things about them. I was by myself, just looking to grab a drink, and figured that they would have a pretty good beer list. I walked in and sat down at the bar, waited five minutes and none of the bartenders even looked my way. They had a second bar area so I went over there and sat down. I ended up having to wait another five minutes before someone asked if they could take my order. In both areas, it almost seemed as if I was a bother to the servers. I hope that this was just an off night for this one location and it doesn't happen often.I had lunch , with my partner (work)
I was met at the patio bar by a young lady
who had a huge smile and with bright eyes
She is friendly , attentive, and has a pleasant sense of humor....all this while serving us, and other patrons and cleaning around the bar
Stop in and see SAMMIE....hurry she's leaving for school soonFood is not very good . Great place to go for drinks to watch a football game, not the food. Customer service is average. Not very impressed.Their chicken nachos are so good!! We were seated right away, our food came our really fast and the customer service was great. Angela was our waitress!Food was good and inexpensive.  I ordered off of the lunch menu. Plenty of TV's seems like a great spot to watch the game.I am updating my review for this place; after I wrote my last review, I was contacted by the general manager, who apologized profusely & sent me a $40 gift card to give them another shot. Service was much improved from my last visit, and while the food was OK, for what they charge, it could have been larger: I ordered the grilled chicken breast sandwhich, which came on a huge kaiser roll, with a TINY piece of chicken on it. It tasted OK, but the sandwhich was mostly roll, & I did leave there hungry. I mean, I didn't order a Filet Mignon sandwhich, it was chicken. C-H-I-C-K-E-N. They could have at least put a whole breast on there. VERY disappointing.  My wife & son were both pleased with what they ordered,so I guess maybe it's just me, and while I appreciate Miller's generosity in extending me the gift card, I won't be returning.Ruuuuude bartenders. Was so disappointed to leave because the food looked awesome but can't stay in a restaurant that has bartenders who are as disrespectful as these two were. Unfortunately won't be back.Waited 20 minutes for a seat the wait staff lady was  very rude when I asked about seating options I then waited 40 mins for my food when I got my wings they were under cook and flavorless the manager came over and said that they weren't under cook the wings were pink in the inside horrible place they need new cooks and a new managerHalf decent drink specials. Probably the worst wings I've ever eaten.Terrible service . Service was so bad, it ruined our meal. About 25 minutes into our wait for dinner for two, a party of six, who came in after us, was served their entrees before us. When we asked the waitress about the order of service and the delay, she was dismissive,  rude, and unprofessional. She barely answered our question before storming off to get a manager.
We are a gregarious, laid back couple who dines out pretty frequently. We've never experienced this kind of service at any restaurant  establishment.  It must also be noted that both parties had burgers (so there was no clear explanation as to why their burgers came our first. Moreover,  we received our food 33 minutes AFTER appetizers.
Needless to say, we will not be returning to Miller's Ale House. Management needs to clean up their wait staff, and quickly,  if they want to stay in business.Back at Miller's again. Always good food and cold beer. Nice crowd and service is very good.My family and I were there on Friday night. We all ordered cheese burgers. When the order came out none of our burgers had the cheese melted on them. They were a solid piece of cheese. We asked for the manager who was worthless by only offering to through the burgers in the microwave to melt the cheese. This would make the roll chewy and the meat dry. Oh, he did say he was sorry. This place clearly needs better leadership to ensure consistent quality which this place has been lacking for a very long time.Another year in the League, another year of being middle of the pack. Bartender Phil runs his bar like he runs his Fantasy squad. He has some home runs, like the Zingers, and a good beer list, but he doesn't have the closing power to bring this establishment to the Bowl. On a recent night at the bar, I asked Phil why my Asian Chicken Salad was dry, and he gave us the same routine about how its better at the other Miller's that he works at. Yeah, OK Phil, just like you're in first place in your other league every year... were almost 40 dude- let me guess your girlfriend is smoking hot and you met her at camp last summer.....Maybe less time hounding the single moms and hostesses , and more time making trades, and he can turn Millers around to a perennial Boulevard contender.Wow. Cool spot! Nick working it behind that bar! Seafood Mac & cheese!! Huge plate & deelish! And I got garlic Parm wings. If u like em crispy better request that. But they r big! Tons of beers & tons on tap! I enjoyed $2.75 Bud Lite then $1 more 23 ounces! Music playing, TVs just casual atmosphere. Sports barish but better food. Lot of variety actually so everyone in your group should be happy. Daily specials, late night happy hrs. Def my kinda place! I'm from outta town so this was my 1st time. I'd def come back. ONLY complaint-it's so freaking hot in here I'm sweating thru my clothes!! Turn heat down geeZ!!Stopped in for lunch with a client. Typical American comfort/bar food. Tried to eat on the Light side. I had bowl of chowder ( okay imitation seafood chowder) nice try. Then some potstickers, okay. Others had chicken which they said was good. The waitress was great and saved them from 2.5 star review. She was in a good
Mood friendly and helpful!Second time here and again pleased. I love the Buffalo shrimp with sweet chili tai sauce. Zingers are always good. Last time asked for the calamari and it was missing.  It made an appearance this time and I was happy to see it, nice and crispy and does have that sweet tai chili sauce on it. The fish tacos were ok. And the Cajun chicken pasta was tasty. Looking forward to going back to try more of their menu choices. Also reasonable drink specials. For a sports bar very good.While staying at Four Points Sheraton for the last 11 days because of our Fox Chase condo fire we walked in the snow for dinner at Miller's Ale House. The waitress was very informative to the 46 
Draft beers and I ordered the baked Mahi
Mahi-w/vegetables in foil. I was pleasantly surprised at how good the fish was. My husband had the porterhouse which he cleaned all but our puppy's first steak bone. The manager, Jared
 Was an excellent business man and comp'd our chocolate pounder dessert. Most enjoyable evening after being displaced from our condo. Thank you Miller's Ale House. We'll be back!The menu has such a great selection of food we had a hard time deciding exactly what we wanted! We will definitely be going back. The food was delicious and pretty well priced. The atmosphere was nice and not too loud, there is a separate bar area as well. They have all sorts of seafood, pasta, sandwiches, burgers, etc...My first time at a Miller's. Its just ok food. Kind of reminds you of an applebee's or Chilis.Late night stop with some friends and a baby for dinner - I wasn't really excited to go because of the low ratings on yelp but luckily I had no say since I wasn't the driver (as usual) so we ended up here anyway. And I'm glad about it !
It's a sizable restaurant with a huge bar room for smoking which is cool if you smoke and the ventilation system must be fantastic because no smoke comes out when the door opens and closes. The wait wasn't long - maybe ten minutes, and there is ample seating for waiting for a table. We went to the middle waiting room and chatted until we were seated.
We had an awesome server who wasted no time and switched our drinks out when we didn't like them. I ordered the jambalaya because I have to order it whenever it is offered and I got it over rice instead of pasta. FANTASTIC ! it was so good and so filling that I only ate half and I was really trying. My friends got wings and they were great too. 
It's not a fancy schmancy place but it gets the job done. All for $12.Was not impressed by this place. First of all the service was poor. Waited 20 minutes just to order a drink, then another to receive said drink. I was with a group of friends and the collective feedback was the following: 
-The fish tacos were flavorless
-The blackened chicken in the blackened chicken quesadilla was "lunch meat chicken" and not blackened at all.
-The philly cheese steak was over cooked and dry and came without onions despite ordering them.
So overall, it was meh.
The beer was cheap so that was good.Me and my husband wanted to try this place for his birthday and to my surprise when we first sat down we noticed that the sliver ware was dirty my husband went to the bathroom to wash them and there was no hot water to wash the sliver ware and our waitress never asked us did we want app or something told me that the food will be out real quick. I wanted to come here to have a good time for his birthday and all that receive was a rush job and some water down drink.Millers is great! We never had bad service or a bad meal here! I highly recommend it for a date night or girls night or any occasion! The new deck is very cozy but gets loud sometimes with other patrons who don't know how to be respectful. Their food is always tasty and enough to bring home stuff! You will never get a bad meal here I highly recommend Millers!Very nice place, the food is good and they have daily specials. The priices are incredibly low and the servers are very nice. They have alot on the menu from seafood, steak, chicken eyc.My ex boyfriend took me to this place last year for my birthday, it was a big waste of money. It took the waitress fifteen min to take our order and the place wasn't even crowded.If she would of been a min longer i would of walked out, which is what i should of did. The waitress was rude and seemed like she was pissed off about something. She came back with our drinks after another ten min and then our food came about twenty min later. I got about ten piecies of lettuce in my salad and about four small piecies of cold chicken in my salad. She gave me no dressing and i had to ask her for some. She came back with the dressing about five min later, by that time I had lost my appetite. Don't even think about asking for a refill on your drink cause by the time you recive it, you'll be ready for the check. My ex got some type of fish that came out cold and smelled like it was old. I don't know why but we got desert. About another ten min later it came out. It was a piecie of cake with a cookie in it. The desert was very small for the price that it cost alone. The check came and it was extremly high for the little food that we recieved, i'm so glad it was my b-day, so i didn't have to pay. He gave her a five dollar tip, she didn't even deserve a  tip at all. Do not go here, food and service both bad, you'll regret it.OSSOBUCO Marinated pork shank slow cooked until fabulously tender. Served with mashed potatoes with gravy and vegetable of the day.Went here on a Sunday afternoon because we were close and hungry. This is not somewhere I would go out of my way to return to but it wasn't bad for a chain.  When we arrived we were told a party of two had a ten minute wait and opted to grab a drink at the bar while waiting. The bartender was very nice and quick to get us drinks. In less than ten minutes we were seated and had a very pleasant and helpful waitress. The staff here would definitely encourage me to return-the menu or kitchen needs a little help and maybe some lighter choices added - the food was really salty and overly cheesy. The steak was over cooked and the shrimp was soggy.Met friends for beer/diner and had a nice experience.  The service was outstanding.  Had steamed pot stickers and blackened chicken quesadilla for appetizers-very tasty.  I had the BBQ zingers for entree and they were awesome.  Friends had shrimp, they raved, prime rib sandwich, enjoyed very much and a cheeseburger, also complimented.  I had the Sam Adams Lager, others had Miller Lite and cocktails.  We will be back!Myself and family came for dinner. It was the worse!  We were sat and it felt so hot. When the server came to our table, we asked and he politely told us that there isn't any air conditioning on this side and the hosts know this. He had asked if we wanted to move, we said no, as he was nice. Then!!!! It took forever for our food to come out and it was getting hotter in the restaurant and noticed the manager being asked to come to many tables and he giving out gift cards to come back. I thought about it but no. We just are never coming back to this unorganized of a place to eat!!Nice atmosphere, good selection of beer , but when you mess up with the order i and  charge you for things that you did not get it right  , you got to say there something wrong with the staff in the kitchen  and the manager Jason, he came to our table and apologized and offered nothing yet I would say come to this place for a beer only, otherwise the service stinks terribleBeen here more than a few times, atmosphere is nice, place & bathroom always clean. But I really think they should stick to bar foods, their dinners are really horrible. After the second time of not eating hardly anything off my plate I won't be getting a dinner from here again. The first time it was the ribs, tasted like hotdogs, and a over cooked potatoes. The second time it was their "special" blue cheese pork chops, the plate was the most pathetic thing I've ever seen, 3 tiny pork chops, not too bad but I think they forgot to cook the one, a potato I wouldn't give to the dogs and mushy, yet hard corn. After asking for another potato I received another just as bad. I ended up sharing my husbands shrimp platter and left mine on the table. Their zingers and other bar foods are good however.I am highly disappointed. My friend and I were just there this past Saturday night for drinks and were extremely displeased with the type of service we received. Our server never checked on our table to see if we needed anything else; she only did this when she cleared my plate off the table. Secondly, we waited over an hour to see her so that we could ask for our check. Lastly, we noticed that we were charged extra on our watermelon margarita pitcher. She charged us $15 instead of $10 because she apparently "upgraded" us to the 1800 Silver Tequila without our permission. I will not be coming back to this location ever again, which is a shame because I have been here various times and never had a problem before. However, this was completely unacceptable.Went to this place 3 times. Twice to get a meal, and once to have some drinks. The two times I went for food were extremely disappointing, as I was there due to a recommendation of a friend. The last time I ate food there the service was terrible. Apps were forgotten and brought out after mains, nobody liked their food, and much of it went uneaten. I ordered the fish and chips. The fish was black, and SOAKED n grease. It was literally dripping in fat from the frier, and it was barely even warm. The fries were more like wet noodles. I didn't return the dish and ask for another, because if you can't even operate a deep fat frier, then you have to be high or just have no place in a kitchen. 
The times I went for drinks were ok. The place is really really noisy. There were quite a few people that were absolutely black out drunk, but they weren't bothering anyone. IT is a typical NE Philly bar. Nothing really sets it apart.I went there to watch the National Championship game, and I was very pleased with my experience. They have a ton of TVs and the drinks are relatively cheap. It's a great spot to watch a sports game.Our server was awesome. Ate at Miller's on Columbus Blvd kinda turned me off from franchise...but today I like it had Bavarian pretzel and bar b cue bacon burger was okay burgers fresh hand made not like in the past with the frozen burgersOne of my regular spots-I usually come here around 10pm-12am when everything else is closed because this place stays open until 1-2am. The service is okay. Sometimes it's better than other days. I love the food here though and it's well worth the money! My favorite is the Cajun chicken pasta.I am super excited about Miller's being so close. The menu was hard to pick from and I look forward to returning. I had the Cajun pasta and it was ok. Not much flavor at all so I'll probably stay away from the pasta. My husband had the osso bucco and it was decent. What I absolutely loved was the Caesar salad that was massive and our shrimp appetizer. So so so good. Want to try zingers next.First time I been here, my server Monica was rude impolite unknowledgeable and made my experience horrible. Food was great but server was disgusting. I didn't leave a tip and she said "she couldn't care any less!" She was just a terrible person. From the moment we sat down she had a very strong attitude. The second time I went (against my better judgement), I had server Kristen. She was great! She was sweet kind funny and her sister works there too and they both were so very polite! Food was great!! I tipped her very well. If you go to this location ask for  Kristen or her sister!!This place was recommended by many people and I finally decided to give it a try. The French onion soup was pretty good and so was the boom boom shrimp. The service was pretty good. I had a burger and fries for my entree. The burger was juicy yet well done just like I asked.
There wasn't anything special where I would feel like "oh my god I have to go back here" yet I'd definitely go back if someone else wanted to try. Everything was sufficient.I had always heard about this place and wanted to come . I first visited one in New Jersey and got a veggie burger and was very happy with it. It was flavorful and the portion was a decent size for the price . A few months later I came here with my parents on a weekend . We were seated and served quickly . The waitress was nice and patient and all of our food came out fast . We all enjoyed our food and had enough to take home to eat the next day . We ordered nachos for the table to share , my dad got the seafood platter and my mom and I both got quesadillas and split sweet potato fries and rice and beans . I wasn't a fan of the sweet sauce with the sweet potato fries but probably just because I prefer savory plain fries but my mom loved them . Then today I called to order out a quesadilla and rice and beans since I liked it so much . Turns out they didn't put my order in till I came but I understand they were pretty busy on a Friday night.  Luckily the manager comped my meal for the inconvenience and I really appreciated that, it was definitely good customer service . Just ate some of the food and it was great , everything was made well and tasted great . I would love to return to sit down and eat here again .Recently went on a Wednesday night and was seated quickly. The staff was friendly and the food was good. If you like your mixed drinks strong and at reasonable prices, this is the place for you-- I'll definitely be returning.Went with my cuz on Wednesday night for their "Lobster Dinner."  See menu.  I have no complaints.  Brena's service was superior.  Manager stopped over to see how everything was going, nice touch.  Staff was friendly and pleasant.  Ambiance acceptable with nice and high back booths for privacy aura.  Yea, I'd go back and I'd recommend this place.Went here with 2 of my friends from N.Y. who came to Philadelphia to see me and didn't want to go to a chain restaurant.  They liked the menu online , so we went! It was also my first time here, but a co-worker had told me she loves this place and I was happy to finally try it.  One friend had the chicken wings (Zingers), loved them and couldn't get over how big they were.  The other friend had the steak fajitas and said it was very good and the portion was also very large.  I had the macaroni with seafood (scallops and shrimp)  and was very, very happy with my choice (my mouth is watering now just thinking about it!)  It will now be my favorite for take out as I drive by after work .  Service was very good, bathroom very clean.  The drink glasses were also huge.  Did not have dessert but the choices looked great.  The menu has enough on it to please anyone.  Very happy we decided to come here.good place to watch a game and have a beerGood food and atmosphere.  Menu is pretty high quality all the way through.  Decent specials.  Volumes high during the Eagles games so if you're not watching that game, not the best place to hold a conversation.  Not an issue for me, but it is true.I live a few minutes away from the Ale House and I go there frequently. The drink specials are amazing. Let's see here... $5 pitchers? $8 buckets (5 beers in a bucket)! Other cheap drinks and specials on specific days.
The food is mediocre except for the Clam Bake which is only about $16, you get crab legs, lobster tail, potatoes, corn, clam chowder, clam, oyster, i have a feeling I'm missing something else. Their clam chowder is actually really good. I would also try the raw oysters as an appetizer.
I enjoy playing pool and this is where I usually play.
The service is all right, it could be better but they are really nice so that's always a plus.
I would give this place 3 stars but they deserve 4 stars for their drink specials.I usually come here on Friday nights after a meeting.  We've never had a wait, the food, well, what can I say?  You can't go wrong.  I've had burgers, Philly Cheesesteaks, but my favorite now is the 35-shrimp scampi.  It's less than $15, and the sauce is AMAZING!  My drink of choice is Captain and Coke, which at least on Friday nights is 2 shots of Captain for the price of one.
I'm not sure how they are other nights, but I imagine it's the same.  There's always a game on, always a lively crowd, and always a great time to be had.(vegan review)
horrible if you're vegan. they have a separate "vegetarian" menu that they break out only if you ask for it, only everything on there is loaded with cheese. they have a veggie burger of questionable veganness.
this place is even worse if you don't drink. if you drink and eat meat, you'll have a much better time here than if you do not.I was very excited to go to Miller's Ale house although I don't drink beer. I was surprised at their affordable selection of alcohol. My friend and I ordered a pitcher of red sangria and it was delicious! The drink was not watered down and we could definitely taste the alcohol. I also ordered the seafood Mac and cheese which was good and my friend ordered the cajun chicken pasta. Our portions was large and very much worth the money. The restaurant was packed but hey what can you expect for a Friday night our food came on time there were tv's all around for entertainment and our waiter was nice. Overall I enjoyed my time!For a chain, Miller's isn't too bad.
I hadn't been here in over a year after a truly HORRIBLE experience with my server and then the manager on duty. I ended up speaking with the owner the next day, who informed me that this particular manager had already put in his two weeks notice and clearly didn't care anymore. While this is certainly no excuse, I accepted his humble apology. However, I wasn't in a rush to return here.
The other night, a friend (who loves Miller's) suggested we go for dinner and a couple of drinks. The four of us went and it was packed. It was Saturday night at around 9 o'clock, so I have no issue with that. We waited about 10 minutes for a table, which was just fine. 
I noticed that since the last time I was there, they have really come a long way with their craft beer selection. I always like to see that. Also, the prices weren't terrible, averaging around $5 each- pretty standard. Food prices were good too. I ordered the 35 shrimp, which is 35 fried shrimp with cole slaw and one side- for $9.95. Not bad at all! It also tasted pretty decent. My husband had the prime rib sandwich, which he said was very good, and the other two in our group had burgers, which also looked pretty good.
For the most part, this place is decent. Nothing amazing, but certainly not bad. For an affordable night out, this is a pretty good pick, especially if you're looking to stay in the Northeast.Had the fish tacos were awesome great beer selections and it was a Thursday so my grandfather for the special which was the prime rib and he couldn't stop raving about it great place greet atmosphere and our waitress was Sam great girl ask for her when you go!I like to order wings here and watch a flyers game. The girls are young. The price for beers cost alot. I still would go back.I'm really not impressed with Miller's. Yes they have cheap drinks, but they are VERY weak. The food is not great and actually overpriced. I understand stopping here for happy hour now and again. However, there are much better options.My party of 7 stopped here yesterday for lunch.  We had to wait a few minutes because there was no one at the front desk seating anyone.  Once the hostess came back she began seating the groups of people waiting.  Once she got to us she told us it would be a few more minutes so they could put some tables together. When it was all said and done it took roughly 10 minutes to be seated.
Service was slow and the waitress would disappear for long periods of time. I asked for butter for my corn on the cob but it was cold by the time she brought it to me.
The food was bland and cold.  I opted for an entree on the Ligher Fare Menu.  I ordered the chicken breast platter which came with red bliss potatoes and corn on the cob.  The chicken was rubbery and had no flavor.  I loaded the corn and potatoes with salt pepper and butter but they were bland as well.  I was so disappointed with dinner I didn't even bother ordering dessert"Blah" is the word I'd use to describe this place.  I went there for the first time, recently, and can say I won't be back.  You know how you can walk into a bar and instantly get a feel for the place?  Well, not here.  The atmosphere is non-existent.  It's a bar that lacks any kind of feel - it's just, well, sterile.  It has the makings of a bad version of TGI Fridays. I just didn't think the place had any personality.  The bartenders were decent, but the guy that waited on my buddy and me acted like he'd rather be stepping on land mines than working.  I don't know.  This place didn't do anything for me, so I have to give it a low rating.It's a good bar place for the Northeast part of philly...it's really cheap...but in the end it's just a nicely put dive barI been to this location a few times and think the best thing is the beer menu. Ordered sandwiches and believe the quality is not there.  This time I Ordered a chicken cheesesteak and side garden salad. The cheesesteaks are more quality are at a local takeout place.My sister, my mother my children & I went there to eat, the place was not busy, we were sitted at a large booth, utensils in napkins were dirty, the food was horrible, my son and I had the 35 shrimp alfredo, shrimp had n flavor, it was not alfredo sauce, it was boiled unflavored cream, (it was watery not saucy) my sister had the Jambalaya, it was pretty much a "rice a roni" meal, no flavor my daughter had the kids spaghetti, she hated the sauce, refused to touch the meal,  my mother had the fajita skillet combo, steak and chicken was dry and seasoned sweet, buffalo wings were not coated in buffalo sauce, and had no flavor, also the calamari was dry, it barley had some sweet chili sauce on them, when i asked for marinara sauce, it was given to me and i was charged 50 cent,  i also ordered a side ceaser salad that was never given to me, waiter also took my drink for a refill but never came back with it, i had to look for him and ask for my glass back, waiters all look dirty, they wear black but their clothes are stained, one waiter walked around with his baseball cap like he is in a baseball game and had 4 towels hanging around his belt.
that was our first time and LAST!I've only been here once, but I'm giving a good review because my food was awesome. I got some kind of grilled chicken and pasta. Also the fried calamari was delicious. Nice environment but the booth seats were wooden and a little uncomfortable. Will be going back though :)Good enough for a chain restaurant. We have been to the Florida Ale Houses and love thier smoked fish dip and other dishes. This was our first time here and was disappointed to find out those items were not on this locations menu. 
Service was decent and friendly, food was avverage. Cheesesteak was actually above average in a community of real contenders.The 3 stars is for the low quality of the food. Ingredients make the dish & they use low quality ingredients. Bagged tortilla chips, frozen cooked shrimp, pre made coleslaw & guacamole ect....The best recipes or chefs on earth can't make these items taste good. It is a sports bar with a dining room not a fast casual restaurant as advertised.
The service & sports bar vibe however were 5 star. The host was friendly & personable. & Our server was attentive, knowledgeable & professional . There are at least 50 TVs showing every game possible & a lot of great beer/drink specials.
I will definitely be back to watch sports, drink beer & eat fryer food, because that it what this place excels at.First time at miller's ale house and it was a lovely experiences. Went there to see the fight last night. We sat at the bar and our server Kaitlyn and Cameron was amazing especially Kaitlyn. Thank you guys so much for an amazing service!!!I have dined at Miller's Ale House three times now, each for lunch. I have had the "Build your own burger"(I highly recommend), "35 fried shrimp"(YES! there are 35 shrimp and they aren't tiny, so bring an appetite) and the "seafood mac'n cheese" ( intriguing dish with shrimp, scallops and mushrooms).
   I immensely enjoyed the burger, custom designed by me, with bleu cheese, applewood smoked bacon and grilled onions plus their normal lettuce, tomato and some sort of special sauce. It was delicious! Great big ole piece of meat cooked to your order and fresh soft bun. Great pick for a hungry lunch and pairs well with the Yeungling beer pint, which by the way is on special for like 2.75 every day!
    The 35 shrimp were super filling and tasted as you would expect. I probably could have stopped at 25 or 30, but something you will learn about this spot is their portions are large.
   Careful, when ordering the appetizer, Chicken Nachos, you need two people to eat them all. The chicken nachos could have used a bit more chicken in my opinion and some sort of salsa or nacho sauce. They do come with some melted cheese, shredded lettuce, diced fresh tomatoes and a healthy couple scoops of sour cream on top but I did miss the salsa (Miller's manager, attn: put a little cup of a good salsa or queso on the side for dipping or pouring over the top, please). 
   The Mac'n Cheese was actually my least favorite, although the mac'n cheese was good, and for mac'n cheese lovers, could be a formidable selection, I found many other selections on the menu more appealing. I'll know for next time. The "35 Shrimp over linguine" might have been a better selection for me. 
  My wife came along on the last lunch, Saturday(4Mar'17) and ordered the fish tacos with onion rings. Actually I ordered for both of us. Slight mishap on ordering occurred as she was served the fried fish entrée. Although we both love fish n'chips, that's not what she wanted, so we had the staff correct the order, she did get the onion rings correct. We sat at the bar and they weren't all that busy, so it seemed the bartender mistakenly heard my instructions.
   Just a note to the bartender, "When a customer tells you the order is wrong, don't ask them if they are sure they ordered what they are telling you they ordered, that won't ever go well." I only had this particular bartender once, so I won't mention her name as everyone makes mistakes. The previous two lunches were on Fridays and I am excited to tell you to go on a Friday and see Melissa, she is very attentive to your selections and drinks. 
   I enjoy the inexpensive prices and the atmosphere here. It's also a great location as selections for sports bars in this neighborhood are few with this type of class and quality. SO Kudos to the management, staff and the owners! It is now one of my "go to spots" when in Philly! 
  I can't leave off my commentary without a drinks review, as I said, I like the Yeungling pints but there is a drink menu at the bar or table, upon request if you don't see it present, Check it out! My wife enjoyed the margarita pitcher specials. I help her usually but after a taste or two, she managed the rest of it herself. They are normally served to a two person party because of the amount of alcohol but since I was her driver and it was sort of a date day, I just opted to get a beer with my meal and let her "live it up". I'll post a couple pics to go along with the narrative, so look for the pitcher of Magaritas n Yeungling pint and the Mac'n cheese bowl. 
   Overall, I gave it a 4 star but I'd have given it a 5 star prior to the "order mishap and ensuing bartender interrogation". Give it a try! When ordering on Saturday noon at the bar, be forceful and repeat your order 3 times, lol. Enjoy!
   Oh, oh, ohhhh, I almost forgot, on nice days, they open the windows to get an outside breeze and it enhances the openness ambiance of the bar area near the windows. Also the TVs all around are high quality and allow for viewing of many sports games at once. Ignore my sarcasm about the ordering and go try it. Get the burger! I'm dying to try the steaks, ribeye is my favorite.1st n last time. They made us wait 25 mins for a table n when we sat the table was empty the whole time  so why did we wait.  Waiter had no clue in serving  he was nice but dumb. Salad no dressing nachos no sides  food came out separate. shame cause drinks were good but not good enough to return.I have a Miller's Ale House less then five minutes away from my house in the NE, but I will drive to South Philly just to go to this location. This location is clean, bigger, more pleasant and over all just better. My group and I went on a friday night around 7:30 and were told a twenty-five minute wait, but in actuality only waited about ten minutes. We were seated at a high top near the bar in the main dining area. Our waitress was super nice and accommodating. My girlfriend had ordered a margarita and wasn't pleased with it. Our waitress immediately offered her something else. We then started out with a pitcher of the blue long island ice tea. Pitchers are $10 which is great, but they are pretty lackluster. I would personally stick to one of the many craft beers they have to offer.
We started off with chips and guacamole. They definitely don't skimp you on chips. It's an entire huge bowl of chips in a mountain formation w/ a decently sized cup of guacamole and salsa. We also ordered the pot stickers and buffalo zingers. Pot stickers were pretty good, but I wasn't a fan of the zingers although my husband loves them. -- Entrees ordered were the cajun chicken pasta, fish and chips, turkey burger, and the mahi piccata. The cajun chicken pasta was delicious, but I barely ate any of it because the portion was so large. No complaints on the turkey burger or mahi, but my husband hated his fish and chips. In his words "a soggy mess". 
All in all, food is just okay. It's exactly what you would expect from a sports bar. 
Atmosphere is great especially if you are going to watch a game though.My girlfriend and I are at Miller's at least once a week.  It has become the default dinner spot when we don't want to cook and can't agree on another restaurant.  In general there is something for whatever you are in the mood for (unless it is something low sodium/lowfat/low flavor)  The ribs are great and discounted on Monday so it makes for a nice excuse to go out for a beer at the beginning of the week.  We have had some good servers and some not so good servers--main issue is looking for drink top-ups.  That said, tonight we had one of the best servers in town.  Kaitlin Z did a great job even though they were quite busy!  Thanks for being the reliable go-to place in town.Average food/service.  I have been going to Miller's ale house before they expanded to the northeast and expected better.  Hoping the management just needs to get things going at the new location.  I'll try again in a couple months.The one on the Blvd used to be one of my favorite restuaunts. I came to this one hoping for, at the very least, a decent meal. I've been here 4 times: once for lunch, once for a happy hour, and twice for dinner. The only time that I even halfway enjoyed my food was at lunch (I had the meatloaf special).
Not sure if management changed recently but, I went to the one on the Blvd last night for my son's birthday and shoddy service (our waiter was too cool for his own good)...like real shoddy...he forgot drinks/water/cocktail sauce, they didn't have food that was listed on the menu, the drink was weak and...and...save your money and go somewhere else. Last night was my last time visiting any of these establishments. Shame too...4years ago, I would have never thought that they would fall this far.Great place. Reasonable prices. Decent food. Great drink specials. 
Management still experiencing some challenges getting staff fully trained, but they are making progress. 
Meghan and Steve, were both very understanding and accommodating when I shared my observations regarding some potential ways to improve the customer experience during peak times. 
I'm encouraged that things will get better.Patrick was exemplary last night, on a typical visit to millers I had ordered directly from the bar since we didn't want to wait 15 minutes to get sat, I ordered a medium rare sirloin special, it was over cooked I didn't want to complain but I mentioned it to Patrick he insisted i should speak to the manager I made no fuss , but he comped it anyway and made sure the rest of my meal was fine. He was pleasant , attentive, menu knowledgeable and offered good advice, he also made sure we had water too which I thought was a nice gesture on his part. Again I couldn't have left any happier. So thanks Patrick for ensuring proper service. This is how things should always be done in any restaurant. The apple crisp was excellent, my wife's salad was good too the grilled chicken salad, and Patrick recommended the walnut chicken salad as well. Next time I stop by I'll try the prime rib for 12.99 on Thursdays.I love the bartender Antonette!  If she wasn't there I wouldn't even give this restaurant 1 star.  The kitchen staff was loud and having inappropriate conversations.  They were so loud I could hear them across the bar.  I had a conversation with the managerment and nothing changed.  I really don't think I'll go back.Two friends and I met up at Miller's last PM, it was my idea as I've been to one out here in Drexel Hill and like to give them business. We had a very good experience, food was good, along with service. I had ordered the fish and chips and was pleasantly surprised, it was so good plus big portions. I was skeptical cause I read a review saying the batter was too thick but I did not find this at all...def. recommend it! The bartender was really good as when we ordered second pitcher of White Sangria, she gave us three fresh glasses without us even asking. Definitely come back to this location when I come into S. Philly again. Second time here in two weeks, so that is saying something...ample parking is a plus too!Good wings and other bar food, decent attentive service on their first Saturday night. I came back 2 days later for take-out, prompt service, same quality.Nice and clean good waitstaff quick service and very attentive.
Food was acceptable Jambalaya needed some more heat but that is my liking shrimp were slightly overdone. The blackened shrimp and chicken Cobb salad was more than filling as the regular Cesare salad was also.
I will return.If I could give it no stars, that would be better. The food was mediocre at best and the service was mediocre as well. So if you're looking for a mediocre experience, this is the place to come. I wouldn't even waste my time honestly.I hv mixed reviews abt this place. I arrived earlier than the rest of my party & I was starving so I sat at the bar. I ordered the Long Island w/ Tito's vodka & an order of chicken zingers (bc I hv this affinity for boneless wings & this was the closest I could get) my drink & zingers were perfect. The staff at the bar were very nice and attentive. The fellow to my right had a pretty good looking dish, 35 Shrimp Scampi w/ mushrooms. I had decided that I'd order the same. Once my party arrived we were seated at a booth and out waitress  was great. However, that's where the greatness ended. When the food arrived, it was bought out by someone other than our waitress, which would've been fine except the lady was very loud yelling as if she were in a diner calling out orders. Another server did the same thing at the table next to us. If you're looking for presentation, don't. Someone ordered the grilled chicken entree & it literally looked like free lunch at school. No garnish, it was just there & the chicken was totally dried out. My shrimp scampi originally comes w/ only noodles and shrimp in garlic sauce, thank god I added mushrooms, green peppers & tomatoes. Twice servers bought other people's orders to our table.
It's a typical chain restaurant but the multiple TV screens gives it a nice pop. I would go again for the bar, I don't think it's worth a table.I hv mixed reviews abt this place. I arrived earlier than the rest of my party & I was starving so I sat at the bar. I ordered the Long Island w/ Tito's vodka & an order of chicken zingers (bc I hv this affinity for boneless wings & this was the closest I could get) my drink & zingers were perfect. The staff at the bar were very nice and attentive. The fellow to my right had a pretty good looking dish, 35 Shrimp Scampi w/ mushrooms. I had decided that I'd order the same. Once my party arrived we were seated at a booth and out waitress  was great. However, that's where the greatness ended. When the food arrived, it was bought out by someone other than our waitress, which would've been fine except the lady was very loud yelling as if she were in a diner calling out orders. Another server did the same thing at the table next to us. If you're looking for presentation, don't. Someone ordered the grilled chicken entree & it literally looked like free lunch at school. No garnish, it was just there & the chicken was totally dried out. My shrimp scampi originally comes w/ only noodles and shrimp in garlic sauce, thank god I added mushrooms, green peppers & tomatoes. Twice servers bought other people's orders to our table.
It's a typical chain restaurant but the multiple TV screens gives it a nice pop. I would go again for the bar, I don't think it's worth a table.The wings came out with no dipping sauce. It took 5 minutes for them to bring us some. The salad tasted like it was made with pre-cut bagged lettuce. Yuk!  The hostess and waitress were both good, but the food not so much. Won't be going back and since they are a chain I can only assume they are all sub par on their food.Went here on saturday for the second time.  Place was pretty crowded so we sat at the bar, no problem.  I ordered a burger, which was delicioius.  My husband ordered the steak fahita, which was terrible!  Hardly any steak came with it, (about 2 ounces tops) or anything else to put on the fahita.  We didn't sent it back but should have.  Not sure if i'll go back due to this.This place when down hill ! When we checked in and gave the woman at the door our name she told us a 30 minuet wait we waited over a 1 hour and 30 minuets and went up to her and she told us she call our name when she didn't . Remind you we were sitting across from her the whole time . The when we got to our table they took our order I advised her that I have a food allergy and she seem like she didn't really care and we waited almost 50 minuets before our appetizers came , then our server was no were around . Almost 1hour and 20 minuets again different server came over asking us if we ordered and if we needed anything. If it wasn't for this other server we would have never got our food .Went here when they first opened was a little busy for my liking....I like the system they have they text your phone or call you when the table is ready which works very well since the "waiting area" is basically non existent food was good huge portions wonderful staff....=over all good place to go to just the waiting area thing was a bummer since every time I have been here I do always have to wait there's about 8 seats total depending on how people wanna sit on the bench....after that you kind of just have to stand where you can find a spot that won't be in the waysOmg the food is great service is great they work together with all their tables amazing food.My husband and I just had a lovely date here. The service was excellent. Our bartender, Laura, was attentive without being intrusive. She clearly knows the menu and bar, had well-timed jokes, and generally made our experience positive. We got the ribeye, which came out perfectly med-rare, the broiled mahi was moist and tasty, and Laura even matched our plan to order the frozen Treasure Chest dessert to go so that it would get home without melting. This restaurant is unpretentious and high quality!I was really glad to welcome Miller's to my neighborhood. My husband and I decided to give them a try today...
We walked in; myself, husband and baby in car seat. Hostess tried to sit us in the loud-ish bar area but we asked to sit in the dining room. There were 4 empty tables right in our eye sight but the hostess had us wait. After a few minutes of waiting, she walked us to one of the tables that was empty and set up when we walked in. I found that strange. 
I ordered soup to start while we decided on our entrees. After bringing our beverages, ten minutes later, the waitress asked if we were ready to order. She stated that she did not put my soup in yet because she didn't know if I would change my mind. I was starving, that's why I ordered it right away. Like an appetizer. Duh. The tomato basil soup was fine. Not memorable. 
I ordered the rib special (full rack, fries and slaw). Ribs were small, underwhelming and dry. Husband ordered ossobuco (we later realized we should've known). The ossobuco came out ice cold in the center. We told the waitress who had to get a manager while my food is getting cold now. Manager offered to "fry it back up". While this ossobuco was obviously once cooked and frozen, reheated today, we thought cooking it a third time probably wouldn't do it good. He opted for a burger which was very good. We had to eat our dinners separately. 
Beer selection is very good, although server didn't know what the beer was that my husband ordered and bartender "couldn't find it", hence it taking ten minutes. It was a Sierra Nevada. Atmosphere is nice and very family friendly. They need a lot of training from front of house to kitchen. There are a lot of other options in South Philly; we probably won't be back.My best friend and I had dinner (steak special) and drinks at Millers a few weeks ago. We were delightfully surprised by the delicious steak special for less than $11 which included a vegetable and an amazing baked potato. My friend enjoyed a mojito but it was a "school night" for me so I had an enormous Diet Coke. The waitress was honest, cheerful and knowledgeable. The steak was tender and tasty. You can't lie to yourself at Miller's the calories are posted proudly next to each item which kept me from breaking my midweek calorie limit of 1200-1400 cal/day. Reading the calories for all of those items made me rethink my choices from many of other restaurants I recently visited. Let's face it calories for french fries don't really vary just portion sizes. I had a moment of self reflection as I mentally revisited every meal I've had over the passed few months. I wish all restaurants posted the calories like Millers does. I'd be a lot closer to my goal weight if they did.We decided to try Miller's based on a friend of my daughters reviews. It was very crowded since it was Mother's day. But we got seated fairly quickly. Our server was very friendly and attentive. I ordered a margarita which was mostly mixer. For appetizers we ordered the fried calamari which the coating was overpowering. The calamari was chewy and tasteless. We also ordered the fried dumplings. We were explained the was a kitchen mishap and had to be remade but they arrived overcooked. My daughter ordered a cesar salad with her entree that came with no dressing. And the steak arrived without the additional topping and had to be sent back. Her friend ordered zinger combo with lemon pepper. The seasoning was all at the bottom of his plate and made his food so salty he sent his food back as well. My plate was the fish and chips. The fries weren't crispy and the fish although plentiful was flavorless. We ordered dessert to share... The brownie sundae was served with one hard brownie and one soft brownie. Guess we weren't suppose to notice that with the ice cream and whipped topping. We were told all Mom's would receive gift cards in our way out but the staff was too busy talking amongst themselves to even noticed anyone leaving so we had to ask for them. But we wondered how many other people who didn't know about the Mother's day special didn't get one??? Some special....
My daughter and I both agreed to try this place again with the hopes of a less busy day the food would be better...
My 3 stars is for my server only...This will be the last time I will ever go to this Miller's. I've tried to give them chances on chances to get it right but they have failed. I wrote my feelings about my experiences and have talked to management about them. The problems they are having are service. I'll tell you what I have gone through. I went in one night and sat at the bar. The one bartender said hi Al from the service bar. I said hello back the other bartender was taking a drink order right next to me. When she came back with their drinks she failed to take mine. I waited at the bar stool for 15 minutes with that bartender going back and forth not even asking if I want something. I got up and left. The next night I came in and I told that bartender I left last night because no one served me. That bartender thought the other bartender was taking car of me. This night my partner and I had dinner. Everything was going ok until both bartenders left the bar and left us without drinks and didn't return for about 10 minutes. It wasn't until I called the host stand to get a manager's attention to come to the bar to service us. I called one night for take out. I was placed on hold and it kept ringing back to the host desk. They kept placing me on hold. Finally the host picked up and said the bartenders weren't answering so they were going to walk over to the bar to get them to pick up. I hung up after 18 minutes waiting. I talked to management all about these experiences. The final straw. I went in last night and there was one bartender behind the bar and the bar was dirty and there were only two guests. We sat down and the bartender said hay guys where have you been. We told her very busy. I didn't want to tell her the truth that we waited to give them more time to get their act together. She gave us menus and coasters for drinks but walked away to handle packing of a to go order before taking our drinks. We sat that while she was trying to get the order together for the guest all the while we are waiting. The guest kept on stopping her for other things. The bartender should never be taken off the bar. They should not be putting together to go orders this is the job of the runner and expeditors. We got up and left again and told the host the problem and left my name and phone number. I haven't heard back which I'm glad. It goes to show you that this management staff is poor. The food is not well coordinated either. If you don't want everthing at one time don't place it that way. The chefs don't know how to cook a steak that is correct like another review. I ran hotels and restaurants all my life and I wanted Miller's to come down to South Philadelphia because I have experienced other ones and love them. This one is as bad as the place they replaced Chammps.I get that this is a new location so i understand they have some kinks to work out.  Been here twice,  first time i ordered wings and they weren't even cooked all the way... Decided to go a second time,  me and my buddies ordered beers,  she took literally 15 min each time to bring a beer out... Mind you it wasn't that busy,  then my buddy ordered shots to the bartender and told her where we were sitting,  she acknowledged and then conversated w someone for about ten min,  my Buddy goes back over and she tells him they dont have it... I been to millers ale house in mt Laurel and it had excellent service,  maybe take a page out of there book?Miller's has a gnat infestation. It appears they've added interior screens/shades (?) to the windows in the bar area, but their efforts weren't successful. Hundreds of gnats were flying around between the window and the interior screen next to our table. One ended up in my flatbread, yum. 
Presentation of food was dismal. One member of our party ordered a burger and it came topped over.
Our waitress was very kind, so that's the only reason there's two stars and not one. 
The member of our party that suggested this restaurant apologized to us all afterwards. We won't be back. Next time I'm in the area, I'd rather eat at IKEA.Thank God a reasonable and updated sports bar came to Philly! The ambiance is more casual than a sports bar, but has the same experience as a sports bar. It is the perfect place to go for happy hour, a date or just kick it and relax! The bar area is a perfect lounge with large TV's and not over crowded on top of each other and the restaurant is casually done to have a perfect night / date out. The hostesses greet you warmly and introduce you to the special of the month and happy hour . There is wonderful variety of food for the "picky" eater (myself). The servers are personable and give recommendations if you are stuck deciding. The price and the portions are fabulous. I love to cook and and the presentation of the food was inviting and it was as tasteful as it looked.  The timing of the food was well intermittent. We didn't feel rushed and it was crowded during a Villanova march madness game. The drinks were well prepared and garnished that a table asked, " what we were drinking?" It is a very comfortable and inviting place to go. It is my new "hot" spot. I have been to the one in Springfield and I must admit, I am not a fan of philly, but, I loved this one much more. Keep up the good work!The service is definitely improving and the food and drink prices have always been great. 
Emily was my server tonight and she was a pleasure. Extremely pleasant and very cute. 
What more can you ask for????At first I wasn't happy with slow service.  The manager sat us at a section without a waitress.  But our waitress really stepped up to the plate.  Stephanie turned it around. She provided superior customer service and was very made our experience better.   The food was also surprisingly good.  The Ossobuco was very good and the rib eye steak was also good and cooked perfectly.  
So we will be back.Hands down the best waitressing service I've ever experienced at any chain restaurant. Katrina W you rock! Someone give this chick a raise!My family and I fell in love with this restaurant from the first time we went two weeks ago. We've been there twice but I can't wait to go back. The food was great. The service was amazing and quick. Great atmosphere and everything.Ate here on a whim the other night and was glad we did. We got a build your own burger and build your own chicken sandwich.  It was surprisingly good! Great ingredient choices, and was fresh.
We had excellent service from our server and The crowd was refreshingly mixed of dates, family's with older kids and happy hour crowd. Will totally come back here for a well priced meal on the way to ikea.My best friend and I had dinner (steak special) and drinks at Millers this eve. We were delightfully surprised by the delicious steak special for less than $12.99 which included a vegetable and an amazing baked potato. My friend enjoyed a vodka cherry lemonade but it is a "school night" for me so I had an enormous Diet Coke. The waitress was honest, cheerful and knowledgeable. The steak was tender and tasty. You can't lie to yourself at Miller's the calories are posted proudly next to each item which kept me from breaking my midweek calorie limit of 1200-1400 cal/day. Reading the calories for all of those items made me rethink my choices from many of other restaurants I recently visited. Let's face it calories for french fries don't really vary just portion sizes. I had a moment of clarity as I mentally revisited every meal I've had over the passed few months. I wish all restaurants posted the calories like Millers does. I'd be a lot closer to my goal weight if they did !Very awesome atmosphere. Rebecca was my bartender yesterday and she was very laidback kept me entertained. Got the zingers and chicken nachos and they were really good. Wish there was more condiments or less chips for the chicken nachos because i left with a lot of soggy chips underneath. But overall it was a great time!First visit.  Today celebrated a birthday and happy with choice made. Was greeted and it seemed like everyone enjoys their job there. Josh was our server and was great. Attentive but not overly attentive.  Had the bbq chicken flatbread as appetizer and it was so damn good. Shrimp and fajitas were good. The best fajitas I've had so far. Only negative really is portion size could be a bit bigger for price paying.love the wings it's small but vey nice they did a nice job....the service was great and the workers very nice
..Overall- the food was not good. It lacked flavor. The atmosphere is very nice and the restaurant is very cleanWow this place has gone down hill. Went tonight for dinner. Seated quickly. Ordered a hot tea. Came with no tea bag in it. Waitress explained they were out of small bags so she put a larger bag in there for a few minutes then took it out. Tasted like flavored water, not tea. Sent it back and ordered coffee. She brought it but they were out of cream so she gave me a small open dipping container of milk. Okay...on to dinner. Ordered the spinach artichoke dip and chips. Literally was a handful of chips and the rest were crumbs. Had to ask for actual chips with our dip. She came back with chips so greasy they had actual oil accumulated in the plate. Totally gross. Husband and I both ordered the shrimp scampi. It came out yellow. No joke. It was in this incredibly thick yellow almost cream sauce. Not scampi at all. I asked for grated cheese. Took 10 minutes for her to bring it. Again, in the small open dipping container. One had a piece of shredded carrot in it. The other had a piece of parsley in it. Really??? I can't say enough what a complete waste of $50 this meal was. Never never again.What we ate: zingers with a mix of lemon pepper and hot sauce as per servers suggestion (pretty good) don't come with fries so have to order separate, shrimp scampi (better than I expected), combo fajitas, and the brownie sundae (awesome, exactly what a brownie sundae should be, I would've loved nuts with mine). 
Service: hostesses might as well have not been there, almost same with the bussers. Manager was super sweet and attentive. Our server Harold and his trainee Tim were kind and attentive. 
Overall it was your typical sports bar experience, nothing majorly bad, but nothing that would make me crave another visit. Except the sundae (:I've been to Miller's Ale House 3 times  first time I sat at a table and I've sat at the bar twice. This place has a lot of potential, my server was great when I got table service, but the bartenders are another story they have absolutely no personality!!! I have heard them complaining about not making any money which is not surprising as they just don't fit the Philadelphia restaurant scene . They keep telling customers that "they are  from jersey" so they don't know anything when asked a question. Get some Philly girls in there they'll clean up and the customers will be happy and tip away!Patrick was exemplary last night, on a typical visit to millers I had ordered directly from the bar since we didn't want to wait 15 minutes to get sat, I ordered a medium rare sirloin special, it was over cooked I didn't want to complain but I mentioned it to Patrick he insisted i should speak to the manager I made no fuss , but he comped it anyway and made sure the rest of my meal was fine. He was pleasant , attentive, menu knowledgeable and offered good advice, he also made sure we had water too which I thought was a nice gesture on his part. Again I couldn't have left any happier. So thanks Patrick for ensuring proper service. This is how things should always be done in any restaurant. The apple crisp was excellent, my wife's salad was good too the grilled chicken salad, and Patrick recommended the walnut chicken salad as well. Next time I stop by I'll try the prime rib for 12.99 on Thursdays.Went there for for a meal and some beer recently. Prices are fair,  but the food is average at best and the beer was definitely watered down. 
Tried two different stouts here (both of which are normally pitch black in color) and both of them had a transparent, amber color when ordered here. The drinks did not have their regular, stronger taste either.Just tried to order to go was told to hold for a moment waited just to get redirected back to the same person who said to hold a moment just to be put on hold again waited a moment so I just hung up because I take that as warning signs of just not getting the food because it's not going to turn out rightSeriously so ghetto now! First we arrived around 10:30pm the place doesn't close until 12am. The host came to greet us and made us walk around to 2 different tables before seating us because I guess certain waitresses were getting ready to go. Okay not a big deal but then the waitress in the section next to our table kept slamming things as she was cleaning. Some of the male waiters in the back were talking about "how many bitches they get" super loud by the way we were sitting by the front door and could hear them all the way up there. Our waiter took forever to take our order because he was a part of the group talking extra loud in the back. Its always a disappointment when I come here but today really made me want to walk out and not come back.I have been to the Willow Grove and Langhorne locations of Miller's and each time it is consistently great. They have a good selection of beer and my favorite nachos. At this particular location Jennifer was especially accomidating in helping my boyfriend and I have vegetarian nachos. I wi definitely be back!Well this restaurant is okay.  FOOD IS GOOD.  The first time I came here was when my sister invited me to join her and her husbands family.  I had an amazing time.  Our waitress was attentive and awesome.  She knows her beers and recommended one to my sister and I and we loved it very much.  This waitress deserves 10-Stars she was really a very professional waitress and our visit was on a Saturday during an early afternoon.  The reason why I gave 4-stars is because of the second time visiting for dinner with my husband on a Friday evening and OMG!!!  Our waitress was lost.  It took forever to get food and when we finished it took forever to get our check.  What a terrible experience on a Friday evening.  I will definitely NOT ever visit on a Friday and it's shocking to me it's A FRIDAY!!!!  People work hard and want to visit a good a restaurant, eat good food and enjoy a few beers.  It should of been packed, and it was not.  So I didn't understand why our waitress took so long and was inattentive.  Love Saturday's at this location.Slow service, currently waiting an hour for our dinner. Refreshments were refilled once every 30 minutes and we barely saw our server. We complained to the manager but he didn't really seem to care.
Last time we come here.I came here on a Saturday night, and they were swamped! I sat at the bar, and I believe a college basketball game was on, Ohio state against Iowa. I was immediately asked what I wanted to drink within 5 minutes of sitting down! Brielle was my bartender, and she was so personable! I loved my experience at Millers Ale House, I will definitely be coming back! 
P.S. she makes a great vodka soda!1st n last time. They made us wait 25 mins for a table n when we sat the table was empty the whole time  so why did we wait.  Waiter had no clue in serving  he was nice but dumb. Salad no dressing nachos no sides  food came out separate. shame cause drinks were good but not good enough to return.
So gave them another try not sure why. Worst than the 1st time.  Called n was told they take reservations. When we got here they said no they don't but will be seated in 35 mins. Well after 1 hr 22 mins we sat. Got a soda dropped on me. Appetizers came out with no plates. My food was wrong.  Desserts cake out 1 at a time. I spoke with manager about stains on my jacket n she handed me water n rag!   I went off. NEVER NEVER AGAINGreat food but most important the customer service was even better. Our sever DJ was one of the greatest. The company needs more servers like him with great hospitality. Thanks again for the excellent service!First timer here. 7/10
There's was a 25 minute wait, no big deal. 
Took a minute for anyone to get to the table to even ask about drinks.
My husband ordered a beer, and it tasted like soap. Like the bottom of the keg. 
I got a margarita, it was delicious! 
Food: I ordered the nachos, good, except the chicken on them. Not good. After spitting out 3 bites of chicken, I just ate around it.
My husband LOVED the 'cue bacon burger. 
For $34 it was decent.Stopped in today and accidentally wandered into their soft opening. I haven't been to a Miller's before so I wasn't sure what to expect but whatever it was the staff, food and decor easily surpassed it.  The staff at the inside bar was helpful, friendly and fast.  There were Tv's everywhere but I was much more than a sports bar and the French dip was excellent.  This is a welcome addition to the areaI just left Miller's Ale House on Colombus blvd. My 8yr old niece took me there for a special dinner of appreciation. She used her gift card that she got for her birthday. This is her favorite resturant, but this location is her first time visiting. We usualy go to  the one in Springfield. When we arrived they said it would be a 20 min wait, but we actualy got a table in 11min. That was a great start, so i thought. We were seated at our table in the back along the wall before the restrooms. We sat there for about 10-15 looking at the menu and talking. I noticed that several servers passed our table and not one stopped to see if we were being helped. I was trying to be patient. ..i didn't want to ruin anything for my niece.
A server from across the room asked if we were being helped. Her name was Shantae(spelling?) She said i'll just take your order and put it in...then by that time your server should arrive. We waited another 15min or so and no server. Shantae passed us again and asked if we got our server or food yet. I said no. She went in the back got our food and continued to serve us. As we were about to leave, another family of 3 were seated. Within 5min or less the server appeared and took their order. The part that"s upseting is the fact that , that server passed us several times and never said a word. If it wasn't for upseting my niece...i would've left a long time ago. The service was horrible!!
I would like to thank Shantae for her teamwork and serving us..eventhough it wasn't her table she just jumped right in!! 
I will not be returning. If i were anyone reading this, i would skip this location(except for Shantae)I love Miller's Ale House. I'm very familiar with the sports bar chain that I found in Florida over 20 years ago. They have 80 HDTVs. I'll say that again, EIGHTY HDTVs. I don't think a single one is smaller than 60". They have NFL Sunday ticket, NHL season pass, NBA league pass and a true HDTV signal. If you want a certain game, they've got it.
Why I love Miller's is simple. Great sports bar, terrific bar food and dinners, along with great beer and drink specials. $8 Miller Lite pitchers everyday, all day. A total of 48 beers on tap. Ranging from the obvious American beers, local micros, national micros, and international favorites. A full bar, with $2.95 Captain Morgan, Smirnoff with any mixer. Doubles are $5. Kettle One at $5.95 with any mixer, $9.95 doubles. I can't cover all the pricing, but this should give you a very good idea of how cheap it is to drink here. 
I'm in no way affiliated with Miller's, though my review may seem that way. I'm just excited this chain moved into my neighborhood, and I hope they succeed. Very worth the trip, you won't be disappointed!This place is good if your looking for a Bennigans type meal.  The service is great but the food is very salty.  South Philly needed one of this restaurants, and I'm glad it got one, but the kitchen should be more aware of the taste of the food.Everything was great about this experience: tasty food, quick and friendly service, hangout-esque environment, and sizable portions.
I have heard great things about this place for weeks, so I finally made the choice to go last Thursday. Upon arrival, my party of 4 got a 20 minute wait, which was no big deal.
We started off sharing a plate of chicken nachos...which were absolutely delicious. We probably could have easily gone through two plates. I personally had the build-your-own chicken sandwich as my entree, and that too was very good. One person in my group said their ribeye sandwich was overly salty.
This is definitely no place to go on a first date, but definitely come with friends to hang out. Good to music, lots of TV's, and you can openly talk at a regular volume without overbearing the conversation of people sitting near you...just don't get too loud.
Definitely stop by this place for a good lunch/dinner if you're in the neighborhood.A fun place, with very good food, to watch a game with friends. The atmosphere is relaxing and casual. The staff is friendly and efficient. Plenty of TVs and beer. I wish they had a list of their taps. They say they have 48 drought but there was no list.We recently went to Miller's Ale House South Philly location on a Friday night. My cousin was looking for a unique way to announce her bridesmaids, so she came up with game night. Anastasia the manager was awesome she was in on it & we believed that they have game night at this location. To make a long story short we played games & at the end they brought over a puzzle that we had to put together quickly in order to win a free dinner (lie) and it revealed that they were the bridesmaids! Everyone was so surprised! I'm giving them a 5star for excellent customer service, willingness to play along, prompt service for over 20 guests, friendly & efficient servers (Shawna & Tai) who went above & beyond to help us, and last but not least the food & drinks were really good.Miller Ale House is our newest addition to the south philadelphia neighborhood , formered Champps. Before Champps was shut down I had eaten there once and I enjoyed the food very much . So when miller was being built I was very excited and was hoping to have another good restaurant closed by to home .
My boyfriend and I decided to dine here with my stepdaughter and a friend of ours . We walked in and got greeted/seated right away . It took us awhile to look over our menus and decide on what we plan on getting because the menu to me was very limited . So we all decided to get pasta dishes . I should never do that again unless I'm eating it at real Italian restaurant . None of us liked our pastas . I felt like mines was drenched in oregano because thats all I can taste and smell while I'm eating my pasta . My stepdaughter's spaghetti and meatball barely had any sauce on hers so she had to asked for more sauce . My boyfriend ordered the shrimp scampi and didn't like his food either. Our friend just decide on drinking beer and the only thing we actually enjoyed eating was the zingers that we had ordered for appetizer .
Service was good . My waitress was attentive and nice. We just didn't enjoyed our entrees .I  work up the street and my coworkers and I WERE regulars there BUT the staff changeover has led to long waits where we had to leave before our food came out.
I am sitting here now with friends, walked in at 5:05pm and just got our first drinks and appetizers at 6:08.
So sad, this place WAS a good place to visitMe and a group of friends came to watch a UFC fight. it was a packed night as you can imagine anytime for sports people are getting drunk and eating bar food at this great place. Took a few minutes to be seated but the front of the house was attentive.
Once we had been seated our server was no where to be found not a hello or may I grab you water. I noticed a young man walking pass I asked him can he allow our server to know we'd like to order asap. He said he will look for her. He came back and notified me of my servers name and who she was. Yet 5 minutes later still no greeting from our server.
Finally our server "DENISE" walked by clearly with an attitude and in a bad mood, she looked out way and keep forward. I said "excuse me miss" as she stopped I replied "are you our server? we wanted to place an order for some drinks and food before the fights over." Her response clear as day that she didn't want to take our order was "well I'm going to close up a few tables tabs first." and walks off. minutes later another server came to take care of us named Jazmin a taller lady. She was very helpful, and after made the rest of the night run smoothly even though it was getting close to 1:45am last call for drinks. 
The poor customer service we received from Denise made it clear that all of my friends do not look forward coming back to this establishment.Great new sports bar in South Philly! Friendly staff that goes above and beyond for customers. I hope it will remain that way and not only in the beginning like the start of most business. Food is good, drinks are good. Amazing prices! We ordered a to go item after we got our check and got the wrong item when we got home. If it weren't for the wrong menu item, location would have gotten 5 stars. It was not extremely busy so there was no excuse or recovering from that mistake. Overall good experience and will definitely return!Made a last minute on the whim decision to come here to grab lunch. By far a good decision, the food was great, server named Don was phenomenal. This place has plenty of televisions so you can watch the game while tossing down a few drinks. I ordered the Atlantic Salmon which came with broccoli and coleslaw and I devoured it in as my girlfriend would say "2.2 seconds." Also ordered the potstickers as an appetizer and devoured that as well. I will definitely return here for a meal. If you're in the south Philly area look this place up, stop in for a quick meal.Surprisingly, I enjoyed the place!  I had never been before and never heard anyone talk about the place. There are TVs all around to enjoy any type of game with your standard American/bar food. 
They also have great lunch and dinner specials. We started our late lunch with nachos with were covered in toppings. Very tasty!  I had a Caesar salad, and my fiancé ordered a burger. Both were food and tasted quite fresh. The only disappointment was the lack of fries that came with the burger meal. I was hoping to eat the fries and there were less than ten on the plate. You would have thought that some fell off the plate but the server said that was the correct quantity. Womp womp.The first time I came here, I got pretty good food and okay service. The second time, I didn't receive my food but got excellent service. 
My waitress was great right off the bat the second time I visited Miller's. There were a few large parties, so there was a very long wait for my pasta, which I opted not to get after waiting for way too long (the other people I was with were done and waiting). Our server, Riley, was excellent when this happened.  She was very apologetic, friendly, and even though I left without eating, I was not upset. She is a great waitress and knows how to handle difficult situations. 
I'd definitely recommend this place!Had a great lunch at the bar today. First time visiting this new spot in any of their locations. Our food was really good and Melissa, the bartender, was fantastic. I can't wait to go back again and try more of the menu.My family and I have been here a few times, which I generally will do before reviewing something. When this used to be "Chammps" - we went often. Slowly, that menu became far too "hipster" and it shut down. When I heard it was going to be a Millers Ale House, I wasn't all that excited. However, we decided to give it a try. 
First, the layout is perfect for a pub-type eatery. Lots of booths, a separate bar area and TVs just....everywhere. The food is quite reasonably priced and the selection is great. 
They have a unique system when on a wait - they "call" or "text" you to let you know the table is ready. This past visit on 1/20/17, we were treated to a wonderful waitress, Jaz. 
It was my wife and I this visit and Jaz was amazingly personable, friendly and helpful. Always making sure we were ok with drinks and/or food - or just to come by with a smile. This same statement can really be made for the entire staff - as i've yet to encounter a person with so much as a frown. I am beyond pleased at this place, and hope they continue to do well and employee people like Jaz. I recommend this for anyone looking for a few brews or just a nice casual dinner. Well done guys.I can say this place has improved a lot since the place opened. I have been here numerous times to sit at the bar and for food. I was able to use the gift card the manager mailed me after my horrible experience a few months ago. Food was good and the service was on point. Thank you!I had a great steak salad here while shopping on a Saturday. They have a lot of TVs, so it's a great place to watch the game. The steak on my salad was honestly really tasty! My bar was set pretty low because this is a chain, but it is better than it has to be. Service was a little slow but there was only one waitress and a bartender floating in and out so it wasn't for lack of effort on our waitress' part.Good beer selection, service is hit or miss. A tip don't EVER get steak here. Cooks don't  seem to know the difference between med rare and well done. I love the one in Springfield, but this one needs some work. And fast. Wishing i choose longhorne.Miller's... definitely a place to try out. I lii've ther osso buca. Every time I've had it it's's been excellent. Service could have been a little better but it was the first day of employment for our waitress. The drink was weak but tasted good. Tito's strawberry lemonade.My boyfriend and I decided to eat at Miller's for the first time last night, the set up to the place was amazing, tv's everywhere which works for him being he's a huge sports fan. Got seated right away, not bad for a Saturday night. I ordered a shrimp scampi and an entree of crab legs, crab legs came out cold, they definitely was not freshly done, was very disappointed with that. Shrimp scampi was very plain and smothered with butter and garlic dice. My boyfriend ordered a steak with baked potato, it was all very dry and absolutely no taste to it. Over all the presentation was nice but the food was not what we hoped  for it to be. Will only consider coming back for drinks at the bar during a sports game.We've been twice in the last week :)
Once for a quick bite and the other after leaving Longhorn with the worst service and food ever...Margo the first time and Jaz the second time were spot on...we come from corporate restaurants--they hit all the "points" without being pushing or robotic...super easy and simply good service. Food has never been bad. Glad you are in the South Philly neighborhood.Stopped by for a quick bite. So glad millers opened up in southbphilly so we don't have to drive to nj every time we want millers . Had great service and food. Malika was great, she was very attentive and friendly.I saw at the bar and the servers were wonderful and very attentive. They made sure our drinks were refilled and always made sure we were ok. I ordered the spinach dip and rib eye with veggies, and mashed potatoes. The steak was cooked how I like it and the veggies were seasoned perfectly! Usually I have to use salt and pepper on my veggies but not that night! 
The game was on and there was a raffle taking place for an Eagles jacket. I didn't stay long to see who won but the jacket looked warm.I think this Miller's location is okay. The food was okay and the service wasn't bad. She didn't mix up our orders and none of the children complained about their food. I have seven kids with me ages 7mths- 11yrs.. they liked what they had. The appetizers were good. We had wings and mozzarella sticks. Oh yeah and the spinach dip was good. I don't like sports much and I have no clue how you watch a sport with all those different televisions and no sound. I don't get it.