Before I share the main issue, I want to share the reason I give any stars is because of our awesome server, LaToya. She was thoughtful and engaging! 
The black bean burger was dry. Sweet potato fries were good. 
Today while at lunch with a group of colleagues the most disturbing thing happened. I noticed the manager in a green sweater lingering around the entrance and then two cop cars with lights flashing pulled up and 3 officers rushed in walked to the table next to us that the manager was pointing to and one of the officer's proceeded to pull out their handcuffs and tell the guy delivering food to put food down at the table and hands behind his back. They escorted him near the front door and had him sit down for a moment before taking him outside in freeZing cold with no jacket where he stood for a few minutes while cops came in and out of restaurant. 
This entire thing was poorly handled, disturbing and unsettling not only to the customers but the other staff. They should have had the cops walk back away from where customers were and deal with it there. Then all the managers disappeared not available to talk to any of the customers let alone apologize or acknowledge people being unsettled. 
No one needs to know why the arrest happened but there needed to be more care for customers and staff in how it was handled. 
Not ok!!!I've heard a lot of cool things about Misconduct, so I figured to try this place for myself. Unfortunately, I do NOT agree.
The menu looked good, but the food was mediocre at best. The avocado sticks had a great panko breading and was well cooked, but it was bland. The garlic aioli tasted like canned mayo with store-bought minced garlic. Instead, we put a lot of salt on them.
I had ordered the shrimp sliders...that was the WORST!!! There was NO indication that this slider had shrimp in it. When I bit into it, it tasted like I had a mouth full of grease and gristle. 
The server was very nice and accommodating. She asked if I wanted anything else. I ordered the salmon sliders...can't go wrong with salmon, right? Wrong. The salmon was good, (but here we go again!), it was bland. The sauce on it looked good, but that was bland too. After putting a bunch of salt and pepper on it, I took a bite and the bun was overcooked; it was toasted all the way though. At this point, I just asked for the check.
I'm glad they didn't charge me for those meals. However, it would've been nice if management showed some kind of respect AND a professional courtesy by coming to our table to address our concerns. As far as I'm concerned, "misconduct" is a perfect name for this place.Went here for the first time a couple weeks ago to watch the NBA Playoffs with a friend.
The good stuff: 
the hostess was very friendly and welcoming, chatted with us, and moved us to a great spot to watch the game. There are tons of screens which is great for watching sports. 
The waiter was also very attentive and nice, always ready with water and to take orders for beer. There was no particular thing that I can remember, but I just recall thinking at the end of the night "I liked our waiter".
The ok stuff: 
Beer selection was fine, not too large of a selection, but at least one of the major styles. The only issue was that the sizes of beers weren't specified on the menu.
The cheesesteak empanada were alright.
The bad: 
The sweet potato fries were very undercooked and hard. My friend even gave his to me, because he couldn't eat them. I only ate them because I was coming off a 48 hour fast, and could have eaten cardboard at that point. 
The burger (The Philly Special) was also pretty disappointing. It was cooked to my liking and juicy, but lacking in any flavor. I wouldn't order it again.
Overall:
A good place to have some drinks and watch sports, but stick to the appetizers and get dinner elsewhere.Kicked everyone out at 1:40, despite their door saying 2:00 am close. Clearly just wanted our money then wanted us to leave. Bartenders were not friendly and bouncer was a jerk. Do not go here.Funny that this place has so many mediocre/bad reviews, yet is fully packed!  We were lucky to get seated right away.  Food quality is pretty standard for a bar - not bad but not amazing (had the grilled cheese & roast pork sandwich).  Our waitress was not particularly attentive and we waited quite a while for drinks and the check.  They have a decent variety of drinks however, the Stella on tap was definitely stale.What a joke. If I could leave 0 stars I would. Waited at the bar for hours for a seat (would be 30 mins), caught the bartender putting well tequila in their $10 "epsilon tequila" drink, and never received an update on when seating would be available - 3 hours later.
Thanks, but no thanks. Try taking care of your customers. You are easily the lowest rated Yelp restaurant in the area, for good reason.This place is the absolute worst. Not only were there cockroaches in the bathroom but the doorman and manager  threaten to arrest my friend who tired to kill the cockroach that was crawling up my leg in the bathroom. Would rate 0 stars if it was an option.I love the roast beef sandwich at the Locust St location, but the wait for a table there was 30 min. So, I called this location and asked if they have the same menu, the girl said it was pretty much the same. (She didn't sound confident, so I should have figured she was guessing.) 
At this JFK location, the roast beef sandwich was open-face with gravy and mushrooms. I didn't think it was good. The meat was tough and dry with no flavor. It was a waste of $13.50. 
The waiter and staff were very nice and gave good service.This was almost embarrassing to write over a salad but the service was so horrible. 
Coworkers and I stopped by for lunch to watch the World Cup and get some food. We sit at the bar and wait 15 minuets for drinks while the bartender clearly payed attention to the suits who needed refills then she serves new customers at the bar a drink after she told us to wait.
SO , we WAIT ANOTHER 15 mins to order food: 3 simple Cesar salads (one with chicken) . 
Even making it easier we pay ahead since it was our lunch break. 
Our colleague got their Cesar salad within minuets...
The two other small Cesar salads took 30 min!!!
HOW DOES THAT HAPPEN?!
The bartender was less then apologetic that the small salads took longer because one of them had chicken on it. The small Cesar salad with chicken was so burnt it was inedible
Needless to say, i left no tip and I was late getting back to work .
Service needs major improvementGood beer, but I'm not sure how this place is so big and they decide to have 30 inch TVs on the wall. Seriously, there is plenty of room to put up 56 inchers along the outside perimeter and this place would kill it. No point in having small TVs on a wall that is 18 feet tall. Will come back here if they upgrade the TVs and realize they can be an awesome sports bar.Food: decent
Beer selection: ok
Service: poor
Location: great
Could be a 4 star type place if the staff was a little more on point.Working at 20th and Market, I was super pumped when Misconduct opened on JFK- close to work and on the way to the train= score. It's a good happy hour option and has nice outdoor seating. The hostesses and wait staff I've had can be rude at times but the bartenders have always been friendly. The place does fill up quickly for happy hour, so be sure to get there early if you want a table.I'm not quite sure why there are so many bad reviews for this place. It's located in the same apartment complex my friend lives in so we came here for a quick and relatively cheap dinner compared to what was around us. We got the veggie and chicken sliders, with fries and potato salad. The potato salad had a slight tang to it - not bad, but I preferred the other food. The veggie sliders were good and the chickpeas were a nice though, though I wish it had just a bit more flavor. The chicken sliders were great! The chicken was tender and the soy glaze was amazing. Service was fast, but we also went at 8 PM on a Sunday. Definitely filling and seems like the rest of the menu is your typical bar food.Perhaps the middle of a Saturday afternoon is the time to visit, but I had a swell time at Misconduct Tavern. 
My group sat at the bar and ordered from the bartender. I was on the fence about my beer selection, so he let me sample the one I was contemplating. Good thing he did, because I went with something else.
I also split a large Mac and cheese and chicken empanadas with friends. They were standard bar bites, but tasty for sure. 
Ok, so what did I really like about this place? They had a stellar playlist exclusively of 90s Rock. Not sure if that's the norm, but that put me in a fantastic mood. 
Aside from the music, there was nothing special enough for me to rush to return, but I wouldn't avoid the spot either.Being open when they say that they will be is helpful!  Pulled pork grilled cheese hit the spot!  Loved the fresh ranch dressing that came with the chicken fingers and really, really enjoyed the Mac n cheese.  We are a happy  pair.What? I can't hear you? Wow we've been to a million places and this place is the LOUDEST ever. Ever. Must have missed the acoustics memo. Umm sound panels anyone?? Install something to absorb the sound here. There are plenty of acoustic engineer companies who can help with this. I seriously think we might have hearing loss. It's not loud energetic, it's loud like omg there are 100 old people around me screaming bc they can't hear each other. Please correct this!!Mixed feelings about Misconduct. Weird strip mall type location on JFK and 18th. I've been here for happy hour a couple times and the only worth it aspect is the buck a shuck oysters and $4 glasses of wine. Besides that, the menu is sparse. 
Ambience is eh as well. Wannabe nautical type bar... convenient if you work in a nearby vicinity, but don't expect too much.Food and drinks were ok but our waitress disappeared for long stretches.... Like really long. 15 mins, 10 mins, etc. We ate on the patio as the weather was super nice. Food was decent, nothing amazing.I can not believe how well ran this place is!! Went here for the Super Bowl and the staff were all amazing!  We had food and drinks the whole day, everything came out quickly.  You have to try the wings with the dry rub, they were delicious!I have been here twice. Once for lunch on a Monday and another time for drinks at about 7:30 on a Tuesday. The time I went for lunch I ordered a French Dip sandwich. The menu said shaved roast beef with a creamy horseradish sauce. It was more like mayo and leather. The beef was way over cooked, to the point I could not bite through it. Ended up fork and knifing the sandwich and the au jus was simply some beef broth microwaved. Service was incredibly slow given the number of people in the place.
The second time I went on a Tuesday night with a couple of friends. We went in to order a beer after dinner. There were maybe 15 people in the place. There was a bartender and another server. It took about 10 minutes for the server to come to our table to ask if we wanted drinks. Ordered beers that were on tap. Server decided a smoke was more important than placing our beer orders, came back in, chatted with people at the bar, walked around a bit then passed our table and realized he forgot about our order and asked for it again. 10 minutes after that our beers came. The worst service I had ever had at a restaurant. 
I will not be back and will tell my friends and coworkers not to go there. If you want a good sandwich go across JFK to Fresco Cafe in 1880 JFK. Great food and awesome service!From the moment we walked in the service was terrible. The food took excessively long and when it arrived it was incorrect and the chicken tasted and appeared microwaved. Sorry to say this is far from a neighborhood "go-to"Stay away!  Was very excited about the new location as we work near by.  Took a group of 8 there for a quick co-worker lunch during the week.  It was a little crowded, but we were sat quickly.  We ordered and asked for all the food to come out as it was completed, because we were (1.) In a rush and (2.) Starving.  We wound up taking 1.5 hours to get our food.  The waitress would avoid our eye contact when we wanted anything, even something as simple as ketchup.  Many other tables that walked in after us were completed their whole meal and leaving before we even got our food.  I understand that large tables can be tricky, but it shouldn't be this hard.   Will not go here again unless they can figure their lives out.I've been here for lunch and dinner. At lunch I would give 4 stars for food and service.  Food came out in about 25 minutes which is a little slow for lunch. We all got salads and they were good.  Dinner was another story. 
I made a reservation for a party of 10 for a birthday dinner for a couple before a comedy show.  Our reservation was for 6:45.  When I arrived there was no hostess, so I waited at the host stand for about 5 minutes while the rest of the party went to the bar.  When a waitress came over, she told me they don't take reservations when I politely pointed to the book and showed her our reservation.  She said they didn't have a hostess so could see what they could do.  We got a few seats at the bar in the meantime and just gathered around.  At 8:30 she told us a table was ready, almost 2 hours past our reservation.  Our show started at 9:30 so we didn't have time so we never got a table. She didn't offer anything for our inconvenience.  Very disappointed and would never go back for anything but to just sit at the bar. I understand there can be issues but the way it was handled was unprofessional and the wait staff was very impolite. The bar tender was very friendly.As soon as I saw the logo for this bar I thought it needed to be on Bar Rescue. Misconduct Tavern with terrible cursive writing and a weird sailboat theme that doesn't go throughout the whole bar. They have a substantial amount of large tv's and i was able to watch the final four games, but it just felt like an odd place, with an odd name, and an odd theme. I will give the bartender props though because I asked for a Guinness Black Russian, told him what was in it and he made it pretty darn well.I always seem to be disappointed when it comes to a bar's TV situation for sports. This place by far has the best. No matter where you're sitting, you got a good view to watch a boatload of games so I'm looking forward to spending some time this summer watching the Euro Cup and then continuing into the fall for Football and Soccer games.I honestly can't think of anything great to say about misconduct. The food was fine, the drinks were good enough, and the atmosphere was alright. I would probably came back for a happy hour just because it was in a good location, but nothing struck me as particularly amazing about this place. 
If you are here though, I recommend the Irish mule. I had it made by three different bartenders in one night and they all tasted different, but they were all good.Bartenders are 5 stars hands down but as far as the food is concerned-- No.  I am sure the salads or sliders are okay but the BLT I ordered? I looked at it and was perplexed. Why? Because I literally have no idea how anyone could screw up a BLT.  A 5 year old could have better.  It should have been called an "T" because there was barely any bacon and one floppy wilted paper thin sliver of lettuce. They did pack in 4 'fried green tomatoes" (which I'm sure they hang their hat on as a selling point for this sandwich) but they were breaded with thick panko like breading that I was able to peel off in whole and the tomatoes were somewhat hard.  I guess being able to peel off the garbage that breaded my unripe tomatoes was a positive because they were much too greasy. As was the sourdough bread it was served on.  For $10.00 I got a greasy tomato sandwich with legit -ONE piece of bacon.  One piece chopped up into little bits. It was criminal.
Their mission statement: "To serve delicious, affordable food that guests will want to return to week after week" is a complete joke.
Sober up, Misconduct.I frequent this establishment on a monthly basis. I bring friends and clients to this center city sports bar/restaurant. I've been coming to this location for years for the great food. Marcia the hostess is fantastic and a wonderful person. The rest of the staff is on point as well. I only come here for lunch. Misconduct is one of my favorite lunch spots in the city. I actually went there and had lunch with friends 3 times this week. However I have one complaint. During lunch the majority of the clientele are business people from around the area. They want to be able to eat and chat. But for the longest time there is some idiot that works there and insists on playing the background music TOO LOUD. It's lunchtime. Not a damn nightclub. I love the food and the staff but the stupid loud music is enough to stop me from coming here ever again. I hope someone in charge reads this and turns the music down. It ruins the lunch experience when you have to yell over the too loud music to communicate with the person you're dining with.I've been here on several occasions, mostly for happy hour with co-workers.  The happy hour drink specials are not the best, the prices are still above average.  And the food (not offered as part of HH) is pricey given the small portions.  However, despite the overpriced food, I've never had a bad meal here.  The service has also been good every time.Dropped in here on a Saturday and was pleasantly suprised. The building is nice with large windows overlooking JFK street and Comcast. The bartender was really friendly and knowledgeable and made the whole experience great. He mentioned that they have a great happy hour , $4 all drafts and $5 cocktails .
We tried the Moscow mule and the gin apple blossom and both were strong and well balanced. We also shared the burger sliders and they were really good though the bun to burger ratio was off. The fries were amazing.
Overall we would come back during a football Sunday or for some quick food . A nice addition to the area and I appreciate that they're open on the weeekends.A bar where you can get drinks but the bartenders/OBVIOUSLY THE MANAGER walks by your empty glass/can/bottle without acknowledging you, then also have a difficult time configuring the TV to play certain games. ‍ If you're into that then this is the place for you!I was at a private function here.  Lunch was very good.  I had a fine roast pork sandwich  Cheesesteak empanadas were really special too.I can't say I gave Misconduct a fair shake, but I decided to leave after waiting 20 minutes to give my order. I let another server know that I hadn't been helped and that I was going to head out. It was nice of her to offer to get someone to speak with me, but there are too many other (better) options in the immediate area for lunch that it wasn't worth the time.My problems with Misconduct have stemmed from the service and management. 
I had an overall negative experience here and I tried contacting the manager, who was incredibly rude and yelled at me. I am very forgiving when it comes to making mistakes with my order, slow service, incorrect pricing, incorrect checks, etc.... However, yelling at a customer is really not excusable. 
Before this incident, I did have issues with order mistakes, slow service, incorrect bills, inattentive servers, and the list goes on. I was previously willing to return. Not anymore. There are plenty of other bars in Philadelphia. Although Misconduct is close to my office, I will now overpay for my drinks and food elsewhere.Worst service ever experienced. We were told to find a table, when we did the waitress yelled at us for seating ourselves and for adding a chair to our table. She walked off angrily, then returned and slammed the menus on the table. It was incredibly  awkward, rude and unacceptable. Will not be returning.No idea why people are giving this place bad ratings. It has great bar food, especially the chicken fingers. Good staff. Great happy hour spot too.First time when I went, the burger came out undercooked. Waitress made some other minor mistakes. Overall was ok. Second time I went back, we went when it first opened. There was no one in the restaurant and the hostess seemed annoyed and overwhelmed by our party of 6. The waitress this time was great! She gave great recommendations, was friendly, attentive, and happy. I got the lamb sliders which were much better than the undercooked bacon burger from my first visit.I literally just called and was concerned about what does it mean when they say the burger meat is house blend or ground house meat which is on their menu and the girl that answered the phone stated that the meat is GENERIC.. so im like its fake meat then? She seemed as if she didnt want to dig herself in a deeper hole so I just was like thank you and she just hung up. So with that being said Im not ordering from here ESPECIALLY if I dont know what if at all what they are selling is natural.Went to lunch on a weekday with two other people.  Inside was empty but they jammed us in the back corner, right under the air vent.  We asked to have them turn it down a little, and the waiter said, "the owner's a lawyer and likes it 'office' cold".  The menu is a bit sparse for a pub... One page, consisting of a few apps, a few salads, a few sandwiches, and a few sliders.  Nothing was innovative or original- like someone said, "quick, Google me a bar menu- now make those things".  
Our waiter forgot our drink order and brought the apps before the drinks.  They were actually out of "side salads" forcing everyone to get soggy fries.  Out of side salads on a Wednesday at 12:15?  Yet there was lettuce for the burgers... Just seemed odd to me.  Oh, and the bill took 20 minutes to come after our meal was complete
I will chalk most of this to being open for only a few weeks, but the service and consistency better stabilize soon.  It's such a prime spot for lunch, and the beer menu does look extensive (longer than the lunch menu), so I will give it one more shot (for happy hour)After a last minute changed of plans forced us to relocate, our 20+ party walked into Misconduct Tavern for a few drinks. Despite the unexpected flood of people walking in, the staff were extremely accommodating and helpful in making sure that we were taken care of. The drinks and the food came quickly, the servers and bartenders were nice, and they had no problem finding seating for our party. We will definitely be returning. Thank you so much!!Standard bar in Philadelphia. They have a good assortment of beers and typical bar food. The steamed clams were a tad spicy. For the entree, I had the fried fish sandwich with fries. The crust was crispy and sweet, but the fish was a bit bland. 
We were sitting by the door and every time the door opened a gush of cold wind came in so I had to keep my coat on during my meal. I recommend sitting in the back if you want to stay warm during your meal!Have been here a few times now and have come to really enjoy it. 
Menu is basically standard bar bites but jazzed up a bit (cauliflower burger sliders, a burger with foie gras, etc.) Drink options are OK but not mindblowing and reasonably priced.
We have never experienced the service issues some other reviews mention -- staff has always been super-friendly and accommodating and we haven't had unreasonable waits for anything. We usually go on the weekends when it's quite laidback and a mix of customers. I suspect the post-work happy hour crowd may have a very different vibe. 
All in all, we're pretty pleased with Misconduct and plan to add it to our regular rotation.Went for dinner with my wife had a great experience .Great atmosphere, loved the nautical theme . awesome food, you can tell all the food is prepared fresh. friendly staff.I finally made it out to sips last night, and I came here bc someone in my party decided on that. I am not privy to the reasons for this choice. Just a quick side note, why is drink specials for a few hours one day a week and calling it something clever and relevant like "sips" anything special? In NY it's everyday and it's called "happy hour". 
Anyways, my friend and I walked over here from my place which is pretty close. They have an inside portion and a separate outside bar on the patio, if you want to call it that, but considering the fact that it has literally been as hot as an oven in Philly recently without any relief, we elected to soak up the AC inside. 
We walk in and I place my tush on a bar stool. The prices are pretty good, $3 for this IPA they had, $4 for a decent selection of wine types and $5 for this blood orange Moscow mule or dark and stormy or something. Sorry I always get that shit confused. They also had $1 oysters, $3.5 cheese fries, and $4 I think dark sambuca shots. They had onion rings and chicken sliders and cheesesteak empenadas but bc that shit doesn't interest me I didn't care to see the prices, not that oysters interests me but..you know... Actually you probably don't know because that shit makes no fucking sense. Fml. 
I ordered that blood orange whatever drink and bc I was sitting at the bar I noticed they were cranking out quite a few of those. It was really good. That's probably why. 
The IPA was actually pretty good also and I don't usually like IPAs. 
The cheese fries, I got them without bacon, were amazing. It could just be bc I was fucking starving. The menu description says "with cheese fondue" which is a euphemism for velveeta I'm pretty certain but who gives a shit it was spectacular. The fries themselves are narrow and just the perfect balance in consistency of crisp and soft. In fact my friends got some later on and they were nursing them so I swooped in and helped them out. By helped them out, I mean finished them. 
The service was also great, my order was taken in two seconds and people kept coming back to ask if I wanted anything else. This was probably easier because I was sitting at the bar but it was appreciated. In fact, people legit asked me if I wanted to order something while someone else was actively taking care of my order twice.This food was delicious. Great service went here for our monthly team lunch yummo... I think we order every slider in the menu, salads, wings & burgers sooo good!!!!Went here on a Monday night and ordered the chicken sliders, which were pretty yum. It came with a side of fries, which came out cold so weren't as good as I expected. Paid about $11 without tip.A few weeks ago a few coworkers and I went to Misconduct and sat at the bar.  I'm not sure what the name of the bartender is, but we'll just call him Patton Oswald (you'll figure it out).  We sat there for a bit longer than expected before we got his attention.  It wasn't crowded or anything, but I think the other 3 people at the bar may hit his peak potential.  He wound up taking my order and then walked away only to come back and ask me if I wanted to place an order.  I blew it off and ordered again.  I'm not sure if maybe it's just the amount of shiny things around the room that distract the guy, but he sure did his best to not acknowledge the people sitting around him.  
Anyway, fast forward to the next and last time we were there.  We go in and despite not being crowded they are a little slow to seat people so we sit at the bar.  Patton was back in action (if you call it action) behind the bar.  For the first few minutes we were invisible, but then there was magic when he actually noticed us.  When I say he noticed us, I mean he threw 3 menus in front of the 4 of us.  He didn't break stride in walking away as he tossed them.  For the next 10 minutes we watched him flub around the bar and do everything except ask us if we were thirsty.  Now ¼ into our hour lunch we decided to get up and go down the street and eat.  When we got up another bartender apparently crawled out of the floor and came running over to take out order, but by then we were done there.
What's irritating is that it's not hard to fake people skills.   Even if this guy's first day was the visit we did weeks ago, he should have been at least a little better this recent visit.  It's a nice place and the waiters are usually decent, but that bar is killing them.  I'm sure the mixed drinks he makes must be amazing....  Hopefully when put a sign outside when they get rid of him so we know when it's ok to go back.  
There was 1 time months ago when they were good, so it's not total garbage.I go here quite often since I live so close by, originally fell in love with their Mac & Cheese at their Locust location. 
THE best Mac & cheese, I usually get spinach, roasted garlic and roasted red pepper. The most perfect gooey dish ever! I also like their beer barter friend pickles. Those are the 2 things I always get when I go. I've tried their vegetarian sliders, nothing I would rave about though. Basically come here for the Mac and Cheese.
I love the openness of the restaurant, it's so big, perfect for a larger party. Cons: service is SUPER low, even if I am sitting at the bar, I got slow service. If my drink was empty...I had to ask like 3x for another. Usually at any other place, the bartenders approach you and say "would you like another?" But not this one...I just got back from lunch and had the grilled chicken salad.  Great taste, but not filling.  I had to have some snacks upon returning to the office.  There are plenty of other places around that have great tasting salads that fill you up for less than what Misconduct is charging.  Maybe because it's more of a bar scene I shouldn't expect so much from their salad game.  But yeah.  Meh.So, Misconduct as some AMAZING mac'n'cheese. Like, to die for. I got mine with roasted garlic and onions and it was finger lickin good. 
Other than that, we had kind of a mediocre experience here for brunch on Sunday. The waitress was very slow and it really wasn't that crowded. Our order came out all wrong for multiple people and we had to talk to the manager to take it off the bill. The food took an unecessarily long time to come out considering all we ordered was mac'n'cheese and were waiting for 40+ minutes. Then once we got it and ate it, we waited forever to get the bill/boxes. We were there for 2 hours.
However, once we did speak to the manager, they were pretty accommodating and took the mistakes off of our bill. 
So, I spent the majority of the meal feeling frustrated and annoyed but the food was delicious once they got it right. I'll go back for the mac'n'cheese but I really hope they step up their game because there was no reason for us to have been waiting for so long and getting everything wrong.We visited this restaurant/bar for a quick meal before our train arrived. The bar is opposite of the train station entry. There were many people at the bar. After sitting down we got some water from a very friendly waitress. The sandwich I ordered was okay. There was too much sausage on it and it was not really hot anymore on my plate. The coleslaw salad I took instead of the fries was pretty good.Misconduct Tavern has the best chicken tenders in all of the city! Their french fries are also amazing! I wish they would bring back $20 bottomless mimosa on the weekends... my life would be made! 
Outside seating is nice and you can bring your dog, but sometimes the street noise can be very loud. Inside is a sports bar and it is always loud with multiple tv's on and music playing, but thats pretty standard for any sports bar in Philly.Service was average; however, they were out of Ketel One and Grey Goose. They were also out of coke slaw. The food was just okay. I can't say I'd go back or recommend it.Insulting and Nasty bartender!   White guy, late 40s or early 50s, medium build and height.  A lady friend and I stopped by MisConduct tavern off JFK St.  My friend orders something like a vodka tonic, bartender served her a gin and tonic.  After a little back and forth about the drink order, this meathead bartender sticks a straw in my friends drink and takes a sip without asking or any warning.  OMG!!  He could have herpes, open mouth sores, hepatitis...   After tasting, he admits drink is gin, not vodka and only then makes a new drink, and charges for drink. Needless to say our mood was spoiled and our evening tainted by disgraceful behavior of idiot bartender who by taking sip was in fact drinking on the job.  This was Friday evening, 3 Nov, near 10:00 pm, sitting at bar, in case manager wants to review security tape.  Awful experience, never again!I love this place. It's perfect for a quick lunch during the workday.
They have an awesome selection of burgers, I try a new one every time I go! The staff is friendly and I even love sitting outside on a sunny fall day.Incredibly slow service on a Friday around 8. Small group, relatively empty restaurant, drinks and food took foreverTerrible service, bar tender hates her job.  Food made us not feel great, maybe shouldn't have gotten oysters, but hotel recommended.  Try elsewhere this place had no ambiance, the people even hate working. There.  Only reason for 2 star is decent drink selection.One way that the name of this place is spot on is the term "misconduct" as it pertains to their food. Ordering a simple turkey burger from a sports bar and missing the mark is quite unacceptable in my book. The part that was the most disappointing was the charcoal burnt flavored on the burger that just made the food disgusting. I wouldn't recommend this place for any of its food, and  yet to actually eat before you come. Only thing this bar has in its favor is the open environment to watch the TVs.  But honestly not sure how this place is still in business with all the competition in the city.Ordered a burger medium and it arrived VERY well-done. Skip this location and go to their other Philly location if you must go to a Misconduct.I went to this place for happy hour and dinner with co-workers(6). They waited 20 minutes after being seated b4 anyone even came over. I went inside to ask the hostess (blonde girl, who refuses to smile and had an attitude) either way she begrudgingly looked into it and someone came over. Overall, the service was slow and the food was just ok. Listen, If your organs are about to shut down from starvation, and all wawa's are closed. Then this is the place for you !  Bc obviously you were desperate !Let's just say this could be a good place to hang out.
The systems of service are horrible.  There is no system.  No communication. Sunday football is a mess with no plans on scheduling TVs.
Bizarre because they could double the cash flow if thought was placed into real service and systems of work flow.The bartenders are great! Get the pulled pork grilled cheese! Happy hour is great, though the sliders are a tad dry. The Mac n cheese is yummy though!Diverse menu : lots of goodies.
Venison burger to Salmon salad. All well prepared and presented. Great location and Philly atmosphere.
Very comfortable and gracious servers. Totally returnable stop for good food and spirits at a reasonable cost :-)Service was good, but the food was average. The fish was too marinated and saturated with dressing. There was no option to just have the fish seared by itself. On the chicken salad, there was more kale on the plate than chicken, and the variety of seafood was minimal.TERRIBLE. We were treated with blatant disrespect, and the food was mediocre. After the waiter asked my friend repeatedly what she wanted, (he couldn't hear her because the music, which we love loud music, was up so high you were left with no choice but to sit there and not talk) he claimed to have heard her and put our orders in. There were 5 of us, one of which is my husband who works right around the corner in a large company in which he will be referring all of his coworkers and customers to The City Tap House from now on. After our food was brought out, our waiter hid in a corner on his phone and never once checked on us, perhaps if he had he would have realized he forgot to put in my friends food order. I called him over to the table and he went to speak to his boss, the owner. After we had all been done and shared our dinners and 15 minutes after I reminded him, he brought out her order, to which we boxed up because dinner had been long over at this point. We asked for the check, AND, the icing on the cake was that apparently after knowing all of this was going on, the owner told him that he could only give us a $2 discount because we didn't drink alcohol. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? By no means are we looking for a handout, but COME ON! Take accountability for your establishment and your employees! You screwed up. Own up to it. I had to drive an hour home, and my husband had to go back to work, you honestly had the audacity to punish us for being responsible and giving you our business? You are so screwed if this is how you are going to "conduct" things.I went there the other day to watch the football game with some friends. The whole time during the game, the one tv showing the game kept cutting in and out so we missed a lot of the game due to the tv cutting out. 
The waitress we had was fairly absent since the whole waitstaff seems to chat it up in the corner than actually do their job. I don't know if this was a waitress or the manager (I sure hope not) but I was asking this woman a question and mid-sentence she WALKS AWAY FROM ME! It was ridiculously rude. 
I had high hopes for this place opening up but it is far from impressive.
The food was decent. They get the extra star for that alone.We went in for a quick lunch. The server was awesome and the food was great. We ordered the buttermilk chicken strips and shrimp sliders. The sliders came with fries that were thin and not greasy. We also had the Mac and cheese and we highly recommend. The weather was nice and we sat outside. Great place.It's a pretty standard bar/grill type place.  They do have more than your average TVs which is decent for trying to catch a game.  The space is big and open and it offers outdoor seating in the front on JFK.  
HH 4:30-7...I don't remember exactly but specials were in the below ballpark. 
$7 cocktails
$5.50 Draft Beers (some exclusions)
$5.50 Wine
Menu was good but not great.  I tried the Mac and Cheese after it was mentioned in soo many reviews.  It was a little over hyped if you ask me.  Not bad but not what I would seek out. 
I wouldn't be opposed to going back in a if someone suggested it I'd be open to it kind of way.Food was great and so was the atmosphere. Wait staff were helpful and on point. Definitely will be back to hang out and watch a game.If you're into overly friendly and super slow service, you'll like Misconduct more than I do. 
Hubby and I went for a quick drink and snack on New Years Eve before heading to our open bar event. There was room at the bar, and we were quickly given drink menus. Then the bartender headed to chat on the other side of the bar to chat with the other bartender.  He came back over several minutes later to introduce himself, ask our names, and shake our hands (???) and headed away before we could order our drinks. We were finally able to order (yay) and hung out for a bit until we were ready to pay up. It took longer to pay than it had to order, we had to ask both bartenders for the tab, and each time they stood at the POS chatting.  The location and food (cheese fries) and drinks were good, that's the redeeming quality here.Wow! Failures at multiple levels! Way to go. Bartenders, please don't add head to beer by briskly stirring it. Hostess, there are no spoons in the roll ups, so if a guest asks for spoons please don't offer roll ups. When the guest responds with "There are no spoons in the roll ups, do you have any spoons?", a terrible response is "Umm I'm not sure we have spoons". You're in a restaurant dummy, you've got spoons somewhere. Burgers: Burger buns are not to be moldy, I cannot stress this enough. Chefs, mid rare on a burger is a hot red center. Cold red centers with un-rendered fat is raw. The duck fries were great! Management, ultimately you are responsible for your staff. Please focus on training and accountability.Best place for happy hour, sports viewing and late night snacking.  Indoor and outdoor seating.  Awesome square bar in the middle is the hub of the restaurant/bar.  Yummy bar food.  Cool bartenders.The food is very underwhelming.  I was told that they have the best roast beef sandwiches.  No way.  Not good at all.  The beef was rubbery, the fries were good but the salt made the inedible.They charged my credit card for the drinks of the girl next to me AND handed me her credit card. And the service has always been ridiculously slow. Never coming back here.The staff here is awesome. We've had a great experience every time we've been. And I always appreciate a full water glass!
The beers are solid - I always find something I like - either a new pick or an old favorite. Never have to settle for cheap beer here.
Prices are decent, on that note! Don't have to worry about breaking the bank here, and they have some decent specials.
I've enjoyed the burgers here, and think I've explored a few other avenues on the menu, but mostly pub type grub. Not where I'd go for fine dining, but as a spot to grab a sandwich and a beer, a true solid pick.Won't let you bring your coffee in on a Sunday. Going to be here all day spending money, but they have to also get you for that extra dollar. Super lame.Came here for an after work happy hour on Friday the 13th. 
I absolutely love their fries. They were so good, probably because they were fresh cut fries and not the frozen kind. the drinks were good and pretty well priced for happy hour.
Our bartender was very efficient and very kind.
Never been to the bar before, and I'm glad I did. Great time with friends!Half the tables were empty but they made us wait 25 minutes at lunch. Not enough help. Left starving as chicken sandwich was dry and tiny. Associate was assured that there were no onions on sliders. There were tons and she had to send them back. I'm not returning.I like this location a lot more then the 1511 Locust Street location. Very spacious mixed crowd where you can see everyone at the bar and plenty of TV's. The menu is very large and they even offer Califlower (instead of macoroni) N' homemade Fondue cheese as a option for those being carb conscious.
I went with the Oysters that normally are not brought in to the establisment until after 4pm but lucked out as they had these early in the day. The Oysters were quite small and not worth the price but I appreciate this bar offers them as a food option.
French Onion Soup - Pretty banging cheese. I have had better French Onion Soups but enjoyed the soup and at $8 a cup that is the max I am willing to pay.
My overall impression of this Misconduct Tavern is it is a great bar to bring friends from out of town if you want to relax and enjoy yourself spending time catching up with a great variety of food options. That being said...it is slightly overpriced but directly adjacent from The Sterling (an extremely nice apartment complex) and if you have money to rent from The Sterling I do not think you will balk at the price points. I hope this bar is around a long time as I do enjoy it however.
There other location is much more dimly lit and too crowded. Only benefit of the locust location is there are many bars you can pop in and out after visiting the locust Misconduct Tavern. The one on JFK is pretty isolated but a few minutes walk and your be back to the bar scene of the city in no time.
As always people SYOY!!Good in a pinch for happy hour. I'm not a fan of the food. Not too many veggie options. I'm totally down to pay a bit more for a good glass of wine, but... it's not that good.First visit after their expansion...
It was a busy night, about 20 minutes for a table but found seats at the bar.
They had a good selection of beer.  
The lighting of the place was brighter than expected.
They have multiple unisex bathrooms in the back of the restaurant. (I miss the old bathrooms tho).
The food was alright.  
Its a place to come for the atmosphere with good friends to have a good time.Decent place for an IPA after a hot afternoon of walking and shopping in Philadelphia. The menu appears satisfying.........Excellent venue with good food.  The restaurant is clean, well laid out, and spacious with a large number of televisions, perfect for watching a game.  Extremely accommodating staff!We go to this place a lot but Jason was an excellent severe. He went above and beyond at every chance. Even after a small spill on a white tshirt without asking he was there with the club soda. Hands down awesome guy made the bar the place to come back toI enjoy Misconduct every time I go, they have great specialty drink options and a diverse menu with something for everyone.  I eat fairly healthy, but they give me a reason to splurge on their delicious Avocado French Fries! The servers are great, attentive and knowledgeable.  Their outdoor seating is another perk, just not an ideal location for people watching.  All in all, this is a great place to have dinner and pre-game before a night out.Good place to catch a drink in the city.  Great beer selection (hello craft beer!), and their cocktails are a good concoction.  This was my first time here since they expanded the space, so everything looks new, bright and clean!  And they have tons of TVs, and not all broadcasting the same thing. Staff was very attentive, and the happy hour drink specials featured beer, wine and cocktails!  Definitely good if your group all have a different drink preference.
I had the fries and chicken fingers.  Both were good; the fingers were very crispy.  Seems like Mac and Cheese is their speciality, so I'll give a variation of it a try next time!Had the bison burger with sweet potato fries. First time here and the food was good. Had a couple beers and it was a chill environment. Calamari was one of the best I have ever had. Would definitely return for a happy hour.Was lucky to get a table for 4 to watch the playoff game.  Good place to watch games with many large TVs placed so that everyone can watch from different angles.  Started out with prompt service but that declined as the night went on.  The place got mobbed and our server had trouble covering her section along with pushing through the crowd.  It got very loud as the night went on.  
Beer and drink selection was nice.  We were not super hungry and I split a couple of apps with my wife.  Fried pickles and cheesesteak empanadas.  Pickles were ok - they were thick cut. Cheesesteak empanadas were missing the cheese and steak....  Cut the 2 empanadas in half and there was literally almost nothing inside.  
Other couple we were with had wings and said they were good.Misconduct is a great center city happy hour spot.  The food is awesome and their specials never disappoint.
Their happy hour is half off SELECT drafts.  On the draft list, you can tell which ones are on special by the (HH) next to them.  I've noticed over the last few months that less and less of the draft list are half off at happy hour....which does sadden me.
The mac n cheese is always delicious!  Be careful though, it can get pricey the more stuff you add to it.
All in all, the atmosphere is nice.  The food is good.  And the drink specials are okay.Decent service but the food was highly disappointing. We ordered the dry rub wings, avocado fries, gravy fries, and tuna sliders. The wings were the only thing we liked. The avocado fries were too breaded and the aioli was basically mayo. The gravy fries sauce was terrible and just overall not great. The tuna sliders, which we were looking most forward to were comprised of cooked chunks of tuna, not at all what we were expecting. If you come here just stick to beer, they are trying too hard to make simple bar food fancy and are not succeeding.For the first time in my life,  I felt completely unwanted at an establishment.  I've been to Misconduct before and thought it'd be a good place to have some lunch, some beers and watch the Temple football game.  I sat at the bar for over 10 min completely ignored. The male bartenders were purposely avoiding eye contact with me. They chatted with the guys on either side of me but ignored my existence. I tried getting their attention a few times to no avail.  So I ended up walking out and going to another place in the neighborhood where women who want to watch sports are welcome.  Shame on you Misconduct.Middle evening bar visit review only:
The kick up from 1 star to 2 was due to the bathrooms, new, clean, designed and adorned to an eclectic degree.
After sucking down some $1 oysters and beers at a different location, my two friends and I  needed a change of venue.  We slipped off Locust Street into Misconduct, a name I remembered from reading my daily dose of Yelp reviews. ;-)
This place is nothing special, a few TV's, beer on tap, and a specific asshole bartender trying to act cool who thought it appropriate to criticize one of my friends.  The bartender did not even know him, probably just trying to impress a certain young woman sitting at the bar.  Hey, you're a 50ish year old trying to pick up 27 year old girls with your stellar career working as a bartender.  Good luck with that.This is my go to spot for Sunday football.  The TV setup is great and they are generally very organized and have each TV clearly labeled with what game will be on it.    This is a pub but the menu is pretty creative. You will find delicious non-traditional items such as steamed edamame, avocado fries, Pear and Brie Wrap, and a lamb burger to go along with your traditional pub items.  The food is pretty consistent but I was surprised by their wings.  They use the large wings that have the wing and the leg still connected.    In my experience this makes for a fattier hard to handle piece of chicken.  I assume there must be some people that prefer this style of wing, but I have never met any of them.... their Chicken tenders on the other hand are fantastic!  Buttermilk battered and perfectly fried.  I had two orders of these the last time I was there.     Their fries are also delicious and served with a very flavorful smoky chipotle aioli.   
The service here is very good and the space including the restrooms are very clean.  They do a great job!You could probably pick up a really great asshole with bad shoes and a blue buttondown here about whom you could agonize over after he never calls you again.  I'm not that into that, hence the mediocre rating.This is a nice little bar with a good beer selection in both draft and bottle.
The place is a long narrow space with a bar that runs almost the entire length. So there are a lot of spaces to sit available. They also have some small tables and a large booth on the back wall for large parties. My only issue with the place is the kind of cheesy/lame nautical theme. I feel like I'm in a place that bought up the old fixtures from a Red Lobster or some other terrible restaurant.
The service was a little slow, but only because it seems like they never have enough waitresses on duty if your at the tables. Service at the bar is much quicker. All the staff are knowledgeable about the beer selections and are very friendly.Cool bar that always seems to be hoppin'. I love that in bars, especially when you are trying to meet more people, but the layout is not very conducive to this so you have to subtract some points for that. However, it is a Great place to see a sports game with a few friends because it gets rowdy and you really get into the spirit. Pro-tip - make a reservation. Also the bathrooms are tiny, got pretty gnarly on game day, the wait was a tad long, and you have to squeeze past a zillion people to get to them, so drink accordingly or miss most of the game trying to pee!Looking for a bar to waste time, I was drawn to this place given the name...reminding me of a game misconduct in hockey only to find that is clearly not the case (nor is it the season in Philly for it ha ha sorry). But that's okay. This was a good choice in time wasting.
The beer list was not as local as I was hoping (I love to get to try stuff I can't get at home) but I made do with it very easily. Decent selection of beer in cans too. 
We decided to also snack on some of the potato fritters, not really knowing what to expect. They were like breaded and fried logs of mashed potato. They came with a sriracha mayo and that together was awesome.
Since really the only sports going on when we stopped in was the NCAA lacrosse finals, that was on here (and like, everywhere) but it definitely has an awesome layout for a sports bar. I'd definitely want to come somewhere like this to watch games.For me, it comes down to an issue with management. I was there on a Friday night with several friends. They turned the lights on at 1:35. Their real goal is to make sure the doors are locked and closed by 2 AM with everyone out.  PHYSICALLY out of the bar.
The issue is, they don't attract the same crowd as a 21-year-old party bar. It's not Mcfaddens, or Finnigan's Wake, or Tavern on broad with sloppy drunk people everywhere. It's actually a much better crowd. But, they treat it as if they're running a college bar.  Why have the same thug bouncers, and there are three or four of them, pushing people out the door at 1:45 when you are legally allowed to serve until 2 AM?  
They have remodeled, and it attracts a fun, diverse crowd.  Unfortunately for this place, the management's direction for this bar does not align with the patrons it attracts. It's unfortunate.
Overall, I give the bartenders a five star for their very pleasant and prompt service. But, I would give the overall attitude of the bar 2 stars For the shortsightedness of the owners to treat this place like it's a seedy college bar. And for me, the general negative impression of the bar trumped the positive service of the bar employees.I've been a Rittenhouse resident for several years now and only got a chance to go to this place this year. The food and drinks were excellent but I must say, the service was a TREMENDOUS disappointment. I've always gone with a group of 3 or more and in the handful of occasions that I have dined here, the wait staff have gotten our orders wrong or have given service as if they have a chip on their shoulder. 
Here's some specific examples of the poor service:
-One of my friends ordered a Rosè and they were out of it. The waitress brings a glass of white Zinfandel to the table instead of asking my friend for her preference for a substitute.
-During my most recent visit, the waitress rolled her eyes when we weren't ready to order yet. (We had only been there a few minutes and were just getting settled.)
-The waitress swiped one of the cards three times because she kept putting in the wrong amounts. (Although they were voided, the holds stay on your card for a week.)
I really like the ambiance (I love sailing and nautical things) and as I mentioned before, the food is pretty good. I tried really hard to give this place several chances by coming back a couple of times, but the last visit showed a trend of poor service. It's such a shame.This is a good spot to hang out with friends and watch some sports.  There are a lot of TVs in here, big and small.  The size of this place is pretty big with a good amount of tables and a nice size bar.  This place is packed and loud on the weekend, like any bar, this is pretty normal.  I came here on a sunday when the eagles played. As expected, no seats at the bar or tables.  We put ourselves on the list for a table, got one after about 40 minutes through text.  
The food here is not too bad, I've had their chicken fingers, steamed mussels, fries, sliders.  Your typical bar food, not spectacular but not the worst I've had. I come here for drinks often, not a bad spot and definitely good place to watch the game with fellow eagles fans.My first time in Philly and my friend brought me here for dinner. Killer bangers and mash and a Mahi Mahi hot dog. Amazing food and the service was good too.  It is quite small so as it got a little later and people were crammed inside it got just a bit cramped (and we were there on a Wednesday night...how busy must this place be on the weekeneds?!).It's a nice bar with good beer, but....one time I went to Misconduct on Locust the bartender filled my beer glass about 60-70% with beer.  I prefer a full glass of beer so I wasn't happy.  Another time I went here, a bar back or bartender (not sure what the guy's job was) nocked over a beer glass and glass shattered all over me.  The bartender jokingly accused me of breaking glass which I didn't appreciate because I had glass all over me.   Granted, he did come back over about 5 minutes later to make sure I was ok.  I would have handled the situation differently.  They could have acted a little more concerned or offered me some sort of discounted beverage.Wonderful adult bar with plenty of tv's. Overall, a great, nice crowd to talk to. Staff is fantastic, knows their stuff.. On the loud side, which I don't mind. They are playing 80's music, which I adore. Stop in if you don't mind the loud and large crowd. Great people, with the trip.Stopped in for lunch before the Philly Pops Christmas Concert. Service good, food good, reasonably priced, nice atmosphere. We will definitely return. A pleasant surprise.Worst breakfast I've had in philly.
It is a standard sports bar type with TV's everywhere and high tables.  To be expected in the area I guess.  
I got drug here by an arsenal fan and I am having a hard time wondering why arsenal picked this place for their meeting points.  Their special for the game was $5 bud lights even though this group packs the bar.  
I ordered Huevos Rancheros and it came out on flour tortillas with a little bit of salsa and beans sprinkled on them (no huevos rancheros sauce) and the eggs off to the side.  My friend ordered a frittata that tasted like the salt shaker had fallen into it.
Don't waste your time or money with this place.  Head to Fado's across the street if you want to see a game.Great atmosphere, good drinks, delicious food and friendly, efficient staff. I would definitely come back here. The prices are decent and it's totally worth it.Great spot to catch a game or meet friends over the holidays.  Lots of TVs, bathrooms & space.  No matter how crowded this place can get you never feel crammed.  Good service, personable staff.   The food is average - Some things above and some things could definitely improve. Appetizer selection for a large group can be challenging.I have to give it up big for this place.  I love it.  I used to live really close to it but now that I moved, I really miss it.  I have never had a bad experience here.
I rank their burger among my top 4 burgers in Philadelphia.  I only have a top 4 because I haven't found a great 5th burger yet, but I'm always in search of it.
They have a very good rotating beer selection.  Some of the more obscure beers can get on the pricier side but that can happen anywhere.  I feel like this is a really good, honest, neighborhood bar.
I have not had their bloody mary.  I want to.  They infuse their vodka behind the bar with jalapenos, black pepper and lemon.  I tried the vodka straight once and it was really good.  I would only have a bloody mary at brunch and they don't really serve brunch.  I believe their kitchen opens at 11 and their normal bar menu is available.
If you have friends coming into suburban station, this is an easy place to meet up with them.  If you have friends coming up or down the broad street line, this is very convenient for them too.  It's a great spot to head to before or after a phillies game and I was even here for one of the 2010 blizzards.  Like I said, I've never had a bad time at this place.
One cool thing is that they don't have a ton of tvs but each one has a sign that says what game they will be showing and when.  It also says "seat yourself appropriately."  I like this because then you don't have people trying to get the channel changed when you're watching a game.  On Sundays, they have specials to go with football.  I like that of the specials I've had it was usually done on a grill on the side alley next to the place.
Oh, just don't order a martini here.  It was less than stellar.  Other than that, you're good to go.One of the worst bars I've ever entered. 
I ordered a dirty Girl Scout and the bartender gave me the wrong drink. He claimed I ordered the un-minty drink I had in my hand. 
Later that night, I went to the bar across the street.  I checked my bank statement and realized I was double charged--the bartender swiped my card twice for the same amount. 
I went back to the bar and confronted them.  They brought out the manager and she insisted it was my bank's fault that the bill showed up on my statement twice but she also gave me forty dollars in cash while saying this nonsense.
Not to mention, I was waiting for the manager a few feet away from the kitchen door, and as a chef walked by, he snatched my phone out of my hand. I was totally not having it that night. I went up to him and he handed my phone back but when I asked him why he grabbed my phone out of my hand, he said he did not do such a thing.  Also, this chef claimed he was the manager and the owner of the bar. I didn't buy that bull crap because I talked to the manager prior to this new incident.
Also, they dramatically escorted me out of the bar because they didn't want other customers to know about the incidents above. And there was a lonely, old man (customer) who said something very nasty to me. 
Overall, this place is horrendous . 
I would give this place 0 out of 5 stars if I could.Stopped by after work for happy hour, which is generously offered from 4:30-7:00 Monday-Friday.  Pretty good selection of draught beers for the happy hour price of $5.50.  I had the classic burger sliders which were delicious -- perfectly cooked, deliciously seasoned.  Most importantly, however, the french fries were divine.  Really looking forward to going back soon!This is me and my friends go to place. I really do enjoy it however, they do not have good specials. We go here to watch games very frequently but it gets very expensive fast. Although it is a great casual date place or a place with a big group because we can usually secure a table in the back and all hang out around it. Theyre food is good also. Just wish they had some real game time specials.Grabbed late-night dinner here for the first time last night and was pleased overall! It's definitely better than your standard bar food fare. Deep fried pickles were tasty and the mac n cheese was amazing (albeit, after a few drinks, but I'm certain I would have enjoyed it regardless!)
I've always liked the atmosphere in this place; it's perfect for a night out, whether you're enjoying the music and crowd or grabbing a table for a more low-key experience.Many times when I'm out and about in Center City and I either forget to pack a post-workout meal, I might leave it to chance to try and find a good place to eat.
 Maybe a sushi house or an American Bistro restaurant. And that is what I found the night the first time I went into Misconduct Tavern.
 I've walked by this place many times in the past but it was always loud and boisterous and this was all before I even knew the name of the place.
 Talk about eponymous?
 I "Go up in the spot" and yes, the "Misconduct" is off the chain. One can only imagine the secret rendezvous taking place or the "Hook-ups" pending once the drinks start to take effect. The service was quick and I immediately saw a healthy alternative than what I packed. I ordered the Salmon Sliders and the Avocado fries.
 The crowd was LOUD and BOISTEROUS but contained. If you want peace, quaint and private, this ain't the place.
 Just live with it and enjoy. So there I sat taking in the sights and sounds of the atmosphere in anticipation of eating the Salmon Sliders because 1.) I was famished from my workout and 2.) if they were good, I was returning and this place would become my "Go to" spot for something good like Salmon and Avocado fries (I'm thinking maybe once or twice/month, lol).
 My server was prompt and attentive but a little stand-offish 
( *sniff sniff, I didn't smell at all. I can usually tell and I DID shower prior to my workout. I like a clean sweat Lol)   
 The Salmon Sliders arrived and they were garnished with a flavorful sauce and the sprouts making it look just like how I make my burgers at home. Now all I have to do is learn how to make the Avocado fries and I'm good. But overall the food was good. I got my protein sources met, a few carbs to tie me over until I go home and I was good. 
Nice place.
 It's busy, fast paced and it's socially fun.
 Like most places such as this, its easy to meet and chat up people so if you like to do that, here is the place for you along with some good tasty food too.Not the worst place, but far from the best. Been here a handful of times, mostly for Philly Beer Week & Happy Hour. Can always find a good craft beer here. $4 drafts during happy hour.They have about 12 taps, with about 8 decent choices.Had my 1st Founders Rubaeus here. It was served in a12 oz. pilsner glass which was fine until the guy sitting next to me got the same beer in a pint glass. We chatted, and it turns out he's a regular. Special treatment? Not cool. 
Last time I was there I sat down at the bar, and the bartender passed me twice w/o giving me a menu ( which was laying on the bar about 5 feet away) I got up and got it myself.
The atmosphere is nicer w/ the expansion, but has that sports bar feel which I'm not crazy about. Never tried the food, Some of it looks and sounds O.K. The "regular" I spoke to said the food is good, but the prices have gone up and the portions are smaller.
To sum it up, O.K for a draft or 2 during Happy Hour; but I've had much better brews and service just down the block @ Locust Vous or Perch Pub.Nice sports bar with nice staff. Free wifi barely worked but I got my skype call done inside the big room on the right. A couple of cold beers and sports on TV. Hard to beat on a warm day!
Will be back.I went here with a few friends for the first time following our last day of midterms.
Waitresses are few but they do come around quite often to offer you a refill of your beverages. Which was quite nice, but not much connection with them as a different waitress would come around every time and ask us what the previous waitress had asked us about 3 minutes ago.
Beer selection is a little sparse, but not bad, considering there were a few good IPAs on the list. For the meal I chose an IPA called Loose Cannon triple hop IPA, very floral and not too dark, but had that characteristic bitter and hoppy taste that I look for when drinking IPAs. 
Foodwise, I got a Chicken Mac and Cheese and a Duck hot dog. 
The chicken mac&cheese was AMAZING, I had read reviews on this item and heard really great things, I must say they were quite correct. Cheesy, Gooey, and the mozzarella on top gave it a nice chew along with the chicken and elbow macaroni. 
The hotdog was very...interesting, in a good way. I will admit this is my first time trying a hotdog made of something other than beef or pork, I will say that I am impressed, a toasted bun, a nice steamy duckdog with greens underneath of the dog and piled about an inch high on top of the dog with what tasted like housemade ginger-kraut sortof item. It was quite tasty nonetheless. 
The rest of my party also got Mac and Cheese since thats what we had come to try, although a member of my party also got an order of dry rub wings, which were decent and a fairly good size for a wing, However, was so salty which was a slight turn off for me. It was the last thing I ate though so the bitter and strong taste of the IPA was able to wash it right off. 
The reason why I didn't give this restaurant 5 stars is the lack of the drinking options for the rest of my party, the cost of the cocktails, and the fact that the dry rub wings were...okay...next time I will have to give the French Onion soup a try as raved about by Lindsay D. below. 
Definitely will be back with a friend who loves him some good mac and cheese.Just went for drinks. The beer menu was good, but other places have more options. I wasn't told were the tap selection was until after ordering from the bottle selection. The staff was fine, but not could have been more attentive. Server and move on seemed like their motto.Let me first say that if this review were only about the decor of Misconduct Tavern, this would be a five star review! Blue is my favorite color and anything nautical is the way to my heart so I was sold from the moment I walked in the door. 
We came here for lunch during the week. Very quiet here with only a few people ordering lunch at the bar. I was particularly impressed with how clean this restaurant is and pleasantly surprised with how classy it is in comparison to what I traditionally think of as a "tavern". When you're in Misconduct Tavern, you feel like you're on a ship. They have several unisex bathrooms to really hit the theme home. Everything was lower to the ground as though you really were on a ship. Since they already sold me on the theme, I could've done without bending almost in half to wash and dry my hands (and I'm rather short), but I get what they're going for here. 
Our waiter was polite and kind. The prices are reasonable. This place would've become my go to spot except the food was not good. I ordered a side caesar salad and half order of Mac n cheese with roasted garlic and bacon. Sounds amazing, right? The "Caesar" dressing they put on my salad tasted like straight mayonnaise. Yuck. It was such a small portion that I didn't want to send it back and I was really banking on the Mac n cheese. Unfortunately the Mac n cheese was also mediocre, even with the toppings. The toppings did make it better than it was though. They used basic elbow macaroni and the macaroni was mushy. I'm Italian so "al dente" is a way of life, not an option. This made my meal not so enjoyable. The rest of the group I was with seemed to enjoy their meals. Misconduct Tavern has nice presentation of their food. Perhaps I ordered the wrong things on the menu? I'll be back to give the food another shot since I loved the decor so much. Maybe I'll have updates then but for now I'm not anxious to return UNLESS it was for happy hour. I'm definitely down to grab some drinks feeling like I'm sailing away!Had a great time. Good drinks and watched football all day. However the owners decided they wanted our table and the one next to us. So they told us we had to close out. Day went from a 10 to a 1. Disappointed that patrons would be treated this way. 
Understandable that they wanted to watch Eagles vs. Cowboys. We planned to watch that game here also and already had a $200 tab. 
Would I come back again to see if things are different a other weekend? Yes. 
Advice to owner- remember patrons matter as well.This place is a bit overpriced for what it is. It can get very crowded. Lots of standing. The empanadas were good, the onion rings were DISGUSTING and dripping with oil so don't get that shit. The mint drink that comes in a mason jar was yummy and refreshing but not strong. It was hard to get the bartenders attention. This place is good for mingling tho
Edit: my review is way late; someone brought to my attention that the onion rings are no longer on the menu so two high fives for her ass :-/Oh thank heaven for 2nd chances.
My first experience was not so great. Overcooked burger, under seasoned and cold fries and funky tasting draft beer. I must say I have been back numerous times since and ever never been disappointed. The beer selection is decent, they always have the newest Dogfish Head (Black and Blue is my personal choice), and a decent draft list. Their wings are, in my opinion, the best in the city. I order them with straight dry rub, no sauce and they are always piping hot and loaded with flavor. Since my first bad experience I have had nothing but great burgers. Misconduct's burgers and fries blow away the Good Dog burger and their lame-o frites. The bar and waitstaff (Keenan might be the best server in Philadelphia) are some of the coolest in the city. Not a fan of the whole nautical thing they have going on but I can look past that when everything else is pretty close to being spot on!Not only is the name misleading, the interior does not match the service or selection of food and drink.
I think the place wants to be an upscale sports bar. It's nice inside, but if you look past the decor it's just another Tavern on Broad or Fox and the Hound. It's packed with college aged, polo clad bros and bartenders of the same breed. 
You can find a better experience in many other bars around that area. Not my cup of tea.Not feeling this place. The hostess was a little snippy to my friend when we arrived, we should have just run for it. They told us it would be 30 minutes for a table, so two of us went to the bathroom. When we came back upstairs, our other friend was seated. We should have been excited but we were already rubbed the wrong way. We ordered drinks and the cocktails came and were fine, but I really wanted the glass of water that I ordered that never arrived. Our shared appetizer came out on one plate, but was a messy bruschetta that we needed our own little plates for for sure. They arrived later. We all got different sandwiches and two - the fish cake and the pear and brie - were actually really good. The third was a disaster, a salmon blt served on totally burnt toast. The bread was inedible, although the fish was perfectly cooked. It took forever for the server to come and check on us, and when we kindly asked for replacement bread, she didn't even say anything. The new bread came but we were all kind of crabby at this point. Even worse was when the check came. Two of the cocktails we had were totally made with well vodka yet were $10 a pop, and there was also a drink we didn't even order on the check. We all agreed that while most of the food was pretty good, it wasn't anything we could not get elsewhere and was certainly not worth the aggravation.Totally my type of bar. Interior is fantastic. Hope to eat here soon, really enjoyed the atmosphere! Only had beer, but want to try some mix drinks. It was packed, would probs need to get there quite early to snag a good table for a dinner. The college age crowd is the polo/frat kind  which i dont mind at all, but see that bg tge comments some people dont. I still would like to go back!Stopped in to meet up with a date on a Saturday around 8:30pm. Place was packed. Had 2 drinks, both were fairly strong, reasonably priced. Didn't wait too long to be served. Didn't order any food and it looked like it would be a pain in the ass to try to. Would come back again for a drinkMet a couple of friends...The bartender was slow and really didn't seem like she wanted to be there..Food was just OK....Won't be rushing backOne of my favorite places to hang out and watch the game! Great food and always attentive service regardless how busy it is. Last Saturday I had Aisling as my waiter, after seeing a recent review I felt I had to write my own. The bar was packed and she was not only extremely attentive but made great suggestions and pushed through the crowds of ppl to make sure we got our meals and drinks quickly. Really sweet girl who worked hard to make sure we were comfortable despite how packed and rowdy it was.No matter what time of the day I come here, I find myself sitting in front of a big TV watching the game I want right on the bar.  Bartenders are always friendly and very attentive which is rare in that area of Center City (I've never actually sat at a table there, always at the bar).  Not a big group venue but definitely a place for 2-3 people to catch a game and a few beers after work.  Try the wings (with the dry rub) and the steak sandwich.  Thank me later.5 years ago my family and I stumbled on this place looking for somewhere to eat dinner after walking around the city for the holidays. We were beyond impressed with the food, so much so that it became a tradition to come here every year. All of the food is fresh and delicious and the roast pork sandwich is out of this world. The staff has always been very friendly. Over the years, my family has grown and this year we came in with a party of 9. We arrived around 3pm on a Saturday, December 2nd and it wasn't very crowded, however, the hostess was very rude and abrupt with us saying she didn't have a table big enough to accommodate us. There was a large table by the front window which she told us was reserved. We asked about combining two tables together like we did last year and she said that wasn't allowed. We asked how long of a wait it would be to seat us at the large table or if there was any other options and she said no and she couldn't give us a wait time. She was very rude and unaccommodating. Unfortunately this place lost out on our business that day and we won't be returning next year. If you have a large group I would not recommend going here.The interior is great, and so is the dipping sauce on the fries. nice beer selection (although a little pricey if you're not there at happy hour)
Here are my beefs though:
1.  This place is super close to where we live, and when my fiance goes there for take out (which she often does) it's met with either blatant indifference by the bartender or downright contempt.  We're trying to give you money (and still tip, I might add), why are you so mean!
2.  We went there the other day and the place was empty.  2 of the 4 folks were there, and when we told them we wanted a table for 4 we were told we needed our whole party.  Forget the fact that the only other customers in the whole place were a party of 2, at a table with 4 charis.
3.  I also had the smoked salmon sandwich referenced in one of these reviews.  I love lox, I love salmon.  This was the single worst thing I ate that year (2008).  It was vile, no other word to describe it.Nice Sunday Friday afternoon off from work so we decided to stop by Misconduct Tavern. Great location,outdoor seating and full bar. Drinks were a little pricey (average for the area) so no libations. I ordered the pork on a long roll with broccoli rabe, sharp provolone and a long hot (pepper). For the lady a fried chicken sandwich with pork rind breading :) Everything was great,service was pretty fast and the house made ketchup was awesome. I'd visit again to try the slidersMy friend lives in Old City and I live in Fitler Square so we figured Broad would be a good meeting point to settle on a spot for happy hour, and ended up at Misconduct.  
Misconduct has great happy hour Specials! Draught beer, cocktails, and wine are all half off from 5-7.  They also have daily food specials.  I went with a mahi mahi hot dog and some oysters with wasabi caviar.  It was all really good.  The hot dog had a mild seafood flavor to it and it was covered in a beer cheese sauce and caramelized onions so you really can't go wrong there.  My oysters were good too, and the wasabi caviar is awesome.  I would love to have it on top of sushi instead of the regular tobiko.
The service was friendly and the waitress was helpful with her recommendations.  I will definitely be back.I went with colleagues after work and the scene was the fun typical after work crowd. We only got drinks, but the bartenders were very knowledgable about the different drinks. I also liked how clean they keep it. I put my finished drink down on the table, and it was instantly swooped up and washed. Considering how busy and crazy it was in there, not all places keep up during prime time hours. The location was right, the setting was right, and so on and so forth. Someday I'll have to go back to eat, the food looked amazing! No complaints.Rude staff. DO NOT go here. Attempted to come here after my sister's wedding with a large group of people in their late 20's/early 30's. They let everyone in except my sister, who was still in her wedding dress. Really? We were with a group that was dressed in gowns and tuxes and the wouldn't let the bride in. What a bunch of a-holes.The new Misconduct tavern on 18th and JFK is definitely having service issues.  Twice I have problems in getting served after being seated on the front porch area.  The place is doing huge after-work business, and perhaps that is causing the service issues.  Last night my wife and I went there for dinner and we were sitting for over a half hour and still had not gotten our drinks.  And this was not the first time for me.  We ended up leaving.  Never again.I recently visited Misconduct Tavern for a few drinks with a friend after work during happy hour. This was my first visit here because with a name like 'Misconduct Tavern' I always imagined it to be a hole-in-the-wall, dark & dirty bar. Boy, was I wrong. This place was hoppin'. Very crowded, as it was the Friday before Christmas week. The inside was bright, clean & very inviting.
Although it was packed, the hostess found us an open table in the back, we ordered a few drinks & a side of fries. Drinks & fries were very good, service was fast & attentive.
Would definitely come back here for drinks again!I like misconduct for watching games, meeting friends, and if it's not mega-packed on a Saturday night, which it almost is, not a bad place to relax.  Sunday games are good here.  A lot of center city workers use it for their happy hour spot.  It's a little more upscale clientele.  Drinks are average for what you'll pay around this area.  It's not a dance spot though, that's for sure.They have huge bar and often you are lucky enough to get an actual seat! Great beer selection and service. The bartenders are quick. They have decent bar food. The bar isn't super rowdy, but an excellent chill spot. It is a great bar to start or finish your crawl with. You have always heard the saying you can tell a lot about a place by the way the bathrooms are kept up. These bathrooms are individual and excellent! When your buddy wants to roll to misconduct around 9pm, it immediately makes you suspect that he needs some privacy!I love this place. Best place to go by far when you're looking for a late night snack that doesn't involve a dingy diner or a slice of pizza. The food is by no means standard bar food. Get the crab bruchetta or the truffle grilled cheese and you will be very satisfied. In terms of the bar, it's a great place to sit back, relax and catch a game, or talk amoungst friends. I highly reccomend checking this place out!I love the spacious setting of the bar, great staff services and "good enough" flat screen TV.  However, that's where all of the good things end.  I frequently go to this bar on the weekend because this is the official Philly Arsenal bar in the city and I'm a big Arsenal FC fan.  I had tried every foods on the menu and it is horrible, a drunk disoriented hungover dude can make better foods than these guys.  If you love the food here, you probably need to get a higher standard and expectations in life. The beer selection is so small and generic and a bit overprice even for Center City standard.  The only reason that I even spend money here is out of courtesy of sitting in the bar for 3 hours with friends to watch a soccer game.  If you want good Irish pub food and beers, WALK across the street to FADO!!!UNPROFESSIONAL;
DOES NOT CARE ABOUT ITS CUSTOMERS;
CANCELS RESERVATIONS - JUST TO EARN A BUCK
I WILL NEVER BE SPENDING ANY OF MY MONEY AT MISCONDUCT TAVERN.
Yesterday (NFL Championship Sunday), my fiancee made a reservation for a party of seven at Misconduct ahead of time, and our reservation was confirmed.  Our reservation was at 4:00pm.  At 3:30pm, a representative from Misconduct Tavern called my fiancee to tell her that they were CANCELLING OUR RESERVATION, because they had lots of walk-ins and decided to give our table away.  Last time I checked, the entire point of making reservations was to ensure you had a table in the event that there were too many walk-ins.  Moreover, my friends were coming from 45 minutes away, so CANCELLING OUR TABLE A HALF AN HOUR BEFORE OUR RESERVATION was extremely inconvenient, since now we were scrambling to find other accommodations for a large group (which included children), while simultaneously redirecting my friends who were already on the road.  Finally, management had the audacity to offer to move our reservation to the next day, even though the entire purpose of our making a reservation was to make sure that we would be able to come in, sit, and watch the game as we ate and drank.  
I have no problem with an establishment that does not take reservations, or does not take reservations on a day where they expect lots of walk-ins (Championship Sunday or Superbowl Sunday).  However, to take our reservation ahead of time, then cancel it a half an hour before, is extremely rude and unprofessional.  Regarding a party of seven with children in particular, management at Misconduct Tavern should have known that it would be difficult for us to find another establishment with only a half an hour's notice.  After already confirming the reservation, I would think that a professional establishment would deal with a slight loss of income that comes from holding an empty table for half an hour, rather than destroy the good will of its customers to earn a half an hour more's worth of profits.  I have to conclude that Misconduct Tavern is NOT a professional establishment.  
THAT BEING SAID, we had the extreme fortune of being able to get a table for seven at Kite and Key (because Kite and Key is willing to take reservations for parties of six or more).  We had a good time, the pizza was especially great, the beer selection was different and did not disappoint, and the Broncos won.  
BOTTOM LINE  I recommend that anyone considering Misconduct Tavern should look elsewhere.  There are too many good places in Philadelphia for you to be spending your money here.Pretty good spot. Buddy and I went to the center city sips for happy hour and ommegang tap takeover. Ordered the cheese fries and cheesesteak empanadas. Empanadas were very delicious and would definitely order a burger next time aroundI've been a fan of Misconduct for years. And the tavern too.
[Disclaimer: I know one of the owners as he is a neighbor of mine.]
I love that they've expanded and remodeled. I used to feel claustrophobic in there because of how packed it would get sometimes. Even with the new space, there were a lot of people. I can't remember being at a bar which was that busy on a Monday night. I don't usually go out for Monday Night Football, but I guess that's what some of the people were there for. But now there was breathing room and plenty of seats at the bar.
The food was great. It being cold and almost snowy out, I ordered French Onion Soup. It was perfect. To go with that, I had a French Dip sandwich. Know what's better than French Onion Soup and a French Dip sandwich? FOS on the FDS! I saved the last quarter of my soup with lots of onions to put in my sandwich. Yum.
The staff is always friendly and on point. They have a great beer tap selection. And now lots more bathroom stalls without having to go downstairs like it used to be.
Um... I can't end my review with bathrooms... It looked like the front had large glass door/windows that they could open up in nice weather to bring in that fresh air. And maybe they do outdoor seating too? I can't wait to check that out in the Spring.Misconduct became my home away from home on Sundays during football season. They have numerous tv's spread across the bar broadcasting different games, in addition to a large projector screen for the home team game. I've only sat at the bar but the service is always on point. Most of the servers and bartenders are attentive and engage in conversation. 
I've had the wings and the mac n cheese, both of which I'd recommend (nothing out of this world but good). Younger, working crowd-late 20's, 30's-with some older regulars planted at the bar all night. Good place to grab a drink after work and definitely to catch any game on tv, especially football and soccer.Great center city bar that is slightly off the beaten path.  Great food...burgers are especially amazing.  Most of the sandwiches are fantastic.  
Fun for a night out with friends to watch a game because you might actually be able to get a table and good service. 
Very good alcohol and beer selection.I went for lunch today with a group for a co-worker's last day. We went soon after it opened and it was dead. I had the half sized mac and cheese with spinach, pesto, and bacon. It was delicious, so creamy and rich and the perfect size for lunch. I love that you can create your own mac and cheese dish- if you're undecided, spinach, pesto, and bacon is a phenom choice. Everyone seemed to enjoy what they had and the bill seemed reasonable. Our waitress was friendly and quick to refill our beverages. I'm curious to go back for happy hour or for a game!While I was initially thrown off by the overly enthusiastic seafaring theme at Misconduct Tavern, I do aim to try out all different kinds of bars. Coupled with their 1/2 burger Monday, it seems like a good place to try out.
Dan and I visited for lunch. It wasn't busy, and the server was pleasant and attentive. The beer list here is good and has some nice variety and smaller breweries, but not outstanding. $5.50 for Bell's Quinnanin Falls Lager (12 oz), $6 Ommegang Witte oints are slightly overpriced. I dislike bars that don't clearly advertise their prices, and Misconduct provides a tap list without any indication of price.
We ordered wings and cheeseburgers. The wings served are whole wings, I believe an order or five was $9. At that price, I expected nothing short of condor size wings in the most delicious sauce available. In short, they're more expensive and less falvorful and enjoyable than the wings served up at Moriarty's.
We both ordered medium rare burgers. We both received well done burgers. I don't like sending food back to the kitchen, so I ate and enjoyed my burger, but it was an oversight that shouldn't have occurred. The fries served alongside are okay, nothing special.
Bottom Line:
I can get better food, drink, prices, service, and atmosphere within a two block radius. On the other hand, there are far worse places in the same vicinity. If you're going to visit, at least do so on a Monday, when you can get a handsome burger for $5.
Posted by wgkealey at 3:58 PMTypical bar food and typical bar menu. Good to go to with a group watching a game but otherwise don't come for anything but the game scene and TVs.Not impressed. Veggie burger was mostly breading and my fries were burnt. My husband described his huevos rancheros as weird. Would not come back for food. Yuck.We were there this past Sunday!! We sat at the bar and had an amazing bartender!! He was a very wonderful (ginger/ red headed ) young man!!!  Very out going, wonderful personality!!! Food , drinks and service was great!!! I definitely will be back!!  ( At the Bar Part Only) 
But, there was only one flaw or maybe a few!!  I will never sit at a table in there!!  Only from what I witnessed and I'm a cook!!  The servers who picked up the drinks at the bar were putting lemons, limes, stirrers, and straws in/on the customers drinks were touching their hair, one was actually touching her nose, kept touching and picking at her nostrils , rubbing her eyes, putting her fingers in her mouth and blew her nose without washing her hands before reaching in the containers that lemons and limes were in to garnish the drinks!!  I was enjoying the best chicken tenders ever and lost my appetite! 
I would definitely if I was the boss/ manager etc... get some training done to teach his employees of food safety, and sanitation. Loved this place except for that!!!  I'm sorry. I just had to be honest and hope not hurt anyone's feelings!!I would give this place 5 stars, but they took the crab and artichoke bruchetta off the menu and I was highly disappointed. My husband and I would make trips here JUST for that. God, it was so good. Cheesy and crabby and...delicious. BRING IT BACK REGULARLY!!! Anyway, other than that, this place is great. A wide selection of drinks, plenty of seating at the bar, inside, and outside (weather permitting). The grilled ceasar salad was a surprise - I never thought I'd like a grilled salad, but it was very good. The grilled cheese and burgers are good. Everything here is good, you can't go wrong here. But I do wish that bruchetta was back on the menu...If you want to cheer for your game, you are not welcome, even if they told you at the very beginning it was NOT a problem. Such a shame to be called a sports bar and then be told you are too loud.  
They want to be classy and cater to a football crowd, such a shame.  Ans I was informed that all other patrons that were there at 1130 waiting for the noon game after 2 hours were being too loud... I guess they were okay with people spending money, but screw you if we have another wave of people come into their establishment.  
Beer is very expensive and they are not catering to the correct crowd to be called a sports bar on Yelp.. which I hope to modify!  
 More like an uptight management.   
I was told to keep it down by management and I didn't even swear... that's just BULL!  And now I swear!  If you cater to adults watching a game, then you need to allow the cheering to go along with the game.  
 Also, if you want to be called stupid by the bartender, then come here.  I'm okay with trash talking about sports, but when you get personal,  it makes you ignorant.  
I have not been disrespectful in any way shape or form, but just loud.  I do not recommend anyone watching any event here.  Perhaps if you want to be posh and not a true fan!  
I'm so sorry I gave any money to this establishment! 
The two stars is for their Victory Winter Cheers beer, which is like candy and very good.  
The lack of stars is due to management.... good job!I don't normally bother writing reviews but after reading some of the thoughtless things written below I had to respond. Until recently I had never even heard of Misconduct but a friend told me about some things they were doing for beer week, so we decided to check it out. 
My friends and I visited during a busy event they were having with Dogfish beer. I found that although the place was packed the service was very attentive and sensitive to a few dietary restrictions one of my friends has. 
We were smart enough to know the difference between salmon fillets and cured salmon, which by the way, has ABSOLUTELY NOTHING IN COMMON WITH LOX, except neither is "cooked" with traditional heating methods (sorry, my family owns a restaurant back home so I get a touch worked up over the little things). The menu offers both. We know this because we actually read it.
Two of us had the Misconduct Burger because our server suggested that this was the way to go since it was our first visit. They were incredible! They were cooked exactly as we had ordered them and the bun was sweet and just perfect. The fries were hot and crispy. OBVIOUSLY NOT FROZEN. My friends had chicken tenders, wings and the mozzarella. It seemed clear to me that these were not frozen either. 
Misconduct is now part of our bar rotation.Swell bar. Plenty of tvs and friendly staff. Food was pricey and not the best. Beer was great though.Stopped in here after a fun World Cup party on Sunday, and had a great time!  
Service was very speedy, and the french fries are AH-MAZ-ING...I could have eaten like three plates full.
The burger was also delicious, and served a TRUE medium, not the "you can order a medium but we'll still give it to you well done" that you end up getting at so many other places.
I wasn't in the beer mood, but their beer selection looked great...can't wait to check it out on my next visit.
Oh, and also, love that it's so close to the PATCO stop...The food and beer here is always great. Excellent craft beer selection. Highly recommend  the Mac and cheese, French onion soup and warm spinach salad.I've spent most of my free time for the better part of 3 years across the street from this place and I've never been tempted to go in.  However, after being told a couple of times that I really should try it out-I bit the bullet.  This place looks divier than it is.   It's over priced and the burger I had was just blah.  
I'd give it another shout maybe because it was packed and it could have been a bad night.Everything was meh.
The avocado fries and onion rings were great going down, but there was so much grease that it caused them to come back up- they did NOT taste as good in reverse.
The burger was cooked to a nice medium rare, but lacked flavor and cheddar cheese which I requested. The mac and cheese with bacon needed a ton of salt which is surprising since bacon is extremely salty. 
Probably will not come back for food- i'll stick to booze at this bar.The waitress was eh... kinda rude. She seemed annoyed that we came in for lunch. She and the woman bar tending could have been much nicer and the place was a little dark for lunch. 
The food was great. I had the veggie burger which i can't get out of my head. Could possible be my favorite veggie burger! Fries where also good perfect crunchiness. 
I decided that it would be a great place to watch a phillies game and hangout. Their beer selection was pretty good! My only negative was the staff other than that i loved it. So change your attitude cranky girl and this could have been GREAT! 
Try a sandwich and a beer and just watch the phillies do there thing!Somewhat boring bar with a pseudo-nautical theme (the bathrooms are for Sailors and Mermaids).  Unimpressive draft beer selection, though the bottle selection has some decent choices.  Lots of flat screen tvs.
So why the four stars, you say?  It's all about the fantastic grilled cheese, which is served with a deliciously bizarre layer of sweet red pepper relish, and perfectly salty fries.  
If for some strange reason grilled cheese isn't your thing, there are also plenty of burgers and cold sandwiches (including a pear and brie sandwich, which I might order someday if I can ever tear myself away from the grilled cheese). Apparently the full menu is served until 1:30 a.m.