Granting one of my far and few between 5 STAR reviews.  In lieu of a seated graduation dinner, our daughter opted to try the oversized boardwalk style pizzas that she saw on Taste with Tori. At the corner of Westmorland and Gaul streets is a tiny pizza shop. A take out place for sure but a small indoor table to seat two and a little table outside for those seeking these famous head sized slices.  Greeted by Mo the owner he walked me thru the menu answering my numerous questions and accommodating my many order changes.  We ended up order a sampling of wings, a 3 in 1 and both  24" and 28" pies.  All held up to the stingiest of pizza pallets.  Oohs, aahs and Wow's when these oversized boxes took up our entire dining table that accommodates 8 people!  Most only ate a slice or a slice and a half of these massive wedges.  Pizza consumption drastically varies from person to person but in my opinion a  24" will definitely accommodate 4/5 people and the 28" would satisfy 6.  Pizza flavor, seasoning and topping ratio was on point.   Wings were tasty and the 3 in 1 a special concoction of garlic knots, stromboli and pizza was not only unique but would be perfect for a Redbox and chill night for two. Bellies were filled, laughs were had and Moju's will definitely be visited again.  When it comes to pizza, they are a dime a dozen in Philly, it is the SERVICE here that will bring me back.  Mo was patient and friendly and the delivery driver even carried my order out to my car for us Make room in the car if your grabbing one of these giants as they took up my entire trunk of my Prius!I placed an order through Grubhub and for some reason the order didn't go through. As soon as I called in Moju's was so helpful and responsive, they made sure to get my order right away and send it out as soon as possible. Plus the food was absolutely delicious. 10/10 would order againStill giving this 5 stars for food, but I ordered tonight through their Slice app. I ordered at 8:10. Moju's didn't get it until 8:30. It's 10 PM and still no food. Told at 9:30 it's on its way. Totally unacceptable.I have been to most of the cheesesteak places in the city due to owning a food blog website and I have to say they have one of the best Cheesesteaks in the city. The roll is incredibly fresh and the cheese and steak go perfectly together. The best part is that from 11am to 3pm you can get this incredible Cheesesteak for just 5.75...Awesome Mega slice too!!!Pizza was burnt and not good tasting at all. Also every mozzarella stick was hollow inside. Very disappointed. Will not order again.Wings were on point! 3 in 1 is a great concept and was tasty!
Owner is down to earth and a great person!So I have an Art studio at Westmoreland Studios, for my twin 7yr old nieces and my 6 yr old granddaughter - sometimes we are there for 8 hours on the weekend, I usually order food in, I've been ordering from Moju, they have good pizza and kids like the chicken fingers and fries, and their reasonable - However the last few times that I have ordered fries, they were so greasy we didn't eat them because all you tasted was the grease - so this evening when I placed the order, I asked the gentleman on the phone if he could please make sure they leave the fries in the basket a bit longer then normal because the last few times they were really greasy, I even asked to put in brown bags so that way, the bag will suck up the grease and not let them lay in grease like the styrofoam containers do -The guy said "Sure no Problem".  The food came, I could not believe what was happening, I felt like I was being "punked" not only were the fries really greasy, but it looked like they dipped the bags in the grease as well, even the larger bag that held the bags of fries was dripping with grease! So I called, and I spoke to the gentleman, and I said - "I think you forgot to drain the grease off my fries"  his response was "No we didn't! We left those fries in the basket for 10 minutes then put them in the tray under the light" - I said, I have NEVER gotten fries this greasy, then he told me that it's the brown bags fault, the brown bag sucks up all the grease (Duh, that's why I requested a brown bag!" - so he hangs up on me , I call the driver and asked if the owner is in the shop today he said yes he is, I said I'm gonna text you some photos please show the owner these and explain that I asked for them not to send me greasy fries! - So no phone call back, no apologies nothing, nada! I am so disappointed the way I was treated! I still cannot believe the amount of grease that were on these fries - it's disgusting and they should be ashamed of themselves!  The photos speak for themselvesAfter waiting 1/2 hour, I received a phone call that my food can't be delivered. The driver had to go home early.   It's 11pm, ugh!I just tried their food yesterday and it was really good. The food tasted fresh and it got here quickly too.This is now our go-to place for food because it is fresh and tasty. We've tried a few different things over the past month, including the pizza, chicken alfredo, breakfast sandwiches, chicken salad wrap, salads and a few other food items. Nothing was bad. I like to try different things each time, and they have all tasted really good. Even my boyfriend, who is super picky, likes their food. I've never had trouble with delivery. One time Eat24 did call me to tell me it would take a bit longer than originally anticipated because they were busy, but it still got here in less than an hour and it was both fresh and hot when it arrived.I used to live around the area and order from here, love their cheese steaks.  Now that I live in Jersey City, every time i stop by Philly i must stop and order 2 to go. Owner is a super friendly guy. He even puts wax paper between the bread and the meat filling so my bread doesnt get soggy in the 2 hour drive back home.  Prices a generous.  I completly recomend this place.It's a shame food isn't bad but the delivery time is completely ridiculous ... I've been waiting for OVER AN HOUR for two chicken finger platters, motz sticks, and a slice of pizza ... completely ridiculous and this isn't the first time I've waited so long for such a small order ... and I was told this would take 30-45minsBest pizza I've had since new park pizza in Howard Beach Queens! Do you googles if you don't know who that is this is the best pizza in Philly hands-downConsistently good food, well prepared, fresh, promptly delivered. I've been ordering from here for over a year. Even Senior Management likes it and she has exacting standards.I am here again, breakfast sandwiches are great! Sausage egg and cheese on a long roll.Great food! And the MEGA PIE is humungous! Delivery was in great time and the food was steaming hot. Very nice owner always asking how everything was and offering different suggestions and sent us a sample to try with our meal. I cant say enough about this place, MOJUS is the absolute best and dont forget to try the slices...OMG...I normally posts all my reviews to Google and Zomato but had to give these guys a special shout out here.There are a lot of places to get pizza around but none are nearly as good as Moju's. I tried him once and never went anywhere else again. Every pizza that comes out of there goes through Moe's hands so it's consistently perfect. The specialty pizzas like the BBQ chicken and Taco pizza are really good, but my favorites are the Moju's Special and the "Some Like it Hot" pizza. Just loaded with toppings and cooked perfect every time. They also are on Grubhub and Eat24 so you can always find coupons for them too on retailmenot.com.First time trying Mojus pizza and it wasn't bad they went slightly over board with the salt but other than that it was just ok I tried the three in one which is the Stromboli, garlic knots, pizza combo much smaller than expected especially for 23.50The pizza is cheap and big. The people are friendly. It's a spot you go to when you want eat good and cheap. I had the mega slice, a cheesesteak and garlic knots. Everything was good. The neighborhood is hood, but that's fine. It's not fine dining, it's just good pizza.Big bangin pizza wonderful service clean organized in the back cheesesteaks y'all gotta try it !!!! Too good go get you some pizza and cheesesteakI don't review often.. this local pizza place was fantastic.  Wish I was in the area more.  Will be back when ever I can.  Awesome pizza, quality ingredients you can taste.  Best part owner hustling making every pie with his love for the business and customer.  MoJu mania is what I ordered.  Next time probably get a cheese steak and the three in one creation that has Stromboli, pizza and garlic bread in one pie!  Have to try thatI placed an order through GrubHub and was told the food would be delivered 40-50 minutes later.  1hour and twenty minutes after placing the order I called the place to check in the order.  I was basically dismissed by the woman who answered the phone who at first told me they weren't logged on to Grubhub, then told me my food was about to go out, then blamed Grubhub.   Not feeling confident in her answer I called GrubHub who told me they would check on the order.   GrubHub called me back and told me that they were also nasty to him, but told him the order was out for delivery.   I asked GrubHub to cancel my order, which they did.   Two hours after I placed my order (and after I had successfully gotten food from somewhere else) they brought the food to my house and didn't even try to apologize.  I sent the food back.  This restaurant clearly lied time and time again.
DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE!!!Yummy food. The best wings from any pizza place & I've been to a lot of pizza places. My favorite wings from here is the buffalo garlic. The service is great & prompt. You can't go wrong here. So order some food right now you won't be disappointed.January 20th Update - Owner contacted me a few days ago after he saw the review on Yelp, he was very apologetic and told me that he does not know why his employees didn't follow directions (I get it, I have employees who do not follow my directions too and unfortunately as an owner, their bad behavior reflects on us) the owner, told me that he would credit my account which I said was not necessary, I just want fries that aren't so greasy, like wait for the grease to come off in basket before they send food out! So I am gonna up my 1 star to a 3 because the owner did call back and took accountability! - hopefully next time I order, I will give them another chance, my food will be made with some pride! - until then, I will update to a 3star! 
January 14th - So I have an Art studio at Westmoreland Studios, for my twin 7yr old nieces and my 6 yr old granddaughter - sometimes we are there for 8 hours on the weekend, I usually order food in, I've been ordering from Moju, they have good pizza and kids like the chicken fingers and fries, and their reasonable - However the last few times that I have ordered fries, they were so greasy we didn't eat them because all you tasted was the grease - so this evening when I placed the order, I asked the gentleman on the phone if he could please make sure they leave the fries in the basket a bit longer then normal because the last few times they were really greasy, I even asked to put in brown bags so that way, the bag will suck up the grease and not let them lay in grease like the styrofoam containers do -The guy said "Sure no Problem".  The food came, I could not believe what was happening, I felt like I was being "punked" not only were the fries really greasy, but it looked like they dipped the bags in the grease as well, even the larger bag that held the bags of fries was dripping with grease! So I called, and I spoke to the gentleman, and I said - "I think you forgot to drain the grease off my fries"  his response was "No we didn't! We left those fries in the basket for 10 minutes then put them in the tray under the light" - I said, I have NEVER gotten fries this greasy, then he told me that it's the brown bags fault, the brown bag sucks up all the grease (Duh, that's why I requested a brown bag!" - so he hangs up on me , I call the driver and asked if the owner is in the shop today he said yes he is, I said I'm gonna text you some photos please show the owner these and explain that I asked for them not to send me greasy fries! - So no phone call back, no apologies nothing, nada! I am so disappointed the way I was treated! I still cannot believe the amount of grease that were on these fries - it's disgusting and they should be ashamed of themselves!  The photos speak for themselvesThis is world best pizza me my husband got some food and i must say better than any other pizza place in philly , i saw the review on YouTube and read the reviews on yelp , you must go to this pizza shop you will not be disappointed great customer service and this is my favorite pizza shop and this the only pizza shop i will be coming back .My goodness!!! I am SOOOO glad the pizza was really good! We saw a clip on facebook about your huge pizza and jumped in the car to try it out. The crust is amazing! The edges are garlicy and my FAVE part....the cheese does NOT fall off the pizza!!! So worth the drive, wait, everything! Moe knows exactly what he's doing!THE BEST PIZZA I HAVE EVER EATEN ! & I've ate from a lot of these philly pizzerias. I could truly say that they have the best pizza. You get a soda with the slice for a cheap price !! And it's a HUGE slice.. From the sauce down to the crust it's AMAZING !they have GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!! Great food & great customer service ! I'll be a customer forever. They have a wide variety of food to choose from. They even made a Stromboli in a crab shape ! They're talented ! I'll be their customer forever !This place is awesome best cheese steak ever rolls are fresh even my vegetarian wife and mother-in-law love the mushroom cheese steak with out the steak great service and great location great personality lot of food for good price definitely give this place a try will be worth every bite I can only give five stars if I could I would give 10 stars!!!!!!!!!This place is awesome best cheese steak ever rolls are fresh even my vegetarian wife and mother-in-law love the mushroom cheese steak with out the steak great service and great location great personality lot of food for good price definitely give this place a try will be worth every bite I can only give five stars if I could I would give 10 stars!!!!!!!!!This place is awesome best cheese steak ever rolls are fresh even my vegetarian wife and mother-in-law love the mushroom cheese steak with out the steak great service and great location great personality lot of food for good price definitely give this place a try will be worth every bite I can only give five stars if I could I would give 10 stars!!!!!!!!!Ordered again from Moju's give it a 4 star this time love the fact that the owner takes time to address every problem and tries to make it right I did give them 1 star before and owner did contact me try to make it right. I wasn't looking for a free pizza just wanted them to know on my last experience with them and how I felt, months later I give them another try owner upgraded my pizza thought that was nice of him even tho I only ate 1 slice and some fries kids ate the rest so it must of been good thanks Moju's for taking time to address the problems and for trying to make it rightMy first time ordering from there and ordered almost 50$ worth of food and they got the order messed up. Asked for a small stromboli and got a large also ordered as salad which was suppose to come with a roll and butter and that don't come. And when I called to talk to someone about it all I got got was attitude from the person I spoke with on the phone. And to top things off the food has made us both sick to our stomachs. My husband wasn't even halfway through his loaded nachos before he ended up in the bathroom throwing up. They offered us my 2.50$ credit back for when we ordered there again at this point they can keep it with the way my stomach feels after eating their food. I will not be ordering again from this place. This will be my first abs last time ordering from this place. If it wasn't for the attitude of the man of the man I spoke to on the phone I may have thought to possibly give them another shot but nope!I really think this is the best pizza in Port Richmond.
Cheese and sauce are good quality, but what stands out the most is their crust. They must bake it with garlic salt - because it's taste is so unique. 
They have a huge menu, and they push  the creative boundaries.
I only order their mega pizza - 32 inches in diameter - THATS RIGHT, almost 3 feet! They have a notch cut in the door just to get it out. They also have a "three in one" pizza, which is a combo pizza/garlic knot/Stromboli all in one.Today I only give it a 1 Star not happy with my pizza tonight, pizza was cold and dry everyone only had one slice and left the crust which I usually like, ordered the 3 in 1 with my order will not be ordering it again I did like the cheese on it, I guess I was expecting it to be as good as it said it would be.This place is amazing it might be small but there pizzas are huge and also it is a neighborhood friendly placeJust moved down the street from Moju's and decided to give it a try. Wasn't expecting anything great but man was I wrong. We had the 3 in 1 pizza and a side of fries. It was absolutely delicious. Food was great and super creative menu. Definitely found the spot with Moju'sTook a road trip last night to this place so glad I did! Pizza was excellent, wings were on point, cheese fries a little greasy but overall well worth the trip prices were on point and staff very friendly!!! Well worth checking out!If you are looking for New York style pizza in philly,  this is the place to go! Crust was perfect.  Pizza so big they had to make a cut out around the door to allow the pizza out. 
We had the three in one: garlic knots,  stromboli and pizza.   The stromboli could have used more sauce but otherwise it was a great lunch item for my family with an order of buffalo wings.   
Friendly staff,  good service,  reasonable prices. We will return.I've Heard so many great things about this place so My husband and I had to try the pizza out for our selves...and man oh man it was amazing.. favorite new spot will definitely be back for morePizza taste real good and the texture is perfect...nice and crispy...upset i only bought 1 slice to go...will be going back for sureThis place is amazing from the customer service to the food !! Omg it's just sooo amazing !! Food soooo tastyyyy !!!!! highly recommended !!We travel from the northeast for MoJu's because the pizza joints around us are inconsistent and dicey. It's gotten so hard to get a decent pizza but we can always rely on Moju's! We've had plain, pepperoni and black olive pies so far and they've been consistently great. The crust is phenomenal! The garlic knots and mozzarella sticks are to die for. The fries are good too. We haven't had one of the huge pies yet.... but we plan on it next family movie night.Calzone and burgers were on point, good food for the price, I'll be ordering again.The best pizza in Port Richmond customer service is second to none the three in one pizza Stromboli and garlic knots is the best idea I ever sawWhenever we decide to order food from here, I get a kick out of reading the plethora of fry items this place has. No joke, like a dozen variations of fries. This pizza spot is definitely one of the better ones in the neighborhood. Solid choices here are the pizza, heros (or as Philly folks call it, hoagies), and wings. I have to agree that the food can be greasy sometimes, but that's because it's fried food...it's expected in a way.I really like this place, especially the guy running this place.  Anyone considering opening a business should do an internship at MoJu's.  I got the MoJu's Special Steak. I like the meat, it was finely chopped. The special comes with onions, green peppers, pepperoni, mushrooms, sauce and mozzarella, everyone played very well together. The roll, the whole cheesesteak got toasted. I don't know if it got over toasted or with what's going on with Corona, people ordering is inconsistent so ordering rolls is inconsistent.  I didn't take a lot of points off but the roll tried to ruin a great night.  The menu is big and you can customize just about everything including making your roll a garlic bread roll for an extra $1. Very good overall experience.Today was my first time at Moju's but it will not be my last. If you want delicious NY-style pizza in Philly, then this place should be first on your list. Aside from the delicious food, the owners were very nice.Heard about this place through a guy from work telling me how their slices are huge so I wanted to check it out. I went in and grabbed 2 slices and my co worker wasn't lying at all! The 2 slices was like a whole pie! I was very shocked when I tasted the slice because usually when you have a slice that big it's super floppy with no crunch at all. These slices were amazing the crust was good it was nice and crispy, everything about the slice was amazing and for the size the price was a great deal! The guy working the counter I believe is the owner and he was very nice and seemed real passionate about the pizza which is always a plus cause he cares about what he is giving to the customer! If you are anywhere in the neighborhood I would definitely go check this place out! I know I'll be coming back often, highly recommend.Ordered from there for the first time tonight and it was AWESOME!!
Got garlic parm fries, buffalo garlic wings, and a three in one whic is part pizza, part cheese steak stomboli, and part garlic knots... like the most incredible invention EVER.
The owner and staff were really awesome too. We ordered pick up but they made sure to show how great the food looked before I left.
Can't wait to order again honestly. They have huge pizzas (28") so when you have a party, its perfect!I'm giving this restaurant 1 star b/c I placed an order and then 40 minutes later an eat24 rep. called me to say the restaurant didn't have any delivery drivers available. maybe i'll try them again another time when I'm not so pissed! thanx for nothing!I love this place! I do not get to go here often but when I do is always delicious. Their 3 in 1 is the best choice. You can get the Stromboli with chicken, pepperoni or veggies. It's quick, made with love and super friendly. You need to check them out!!!Took me a while to try this place though I live down the street.
Mo is a super nice guy, delievers great pizza and as another reviewer stated, the wings are incredible.
Solid neighboor spot, though I cannot vouch for delivery service.Pizza was just okay (mind you, I eat a lot of pizza and it's all about preference) but the owner Mo seemed like a great dude. I wish much success to his business. I would like to try the chicken cheesesteak and the "sun pizza pie" thing next.We tried to order from here tonight and they wouldn't deliver to us basically because we are on the other side of Frankford Ave and they "don't deliver there after dark."absolutely the best and the biggest pizza ever had the crust is amazing with  a unique flavor blow your  mind thank you for great NY pizza in phillyI have had pizza in New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, DC & San Francisco.  I can truly say that this is the best pizza ever.  We tried the 30 inch pizza and it was on point, perfect amount of sauce, cheese, spices, and toppings.  We drove from West Philadelphia to try this pizza & it was well worth the trip.  The service was excellent with transportation of the pizza to be he car.  A must go to place for pizza in Philadelphia.just tried this place for the first time this week and already ordered twice! i've had the wings and cheesesteaks and would 10/10 recommend to others ! can't wait to try the rest of the menu :)Very friendly folks. I tried the Philly cheesesteak fries and wings. Fries are just as everyone stated. REALLY greasy. If you can get past the grease, they're not bad. I absolutely loved the cheesesteak-EXCEPT their bread which was a little tough and chewy. Imagine bread put in the microwave. I would try the sandwich again cuz the flavor was delish!! I'd give this place another try.Loved the megapizza! Was great to chat with Mo and it was well worth the one hour trip to go to this philadelphia institution.Look. Ive tried every place in portrichnod/kensington/fishtown area and mojus by far has the best overall food and quality with everything. I now order from here just about every weekend and the people along with the delivery driver are always nice and never ignorant. Highly recommendedVery friendly folks. I tried the Philly cheesesteak fries and wings. Fries are just as everyone stated. REALLY greasy. If you can get past the grease, they're not bad. I absolutely loved the cheesesteak-EXCEPT their bread which was a little tough and chewy. Imagine bread put in the microwave. I would try the sandwich again cuz the flavor was delish!! I'd give this place another tryLOVE Mojus!! Definitely a hidden Gem!!! The pizza is the best in Philly! I'm not a crust eater, but I always finish their crust... its sooo delicious and the best part is the Slice portions are insanely HUGE (in a good way) .. also a huge plus, is the owner is always super sweet and personable! This is major for me! Only negative (if you would even consider it a negative),  is... they're so good, they run outta slices sometimes,  but I've noticed it's more so later in the day... so GRABBEM' WHILE THEY'RE HOT!  & Enjoy!!We stumbled upon this local pizzeria by complete accident. But we were so glad we found ourselves here! The owner was super welcoming and polite. 
For most places, a common saying we adhere to is "You get what you pay for." But at Moju's, you get way more than what you pay for. We ordered a Large (16") Pizza with Regular Toppings (Mushroom) and ended up paying about 16 bucks for the meal. Pretty good pricing in our opinion! They also run these Super Specials where you get 2 Large (16'') Pizzas for $16 from Sunday through Thursday which we thought was a fantastic deal. 
Now let's talk about the Pizza. Simply put, it was absolutely delicious. The crust was thick, porous and bready with a garlicky aftertaste. The sauce was on the sweeter side which provided a nice contrast to the salty cheese and the mushrooms. And as mentioned by other reviewers, the pizza had just the right balance between the amount of cheese and the marinara sauce. 
Our only regret you ask? That we didn't find this pizzeria sooner! It's that good.Must have driven by the place nearly everyday.  I finally stopped and bought a slice of pepperoni.
Nice balance of sauce and cheese!  The crust is light and airy.  The pie was a tad blonde for my taste and maybe just a touch more garlic "power" (the ground is lighter) but I really can't complain.
The COVID-19 thing restricts everything.
I'm sure if the oven was fired high for more production ... it would be crispy, too!
All and all ... very tasty!Just tried to order wings and onion rings for delivery and after waiting just under 2 hours, my order was canceled. Unbelievable. I wish I could give this restaurant 0 stars.Order pizza fries and the hungry man cheese steak both were excellentI told my wife all I wanted for my birthday was a 30 inch pizza from Mojus. Skip the cake, skip the sweets, get me that big pie! Not even close to being a gimmick pizza. Great crust and overall a very solid pizza. I really wanted to be there to watch my wife and mother in law get this thing out the door and into their car lol but they were nice enough inside to help bring the pizza out. I cant wait until my next excuse to get a 30 inch pie!absolutely the best pizza in the neighborhood i tried this place while i was walking to the L tried a slice and it was delicious no grease right amount of sauce and cheese.im very picky when it comes to my pizza. everyone around here uses pan pizza n crust tast like yeast n smells like it i always trash it  but at this place i didnt leave nothing at all tasted so good ....
so i decided to order dinner last night wings Med pizza and  chicken parm with penne i am very very pleased...wings were meaty n great buffal garlic mild sauce .......
  MOJUS  u have a repeat customer not to mention great cheap prices