Best place in the Rittenhouse area I have found to buy beer. Much more affordable than Foodery (and as strong of a selection). Beer is priced to be sold by the bottle so you are encouraged to make your own mixed packs.
For $18, I got a mixed six pack of the following:
-Fegley's Hop'solutely
-Troeg's Javahead
-Victory Storm King
-Evil Genius Purple Monkey Dishwater
-Manayunk Dreamin' Double IPA
-North Country Brewing Paleo IPAGreat beer selection and decent prices. If they don't have what you want, ask, they can look into it. Deliveries often, knowledgable about the choices available. My go to pick up beer spot. Open until 12 am.Really convenient place to pick up snacks, beer, or an especially well-made deli sandwich. Everything is fairly priced, and the sandwiches are cheap. The corned beef sandwich is my go-to - super tasty and great for grab n go when I'm out around Rittenhouse.I believe that I only went in to buy beer.  Excited as I was to find somewhere that sold it.  It's Philadelphia...nearly dry county.  The old couple behind the counter (younger than me probably, but I am fab :)) were nice and they didn't watch me the whole time I was shopping.  A change from usuall Philly attitude.  AND the beer selection was good!Awesome beer selection! They have Russian River beer pretty frequently. The staff are so friendly and welcoming and the sandwiches, wraps, and salads are fantastic. So fresh and generous portions. Skip the pricey restaurants around for lunch and come and come here instead.I never tried their sandwiches but I know they had boars head (which is my personal favorite) it looked a little dirty in there and I don't know if I would get anything..The place only sold beer which was a bummer.Awesome place to grab a high quality sandwich or hoagie. Great beer selection for take out and can mix/match to your heart's delight. Try the italian or turkey hoagie. Breakfast sandwiches are good too.4+ stars for Monde.  A pretty darned good beer selection for such a small place, and they're prices are better than the Foodery.  Sandwiches are good too: quick and made to order.  What more can you ask for when you want a beer and a hoagie and you don't want to go far?I buy a lot of beer in this city. I love going to Brew at Ultimo, Food and Friends even that expensive cash-only place next to McGlinchy's but this place is the best. They always have a wide selection of good beers and it's not too pricey. Right on, Monde Market!The best bottle shop in center city. Great bottle selection with harder-to-find stuff regularly available. Prices are very fair by Philadelphia standards. Check their Facebook page for updates on rare bottles that come in - they are good about updating it on a regular basis. 
As an added bonus, the sandwiches are really excellent. Totally customizable, and very inexpensive.
Highly recommended.I may be a shallow reviewer but I'm giving Monde 5 stars for their beer selection. And when I say selection, I selfishly mean Great Lakes Brewing Co. They carry all the staples but finding a row of Burning River Pale Ale in the fridge made me swoon. Thank you for making a Cleveland girl feel at home.I frequent this place a lot, since its right around the corner from my house. Whether I'm buying a six pack, or just getting something at the deli, I've always left happy. The beer selection is impressive, and the deli has been my answer to a quick dinner when I'm in a time crunch. Surprisingly, the deli has a pretty big selection, you could get anything from a hoagie to soup to a salad. 
I love this place.I just adore the Monde (and it's hilariously pronounced Mahn-dee by the locals).  It's my neighborhood spot and I'm so lucky for it.  Breakfast sandwiches for under $4.00 and if you get egg whites - they make them out of egg whites from fresh cracked eggs, not that yucky box.  Dig that.
Plus the other stuff the other people said about the nice staff and good selection of beers.
Also, West Rittenhouse pro-tip, they are ALWAYS open on holidays and snow storms.  This is crazy, and no fun for the employees I'm sure, but it sure is helpful when you run out of butter on Thanksgiving.Decent selection on the beer. The mixed six pack is a nice option, but some of the beer I chose tasted a bit stale. Some that I've had and enjoyed, just didn't taste quite right. Sign by the register was funny, but perhaps should have been a warning?- Maybe a bit old? One beer was clearly marked as expiring in June, when it's august. I steamed clear of that one due to brewers labeling. If so, maybe just lack of turnover in stock, but just a caution that this may be a better place for some Corona than Victory or Dogfish. Haven't tried the food yet but might be back based on other reviews.Did they re-model?
Something seems better about this beer-stocked deli - snacks, sandwiches and all the usual suspects.
A wide selection of cold drinks.
Good location - and hours.
No issues from me.I've never even thought to review Monde, but after yet another delicious sandwich I felt that it was my duty. Monde is primarily a neighborhood bottle shop, but they also have a decent amount of food/household items, and a deli. When I run out of something in my apartment, Monde usually comes through, and cheaper than anywhere else at that.
Their deli also deserves a huge mention. Everything is fresh, cheap, and delicious. Breakfast sandwiches all day, a cheap special every week, the list goes on. I couldn't stop talking about the basic turkey sandwich on wheat I had recently because it was just that fresh and delicious.
Give Monde a try, it doesn't disappoint.Wonderful beer selection (so glad to see Asahi and Sapporo among other local varieties and some surprisingly rare beers). Great also for a late bite. The touchscreen ordering system is efficient, and I'm glad you can handle all the customizations and such right there without having to deal with the person behind the counter having to remember it all. Affordable hoagies and generous with the meats and veggies in side. Not too big a fan of their salads (I saw them dig out frozen chicken pieces and microwave them to throw on top of an iceberg lettuce stripped down... it was a little depressing in comparison to Old Nelson's salad). The soup also was microwaved, and I just felt like it wasn't as freshly prepared as the sandwiches. Nonetheless, a great neighborhood marketI've never eaten the food here, but the beer selection is great. I love how you can create your own six-pack. Great selection, great prices. The service is very friendly and they get to know you if you go in often. It's also very convenient for picking up little odds and ends that you may need, like toilet paper, kleenex, eggs, olive oil, etc.I really want to like this place but what bugs me is the $1 coffee they claim as La Colombe is not. Honestly, can they get away with selling it for $1 if it really was? I get it, we all like to find our hidden gems, but I don't like to compromise good coffee by saving 50 cents. And icing on the top - I see the employees with Caffeination or Starbucks coffee all the time. Think about it. 
This place does have a good selection of beer, but so does the store diagonally across the block on Chestnut. In fact, the one on Chestnut is even cheaper believe it or not. I like what this store has to offer, but I feel that it is trying to be every other store in the area but their own. Kudos to them for imitating but not for originality.Great beer selection, great prices. And I go for bagels with cream cheese and breakfast sandwiches pretty often and they never disappoint!I come here often for lunch/ dinner while im working. Cheapest meal this side of town without going to a food cart. Their weekly sandwich special w/ a bag of chips is $3.99, how can you beat that! These aren't the tallest sandwiches in the world but they are flavorful with good meats that wont bust your wallet. All sandwich come with chips which is a plus. Good Beer selection for BYO nights at the movie theater around the corner.My husband was raving about some market where he'd been getting sandwiches for lunch...and I basically just shrugged and chalked one up to boys being weird.
But then he insisted we stop by Saturday morning to grab a quick sandwich.  I didn't have any better places in mind, so I agreed to go, and grab a sandwich if something looked good, or come home and eat some cereal or something if nothing appealed to me.
As soon as we walk in, my husband walks right up to the kiosk and starts ordering.  I take the 30 seconds to look at the menu.  BREAKFAST SANDWICHES.  WE HAVE A WINNER.  I ordered a ham, egg, and cheese, with avocado (because, really, how could I resist).
I watched the guy make the sandwiches in the back--he seems like a happy guy, and made each sandwich so meticulously--I loved the way he was carefully spreading my avocado slices across the sandwich.  Then wrapped with love, cut in half, placed carefully in a clamshell or wrapped in foil, before being delivered with a smile.  Wish I had caught his name.
And what can I say?  It was a delicious sandwich...as a ham, egg, cheese, and avocado sandwich should be.  Then this thought crossed my mind: apparently my husband is not as crazy as he sometimes leads me to believe.
Why 4 stars, then?  I have to say, I feel pretty awkward sitting in a convenience store eating a sandwich.  I really don't know how to make it better, but I was so thrown off by the setting.  Also, we got there right before the lunch rush--but it became apparent that having just one guy making sandwiches might not make for the fastest service, when many people are ordering multiple sandwiches.Great sandwiches - especially for breakfast; and an amazing selection of beers (although I've given up alcohol)!Quick in-out sandwich shop...easily compared to competitors for quilaty of a beautifully crafted sandwichBest menu item: Weekly sandwich special!
Sandwich and chips for $4 in center city!? Thats right, you read correctly. There is only one guy here who makes the sandwiches and he is an artist. Do not be fooled by the underwhelming facade of Monde market. Go here and get a sandwich!
Hot tip(s): You walk in, pick your sandwich on the screen (i always get the weekly special). Your ticket prints out and sandwich man starts making your creation. Take the ticket to the cash register to pickup your bag of chips. Don't forget to keep your stamped receipt to receive your sandwich when it's ready in record time. Also don't forget to watch your sandwich being made, he is a true craftsman.I've only stopped in to pick up random bottles of beer. But, as someone who does this regularly, this spot is my new favorite. The prices, while not cheap, are much more reasonable (read: fair) than any other specialty shops I've found nearby. Another bonus: the prices are LISTED! Gone are my days of grabbing a delicious bottle of suds only to be STUNNED when I get to the register as the price is a solid $5 more expensive than even my most generous estimate.
They hold tastings regularly and, on occasion, bottles will even go on sale. I've nabbed one or two beers normally priced at $4-6 for less than three. And even a single dollar discount goes a long way.  They also have no minimum for using a card, so if you're fresh out of cash AND beer, you don't have to fret!  
Friendly (and helpful) service, a clean store, a diverse variety, and plenty of empty 6- or 4-packs ready to fill with your favorites, the market is outta this Monde!In love with my little corner store. Why overpay for this exact sandwich when you can get it at this little deli? Soo fresh and delicious. A little extra for bacon and avocado, but so worth it, only $8 for the sandwich and bag of chips comes with.I lived a block away from Monde Market for a year, and I'm confident saying this place is a hidden gem.  Everything about it is quality.  The beer selection is always awesome, and you can build your own six pack at a reasonable price. The Italian Hoagie they make is the best hoagie I've had anywhere in Philadelphia.  The onions are sliced thin, lettuce is chopped fine, the meats are Boar's Head and the rolls are perfect. Even the market section has all great quality foods.  Highly recommend.Great selection of craft beers, mix and match six packs, and friendly people at the counter. Yeah, that's about as good as a corner store can get.
My lady friend and I always stop by here right before hitting any BYOs in the Rittenhouse area (I'm looking at you, Vic!) and get 8 or so beers and ciders. Prices per bottle run anywhere from 2-4 dollars, but on average, you're not spending vastly more than you would at any other beer takeaway, only the products here are vastly superior, and you can choose exactly what you want.
There's really not much else to say. I suppose at some point I'll try something from the deli, but I don't need to do that to give this place its solid 4 stars.I have only shopped at Monde for their beer, but I have done so many many times for their great selection and prices. The bottle shops downtown are largely wayy overpriced, and Monde has very fair prices. 
They carry a nice mix of staple year rounds of craft beers, but also get in awesome seasonals and even the really rare beers. I've only ever bought single bottles, 12oz and bombers, you can do a mixed 6 too. 
I always run into a lot of people coming in for food, and it smells good!Great beer selection, great hoagies, what more could you want?  Definitely a go-to lunch spot! There's always a special on a certain type of sandwich, which is a great deal, but the hoagies are better - I'd stick with those.This is a deli and bottle shop. I picked up some beers brewed in state from Evil Genius and Weyerbacher. They had a good selection of singles to build your own six pack, but I was hoping for a greater variation of six packs. My custom six pack cost $20.Monde Market is a great bottle shop that I didn't realize existed until tonight. I was in the area for a meeting and had just exited the really good wood fire pizza place across the street with two slices to go. 
I looked up and there was Monde:
Pizza and beer. 
Beer and pizza.
...it's a match made in heaven!
I grabbed a Stout's Scarlet Lady Ale and a Bell's Two Hearted Ale, which should be staples in every Philly cooler. Two great beers from two favorite breweries in two fantastic places I've lived! They carry the a great selection of bottles from all over the country and six packs.
I haven't tried their deli, but I would. I'd also like to export their beer to some of BYOs in the neighborhood. Cheers, Monde! And thank you to the funny cashier who asked if my phone cover was a pet!I come here to have a sandwich maybe 3 times a week! I love just walking up to the kiosk, and punching in the specifics of what I want on my sandwich and how much of what, and then 5 minutes later, a nice tall man with cool dreds hands me my perfect sandwich! 
$5.49 for a big turkey sandwich and it comes with chips! :)Great spot for weird beers at odd hours. Super pricey in my opinion but when you need a convenient place for craft beer at 10pm on Sunday this is where you should probably go.The cheapest beer store around the area!! Has the widest selection of beer!! Great foods!!As a beer bottle shop, this Rittenhouse's hidden gem. It's a simple convenience store with a deli. There isn't anything special about it in that regard. However, it's got a fantastic selection of beer and the pricing is fantastic. Much better than Food & Friends. 
The folks that work here can be a bit grumpy. The people who tend the cash register are nice enough, but the deli people are not nice. I would probably give the beer selection and price five stars and the deli 3 stars, which is where my rating came from.My boyfriend and I frequent this market all the time! They have an amazing deli with delicious cheap sandwiches and a great selection of craft beers! I especially love that you can put together your own 4 or 6 pack of assorted beers! The staff is always friendly and the place is clean. The perfect convenience store!This place has better hours that most of it's competitors. The food quality and prices are pretty good too, but they shut the kitchen down way before they close. As for their beer, their 6 packs, 12 packs, etc. selection is about normal. Nothing crazy. Sometimes they throw in a free beer glass/ mug with a purchase. But the thing that this place is best know for is their exotic beer selection. Best part is, they sell individual bottles and cans of all different types of imports. This is a wild guess, but I'd have to say they have close to 200 to choose from. It's definitely the largest selection that I've ever seen. Other than that, depending on what you get, their prices are average to a little bit above average.Great beer selection, reasonable prices on everything, and custom made to order sandwiches for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Recommend sandwich station strongly. 
Friendly service and a great place to get groceries in a pinch, some basic essentials, and booze.Off the chain I am head over heels in LOVE WITH THIS DELI. I order club with a toasted croissant and then I have the option to go NUTS...I add extra bacon, extra cheese, cucumbers, pickles, horseradish, and the end result is this massive 5lb sammie of pure JOY. It's a win*win because their beer selection is on point, add a bag of damn good cheetos and I'm a happy girl.Love this place, especially because it's steps from our apartment. 
Everyone is super friendly and the deli makes fresh, delicious, plentiful sandwiches (breakfast and otherwise) at a fair price. The weekly $3.99 sandwich special is a great deal, too. 
Their grocery section has great variety, and in a pinch I'll pick up staples/snacks here, but it's all pretty marked up. Sooooo convenient though... sometimes can't resist! 
Also fwiw it appears they have amazing beer selection but we don't drink so can't really speak to the quality.I come all the way here from my apartment in midtown village because they're by far the best deli/market I've been to that sells beer. 
It's a very clean environment, and the staff is great. In fact, one of them was dusting the bottles on the shelf and making sure all the labels faced out when I was here last. They clearly go above and beyond. 
The individual bottles of beer selection is huge, and the prices are the cheapest I've seen (ex. Troegs Nimble Giant is $4.79 here compared to $5 and $6 elsewhere). Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA is $1 cheaper here than I've seen. All the change adds up if you buy more than one.
I literally went to every takeout beer store in midtown village, Washington Square west, rittenhouse, and one in south Philly, and this was the only place I found Victory Home Grown Lager ($2.59), a new beer just introduced this week from a local brewery in Downingtown, PA. They have a lot of "rare" options compared to other places. For example, I haven't seen the Flying Dog Dead Rise Old Bay beer anywhere but here.Best Deli in Centre City. No Question.
Great Service, Friendly Staff and an amazing deli that dishes out great sandwiches especially during breakfast...$1 La Colombe Coffee as well. Can't beat that !!! Love this place !!!Spectacular club sandwiches. Fair prices for deli stuff and they don't skimp on the ingredients. Definitely the best I've come across in Philly so far.I live a block away from this place, and I go here at least once a week to either grab a daily special sandwich or a couple of tasty local beers. (Very good sandwiches here) I love Bell's and they carry just about every one, except for the milk stout which is my fave but oh well! I have tried countless new beers here, it's the easiest and most affordable way to try them compared to a bar. It's always a friendly atmosphere, you can eat, drink and be merry.Great selection of beers but be warned, they sell expired beer and refuse any refund. They are explicit about such a policy. I bought canned beers and each one was flat, which brings me to the conclusion that there is a clear intent to sell expired beer.Though I haven't gotten much other than beer here, Monde simply cannot be beaten for their combination of excellent selection and great prices of craft brews. The staff is extremely helpful without being pushy whatsoever. Everything is priced very fairly and is clearly marked. They also have amazing sales on 750mL bottles every now and then when they are clearing out stock. Their selection changes frequently and they highlight a good array of seasonal selections throughout the year. If you are buying individual bottles near Rittenhouse Square, Monde should be your first stop.The beer selection was extensive and not expensive.  Bottles and cans listed at cheaper prices than Food & Friends.  Example: Dale's Pale Ale and Speakeasy IPA for around $2.50.  Food & Friends they are closer to $3.
Staff is helpful.  Location convenient.  Not much to talk about.  What you see is what you get.
I know their sandwiches are amazing because my friend walks to Monde basically every night to get his dinner.  Corn beef sandwich or something like that.
Point is: If you need a beer, snack, bev, or sandwich, try Monde.The beauty of monde is simple. They sell Tate's in little 3 packs rather than having to buy an entire sleeve of them and eat them all. They also have a really decent selection of beer they almost rival food&friends and the foodery, but the beauty is I don't have to deal with hipsters, snarky boys, or exboyfriends. What I do have to deal with is the guy behind the deli counter who thinks I am his personal Christina Hendricks. I'm flattered but seriously you make me feel like you think I'm going to steal all the kinder hippos! 
One tip is, go across the street to the bodega next door to Primo's before hitting Monde. They sometimes have cheaper selection and have exactly what you are looking for. However, they do not have tate's, hippos or as wide a non-alcoholic beverage selection!Delivery was fast and driver was very nice. I ordered a turkey BLT and it was perfect! Clean, fresh & delicious!A great beer selection with specialties like Daisy Cutter, Bells Blackout (and cheaper than Food and Fries), Terrapin WnB, Moo Hoo, Lost Abbey, Port Brewing, and more.
The prices were decent for the area.HANDS DOWN THE BEST BEER STORE/DELI IN PHILLY!! I cannot rave more about this place. I have been to ALL the beer shops in the city but this is and will always be my go-to place. Great Beer selection!! They show the prices (good prices) too which is nice -- can't say that about other beer shops. They also do beer tastings from time to time. Their DELI is fantastic with the freshest ingredients. The MTO (Made-to-order) kiosk system is easy to use and super convenient. Delicious sandwiches, hoagies, wraps, and soups! The owner and staff are extremely friendly and knowledgeable. Very laid back place. Not like other beer establishments where you feel like you are being judged and from the moment you walk in their stores. This place is a hidden gem and best kept secret in Philadelphia!I love living near this market!  They have vegetarian and some vegan options including the chickpea salad, Franklin Farms veggie burgers, meatless meatballs, falafel balls, all of which are very good.  They also have vegetarian options available at their deli! 
The service here is friendly and the price is reasonable, I have bought quite a few of their disposable masks and they're good quality for a good price.  
They have good snacks, I love the fig bars, ginger thins and biscotti.  
They accept Apple Pay, yay!
Glad that they're in the neighborhood!My favorite breakfast sandwich! Made to order hot off the grill!  Yes grill not like other convenience store in neighborhood that microwave their eggsthis place is immaculate too. I get egg whites with cheddar cheese n turkey bacon on toasted croissant! Delicious!!! Owners are always there the key to their success. Kudos to themSuper clean, and with a really large selection of craft beer.  I like coming here to get my beer for parties cuz it's not ghetto like a lot of beer distributors - and I can buy a 6-pack rather than a huge case.  Good place to grab a sandwich too.It's an okay mart. No sign. They sell chips, 'wiches, beer, sweets, wine. No paper in receipt machine. Cashier had dumb attitude when I ask for receipt.
Rebel review: 3Amazing deli, great staff.  Has everything that you possibly need (BEER).  Sandwiches are also very delicious.  Their meatball hoagie is really good (better than Old Nelson's).  Breakfast sandwiches are great as well.  My favorite local deli in Center City.This is a convenient neighborhood spot to grab a quick and cheap meal.
located just around Rittenhouse square Monde Market makes for some of the cheapest eats in the neighborhood. For $6 or less I personally get a bacon egg and cheese on a croissant with a bag of chips and a drink. It suffices when I need to save money or just need something really fast. Another plus to the establishment is the workers. They are very friendly and polite and that's worth so much when you're running a business!
If I remember correctly they serve la colombe coffee and all their sandwiches come with a small bag of chips. They have a nice beer selection as well to go along with the typical convenience store fare.A staple to our regular routine. This is a gem of a place with amazing fresh food and friendly people. You get your money's worth for sure! I come here for breakfast sandwiches and hoagies at least 2x a week. Tip: if you love avocado like me, add it to your breakfast sandwiches (see pictures!)So, I have previously reviewed Monde for beer alone, and I still maintain it's one of the best options for grab and go in the area in terms of variety and price.
Yesterday I decided to give the food a go and ordered a chicken salad wrap. To order sandwiches, you order on a screen similar to the touch screens at Wawa or Honeygrow. The sandwich guy was quick and friendly and guess what? The wrap was pretty darn good. The chicken salad was not overly loaded with mayonnaise and all ingredients tasted fresh. 
A solid win in my book!Great selection of craft beer.. Oddly, I see a better selection of CA beer than I see in CA.Very clean and delicious. You can tell they take their time making your food my lettuce for my salad was so clean I really appreciate it! Everything was very fresh and delicious good quality foodI'm a fan! I was wandering the streets of Center City hungry and broke, and I came across a sign that they had $4.00 sandwich. I opened my wallet and saw that I had exactly 4 dollars, so I went into the store to lighten my pockets. I wasn't disappointed! The BBQ chicken sandwich was filling, packed with meat, and very delicious. When I went to pay for it - they even gave me free chips! How much better can it really get? If I'm in the area and I'm hungry - this is a great option.Bacon egg & Chs is prepared fresh in front of you and the size is huge. The lady at the cash register was also super nice :)What a hidden gem. This was the best egg sandwich I ever had in Philly, and I was able to pick up some beer while getting it. Literally so delicious.I love this place for a few reasons: a variety of gluten free beers and a mix and match 6pack option. We all know that PA has some crappy liquor laws, so prepare for some higher prices than other places here. However, they have more than a few gluten-free beers and ciders. My favorite are: Omission (it doesn't say gluten-free because they are still waiting for FDA approval, but I promise you it is!), Estrella Damm Daura (full-bodied lager), Angry Orchard cider (full-bodied cider), and Jack's Cider (more tart and clean tasting than others I've tried). Also try Redbridge, which is Anheuser-Busch's answer to GF needs for a light, sweet lager beer. This place is literally my GF beer savior. A 6 pack cost me 17 bucks today, but totally worth it for the variety. I noticed a new Michelob Ultra cider so I tried it, but it tasted artificial. Won't be buying that one again!Everything you need to eat and drink just down the street. 
Sandwich service is spot-on. Great selection, good quality meats and cheeses, good weekly specials ($4!), and a careful, attentive sandwich artist (this dude puts Subway's to shame). Soups are pretty decent too and you get a bag of chips with each non-breakfast sandwich. Not bad at all. 
The beer selection is excellent (not the best, but overall quite good) and prices are the most reasonable in Center City, which isn't saying much but it's better than getting ripped-off at the Corner Foodery. Also of note: all the beers have their prices clearly labeled! The fact that this is unusual in Center City speaks to the shadiness of the other beer sellers, but is again a big plus in Monde Market's favor. 
A bit more friendliness in the service might be ideal, but everything else is so good I'm not going to complain if I don't have a faux-friendly conversation with the cashier every time. 
Note: They stop making sandwiches around 10:30 PM, so get your order in by then.This is a great place to stop for beer and some snacks if you're in the city and need something to-go. The prices are a little high, but I'm also from NJ so all of PA's beer prices seem a bit crazy to me. :) 
The selection of craft beers is pretty great if you want to create your own pack, and they have a decent selection of all of the standard choices as well. Folks running the place generally seem friendly.stopped by after work to grab some beers...still trying to get accustomed to philly liquor laws.
anyways, it was between this spot or another. the other had reviews saying that it was really pricey, so i made the effort of walking a little further to try this place.
nye and surprisingly they weren't too crowded around 4pm. they were busy but it wasn't overwhelming...now their beer selection was borderline overwhelming. this isn't a terrible thing i suppose...having options is good. i grabbed a couple beers, lagunitas and longboard for my nye celebration. i thought their prices were ok, for philly i guess and the guy ringing me up was nice. 
lagunitas = $2.49-$2.69
longboard = $2.49
they have six packs, twelve packs, singles and various sizes. i also like that there is no minimum to use your card. 
cheers! happy new year folks!Great veggie wrap and egg breakfast sandwich. I was pleasantly surprised because my sandwiches both came with chips! Nice! The veggies on the veggie wrap were delicious and fresh. I ordered delivery and I really appreciated when the store called me to tell me they were out of hoagie rolls for my veggie hoagie (it was pretty late in the evening), they offered a wrap instead and I really enjoyed that.