Wonderful pastries at an incredibly affordable price! I had a sesame ball and tried a bit of my friends coconut cream pastry. It was excellent. I will definitely order some coconut cream pastries next time. I also ordered a tropical bubble tea and it was way too sweet for my liking. This place is cash only so be prepared. It's not the cleanest place in Chinatown but it certainly isn't the dirtiest. That counts for something, right?TIP: CASH ONLY! 
It's late in the evening, past dinnertime, and most dessert/bakery shops are closed in Chinatown. So we checked Yelp and Mong Kok was the only one open so we decided to give it a try. 
Unfortunately, there weren't a lot of great options left when we got there. Their selection, or lack thereof, is mediocre at best. We got the triangle cake (spongy cake) for $1 which is a pretty cheap deal. My friend got the shumai and curry chicken bun. The shumai was super cold as if it was sitting out all day in the open air (which it probably did) and they didn't even offer to heat it up. But the guy behind the counter was polite and patient with our indecisiveness. So that was a plus. It's a possibility that we just came so late. Maybe if I come at an earlier time there would be better options and I would have a more pleasant experience? I'll give it another try some other time! In the meantime, it's a perfect for those late night cravings and the prices were a steal!Shiny and new, the buns here are a glistening assortment of the regular sort that you'd expect... you can also get ice cream bars from a freezer up front and drinks, and if you can read Chinese, a few meals are offered, too.
Plenty of seating, relatively clean and bright looking.
Bubble tea... was less sweet than the Asia Bakery down the street, but the bubbles weren't as good. Huh. Will have to try elsewhere for that elusive combination.Just had boba tea there and it was just ok. I've definitely had better. Much better. But most places were closed or shut down in the area and we were tired of walking around looking for a place to get some boba.
Pricing - cheap.I think bubble tea here is a bit better than what I've tasted in other places in Chinatown but still not a mindblower. I like the passion fruit slush also... don't forget to bring cash! (I say this because I never have cash on me...)Absolute disappointment. Not at all what I was expecting. Dingy interior and poor service.Standard Chinese bakery. Standard selection of various pastries at standardly low prices (most pastries are under $1).
I am, however, a fan of their bubble tea. You can add bubbles to most things on their drinks menu for an extra 50 cents. Their smoothies use fresh fruit - nice for a summer day. Their bubbles are at the right levels of chewiness and softness. They recently switched to using colored bubbles (which doesn't offer any difference in taste, but makes your bubble tea pretty (= ). 
Try: Red Bean smoothie, taro milk teaWalked in here accidentally thinking it was one of the other sweet shops with a 5 star rating.  The worst service I have ever seen in chinatown... and there are some places with BAD customer service! We walked in, were ignored for the first 10 minutes while whoever was behind the counter was finishing making whatever sweet they were working on.  We were the only people in here, and it makes sense now.  After my friend tried to get her attention 3 times, and was ignored, I pretty much had to keep her from making a scene.  Reluctantly, we still got a few things because we really wanted to see what all the fuss was about... and well, it was obvious after my first bite into my apple crisp and her cookie that there was no way possible we had gone to the right place.  So in other words, even if you are desperate, don't go here...Before I moved to Philadelphia I made very frequent visits to my friends who lived in the city. The bus terminal is in the cusp of Chinatown so if I had some time to kill I'd wander around. I moved here and got a job that happens to also be very close to Chinatown (Hoorah!) meaning my visits would be a lot more frequent. 
The thing that sets this bakery apart from any others I have encountered in Chinatown?  Two words: Tuna Bun.
I don't know why I even felt the need to try the tuna bun, but I am glad I did. The sparse chocolate sprinkles covering the bun threw me off a bit at first, so do not be scared. They also have an assortment of other typical Asian pastries and cakes. They have some interesting ones and you are sure to find something interesting to tide your appetite over or be an eighty cent alternative to lunch. I am also a fan of their pineapple konjac jelly smoothie which I frequently pair with the tuna bun.They are probably better known for their bubble tea however. I personally am not a fan of the bubble tea due to some childhood trauma involving tapioca. One time my mother had me try tapioca pudding and I threw it up because the consistency freaked me out so much.  The same thing happened with root beer (root beer bubble tea may actually be the most vile drink on the planet if some cruel genius ever invents it). 
Also, they have free wifi with a password you can find on their Foursquare page under "tips".
The only tip I would give to anyone would be to SPEAK UP! I am a pretty quiet person when interacting with baristas, cashiers, and pretty much everyone I don't know very well.they have to-go dim sum here in the back, which is good, but not incredible. definitely very greasy, but its quick!
the bread here is good. i like the pineapple raisin bun. and the taro bun! be warned that you sort of have to shove at the store otherwise, chinese ladies trample over you! maybe shove is not the word, but you have to be more assertive/aggressive than usual.The bread here is really cheap.....only about 80 cents for one bread. I tried the coconut cream bread, and it was pretty good: sweet with a slightly minty taste. I wanted to buy lots of different breads (it was my first time in a Chinese bakery) but alas, I had no cash....;_; (They don't accept credit cards, sigh...)
The boba tea (I tried my friend's) was very thin though, and tasted a bit powdery.First time I visited: 
1. Found mold on my sponge cake
2. Had bubble tea that tasted like tapioca in a solution of coffee and tea
My entire family had stomach aches after trying their boba.
Never again.Mongkok is my favorite bakery in Philly's Chinatown. It's a simple Chinatown's bakery, nothing fancy. That's why I gave 0 to both decor and service. They serve mainly pastries and some dim sum stuff like sticky pork rice or sie mai (excuse my incorrect spelling). These things are cheap and taste really good. Most of their buns cost less than a dollar. My most favorite buns are custard bun and curry buns. Then my most favorite dim sums to eat there are sie mai, sticky pork rice, and other dim sum stuff. These only cost about 2 dollars each. If you're in the area and looking to spend cheap then this is the perfect place!This place sucked, poor rude service.  Food average.  Stay away, I know I won't be back.lucky i m not suing them for food poisoning. i wanted to pick up some pastries but all other bakeries were closed at that time of the night so i checked out Mong Kok. after i gave the bun to my bf to take a bite, i saw mold on the pastry. the pastry must have been a week old and the other 3 pastries i purchased were inedible as well. this place shouldnt be in business if they put customers health at risk for a dollar.None of the other bubble tea places, except for Tea Talk (which I've had and meh...), so we settled here.
Got the black milk bubble tea - there is somewhat of a decent tea taste, but it is overpowered by what seems like condensed milk, making it thick and overly rich and creamy.  Yikes.  Not the most refreshing of drinks.  The tapioca is smaller than usual and seems overcooked.
Probably would not choose to come back here for any drinks.  Maybe I'll give the pastries a try next time I'm back in town.I ate some steamed rice noodles with beef there. The beef tasted sour as if either the person who seasoned the beef does not understand the basic idea of not seasoning beef (because you don't season beef in rice noodles with beef) or the meat was real bad.
It was real cheap though, which would be great in case I needed a stomach pump later because I'm not sure my insurance covers that.The girl behind the counter didnt understand "jackfruit" in Cantonese, and gave me a blank stare.  So I ordered Jack Fruit Smoothie in English. Somehow I ended up with a passion fruit smoothie that's overly sweet, and definitely not from fresh fruit. She scooped the syrup/jelly concentrate from the tub, ice, and blended it.  Maybe I would've liked the real jack fruit smoothie, but even then, not sure if it would be fresh or from a can.
Looking at the swiss rolls selection, about half of the rolls were shriveled up or had deep cracks on the top that's evident from being past their prime.  The red bean and peanut snowball (aka mochi) looked decently fresh and plump for only 80cents.I think their pastries are the best in China Town wish they would take credit cards.
Maybe set a minimum? 
I go out of my way to come here if I'm around. Fairly priced and fresh.  
A little on the slow side with service. But I'm thinking its a small family owned bake shop.This is a place you want to like, with friendly servers who greet you with a smile. I came in with my boyfriend trying to kill time before our train left. I wanted an Ovaltine; it was well prepared, as only Chinatown Ovaltines can but darnit...what's with the lack of hygiene in the place? There was garbage strewn all over the flow, and overflowing the garbage pails. And the dirty smudge marks all over the glass. Eeeya,  can someone give the staff some pointers on sanitation?Staffed by a friendly man named Sam, Mong Kok has the cheapest black tea pearl milk tea in Chinatown ($2). If you get other type of pearl milk tea, it is $3, I believe (not so cheap). They also have a selection of Chinese and Western pastries to go with the tea. The decor is kind of funky and '70s inspired.  It's also the place to go when you have a late night craving, as its open until 10 p.m., which is pretty much the latest of all the teahouses. For the laptop lovers out there, Mong Kok has one outlet.By far the best mochi I've had in my life, both peanut and red bean. 
p.s. cash onlyThis place is completely awesome and let me tell you why. First, they have wireless. I can sit in a corner, get some work done, and no one judges me for it. Second, the food is delish. I had a pork bun, shrimp dumplings, and a steaming cup of milky tea and all hit the spot. Third, that meal put me back $3.85. It's so cheap I have no idea how these folks stay in business. And finally: the staff are nice! You don't go into any Chinese establishment expecting decent customer service. And yet at Mong Kok I experienced nothing but bright smiley faces and helpful service. I was very much taken aback -- in a good way. Totally happy at this place, will totally return.This is my favorite bakery store. I often come to this palce to buy a lot of bread for my family. If u buy 12 bread, they will give u 2 free bread. However, I do not recommand their cake. It is a little bit "Dry", which does not taste good.My boyfriend and I stopped by super quickly to pick up an egg custard tart because he was craving one.  From my description of Chinatown (that it was nothing even close to the San Francisco Chinatown that we grew up with), he really wasn't expecting to be impressed by the egg custard tart at all.
However, he claims that it was one of the best ones he has ever tasted (and he's had a lot!).  The custard was light and sweet, and the crust was perfectly flaky (mmm...lard!).  For 80 cents, he was extremely satisfied.
The one singular egg custard tart raised our hopes that there can be more to the small Philly Chinatown than meets the eye.This place has great dimsum. I love the Shumai, Beancurd Skin dimsum and the dumpling. Not a great selection but cheap for $ 2 each basket. The cakes are good too. For folks who complained about no credit card payment, are you guys serious about paying $ 0.80 bread with a swipe of an Amex card ? Oh please, unless you understand how much is the cost to run the credit cards for the businesses then you need to appreciate the prices and stop complaining.After the initial giggling fit that came from reading the name of this establishment, I asked my girlfriend if she wanted to check it out. And after she rolled her eyes at my immaturity, she said yes. We walked out with a couple of different buns (I can't remember what now, but they weren't the dessert variety) and it only set us back... $1.40? $1.60? Something like that. Was it mind blowingly delicious? Hardly. But when food is that cheap, and it's different from the standard fare of the McDonald's Dollar Menu, I most certainly am a fan.
The place is full of older Asian gentlemen who speak in hushed tones, and stare at you while you order. Or they could have just been very pervy and were checking out the girlfriend's booty, who knows; I was too busy counting change (cash only, obviously). The people are very friendly, unlike the lady right outside hocking her homegrown plants. I saw that they had Thai tea and I was very excited. Until I tried it. Their Thai tea (and this is true of their bubble teas as well) are very watered down and not enjoyable by any means. Their curry chicken, and tuna buns make up for it though.
My passing thought as I walked out of there while chowing down on the delightfully greasy bun filled with cheaply made unhealthy goodness was, "Do those firefighters close by have a hard time staying in shape because their station is in Chinatown?"This place is not bad especially if you want cheap large not necesarily super good quality desserts. everything is about 1.50$ or less so and it's one of the BIGGER bakeries here in Philly chinatown. If you're gonna buy lots, know that it's buy 12 get 2 free! Side tip for those who like to go  hard or go home.. 
They do their swiss roll cakes alright, almond cookies in the boxes fine and everything else is alright. Def good for pepole who like breads and sweets in bulk and large cheap quantities. The bubble tea here is ok. I recommend the coconut flavor one or taro or original milk tea. The more traditional looking a place is in Chinatown, the more original you want to stick with and don't askf for the WEsternized options b/c they clearly suck at doing that.My review is for dim sum which is pretty decent. You can select different kinds at the back of the store.I always get their curry chicken buns-- they're amazing and only $.90. Their walnut banana cake is fantastic and is more like a very heavy banana bread. They're also only a couple of cents. I'm not a big custard bun fan, so I can't speak for those, but they also have really good ice cream.Awe yiss, Monk Kok Station. I remember having my first triangle cake here! It was an incredible experience. The cheap price as well as the high quality of the food keeps me coming back time after time! One very endearing feature about this bakery is that they have a digital calendar from 2008 and they always have Christmas decorations up. Some people may think that's sad; I however, think its hilarious :D 
This is a pretty cool date-spot as well. I've brought several girls here and we've always had a good time. (If you're like me and won't spend more than five dollars on a girl, than this is an excellent place to take your date!) 
I give this establishment a high rating and highly recommend it!I'm up'ing a star because compared to all other bakeries, they are cheaper, roomier and more extensive in their menu. I think I can say they are my go-to bakery in Philly Chinatown!Visit Date: 08.17.2010
Typical Chinese bakery with egg tarts, cake, bread items (buns), sandwiches, drinks, etc. I had the ham and cheese bun which was okay, as well as a decent egg tart.This was our second stop on our bubble tea crawl through Chinatown this evening and I have to admit that I was pretty disappointed.  I ordered a cold peppermint green tea with pearls.  Green tea is typically a light green with a subtle bitterness.  This drink, though, looked like Nyquil and it clearly had a manufactured peppermint flavor added to it.  I didn't think it was refreshing and I ended up throwing it out after a few sips.  The baked goods in the case looked good, but I was so turned off by the drink that I lost my appetite.  Steer clear of the beverages here and go straight for the desserts.Although I don't drop in here very often, I'm actually a huge fan of this place.
The Portuguese tarts are the only tarts worth ordering. They are much creamier and flavorful from the classic egg tarts, which are more a jelly custard. 
The fresh fruit smoothie drinks are done well in the summer. The watermelon smoothie has enough ice to make it sweet, but not enough to make it disgusting.
On weekends I sometimes drop in for dimsum for 1. Forever alone :( But it's actually pretty good. You just need to know what you're ordering because there are no carts to look. Just peak into the case and point. But it's done well and tastey.I was wondering around the 'hood when I decided to stop off for a bubble tea or somat.  I had already passed my favorite bakery closest to my place and I decided I shouldn't turn back and try something new.  I wish I turned around.  
First off, it took me a while to be served and several Asian people who came in after I did got served before me.  That pisses me off, but I'm kind of used to it living around here.
Secondly, the combination roll I had was just nasty.  I didn't like it at all.
The milky green tea I had was good though and it was cheaper than other bakeries in the neighborhood.Bubble tea is very good, and the dining area is very spacious. I would steer clear of the cakes, as they are not always fresh. You know they have to do something well when all you see is Chinese people sitting around enjoy the goods that they make.Honestly, there is nothing special about this place.  It seems it geared to the young crowd for some reason.  Its has the typical chinese bakery items such as egg tarts, cakes, breads and drinks.  Im not sure what the fascination with this place is but it has business.  Drinks were not that good and bakery items seemed alittle more expensive then others.  
Go to another bakery if you can.  Nothing special here.
Happy Eatings!!Passion Fruit Bubble Tea here is a refreshing treat, and it is fun to look at all the desserts in the case while you wait!  This is pretty typical of places in Chinatown, pretty minimalistic in terms of decor, bright lights, quick and efficient service.  Cash only.This bakery is very convenient since it opens early in the morning and closes late at night. The workers are quick but some does not speak English very well. The pastries that I usually get are delicious and they also sell drinks and icecream as well. This is a great bakery overall and I would come back again.So I'm in Chinatown around 10pm and for some reason I really crave milk tea.  Actually, scratch that.  I crave milk tea just about all of the time.  Too bad Zhong Gang Bakery closes a bit early, so I had to settle for the milk tea here at Mong Kok.
I've had the milk tea here once or twice before, but it was very much forgettable.  If I wasn't lazy from stuffing myself at Jade Harbour, I would have made the effort to walk to Tea Talk to try the tea there again.  
However, this time, Mong Kok's milk tea didn't fail me.  It was surprisingly good, satisfying, and refreshing.  The cup was actually in a sturdy cup (unlike Zhong Gang's flimsy cup) and is a couple cents cheaper than Zhong Gang's (hey... a few cents saved goes a long way!).  And guess what?  Mong Kok is open later than Zhong Gang!  The only downside is that the milk tea was a little bit too sweet for my liking.
Overall, Zhong Gang's milk tea is still the best to me, but Mong Kok's is decent.This is one of the better Chinatown bakery. Most of their pastries are pretty good, but what I really love the most is their Portuguese egg tart. I have not found a place that has good Portuguese tart, but MongKok does well. Their pineapple buns are good, but definitely not as good as the ones from real Hong Kong cafes and bakeries. I don't usually buy their cakes because they tend to be a bit dense and too cakey, but rolls and other pastries are good.  I just wish they take credit cards, because sometimes I buy more than $25 of pastries and find myself not having quite enough cash on hand. Overall, a good bakery.Mong Kok has much to owe to its location on 10th street, and its extremely conspicuous neon orange signage. Smart on their part. This place is also open later than other bakeries It is by this more people come, and therefore more people say "it's the best bakery!" By all accounts, I beg to differ. This place is mediocre at best. 
1. Their selection is decent, and on par with other large bakeries. They have nothing unique, and are missing large almond cookies and mooncakes, but that's fine.
2. Their quality, mediocre. Nothing is really warmed. Some bakeries' pastries are still warmed by their display machines and whatnot, but not Mong Kok's - I pretty much expect Mong Kok's to be meh whenever I go there. 
3. Prices of pastries in Chinatown are pretty much all the same, +/- $0.05.
There are more organized, cleaner, less cramped bakeries in Chinatown with better quality pastries. Just spend 5 minutes to look for another one, and it'll be almost guaranteed to be better than Mong Kok's. However, it's not a terrible bakery by any means. If you're lazy and want something to eat, go for it.
P.S. Cash only! and Free Wi-Fi!A great little Chinese bakery with all the usual favorites but the real delight is the Roast Pork Buns.The baked goods are pretty good (although the sesame/bean balls I got were a little greasy). This place is worth coming to because it has internet/places to sit and reasonable prices. If I could rate service separately, I'd rate it a one. The young woman at the counter was snotty to everyone who came in, and a bunch of the tables weren't bussed and had long been vacated.Your standard Chinese bakery shop. Get your variety of breads and treats here - yes they do have the egg tarts and the sesame balls. Yes, they also have durian cakes. Yes, you can get the standard cream buns or variations on buo luo mian bao. Their bubble tea is decent as well. Good Chinatown prices.Want some authentic Chinese dumplings and pastries? Be careful what you wish for. The servers don't speak much English. I'm Chinese and even I had trouble communicating with them. You know you're in the wrong place when the servers don't know what a Coke is and it's right in their refrigerator! The place is filled with locals who only speak Chinese. Yes, they will poke fun of you if you don't know as much Chinese as them. I took my children there for a weekend lunch and we ordered several dishes: shrimp dumplings, bean curd rolls filled with beef and mushrooms, dried shrimp and scallion rice rolls, and turnip cake. I found a dead bug on my plate of rice rolls. I would've alerted the server to it, but she probably wouldn't understand me. Perhaps the best part of the meal is what they truly do best, the pastries. The pineapple buns are soft and delish and only 80 cents. The ones down the block have custard in them for the same price. The bill was just $12.05 for this substandard food, but it was filling.It is open very late so that is a plus but the drinks here see just meh.  Not horrible but not amazing.  My coconut milk tea was a little watery and some of the cakes in the display looked a bit lopsided.  However, the white chocolate cheesecake was very good, which partially made up for the subpar bubbles.I love that they're open so late. Their drinks are very good, i usually get a thai tea with bubbles. Cakes and cookies are so cheap and very good. My only problem is I've gotten stale cookies or twice, no big deal. I just make sure to take a bite before i leave.Always a reliable late night spot for my friends and I when we have nothing better to do than chow down on pastries and bubble tea. I haven't tried any flavor but the passion fruit. More importantly, I've ordered the passion fruit bubble tea every time I've been there because it is THAT good. The seeds in it might be annoying to drink up, but I kind of like it because it makes it that more evident that it is not just some fake-concentrate-syrup bullshit, but the actual fruit. Dragon fruit are pretty expensive. Hell, all the fruit options he puts in are expensive -- not sure how he can charge so little.
I usually get without the boba because I'm cheap as hell, but when I do bother to ask for boba, it is some of the better boba I've had in Philly. I've tried a good 10 bobas too, so this one definitely stands out in memory.
I enjoy their pastries but not as much as Bread Top House. So go to Bread Top House and get a pastry and then eat it on your walk to Mong Kok for Bubble Tea. I've done this quite a bit :).First time trying their dim sum. The Shumai was okay. Their egg tart is the best I've ever had in Chinatown! Highly recommend it if you like the flaky crust!As other reviewers have stated, Mong Kok Station prices are as generous as it gets. Most of the pastries are $0.80 like the Taro Bun, Red Bean Bun, etc. and some cost a little bit more for a bigger size. In comparison, a lot of the bakeries in the same area have the same size bun for $1.20. Additionally, the bubble tea is $3, and $2.50 without bubbles. 
Overall I like the flavor of the bubble tea that I got, and liked that the red bean and taro bun weren't too sugary. My only comment is that there was not a lot of filling in either of the buns. I would still pick up from here because of the low prices.Got the mint green tea with bubbles (which actually seemed to have a mixture of "bubble" types and beans and was very good), the lotus cake, and the red bean snow ball - all quite good.. interior of the place is pleasant enough to sit, Chinese TV on..For those of you wondering about the name, Mong Kok is a bustling residential/commercial area in Hong Kong and a major stop in the subway system (I think it is even an interchange).
My mom swears that the scale moves two pounds after she eats char sui baos.  But, sometimes my childhood craving call my name and I NEED some Chinese baked goods.  By the time I show up here, the char siu buns are sold out.  But they usually have the steamed version as back up.
The proprietor is cool and I am glad they open relatively late.Thai tea with the bubbles is good!  And they have pork buns. yum!  The place is also brightly lit and very colorful so the atmosphere is good.Mongkok is my favorite place for cheap Dim Sum. It's only $ 2.25 per basket. The Shumai is yummy. And also the Beancurd Skin.
It provides free Wifi. The bubble tea is great. My favorites are those made with real fresh fruits.
One thing that the owner must fix is their restrooms are not clean. They need some renovation and also cleaned frequently.I used to come here often until I found residue shavings of plastic in my mango smoothies... things seemed to have gotten better, but I'd only come here for certain bakery items. They open later than most bakeries, so I don't mind them though they don't offer lower deals on the food before closing like the other places ( I think). I get their roasted pork steamed buns in a bunch. 6 buns for $4.50 isn't too shabby! I like it more than the frozen types. I heard this place serves dim sum throughout the day, but I'm not entirely sure. I plan on returning to this location sometime soon to see if they offer dim sum, because it gets tiresome to wait at crowded restaurants for the dim sum time in the popular places.After my favorite Place to get bubble tea in Chinatown closed down (R.I.P., Serendipity), it took me nearly 2 years to find another one.
I love Mong Kok Station because the tea is affordable, they have much better service than many of the other bakeries in the area, the pastries are pretty basic when it comes to a Chinatown bakery but they look significantly more appetizing than those of their neighbors (I appreciate the fact that they try to tidy up every now and then), and the décor is pretty sweet too.The bubble teas here are fantastic. Love the avocado. Not too sweet and real fruit with the mango and avocado.Great selection of Swiss rolls, except that the expiration dates are not listed. So you don't know how long these cakes have been out there.
One of the ladies behind the counter really need some training in being nice/pleasant to customers. I had requested to  switch a not so fresh looking roll for another that looked fresher, and the lady rolled her eyes and murmured some words in Cantonese - which I  understood btw.Food is pretty good. Prices are more than generous. My family by 12 cakes for roughly $10. They are however cash only but we're willing to break a 50. Environment is decent for conversation but nothing special. Cakes looked pretty good and I'll definitely try to come back and try them.Worst bubble tea experience ever. I waited 15 minutes for a Honeydew Bubble Tea; if you have purchased bubble tea at other establishments before, a bubble tea can be made in under 3 minutes. After waiting, I was hoping to have a good tea. The tea was horrible! It was overly sweet and the tapioca balls were very small. Almost undrinkable.Price point is a great find for this bakery seems to be a wide variety of treats. The creams and textures aren't the most flavorful or best consistency but for the price isn't bad. Overall didn't feel very welcomed but assume it's just the vibe of most the bakeries in the areas, but it kind of seemed like I was intruding to get a few items as I was walking by. If I had the option to go back interested in trying the teas but based on the welcome figured it would be better doing it later in the day or stopping by any of the various tea shops found in either direction. The seating is ample and the tv seems to typically be on but usually tuned into news. Overall would recommend to anyone looking to try a few new items at a fairly lower price point than most the bakeries around but if your looking for something special likely better to go elsewhere.Cheap. Breakfast for 4 (buns and hot drinks) cost less than $7 TOTAL. 
Buns are located behind the glass casing as per usual and looked pretty appealing. They had a good mix between more American styles (ham and egg) versus Asian styles (pork sung, roasted chestnut, etc). Buns are at room temp though unless delivered fresh from the kitchen.
I thought my salted egg custard bun had all the right flavors but because it wasn't hot, it didn't have the desired runniness. My dad and brother both thought the pork in the pork buns were obnoxiously dyed bright apple red, as we are more used to natural dark red/brown colors at home. Mom remarked that at least the bread was fluffy and soft, as it should be.My Mom is from the Mong Kok area. I usually am piqued by any sign for that reason.
Ordered:
Wifey cake
Paper-wrapped sponge
Cocktail bun
Baked BBQ pork bun
Pineapple bun
Nay on the cocktail bun. No can do. The others, however, well done. Bf n I gobbled up the sponge. We think it was perfect. Cha siu...none of that fatty cubes. And perfect ratio of sauce and meat---how I prefer them.This review is strictly for their food, I haven't tried any of their bubble tea or smoothie. I'm a driver so I'm up pretty early, my work usually starts around 4 in the morning and by 6 I'm working up an appetite. Aside from your 7-elevens and Wawas, nothing is really available this early. This is where mong kok station comes in. The bakery is open at 6 and and dim sum is hot and most fresh then. While it may not be the absolute best, it is very cheap and there are so many choices. You have all dim sum items plus all their bakery goods and drinks available in one spot. This morning for example, I had pork siu mai, shrimp rice cake, one roask pork bun and a hot tea with cream and sugar for $6!! I mean, common, that's a like a free meal. If you're up early and you want something different than pancakes and toasts then come here. Parking is really easy to find around this time too, so you really can't lose.Feeling under the weather, my friend suggested Mong Kok for some simple congee. It was exactly what I needed. Not salty, with a reasonable amount of meat and rice. For the size, it was incredibly cheap. I also tried the sesame buns and it was OK. Not oily like some that I have tried. The milk tea was great as well.
If you are looking for comfort food for  cheap price, this is your place.Okay Mong Kok Station I was enlightened by my green tea cookie experience.
A small bakery with a sit in area to eat your baked goods. The bakery sells assorted baked goods like egg tarts, croissants and bubble tea.
I tried the green tea cookie, at first I didn't think I liked it cause it wasn't a sweet and sugary taste so I just put it away. The next day I tried it again and my pallet actually liked it. The green tea filling was a little dense but flavorful and the outside was like a buttery, flaky crust texture.
Prices our super cheap, my friend intended to get a slice of cake and ended up with a whole cake for 4.00! Definitely a place to sample different desserts without breaking the bank!Excited to check out this Chinese bakery while visiting Philly one weekend. Their prices were really good - only 80 cents for breads. I tried the sticky rice in bamboo leaves (like the ones at dim sum), egg tart, and salted egg yolk with lotus paste pastry. The sticky rice was pretty good and only $2.50, you can order them to go or they reheat it if you eat in. The egg tart had a nice flaky crust with custardy filling, not the more gelatin texture of some egg tarts. The salted egg yolk with lotus paste with the flaky pastry shell were just moist enough. I also saw a similar pastry with thousand year egg which I had never seen before. 
Service - The staff was really nice, my friend had hurt her foot and they filled a bag of ice for her and let us sit there for a long time.This bakery is unlike any of the bakeries in Chinatown. From the variety of pastries to the $3.50 rice platters, it is nice to finally see some diversity in the kinds of buns. The dim sum that they have is incredible, and much cheaper then if you were to purchase it at a resturant. 
Although their English is not superb, most of them speak enough to understand your order and make what you want.
The smoothies are not made from powder, unlike most places, they use fresh fruit. 
I definately enjoyed the food I got there and will be going there very often.Cute little station. We came to take pics wih the Friendship Gate but had to look for shelter from the blistering cold.
Came in and it's a small place. The ladies working behind the counter were very nice. We tried some sesame balls and siumai. It was both good. We also tried some bubble tea and it was pretty good as well ... but nothing shang ri la about it. I did ask for water and the lady put some ice on the glass ... i said 'no ice' ... i just want hot water actually  ... so instead of dumping the ice and getting the hot water, she just poured hot water over the ice ...haha? anyways, it was all good.We were in the midst of a Chinatown holiday extravaganza; haircuts, bubble tea, dinner and then dessert when we stumbled into Mong Kok Station. This is a strange and fascinating place. When we sat down, and I checked in with Yelp, I was relieved to see my man Gerald S. had been here. Gerald S. gives excellent reviews and information on Yelp by the way.
Mong Kok Station has a lot going on for a small café. They have a bakery, a kitchen area, a Dim Sum area, Coffee, Tea and an Ice Cream area. There are some tables for seating and the place was pretty full. There seemed to be part of the owner's familly sitting in the back having their dinner watching some sort of Cantonese novella on the TV. There was an older white guy having a very loud conversation on his cell phone. The staff was going back and forth to the microwave heating up some sort of soup. Patrons were surveying the Dim Sum. One customer was dining on Chicken Feet and soup.  It was fascinating and a bit surreal.
We opted for the sweets and this place is cheap, dirt cheap with a capital C. I had their coffee cake and a decent sized slice set me back $1.50. This was actually very good with a butter cream chiffon icing and a nice sponge cake. It was not too sweet but sweet enough.  My wife had the triangle cake that was $1.00 a slice. We had hot tea also and our total bill was a whopping $3.75! We both looked at each other in disbelief.
Service at Mong Kok Station was relaxed and people were definitely hanging out reading the paper and chatting. I just liked taking it all in and I also like cheap! 
Cash only but you don't need much.
3.5 stars.Mong Kok is a fun Chinese bakery offering really cheap pastries and buns. You can get egg tarts, pork buns, sweet doughnut-like pastries, and more, all for about $1 each. They only accept cash, so make sure you bring some (but you won't need a lot!). Whether you visit for just a post-lunch sweet treat, a late afternoon snack, or an entire feast of baked goods, you'll love the delicious food and the great value!My friends and I came to Chinatown on a Sunday night hoping to get some dinner and started craving some pastries. Everywhere else was closed but we stumbled into Mong Kok. There weren't that many options left to order from, but everything that was left still looked good. I ended up getting the curry chicken bun, the triangle cake, and an order of the shumai that was left. I asked for the curry chicken bun to be warmed since it looked like it was sitting in the display window all day. The bun was okay. I felt like there wasn't a lot of filling to it, and it wasn't as flavorful as I was hoping for it to be. The curry was very light, and there was not much chicken in the bun. The triangle cake was good! It's a vanilla sponge cake thinly layered with some cream. So incredibly fluffy! And for the price ($1), you have to try it. The shumai was a disappointment. Granted it's dim sum from a bakery so I can't really expect much, but the shumai was not warm at all. All in all, for everything I bought, I only paid about $4. A total steal! Overall, Mong Kok is a nice grab and go bakery in Chinatown. It doesn't have the best pastries, but it's good for its price.This place is a steal. I got 5 pastries for $4.20. I love the egg tart, because it was flaky and not so sweet ( just the way I like it). I love the peanut Mochi ball, which had a lot of filling. I got the bbq pork and taro bun, but it was mediocre.i wouldn't recommending, because it was mostly bread. But I'll come back for the egg tart for sure,  next time I'm in town:)Great coffee and desserts for a few bucks perfect place after a meal to relax drink some coffee with friends.Doesn't accept cards. BOOOOOO. 
There is an ATM though. 
It's kind of stuffy in the store and not particularly welcoming. Another huge issue, the sign isn't in English so you just order and PRICE-IS-RIGHT guess the price.
Oh, the bathroom was a tire fire. Disgusting. 
Minus stars for those things. 
The treats are delicious though. And, the milk coffee tastes like what you'd expect if you were actually in Asia. Love authenticity!Such a disappointment.,
Egg Tart: 4/5.  Not too sweet, which is what it is supposed to be.  They don't keep them warm.  It's only good when it's warm!
Portuguese Tart: 3/5.  It's just like egg tart with a bit more sugar.  No, that's not how it is!
Durian Tart: 0/5.  A V O I D ! ! !  It's like sand paper with fake durian paste.
Melon Cake: N/A . I was so looking forward to it, so I ordered it, but they didn't put it in the bag!   UGH!!!!!!  
Melon cake!  Melon cake!  I want my melon cake!  ~》_《~
I would only be back for the Melon Cake IF AND ONLY IF I happen to be in the area.Having consumed the amount of bread that I have this weekend...you'd assume I was a duck...( *_*)
Chinese bakery...full of soft baked buns and light cake rolls...  There are about twenty different types of Asian buns... that can be served as breakfast/lunch/dinner so if your hunger and your in the mood for something easy and convent I suggested coming here to get a quick bite... I got four buns and a lemon cake roll all that cost less then ten bucks... I did get a honeydew smoothie with bubbles once..that was a huge mistake... tasted horrible...but the buns were affordable and quite tasty...so go give it a try!A friend (who has never been to Asia) recommenced this bakery so I didn't have high hopes but figured we would try it out. We only got two Portuguese tarts. Walked outside to eat them and turned right around and bought several more. And ate them up quickly. An egg tart is one way we test a bakery and this was perfection. Yes, it was warm and fresh and that makes a huge difference. The upside here? Best tart since Hong Kong! Downside? Service. The girl waiting on us acted like we were bothering her. But when my husband ran back in to get more tarts she was friendly. Could be because this white guy talked to her in Chinese? Very possibly. Will go back to try other items but will keep an eye on the service.