I am not an indian food type of person but this place lives up to the hype. When you go, just let Hassan make something for you, don't try and overwhelm yourself with the different options. Make sure to get a chaat and a lassi as the two really complement one another.Amazing place for lassi and chaat. The chaat is elegantly presented and tastes like traditional Karachi chaat. However, the chaat isn't as nearly as good as the lassi. It is soft and creamy and sweetened beautifully. Will be coming back for sure next time I'm in the area.A must go-to place if you're in University City. This place's chaat and lassi are to die for. It tastes fresh and refreshing, and will fill you up. My recommendation for chaat: go for the mild, even if you like really spicy food. It's not because it's super spicy (it still has a kick though) but because the balance of flavors is better with the mild chaat. The spicy chaat, the spiciness overpowers the rest of the goodies and it gets a bit too saucy for me. As for lassis, I've had the mango, rose, and mint - all I would recommend.First word! Amazing... The owner 'Hasan' is an artist. My husband had a bad cold but wanted to try cafe's lassi... Hasan made sure my husband not only enjoys the Lassi but also catered his sore throat with a medicinal combination. It tasted amazing.
I wanted a spicy Chaat... Its been ages I had such a perfect chaat... Spice, taste and innovation all came together. Must say, have never had such a chaat even in India. 
I wish we had one in Milwaukee. We will make more trips to Philli again to eat in ur cafe, Hasan Saab! :)One of the best meals I've had in recent memory--I can't wait to go back!I've been to Desi Chaat a lot and wanted to try another place, so I went down the street to Mood Cafe.  There is one guy behind the counter who spent a while asking me what sorts of food I liked and what spice I can handle.  I asked him to explain all of the ingredients and he went through them one by one.  It was very informative and interesting, and I appreciated his excitement and knowledge about the different flavors and combinations.
We eventually decided on the crazy chaat, a blend of a lot of chaats.  I say "we" decided because he took my feedback - and perhaps my mood - into account.  I would venture to say the chaat was life-changing, but I'm also a huge fan of Indian food and chaat so count that as my bias.  In any event, because of the good vibes of this place and the ridiculously delicious food, I will surely be back.I used to live right next to Desi Chaat House and pretty much went there just for the grab-and-go mango lassi. If you're in the area, Mood Cafe is definitely the better out of the two. Depending on how busy they are, they will walk you through what exactly each chaat is (and what chaat is if you've never had it), and will make recommendations for whether you are craving something spicy, savory, sweet, etc. I've stuck to the lamb and beef chaats, but all of them are pretty tasty. Customer service definitely prevails on this one.I stopped by this place for an after school snack and am going to make it a weekly installment.  The owner was extremely helpful and welcoming and could tell that I didn't have any chaat experience, so he gave me a crash course.  We decided he would make me what he deemed to be a good chaat for "beginners" and he made me one of the best things I've ever eaten!  The flavors were so unique and balanced and went so well together!  The mango lassi was also delicious.  Definitely come here and try the chaat, even if you are new to it.  This place couldn't be friendlier!Just so you know, I now eat a chicken chaat from Mood Cafe at least once a week. They are so amazing and unlike anything I have ever experienced before. I would attempt to describe a chaat as "Indian Nachos". It is crispy chips, chick peas and potatoes topped with fruit, nuts, sauces, fresh herbs and chicken. The flavor is ADDICTING! :) The samosas and lassis are also fantastic. Thank you Mood Cafe for introducing me to my new favorite food!Best Lassi I've had in Philly. The owner is super nice. The chaat is perfect. I've lived here for years and this is one of Cedar Park's best.Wow ! Surprising combinations of delicious flavors. Ordered the Punjabi after being told "there's really no way to describe it", but it was amazing !
The guy working seemed like he was doing a great job, but that he needed more support for how busy it was. Hope he gets it !Awesome service and really great food. Split a samosa chat and bhel puri chat with a friend, on Hassan's recommendation. Both were great and tasted surprisingly different. 
I went in around 5 PM on a Saturday, so there was no crowd. Definitely going to be coming back again, no question.Well, honestly if I could give zero star than I would; because it is extremely Americanized not close to being Indian. The items on the menu are a complete creation of the owner.  For example, There is nothing like salad chat or a tandoori tikka chat in india. So if you are looking to eat real Indian chat, than I would not go there. I don't know how the place got all the positive reviews, maybe some free food for reviews, who knows. But this review is coming from an Indian who loves Indian food and has explored many Indian restaurant serving Chat across the country. I know it's a bit harsh, but the goal is to give  honest review of the food, without being rude. I hope it helps!!Love Mood Cafe! The owner is very knowledgeable and is willing to take the time to make sure you get the best chaat. One of my favorite places to get Indian food in the city.
Plus if you ask for mint in your drink, he picks it fresh from the bush! What could be better than that?Hassan is definitely one of the most deserving businessowners I have ever encountered, and I'm extremely proud to keep going back to support Mood Cafe whenever I'm in the area or want to bring a friend to try out someplace they've probably haven't ventured to. 
I stop by probably at least once a month when business brings me to the West Philly (as in, past 44th street) area, and each time Hassan is extremely friendly and willing to explain new things. He even gives large samples of his famous lassis, and I think the first time I came here he gave mine to me free! Definitely made me come back again and again. By now, I just end up getting the mango lassi because it's one of my favorite drinks (not too sugarly, but sweet enough to satisfy me and cold enough to refresh me). I usually bring a gluten free chaat back for my boyfriend, and while I'm not a big fan of chaat in general because of its spices I do enjoy nibbling a few bites off his plate, since all the ingredients are crispy and fresh. The only reason this didn't get 5 stars is that it's slow sometimes to get your order when there's a line, because there is only one employee and he painstakingly makes each order by hand (and with a smile!), so it sometimes gets me a bit impatient..but I would not compromise the fantastic service for all the quickness in the world, because that's what makes this place so great!Mood Cafe could be the bench mark for quality service in the food industry. Never before have I been greeted so warmly and had so much time spent in finding the perfect meal for everyone in our party. This alone is worthy of the rating, and yet the food is equally amazing. 
Hands down the best lassi's I've ever had, and the chaat was so uplifting and thoughtful. Mood Cafe goes above and beyond every expectation a person could have.***Just Another 5 Star Review...***
There is a reason this place gets five-star after five-star review. 
The chaats are priced similar to the ever popular Chipotle burrito bowls, but the comparisons end there. 
The menu can be overwhelming, especially if you don't even know what chaats are when you walk in. Just let the owner, Hasan, know it's your first time. He'll work with you to create a "simple" chaat for your liking.
"Simple" only being a relative term. I'm not sure I ever had a meal with so many flavors. And not only that, but they all worked together so well. If it was as simple as warming up some chicken and randomly throwing in a handful of a bunch of spices, Philly would be full of 5 star restaurants. Mood cafe has chaats down to a dime. It's quick, relatively healthy and filling too. 5 stars as far as I'm concerned. 
Hasan will also refuse to take your money unless you are satisfied with your meal. He's well aware of the success of the business, as he showed me his five-star Yelp average on his phone. I don't blame him...after all, its rare for a place with this many reviews to consistently get so many top reviews. And as recent reviews show, Mood Cafe isn't coasting on its Yelp fame by lowering quality. Its a tragedy there isn't a second Mood Cafe in NY, but then again, another location might not be able to retain Mood Cafe's magic (I'm convinced the NY Han Dynasty dandan was subpar compared to Philly locations). I guess I'll have to return when I'm in Philly. Until then, keep up serving delicious chaats, Mood Cafe!
FINAL VERDICT: Definitely worth checking out for the chaats.I was lured to Mood Cafe by all of the positive reviews, and it has since become one of my favorite spots in the city to grab lunch, and I always stop there when I go to West Philly. 
There are so many flavors going on in this chaat, many of them I'm not accustomed to together. Looking at it, you're wondering how it can all come together, but it somehow does, and does extremely well.
As other reviewers have mentioned, the owner is really friendly, will happily cater to your tastes, explain what's what, and walk you through the menu. It shows that he is passionate about what he's doing, and enjoys exposing people to new tastes. However, the last time we were there he had mentioned that he would probably be working out of a new restaurant that he opened, so I can't speak for the new guys.Fantastic selection of Lassi flavors, and if you try one you don't like he will make you a new one for free.  
Equally high quality selection of Chaat.  Never been disappointed and visit once a month at least.  
Super casual take out place.  Only a few seats.  Not a place to bring people to sit down.
Must try place for smoothie and chaat loversSamosa chaat is excellent. I got it wild (extra spicy) and it didn't disappoint. 
Staff is friendly and courteous. Highly recommend if you're in West Philly or visiting.Let me first start by saying this is my first ever Yelp review and I am only writing this because: THIS.PLACE.IS.AWESOME.
The food is fresh, unique combinations, and you can tell its made with love. The owner is very welcoming and is willing to accommodate specific tastes. If you are in the area, or not, definitely make it a point to try this place. 100% recommended!Not your regular naan and curry. If you want to try something different, something a little lighter, definitely go to Mood Cafe.
Mood Cafe serves up a variety of chaats (snacks), which are essentially crispy flakes mixed with dates, different spices / sauces, meats (optional), beans, potatoes etc. I asked the owner for recommendations, and he recommended me the chicken salad chaat (medium spicy). You cannot go wrong with that! It's a burst of flavor in your mouth and feels healthy at the same time. I wanted to order mild (because though I like spice, I can't take the heat), but I am glad I went with his recommendation for the medium spice. It was perfect (not too spicy at all)
The lassi selection here is probably the most extensive I've seen. I ordered a mango and also tried some of my friend's honeydew. They were both delicious!
The space is really small with only a few seats, so it's better as a take out spot. What brings this place to 5 stars is really that the owner is so friendly! It was a great experience.Came here on a Friday night right before close. These guys have a ton of opinions between the Lassis and the chaats. It does get a little overwhelming to say the least but in a good way. Had a mango lassi which was good. Chaat wise had the crazy, papri and chicken tikka. All were good, the chicken tikka was probably the one in there that I raise the most questions about. But good stuff overall will def be back.A fabulous place to grab an eclectic snack while strolling down Baltimore Ave . . the fresh-squeezed juices taste like they were spiked with happiness :)My roommates and I just moved to the city and are so happy we found this spot. Known as traditional Pakistan street fare, Mood cafe serves over 60 different flavors of lassi (a milk and yogurt based drink) and chaat. 
Hasan is the super friendly owner who held our hands through the entire ordering process. He's definitely made life long customers out of us. One roommate in particular was skeptical but is leaving the happiest of all. My roommates both got the chicken tikka. I got the lamb chaat on a salad. It's the perfect combination of spicy, sweet, savory, salty, crunchy, and creamy. You must get a lassi to complete the meal. I had mango, and my roommates had blueberry mint and piña colada. 
It really is a special place. You won't leave disappointed.Hole-in-the wall lovers who prefer specialized foods, this is the place for you.  Mood Cafe only offers lassis and chaat, but are darn good at the two things they offer. I had never tried chaat before but loved the combination of flavors, colors, and items in my mysterious dish. The lassi sizes are generous, and not that sweet. The owner was also super friendly which was a nice cherry on top.
Chaats at $8 and Lassis at $4 are not cheap, but the place is definitely good at what they do. What a place to treat myself once in a while!I've been visiting Mood cafe for a while now. I only tell Mr. Hassan that I want lassie or chaat; he takes care of the rest. I don't even choose because I trust his choices. Right now I'm having a lassie made with mango, banana, strawberry and pineapple. If you forgot to eat your fruits any day, just go for this lassie.This place has really gone down hill.
I always order the same thing - the vegetable samosa chaat - and the last few times it's been a different assortment of ingredients. Today my partner picks up my order and it's in a weird salad container. It was 90% chickpeas, a soggy, in edible mess literally SWIMMING in sauce. Never again.I have been here twice since it has opened. First of all, great signage. It is extremely clear what your options are: Lassi, fresh fruit juice, shaved ice, milk shakes, and ice cream amongst other options. There are a few interesting flavors that I have yet to try, including the salt lassi (buttermilk) and sandalwood. 
The owner is extremely nice. He takes time to talk to customers about what goes into each item that is ordered. He's also plied us with a few generous samples of milkshakes, lassi, and ice cream. 
I have had a strawberry and mango milkshake so far and have sampled lassi ordered by a few of my friends. Everything was tasty. You know when a milkshake is good and everything is where it needed to be. We also sampled the fresh watermelon juice. It was like drinking a watermelon. 
FYI, the shakes are lighter than the lassi, so if you want something on the lighter side go with one of those. 
It is really nice to see a shop akin to an ice cream parlor in West Philly, especially one as unique as Mood Cafe. Go order something!I leave very close to Mood and it is one of my favorite places in West Philly. The Salad Chaat is my fave and it's even better when you add chicken. The rice pudding they keep in the fridges opposite of the counter is killer.The owner is super friendly, encourages you to try different things without giving off any sales pressure, the food is delicious, the mint and honey lassi is delicious! I have already planned what I'm going to eat on my next 2 visits! Don't forget about dessert, either! He gave us a sample of the carrot halwa with rice pudding and it was to die for! We left very full and incredibly satisfied.I stopped by there today with my boyfriend before he had to go to work. I've lived in West Philly for almost a year now, this was my first time coming in to order. I had heard great things about the Mood, and even had a friend bring some food home for me to try and I loved it.
The man behind the counter was very nice and acknowledged it was our first time there and explained what chaat was, how it was made and how he could make it for us. He said if we didn't like it, we didn't have to pay. I wish I had enough $$ to give him a great big tip! It was DELICIOUS! Mine, and my boyfriend's plate too;D Cashews and yogurt and fruit and veggies and grains and beans and crunchy things and ever so perfectly spicy!
I want to make the Mood Cafe a regular take-out and eat-in for me. So impressed!I was walking by Mood Cafe about a week ago and had my first Lassi (strawberry) and I was not disappointed. Very delicious! My friend actually saw the owner hanging outside and they insisted I tried one! I loved this place. The owner was friendly and the place had excellent customer service. I would definitely go back. PS I was actually on a date at this time, I highly suggest a detour to this place if you are out on a walk in the area on these summer days!!It is hard to believe that I ate at the same place that got all of these rave reviews.  I ordered the chicken tikka, which consisted of some microwaved morsels of chicken and rice, accompanied by a large quantity of yogurt.  The yogurt was cold and partially frozen.  I love frozen yogurt, the type that is supposed to be a substitute for ice cream, but this is not what we were dealing with here.  The dining area was clean but sterile, without decor or other touches that could have made it a comfortable place to hang out.  
But the big problem was that the food was simply disgusting.  I don't like paying at a dining establishment for chicken that has been reheated in the microwave.  And when you reheat chicken that has already been cut into small pieces, it quickly gets rubbery. Add the icy yogurt, and you get one big EWWWWWWW.  The best part of the meal was that the worker behind the counter gladly provided me with a large tap water on ice, at no charge.  I have noticed a trend, at other low end places, of refusing to provide tap water, charging for it, or giving it in an exceptionally small cup.  But when ice water is the best part of your meal, you know a place has problems.Definitely the best Indian I've had in Philly so far, and ranks up in the top Indian places I've been to. Would definitely recommend!Hassan always surprises and delights! The other day he had some free time and asked my friend and me what ice cream flavors we liked - and made us banana caramel ice cream shakes on the house!After reading so many positive reviews on Yelp, I just had to check this place out.
Upon walking in, I could tell that Mood Cafe was unique. The man behind the counter just about welcomed us with open arms, asking us if we'd been there before, if we knew what chaat was, etc.
My friends and I looked at each other, then placed our orders of chaat and lassi. What is chaat? To this day, I still have no idea. It's a colorful mixture of spicy meat, vegetables, crispy pieces, yogurt, almonds, chickpeas, potatoes, dried fruit, and about six different sauces. Never in my life have I experienced so many flavors and textures in a single dish. Fortunately, the mixture is both delicious and satisfying. The spices deliver just the right kick to pair perfectly with a sweet, cool lassi. I'll be back to try the other chaats. In the end, what really sets Mood Cafe apart is the exceptional service. The man behind the counter is friendly and loves to share his crazy concoctions with people whether they are first-timers or longtime customers. Heck, some of Starr's restaurant staff could learn a thing or two.
Mood Cafe is a neighborhood gem. So if you're craving something daring, give it a shot!SUCH a nice guy, and really delicious lassi (although it makes you SUPER full after awhile)! The owner is incredibly friendly and nice, and let us try a ton of different samples, including his precious rose-flavored stuff. A little bit far from center city and campus.I love Mood Café. So many juice and lassi choices. Like others here, I heart the carrot juice. The chaats are so flavorful and perfectly filling. You can't go wrong with anything you order. Hassan, the owner, will help you select an item or tailor one to suit your taste. The friends I've introduced to Mood have thanked me for it. What a treat on Baltimore Ave!I really wish I could base this review on the food, but I didn't even get a chance to order.
Initially, I looked at the menu for Mood Cafe, but accidentally called Desi Chaat House. I decided to just roll with the mistake and order.
After picking up the chaat from Desi Chaat House, I thought, "Damn, that Dhokla chaat on Mood Cafe's menu sounded bangin' and I could eat 3 orders of chaat by myself!"
I call Mood Cafe and no one picks up. Maybe, they're busy.
I go inside and there are two customers sitting down awaiting their order. The worker was behind the counter with his back turned making their lassi, so I just say hi -- not rushing you or anything. He turns around, looks at me, and goes back to work.
Alright, whatever. Maybe he wasn't in a chaat-y mood?
Another customer rolls in and walks to the counter. The worker suddenly comes over to him to shoot the shit like they're old friends.
Nope, I'm out.
I've worked retail before. I can understand if you're busy and can't pick up the phone or take down my order right away. But ignoring me and then dropping what you're doing to talk to someone who came in afterwards was just bad customer service.
From other reviews that I've read, the owner is fine and friendly, but the younger employee isn't -- especially, when it is just him there.
I'll update the review if/when I get to actually try out the place.
Edited for clarity, because someone/Yelp thinks that I posted this to the wrong restaurant.Mr. Hasan Bukhari introduced me to the many delights of Chaat, a "wonderland of flavors." I got the Chicken Tikka Chaat, with salad, crisps, chicken, yogurt, dates, chickpeas, lentils, mint, mango, strawberries, oh just YUM! And I washed it down with a Mango Lassi, yogurt-based drink that was to die for! YOU HAVE TO GO! Inexpensive and delicious! Try to avoid the busy weekend peak times, as this place can get packed and there is little seating area (mostly takeout). Enjoy!This place is amazing. We looked through the pictures on Yelp and saw the various chaats and lassis and we just wanted to try it out to see if the hype was real.  We walked through the door and looked up at the menu board and felt a bit overwhelmed. We knew what we wanted but the owner gave us a nice intro into the world of chaats and how he prepares them.  He made us feel welcome and comfortable and we really enjoyed the additional service he provided right off the bat.  Now let's get to the food!
Chicken Tikka Salad Chaat:  The chicken was absolutely delicious!  Fresh chicken with the same great tikka taste mixed in with salad greens, chickpeas, cranberries, juicy mango slices, and all of the chaat accessories as the base. It was well worth every penny and every bite just made you want to keep going. Many restaurants that offer chaat have a bland taste and sometimes its either too saucy or their isn't enough of the sauce to coat the chaat but this place had it just right.  I'd highly recommend the chicken tikka chaat or chicken tikka salad chaat for first timers.
Paneer Tikka Chaat:  Spicy, sweet, and tangy at the same time with every bite.  Cranberries with paneer were a great combo and the shredded paneer blended in well with the chaat mixture.   The mixture of sauces were perfect and the crispy chaat pieces were crunchy all the way through the meal.  No sogginess = more taste!
Now for the lassis:
As someone who is critical of lassis and find that most stores just make glorified smoothies with mounds of sugar, I found the lassis at Mood Cafe rather pleasing.  I ordered the blueberry and peach lassis and both were pleasing.  The blueberry was a bit more tasteful than the peach lassi and I'd highly recommend it for first timers.  The peach was a bit more difficult to taste but it was still a positive experience.  Both lassis had just enough salt and sugar and not overwhelming to a point where you'd feel like you've had enough.  
Final Conclusion:  The owner is a terrific person who really works hard to please his customers.  He's mastered the chaat world and anyone who wants to experience good chaat and have a positive experience, they should definitely stop by!This place is fantastic!  I went for the first time today with a friend and had an amazing experience.  I must have looked lost reading the menu because another customer stopped to offer his recommendations.  Hassan upon learning it was my first time for chaat told me he would explain everything and the menu would only make me more confused.  He spent more than five minutes explaining what a chaat was, how he made it, and the differences between the different menu offerings.  He told me that number 9 was the best place to start for the beginners and asked me my spice preference.  It was really nice that he explained the process and paid careful attention to my preference (when I said I wanted spicy but wasn't sure if that was American spicy or Indian medium he gave me American spicy and put hot sauce on the side so I could customize it).  He told me that he would guide me through the menu and options on subsequent visits.  I really like that he sees it as a 'journey' through food.  We ate at the restaurant; there aren't a ton of seats but a lot of people get take-out so its not an issue.  Hassan brought us small glasses of Banana Fig Lassis so we could try them.  When we had finished the meal he asked how I had liked it and explained how chaat isn't something served in restaurants because of the complexity, variation, and customizable character.  He said each menu option was characteristic of the cuisine of a certain region, but that by no means these were the limit to his food creations.  Hassan truly approaches chaat as an art - it is completely customizable.  He let me try each of the crunch toppings individually so I could get a sense of the ingredients and how chaat is composed. He said you can only find mango lassi at Indian restaurants, but he figured why not have a rose lassi or a passionfruit lassi.  He promised he could make any kind of lassi or milkshake I could think of - which I take as a desirable challenge :)  He even gave me a spoonful of the rose petal jam he uses to make the rose lassi.  He says he makes it out of real rose petals, not just extract so it has real rose flavor.  It was awesome and I'm definitely going to order a rose lassi when I come back.  And for those wondering what chaat is its basically a salad on crack - it has a thousand ingredients, spices, sweet, sour, spicy, salty crunchy, balanced, and fantastic.  I definitely recommend it!  Overall the experience was fantastic as was the food.  Hassan is truly what makes this restaurant special.My favorite place in Philly. Love the crazy chaat and rose lassi. Possibly the nicest owner on the planet. You must eat here.The mood café is a  cozy place on Baltimore avenue providing delectable tasty dishes and my favorite Lassies. There are over 50 different lassie favors. I visit the mood café several times a week every week. The owner Hassan is a remarkable gentleman that takes great pride in his business. He makes an awesome chatt and puts the same awesome love and effort into the next persons  order for a lassie or chatt dish. This place is very well know, the line that I run into on most visits speaks that truth for itself. Pina Colada, Guava Red Watermelon, Apple Banana, Honey, Peanut butter banana, Peaches & Cream and the list goes on, they are all delicious, delicious, delicious.  I am nowhere near done having all the lassies that are offered. The mood café offers awesome service from a very warm and personable owner and great lassies and chatt, I am so glad this place exit, I LOVE IT.The service was warm and friendly. The food was good, but felt heavy on the fried chips, and had a processed food feel. There is no way this place should be number one on Yelp Philadelphia restaurants.
The best chaats in Philly might be at Indeblue.   Or tiffin bistro.  Or high end Tashan.
Good food here, not great, middle of the pack.This place is worth the glowing reviews and  5 stars it currently has. Small clean dining space but the important thing here is the food. The chaats are truly a flavor explosion that is custom built for you. I order spicy and find it perfectly so, not too mild but doesn't leave me in tears. 
The number of lassi flavors and combinations are impressive. I've only had Cardamom & Mango so far but both were delicious!Hasan is one of my favorite people
I've ever met.  Expect him to go into great detail about what chaat is, with a huge smile.  I've seen him give this spiel half a dozen times ("a little sweet, a little spicy...") and he clearly revels in it every time.  I've been in a couple times with my father and he always asks how my "daddy" is.  For my fiancé and I, a staple of weekends when the weather is nice is stopping into Mood Cafe on the way to Clark Park for a lassi, some chaat, and of course, some great conversation.  
The menu looks quite complex, but I'm pretty sure the only real differences are the types of meat and how spicy you want it (he always makes mine mild for me), and he basically makes the rest of it up.  The salad chaat is amazing, although don't look for it on the streets of India, as he admits to it being a personal creation.  The lassi choices are also a bit overwhelming, but don't worry, you can't go wrong.  Personally I love the honey papaya.  If you order mint, he will go pick it from where he is growing it under a tree outside.  And always expect Hasan to give you a second cup with what wouldn't fit into the first cup, because that's just the kind of guy he is.The absolute best place to go in West Philly! Hassan will make your day by welcoming you to his home! He will ensure you are happy with every choice of lassie or chaat, and always entertain you with something special. Hassan is a gem here in West Philly and I always look forward to being here. Let him suggest new Flavors and things if you're adventurous - hell always make sure you're happy with his creation. :)Nice place. They seem to be going for Guiness world record for most Lassi and Chaat flavors. Not only that, the food is also good. the Chaat looks a little strange. I must admit I was apprehensive, but once I tried it it was quite good. I had the Kunna lamb Chaat and my wife had the Chicken Keema. We also had a Lychee Lassi and a Date Almond Lassi, along with a sample of one that had strawberry in it. Only downside is this place is a bit of a hole-in-the-wall with very little seating. Probably better for takeout, although we were able to get one of the three tables when we were there.Well, the one star is cut because..
1. I found the lassi that we had were a bit too watered down.
2. The chutneys used in the chats were not the best, had some clear artificial colors, which in my opinion are unnecessary..
May be it is because we had higher expectations ( we looked up yelp before we went there), and we are comparing with some other fares we have tried, but I am sure you can get better..Mood Cafe was a surprise. I had never had Chaat before. For that matter, I had never heard of Chaat before. After traveling all over India, I was wondering how in heaven's name I had never had this dish because it was really delicious!  I tried both a chicken tika and lamb chaat.  Both were 5 worthy and dollar for dollar will fill you up!  The lamb was the best in terms of flavor.  I also tried the multi berry, blueberry and pistachio/almond lassies and the latter was the best but all were fantastic.  Their website only has a fraction of what is actually offered.  Over 60 lassi flavors and many chaat combinations. I ended up going back a second time and would rate it perfect both times. Anytime you are only Baltimore Street, I'd definitely stop by!The customer service here is as good as it gets, to the point where I would probably come in every once in a while and order something even if I hated it, just for the sake of patronizing such a friendly local business.
Their lassis are incredible, I have yet to try one I didn't like. I'm partial to the mint flavor. Also the plain sweetened lassi is surprisingly good. 
I enjoyed the chaat but it's not something I order regularly. I find the menu a little confusing - there's no explanation as to what the ten different kinds of chaat listed on the chalk board consist of. Some kind of printed menu with in depth ingredient descriptions would be handy. It's not that the owner wouldn't be happy to explain everything to you, it's just that I like to have something I can look at while I decide what to order. I've yet to try a wrap, which just showed back up on the menu again.
Of the available desserts I've tried one, a pudding-like cheese dish that was rich and delicious. For me this place is really all about the lassis but for people who don't fixate on one menu item like I always do, I'd recommend trying just about anything here and you probably won't be disappointed.I've been here 4 or 5 times now- both by myself to get takeout and walk to few blocks to my house or taking other people to discover how delicious the Chaat at Mood Cafe is. Like many other Yelpers, I first discovered Mood Cafe while wandering down Baltimore Ave looking at Yelp, and seeing the 5 star rating, I knew I had to try it. When I walked in and told Hassan I wanted a specific dish (from the large blackboard filled with goodies) he made sure I knew what Chaat was (I did not), then explained (he always explains it as a mixture of sweet, spicy, all these flavors together. Which seems to open up more questions than answers, but I do not complain). The combination was incredible. I spent the next few days dreaming of returning again. And I did again, and again. Delicious, yes. But it is so affordable that it can actually be a regular hangout ($6.99 for veg chaat!). 
One piece of advice, don't bother going for the meat Chaat. They are equally good, but more expensive and take longer. And I am generally partial to meat myself.I went in yesterday after seeing all of the glowing reviews. I walked up to the counter and asked the owner for his recommendation. I've never had Pakistani food before and my friend had never had chaat or lassi. The owner  (who was just a joy to talk to) gave us thorough information about what they offer, what's popular, and some background information about Pakistani food. He was so nice and I didn't feel as if he was annoyed by our ignorance of Pakistani cuisine; it felt like he had a true desire to share Pakistani culture. He even told us if we didn't like it, we would not be charged. This man is definitely a genius when it comes to business; he's so polite and customer-service orientated. Our food was amazing (I had a spicy chicken salad chaat and my friend had the regular spicy chicken chaat) as was the lassi. It really is refreshing to be able to walk into a small business like this and have them make you smile from the service and the wonderful food. 
Do yourself a favor and stop in here. This place is an absolute delight.I was curious to try Mood Café, but had no idea where to begin. The owner quickly stepped in and provided the best customer service by explaining the different types of chaat and combining my food preferences into an amazing dish. There is truly something for everyone as each dish can be a custom order and the owner excels at cooking for everyone's palate. I had a refreshing vegan mango lassi and my friend ordered the mint one -with fresh mint picked from his sidewalk garden. Mood Café is a welcome addition to the Baltimore Avenue shops and I can't wait to see what mood I'm in/food I get next time I'm there.Everyone in the neighborhood raves about this place. Our first time here outside of the dollar strolls. My wife had the Samosa Chaat mild, the proprietor suggested I have the Mastana Chaat spicy. Topped off with a Mango Lassi. Each excellent!  We'll be back!Quaint delicious indian food cafe. We walked into this cafe expecting great food and service and that's exactly what we received. Almost everyone that walked in after us had the same story how they have heard of this well kept gem, yelp! 
The owner was very friendly and helpful. I let him know I was vegan and immediately he knew what should meet my requirements to make the food friendly. I actually never had chaat before but it sure was delicious. If it is your first time visiting the place then the owner will whip you up with a starter to get you familiar with the cuisine. A meal consisting of mangos, dates, dried cranberries, chickpeas, potatoes, and some other delicious combination of ingredients placed into a meal. You can have this as a salad or a regular meal. The meal was placed on top of fresh spring mix. Normally served with yogurt but he knew not to include it. For meat eaters they had plenty of options to go along with this as well, lamb, chicken, and beef. 
Don't forget to order one of their lassi drinks as well. They make it with yogurt usually but get it veganized with almond milk. Banana date was just what I needed to satisfy my sweet tooth.I'm not sure what Mihir S is talking about. The chat here is out of this world. I'm Indian too, and Mihir's claims of the chaat not being Indian are exaggerated. Appreciating something novel is not for everyone I guess. The food here is amazing, the maker has a charming, effusive personality..and the price very affordable. This is better than any Indian chat ive ever had.I really cannot compliment this place enough, it sets the bar for chaat. I never been disappointed there. The mix of flavors and textures always comes out just right.
Also, the owner is the friendliest guy you'll ever meet. It's obvious that he loves what he does; he always goes out of his way to make the experience great. Sometimes I do not order anything off the menu and just tell him to suprise me. He is more than happy to just throw some things together, explaining as he goes along.The owner was super friendly! He claims that they don't serve anything that's not good and he was so right! I didn't get a chance to try the food because I was full, but I tried the lassi drinks in guava and mango flavors. Both were delicious! They gave the remaining that didn't fit in the cups in smaller cups, which were useful for swapping flavors with my friend and a very nice gesture of service since the goodness doesn't go to waste. I'd hit up this place every week if I live in Philly. Going to miss this place so much in the mean time =(It feels so great to be excited about a restaurant in Philly again. 
I am so, so glad to have found this place (it was a fortunate discovery by chance-- I just happened to be browsing restaurants on Yelp, as I typically do, when I came across this place). I had to click on it-- 100 reviews and 5 stars on Yelp? It seemed too good to be true. I immediately contacted my friend and told her about the place; she was extremely ready to try it as well.
We ventured into the restaurant at around 7:20 PM. The place is fairly small-- there are only about 3-4 tables. The man who owns the place was incredibly warm, sweet and welcoming. We mentioned that we were newcomers and he immediately wanted to make sure we had a good experience with the food. He asked us for spice preferences and meat preferences for my friend (I told him I was vegetarian from the get-go). The food was made fairly quickly even though there were two parties of four ahead of us. Regardless, the wait time wouldn't make me subtract a star.
The menu of chaat varieties is extensive; I ordered the veggie chaat (I originally asked for the paneer veggie chaat, but he was out of paneer. Next itme!) The quality of the food was absolutely incredible. The combinations of flavors made each bite exciting and different. The chutneys mixed with the yogurt sauce, the fresh bits of mango pieces, raisins and chick peas and crispy flakes/puris added a cool texture to the dish as well. The play on sweet and savory was so on point. At the end of our meal, the owner told everyone in the restaurant (all tables were full so perhaps about 12 people) that he was heating up gulab jamun (indian sweet) for everyone on the house-- my friend and I were just about to leave and we were so full, but the thought was incredibly sweet and it just added to our experience. Another thing I noticed was that while we were eating, he announced to everyone that he hoped the spices were correct-- he mentioned being able to "fix it up right away" if someone had a dish with a spice level that wasn't ideal. So cute! So much appreciation! 
The restaurant also had a huge menu for lassi flavors. I'm not a huge lassi fan, but my friend ordered the Date lassi and really enjoyed it. All the other people in the restaurant ordered a lassi as well, so it is probably a worthwhile choice to complement the chaat.
I paid about $6.50 for my weal, and it was so worth it. I have nothing but golden and glittery words of praise for this West Philly gem. I have so many people in mind that I want to introduce to this restaurant.This place is worth every 5 star rating. The chaats and lassies are amazing and made to your order. The owner was super friendly. Be prepared for a taste explosionWe (my husband and myself) went to this place today and oh my god! It was wonderful experience. We were greeted by smiling owner who knows how to treat a customer. Coz it was our first time, he explained us the menu and asked us our taste preference. He customized our food according to that. 
The way street food CHAAT is elevated to new level to make it personalized for all kinds of palates, is just awesome! Even lassis are the same. Stereotypes may not like this but for foodies who love to try really good food, this place is worth every penny!!! 
Would love to come back again when we are in town!!Selection of lassi here are great! Definitely recommend the fig.I took my mother to mood cafe yesterday after seeing such great reviews on yelp,  and we both really enjoyed our dining experience! Everything about it was a refreshing twist from the standard indian fare we are used to.  We shared a chicken tikka salad chaat which was light, filling and delicious but there are so many other options that I need to explore. 
 I've also never seen so many varieties of lassi (yogurt drink) ever. I grew up on mango lassis, but at Hassan's suggestion I ordered a rose lassi which was so good and memorable, I will definitely have to come back for more. My mother ordered a spicy mint lassi which was too spicy for me but my mother loved.  Once it melted down though and it got a little less spicy, I took it away from her and downed the whole thing myself. 
Lastly and most importantly, the owner and his staff are wonderful to get to know and clearly appreciate their customers. Although mood cafe is a small place, it has a wonderful charm that makes it worth revisiting.   
I look forward to seeing some openings in NYC! (Hopefully, brooklyn :) )Let me start by saying this place was the second place my Mom and I stumbled upon trying to find some good food for the evening, myself having just gotten off a long flight. We both like trying new things and this place had so many good reviews we decided to give it a try.  Superb, from the staff to the food!  I had my first lassi and we both wanted chicken dishes so they gave us one salad (which has a lot to it!) and one chaat just to give us both a taste of different things.  Both were splendid as well as the rice pudding we had for dessert, and I am not a pudding person :)!  Our chicken we got medium spicy and it was so flavorful and just yummy!!  Even the salad was bomb! When we stepped in we let them know it was our first time and they guided us thru the menu and everything.  This place is a great find and we'll be back. Thoroughly enjoyed the food and would highly recommend it.Tried it for the first time today. The owner makes you feel very welcome and helps you decide what to pick, often not on the board. The description of all the items that go into a Chaat seemed like the result would be a little crazy, but the flavors blended well together. A unique snack, and surprisingly light. Will definitely be going back to try the Lassies.Not that Mood needs another good review - but we are visiting from out of town and after finding Mood on Yelp we made it part of our vacation plans. Unfortunately we were still full from lunch and after telling that to the owner he steered us in a direction allowing us to have an experience without filling up. My husband,son and I shared a mango lassi and a lemonade lassi. We also shared a samosa chaat and a chicken chaat. He was very kind and chatted with us about the history of the food and his other restaurants. Luckily the busy dinner rush had passed and we were able to sit and enjoy our visit. Having this experience was a great ending to our day in Philly.Can't beat it! The huge selection of lassi's are outstanding (fig lassi mmmm...) and the samosas are great, but the real thing to come here for is Hassan and his chaats. 
Chaat is kind of hard to describe. It's a South Indian street food that is a medley of a whole bunch of things: crunchy noodles and puffed rice, dried fruits and nuts, chutneys and sauces, and other things. There's a menu of about 15 different varieties, but Hassan is always helpful and will make you exactly what you want. 
So much love for this place!Mood Cafe is always my first stop when I visit Philly after a nice drive from Brooklyn.
The Lassi flavors range from traditional to ecstatic. It's always great to bring a friend or friends to share because they always make enough to fill your cup and have enough left over to fill a smaller cup that you can trade with your friends. 
I have a hard time choosing anything other than the Pistachio/Almond Lassi. It's a great balance of rich yogurt, creamy almonds, and nutty pistachios that almost adds an umami flavor to the combination as the pistachios that they use are toasted with a bit of salt. 
I've recently ordered off the menu. Pistachio/Dates. Also a winner. The chewy pieces of dates sink to the bottom and wait for you to finish your drink before you can pick them out with a straw. 
It's hard to go wrong here. The owner is very vocal and knowledgable - if you order flavors that he doesn't think will work well together, he will recommend something better. 
Also, he's originally from Brooklyn. Bonus points for that.Seriously one of the best experiences that I've had at a restaurant/food joint in a very long time. To start off the owner of the cafe, Hassan, is absolutely wonderful. A few friends and I wandered into the shop after another friend recommended we get lassi after brunch. I personally thought that there would be a couple interesting flavors, but I wouldn't have any because I normally don't like lassi. Oh how wrong I was. Not only were the lassis AMAZING (esp the rose, almond and fig) but the atmosphere was absolutely amazing. Hasan is so personable, charismatic and nice that we ended up spending well over 90min at the shop just talking to Hasan and enjoying the lassis. I'm not from Philly but when I come back to the city one of the first things I'm doing is heading back here!! 
P.S. the make vegan lassis too which I've personally never seen, but I tasted them and they were delicious. 
Plus all the samples that Hasan gives are basically a glass of lassi, so he is very generous and will also make you a new lassi if you don't like your original orderI've been to my share of chaat houses, but after seeing this place with it's 5 stars and 200+ reviews, I knew I had to check it out. This place did not disappoint. The Pakistani owner is hilarious and attentative. Seating is limited but we had 6 people and felt fine. The chaat is flavorful, unique, and satisfying. We've been raving about it since. Really looking forward to the summer to experience more of the lassi flavors. Mango is a solid choice, but the cardimum was a show stealer. I would recommend this place to locals and travelers.This place deserves all of the good reviews it has gotten.  While I really enjoyed our keema chat and tikka salad chaat; I think the rose lassi and ras malai were insanely good.  Would highly recommend the rose lassi and ras malai.  Definitely coming back again!This place is great! I can't really tell the difference between many of the chaats but they are all great. I went here my first week in West Philly and have been back many times since. The men behind the counter are very personable and polite. The store also carries Peace Tea which is my favorite brand of Iced Tea!
If you want to order on the phone, you can only do it about 15 minutes or so in advance. They don't want the chaat to sit around and not be as delicious as it could be. Understandable but threw me off at first. They are really proud of their product!Like many stores that line Baltimore Avenue in West Philly, Mood Cafe is privately owned and a sister store to Desi Village and Desi Chaat House. I have frequented Desi Chaat House more often because they have more variety of chaat, but Mood Cafe has more lassi options. I really like their lassi because it isn't that sweet, and my favourite is cardamom lassi. It has a slight tanginess from the yoghurt and just the right amount of cardamom flavour. It's actually really refreshing to drink on a very hot day. Mango lassi is very good also, once again with just the right sweetness and enough mango flavour. This time I ordered Kashmiri chaat and asked mine to be medium spicy. I love eating chaat during the summer months because it's refreshing and kind of helps my appetite when you don't want to eat anything. Just in case you don't know, chaat is one of the favourite Indian street food with all kinds of possible combination of veggies, crunchy Indian snacks, fruits, sauces, and yoghurt. The potential of combination seems endless. 
Mood Cafe is rather small for an eat in. They do have limited chairs and tables. I chose to do a take out (which most times seems more convenient). The service is really friendly and pretty efficient. I think they over made their mango lassi they gave me the extra portion in a small cup! If you are new to this area of West Philly you can choose to eat in, or take your food and drink over to Clark Park and have a picnic!Mood Café is the place for proper chaat and lassi in Philly! And this is coming from legit Pakistani people. To top off their menu, the service is amazing. The owner is always here, super friendly and if you're nice will top off your order with a freebie. Be nice. Keep the mood light :) The ROSE Lassi is ahhhhhhmazing  they're opening s sit down Pakistani restaurant next month called, Langar.Absolutely amazing lassis! Owner is passionate and very friendly, I'll definitely be coming back and trying the chaat. I got the plum lassi and it was delicious.Went once for dinner, and back for lunch the day after. It's that good! Sticking with chicken tikka until I bore it out, if that's even possible. Also tried a fig lassi, so tasty! They use dried figs and does not disappoint. 
One word of advice: be patient. The two times I've visited, there is only one person running show, so if it gets busy you may have to wait a little to put in your order and get your food. Believe me, it's worth the wait!If you're in the mood for something out of the ordinary, Mood cafe is the place to go (sorry, couldn't resist the pun).
I came here entirely based on Yelp reviews, figuring that a near-perfect rating from over 200 reviewers couldn't go wrong. The cafe itself is in a rather charming part of town, and although it is rather small, it also screams cleanliness and efficiency. The owner greeted us immediately, and let us peruse the various items on the menu with an amused look on his face before we finally gave up and admitted we had no idea how to order. He explained what chaat was, and that we shouldn't be overwhelmed by the multitude of choices written on the board - we should just tell him what type of meat we wanted and our desired spice level, and he'd take care of the rest. My boyfriend got lamb, spicy, and I got chicken, medium spice. We also ordered mango and pineapple lassi.
The lassi was amazing - I don't think I'll ever be content with a smoothie ever again. Mango taste was light and airy, not too sweet, but enough to satisfy any craving. The Pineapple lassi was very refreshing, and offered the perfect blend of flavor and sweetness. Even better, with our lassi we got a little cup with the leftover drink (I'm guessing they made extra), which was perfect for sharing. 
When I got my chaat, my first instinct was to say "Eeww, how do these even go together...?" Radishes, cilantro sauce, mangoes, honeyed dates, chick peas, fried dough strips, chicken pieces, several types of mystery sauce? I then dubiously mixed everything together and took a tentative bite. 
It was an absolute explosion in my mouth, a taste sensation I've never had before. Sweet, sour, savory, salty, spicy, and everything in between - all in perfect balance. Saying that it was delicious would be an understatement. My chicken chaat was seriously awesome, and my boyfriend's lamb chaat was even better. It literally comes down to personal preference what meat/veggie you get, but I don't think you can go wrong.
This place makes the 2.5 hour drive from Maryland to Penn worth it. Would I recommend this place? Absolutely. The owner is super friendly, helpful, and service-oriented. The food is a mind-blowing culinary experience. My only qualm with this place is that if you don't order a lassi, the serving sizes for the chaat might not be enough to fill you up completely (but since I did order a lassi, I ended up staggering out the door due to how full I was). 
The do offer other awesome desserts like gulab jamun and carrot halwa - I'm currently doing stomach expansion exercises so I can fit those as well next time I'm around.