Love the juicy steaks and fantastic service. Be weary, though that medium-rare is very rare. Almost raw. I learned this from my first time and consequently order medium from them on which was perfect for me. The sides are yummy and complement the steaks. This place is a bit pricey but worth the splurge.
One time, the waiter came back to return a tip because we didn't notice they already added gratuity to our large party. We thanked him and only took back part of it. That was very nice of him to do.I had a dinner meeting here on Tuesday night. The Cajun Ribeye steak was cooked to perfection. We were having a great dinner get together, until the waiter accidently knock over a glass of red wine and it wound up on an associate of mine. Really do not think a free desert was the best choice of action in this caseI had dinner about a week or so with a few colleagues. Going to any steakhouse, you have to expect to drop a good bit of money. 
I got the porterhouse, and it was cooked perfectly at medium temperature. 
This gets a 3 star - only relative to the other steakhouses in Philly. Philly is all about restaurants with personality and Morton's just lacks that, though I know this is a chain. Morton's should consider restyling their layout. When we got there, it was just a huge empty room with a bunch of tables. There were probably 4 tables full max, which makes the restaurant look empty and somewhat undesirable. 
All in all, you will get a good steak here, but for the price you're paying, you could get a good steak AND better ambiance elsewhere.I've eaten at this restaurant many years ago on Walnut St. ......should I say, this "infamous" establishment.....ha ha ha !! Of course, the gentleman I was dating at the time, wanted to experience so much of what Philly had to offer ie, restaurants. My on the other hand, takes much to impress me..the decor, Hmmm? not much to be desired for, the lighting was very dimmed, I suppose this was to be "romantic"...bad on the eyes, when it was time to read the menu. I ordered "Porterhouse" my all time favorite....these steaks costs $35-40 me being the analytical person that I am , simply because, I am a steak lover...this steak at that  particular time, did "NOT" taste any different than the one I had eaten at "CAPITAL GRILLE" not so long ago..or the "CHART HOUSE"....not even "RUTH CHRIS", which is one of my favorite restaurants. It's how the Chef prepares & cooks the steak..overall, they're the same steak...BUT !!!! your paying for the name of the RESTAURANT & the LOCATION . 
SYNOPSIS: Some of us tend to think if, we eat at these FABULOUS restaurants / at these GREAT locations ....FIREWORKS are going to go off in our BRAINS...ANGELS will sing. UNFORTUNATELY !!! things like this does NOT happen simply because, we're eating an $30-40 STEAK ...I REALIZED / ACCEPTED this when I had eaten at this restaurant many years ago.Went here for father's day with bf's family, also for his bday!
The steak was incredible and huge. The staff was wonderful and informative about all menu items. 
Must eat!!!like other high end steak house chains is a very good meal..and it should be cause its not exactly a cheap meal. I prefer morton's over the others b/c I just have better cuts of meat in my opinion. i recommend the filet and porterhouse. the crab cake is pretty good and the prime ocean platter has always been very fresh and tasty. they run a promotion where u get dinner for 2 for 100 a few times a year definately take them up on that offer.We decided on Morton's for dinner last night since all other restaurants had an extremely long wait.  Morton's was delicious as always. The bone-in ribeye was seasoned to perfection,  bacon mac and cheese was also delicious, and the crab cake was tasty.  The apple martini was the best that I've ever had.  Morton's is always a great choiceHad their happy hour menu recently. I would say the drink menu can be improved upon..either more variety or just cheaper. At $8, it's not really an "happy hour" special unless you compare it to reg price. 
The happy hour bites menu I did like. The crab cake sliders just hit the spot. They are full size "bites" so unlike other places where you can order like 6 small items, you can't get away with that here. No biggie. 
Will def come back here because at that happy hour time when everywhere else is jammed packed in the area, the seating here is quiet and you can have space to yourself instead of being stuck at some bar selling your soul to get the bartender's attentionGreat staff, but the steaks here were over rated and over priced. The night we went the steak was okay,  nothing to write home about. The side dishes and drinks were good.What a great experience; the food is excellent, steak is delicious, staff is exceptional, everyone is extremely friendly and accommodating. Morton's never fails regardless which location you visit. I will certainly recommend and visit again when in town.
Special thanks to Steve and his team for going far and beyond to accommodate our numerous allergies; you can clearly recognize the level of commitment and exceptional training; I mean they have separate set of utensils that weren't previously used with dairy and shellfish, and they certainly follow good practices to avoid cross-contamination.  All of our needs we're properly addressed. Thank you, we'll be back!Sadly disappointed.   Visited Morton's for a birthday celebration with my 2 best friends.   We noted in the reservation that his was a birthday celebration for the three of us.  No mention of this by the waiter. No big deal.   Our waiter comes to the table introduces himself n reads the specials.  Not very descriptive.  We order drinks I order a beer, they don't have it in stock.  Don't tell me what they have just ask if I'd like a soda.  Ok.  Bring us our menus n two minutes later is back for our order, we say we need a few minutes.  He took that literally and was back in three minutes. I ask if they have Chicago style, he says that just means it's on the bone.  Uhmmmm no it doesn't.   I'm already disappointed.   We order.  I get a rib eye medium Oscar style.  One gets filet Oscar style n we order one rib eye medium well.  Do not order Oscar style.  It was flavorless with raw asparagus n by no means should they say lump crabmeat.  The steak that was to be medium well, was rare.  Had to be ant back twice.  My steak was also rare, tough n chewy.  The filet was rare but my gf said flavorful.  She also thought the Oscar style was worse she ever had.  Sides:  onion rings.  Good. Hot. Crispy.   Creamer spinach, no flavor and not real
Hot.  Sour cream mashed potatoes , not hot. Bland.  We are not big complainers, we just asked to have our food wrapped to go  n we would instead indulge in dessert.  We read rave reviews about the sundae n the hot chocolate cake.  We were actually excited that we weren't to full j would be able to enjoy dessert. We asked for the dessert menu.  The waiter brings it to the table, he then leans over n whispers the ones in the box are our house specialities.  They take 30 minutes as they are prepared fresh.  Oooh. Goood!  He then finishes the statement with they are not worth the wait. What????? He obviously wanted us out so he could get another seating.  He comes back and asks us if we would like to try one of the other desserts.  Uhm, no.  Check please.    Almost $400 with tip.  I swear to you I had a better steak at Applebee's.   What waiter tells you the house specialties aren't worth the wait?   Save your money. On a brighter note the waiters waiting on other tables sounded great!  New the menu n even recommended the hot chocolate cake to the diner.We started in the bar with drinks. The bartender was incredibly knowledgeable; he was a true professional. Then we moved to the table. Service was perfect. Food was ok. The place was pretty dead.My mouth waters just thinking about this place. I have never had a meal from this restaurant that was not superb. The portions are hefty and well worth the price. They also have good steak/seafood specials every so often. Try the double porterhouseI tried to book reservations through yelp, they confirmed my reservations, i called the night before just to confirm my reservations was still there, i was hung up three different times, spoke to a manager just to find out they do not see my reservations and they was having problems with yelp. This ruin my plans. Call this restaurant if you want make reservationsI have gone here twice with friends and sat by the var. Their fries and crab cakes are wonderful!! Great place to stop for cocktails. The bartenders are engaging. A must do if you are in the city. Parking garage suggested. Enjoy;;;Druing this restaurant week, I reserved a table yesterday. The restaurant is located in walnut street and 14th street near by City Hall. Dark environment,  pretty waitresses and dressed up customers. I enjoyed the time. However, the food here is OK.One of the best steaks I've ever had. Got the creamed spinach for an appetizer, the Double Cut Filet Mignon, and Morton's hot chocolate cake, which oozes godiva chocolate and has Haagendaaz ice cream on the side. It gave me multiple foodgasms :). This place is pretty pricy, but if you want one of the best steaks out there, this is the place to check out!not typically a traditional steakhouse fan, but i have to say my experience at morton's was AMAZING.
service was incredible.  my steak was overcooked.  delicious still, but medium and not medium rare.  so i ate it, but they still comped it.  everything was delicious and we felt well taken care of.Morton's Steakhouse simply isn't worth it.  Everything about my dinner there was lackluster.  But the most important question is, how was the steak?  My 8oz filet was overcooked (medium instead of medium-rare), burnt/blackened on top, and lacking in flavor.  My date's slightly smaller filet was properly cooked (medium rare), but was similarly lacking in flavor.  The chocolate cake dessert was okay, but I've had better at local diners.  To make matters worse, our server did not introduce himself and was not pleasant towards us.  There are so many wonderful steakhouses in Philly.  Morton's just doesn't happen to be one of them.The food is not good at all. Came here for resturant week and the Lobster Bisque was the most disgusting thing I have ever had. And I'm pretty sure it was spoiled because I got sick after. The mashed potatoes taste way too much like horse radish and aren't good at all. The salmon and steak were just ok. The service is just okay too. The waiters have no idea what's going on with the tables and like 4 people came up to us to ask what we want to drink when we already had drinks in front of us but no food menu to even order food. This restaurant isn't worth the money to spend here, even on restaurant week when it is cheaper. I will not be coming back.I give this restaurant 4 stars because of their good service and dining atmosphere.  Their servers were well trained and considerate, at least on the Friday night I went. My glass was always full and the server checked on us regularly to make sure our food was done right.  The interior was redone and I must say I love it.  Classy and sophisticated.  You will love their onion bread.  It's addicting, so be careful not to fill up on it.  The Morton house salad was good and the portion was big.  The filet mignon was seasoned OK but was overcooked for medium well.  It was dry and lukewarm.  The bacon wrapped scallops were also nice.  The sides are big.  We had the Brussel sprouts and Mac and cheese and ended up packing them to go.  Both sides had bacon in them.  Isn't everything better with bacon?  The creme Brulee was so-so and chocolate lava cake tasted slightly burnt. But we didn't complain. 
Towards the end of the night the manager invited us to have an after meal drink with him.  We kindly declined the offer due to how full we were!  Next time we won't opt for the 5 course meal.  It is a lot of food! Overall the food was decent, but everything else felt very right.  I will order my steak medium rare next time and try some other dishes.I've had the opportunity to eat at multiple Morton's locations in their boardroom dining areas and the experience was wonderful from the service to the food. On this occasion we were in the standard dining room at the Philladelphia location. 
The server was pleasant but not nearly as attentive or informative about the offerings as is typical at Morton's. Although I have been many times and understand the various cuts of steak and flavors, the remaining 5 members in my party did not and when they are looking at a steaks ranging from $45 - $110 it would be nice to know what they are getting. 
Four of us decided on one of the two more flavorful cuts, the Chicago bone in ribeye.  Three of us were very satisfied with our choice and raved about the meat.  My husband however said it was just okay after eating most of it. We couldn't understand how he could say it was just ok...I tried his and he was right.  It tasted like something I would cook on my backyard grill. I then had him taste mine and he couldn't believe the difference. I suggested brining it to the attention of the waiter but he said no it was fine.  He now wishes he had at least mention the difference. 
The side dishes that I typically love were just okay. The "giant" baked potato I normally get was maybe a large standard potato and the sever that brought the condiments for the potato slapped the sour cream down splattering a large glob on the table. The creamed spinach was warm but certainly not served hot. 
I will say my wedge salad held up to its reputation and was terrific - best I've had anywhere. 
Morton's is a premier steakhouse however this time around I left the restaurant feeling like the meal with a $700 tab (pre tip) was a rip...Wow what a wonderful experience. Me and my fiance came here for our anniversary. We made reservations and were seated immediately by an extremely kind gentleman, i assumed to be an owner or manager. Our server was Erica - such a sweet girl. Very friendly and very informative about the popular city sites to visit while here. She even did the impossible - I do not drink but i figured I would have a drink for our special day. I never know what to get - since I do not actually like drinking alcohol, so I always ask the server to recommend something I could sip without wanting my fiance to finish it for me. Many have tried to find a drink like this for me, and they all failed. Well, all except sweet Erica.  Thank you Erica! 
We both got the NY Strip Steak, Amazing! It was so perfectly cooked and melted in our mouths. Will be sure to come again whenever in Philadelphia. Also got the bacon and onion mac and cheese - very rich in flavor but also amazing. The grilled asparagus was delicious - drizzled with balsamic. MMMM.. And the carrots were to die for. Whatever wasn't finished had to come home with us so i could eat it again!
DESSERT: Dan got the Creme de burle and even i liked it - very good. I got the blueberry and peach crisp..... It was so good, i almost wish I didn't eat so much so i could have finished it. It was so flavorful and perfect.
Because it was our anniversary they took a photo of us at the table and put it in a little frame for us and the dessert was on the house. Really and truly a wonderful experience and I would for sure recommend to anyone and everyone.
Thank you for making our night so enjoyable - ERICA DESERVES A BONUS.I went to the restaurant week last Monday. The environment was great, and I was really full. The food is nice!Really nice steakhouse in King of Prussia mall. Staff is always very friendly and menu is very consistent. Everything is good here, especially all the steaks.Not the biggest fan.  The filet was a bit fatty which was pretty disappointing considering the price.  Overall the experience and service were great, just wish I had gotten a different cut of beef.My wife and I have been here twice. And it's been a perfect plate every time.
Food: The steaks are cooked to exactly how you want it. But it's not just their steaks, it's everything else on the menu also! I had their 'watermelon' salad. I usually hate salad, but this one salad made me a fan.
Service: Exactly what you want. Not hanging around or in your face, but there right when you need them, and they have great recommendations.
Decor: Nice, classy little joint.
Ambience: Very relaxed, but fancy.
Overall, a bit pricey, but you get fantastic food and great service. This is the standard of a great steakhouse.morton's has to be my favorite place for a really great steak....great service and a great classic dirty martini.
the lump crab appetizer as well as the delicious onion bread are two things i look forward to....other than the mouthwatering perfectly cooked delicious hunk of meat that comes to your table.
i havent had a bad meal.
it is pricey but worth saving the pennies to splurge here...Power hour! Morton's does have a really good food happy hour which is never crowded-both a good and bad thing. Drinks really aren't that discounted-8.50 for a mojito or martini.  For $7 you can get Mini Crab Cake BLT's, Tuna Tacos,  Prime Cheeseburgers, Petite Filet Mignon Sandwiches, or the Filet Mignon Trio. Oysters are $2.50 each so not bad either.  The tuna tacos were good but the filet mignon trio was amazing-the steak melted in my mouth.  I've found 2 or 3 plates to be enough for two to share.My family visited me when I lived here, and we had such a great time eating and drinking the night away at Morton's.  I do'nt think I had a better steak or service.
Service was impeccable and the steak is one of the best I've had; better than Chris Ruth's or El Gaucho by a football stadium length.Phenomenal food and service... Was here for a meeting and this place lived up to my expectations greatly.... Will def go back again.. The sides are family style and plentiful.Hadn't been to Mortons for a long time.  Cap Grille had become my more recent hang out. We decided to hit Mortons after the Eagles Steelers game.  I was very impressed with the food and service.  One of the best steaks I've had.  Ditto for my daughter's steak.  Grilled Oysters in Garlic Butter were exceptional. We also ordered a Chocolate Soufflé for dessert. Delicious!  We will definitely be coming back.SO and I were the first ones here last Thursday- 5:30p dinner reservation.
Our server Erica was such a doll, walking us through the entire menu, giving wonderful suggestions on what to order upon hearing of our first time.
The good:
THE MEAT: both SO and I ordered rare steaks, mine was the surf & steak special for $49 (included slightly too-charred lobster tail and rare filet mignon). I did enjoy the non-charred bits of lobster and my steak, which was succulent, juicy and hiding a hint of sweetness (although a bit more pepper/rub would've been great) whereas SO thoroughly enjoyed his porterhouse (both sides bringing out separate textures, the bone adding in a caramelized tone of flavor)
OVER his steak- SO took Erica's suggestion and got the truffle butter- definitely made his meal. If you're on the fence, GO FOR IT. You won't be disappointed!
SIDE DISH: we opted for the creamed spinach which was another excellent suggestion by Erica. Unlike other places where the spinach is too rich that you're feeling icky after the 3rd or 4th bite, Morton's had hints of nutmeg but was made so that you didn't feel too heavy afterwards. Definitely a good accompaniment to our meal
DESSERT: Thinking we were too full afterwards but unable to say no after Erica wheeled out the sweet choices, SO and I split a carrot cake. Absolutely the right choice! It's rich with carrot shavings on the side, a tall 2 layer separated by cream, made right. SO and I fought for bites and I took it to the next level, washing it down with a Kahlua/coffee.
The eh:
Lobster bisque- don't get me wrong, it's tasty but felt like it was missing something. I quite like Ed's Chowder House, where each spoonful is almost too rich to stand whereas Morton's tasted almost healthy, lacking in the full-on flavor punch of each bite
As far as steakhouses go, Morton's definitely delivered, cut of meat, sides and dessert although I'll definitely be passing on the seafood flavors. Can't expect them to be good at everything...just serve their mains well!I feel like with Morton's you just can't go wrong. The Chicago Style Rib Eye was charred to perfection cooked medium to my liking. I highly recommend the Chopped Spinach Salad to start as it was fresh, crunchy, and not overly filling. The Au Gratin Potatoes were my favorite side! I could eat the entire side dish and be completely happy. The Grilled Asparagus were done nicely as well and I most enjoyed the balsamic glaze drizzled on top. For dessert, you MUST order the Hot Chocolate Cake!  Easily top 5 best chocolate cakes I've ever had in my life. The Chocolate Soufflé was delicious as well but not nearly as decedent as the chocolate cake. Morton's is also a great spot for a date! I would definitely make reservations in advance. If not, they provide bar area seating first come, first serve offering their full menu.Had an amazing dinner at the bar. Wagyu filet was cooked perfectly and then finished off the meal with an AMAZING gran marnier soufflé.This place has the best steaks. I've been to Morton's a bunch of times and it's the place I go to when I want a really good steak. The staff is amazing and super friendly. They make you feel like family when you walk through the door. Steaks are always cooked to perfection. Going here for NYE and I can't wait.A solid steak, yes, but I've definitely had better.  The rib eye was well prepared but wasn't nearly as flavorful (read: marbled, fatty, deeeelicious) as I'm accustomed to.  The service was okay, but the sommelier was a total biatch.  I asked for a Zinfandel list and she said, "WELL,  we don't serve anything of that nature."  Um, pumpkin, ZINFANDEL...NOT WHITE ZIN.  Whenever someone makes that mistake I get enraged.  The sides were okay...the martinis were fantastic.  I work close and we had our holiday party in a private room and they over charged us outrageously...I mean, if you need a steak, go for it.  They can pull it off.  There are definitely better steak houses in my very humble, carnivorous opinion.We happened to be in Philly during our anniversary, so we celebrated at Morton's. The food was great and they went out of their way to make it a very special evening for us, with a personalized menu, free dessert and a keepsake photo. We'd never been to a Morton's before, we were pleased. Yes, it was pricey, but worth it.I came here for my birthday, the greeter was very nice to me and made me feel like the "birthday girl" my waiter was so-so. The mashed potatoes were a bit too salty, the creamed spinach was delish, the shrimp were so good. Overall, this place receives 4 stars.Came here for a work related dinner and will say that even though it was pre-fixe it was good. My filet was done perfectly! The chips that you start with were SO good! The sides were good...I would consider visiting again with a smaller group to experience the variety of the menu...I just celebrated my birthday at Morton's Philadelphia for the first time. For my first Morton's experience, I was not disappointed at all. Service was excellent; our waitress Brielle was very attentive. For appetizers we ordered the jumbo shrimp cocktail, tuna tacos, and short rib tacos which were all delicious. We ordered Center Cut Filet Mignons and a variety of side dishes which were all fantastic. They even took a picture of us and put it inside a Morton's frame to wish me a happy birthday and also offered a complimentary dessert which was a nice touch to end my birthday dinner. It is a bit pricey and I would probably not be dining there again unless it was a very special occasion but for what it's worth, it was a lovely dining experience.Went to Mortons on Friday July 1, 2011 and was antcipating a great meal. To say we were let down would be an under-statement. I had the NY Strip signature cut, found it to be tough with fatty sections running throughout the cut. It was my first and last time to eat here, was not worth the money spent.Been here many times with my family. Wonderful palce for a good, flavorful steak.  Soups and seafood are amazing as well. Vey delicious, just rather pricy.  Wish I could go more often.
I love when they have the great deals like the $35 for filet, salad, and dessert.  Cannot beat that! So delicious. They also have a phenomenal wine list! 
The wait staff is okay. Kind of snobby last time I was there. Also, a little outdated.Their lobster and steak are sooooo good.. I love the mushrooms n im not into brussell sprouts but my friend was n he loved them... The lobster was sweet and juicy..the steak was super tender.. In general great foodWe spent almost $600 and they wouldn't allow us Landry select points. The food was mediocre even the bone in rib eye. Trust us we have been to all of the steakhouses in Philly and this is one of the worst. As a new Landry select member you would think they would make an exception since we didn't know "all their rules" as they never responded to our email when we asked. Thus we will never venture into another Landry's establishment and this is probably reason #1269 as to why this place and other Landry restaurants in Philly are SUB PAR. Wake up Landry, you all have to wake up before you start closing your doors. Del Frisco's, Butcher & Singer and Barclay Prime are the top 3, in that order. Morton's is a no no and we would rack them as "unranked" like a crappy NCAA basketball teamWow! The steak was absolutely incredible!  I had a 12oz filet mignon with 3 super humongous asparagus spears. Best steak I've ever had. Meat melted in my mouth and cooked to perfection. I highly recommend this place for the steak lover. They won't be disappointed.Fantastic! Ate here for a friends bachelorette party. The service was top notch, and the foot, incredible! Had the filet, M/R, and could have literally cut it with my fork. Ive eaten at Mortons all across the country, first time at this one, and it didn't disappoint. A class below Del's, but as close to it as you can get to it (that's actually not fair of me to say, considering mortons is far less expensive than del's). Ill be back for sure!Service was excellent. Appetizers were delicious, especially the jumbo lump crab. The New York strip was everything I thought it would be. It melted in my mouth accompanied by some garlic mashed potatoes. Great place for a date, I will certainly be back.Perhaps we caught them on an off night. It was late, so I understand why the waitstaff was less attentive than normal. After speaking with the bar tender (when I got up from my dinner table to get a drink since the waiter hadn't asked if I wanted a refill after 25 minutes of an empty glass) I was told that the waiter actually lied about not having my selection in stock. 
Did I mention the $4 up-charge for ordering my single malt scotch neat? How else is it supposed to be served? 
Steak was medium plus. I asked for medium rare. Unacceptable for a $55 steak. Sure, I could ask for another, but then then rest of my table would have finished before I received my meal. I don't mind paying for a quality meal. This however, was not.Morton's is solid, but extremely overpriced. My family and I went to the Philadelphia location for my dad's birthday 1.) because he loves steakhouses 2.) he's a Morton's member and they gave him a $100 gift card.
The location is great, right off of Broad on Walnut Street, but the interior needs major renovation. I felt like I was back in the 90's in this place, and it just looked tired.
I also don't like that they bring out that cart of raw meat and fish to explain their menu and the specials. First, the whole demonstration took about 10 minutes and we were thirsty and starving. I also don't like looking at raw meat covered in plastic wrap that has been sitting out for a while. NOT appetizing.
My strip steak was good, but I have to say that the $8 one I purchased at reading terminal and broiled at home was just as satisfying.
The creamed spinach was excellent compared to other steakhouses like The Palm, and my cucumber drink with St. Germain was absolutely delicious. The breaded shrimp in beurre blanc appetizer was forgettable, as was the chopped salad and asparagus with bernaise.
They gave us a free molten chocolate cake for dessert and it was terrible. Very commercial tasting. I've had better with a Duncan Hines mix.
Go here if you're on an expense account or have a gift card. Otherwise, patronize local places like Union Trust or Butcher and Singer.This was my first time at this particular location. My server was Alex and she was nice although it did take her about 10+minutes to come and greet me. The hosts and manager were very nice upon my arrival. The onion bread was okay...smelled and tasted like an everything bagel which is not my favorite. I ordered the Jumbo Shrimp Alexander which was truly excellent! I was worried about the portion size since it is only 4 shrimp but it was very filling. Then came my salad I ordered the Morton's salad which is romaine, diced eggs, blue cheese and anchovies. In my opinion kind of a weird combination and the anchovie taste was really strong even though there were only 2 pieces in it but I asked Alex for some chopped bacon and extra dressing which made it much more edible. Then came my filet which was perfect!!!! I mean the flavor and tenderness was out of this world. I ordered it medium well and the center was a bit too medium for me so as the manager was walking by I asked if it could be cooked up just a bit and in less than 2 minutes there was my filet on a brand new plate with new watercress garnish and everything. I really love watercress so I loved that the appetizer and entree were garnished with it. For dessert I had the carrot cake and key lime pie. The carrot cake is delicious and I am usually not a fan of sweets but the texture and flavor and icing were perfect...a party in my mouth. I also ordered a palm beach passion martini by Alex's recommendation and it was really really delicious so fresh and crisp yet sweet also. I give four stars because Alex couldve been a bit more attentive and the steak needed to be cooked up but I enjoyed myself and I do think its worth the price. Although I did notice the dining room was quite empty so perhaps everyone was at another steakhouse for dinner?!4 Stars for this particular Morton's - not the whole chain (which I'd give 3 or 3.5 Stars).
Server was the best I have EVER had.  And I have been to a LOT of restaurants in a LOT of places a LOT of times.  Ever since I had the pleasure of being this man's customer several years ago, I have held all other servers to his standard.  Prior to this experience, I did not know how good service could be.
What made him so good, you ask?  He was incredibly eloquent, intelligent, personable, well-trained, professional, funny, respectful, respectable, unpretentious, classy, quick-witted, knowledgeable, helpful, neat in appearance, rather handsome actually, attentive without being intrusive, had a perfect memory, had swift but unhurried and graceful movement, and was able to anticipate my needs before I did.  He orchestrated my experience into a seamless masterpiece of perfection.
The food was good, but the service was EXTRAORDINARY - almost unbelievably so.  This man gave me new respect for the profession when it is truly mastered as this individual had mastered it.  I have yet to see anyone come close to his level.Ambiance was great, but the food was very bland. I love Morton's in NYC, but this location needs to hire a new chef.I'm struggling whether to give Morton's a 2 or a 3. I settled for a 3 because the ahi tuna tower appetizer really was delicious. However, I came for the steak.. and the steak was disappointing. 
We had 3 different types of Cabernet. The Jordan was my favorite. The Ahi Tuna Tower was rare tuna on top of a bed of avocado & wanton crackers. I ordered a medium cooked 8oz filet. My steak, as well as everyone else at the table who ordered medium all received medium-well. Disappointing. The brussel sprouts, sauteed spinach and mac & cheese were delicious. Other than that I wasn't entirely impressed with what I expected to be a high quality steak house.I was truly not impressed by Mortons steakhouse. I feel mislead by the "prestige" of this restaraunt. I think some reviews are the root of my confusion as they are a little overdone sort of like the steak I ordered. As a whole the service was great but service doesn't supercede the quality of a meal in my opinion. I really left this place wanting more and that holds especially true because for 2 people I was $300 poorer.The steaks were divine, and I was sorry for being a stuck-in-my-fav-steakhouse-rut and not trying the Philly Morton's sooner.  We had a fabulous dinner, from the perfectly-prepared filet to the perfect dessert.  Not one bad comment on the entire meal, except the decor.  Morton's is screaming for a remodel.  The decor reminded my of a cheap cruise ship or casino restaurant.  I will definitely return, but I will need dark glasses....Restaurant week:
Well cooked steaks, very classic food, but nothing very wow.
I had the Morton's salad, the fillet, green beans, mashed potatoes, and key lime pie.  The salad was good, though the ceasar looked like it might have been the better choice.  The steak was cooked very well, medium rare, it was a nice cut of meat.  The mashed potatoes and green beans were pretty similar to what I make at home.  The key lime pie was pretty good, and I was glad that they had key lime instead of other options.  
The decor is old, it looks like a dated casino in there.  This isn't something that I have a problem with, it's sort of what I expect steakhouses to be.  The kind of place that your father has been going to for years and nothing has changed. 
The service wasn't great.  Our server made an off color comment that we didn't particularly like.  He tossed the bill on the table without a word.  The others that filled water and collected plates were nice enough, but he was a bit off.  I didn't understand it, especially when the place was near empty on a Monday night.The first time I had gone to Morton's was 15 years ago, and it was amazing. Because of that experience, my friend got me 2x $50 gift cards for my 40th, so I took my wife there for a date night.
After a fantastic meal 15 years ago, I was extremely disappointed in my return trip. I ordered a cajun ribeye at the recommendation of our server, and au gratin potatoes and sauteed spinach and mushrooms for sides. The steak was decent, but I'm not sure what was really cajun about it. My wife ordered a combination that included a 6 oz. filet, 2 bacon wrapped scallops, and 3 grilled shrimp. She asked for her filet to be cooked medium, and it was medium rare at best. The scallops were decent, but the shrimp were inedible, as they were not deveined. Seriously, how bush league is that? You pay $50 for an undercooked piece of meat, 2 scallops and 3 disgusting shrimp. 
Morton's Steakhouse is extremely overpriced, especially for the quality.You can do better than this. You can do better than this at a chain. You can do better than this at a chain in Philadelphia.
Everything besides the steak is an afterthought at Morton's. Which, I suppose, is an improvement over the Cheesecake Factory, where everything including the cheesecake is an afterthought. 
Maybe I was served the display version of the tuna tartare. I wouldn't say it wasn't fresh. But I also wouldn't say it was very fresh. And the weird balsamic garnish tasted like it'd had been developed in an industrial silo in north New Jersey. I would not be surprised to see it debuting on shelves at Acme or Price Chopper soon.
The steak, as I said, was good. Yes, at that price, good. The sides offered me the opportunity to eat something other than steak. Which, in the case, of the onions [?], appeared to be wan little rubber bands.
I can't go lower than two stars. I may have had an unmemorable meal (paid for by someone else, mercifully), but it wasn't necessarily bad.Morton's Steakhouse was on point during restaurant week. A perfectly cooked single cut filet mignon, with salad and dessert for $35. Pair it up with a decent red wine, cannot beat it. 
I ordered Morton's salad less the anchovies. It was OK. Next time I would go with caesar salad though. Not a huge fan of the dressing. 
The filet mignon was tender, juicy, and cooked medium rare. It was more toward the rarer side, which I actually prefer. It was accompanied by béarnaise sauce, which was a little sweet for my taste, but still good. 
Our group shared sides. We got two sides of asparagus. I recommend the one with balsamic. Hollandaise tastes a little like béarnaise, so having that on the asparagus was kind of over kill. The steak fries were awesome in their simplicity. The potatoes were OK. The potatoes had onions mixed in, which is a nice touch. I am more of a fan of potatoes au gratin.
The key lime pie is the best. Defiantly did not need it, but was glad to sample it. The double chocolate mousse is also good. But I don't think it is double chocolate. Why not call it quadruple chocolate. Chocolate is chocolate. The naming convention does not make sense to me. Either desert will not disappointment. It just depends if you are key lime or a chocolate fan.
The service was excellent. Some times during restaurant week you expect the servers at more expensive restaurants to be kind of arrogant, but this was not the case. The only thing is our server had a man crush on my friend, which was entertaining. He would focus all conversations toward him and occasionally put his hand on his shoulder. HILARIOUS. 
Go here on restaurant week! Recommend. (They also have some regular menu specials, which I was unaware that are a good deal.)The entry is one floor and the restaurant on another. This in itself is not an issue, but a restaurant that charges $45 and up for a steak and everything else is alacarte could do better. There should be a better way to greet customers.
I ordered a simple Bud Light - it was served warm. Blech! I asked for another and it was warm too. I drank it that way.  
I ordered a filet mignon, a Morton's salad and a baked potato. I ordered the steak medium rare. The salad was reproved first, as it should be, but it huge. I hate wasting food, but this salad was as large as a lettuce patch.  I know they think that is part of the schtick, but it is just dumb. 
My steak was served well, rather than medium well. I ate it that way and it was fined.  Good quality.  But, a steak house should be able to deliver a medium well steak the first time. 
My baked potato was great, the service was good, and of course the carrot cake was wonderful. 
I had coffee at the end of the meal and did not get offered a refill.  
The decor and cleanliness of the bathroom left a lot to be desired.
Since one of our suppliers was paying the bill I did not complain and it is the reason I give them a 3 instead of a 2. If this had been a lower cost place I would give them a 5, but my expectations for a place like this are much higher.All in all, great experience at Morton's a few weeks ago. When I made the reservation online I mentioned in the comments that the dinner was for a birthday. At the restaurant, the hostess and waiter both made it a point to wish happy birthday. They gave us a dessert for free and even took a took a picture of us (and printed it out for us!). It was above and beyond. The food was delicious and we had a great time here. The only negative was that the restaurant was oddly empty for a Thursday evening - there was only a handful of tables in the whole restaurant.Went here on  Sunday evening around 9 PM while vacationing in Philly over the Labor Day weekend.  The palce was quiet given a holiday weekend and late into the night.  Nonetheless, we had  great meal, friendly service and perfect cocktails/wine.
Our server was wonderful. Very helpful and even gave us sightseeing tips.  The fopod was amazingly good.  Filets like butter and all the veggies were hot and delicious.  The salads were fresh and bountiful. Cheesecake for desert was heavenly as was their coffee!
The manager also stopped by and chatted us up. She was very friendly and welcoming as well.  
We will go back onour next trip to Philly!Got a couple hundred dollars burning a hole in your pocket? Do you like spending a lot of money on good food? Head to Mortons Steakhouse!
We recently went here for a friends birthday party. We had to get the 2 person, $50 per dinner deal because we just weren't balling enough to be able to order off of the regular menu. Listen.....SERIOUSLY expensive. A steak, with no sides, no salad, no dessert, no ANYTHING, will run you $55. Add some asparagus and a gin and tonic, and youre hovering in the $100 range. The "deal" came with a salad, a "smaller" steak and 2 sides. All the food was delicious and I strongly recommend the sauteed mushrooms. The drinks were good, and our server was very knowledgeable, although he seemed a little annoyed at our group ordering the special.
I hate writing reviews so long after visiting an establishment because I forget all the nuances and details that make a good review, but I just hope to convey the gist of the place with this review. The important things you should take away are: this place is good, but you are going to ABSOLUTELY pay for it. We all chipped in to pay the birthday girls meal, and with that, plus our food and drinks, it was over $120 A PERSON! Yikes.
I personally won't go back, if for no other reason than the fact that the price is way out of line with what you get. When you go to Fogo De Chaos and drop $50, you get fed like a king and waited on hand and foot. At Mortons, you get a ribeye. Its a delicious ribeye, but the markups here are insane; sides for $12, drinks for $17, salads for $10....its just not THAT good. I've spent $100 at the Mosholu and been ok with it. I left Mortons feeling like I had just been raped. Its a shame because this STEAKHOUSE has excellent STEAK, and thats what youre there for, but everything else they do seems to sabotage their own cause.We went here to celebrate a special event. To say this place has gone downhill is an understatement! The decor hasn't changed in over 15 years. The carpet looks dingy and dirty, and not even the dim lighting can hide it.  The food - I had a chopped salad that was soggy, and the lobster macaroni that tasted like it was doused in two pounds of butter.  Awful. Finally, the server made a big deal in bringing out a dessert with sparklers and making a show of it all. Very nice, we thought.  Wrong - when we looked at the bill, we noticed that they charged $18 for this dessert that we had not even requested. Really? Typically it would be COMPLIMENTARY.  Never going back. Do yourself a favor and go to Capital Grille or the Palm.I love this restaurant, we dine here quite often and have never had a bad meal or experience. My husband loves the steak which he says is perfectly cooked not needing any A-1. I always get the shrimp Alexander which is a broiled shrimp in some kind of butter cream sauce that melts in your mouth.the sides are huge meant to share and the wait staff is attentive and knowledgable.only eat half of your meal because you must save room for the GREAT desserts. My fav is the molten chocolate cake this is so good you may want to order it before your meal. My husband says the apple pie is just as good if not better since he has had both desserts.The service was impeccable.... it was quite empty for a Friday night, but at least it was nice and quiet. We did the $40 deal - 6oz filet, green beans, salad, and dessert. The steak was cooked perfectly - tender and juicy. The green beans were sauteed with a nice garlic flavor, not overpowering and not overly oily. The chocolate mousse was light and fluffy with a deep, rich chocolate flavor. Yum.Kind of mediocre, unfortunately. We ordered the crab cakes and the Cajun ribeye, with a side of the sour cream mash. The crab cakes were very good. I ordered the steak medium-rare, but it came out almost blue. I'm fine with rare and am not someone to send food back, so I ate it anyways. Regardless of temperature, the steak was somewhat bland. Neither of us could tell that it had been marinated. The mashed potatoes were also pretty normal; they needed some salt and pepper. The glasses of wine that we ordered were fair, and my sazerac was pretty good. The best part of our meal was the Italian coffee. Besides that, our waiter was very attentive. However, the check-ins by staff got to an almost comical number; our waiter, the hostess, and the manager all checked-in with us multiple times. Overall, a pretty "eh" experience.The best thing about this place was our server Mikey, in the bar area. He was very friendly, funny and made us delicious drinks.   Unfortunately he was not the chef.  We ordered oysters, escargot, and  Shrimp Alexander for appetizer...  The oysters were tiny and had a fishy after taste.  The escargot was ok.... It had a fatty piece of bread over each piece which I also found weird.  The shrimp Alexander seemed like it was deep fried and made me feel like im eating at a fast food chain restaurant.  
For entree we had filet mignon which I ordered in medium.  The steak was really below par.... Ive had better in a back yard bbq. It  didnt seem to be marinated at all  and It tasted like plain dry meat with no flavor.  
This place is priced like a 5 star, high end steak house but definitely does not compare to the top tier restaurants.
I would never come here again for dinner but would consider coming here for happy for Mikey to make us some of his great drinks.Dark, Mahogany tables and waiters and waitresses in suits and ties. Yes this is your classic steak house. 
But for some reason I feel that Ruth's Chris, Barclay Prime or Smith & Wollensky is a better choice. Perhaps Morton's is old-school like Prime Rib.
They have fancy smancy presentations of salads and some of their better cuts, and the waiter even brings over the live lobster to show it to you. Vegetarians be warned.
Also they have a ton of sides, but the aforementioned restaurant, while a smaller selection, carries better-tasting sides.I often go to Morton's because of my meetings with clients. It's not as upscale as Barclay Prime, but they have good choices of menu.  I tried their cocktail shrimps and steak.  The server was well trained and showed different types of meats, and etc.  To me, considering the quality you get, the price seems a little bit high.  However, food is pretty OK to good and ambiance is not extremely sophisticated.This was our very first visit to Morton's and we will definitely be back.  The atmosphere is absolutely wonderful.  We were celebrating a birthday and they went over and above - personalized menus, a framed photo, complimentary dessert.  Very unexpected.
Our server was friendly and knowledgeable.  For some reason, I cannot remember his name right now.  He was MIA once it got busy though.  He came over when the food came out and then didn't check on us until we were all done our food.  
Our steaks were all cooked to perfection - porterhouse, NY strip the special Wagyu NY strip.  The crabmeat cocktail and escargot appetizers were delicious.My husband and I went here for our anniversary. Their customer service is awesome!  From the moment we walked in the door and were greeted by the hostess, we felt welcome. It's the little things. Like they were aware it was our anniversary so we had a special menu that said Happy Anniversary that we kept as a keepsake. 
Now to the food. Up until we have frequented another steakhouse. The food here is just as good. Everything I ate was delicious. So like I said it's the little things that make a difference and that is why this will now be our new steakhouse of choice. They even took our photo and signed it Happy Anniversary. 
Customer service - Bo, our waiter, was awesome. He had a great personality and was very attentive and helpful. In fact, all of the staff was very friendly and helpful.Another restaurant week disappointment. We've been to the ones in Atlantic City and New York and they were fantastic. The Philadelphia location however was not. Both of our steaks were undercooked, and there is nothing worse than sending steaks back at a high level steakhouse such as Morton's.Absolutely the best steakhouse in Philadelphia. Ambiance is very Metropolitan. Service is top shelf, servers are so attentive. Upon entering everyone is greeted by the General Mgr. Steve McGrath, who goes above and beyond to insure a fabulous dining experience. Bartender Tomas, makes a great Martini! We celebrate most family milestones there and have never been disappointed.  Hopefully you'll enjoy it as much as we do !So after a day hanging out at Mahogany smoking cigars and drinking booze we decided to grab a bite to eat. The question was, where to go. Haven't had a good steak in awhile. While at Mahogany, we had someone suggest going to the Capital Grille. Wasn't feeling it. So, my good friend suggested we hit Morton's. 
Now, I've been to almost every steakhouse out there, but for some reason I've never been to Morton's. So, no time like the present. My first impression is, what is with the stairs? Seemed like we had to walk up 3 flights to get to the lobby/host area. Finally make it to the top and we are warmly greeted by the host. He immediately seats us. Our water cups are filled and they put out this huge loaf of bread with butter on the table. The bread was a perfect mix of a soft chewy center and a nice crisp crust. Excellent. Then our waiter came on by with the food tray. The waiter described every cut of meat, the seafood offerings, and one of the largest lobsters I've seen quite awhile. 
And by the way, just an observation, but it seems as though they have an all male waitstaff. And they are as good as it gets service wise. Our waiter was witty, quick with suggestions and just on point the entire dinner. After dinner, my friend forgot his card. We noticed this when we were just about at the corner of 16th and market. So, we turned around to head back to the restaurant and bam, there was our waiter with my friends card. Talk about service. Yes, we tipped him good. But I digress....
Since I'm a creature of habit, you guessed it, I ordered the filet. But first, as an appetizer, I had Colossal Shrimp Alexander based on our waiters recommendation. It was delicious. The shrimp was cooked exactly right. Not rubbery at all which many restaurants tend to do with shrimp of that size. They were absolutely huge. Only 3 on the plate but if they put any more on there it would have completely ruined my dinner. Then, the main course. 
My perfectly cooked filet with bernaise sauce and a baked potato. The steak was absolutely delicious. Again, cooked exactly as I asked (medium) and it tasted like steak should. They let the meat speak for itself. Very little seasoning. Just the way it was intended to be. The potato was, well, a potato. Huge and covered in butter and bacon. Yum indeed. 
For dessert I had the creme brulee with strawberries. Excellent. The sugar was perfectly torched and it had that crunch when I dived in with my spoon. Great ending to the meal.
Now, I'll warn you (not that you need the warning), in my opinion, it was insanely expensive. Dinner for the two of us was almost $300 with the tip. Now, we did order a bottle of wine (which was a special Pinot Noir @ $45 a bottle) and 2 drinks. But damn, wasn't expecting it to be that much. However, it was completely worth it. There are few things in this world that are better than having an amazing dinner prepared for you and the company of a great friend. Yes you can find cheaper steaks in the city. But few restaurants provide the level of service that you'll find at this particular Morton's. Definitely worth trying at least once.We attended a medical conference here and the food was very satisfying and the steaks were excellent. We had the double porterhouse steak and it was ginormous, enough to feed three people.  The jumbo lobsters were really fresh and buttery delicioso. We only could choose from key lime pie and the cheesecake, I will definitely try the legendary hot chocolate cake next time I dine!Well, I went here last night as a guest of a vendor who was schmooze-ing me.  I am not a huge steak guy but I know the difference between medium and medium-well. I ordered medium but as you can probably guess it came out medium-well.  Before I could even tell that it was over cooked I had to send it back because they forgot the Oscar Style preparation that I had ordered. That's the bad. The good is that even though the steak was over-cooked it was amazingly tender and delicious. I didn't bother to send it back because I honestly didn't want to cause a scene. The rest of the meal was excellent. The oysters were awesome. The desert....well amazing.  I have no idea how much the meal cost but I can assure you that I spared none of the vendors expense to get a great meal.  If I had been using my own money I would probably have sent the steak back and I am positive that it would have been handled smoothly and without hassle.  Excellent waitstaff.  If that steak had been cooked perfect this would have been a 5-star review.No matter what major city you go to the Morton's is excellent. The food, winelist and service are great. I was treated especially nice at the Philly Morton's as I was dining alone. Complimentary dessert and glass of port. Nice touchThis was a wonderful meal.  The filet was delicious. I eat filet at most of the good restaurants I visit and this was one of the best.  Be aware though that you will lay down some serious money for a meal here.  I went about $20 over my expense account limit and only drank water.  They did give me a complimentary liquor pour at the end, which I thought was a nice touch.  The service was good but everyone talked in almost a whisper.  I had to strain to hear what they were saying.