It's very expensive compared to Kyoto Sushi Bar. And if I had to choose I would go to Kyoto just because the taste is just as good over there for about 2-3 less the price. I enjoyed my stay at Makiman though. They didn't rush us to leave and the waiters/waitresses were polite. The place is quaint and very small, but very clean.
I ordered the Shrimp Tempura Dinner @ 15.95$. The shrimp tempura dinner was all fried onto a plate and had 3 shrimp tempura, 2 pieces fried broccoli , 3 fried sweet potato, and 1-2 fried carrot. I thought it was O.K. just frying of it made it taste good. It also came with brown rice (your choice of brown rice or white), miso soup(which was delicious) and some sort of sour salad(probably lemon). The Tempura sauce was really delicious though. I dipped everything in that sauce, just amazing. 
I also ordered the Spider roll which didn't taste as amazing as the first time I went ( rather it tasted o.k. not great at all). It was 5 regular sized sushi roll pieces for 9$. Very expensive. 
The look of both of my meals were very pretty and exquisite, but I think if I go again I would only getting the Miso soup by itself and maybe something other than sushi because of the price for 5 pieces of sushi ranging from $6-12. And also ask for tempura sauce if they allow it.Every time I go here, I'm always impressed with the sashimi. Cut and plated nicely, and always fresh and delicious. The rolls are pretty interesting, there is something for everyone there. I've gotten take out as well, which is also really nice to enjoy sometimes.  Everyone is friendly and I always leave happy I went there. Highly recommended.Name is the different, everything else is the same. It's called Mr Sushi. It's still good.Best sushi joint in NEphilly- I just love this place as I live around the corner and have been coming here for years- it's on the smaller size but it's never been an issue for me. There is no way I could see anyone being disappointed here - 5 stars all day from me!!! They take custom sushi orders too - highly recommend it!Ordered take out sushi and the staff was nothing but helpful, quick, and nice. I got the spicy tuna roll and a Sixers roll, both were delicious! I would go again!I like sushi and I like good service and I get that here.  I have nothing bad to say about this place.  Its cute and small and personal with great service....come on lets go here againWe sat at the bar. We wanted to. We were able to watch our sushi being made! Always fun to watch! The sushi chef is a pro (joey) he didn't even use a roller (not from my recollection at least!) we ordered the mcnabb, eel with eel sauce, tempura deluxe, captain crunch with spicy tuna on top (sunrise roll?) and spider roll! Joey and his assistant were so nice! He conversed with  us and even gave us a modelo to sip on AND offered us a corona after! Pretty swell! I'd go back and back again! Service was awesome!I LOVE Makiman. Some of the best sushi I have ever had, and that's really surprising, considering it's in NE Philly. Haven't had anything bad here. I highly recommend the Capt 'n' Crunch roll and the Spider roll, and my absolute fave, the spicy salmon. Tempura is delicious, soup is great and green tea ice cream for dessert-bangin. Plus, the place is BYOB, and has all you can eat Mondays. Awesome awesome place.I love Makiman Sushi! It's great that such a great sushi restaurant exists in Northeast Philadelphia. The atmosphere is great for a nice quiet night out. They also have takeout and their delivery is super fast. I think it takes them longer to drive to my house than it does to make the sushi. The Capt n' Crunch roll is out of this world. I highly recommend it!I went here last night to meet a friend who lists this restaurant in her "to go to" sushi places. The menu looked extensive and the prices looked great. We started dinner with salad and miso (both of which were included in the boat that we ordered). The salad is the typical sushi house salad with the citrus dressing that there is always too much of. The miso, while very cloudy and beige in appearance, was very flavorful.
The boat came out and was stuffed with food. We ended up getting the part boat 1 with a sashimi deluxe and an eagles roll. As I started eating a little bit of disappointment started creeping in. The tuna was fatty (and not in a good fatty tuna way) and everything had skin on it, even the salmon. The rolls were huge and unique and you definitely got a lot for your money.
The finale of the evening was 3-4 star worthy and that was the green tea tempura ice cream. I was expecting like chi-chis fried ice cream but this was so much better. Thick tempura layer with yummy melty ice cream and strawberries - oooh I could honestly go back just for that.
So to recap - not the best sushi ever, rolls were fair to good, but ice cream was awesome.One of my co-workers brought sushi into work today & it got me craving some California rolls & Kani. For hours I sat there thinking about dinner counting down to quitting time. Since I moved here a couple months ago & haven't had the chance to get to a sushi resturant because the hubby won't eat it I didn't know where to go. I saw this place in passing & decided to give it a shot. The waitress was very pleasant & helpful & put my order in quickly. There were no customers in the whole place which should have given me the heads up but I gave it a shot anyways. The food came out quickly (not a suprise since I was the only 1 there) and I took the food home to enjoy. I was pretty disappointed with the food. For some reason it just didn't taste very good. This was probably some of the most tasteless sushi I have ever had & I am now sitting here questioning how fresh it was. It didn't smell funny but it didn't taste like sushi I have had in the past. The only reason I gave this 3 stars was for the service or it would have gotten 1 star. Major disappointment sorryI love this place! Food is always good, staff are always very nice and helpful, and they're byob! What more could you ask for? They even deliver! I moved from this neighborhood last year, and I miss this place. If you can, take advantage!Still going strong as a good sushi place to eat at in fox chase area. I parked right beside the restaurant but it said wendys or temple parking only. Parked there for 1.5 hours without consequence. The lunch special was a great deal, but I guess once you add in the tip its not really saving money anymore haha. Im not sure if you can take out the lunch special, but I am guessing not. Great and efficient service, and nice people there.My initial reaction to the exterior was that it looked a bit seedy, however, the inside did not disappoint. The AC was on blast and the restaurant was relatively quiet and very relaxing. 
The food is reasonably priced, and very good!! The menu is extensive and well put-together, and even has pictures to go along with everything. The waitresses are extremely friendly and are not overbearing. I have been to this spot a couple times already, and I'll definitely be coming back! :)Def go to Makiman if you're in north east philadelphia. No other sushi place could beat this place!This restaurant is delicious for lunch.  The restaurant is not closed for business.
Terrific lunch and I ate lunch there on 6/27/16.  Not sure why Yelp indicated it was closed.   Change it!Humble exterior is nothing super impressive.  Interior is smallish but I've never waited for a seat.  Service is excellent.  Sushi is fresh, well-made, and moderately priced.  After the initial visit I visited four or five times in a month.  Great specials for lunch and some great roll options.  Good spot, great staff, excellent sushi.I have to get this out first - you must try the Sixers! Mmmm!! My sister brought me here and said she mostly goes just for the Sixers. Now I know why! 
Also had the caterpillar which was deeeeelishhhh as well!! 
As for the decor, it isn't all that fancy but it feels nice and homey. 
Definitely a good place to return to :)
Oh also, they have this points reward thing. If you accumulate 25 (?) points, you get a free meal! And that's always good news to moi. ;D just save the bottom of the receipt.The best, freshest, most reasonable Sushi in NE Phila. Wait staff is attentive and pleasant. BYOB and relax. If you like Sushi this is the place to go.Great Maki, nice lil sushi spot, nice enough to dine in and eat and very affordable prices. I love Makiman SushiGot the bi bim bap and an eel + cucumber roll to go. The bi bim bap, like most (all?) entrees, came with soup and salad. All the food was fresh and delicious. I will be back if I am in the area!I was never a huge sushi fan.  It kind of goes back to when I was six and had some salmon and then...yada, yada, yada...I don't eat any seafood except for tuna fish from a can for the next 15 years.
Peer pressure from several directions got me past the whole raw fish gross out thing and now I actually enjoy sushi.  It's not often my first choice and I'm not usually the one to recommend getting it, but I'll go along and I'll happily eat my crunchy spicy tuna rolls or try some eel rolls because I'm adventurous like that.
Makiman is the exception.  I will suggest going there.  Often.  And now that they've got All You Can Eat on Mondays - rules and restrictions apply, inquire within - it's even better than before.
On my most recent visit, I started off with my standby spicy tuna roll, with spicy tuna and avocado, and one more risky (for me) roll: the Cap N Crunch.  This tempura roll has shrimp, which isn't my favorite, but it was outstanding.  In fact, we finished the night with another one because it was so good.  Also tried the Tropical (mango), Korean (kimchi), Tiger (white tuna) and Oshinko (pickled radish...interestingly good).
The staff is nice and the service is good.  Our waiter couldn't remember some of the ingredients in one of the rolls so he finished the description off with "meow, meow, meow" and went to find out.
When you're ordering the All You Can Eat, make sure you're hungry or ordering the more expensive rolls.  At $28/person, it would be easy to not get your money's worth.  And when you're done at Makiman, head across the parking lot to Custard's Last Stand.I have been going to Makiman for about 8 years. It is always great! Some of my favs are the TO no mo! roll which has another name now that T. Owens is not with the eagles.But the service is good, the place is clean and the food is delish!!! The cap n crunch is wonderful, and my kids go crazy for the eel. I never have been disappointed.Tried Makiman last night, and I've found my new favorite sushi spot! We decided to drop in on Valentine's night and literally every table in the place was reserved. Luckily there were 2 seats open at the sushi bar. Although the place is small, I was impressed that so many people had made reservations. During the hour we were there, at least 10 people came to pick up take out orders. To me, these things are signs of a solid restaurant with loyal customers. 
We decided not to do the all you can eat sushi because it was kind of expensive ($27pp) and not worth it for me who only eats three rolls usually. As many Yelpers suggested, we tried the Captain Crunch Roll... soo happy we did. It was AWESOME. Totally different and delicious flavor. All of our rolls were fresh, well made, and tasty. I couldn't have been happier. My husband got the tempura, which was kind of greasy for my liking. 
Although the place was really busy, our servers were attentive. My only complaint is that I ordered the tuna/avacado roll ($6) and they gave me the tuna on tuna roll ($12), but I didn't complain. In fact, the tuna on tuna was so good that I'm kind of glad they made the mistake since I wouldn't have ordered it otherwise. Overall, I had an awesome meal and cannot wait to go back.I lovve their sushi. Ive been here atleast 3 times. The sushi is great. The service is excellent. This a place worth going to. Very clean, and organized.This sushi place is fantastic! The sushi quality is divine. I have not tasted better sushi in the area. Mr. Sushi is kind of hidden behind the Wendy's and for first- timers, it could be a little hard to find! It's a tiny little sushi place with a clean and modern atmosphere. They have nice specials for lunch but even the dinner prices aren't bad! 
The place is BYOB so don't forget your sake!The sashimi was delicious and fresh and tender. I had a really unique dish called Bi Bum Bip or something like that! It featured six kinds of vegetables, really tender shredded beef, and a fried egg on top. You combine it with white rice and Sriracha sauce. It was very different from anything I've had in other Japanese restaurants, and I appreciate when a restaurant offers something new or atypical. The waitress was very, very nice. The presentation of the food was awesome too. My boyfriend had a sushi "party boat" that came in a very large boat-shaped vessel. 
I don't know why anyone would complain about the prices, unless they have never eaten in a Japanese restaurant before. Japanese restaurants, especially when you order sushi, are always more expensive than say, an American chain restaurant. I thought the prices here were fine. 
Also, the restaurant is small, but it feels cozy and private, rather than cramped. All in all, it was a pleasant meal!!I've never had the sushi here but I always get the teriyaki chicken and it's always perfectly seasoned and served with yummy steamed veggies. My fiancé has tried their Viking roll as well and he is always pleased with the taste and freshness. I like that the dining area is small and intimate and that it's a byob. It's a cute little place to go to kill off a bottle of wine. Oh, and the staff here has always been nothing but friendly and helpful. Overall it's a nice date night spot!All of their food is great. They have many vegan options. Their amazing salad dressing is the best. Beautiful presentation and fair pricing. The have never disappointed me.Came here for lunch with my coworker who is a regular here.  She gave a glowing recommendation and I was not disappointed.
I had a 76ers roll which was very tasty, and we shared some "quesadilla-like" flat noodles which were very good.  My coworker had never had it before, and like it a lot.
I would come back here anytime.  Small place.We have only ever gotten delivery, but the service is quick. We have ordered California rolls, spicy tuna rolls, and salmon avocado rolls, as well as teriyaki beef with broccoli. Good food. Will continue to order delivery from them when I have a sushi craving!You ever bite into some sushi and feel like you're riding a dragon under the warm summer setting sun!? No? Well come eat some of this sushi! It's so good! I don't love around the area but I travel to this place anytime of the day because it's so delicious! The price is fair. Nice chill atmosphere and great service!This little sushi restaurant is a gem! It's the perfect size and decorated just right. I will only eat sushi from Makiman, I don't trust any other place. Their fusion rolls are to die for. I love that they make everything in front of you and everyone is always so pleasant. The owner is great, I've even seen him working with the other workers when times got busy.  If I had the money, I'd eat here probably a couple times a week. :)Best dam sushi in the NE. Don't need to say anything else. Byob is always a winner. The take out points are awesome.Quality place in North East. Good food, nice interior.Thought their site says they deliver within 3 miles, I called for delivery (being 2.9 miles according to Google Maps) and was informed the driver doesn't feel like driving to my neighborhood. Thanks so much. Maybe they should update their delivery standards to say, "within three miles, if we like your neighborhood or feel like it."This sushi place is fantastic! The sushi quality is divine. I have not tasted better sushi in the area. Makiman is kind of hidden behind the Wendy's and for first- timers, it could be a little hard to spot! It's a tiny little sushi place with a clean and modern atmosphere. They have nice specials for lunch but even the dinner prices aren't bad! 
The place is BYOB so don't forget your sake!It's been at Five Points for a million years. We mostly get delivery, it's great. Prompt service, fresh fish, good prices.Best sushi in the northeast!!
Ex girlfriend roll is a definite as well as the tuna nachos for an app. 
BYOBEverything was really . . . sweet?
The soup and salad were weirdly sweet and the teriyaki entrees were even sweeter. The clam soup tasted the same as the soup in the udon and the ginger sauce for the salad was okay. The sushi was alright, I've had better in Brooklyn. The tuna and salmon were very mushy, kinda made me feel sick. Overall, I don't understand why this place has such high ratings . . .When one lives in the suburbs - even close in suburbs like Wyncote it's just a given that few restaurants are as good as in the city - even if a place is actually in Philly.
Makiman is an exception.We have been eating here for years and they are consistently good - from sushi and sashimi to tempura, seaweed salad (hyper yum!).
They have a roll they call valentine that's shaped like a heart and made with pink soy wrappers rather then nori.  My wife can't stand nori but loves valentine and other things in soy wrapper so this might be a good deal for those who don't like nori and think they don't like sushi...
In the winter they have (I guess all year but I just eat it in the winter) Bi Bim Bop in a stone pot which is great because you get a lot of different stuff (beef, an egg, veggis etc) in one dish and the hot pot makes the rice that is in the bottom of the pot nicly crispy.
Service is always fine and it's BYOB.  I think that while it might not be Sagami it's very good and woth many visits.I've had lots and lots of sushi and I have to say that this is one of the top places Ive been too. The asian waiters actually understand you too! The food is great and extremely fresh. The presentation of the food is nice as well!Best sushi in the area, the price is okay but for the taste, it is worth it.
Very small restaurant, but cozy. The only downside about this is that the selections are smaller as well, they have a very small selected section for sashimi. The sashimi is pretty much typical like any other places.We were looking for a restaurant close to home that we haven't tried and came upon Makiman Sushi. Thanks to the yelpers who gave it good reviews we chose to give it a try.
Our fellow yelpers didn't let us down. Makiman is very small (about 12 tables total) but has great food and service. Steve had the chicken teriyaki which came in a sizzling plate with vegetables and a plate of white rice on the side. I went for the 3 roll combo meal (I don't remember what it was called) and picked the California rolls, the Spicy tuna rolls and left the third choice to our waitress. It ended up being Eel. Steve thought I was crazy for letting her pick but actually really enjoyed the eel rolls.One of the better sushi shops in the NE Philly area. I love their captain crunch roll and the wide variety of rolls that they have here. But the price is sooo expensive. For the amount I usually pay I should hope to get a soup or salad or something but I guess when you are the best in the area you can afford to charge more.The place used to be better, last couple of times it has gotten worse.  Ikea furniture is not the most comfortable thing invented for restaurants, metal chopsticks are hip, but don't do a good job delivering food into my mouth (had to ask for wooden ones).
They do not seem to have a professional sushi chef there, but their rolls are great.  If you are looking for some flavorful creations, the place is for you.  If  you are looking for classic Japanese fare, there are better spots within 10 minute drive.
The prices do not reflect the quality, you are paying there more for the oomph, not for the food.Oh Makiman, words cannot express how much I love this place.
I've been coming here for years with my family and we cannot get enough of it. Their fish is super fresh and crazy good. 
Some of my favorites:
Seaweed salad with salmon skin- always fresh and the crunch of the salmon skin .. drooool
Sixers roll- If you're a tuna lover, this is your roll
Caterpillar roll- My "go to" when I'm in the mood for some eel & avocado. 
Fried green tea ice cream- need I say more?
They also have a option called "Choose your own" and you get to pick 3 rolls, salad, and miso soup for $17. Awesome deal! The hweduhbbab is a little small, for people who want the spicy rice with sashimi. 
This place is BYOB, so if you want to drink, bring it and they'll give you a bucket of ice and glasses for ya. It's also a small place, so if you plan on bringing a big group, be sure to make reservations.
LOVE LOVE LOVE! And now they have a place in Center City! WHOO!Excellent option for inexpensive sushi in the Oxford area. The sushi bar is very cool and the restaurant is very cozy.Have been going to the Oxford Ave Makiman since we moved here in 2007. Our local go-to place for good, fresh sushi. Delivery is a definite plus!
Sign out front has recently changed to Mr. Sushi.I've ordered from this place about 25 times in the past 3 months alone but have yet to step foot into the actual restaurant. So my review stands on delivery, phone service and prices alone! Just sayin'
Phone service is great, you tell them your address once, and given that your phone number doesn't change, they know you for life. (or for.. the past few months that I've called). No hassle about paying with card over the phone, and delivery is quick - 30 to 35 min.
The food is awesome. I usually get the sashimi regular, on really really fricken good days I'll get a sashimi deluxe. I've also tried sushi regular/deluxe, the pick your own (3 of your choice) rolls, and some appetizers. They've all been great.
I'm starting to move away from their sushi just cause the sashimi comes with a side of rice, and the fish seem fresher, thicker, juicer, etc. mmmmm, mmm. All of these meals also come with soup and salad, and duh, soy sauce and ginger.
The tempura was a bit soggy by the time it reached me, but that's alright - it's expected.
The prices.. are okay. For the quality of sushi, I won't complain. I'm sure there are some delivery fees assessed as well. Though I will say that I only order Makiman when I'm in the mood to 'treat myself' .. to a $25 dinner. (which apparently is damn often, sheesh)
I am a fan!This place is just ok.  They have weird name for the sushi and actually some of it taste weird.  Like the captain crunch roll.  I could not tell you whats in it but I do believe the cereal is in it.  Food isn't bad don't get me wrong.  You just can get better sushi elsewhere, and I don't mean those places that offer 50% off.  
Service is good and so is the atmosphere.  They don't try to push you out so they can turnover the tables.  This place is small though.  They offer a all-you-can eat sushi on Mondays.  Its about $30 per person.  You order off the menu card and its 3 items per round if you want to call it that.  Only thing is that everything must be eaten or they charge you $1 per item that is not when you are finished.  
Give they place a try if you like.  It ok, you might like it more than I did.
Happy Eating!!I've had sushi in Philadelphia, New York, Florida, California, Colorado, and many other states. Of all the sushi restaurants I've eaten at, I've never had any better than here. I eat here at least once a week if not more.I love this place! My favorite sushi place. The captain crunch roll is fantastic and the Philadelphia roll is always made perfectly. Their edamame is also delicious! Take out and sit in, both fresh and delicious.This place is underwhelming and really unmemorable.  All I do remember is how awkward the parking is.  Maybe cause we came in from the other side, but there is a median in the parking lot that makes it weird to park. 
The food is okay. As I recall, the rolls were pretty but I barely remember which ones we ordered.  I think it was the NE Viking, Sunburst, Macnabb and Yellow Stallion. I didn't like the yellow tail at all. Their spicy sauce is spicier than other places. 
This is also a BYOB.Valentine and ex-girlfriend rolls  I was pretty hungry (after spending a week in Europe, I was craving a nice filling meal) and could barely finish these! Also- the tuna nachos are delish. nice atmosphere good service good food- our go-to sushi place in the Northeast.Been here for the first time because a friend introduced me to the little sushi joint at the intersection of 5 point right off off rising sun and cottman ave. Let 's see, My wife and I finally had the chance to check out this place to see what's all the hype about and WOW.... This place is "FANTASTIC".. Ok at first we were a little skeptical about how small the place was and also in the same parking lot as wendy's fast food.It was a Wednesday night. SO... we got in the front door and had these men/sushi chefs shouting at us with a big warming welcome,  if your not used to this japanese tradition be prepared to be startled lol...So my wife is not the biggest sushi eater but...after that night we believe she has come to the darkside mu ha ha ha. We started off with a salmon skin salad and before we knew it the chef had prepared us a complimentary dish that had these avocado with some chips with tuna on top, something like orderv's "delicious".To the next dish, the sashimi deluxe,fish quality "superb" decoration and plating was so beautiful my wife didn't let me touch it before 5 pictures on her new iphone lol...we also had the sixers roll, dragon roll, crucnchy tuna roll, and the dynasty roll. man those were amazing,we also ordered the korean dish bi bop, they also serve korean hot dishes here and "we" love korean food as well....price is a +++++ here. Did I mention "BYOB" grab yourself some alcohol and sit down and enjoy the wonderful, delicious  food and big screen t.v. all n all this will me our regular sushi joint from now on.BYW thanx george!Excellent food, been here many times and was never dissapointed. I was recommended by my friends and came with them couple of time. Place is small but it still is cozy. The service were excellent, server were very attentive, and my fav California roll always tasted very yummyThe best sushi I've ever had...the spicy tuna is awesome! I love the tempura crunch they add to it.My review here is based solely on takeout.  I was not impressed.  My rolls were sooooo small.  It seemed like they tried their hardest to fit three rolls in one takeout container instead of making them normal size an putting them in a couple containers.
Three rolls coast me roughly $20.00 and I was left starving because they were sooo small.
nothing special either...maybe i should try eating in, take out was a bust.I was really a big fan of Mr. Sushi until today ! I usually do take out or delivery but this time I ate in. When my food was bought out to me it was a roach, ROACH crawling over my sushi. Those folks had the nerve to ask my co worker did her bring t from home. NASTY !Great local place. Stopped with kids for quick dinner. We ordered dumplings and agedashi tofu to start, followed by several rolls, chirashi, and a bowl of udon soup. All was great. Kids enjoyed and are sometimes picky. Great casual place, reasonably priced. Would come back again!After hearing about this place for a year or so I finally had the chance to check it out. I went with 3 friends. We all got something different and we were all quite happy with our meals. 2 of the 3 friends I dined with have been here before so I knew I was in for a treat.
Sure the place is small, but it's not an uncomfortable small. 
The metal chopsticks are better suited for those who are comfortable using them, although they do have 3 lines on them, which do help for better gripping. At least they do have wooden chopsticks as another option for customers!
My meal was delicious, from the salad to the specialty rolls! I love the ginger dressing they use and the more, the better! The miso soup was great, full of flavor and not salty at all. The rolls were so great! I got a spicy Tuna, Avocado/Cucumber, Salmon/Avocado and as a treat I wanted to try the Tuna on Tuna. The rice on all the rolls were so tightly packed & the fish was so fresh. The Tuna on Tuna was wonderful. The tuna just melted in your mouth! It was like BUTTAH! I love my sushi, but I did notice a lot of other interesting things on tables around me! The tempura looked wonderful! 
I had a lovely experience here and will most definitely be back. I made sure that I grabbed a menu for delivery as well (hoping they deliver far enough!).After living on the west coast and enjoying the AYCE top-grade sushi life for six years, we were really depressed to find that nothing on the east coast even came close. 
Until now. 
Service: 5/5
Fish quality: 4/5
Interior: 4/5
Price: 5/5
Options: 3/5
We've found our regular sushi place and will be back soon!Went here with a group of coworkers to celebrate my birthday on Thursday for lunch. This was my first time here and from the outside of the building I wasn't expecting much. However, inside turned out to be really nice. We had a group of 6 and pretty much everybody ordered the bento boxes. I had the teriyaki chicken which came with rice, two california rolls, cooked carrots, edamame, and broccoli (my favs), a salad with ginger dressing, two pork dumplings and two other dumplings, and a pretty little flower. There was definitely too much food for me to eat, but it was so pretty and presented so well that I had to take a picture. I also tried the tempura vegetables from someone else's bento box and they were also really tasty. I would definitely come back to Makiman. It's one of the more fancy restaurants in the area and it's refreshing not to have to stick with pizza, cheesesteaks, and chinese food as majority of nearby lunch options.I live around the corner from here for years, drove by it, never paid any mind to the place. On the outside it kinda of looks like a dirty house. But on the inside the place is beautiful. The dining room has beautiful wood seats and floors and a great sushi bar where you can watch your meal get prepared. There really is no restaurant like this in the NE. A great date spot. I like how all the chefs were fitted hats, I don't know why, it's just funny to me.
The sushi is fresh and delicious and there are fun rolls to try out along with some korean dishes that I've tried and loved as well. They do delivery but I've never ordered out and won't now that I'm not in the neighborhood anymore. Food can take a little while to get to the table and it's a little pricey but not too bad. It's a BYOB so bring some drinks and enjoy the food in this nice little spot.This used to b a great place to get sushi. I dont know if new management is the cause but Makiman has gone down a dirty slope into fishy hell. Service sucks. Food arrived cold. Tuna smelled like dead kittens.
Want good sushi?
Check out Ooka.
Like it Raw? Want to die?
Eat dead kitten tuna and say hello to Satan for me.This will probably be my go-to sushi spot in Northeast Philly. It's convenient, the food's okay, and the fish seems pretty fresh. Of the two times I've been here, I noticed they have way more take-out orders than they do dine-ins. So even if you walk in and it looks empty, notice how the kitchen and sushi bar are constantly churning out to-go orders, meaning high turnover rate on the fish.
//Food\\
The first time I tried this place, I didn't expect much. I was pleasantly surprised that their menu has some interesting rolls, and they served fresh tasting fish. They give nice thick slices of sashimi, which is about $1-$1.50 more than the nigiri sushi, depending on the fish. The place is Korean-run, so they also have some Korean menu items, but I haven't tried those. Also can't comment on kitchen items since I only ordered sushi. 
The rolls are mostly just okay. Nothing amazing. They also need to give more consideration to mouth texture. Like the Raw Viking, it's a big roll, so the texture is very noticeable. It's spicy tuna and avocado inside with salmon and tobiko on the outside with nothing to give it body or crunch, so it just chews like a giant roll of mush. A few of their rolls had this texture problem.
//Space\\
I noticed this place years before I ever tried it. I was always curious but never tried it because I just judged the food based on the outside. It's on a small, unattractive lot with an inconspicuous exterior and next to a Wendy's. So if you've seen this place on passing and thought the same, try going inside. It's a nice surprise.
You walk in, go up the steps, enter through another door and first see the sushi bar, then you turn right to the dining area and all of a sudden it's this charming blond timber dining area with a window. It's a totally different feel from the stark grimness of the outside lot. They could wipe off the soy sauce from some of the walls and switch some of the photos that came in the frames for actual photos/prints, but that would just be a bonus. Overall it's small, but you still have the option of sitting at the bar or at a table.
//Service\\
Service was okay. I think maybe we got a shy waitress. Overall, no one was overtly friendly, but they weren't rude either. They did their job, made sure our orders were right.
If you live in the Northeast, I definitely think you should give it a try, whether it's takeout or dine-in.I've been living in Foxchase for 10-11 years now and never step foot into Makiman sushi until last saturday.  I heard good things about it but always passed by this place.  Good sushi, service was catering, place is cozzy and cute, location is okay (they do have parking so thats good), and prices are affordable.  I got the sixers roll which was awesome, my girlfriend and I split 5 rolls, she had a ginger salad and I had a miso so which all came up to $56.  Pretty cheap!
I totally reccommend this place. I will be coming to this place more often now that I have finally tried it AND it down the street from my house! Can't beat that :)My go to Sushi spot from when they were actually called Makiman. The sunburst roll will always bring me back. It's delicious fresh and BYOB. Free parking and good service...what more could you possibly ask for. Just yummy.This place has the best sushi in Philly.  Definately the BEST in NE Philly.  I love the almond chicken, avacado salad, shumai, and the cap n crunch rolls. Those rolls are the best. Shrimp tempura is great too. The prices are reasonable and the quality is excellent. I highly recommend this place. Driving by you wouldn't think anything of it but once you are inside, you feel as though you are in one of the "trendy" restaurants in Olde City. The only difference is, you still have some money in your pocket after dinner is done to enjoy the rest of your night!I order from here often only because it's really the only sushi place in my area. Their sushi is nothing more than average. I've ordered yellowtail, spicy salmon and tuna rolls, and the spider roll - I was not a fan of either, the freshness just wasn't there. On a more positive note, their captain crunch roll is phenomenal! It's the only thing I am willing to order on a consistent basis from them.Reasonable for the area I guess. The sushi is acceptable when you're not in the mood to go too far from home. But the prices are definitely higher than they should be. Super convenient for delivery, and everyone is friendly. But it'll cost $50 for 2 people and that's way high considering the quality is merely adequate.My favorite sushi restaurant in Philly! :D
I've tried many sushi restaurants and Makiman is hands down the best I've been to. When it comes to sushi, I'm very anal about the rice/fish ratio, as well as the quality of fish (note: I love me some raw fishes). Nothing piss me off more than getting a roll with ton of rice and a pathetic amount of fish. But for Makiman, every maki and roll is packed with the freshest ingredients and you can definitely tell where'd every penny went to. The decor of this place isn't very exciting but it's definitely clean and cozy! 
My typical order would be Tuna Nachos for appetizer (amazing) and Pete's roll - if you've never tried white tuna, this is a must! Recently I've tried their Tuna-on-Tuna roll - the combination of fresh tuna and avocado is simply delicious, I died. It was so good that I wish I didn't have to share it with my friend. 
However, I took off one one star because their desserts are a let down. I've ordered fried ice cream on different occasions and they always came out mushy and not so fresh, as if they've made it for hours and just let it sit in the freezer. Not to mention the green tea ice cream they used taste like soap...so not worth the money you're paying for. The mochi ice cream is good, but I'm quite certain they're purchased from the Asian super markets because I used to buy them too but now they're becoming harder to find in the freezer isle. 
Overall, I really like Makiman and I'll continue to go there for my sushi cravings! The one located in center city is equally good too!Mr. Sushi, that once was Makiman sushi is consistently good. Fresh sushi, quick service and great "fusion" rolls. You also have the option to sit in and eat, they are BYOB. They also have a lunch menu that offers sushami, bento boxes, edemame etc.Adore the sushi here! Been going to them before the name change and has eaten there after the ownership changed, same quality of food. Have not been disappointedGreat sushi! Been here a few times and they've never disappointed on the food or service. The fact that's it's byob makes it even betterTheir Captain Crunch roll is always my go to. Lovely environment.. for lunch especially. Great customer service. I always feel that the staff is attentive and ready if I have a request. 
I've also ordered take out before and it was delicious!!This place is a calm rock in the middle of a really busy intersection. Overall, impressed with everything I ate. The wait service was very nice and the sushi bar is visible to watch the sushi chefs create the wonderful deliciousness you are about to consume! On mondays, there are all you can eat sushi nights. My friends and I tried 7 or so rolls as well as the unagi bi bim bop. The fish tastes fresh, and the quality is good (no stringness, and the cuts of fish are good). The sushi was sturdy, meaning when I picked it up with my chopsticks, the whole thing didnt fall to pieces, which I hate hate hate about low quality places. My favorite here is the unagi bi bim bop in the hot pot, phillies roll, as well as the capn crunch roll.
Overall a good experience, and I am sure to return.
minus one star for being a little pricey.I think I spent $1k the past two months at this place. Great food, great service.We've lost count of how many times we've been here. 
This location really helps bring up the dining out profile of the area, and delivers a Center City-quality establishment to the convenience and easy parking of Northeast Philly. Love them for that. Now we can get something nice to eat without getting on the expressway!
Go to Maki Man for: 
1) The McNabb roll (it's truly a food-gasmic experience)
2) The BYOB hell yeah-ness
3)The selection of creative and delicious fusion rolls
4) The friendly, laid back service and intimate atmosphere