Mr. Wish is an up and rising popular tea spot in the city with locations in the Northeast and Chinatown. I visited the Northeast location on bustleton, highly accessible. It was relativity busy considering that it was at an odd time in the afternoon on a Thursday. 
The decor is nice, clean and bright. The menu is very simplistic and I didn't feel overwhelmed with a multitude of options. I got the Wish special and the pineapple green tea with pulp. The special was a refreshing blend of tea and citrus flavors, light on the sweetness. And the pineapple green tea was a little too sweet for my tea but still very good. The drinks here taste very natural and opposite of the artificial flavors that you get from other tea places.
I will surely return!I love this place. The fruits tea is healthy and yet delicious. Would totally come againThis place is booomb! I recommend the Passion Fruit Green Tea and the Colorful Fruit Tea!Everything looks great! Fast service even though their usually a bit busy your literally in and out! Drinks are amazingly delicious! Must try!!!!I'm so glad I found this place in Philly, it's going to be my go-to-stop if I'm in the city. It's a nice, new, clean shop right on the corner of Race and 10th. 
This is the place to get fruit tea or diced fruit teas with pulp in them. There's also smoothies and milk tea, though I would say the focus is mostly on the fruit drinks offered.
I tried a passion fruit green tea, it was good, with real seeds from passionfruit inside. I loved sucking in the seeds. At 60% sugar level and less ice, it was still pretty sweet, so I recommend trying 30% sugar.
The colorful fruit tea was also delicious, I could taste the fruit juice and there were finely diced  tiny cubes of apples, and some passion fruit seeds. It gave the drinks a fun texture. Drinks are around $3.50 for medium or $4.50 for large.
I like that this place uses real fruit, that you can taste! There's also toppings you can add to your fruit tea or drinks, like coconut jelly, boba balls, aiyu jelly, aloe, or chia seeds.If you're in the mood for boba tea, don't go in the morning or possibly noon because even though they open at 10am, their boba bubbles will not be ready in time. Also, there will be a limited amount of drinks available until later in the day. Better off going to Kung Fu Tea a few minutes away.I love their menu and what they have to offer! I was skeptical at first but decided to give it a try. We ordered the passion fruit green tea and the mango and passion fruit babo. I really like the fact that they give you real passion fruit since the fruit is expensive and hard to find. The passion fruit green tea was good but a bit too sweet for me. It was really refreshing and had a lot of fruit in it. My favorite was the mango and passion fruit babo! This one is more of a sparkling bubble tea which I didn't think that I would like. It had a lot of fruit which I really enjoyed. Their prices run about $3.75 or up depending on what you get. The store is quite big and it looks clean. Definitely give it a try!My boyfriend rushed me over here to try this new place out. This place looks really clean and fresh when you first walk in. They have an assortment of Taiwanese fruit teas, milk teas and fruit smoothies. All fruits used are freshly squeezed. They had a grand opening promotion: buy 1 get 1 free and your free choices were lemon black tea, lemon green tea and orange green tea. We tried the matcha milk tea and the orange green tea. The matcha milk tea was beautifully balanced, it had the perfect amount of sweetness and creaminess. The orange green tea was AMAZING! You can definitely tell that the orange was freshly squeezed. They also offer wifi! The young lady who took my order was so sweet and accommodating. I'm definitely making this my go-to spot when I'm in the neighborhood. Great customer service and great products! What a great addition to Northeast's Chinese eateries! Definitely come here and give it a try!Honestly I'm addicted lol. Like it's really simple but extremely refreshing which is probably why I come. I strayed off from milky textures because of how ugh it makes me feel but the teas here make me feel really light and not sluggish. I've tried the Special tea and it's like a Passionfruit Juice where it's sweet and sour, which I'm not a big fan of. I've also tried the lemon black tea, orange green tea and the matcha green tea milk tea but the Orange green tea is by far, my favorite. I really love the light, refreshing taste and love the pulpy texture when the orange slice settles down inside the tea. The place is very spacious and the employees there are very nice. I've had the same cashier girl the multiple times I've went and she's really sweet. 
I live right around the corner from Mr. Wish and it's dangerous that I live so close because I'll blow all my money here (so far I have). The location is very convenient because parking is free everywhere in northeast and there's always parking in the neighborhoods surrounding it. And also it's on the strip of the mini Chinatown so if you ever stop by for dimsum or any other Chinese-related food, you can walk right next door to Mr. Wish.This is amazing the pearl tea is the best! Out of the 12 bubble tea places ive been this is the bestMr. Wish is a great place to get tea drinks. My personal favorites to get are the Lemon Green Tea & Matcha Milk Tea. Their milk tea is really good too. I love that they have such great tasting drinks and that I don't need to drive all the way down to Chinatown whenever I start craving fruity or milk tea.Are you kidding me ??? This place opens at 10:00 am but don't expect to buy a tea for at lease a half hour .their not ready to serve you til then . Oh if you want bubbles in the tea than you won't get them until noon ?  What kind of place is it ?? Service is sub stander  ! Zero rating !!!! I nerve did wait to order my drinks .who can wait till noon ! When you go there at  ten ????This place makes delicious smoothies and amazing lemon jasmine green tea.  I am really new to this whole bubble tea/asian tea shop craze, but it may become a regular thing for me. I had a TON of questions and the girl taking my order was so sweet and had all the answers.
I tried the mango smoothie, the lemon-jasmine green tea, the orange-jasmine green tea and the matcha milk tea (all with no bubbles or jelly). Although the drinks are made with fresh fruit, be aware, that they add sugar syrup to everything unless you request otherwise.Great bubble tea - only place I know of in the northeast with quality Taiwanese bubble tea. Great service. Prices are higher but they use  Fresh fruitCurrently, they are having a buy one get one free deal, so go now!! So glad this place opened up in the Northeast. The teas are really refreshing, and you can tell that they use real fruit. Also, because it's new, the store is very clean. You can also play games like jenga or cards if you decide to hang around. WARNING: Don't get any pineapple drink; you'll regret it.Great tea, very clean environment and good service! The milk bubble tea isn't too sweet which is just right for me.3.5 stars. They had a buy one get one free offer so I decided to check out this place. I got the colorful fruit juice tea and the free one was an orange green tea. The colorful fruit juice had apples, kiwi and I think pineapple pieces in it. It's basically just a fruit juice- couldn't taste any tea. The orange green tea had more of a tea flavor/juice taste to it. The decor is clean and bright.Came here to grab a hot drink after dim sum. Tried the hot WOW! Matcha milk tea. Yum! Very chill place. Similar to the tea places like Tea-Do or Vivi down Chinatown without the crowds of kids. They have Jenga for you to relax and play while enjoying your drinks. :)Love this place!! So glad they finally opened a bubble tea place in Northeast Philly. I also like it because it is a little more novel than your typical bubble tea place. They emphasize more their drinks with fresh fruits, juice teas, and the likes. 
They also let you control you sugar and ice levels which I appreciate with all these newer tea chains. I had the normal milk tea (50% sugar and no ice) with bubbles while my boyfriend had the apple tea with lemon/orange/lemon seed/jelly drink (he chose that one since that was the one they gave as a sample....lol). Both were good! I wish the milk tea was slightly more bitter, but I know that's hard to find in the USA. As for the apple tea drink, I liked that a lot too. It wasn't too sweet, the citrus fruit slices made it very refreshing and the jelly give it some funny chewy texture. As for the lemon seeds, it gives it a peculiar crunchy texture which I'm not completely adverse to, but I don't think I would choose to add them if it wasn't automatically included. 
Definitely will come back the next time I go home to Philly again!!! It also has a really chill and spacious environment if you just want to sit with friends and sip.Very refreshing drinks, great customer service, and nice airy atmosphere! I'll be back :)The Milk Tea is good, however they were open and didn't have tapioca pearls available. That was quite disappointing.Always a pleasant experience at Mr. Wish!! So many great drinks to choose from! Bubble tea is my fav, try the mango smoothie!I like Mr. Wish. I think the milk tea is one of the better options in the city and the bubbles are sweet and good. It usually is not as crowded as the other spots which is really nice and the employees are helpful and nice too. Have been here about 10 times and will definitely go back.Drove out here on a rainy day. The girls made the drinks really quick. Got all the order right. Which is another big plus. 
 Wasn't disappointed. Everything I ordered was yummy. Fruits in drinks. were fresh. Milk tea was on point. 
 Just order extra cause you're going to wish you did.Another great experience at this location! I thought I was being a bit difficult with the 30% sugar, less ice situation for almost all my drinks.. but the cashier didn't fuss or show bad facial expression. The quality and taste of the drinks are great. Customer service is great.
Parking can be a little difficult but it's worth it plus it's free street parking in the northeast. I just wish there were no sugar tax lol.Very good. Fresh ingredients (apples, mangos, lemons, etc). And I love how the place is spacious for hanging out and relaxing. I would definitely recommend Mr.wish Special Fruit drink and Pearl Milk tea. All their drinks are so refreshing especially on a hot summer day or any day! I'm always coming back to here than going to Kung Fu tea.Pristinely clean place. Very bright & inviting, with tables to sit at. The drinks are very fresh & delicious! Highly recommend.The taste of the drink isn't as good as I remember it being. I'm very partial with my milk tea so when I found something that works, I stay with it. 
I have it two stars because at least the bubble part remains fresh otherwise the tea itself is pretty flavorless.My sister had the matcha milk tea and she said it's like drinking expensive water because of how plain it was. 
We also watched as they were making it. It looks like it's new employee with one older one over watching them. They were messing around a bit and my less ice order came with regular ice and I heard the older one tell her it's less ice and that's not less ice. Regardless I'm pretty disappointed because it was an awesome spot but it's not that great now if they can't remember the recipe of the drinks. 
It's about the same cost as a Starbucks drink so I rather go there instead of coming here for my cold drink kicks.Great price and flavor!! The fruit drinks got pulps and it's not watered down taste. I have visited this place 3 times and will go back again! Nice little IKEA touch to the placeMr. Wish is perfect. I love the their drinks. My favorite is the mango smoothie there are real mangos in it. Every time I drink one of their drinks I feel refreshed and want to buy another. The grapefruit drinks are great too.To my complete surprise, I found a healthy fresh juice and tea place with unbelievably reasonable pricing. Their menu is varied with different types of drinks, from tea mixes to a complete cocktail of fruits; you will find something you love. I like their "Special Tea" which has a touch of sourness and all of their "boba" drinks which are like sparkly water with fresh fruits. I recommend anyone to try this, healthier and less expensive than any surrounding place, made me let go of Wawa smoothies. The staff is very friendly and enjoy explaining their drinks when they're not busy, which is a nice plus.Highly recommended.I would give this place 5 stars because it's clean, fast, the staff accurately makes your drinks, and everything is usually tasty... But one time they had a poster for an apple cider vinegar drink and got tricked into ordering it. It was neither tasty nor refreshing, and I felt fooled.I came here a few times before I decided it was time to write a review. 
So far from what I've tried, I enjoyed what I drank. Something basic like bubble milk tea is where we judge wither a location make good drinks or not. Luckily for them, they passed with flying colors because I usually don't like milk tea but this one was different from others I had before. The other stores' milk tea makes me sleepy while this one doesn't have that effect on me. 
As for the free drink, I really like the lemon black tea. I could do without the lemon seeds but its a hit and miss since the lemon green tea didn't have as many seeds. Other than that, I don't have much complains.
The setting of the store is simple and clean. They have 2 booths with low tables for people to play games while drinking. Towards the back, there's a long table for big groups who want to hang out there. There's also a TV in the back if you want entertainment on that. 
IHands down this is my favorite place to go to for a refreshing drink. All their fruits are fresh. I love their mango drinks here. The tea with mango fresh pulp and the mango smoothie are my favorites. In addition of that both their lemon green tea or lemon with black tea is refreshing. Personally I do not like my drinks to be sweet so I would get 50 percent sugar but everyone around me believe that their sugar percentage is perfect enough.Tried the Special Fruit Tea, which was nice, w/ fresh fruit pieces including pineapple, orange & passion fruit. Only problem was I forgot to ask for less sugar. Could not taste the tea,and there was too much ice.
The Mango tea I ordered w/ no sugar. Had a nice green tea flavor, but not much mango taste. She put a good bit of fresh puree & bits in it. Both were really bland & not sure if adding sugar would help. Refreshing, but a let down.
The place is nice, clean & the girls working there were very helpful in explaining the different drinks. I would like to try some other drinks. The Fruit Sorbets(not mango), made w/ yogurt may be better. I wish.Free samples offered. I tasted a lemon green tea and ordered one right after! They have a variety of drinks on the menu. The menu is in English and Chinese! Very friendly environment and you can bring your laptop in!! It's bright and open space. Very friendly and accommodating staff :) Will definitely come again!Mr. Wish is a nice place to hang out!! Employees are nice, drinks are special made by fresh fruit. Check them out!!The orange and grapefruit is so nature and taste so good and healthy .. I like the strawberry sorbet too..Delicious drinks. The selection and concoctions alone are very refreshing and different. The staff was friendly. The iced mango green tea is my go-to alwaysMr Wish has amazing tasting drinks and the decor is comfortable and cute. I will definitely be going back for more.Cool, light and refreshing. I thought this was going to be another average, boring bubble tea place but I was totally wrong. They're on the fruit smoothie and tea track and just perfect for the spring and summer seasons. This Northeast storefront is conveniently located on the stretch of Bustleton Avenue that has a bunch of other Asian restaurants and stores. I would definitely go back!
They have another location in Chinatown.Very nice place. I really really like your drinks and I like how everything looks cute and cozy!Ok I'm one of those annoying customers that call in and ask for pick up lol. They never seem to mind though! Which is definitely why I keep coming back. Thanks for putting up with customers like me! Their fruit teas are the best! I also enjoy a kiwi smoothie here and there. I haven't tried their entire menu but definitely try the orange tea with aiyu jelly. It's my fave!OMG OMG OMG. ....LOVE LOVE LOVE this place .  Very clean, modern, they use fresh fruits
Definitely you have to go in and try . It's little far from me i wish they would open another one closer to 19116 area.....Wow omg love boba !!!! This is my fave boba place in the north east. Staff is so friendly and their bubble tea is delicious . Sometimes they run out of oolong milk tea  my favorite !!! But  still amazing experience ! When did this place even get here ? It just appeared out of no where. Either way I'm here for it !! Love the music selection, as well as plenty of seating !!!The tea here is good enough. It is better than average, I'll say that. It's a small store. I had a piece of layer cake that was tiny and tasted like it came from a machine. I would stop in again but only for the Tea.Mr wish has the best milk tea in the city in my opinion, and I frequently visit 3 of the locations throughout the city. Unfortunately, this is my least favorite location as they often do not have bubbles ready, which is really odd to me. That's like the equivalent of being McDonalds and running out of fries.Great bubba teas and slushees ! I love their honey suckle and. Green tea bubba teas . Passion fruit Fiber jelly is great too. The only reason I gave them less then five stars is the amount of ice in their drinks - you get 70% ice and the rest contents of your beverage . Not worth the money you pay for it . 
Customer service is ok . Staff never smiles but thy to work quick and prep the order in no time .Mr wish never disappoints ! 
Best bubble ever soft and chewy ! Perfection ! 
My go to is the fresh mango pulp with bubbles. It's my favorite and a must try ! 
Workers here are super nice and friendly. 
Love this place !!Drinks are good, I usually go to the one in the Ben city plaza but I came to the one on Bustleton today. I'm a little disappointed.  The lemon slices were too thick. I literally drank it in less than 10 seconds because there was barely any drink in my cup. I basically had a whole lemon in my cup.The quality of the service and drinks have been dropping drastically. My friend recently got a Matcha Purple Rice Sago and they must have neglected to put the sugar in it as it was only a completely bitter matcha taste. How can you charge a sugar tax and yet put no sugar or the wrong amount of sugar in the drink? Custard Waffles were alright, though.I wish this place had punch cards because I would have probably gone through 5 cards by now. I freaking love this place. However, I order the same thing every time, the mango sherbet. It is sooo good. It has chunks of jelly in it and sometimes mango fruit bits. I usually take sips of my friends drinks. The milk teas are pretty good as well.
I like this place because you can customize sugar levels and ask for 30% sugar or sometimes no sugar. It always looks clean in here and it's pretty consistent. 
The only thing I'm kind of mad about is my friend ordered a drink from their happy hour menu. It was supposed to be $3, but they charged regular price.This place really stands out. This is important because there are plenty of bubble tea/tea shops all over Philly and they are so similar in what they serve that it really doesn't matter where you get it anymore. 
This tea shop uses fresh fruits so no powder misery. And they have actual tea blends that are unique, interesting, and won't overcharge you like other places. (Looking at you teado and your boring fruit teas.)
Taking a star away because the drinks that has passion fruit in it are a hassle to drink because you need to spit out the seeds. Also they don't have basic fav drinks so dont come here expecting taro, thai tea, etc. Instead try something new that only Mr. Wish serves.This place is a small gem and I always get my drinks here! The mango smoothie is good and the milk tea never fails to hit my cravings!Just your average bubble tea place. 
Usually about 2 people working at all times. The employees usually have their friends stopping by, which explains why it takes about 10 minutes for two drinks.I was in the neighborhood and wanted to try bubble tea for the first time. There was a nice guy working who explained what everything was on the menu. I decided on the Cocoa pudding milk tea with tapioca pearls and a mango sherbet smoothie. They were both ok but the tea had WAY too many tapioca pearls in it. I'll try drinks from here again minus the tapioca.Mango crepe cake is delicious.  I recommend it.  My kumquat green tea was good but had lots of yellow specks.  I need to ask them about this next time.  I think the other time I ordered the drink, it had yellow specks in it also.  But the drink was good.
Also, I shared the mango crepe cake with my sister.  She liked it too.  She said it's better than Mango Mango's crepe cake in Chinatown because theirs is too buttery, which I agree. I was afraid the mango crepe cake wasn't fresh because I didn't know how long it was sitting in the fridge, but it tasted alright.So this is a big chain.  We stopped at this store corner front.  Interior was well lit and excellent service.  Ordered 5 drinks and all came out correctly.
I like their matcha milk tea.  The orange green tea is refreshing.  Plenty of toppings.  The aloe was very cooling.  Extra 75 cents for toppings is bit pricey compared to other places which charge 50 cents.  No fancy foams such as salty caramel though.  Just like other places then can adjust sweetness level.
Overall drinks were good but none that were wow smash hit.  I will continue my search for a go to bubble tea place.  This place gets the job done though.I came here with my sister and it really isn't that great at all besides the space inside. The smoothies tasted like something I could have made in 5 seconds at home with jelly and orange juice I got from the Chinese supermarket.Delicious teas and great waffles. Loved this place, they are following distancing and limiting the amount of people in the store so ordering ahead is your best bet.Wow. My favorite and basically my "go-to", and... ok, I lied it's the only place I go to for my milk teas now. 
My boyfriend LOVES their lemon black tea and I am obsessed with their milk tea. It's simple, yet perfect amount of sweet and their bubbles are the right consistency of chewy and still soft enough. Better than all the other milk tea places.Drink: it was good. I order 2 drinks. colorful tea and pearl milk tea. The pearl milk tea taste no different than other milk tea, but colorful tea was good. They give tons of fruit and the tea was different. High recommended colorful tea if you are fruity fanI love this place! The drinks are refreshing, light, & delicious! I usually get the Kiwi Smoothie or the Honey Lemon Green Tea (hot). Their Mango Smoothie is also very good. I love that it's not overloaded with sugar. 
The place is very clean & bright. They offer seating as well.
This is not your typical "bubble tea" place. If you're looking to get Milk Tea, I wouldn't recommend Mr. Wish. Not that it wouldn't be good, but it's not going to meet your expectations IF you're looking for a sugar overloaded drink. Mr. Wish offers healthier & fresh beverages, not your typical drinks from flavored powdered sugar, so it's going to taste much lighter.I was excited to get some boba (bubble) tea but was very disappointed in my drink. I order a peach mango green tea. Didn't taste any peach or mango but there was pieces of fresh mango in the bottom of my cup. It taste like green tea with sugar and toss with a few pieces of mango, something I can make at home. 
I was expecting something light and refreshing. Not overly sweet and bland. 
Being from LA I love boba, since I was craving for some I decide to yelp a boba place and found his place. Couldn't wait to order my drink but then I left depressed about my boba tea. 
First thing I did when I got to California? I hit up my favorite local boba place!I got the colorful tea. It was amazing!!! Love the fresh fruit and it's not too sweet. Definitely a must try.Clean and inviting setting. I ordered a piece of cake and the fruit tea. I think the fruit tea was a little too sweet for my taste but I loved the assortment of fruit that was used. The cake was so tasty and soft. I felt like I was biting on clouds lol, the cake also had a light texture to itI LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Their drinks are fantastic. I really love that they use real fresh fruit to make their drinks, unlike other bubble tea shops that use powder. I ordered  lemon yogurt sorbet and my friend ordered the regular milk bubble tea. I gotta say that  the lemon yogurt sorbet is extremely refreshing and it is the best yogurt drink i ever had. My friends said she like their bubble tea that their bubbles are flavored and chewy. Will try it next time. Beside the drinks, this place is really clean and neat, the servers are very friendly and neat too. Will definitely come back again.Wanted to try something new because of the traffic to the city on this particular day. Big mistake! Terrible customer service! Tea was not what I expected... 
I will not go back. I will take my time and continue to go down to Tea-DoMr Wish is an Asian style tea, juice and smoothie bar.  The menu includes lots of different types of tea drinks.  Milk teas, fruit teas, boba teas, as well as juices and smoothies.  The prices are reasonable compared to Starbucks.  They also have a few snacks as well.  It's very modern inside with limited seating.  The staff is friendly and willing to help out. If you're into tea drinks this is the place for you.  I believe it's a chain and they have several locations throughout Philadelphia.  I'll definitely be back.Holy shit. Never thought I'd be wowed by a tea place but needless to say, Mr. Wish delivered and I'm now addicted. 
This isn't a bubble tea place (though they do offer pearl milk tea). Come here for their refreshing fruit teas that are guaranteed to quench your thirst. I love that you're able to taste the bitterness of green/black tea amidst layers of fruitiness. 
What we liked: 
Orange green tea - simple and well-balanced citrus flavor. 
Wish special fruit tea - 6 different fruit incl. kumquat, orange, passion fruit, etc. REALLY good. 
Peach and mango sparkling babo - this was so crisp with the right amount of sweetness & fizz. 
Mango fruit tea - light and refreshing, pulpy and on the sweeter side. 
Service was on point even with line at the door plus free samples while you're waiting. I'll miss its predecessor Tea Talk but Mr. Wish has my heart now.I've been a huge fan of Mr Wish since they open. My fav drink at all time is the Mango Green Tea. And I love their custard waffle cake. I just wish they would fill in more custards because it's almost $6 for 4 pieces, and I could barely taste any custard.Amazing every time! I always go on the weekend for the brown sugar boba. Too spoiled it's as close as it isThis rating isnt for the tea itself as that was great but for the very low service of taking care of a customer. 
I literally get one boba everyday from this place and wanted to try something new. Asked tobtaste a flavor of the sweet fruits they putninside the boba and they straight upnsaid no.
I then bought one, took a small amount out of the cup and tried it. Didnt like it and threw it away. 
Seriosuly, let your customers sample something if they want to.Another great experience at this location! I thought I was being a bit difficult with the 30% sugar, less ice situation for almost all my drinks.. but the cashier didn't fuss or show bad facial expression. The quality and taste of the drinks are great. Customer service is great.
Parking can be a little difficult but it's worth it plus it's free street parking in the northeast. I just wish there were no sugar tax lol.Just as good as the center city one, but with more seating and free parking.  Got the Wish Special Tea and it hit the spot on a very warm, sunny afternoon.  
I used to think I required boba in all my drinks, but Mr. Wish has showed me fresh fruit pulp/juices shine on their own.It's hard to find a place up in the North East that serves great food and is cute & instagramable. This Mr. Wish location brings a much needed cute hangout spot to the area. I love that I don't have to drive far and spend time and money trying to find good parking just to find somewhere nice to catch up with friends. 
I really wanted to try this place mainly because of how it smells. They bake fresh deserts here and you can smell them even outside. It's warm and sugary and wraps around you as soon as you walk in. 
They have a great tea selection. Some places have such an overwhelming choice that you stand there looking at the menu for agars choosing between basically identical drinks. Each of the drinks here was unique and they had a good variety to cater to everyone's tastes. 
I tried the Passionfruit Fiber Jelly Tea. It wasn't my favorite. There was a sting taste of jasmine that wasn't mentioned anywhere and I personally hate jasmine. But if you like it then this drink is for you (I would have just like to have been warned before hand). Drinks here aren't cheap, but you come here more to sit and chat than because you're thirsty. Very cute place and a great asset to the NE.Once I found out there is a new tea house in NE Philly,  I have to try them out. I got the matcha milk tea with tapioca and the wish special fruit drink. The Matcha milk tea is average and the bubbles are more soft than chewy. And the wish special fruit tea is a mixture of lemon, passion fruit,  orange, etc. Is more like a fruity lemon tea than a mixed fruit tea. The best about Mr. Wish is that it doesn't have a credit card minimum unlike Tea Do and Kung Fu Tea both has a minimum. Even though both of the drinks I got today wasn't AMAZING,  I will definitely go back and try their other drinks.....