The food was plentiful and very good.  I ate twice from the left overs.  The service could use some work.  And don't be fooled by the reservation system.  If you don't get a call back after you do the reservation you were not granted the reservation time.The ice tea is excellent!
I was really disappointed with the service that I received. I had an hour wait for my appetizer. In addition my entre was incorrect but I coundnt find my waiter to make the correction never was I ask I was everything.... It's a shame because they have a lot of potential but with the service and lack of professionalism eventually if they don't take action they will lose out on a lot of revenueMy experience at Ms. Tootsies was phenomenal. Our waitress Afua was very attentive to our needs. She was pleasant & made certain we were taken care of by answering any questions we had such giving recommendations where to go hangout in Philly. My salmon entree  Also the chef came over to our table as well as each & every other table. The customer service is more than exceptional. The manager was more than welcoming. I felt right at home especially with this being my first time. Thank you Afua for making our dinning experience pleasurable & thank you to the wonderful staff at Ms. Tootsie's.An ode* to Miss Tootsie's:
M - Macaroni and cheese is yummy and good!  So very cheesey!
I -  It makes no sense how good that tea is!
S - Super cool and attentive waitress (Alexis) - ask for her when you go!
S -  Small space, so I wouldn't go on a weekend.  Week nights are good though.
T - The atmosphere is nice.  There are black and white photos of local Philly artists (Musiq, Kindred, Jaguar Wright, Jazmine Sullivan, etc.) on the walls.
O - Oh my goodness, that tea is GOOD!
O - Our orders came out piping hot...I even burned my tongue.  Totally my fault, though.
T-  The waitress and I had a discussion about hot sauce.  In case you're interested, they use Crystal.
S - Super cute take-home bags.
I - I tried my friend's ribs, they were yummy!
E - Everything was tasty!
S - So yeah, I'll definitely go back - but not on a weekend.
Seriously though, I'd been wanting to go to Miss Tootsie's for a while, but I just hadn't gotten around to going.    I'm not gonna lie, this place is tiny, but now that you know it's small, you shouldn't be surprised.  The food was tasty, but not quite seasoned enough for my taste.  To be fair though, it is the week after Thanksgiving, and I've been eating my Mom's cooking for the past week.  Regardless of where you go, no soul food restaurant is gonna match Grandma's or Mom's cooking, but this place is good, and I'll definitely go back.
* So technically this isn't an ode....so what...shut up! ;-)Southern Sangria is stronger than any European Sangria you've ever had. It's also more fruity, more flavorful and more maroon than any of that flimsy Spanish drink.
Prior to your meal, Ms. Tootsie serves up a giant cornbread muffin as big as your fist. Slather some strawberry honey butter on around the brown top and take a giant bite. The cornbread is as gold as the ripest corn and exudes a flavor akin to midwest state fair corn dunked in butter. It's moist, bountiful and hearty...just the way cornbread was intended to be...
The Chicken and Waffles is simply amazing. Usually not one for any sort of chicken, the buttermilk fry on these strips was too crispy, too clean, too golden not to gobble up. The waffles were fat and golden, and much like their tender counterparts, were smooth and moist on the inside. Served with pure syrup and any other requested condiments, this appetizer is enough for a meal.This place was amazing! Ms Reni made the most amazing drinks and had such an amazing personality and our waitress, Jiamond was fantastic. Her personality and attentiveness was out of this world. I will be back tomorrow for brunch!I really wanted to love this place, I really did. The staff was friendly, the decor and atmosphere was great. The food? Not so much. The corn bread which contained too much sugar as it is came with cinnamon butter I believe. I love sugar but I dont want to drown in it. Secondly, everything contained salt, I mean my goodness why? Really? why? The lobster mac and cheese even had obey seasoning on it. I felt like calling my doctor for a prescription of high blood pressure meds right then and there.  
The cook had the nerve to come out and ask if I felt the love or could taste the love in the meal? If the love is salt, then yes I taste a whole lot of it.The food is wonderful but comes in small portions considering the bloated prices.  
I had the okra and collard green sides, both of which tasted really good.  The fried chicken was very good as well but for $20 I got a tiny drum stick and smaller than average thigh piece.  
The chicken pieces were so small they were more like quail pieces or perhaps hummingbird pieces.  The drum stick was more like a dwarf stick.  I'm exaggerating but you get the idea.  That is my gripe, give me more chicken in my main entrée.  
The service was okay albeit a little disorganized.  My food took forever to arrive.  
Very modern and well appointed interior.  The restaurant is clearly going for a cutting edge hip hop ambiance and succeeds to that end. 
 Ms. Tootsie's serves up tasty food but much sure you bring a full wallet if you want a full stomach.One of my favorite soul food restaurants. I had my 40th birthday party here last year and everything went perfectly from the arrangement and meetings with Mr. Parker to the night of my party. It was one that I'll never forget! I came here most recently with my coworker on a Friday evening and I'd had the Caesar salad with shrimp which was delicious. Tbh, I am usually sick of salads because I end up having to get one since I don't eat any real meats, but when I tell you this salad is the BOMB.com. It is sooooo tasty and filling. It's better than any Caesar salad that I've ever had. I had to cut each shrimp into three parts because hey were so big. My coworker had the buffalo shrimp and they looked delicious. We were both extremely satisfied and to top it off the chef came out to check on us and she was so pleasant. This was just another reason to come back, the ambiance, the food and the service was perfect!I went with high expectations.  They don't take reservations unless you're a party of 8 or more.  I had no idea that on a Wednesday at 6:15 there would be a 45- 55 min. wait.  Besides the bar area, which was full, there was nowhere to sit.  The upstairs waiting area only had a few spots- all taken.
Maybe it was an off night, but the food was just OK.  It was problematic that I don't eat meat.  Since all the green vegetables were cooked with turkey, I decided to order the caesar salad with grilled salmon.  Dressing was unremarkable and served on the side.  The crouton coverage was too heavy.  Might have been different if they were special in some way, but they tasted like they came out of a box.  The salmon portion was sizable- maybe 3/4 of a lb, but it was pretty tasteless.  Cornbread muffins were fresh and hot- decent tasting, though I would have ratcheted back the sugar.   I tried some of my friend's sweet potatoes.  They were OK.  She had shrimp and grits.  I also tried the grits.  Very bland, sprinkled with shredded cheese.  
I rate them 3 stars because our waiter was very nice as was the hostess and other staff.  Speed of service was OK.  Atmosphere was nice.  My friend wanted dessert to go and asked after the check had already been prepared.  He brought the cake and didn't charge us.I was a Ms. Tootsies fan... My better half and I got dinner takeout last night and let me just say it was nothing less than horrible. I got the chicken wing platter with okra and yams and she got the chicken and waffles, the okra was horrible and had no favor. Her waffles were placed in the same container as the hot wings so by the time we took the 20 minute ride home they were a soggy mess. Also there was no syrup in the bag ( thankfully we had our own). C'mon Ms. Tootsies lets get back to what made you on of the best.Went on a double date. 
The bad: parking. They are anal in Philly. Got a ticket at 9:57PM--3 minutes before it was free street parking. The waiting time was also EXTREME. We waited about an hour and a half to be seated. 
The good: AMAZING FOOD!! Great portions. I ordered smothered pork chops, macaroni and cheese, and yams. Only was able to finish less than half a pork chop. My boyfriend ordered collard greens and they were amazing  (I don't eat everyone's collards). 
I will return but maybe on a weekday and maybe after 10PM (people were seated faster after that time).I've been to Ms. Tootsie's twice this week in an effort to redeem a Living Social coupon before it expires.  I haven't actually had a chance to do that though.  The first night, I was told there would be about an hour wait for a party of 2.  It was a weekend, so that wasn't too bad.  Waited around for more than an hour and gave up when hunger won out.  Figured I'd try again on a weekday.  
Wanted to make reservations to avoid a wait, but they don't do reservations for small parties.  Ok, fine. I went back early on a Wednesday.  No wait, then right?  Wrong.  A 2 hour wait.  Yes, a 2 hour wait for dinner at 6 pm on a Wednesday.  Ok, fine. The weather was nice, so I put my name on the list and left a phone number (at their request) so that we could wonder down South street a bit rather than loitering in front of the main door.  Hostess says ok.  2 hours go by. Nothing. 3 hours go by. Nothing. No one ever even bothered to call. And I know they had the correct number.
What a waste.  Although given how poor their service has been before even seating me, maybe this was a blessing in disguise.Nice decor.  Tables are a little small but thats not really a big deal for me. No waiting area which can be a big deal on those busy days.. Our waitress was extremely nice and personable! Ok now to food.. I loved the corn muffins with the strawberry butter! The tilapia was good but could have used more seasoning.. Mac and cheese was delicious as well as the candied yams! Grown folks tea a little too strong for me, all you taste is alcohol. I would come back!We just had a lovely meal at Ms. Tootsies.  The service was excellent and the food was great.Tried Ms Tootsie's with a Groupon.  Food was a bit mixed but I had a lovely time, partly because service and seating were so great.
Complimentary Cornbread Muffins were great!  Some crisp on the outside, light and fluffy on the inside.  My companion thought they were a bit on the sweet side, but I didn't mind. Served with strawberry butter -- very nice.  4.5 stars
Crab Mac & Cheese Balls: Not bad, not amazing.  Solid. 3 stars
Fried Catfish: Very nice.  Light and juicy. 3.5 stars
Fried Chicken: Crispy but not much flavour.  One piece was a bit dry.  Other was juicy and perfectly fried.  Wouldn't want again because inconsistent and flavourless. 2 stars
For sides, I enjoyed the potato salad, which had a bit of a spicy kick -- definitely would get this again.  Okra and corn & collards were also all right.  The candied yams were way too sweet for me -- all I could taste was syrup, so I found that a bit hard to eat.
Service was excellent -- our server was so friendly and smiley.  Her good cheer and helpfulness made dinner very pleasant.  Had a table with a boxy couch which was real comfy.  It's big enough for two, which is nice if you want to get cozy with a companion.  4+ starsMy family and I ended our day trip to Philly by eating here. For most of us, it was our first visit that did not disappoint. 
We were a party of 7, so understandably, we were told our wait would be about 30 minutes. We waited 15-20 at best. The interior of the restaurant is clean and posh with elegant seating for smaller, intimate groups. There was a live DJ playing a pleasant mix of oldies and contemporary R&B that added to the obviously Black owner atmosphere. 
Our server, August a fabulous young lady that was very professional. It's easy to say someone with a party that large is just doing what they're supposed to, but her attentiveness and friendly attitude is what feels like above and beyond customer service. 
Finally... the food! The food was on point. I had the shrimp and grits with the collard greens and mashed potatoes as my sides. Everything was delicious. Most of us sampled from each other's plates, so I can say the catfish and candied yams were amazing, too! The only bad part of the visit was having to leave. I really wish this restaurant had a location in Baltimore. (My boyfriend said Miss Tootsie's reminds him of Jacksonville in New Jersey, which is an amazing compliment because he doesn't like anything and we both love Jacksonville.)
Edit: our waitress's name is AUGUST not Autumn. Sorry, Sis!I was in philly for the day and I really just wanted a good meal. Like not wings or a burger, just a while meal with sides and everything, so i came across this place. The food was on POINT! I got fried chicken and it really tasted like it was fried in someone's aunty's kitchen. My gf got the turkey chops and I wanted to trade plates soooooo bad. The greens were a little salty, but if your enjoy salty go for it! But you cant this glorious meal all day. It opens at 5, so i went to the small cafe next door and waited for it to open (other yelpers recommended getting there early cuz it fills up quick-- which was true.) there is a bar side with about 5 dining tables and then the overflow side which is not as exciting over there. The bar side had a dj and a very comfy vibe! They have a very nice ambience which a couch side to the booth tables on the bar side. I enjoyed myself!Great ambiance and food! We haven't been to Ms. Tootsie's since 2013 and the new enhancements were lovely. From the hostess, to the waitress, to the food, our experience was amazing! We didn't feel like ppl were up on our backs while eating, and the waitress offered my baby some Mac n cheese and she loved it. I'll definitely go back again to try something different on the menu. We had the fried filet which was seasoned so good. The green beans were delicious too. Only critique is to have better wines...my wine wasn't very tasty. I should of got the famous tea instead.Ambiance, service, FOOD!!! Everything is stellar and warm. The servers, bartenders, and host/hostesses all present themselves as professional and proper, patient and peaceful. I love this place. I come often and I leave more than satisfied every time. I love the way they serve the food and the accompaniments. The drinks are quite tasteful and adequate. No complaints whatsoever. Ms. Tootsies is a must-do when you visit Philadelphia, and a prime location on South Street.sheed n melz ....
                the service was very mediocre, me n my wife went twice the first time service was terrible we couldn't sit n eat because they said wait time one hr. and they would call us once the table was ready but we never got the call n we waited a hr n 45 mins when we checked on our table the host said they were closing n we couldn't sit and they had the nerve to tell us we could get take out which is not what we wanted !!!!! and the 2nd time we went closer to opening and they were not as busy and we were seated right away ... the server was ok but had a very weird energy to her which made us a little uncomfortable .. however my wife and i were very upset at the fact they have a unisex bathroom which is very inappropriate and uncomfortable for the both of us and everyone in my opinion also the bathroom downstairs was backed up and had a broken toilet and its to loud in the restaurant ,and it is definitely not kid friendly.. lastly i will say the food was good ..Don't waste your $$ or time. 40 min.wait only to be served 2star food at 4star prices. Total disappointment. Small portions served (entree&sides). Food wasn't hot. Checked prices online before going&found most entrees were approx.$3.00 more on menu in restaurant. Use to be a nice establishment several yrs ago. Don't know what happened. Needless to say i won't be returning.Came around 3pm on a weekday and it was soooo crowded already! So we took our food to go, but the fried chicken was still amazing when I got to sink my teeth into it!
Amazing fried chicken!!! The cornbread was good, but we didn't get the strawberry butter! I would go back to Philly just go get some more of this chicken!This has to be the smallest dine in restaurant in the world, wow. Over-rated? Yes. My meal was okay, I ordered catfish that had been fried in chicken grease. Our waiter was excellent, she got a huge tip from me. My cousin was unable to get the dish she wanted because they didn't have the components to make it, so the waiter make her a dish and put in on the house. She said she wants her customers to be happy when the leave. That good gesture was the high point of our experience but I would not go there to eat again, unless it gets bigger.The food here was pretty good and in my opinion and reasonably priced. I had the adult ice tea which was fantastic, the catfish with cabbage and mac n cheese. The portions were perfect to me because they were not gigangoloid or too cute and small. The only issue for me is that everything here is fried................. which if I would have check the menu prior to coming I would have known that. But overall the food is tasty, relatively affordable and a pretty decent atmosphere to sit and relax.I was in town for the Penn Relays and a friend really wanted to try this place because it was highly recommended for great soul food.  
First, let me say the service from beginning to  end was outstanding! August was our server and she was sweet, knowledgeable,  and had a kind spirit.  
I ordered the Mojo signature drink and let me tell you , they did not hold the alcohol. My goodness it was strong but yummy! 
Before our drinks arrived some yummy corn muffins with a delicious strawberry butter was delivered. Oooohhhh weeeee they were good! The right amount of sweet and moist. PERFECT! 
I also ordered the Catfish with cabbage and Macn' cheese. Let me tell you about the good part of the dish first. The Cabbage is Heavenly! The texture was perfect and it was seasoned with the right amount of spice. It definitely has a kick to it but its a sop it up with your corn muffin spicy. The Mac n' cheese was different but good. It taste like it had sour cream in it. At first bite it overpowered the cheese flavor but then it was a welcomed mix of savory and cheese. Yuuuuuumy! 
Now own to the not so good part of my dish. My first impression of the Catfish just by looking at it, I wasn't impressed.  The size was small and it was cut very thin. It was two small pieces. While it was  hot and the skin was crispy the texture inside was rubbery. I thought it was frozen fish and not fresh, not flaky and definitelynot a thick cut. I tried to eat it but i just couldn't.  I  did inform my server that I was not staisfied and she offered to have the kitchen make me some more.  Once the second batch came out i was still disappointed. I really wanted to rave about my entire entree but I can't. 
My friend had the chicken wings and she said it was absolutely delicious.  The wing size was huge and they appeared to be piping hot. 
I will definitely come back for the Cabbage alone, lol. I will also recommend this to anyone looking for a great atmosphere, service, drinks, cabbage,  and mac n cheese.Okay so I tried to give this place a 2nd chances after my 1st review ..why did I do that !!!! I felt so upset because I suggested 4 of my friends and myself go here ..now let me just say this I don't know what happen to them serving alcohol but they no later do..first disappointment because that don't acknowledge that on their website and we came from out of town again. Now please tell me why the hell are they serving Pepsi and Sprite out of a 2 liter bottle???? The buffalo shrimp was great ..now 2 of us ordered shrimp and grits were terrible!!! Let me describe ...the shrimp that was fried and sitting on top was good but the grits that was cold ,and hard as Hell!!!..I asked the server Kirah could they be made without the cheese and she said no it was mixed in but when they came out the cheese was sprinkled on top.....I was so pissed off didn't want to eat them ...this is really bad!!!..my other friend ordered the smothered turkey chop ...more bones then meat after you dig pass all the gravy..all the sides was cold except the greens..the other 2 friends ordered fish...average...Now for a business to charge these upscale prices ...it has got to improve ...I really felt bad taking us there and no one ate their food....I wanted to complain but my one of my friends just said let's just pay for our food and get the f$&k out of here....but that is really upsetting when the bill was over $200.00...last chance..I'm over this establishment !!!!!! They really need HELP!!!!!!!!!You can find this same exact good food at any black baptist church before second service starts lol.Ms. Tootsie's is good for the most part. The ceasar salad is fantastic (dressing is delish!), the fried chicken is good and seasoned well, so are the string beans.. 
Now.. The Mac & Cheese.. I have a theory that the Mac and Cheese you order on the side (that costs you an additional $6) and the mac and cheese you order with you dinner as 1 of your 2 sides are COMPLETELY DIFFERENT! The one that comes with your dinner is less seasoned, less cheesy, the noodles are even different. The one you PAY for on the side is cheesy, seasoned well, and the noodles are great... They may want to work on consistency with that....Soul food...No way! I'll give them an A for effort for the ambiance alone. The service is terrible...we waited for a hour just to be seated. Once seated we were greeted by a waitress who apparently had something better to do. I ordered chicken wings, mac & cheese, with greens. Chicken was under cooked and mac & cheese was just strange to say the least. I'm not sure how this place stays in business...won't get my business again. There has to be a better option in the city of Philadelphia.
Oh and out of corn bread...which seems to be a common issue for this place!Food = Good. Service = Terrible. I can stay home and cook some pretty damn good food. I go out for good food AND good service. This place can't deliver both. 
A small group of us went on a Saturday night around 7pm. Reading the other reviews I knew we would wait and was expecting it, so we had planned to wait at the bar and have a few drinks. We were told the wait would be an hour. As we walked up stairs to the bar on the 3rd flood we noticed many open tables in the restaurant. When we asked about them we were told "they're reserved". Hmmm.... I thought you didn't take reservations? These weren't tables setup for large parties. They were 4 and 6 tops. No big deal, we planned on waiting at the bar and having a few drinks anyway. 
We sit at the bar and order a round of drinks. While we're sitting and talking a server filling glasses at the bar spills an entire glass of ice water on my friends lap. Hey, mistakes happen. He wasn't exactly happy, but handled it very well. While this server is cleaning up the mess he's actually snickering and smiling! Really!?!? That's when I start getting a little pissed. Again, we let it go, say nothing and continue our conversation. I finish my beer and am waiting for the bar tender to ask if I'd like another. Well, an hour later, nothing. Never offered me another drink. Never asked how we were doing, nothing. We were at the bar for over an hour and not once did she check on us or ask if anyone needed refills. Just a terrible bartender. 
After waiting at the bar for close to 2 hours (we were told it was a 60min wait) and asking twice if our table would be ready soon (it's now almost 9pm and were starving. Of course the bartender never asked if we'd like to order some appetizers) we finally get sat. The room was dirty. Trash, food, crumbs, etc all over the floor. A dirty restaurant is a big turn off. If the area I can see is dirty, what's the kitchen look like? 
Now the GOOD part of the evening. Our server at the table was great. Very friendly, very knowledgeable, just an all around great server. The food was also fantastic. The chicken and waffles, the corn bread, the veggies, everything was very good. This was my first time eating collard greens and I have to say, I wasn't disappointed. During our meal, our server asked my friend if he was the one who had the ice water spilled on him. He said yes and was then told they'd give him a dessert on the house. We ordered dessert, which was also great, then the bill came. Of course, they didn't take my buddies dessert off the bill. In the end it was only a few dollars and we just paid for it. We were using a groupon which paid for a considerable amount of the bill so we weren't going to complain over a few dollars. 
All in all.... I want to go back for the food (I literally crave their chicken and waffles almost daily), but won't because of the terrible service. Anyone can have a bad night, but first impressions are hard to break. And our impression was that we were more of a hindrance then a customer. I would go back if I knew we would have the pleasure of being waited on by the same server, but unfortunately I'm sure that wouldn't be the case.be prepared to leave with a carry-out box! Ms. Tootsie's is not a game - the food is AMAZING and they give you plenty of it! i had the smothered pork chops, mac and cheese, and collards. the chops were succulent! the collards were flavorful and the mac was very good! the corn muffins and sweet tea hit home though. definitely coming back for more! oh - the address is actually 1312 South Street!I wish I could give this restaurant 100 starts, but I am limited to 5. This was my second visit and I am even more in love with this restaurant. The food is absolutely phenomenal.  The service is impeccable. And, the ambiance and flavor of the restaurant is on point. There is a DJ on Fridays. The DJ yesterday was amazing. The music was maybe a tad bit loud, but the music being played compensated.  I live in Va. But, had a girls' weekend in Philly.  Tootsies is definitely the highlight of our trip. I am a forever fan!Great food horrible service regarding making reservations. I've come on numerous occasions after making an online reservation that never provides a confirmation number nor a confirmation email. They should really consider taking reservations over the phone or at least fix their website !!I've lived in the Philadelphia area all my life and never been here before. Being that everyone talks about Ms. Tootsie's and have recommended it, I decided to give it a try. 
So i decided to go with some colleagues. Upon my arrival, I was seated. This place looks amazing. Very nice interior. Our server, Nini, was amazing and I loved how accommodating she was. 
The corn bread blessed my entire life!! And the strawberry butter. I got the southern fried chicken with Mac and cheese and Yams. 
The food was okay, nothing spectacular in my opinion. 
My experience was lovely. I think i would come back.The service is horrible and is unorganized. The collard green is salty, candied yams taste like syrup. Drinks are over overpriced and food is overrated. Wings. Mac, potato salad is great. Customer service is trash and takes too long. Word of advice if you don't like your job just don't work there. The music was great and parking was a hassle.
Update: the owner reached out to me he was understanding and was attentive about working towards how to make this a better experience next time. He went out his way to make sure my issues was resolved I think that deserve two more stars.Last night was my first dinning experience at Ms Tooties and it was favorable!!  Wait staff was courteous and food for most everyone in our party said to be delicious. I know what I ordered was delicious anyways.  Starter the crab cake with watermelon salsa on top not enough but great neither the less great start. We had a large party so our wait time was a little longer than the group wanted but was made up with the delivery of food. We had an array of menu selections and most everyone enjoyed their selections.  Especially the mac & cheese.  We where celebrating a birthday and opted to cut our own birthday cake.  Fee to slice cake only complaint.This company is the prime example of why black businesses don't get supported the way they should. Ok so i had a birthday dinner there 2 years ago and i had the best time no issues food was great, everything was fine flash forward to 2017 i literally had the worst experience twice within 1 month so the first week of april i went back for a datenite with no reservation    and was told it was a 2 hour wait, which was cool so i left my phone number and basically just took a stroll down south st i didnt even get 2 blocks away (in heels) when my phone rang the lady said "hey your table is ready, hurry up back because if not we will give it to the next person"  i thought that was rude but nonetheless i took off my heels and power walked back to the restaurant when we were shown our table in the back THERE WERE 6 OPEN TABLES!!!! How they got a 2 hour wait i have no idea! But we were still like ok! Anyways the server came to the table  15 mins after we were seated took our drink order and we didnt see her again for an half hour i had to find her to say where are my drinks she than finally came back and brought those complained about the bartender and finally ordered our food which was crazy because everything we asked for we were told they didn't have anymore the waitress even expressed how embarrassed she was food came literally another 50 mins later we ate and left, on the 28th i made a reservation online because i am well aware of the wait time i went on a double date on the 29th with my co worker and her fiancee who have both never been so i decided to take one for the team after the last outting there, we arrived at 9 pm to find that they were not taking reservations for this "weekend" i than asked how was i able to make a reservation online if that was the case she said she didnt know i asked for a manager when the manager came i explained the story she very nonchalantly said "well it was on the website that there was no reservations to be made this weekend and that i needed to wait on the list atleast an hour like everyone else, Now im no expert at customer service however i am a manager at a very popular chain where customer service is EVERYTHING!!! and we go out of our way to not have customers leave unhappy apparently this means nothing to this establishment i dont know if this is the owner's family and friends but you guys need help when it comes to customer service a manager is supposed to fix shit not sit in someone's face with a smirk like you are happy at the fact that you lost 4 cutomers 2 who have never been for good!!! I always want try to make sure i support black owned businesses but this restaurant shows me why i shouldn't needless to say we found a nice restaurant with great food and music that exceeded our expectations so the night wasn't a complete loss i wish i had the owners email because you need to tend to that restaurant before that place closes down your staff completely sucks and they make you look bad!!!!! You dont even deserve the 1 star they force us to give you DO BETTERThe food at Ms. Tootsies is great but the restaurant seems to be run VERY poorly. I arrived at 7pm and was told there was an hour to an hour and a half wait. Although that seemed long considering this place has an entire upstairs section they don't ever use, I decided I would wait anyway. At 8:30, I asked if my table would be ready soon and was told I was next but the hostess was unsure when I would actually be seated. As I looked around at several empty tables and a slew of people leaving, I asked why I couldn't  be seated at one of the many empty tables. I was then told that one of the cooks left and even if I was seated, there would be at least another 45 minute wait for my food. Every time I was come to Ms Tootsies, the wait has been extremely long and the staff seems to not care and/or make up wait times to keep you around. In my opinion, this restaurant could be run a lot more efficiently so that the service/management could match the food. I certainly wont be coming back for awhile...The food was delicious!!! Unlike a lot of reviews I have seen on here, there was someone at the front door to greet us. At first we were up stairs which had very little light, and the furniture seemed outdated to me. Then they moved us downstairs  near the entrance where we really didn't want to be seated, which was very tight and close to other parties that you can hear their conversations. It was Mother's Day so I felt like they did a good job on getting the food out. I do not feel like we were waiting a long time at all. Our waiter was also very nice and knew the menu. Their was not a kids menu so that was a downer, but they give plenty of food so I was able to share what I had with my daughter. My husband also complained that he wanted more of a selection for the entrées. But again it was Mother's Day, and we went during brunch hours so I think the menu may have been different. Overall, the food was delicious, and I would return again. I had the fried chicken made crunchy and well seasoned, collard greens was yummy, and I had the lobster Mac and cheese also delicious. The appetizer was also delicious, which was jumbo shrimp, crab cake, lobster Mac and cheese ball. Off the strength of the food I give it 4 out of 5 stars...I love soul food, but will take my mom and pop corner place a few blocks away instead of traveling to this high brow restaurant where the service was terrible and the food underwhelming.  
It took them well over 20 minutes to come to our table even to give us water let alone ask what we wanted to eat.  A woman, who I assume was the owner apologized and gave us 10% off our check, which I appreciate, but still, it was strange because it was a Tuesday PM and the restaurant had hardly any customers.
The corn bread was too sweet and had a Jiffy mix taste.  I'm a sides girl and loaded up on them.  Sweet potatoes, way too sweet.  Just caked and crusted with sugary syrup or something.  I like to be able to taste just a bit of the sweet potato and maybe even some orange.   I have a sweet tooth and these made me gag.  I also have a salt tooth and the greens and green beans were so damn salty it just seemed like a mistake.  
My friends ordered fried chicken and offered a bite.  I said a polite no thanks as it  just looked dry and unappetizing. 
I do give this place props for being polite.  My friends brought their unruly children who were a handful and we never once got snide remarks from the staff.  (Thanks for putting up with us!)I've only ever had mediocre service at Ms. Tootsie's.  I don't think it's the fault of the waitstaff either. They try, and some are better than others, but I think there's a management problem that makes the experience inconsistent.  The food is delicious, the restaurant's nice, but the dining experience has always made me anxious.  It's too overpriced for even amazing soul food, but the wait is often too long for that price, among other things.  Many times the phone just rings after several attempts, but when I get there it's empty.  I'm really annoyed when they don't put cornbread in my takeout - it's a staple and comes with the meal.  They also play with portion size when they're having a party upstairs.  It's as if I'm expected to understand their shortcomings as a restaurant.  Since we were both (hubby & I) usually annoyed upon leaving, we don't go there anymore. Hopefully, they'll get it right one day.I Loooove Mrs. Tootsie's sould food. I no longer live in Philadelphia so i can't get there as often as I would like. I've tried to get my sould food to taste as good as theirs and I've failed. Love it!!!!!!Let me start off by saying the ambience was beautifal however, the food was just ehh. Fried wings are too big, collard greens came out cold, mac&cheese dry, fried fish was fishy hence old, pork ribs were tough like rubber, fried chicken breast cooked too long so it was dry, string beans greasy and the yams were overcooked. The only thing that deserves a 5 star is the cornbread with berry butter. Not sure if we had a bad night or what but the pictures don't match how the food actually tastes.Ate here Labor Day Sunday and Maureen was on point even though they were short staffed. She was attentive and the food was great as usual (Sadiki Fried Catfish, greens, mac n cheese and yams, plus pound cake for my friend's bday)!
Singing Happy Birthday to my friend with a tambourine put icing on the cake and made both of us feel so special!! It was the perfect birthday present from me to her. Thanks for making me look good!I stopped by Ms. Tootsies for the first time as it was a recommendation from a friend. I was told I would find some of the finest southern cuisine here and they were not lying. The ambiance of Ms. Tootsies is absolutely amazing. Once you walk in you're greeted by warm hostesses that are ready to fulfill your needs. There are many bars and lounge areas in Ms. Tootsies so even if you didn't want to eat, you would be able to just hang out and have a good time with some beautiful people.
While waiting for your food you're blessed with the sound of old school R&B and Jazz music from the all time greats. If you're on a date it will definitely set the mood right away. The food was absolutely amazing. I ordered the smothered pork chops with collard greens and macaroni and cheese. I always start off with my Mac and cheese first, because I believe you can tell a lot about a soul food restaurant by their Mac and cheese, they did not disappoint! The smothered pork chops was cooked to my liking and had the perfect amount of gravy. 
There is also this amazing ice tea that comes with a watermelon attached to the drink. Even though I don't care for the watermelon the ice tea was still to die for.I ordered last night via Uber eats and when I received my order, it was wrong! I asked for cabbage, instead I was sent collard greens. They were bland with no meat and a piece of onion! I ordered fried whiting and asked for tartar sauce to be sent, of course it wasn't. I even called the restaurant to ask if they would send me some before they dispatched my order! The mac-n-cheese was good, nice and creamy.Had a wonderful time the food was good and my waitress Sakerah was very pleasant. This was definitely a good experience and I shall return soon.Oh Ms. Tootsie, so disappointed.  Been coming here for a while and the last time might just be my last time or not.  Ms. Tootsie's has been known for their made to order fried chicken or fish and the delicious sides, somehow, I think that they were not having a good day (at least I hope). The chicken was fried to a crisp, almost un-edible, the mac + cheese was so dry, definitely not fresh and this was a Saturday early evening!!! The greens were unusually bland and my always perfect Grown Folks Ice Tea was missing all of the alcohol, go figure.  I love this place, always have hence the reason for three stars.  I am so hoping that they were having a bad night, maybe new staff, something!!!  I've noticed that the prices have increased as well, but normally, worth it.  Not this night......so sad if this is the future.Hostess, food & music was good but took forever to get to our table and our waitress wasn't the best. I guess next time we'll do the bat.Today I was introduced to this restaurant visiting Philadelphia. Firstly, I would like to state that the quality of the food was impeccable. I ordered the 4 Wings and Waffles and my guest ordered the  Caesar Salad with Salmon. Both meals were excellently prepared. My compliments to the chef. 
The ambiance was neat and clean with a sheik Black and White decor. Beyoncé Lemonade was playing in the background which gave the restaurant a contemporary trendy vibe that could be appreciated. 
The service staff could've been more attentive. There was way too much staff for customers to have to wait to receive refills or additional napkins and/or condiments. 
Lastly, the syrup the restaurant selected is awful. The syrup tasted cheap and watered down. I would highly recommend they select another brand. 
The food was great overall which is why I gave it a 4 out of 5 stars. Develop your wait staff and focus on customer service and continue to provide great food.I was pleasantly surprised at Ms. Tootsies.  Soul food tends to be a very personalized taste, where people tend to shun food not made like their grandma or mother.  Ms. Tooties has given soul food a modern flair, good cocktails, twists like strawberry butter, iced tea with watermelon and classics like a great tasting mac & cheese and greens...  I don't eat meat, but the others enjoyed the fried chicken and ribs.  I had tilapia, I honestly wasn't a big fan of fried. but it was ok, also someone ordered shrimp and grits, cooked well but lightly seasoned...  The sides were great, deserts great..  Also, the waitress waited while I purchased an online restaurant .com coupon.  Great friendly service!   Overall, great experience and I would definitely go back.I heard of this place from a lot of my friends and review so I finnialyCame here last nite for my sister birthday very nice sensory other than beautiful atmosphere . Customer service was horrible I requested for waiter to sing happy birthday at 12 he forgot all about it and when I asked what happen he gave me a poor excuse that he was busy and forgot . They food was okay chicken wasn't season best part was the corn bread with the strawberry butter well my mother food taste 10x better I will not be returning ever againEVERYONE was so sweet and welcoming... i'll never hesitate to walk in there again. We had about an hour wait so we went to the upstairs lounge area, i had just wine, but my friend tried two different drinks, both nice, both STRONG. 
For dinner we did tilapia for me, and fried chicken and waffles for her. My tilapia was a little over cooked, but still good, and her chicken and waffles were GREAT! The cornbread, mac and cheese balls, and collards were AMAZING. The mac and cheese side missed the mark for me, good flavor but dry, no longer creamy. I still ate it... don't worry. 
Ms. Felicity came and saw us after our meal, and i seriously wanted to take her home with me.. she was so cute and sweet. Made our day! 
I will be going back. I want that chicken, those balls, and those greens. and that corn bread...I went here after the restaurant closed and it becomes a night club, so I can't really comment on the food.  The majority of the people there were mid/late-20s and up, and I do mean up.  There were more than a few older people there, which isn't a bad thing, it's just not really my scene.  The venue was really nice inside, the rooms were all decorated very sexy/modern, and I loved it all.  The bartenders weren't cute and not very attentive, you really had to work to get their attention.  The place was packed, but it was like a high school dance... the girls for the most part were all clustered together in a group and the guys were in their groups, everyone eyeing everyone else and making judgements, with a few couples and  a few guys that thought they were the coolest thing ever... Again, not really my scene... What happened to just dancing and having fun?  I don't think I'll be going back for the club scene, but based on the glowing reviews for the restaurant, I'll have to check it out during business hours.The cornbread and strawberry butter is to die for! Drinks are great... service is amazing. I had the Smothered Chicken Wings with Mac n cheese, Yams and Greens. The gravy was kind of salty tho but the wings were great. Great atmosphere.. Dark with only candles lighting up the place..only waited 10 min for a seat. They played Isley brothers- don't say goodnight as i entered ( my fav song) so i was super excited. Its a great date spot or a nice chill spot with a couple girlfriends. They had a extra room on the side with white padded walls. super sexy.. the menu is simple and right to the point. I love the fact that the staff dress in all white. The way they tell you about dessert is super cute.. very tempting lol but i declined. The tootsie pop along with your check is a great gesture of thank you, come again! Def. will be back!!!THEY NEVER ANSWER THE PHONE. It's almost impossible to get in touch with a real person.............so I walked there because I don't live far, I figure I'll order to-go in person. I stood at the bar for 20minutes and no one said anything to me. I called out to someone working behind the bar, "can I place a to-go order with someone please?". I was given a paused stare and was told to hold on. No apologies, no acknowledgement, so I walked out. Whenever I've been able to get food in the past it was good, I'm BEYOND disappointed and ashamed that the service is so lacking.We came here with a great Living Social deal with $40 to spend on food.  I had thought Warmdaddy's was the only option in the city for soul food but had only heard of this place when I saw the deal online, I had never noticed it before even when I lived in Philadelphia.  After discovering this place I must say it definitely beats Warmdaddy's.
The atmosphere was incredible.  After entering, we were guided by the host to our candle-lit table through the white-padded walls, curtains and hardwood floors.  They did an excellent job with the decour, probably the nicest looking place I've ever been to that has mainly fried foods on the menu. 
Every table gets corn bread muffins to munch on, but their appetizer list looked pretty delicious as well.  I we got the pork ribs and the oven roasted turkey as our entrees (Turkey was better).  As with many soul food restaurants, you choose two of their sides; corn and okra, candied yams, mac and cheese...all of which are better than the meal itself!
If you're looking for soul food, this may be the best in Philly.We were intially skeptical about this place after reading the negative reviews posted on Yelp. But we had a Amazon deal to use, so we decided to give it a try. And boy were we pleasantly surprised! I don't know if they took the comments on here to heart, but they seemed to have amped up their game. We would drive or walk by occasionally and always see people waiting outside, so we figured there'd be a bit of a wait on a Friday night. We waited at the upstairs bar area for about 25 mins. The ambience was pretty nice (going for that trendy lounge-y look I guess) and the bartender and wait staff were professional and pleasant, but they need more than one bartender there. For beer lovers, there is no beer on tap, so beware.
Once we were seated, our waitress came to take our drink orders and give us recommendations. She was very pleasant, attentive and professional. The cornbreads were nice and hot and the strawberry butter made it seem almost like a dessert. We ordered the teriyaki chicken wings as an appetizer since we saw someone upstairs order them and it looked and smelled good. They were nice, hot, meaty wings with a not-too-sweet teriyaki sauce. My husband ordered the fried catfish...delicious! His sides were the cabbage and string beans. Cabbage was tasty, but string beans were a bit mushy. I ordered the fried chicken with collard green and black eyed peas. The chicken was crispy, juicy and hot, and the sides were pretty darn good, too. After eating all of our food, I also ordered the red velvet cake for dessert. Yes, I was that hungry...and it was that good!
All in all a very pleasant experience with good food and service. Maybe I'm giving them a great review because I didn't expect much? Possibly. But I have to say that even if we had gone in with high expectations, I think they would have met them. I hope they continue to strive to provide excellent food and service.The food is good. It is a soul food restaurant and is always well done. The price is reasonable. Two major downfalls is parking, and the wait time. I really wish this place allowed reservations at least.I went to  the restaurant with low expectations due to the mixed reviews. It  took a while to be seated but we didn't have a reservation and ended up eating  at the bar instead of waiting for a table.  They served muffins piping hot with delicious strawberry butter - scrumptious.  Next was a Cesar salad with a really nice dressing, don't know  what it was but it  was good.  The fried chicken was delicious and again, it was hot !  They could probably do with better and more organized staff but because it wasn't overly busy for a Tuesday it worked ok for us.My first time trying them out and I was not disappointed. The decor was amazing,ambiance very cozy, everyone from hostess to bartender were friendly and helpful. The food was delicious! I will definitely go back when I visit again!I brought my boyfriend here for his first time. 
The rooms are very nice and the decor is very chic. Only complaint is the one room was very humid. The door/window was open and it just so happen to have been one of those hot summer days. The other room with the bar was air conditioned and seemed comfortable. 
The food was good. I had the fried chicken, green and yams. My bf had the fried tilapia, mac and cheese and greens. The food was all soo good. The price was perfect and the amount of food you get is well worth it. 
We walked out of there very satisfied. We heard a few people around us order the lamb chops so we will definitely be back to try that as well.I am deeply sadden to have to write such a depressing review for Ms Tootsie's but the service I received on 12/27/2016 was truly the final straw. The first time I visited Ms Tootsie's was over the summer with my boyfriend and despite the EXTREMELY long wait and inconsistency with customer service, I still enjoyed their food enough to come back. That feeling soon changed after a recent experience on my birthday.
My initial plan was to make a reservation with them for a party of 10, but they DO NOT make reservations over the phone, yet they do online. In hopes of having an organized event, I proceeded to try and make a reservation online to only find out you cannot make a reservation for a party larger than 8. A bit annoyed and frustrated, I still took my chances and hoped to be seated in a timely manner since my birthday was on a Tuesday night. 
I arrived at Ms Tootsie's around 8:30PM, informing the hostess that I would be having a party of around 8-10 people, unsure if they would all show. She reassured me that was fine, but the wait could be around 45 mins to an hour. That 45 minutes easily turned into an hour and that hour then turned into TWO. Me and my party weren't seated until nearly 10:30 PM, mind you this establishment closes at 11. Instead of an apology, I was instead told that the wait so long because I was "unsure" about the size of my party. Due to it being 10 people instead of 8, they didn't have a table large enough for us which is why it exceeded the estimated wait time. Instead I wish the waitress would have told me she didn't have the seating for us and I could've taken my business somewhere else rather than waiting 2 hours to eat.
Feeling guilty, the waitress offered me a free alcoholic beverage and promised to pick up the tab, in which they did. Despite the free drink, it didn't take away the sour taste Ms Tootsie's left in my mouth after this interaction. To top it off, she told me she couldn't split the check into separate bills, which then came with a nice addition of gratuity. It's sad to see such a potential gem with such horrible customer service.
If you decide to eat here, BEWARE of the nonexistent customer service! Don't expect more from here than you would at McDonalds. Be mindful.It had been a while since my last dining experience @ Ms. Tootsies. The experience indeed left a lot to be desired. The wait was tremendous - 1.5 hrs. My party, along with several other diners, were directed to wait in an upstairs lounge that had a seating capacity for four. The lounge was equipped with a large screened TV; however, there was nothing playing on it & the curtains that adorned the east wall of the room need cleaning. In addition, the lounge was directly adjacent to a multi stall unisex restroom. This certainly created an awkward situation when members of the opposite sex needed to utilize the facility. What was most disappointing was the fact that there was a huge dining area on this second level that we choose to wait in because the aforementioned lounge was full and we were asked to leave the area because it was not open. To wait for service for more than a hour standing is unacceptable. After waiting the exorbitant amount of time to be served, portions of the meal were grossly undercooked - appetizer wings and sweet potatoes and the macaroni & cheese was as dry as the Sahara Desert. On the flip side, the servers were very accommodating. They did their best to compensate for the poor dining experience. It would behoove Mr. Parker to assess what's happening here & govern himself accordingly.Went here for the first time for Mother's Day and because people had raved about it. Very nice decor on the first floor, but pretty empty on the second floor. It could use some art and additional decor to fit with the theme of the first floor. There was a fixed menu for $34.99 which was not a problem however when ordering the fried chicken meal and being told they only have dark meat and wings, I was very disappointed. To have a fixed menu and not even have a chicken breast offered is just crazy and very sketchy. I opted for the 12 oz. steak with macaroni and cheese and collard greens. The food is not short of seasoning at all as it was tasty. The cornbread was very hard and had a similar taste to fruity pebbles cereal (everyone in my party of 8 agreed) so it wasn't just me. I would come here again but wouldn't be in a rush to go back. The waitress and chef who came to inquire about the food was very nice and attempted to fix of our party's issues with a smile. A comparable restaurant would be Relish which at this point I would say is still a notch better.Came here last night after work. The food was good and the service was even better. We only ordered appetizers and drinks. Our server recommended the jerk wings and they were delicious. The crab Mac and Cheese balls were also really good. 
I remember when this restaurant first opened so it's nice to see how much they've expanded and improved their service. The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because they don't have happy hour. For a popular restaurant that's really close to a lot of corporate offices, it's weird that they don't offer that. I imagine it would bring in a ton of business. However, this place will always be a sure thing in my book.The only time I ever go here is when I have a groupon or living social voucher. Other than that, I wouldn't waste my hard earned gas money, toll money or parking money. The soul food is average; I personally believe I just pay for the nice atmosphere and experience. Every time I've gone I have been placed in the all white room with sounds of Kem playing softly in the background.  
On to the food- I usually get the shrimp and grits or fried chicken.  Its pretty good and my waiter was always patient and helpful. Overall its a good dining experienceMy first visit earlier tonight with the wife and kids.  Ms. Tootsie's is the best soul food I've had in a restaurant since Big George's on 52nd Street.  
The seating was a little tight but the food made it alright.  The corn bread and strawberry butter as well as the crab muffins were a great start.  I ordered the fried whiting with greens and potato salad - absolutely delicious.  My wife ordered the catfish which was even better than the whiting.   The serving size was more than enough for one, so I didn't have room for desert.  
The staff was friendly and helpful; especially considering my family takes a long time to decide on what to order.  
 Looking forward to the next visit.Great experience! I had a living social coupon here and it was definitely worth it! 
The cornbread muffins and strawberry butter was a delicious start along with Ms. Tootsies famous ice tea...sweet but good if that's what you like. 
We ordered the spicy crab cakes and fries for an appetizer and they were BOMB.com! Some of the best crab cakes I've ever had and the fries were yummy and crispy. 
We then shared the Fried chicken breast entree with mac and cheese and candied yams sides. The chicken was perfect, crispy on the outside, moist on the inside. The mac and cheese was good but nothing special. The yams were delicious-so sweet we almost didn't need dessert but we had to go with a slice of red velvet cake. 
Staff was friendly and we didn't wait long for our food. 
All around good experience!The staff = amazing
The food = delicious
The atmosphere = LIT
I love Ms. Tootsie's! I dined here a couple years ago and vowed to dine here when I came back to the city. I convinced 3 of my picky eating girlfriends to eat here instead of going to another restaurant. And they LOVED it. Ashley was a phenomenal hostess. She was warm, inviting, and fun. She truly made our wait an enjoyable experience, if that was even possible. The entire staff was incredibly attentive and professional, especially our server Deanna. I can't wait to come back to Philly just to eat here again!My boyfriend and I attempted to go to ms. Tootsies. When we arrived no one was at the hostess station outside so we went inside. When we arrived inside we walked to the back where we thought there was mother hostess station. The bartender yells over to us " y'all want a table " we reply yes and she walks back
Outside puts our name on the list , and we wait. Moments later another hostess comes out and immediately starts talking to a young man who just came outside after eating and they start to exchange numbers and ask about calling one another later and about instagram etc... this is all while people are waiting to
Be seated. She then says oh it's a 30 minute wait , meanwhile we have been waiting for 20. Needless to say we did not eat there. This Resturant is a Philadelphia stable but it has awful customer service and I will never ever eat her or attempt to ever again. What a awful experience.Fried chicken and mac and cheese was perfect. Their cornuffins with strawberry butter soo good! Went on a Monday around 5:30 and got a seat immediately. I also used my living social voucher with no problem.I can't remember the last time I gave a 1 star review and I can't remember my boyfriend ever not tipping.  But, Ms. Tootsies was by far one of the worst dining experiences we have ever had.  I purchased a Living Social voucher a little before Christmas.  So when NYE came around and we had not made plans, I called the restaurant to see if we could use the voucher.  The gentleman who answered the phone was lovely and stated that they were one of the few restaurants that didn't have a pricey NYE menu or cover and all that nonsense.  We arrived at 10pm after battling to find non existent parking on South Street.  It took a moment for the hostess to greet us and the restaurant was not crowded.  It took about 15 more minutes for our waitress to greet us and that was only after the hostess went to go get her.   The waitress was so aloof.  When my boyfriend asked her how the Grown People's iced tea was, she replied "ok that's what you want and for you miss?" Umm, I guess she interpreted his question about the drink as actually having ordered it.  After we had to ask for bread, she brought it out 10 minutes later with her bare finger on top of one of the muffins.  So gross.  We sent it back and she came back very apologetic.  We waited forever for overcooked fish and chicken; both tasted like they'd been cooked in old oil. I tried giving Ms. Tootsie's several chances and every dining experience is a miss.  Never again. Somehow I think Ms. Tootsies thinks it's better than it actually is because one would think that they'd get their act together by now.  I guess not. Anyway, Happy New Year y'all.OMG.. A mess... Where do I begin??? Ok so I called from home to place a phone order, that did not go well, Some guy put me on hold and left me there for 10 minutes before I started pushing buttons and screaming hello.. I was afraid to hang up because I knew once I called back that the phone would be busy.. and it was. So dying for some soul food, that I could have gotten mommy to make for me at home, at least I would have enjoyed it!!! So me and my fiance drive over to his dysfunctional soul food cafe to fine an over posh venue the size of my living room ARE U SERIOUS??? Yes, they were. Nobody knew what the hell was going on, I already walked in with a little tude because of the phone treatment I mentioned earlier. Well Mr. GQ told us to go to the bar and place our order, whatever, STANDING there for 5 minutes before the bartender Lauren  asked if I wanted order.. Ummm, yeah. So she called someone over to take our order and she was good and got everything right. We order the famous Iced Tea but six dollars is robbery and gun point. It was good not good enough to pay six dollars for a non alcohol beverage. Mac and cheese was good yams were sweet and it looked like orange lumps with goo that oosed into my mac and cheese. My fiance had chicken and it was like heart attack salty.. Fish was horrible, I make fried fish better than this place. My advise take the time and make it at home!!!This is a great place to eat specifically for a date in my opinion. The ambience is upscale but yet intimate with the lighting and seating. The waiters are very friendly and accomodating and the most important thing the food is delicious. The prices aren't cheap so don't come unless you intend on spending some extra cash and it's very busy most of the time. If you don't mind paying a nice price and waiting for a little extra time then other places but yet have great food and service this is a place for you.WOW...WOW...WOW.  
Visiting PHL for a quick business trip and a friend suggested Ms. Tootsie's to me.  I am so thankful he did because it was amazing.
Smothered Turkey Chops - are you serious?!  And the best greens and black eyed peas I've ever had.  HIT - THE - SPOT!
"Oh and you must get the cake" my friends text said.  "Ok" said me!  Chocolate cake that's about 18 layers high (ok maybe a bit extreme) - soo moist and elegant.
The environment was elegant.  Beautiful decor and awesome music was keeping me bouncing in my seat (when I wasn't busy with my smothered turkey chops).
Yum!
When I'm in PHL again, you better believe I'll be back here!B.y.o.b. Saturdays? Sold. PSA the service and attention and overall pleasantness of the staff is the main reason for the 5 stars! Heyyy Reecie!!! 
The only thing that I can truly be irked about was how there were literally no liquor stores near/next to the restaurant. So if you're reading this, go to the liquor store on 7th and South Street before heading to the restaurant. 
Anyways we got there no bottle in tow went to a nearby store to get wine coolers/beer but then my boyfriend wanted wine so we went back to 7th and south and came back to Ms. Tootsies. The whole process probably took 30 minutes...and Ms. Tootsies was VERY busy. The hostess held our table which I really appreciated. We ordered crab cakes and fries to start.  The fries were a bit soggy but seasoned well. The crab cakes could have had a crisper outside. We also got the watermelon iced sweet tea which we mixed with cucumber vodka from the store. Yum. I ordered the chicken basket with Mac and cheese and asparagus. All perfect. Usually I like Mac and cheese to be creamy this one wasn't but still really good. The chicken truly lived up to its legacy of savory goodness and the asparagus was thick and grilled just right. He got candied yams, mashed potatoes, 4 wings and a waffle. The candied yams were sweet and soft the mashed potatoes were tasty too and kind of tasted like there was stuffing mixed in and his waffles were melt in my mouth. The portions were plenty and we definitely had leftovers this morning which tasted just as good as last night. Overall nice experience with the R&B playing (even though some songs were on repeat) over dinner in "the Love Room". Would definitely go back on my next Philly trip.If I could give this place no stars I would. I have been to Ms. Tootsies several times and each time the quality of service has gone down tremendously. 
I am involved in a women's group and a lot of the women had never been to Ms. Tootsies before so we agreed to have our first meetup there - especially because of the BYOB.
I went on their website several weeks beforehand, but it CLEARLY says they do not accept reservations more than 2 weeks in advance.
I set myself a reminder and went back on the website on 4/16 and made a reservation for a party of 8 for 4/30 and thought all was well.
I realized today that I never got an email or phone confirmation and decided to email and find out what was up. 
I received a call within 10 minutes of sending the email, but I was at work and could not answer. I called the number back and it was Ms. Tootsie's, but it machine said to call back during business hours - WEIRD!
I received another phone call and it was a gentleman who advised me that they were all booked and did not have any reservations due to the Penn Relays. How is that possible when I made my reservation on 4/16?! He was not very apologetic at all. It was kinda like a "oh well" situation. There was not any talk about how to resolve the issue at all. We are very disappointed, because they ruined a good time for us and is leaving us scrambling to find a new venue. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! Avoid Ms. Tootsies!!!!This was our first visit to Ms. Tootsies...and we will definitely go again!!
From the moment my husband & I walked in, everyone was so pleasant and immediately created a very welcome feeling. The atmosphere was cozy and really encouraged conversation. 
The food overall was tasty, but the fried shrimp were EXCEPTIONAL!! With just the perfect amount of breading to add a little crunch, each mouthful was all shrimp. The collard greens (cooked w/turkey..for those health conscious eaters) were tender and succulent. 
Pricing was average for a night out....definitely a place to visit in Philly!!
TM5