Had to write a review after the fantastic customer service I received here.  Just dropped in while in the area for a friend's wedding and wanted to get a cheese steak.  When in line I noticed someone was getting a fruit smoothie and mentioned it aloud.  Next thing I know, the owner was offering us a free sample.  He also had great suggestions of what to order and even showed us some of his creations on his phone.  Needless to say the cheese steak here definitely hit the spot (and try their smoothies).  Everyone was extremely nice and I could tell this place is just a neighborhood staple.  I hope something else brings me back up to Philadelphia so I can visit again.I've lived in the area for almost five years and I just tried Mt Airy Deli for the first time today. I certainly wish I had stopped in sooner. You've got to try the Salmon Cheeseburger with homemade tarter sauce. Absolutely DELISH!This is my second time having lunch from the Mt. Airy Deli.  Today, we ordered through GrubHub.  The gentleman who delivered the food followed the directions provided and was very witty.  I like that.  Now the food.  My boss ordered the Reuben, it was still warm and he liked the sandwich.  I ordered the Salmon Burger with Shrimp.  Four words Dih lish uh s = Delicious.  Ha!  Very good and filling sandwich with a salmon burger with shrimp on top sauteed spinach and cheese.  A mouth full of joy.  I wish they where open a little later in the evening.  When my DH and I drive by after work, they are often closed.  I will order from them again.  Fast delivery and great food too!We made our first stop at Mt Airy Deli today.  Let me tell you something...The food was delicious!!!  Ordered the beef surf & turf, Italian hoagie and po boy sandwich.  I was a little skeptical about shrimp on a cheese steak but I'm a believer now!! All were tasty and filling.  Exceptional customer service plus great food equals repeat visits!!!ive never aint here but the surf & turf cheese steak sounds great. i like beef i like cheese and shrimp so what can go wrong. i also see theres alot of great reviews here. if i ever get here i want me a surf and turf cheese steak. it sounds like heaven on a roll.Yo i got a hair cut today from my man uptown el and i said im hungry and he said u wanna try some offthe wall bleep go down mt airy deli yo the truth good people its so deep next time i get a cut i have to take a trip to my new spot real good foodHad a buffalo chicken cheesesteak, great bread and flavors for a reasonable price. Went in being a little worried by the looks of the place but everyone there was super friendly and gave great service, definitely would go back. Heads up that breakfast service stops at noon!First-time visit seem like a nice place look like good food came here on lunch one day only had two dollars bought a bag of chips and a cookie. ask the lady if I could have a glass of water and she said she doesn't have nothing but Slurpie cup would not let me use one. okay I understand but then said I could buy a bottle of water. So I just left. I believe water is the creation of God and if anyone so I ever asked for water should be given. Wasn't like I was asking for a free bottle of waterLocal spot! Clean and freshly made sandwiches. The owner gives great customer service. It's a my go to place on days off. Just have to remember to get there before 6pm. Don't have evening hours.Great place, good food and awesome owner! A gem in mt. Airy. They are awesome, and if you get the works you get "whatever isn't nailed down" on your sandwic; service to boot. I drove past it a hundred times and wish I went sooner. :)I've ordered here twice and the food is delicious. Their delivery is the fastest from any place I ordered. The only minor compliant is I wish they would give me a little more fries when I order but other than that the food is great.Consistency.   Very fresh food.  A pretty creative menu.  Philly fare plus a bit more.  You won't be dissatisfied. I usually get a turkey hoagie or the shrimp po boy.  Note to the store....spice up the po boy sauce and butter toast the roll. The flavors are all on one level.  
Over all great lunch or Saturday grub.Love this deli! Great service. Good standard deli options. Excited to try their foodie specials.New to the area, I was scanning Yelp for various types of food. I came across Mt. Airy Deli and saw the surf & turf cheesesteak. Today, I decided it was time to try it.
     I drove over to the location with the intention of getting takeout. I ordered the surf & turf cheesesteak with the beef, fried shrimp, and onions. It sounds like they have a lot of topping options, but I kept it simple. I also got an order of fries.
     I got home and ate. It was quite delicious. Cooked very well, these shrimp were very impressive. Large size, just the right texture. I'm not sure how they make their shrimp, but well done! The steak itself was also good enough to have alone as well as the fries (fresh cut I believe). Seriously, the only downside was I did takeout, so I probably lost a little crispness to the fries/shrimp, but that in no way changes my review. I kind of knew to expect it by the time I drove home.
     Overall... Go to this business for a good sandwich. Everyone working was extremely friendly and welcoming. I'm going to do my best to not constantly be ordering out.I have been a long time Chubby's and  Dallesandros cheesesteak fan. Both use fresh meat,soft roll, and sweet onions. I decided to give this place a try due to proximity to my house, and its rating of best cheesesteak in Mt Airy. Their surf and Turf cheesesteak is definitely comparable to the two places above, maybe slightly better. The meat is delicious, bun is soft, and the added taste of 6 large fried shrimp that give this sandwich a delicious twist. They also have a few other delights between two pieces of bread. They have definitely earned a repeat customer.I remeber when I used to wait on Mr. C way back when. He told me he was going  to open up a deli. He did. Still has the best breakfast in town! Super nice guy!I'm a new student at the nearby Lutheran Seminary where I'll begin classes in August. My wife and I came to Philadelphia this weekend to scout the area, including finding places for me to eat. Mt. Airy Deli is receiving good reviews overall here on Yelp!, so we decided to give them a try - since its just a couple blocks away.
First impressions...
From the outside the place appears a bit rough/neglected and it gave us pause. But we opted to proceed inside. Abdul, the owner, was putting tables and chairs outside and warmly welcomed us - while also helping my wife inside who currently has some mobility challenges. Once inside, the first thing I noticed was a sticky floor. Still, we continued...
Menu...
They offer an impressive variety of foods, and we quickly figured out the absence of pork products indicated Abdul and his family are Muslim. This was in no way a problem for us. We weren't super hungry while still adjusting to a new time zone, so we each ordered one of their breakfast sandwiches. Both were very much on point, well made and flavorful. Abdul suggested the addition of spinach to both, which we did, and it was a good choice. We also both ordered coffee. More specifically, I ordered black coffee, while my wife prefers a little coffee with her cream and sugar. This is one place where Mt. Airy could use a slight bit of improvement. Abdul simply brought out an already open and partially used, quart size container of half-n-half for my wife's coffee. I'd be very surprised if this is permitted by the health code. The creamer should've been either in individual, sealed containers - or in its own pitcher/dispense.
Service...
Abdul was VERY friendly and outgoing. We had a great discussion about our faiths, interspersed with other observations of life. The deli was slow during the time we were there, so he spent quite a bit of time simply visiting with us. I felt as though I was sitting in the dining room of his home, visiting with a good friend.
Final thoughts...
This is a good choice of places to eat. The outside could use some sprucing up, and the floor a good mopping. But otherwise, we enjoyed our meal and the company very much - and felt very welcome despite our cultural, religious and ethnic differences.So glad to have a place like this in Mt. Airy.   I just tried it for the first time a couple of months ago and wish I had gone there sooner!  Their Southern Comfort Chicken Sandwich is one of my favorites.   Reasonably priced & friendly staff.  They don't serve pork products so all their cold cuts, bacon, etc is turkey.I can't believe I've slept on this place! I wanted to wait until tomorrow to review (when I go visit again with a fellow foodie friend) but between the Caesar salad, surf and turf cheesesteak, and shrimp po' boy...I couldn't wait. I found a new favorite neighborhood spot!
All great and tasty flavor, nice portions, decent price, and I didn't need to wait long for my delivery! Also courteous and friendly customer service for taking my order and delivery - all the things I love. 
In addition to the usual suspects, the menu has creative choices too. Foodies in other parts of Philly need to make a trip over to Mt. Airy Deli! 
I wish this place was open later than 6pm but based on my first experience - I'll make the effort to order before close. 
Looking forward to diving into their breakfast sometime soon!Mt. Airy Deli has changed our neighborhood, I remember when this deli opened and all it has done is GROW, and GROW, the best food this side of Mt. Airy stop in and say hello to Mr. Thomas and ask for the corned beef special and SALMON BURGER surf and turf.. Excellent Food..OMG.....I decided to check this place out based on Yelp reviews.....and let me say I was not disappointed.  I ordered the Southern Comfort sandwich and my teenaged daughter opted for the Salmon Cheeseburger Surf n Turf.  As we bit into our sandwiches we screamed with delight.  Then I tried hers and she tried mine....I  haven't tasted a sandwich this amazing since I can recall.....I also picked up he phone and called the Deli to personally thank them for creating food this great.  My daughter loved her burger  so much she told her father about it and begged him to take her the next day.  He also tried the salmon surf n turf n agreed it was one of the best sandwiches he's had and thats saying a lot because he lives in Maryland and they are known for seafood.  The staff and customer service was great.  Please go check this place out and tell them I sent you....maybe the salmon surf n turf burger will become the Joi burger.Food was great mmmmmmmm surf and turf steak was delicious chicken cheese steak was very good French fries  were greatMy friend and I were starving after a long day of hiking and swimming at Devils Pool. We needed some good sandwiches. We found this place on Yelp and it was a perfect little neighborhood deli. The people who work there are awesome, great service and delicious food!Holy moly this place is good. My husband and I want to go back soon. They couldn't have made us happier. A gem of a spot in East Mt. Airy.Mt Airy Deli was the scene of my first Philadelphia hoagie and man, it was good. Generous in both size and flavor, you could tell that the sandwich was made with love. We had a couple of side as well to round out the meal and they were tasty as well. The delivery was quick and very friendly (I think it was the owner {whoever it was, the man took pride in the product}). My hat is off to this place.Food was great came in less than 20 minutes. Great local spot to get a po boy. I took a trip to New Orleans and fell in love with Po Boy's this place is as close as it gets. That lemon caper aioli is life!!! Try them out. A bit pricey but totally worth it!!went to the deli for the first time yesterday for lunch and couldn't have been happier. my wrap was incredible... grilled chicken, shrimp, romaine, cooper sharp, and buffalo sauce. shrimp and chicken cooked to perfection. can't wait to try the rest of the menu. owners could not have been nicer!We just moved to the neighborhood and we are exploring the best places to order takeout. I must say, I loved every bit of my Italian hoagie with a side of fries. The food was fresh and arrived quickly. Will definitely order from here again.It's kind of surprising the lack of good quality food you can get in Mt. Airy. Have gotten shrimp Po boys from there they are excellent. The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that if you're eating in there's not much ambiance, and they close early.Came here with my boyfriend. Their salmon and shrimp burgers are delicious. 
Staff is very friendly. I will come back.I am a serious home cook and rarely eat someone else's idea of food. This gentleman is the exception every single item on his menu work of art and just as delicious quality ingredients in the hands of a master is rare in mt airy or chestnut hill.Came upon this place by pure accident while driving pass for work. Thought it was going to be a typical mom and pop shop you normally see in Philly. Man was I thrown off by the clean interior, and greeted by the biggest smile ever. Friendliest service ever!! if only more places be as great as them. But to the food ordered the special Smitty Surf&turf, a cheesesteak with some of the biggest crispy shrimp; he does not skimp.
Great price, great portion, friendly service. You cannot beat it. 
P.s had to order another smitty surf and turf to go because its just that good. If you're reading this I dont believe in instagram!!Very very good.  Looks like a Mom and Pop owner operated shop...meaning the people who are making your food put maximum  care and effort into your meal.  Place looks like it is pretty busy and their meats and veggie are fresh. Rolls were excellent.    They have all the standard steaks and hoagies and also some creative sandwich combo's which I can't wait to try.  Located in a walkable neighborhood and their eat-in dining area has a hometown feel.After ordering from other spots and getting horrible food I was told about the Mt. Airy Deli. I called to see if they delivered. I ordered the Surf and Turf Cheesesteak and fries. The cheesesteak was the best! The fries were still hot. The customer service over the phone was nice and pleasant. I will order from them again.This hidden gem has great food reasonably priced! Try their shrimp po'  boy.  You wont be disappointed.  Lived around the corner for years before stopping in.  I can't believe I didn't find it sooner!This place came HIGHLY recommended to me by the ladies in the hair salon I go to. *Shout out to Gabbie's* I came home and noticed that they closed at 5PM on a Saturday. I called after 4 and placed an order where the owner took my order but said that his driver was leaving before my order would be done. Do you know the owner was so nice and delivered it to my house on his way home?!? What service!! The food was delicious! 
I had the Surf n Turk cheesesteak with the shrimps (which were huge and tasted fresh!) and my daughter had the Southern Comfort (she loved it!) and we also wanted to try the 6 buffalo wings because we're trying to find a place in Mt. Airy with good wings. EVERYTHING was awesome!! The buffalo wings are the perfect size (not too big and meaty) and the sauce was delicious- next time I would ask for them to be well done, as I like mine well done. We'll DEFINITELY be ordering again!Owner is super friendly, has been there for over 20 years I believe.  I had a chicken salad sandwich which was great and fiancé had turkey sandwich which was also awesome.  Fair prices too.  You can get deli meat in the shop if you don't want a sandwichJust finished my breakfast platter and it was super yummy!!! I cant believe I never ate here before. The prices are very reasonable, the owner is very friendly, and did I mention that the food was super yummy! Im happy that I finally found a neighborhood place that has good french toast and he doesnt skimp on the powdered sugar either. I excited to try lunch next time and I may even get it delivered. I highly recommend this place. Try it and you will Not be disappointed.I wish I had tried this place sooner because it is awesome!!  I work about 5 minutes from the location and am always looking for a quick bite that isn't too expensive.  I ended up getting the Shrimp Po Boy which took me all of 3 minutes to house.  The roll is fresh, the shrimp are HUGE and prepared perfectly, the veggies are crisp and crunchy and there wasn't a gallon of tarter sauce covering everything, just the right amount!  The owner is super friendly and ordering is simple whether you do it online, call in or stop in.  This is the definition of hidden gem!  I will definitely be back to try the other menu items, especially breakfast!  Do yourself a favor and check this place out, you will not be disappointed.I enjoy the food here and their location is convenient, my one complaint is that sometimes they're randomly closed and the phone goes to voicemail.  But their facebook page says they're open.  Other than that the foods goodStands out above other places in the area. Always fresh and delicious. The deli sandwiches are packed to the brim, the southern fried chicken sandwich and shrimp po boy were awesome. Even the salad was super fresh, have to imagine everything on the menu is a hit.What a great little spot for lunch! Had the Southern Comfort Speciality Sandwich it was as warm and wonderful as the owners! Don't get me started on the sweet potato pie! Delish!Great food! Great service!  The price is normal. They make the best hoggies! all fresh ingredients a very inviting place to hv lunch, breakfast,  or jus to stop by for a quick snack. Highly recommend!I ordered a spinach salad with shrimp and fried fish!! It was everything I wanted!! I will be back. The owner was so pleasant and food was prompt!Amazing surf and turf both the beef and chicken steaks fries are crispy and nicely salted great and fast service also delivers which is great many different payment optionsThis place is awesome. The food is delicious and the owner is a super cool guy . He'll talk with you at the counter about what you want. Very clean and open with outdoor seating for nice weather. Prices range from 5-10 bucks. Well worth it for a stellar sandwich. My recommendation is the surf and turf cheesesteak with hots and fried onionsUpdate: Just received another meal. Breakfast sandwich with eggs/ Turkey sausage. Fish and grits with cheese. Delivery was quick. The food was piping hot. Everything was delicious. Clean not greasy. Professional and courteous attitude! Very happy.I loved this place... and felt welcome as soon as I walked in..
Clean...
staff was very polite , and pleasant!
I had the breakfast burrito with beef bacon
It was filling, and "rub your tummy" good
Stop in and give them a try
I think I'll try the breakfast chicken sandwich next!My mom has lived near the place for years and today was my first time ever stopping in for food. I've driven by this place probably thousands of times. As strange as it may sound I "discovered" this hidden gem on yelp. The pics of the salmon cheesesteak and blueberry pancakes got me. However, I was in the mood for a turkey club and it was amazing. 
I am definitely coming here again soon and will make this one of my stops next I'm visiting from Brooklyn.
Brother Raheem provides great service and great food.My husband and I have been wanting to try this deli for years.  Unfortunately, we always seem to think about it after they are closed.  We finally made it in today for lunch.  We will never make the mistake of waiting til after 6 again!
     My husband got the salmon burger with fried shrimp on top and fries.  In his words, the burger was "possibly the greatest thing he's ever eaten!" The salmon tasted very fresh and was perfectly cooked.  
     I had the Italian hoagie with the works.  The hoagie was bigger than my head!  It was delicious.  Perfect ratio of meat, cheese, condiments, and "works"(hots, sweets, pickles)
     We also got a turkey hoagie to go for dinner tonight.   We are veterans to Philly grub spots and this has to be in your top 3 at this point . No joke , make sure you go .
    We were very pleased and will be back for sure!I just discovered this place. It is now my go to after work if i do not want to cook. Best tuna hoagies ever!!I love their Ruben sandwiches!  The customer service is tops.  Highly recommend this charming little place!1st time visit today. Found out about them thru Instagram.  My husband was glad to try it because they don't have any pork products. Although my husband isn't Muslim he doesn't eat pork and it's hard finding spots that offer beef bacon. My family ordered fish(whiting) and grits that comes with eggs and toast, a breakfast burrito w/beef bacon. A side of grits and a side of French toast. We added cheese to both grits and eggs. The total was a lil less then $25 so not to bad. The fish was seasoned well and grits were cheesy. The portion was big I couldn't even finish it. My husband enjoyed his burrito. We both were stuffed so we didn't get to trying the French toast yet but I'm sure it's tasty. I would definitely return again. We had our food to go but they also offer sit-in and delivery I believe thru GrubHub!The food was incredible and reasonable priced. Had a good conversation going with the owner while I waited. Nice folks!Very surprised!  I ordered the fish and grits which came with toast and eggs and the fish was seasoned well and complimented the grits! It was my 1st time ordering from them and trying fish and grits. Needless to say, when I'm in Chestnut Hill I will be ordering from them. I would have given 5 stars if my order didn't take 45 minutes to receive.Nice Mom and Pop style store with good food and reasonable prices. I ordered a cheesesteak with fries, and everything tasted good. Menu options sounded very good, but I wanted to go light on the first visit. I can't wait to try what else they offer.I've ordered from here a few times since I relocated to Philadelphia and it has become one of my favorites. The staff is extremely nice and the food is excellent. The Summer Strawberry salad was amazing as well as every sandwich I've had thus far.All I can Say is "Surf and Turf Cheesesteak"! I've ordered from Them A couple of times, Excellent Customer Service and Fast Delivery. Awesome Food!I love this little corner deli tucked away in East Mount Airy. The owner Abdul prepares everything fresh himself, and unlike a lot of hole in the wall places in the area, you can actually sit down inside or out and enjoy your meal. Love the sandwiches, steaks, and especially the turkey burger. Also a great place to catch up on the local goss. I only wish they were open more.The salmon cheese burger with shrimp was great ! stop in for lunch while working in the area and I wasn't disappointed at all , well worth $11 bucks  !!I have been ordering breakfast everyday for about 2 weeks. (Grubhub)  Fish and grits, eggs. Very simple. Done right. I have also tried the corn beef special. Which is a very hearty sandwich.I read that they do not make skimpy sandwiches. This is true.  The guy who drops off the food is kind and professional. Coffee and cocoa is hot! The food is always hot and fresh.  It is always packaged properly. They have never gotten a meal wrong. I do recommend Mt. Airy Deli. Simple, friendly service with a smile.This spot is "slept on".  If you've ever driven past, that's probably all you've done.  A certain website that suggests restaurants in your area guided me to it a few months ago and I have been a fan since.
There are, certainly, drawbacks.  The staff is a bit rude and it takes them a while to get you your stuff and and and... Definitely loses this place a full star, I just don't get what is so friggen hard about pretending like you want me as a customer, let alone gold star service with a smile.
Having said that, absolute 5 star food.  They have a bunch of "American Food" (fries and what have you) and a few cool variations on those; Southern/cajun inspiration for days (get the Reese wrap; it's chicken, and shrimp, and amazing).
They have so many flavors of Nantuckets Nectars... I'm pretty sure that alone earns one full star.
If you don't mind terrible attitudes and somewhat nonchalant service, this place is a gem you don't want to miss out on.Awesome little deli with a few tables inside & outside. The service was amazing!! The food was superb, along with the smoothies. I absolutely recommend visiting this for a quick meal.Excellent and attentive service. Food is fresh, made to order and tastes great. I had a corn beef hoagie and it was very delicious. I hope I'm back in the area soon to try other things on the menu. Keep it up!Super-fresh sandwich.  Outdoor seating.  Quick service and a great deal.  What is there not to like?
Opted for the special honey-turkey sandwich on the way out of the vet today and glad I stumbled on such a gem in lovely Mt. Airy.  Cute one-room deli with an assortment of chips and sodas to compliment.  Swoon!Good meal.  Excellent service.  Friendly to all.  Great place to go.  Wife had Philly cheese steak and I had salmon cheese steak.  Good meal.Ordered a turkey hoagie the works. It definitely wasn't the best I've ever tasted, but good enough. To be honest, the meat tasted a little funky to me, but with all added additions, it helped with the overall flavor. I would give this place another try, maybe something else next time.This place looks rough on the outside and to be honest it could use some work on the inside as well, but even so it is clean. A clean place is always a plus to me. Now for the food. It takes a little longer than I'd like but the operator makes up for it with plesant conversation and soft jazz playing in the background. So far I have har a delicious steak sandwich an the chicken finger platter. Both were priced to move and were very good.This place is great. A model business for the community. First thing I always look at is customer service. So many businesses in the Germantown/Mt. Airy corridor have terrible customer service, and it ruins the entire experience. Not so with Mt. Airy Deli. From the moment you step foot in that place you are treated with genuine courtesy and respect. The food is amazing: fresh ingredients, healthy menu options, not so healthy menu options, but all delicious. Their breakfast selection is arguably one of the best in the whole city. I highly recommend.Spotless, super clean and excellent food with friendly, smiling faces.
I had the salmon egg and cheese and it was banging!Perfection...and kindness as well. I strongly recommend this place. They also offer excellent value - quality of ingredients, taste, and price.Over a year later and I still love this place! I moved so I am no longer in the delivery area, but I made a point to drive out of my way to get food here today. It was well worth it! The Jumbo Shrimp Hoagie is amazing. I have never been disappointed with my order here.This was my first time here. I was searching for good fried shrimp and I came across this deli. Yelp users gave it good reviews so I figured I try it and support a local black owned business. I purchased the Jumbo Shrimp Hoagie as stated on the menu and added sliced red onions. I was a little skeptical because of the toppings but figured to give it a try. I loved it. The combination of it made it really tasty!The best selection of eats in Philly! They actually have deli meats also which now days is a strange occurrence. I always go for the salmon steak with jumbo shrimp sandwich 
Always clean and definitely a spot you're excited to tell folks about!!I found this slice of heaven in Mt Airy's eclectic neighborhoods thanks to Yelp and "local favorites". When I got out of the car, I was so excited as the most fantastic aroma pulled me in!
I thought I was going to get a Philly cheesesteak but started a conversation with Cooker T. He asked how I heard of them, and I told him thru Yelp and he instantly new what I might like. I'm pretty open in trying new things ; he pointed me to the salmon burger with special sauce, and other special toppings and it was FABULOUS! The heaping helping of sweet potato fries were incredible as well and seasoned to perfection! Thank you Cooker to you and your grandson and keep up the great work!I ordered the small chef salad and it filled me up, turkey cheese eggs crispy lettuce.  Friendly employees....good to see local corner business doing well...nice neighborhood..I recently stopped here for lunch while in the area.  I noticed all of the pictures and I thought the food looked amazing.  
I can say that the owner was working and was really friendly.  I could tell he must have a lot of repeat business because of his personality.  The crispy buffalo chicken hoagie was really good.  The rolls were excellent and fresh.  
The rest of the food looked amazing.  Next time I am in the area I will certainly go back and try something else.I mean all I can say is I've never had a bad meal or experience there at all. You must get the salmon surf and turf.This is not your average deli. It's better! Extremely good food at a great price. The staff is very friendly and work fast. No frills just great food. I ordered the salmon surf-n-turf burger.... it was extraordinary to say the least. If you are in the neighborhood this is a must stop place.This is one of those places that if you're not paying attention your ass is up. The food here is excellent and they have a variety of Premium deli meats and Artesia and Cheese's. It's a family-owned business so the customer service here is world class