the man at the front counter is insanely rude. the way he answers the phone really took me surprise, didn't even say hello just immediately "what you want" ... his accent also makes ordering even harder. I order from here a lot because it's close to my job and the food is always good but the service is HORRIBLE!!!! treat your costumers with some respect.Great Roast Beef and Cheese. Good Chicken Cheese Steak too.Surprisingly good!  My chicken salad was ... good!  My wife's cheese steak was .... good!  A good value downtown within walking distance of our hotel.  We like. 
I liked it better than (no, don't say it!) Jones right nearby.  
It is definitely NOT fancy, but when you just want a fast sandwich, a bag of chips and a soda, this'll do it for you.Munchies is a sweet find in the area. Looking to grab some lunch for $10 or less? I recommend this location! They have an unique menu for sandwiches and salads so you can try different things. Service is quick and swift but it can be busy during the lunch hour so plan accordingly or call ahead!  You can take out or eat in because it's pretty spacious inside.Was in the area on an early Saturday morning and I was surprised by how few options there were for a cheap, quick meal--this place is perfect for just that. i quickly found this place and it was the answer to my anti-brunch Saturday morning hunger.
This place is a walk-up style cafe and be sure to check out the wide, colorful menu -- you can't miss it! It is colorful and vibrant, just like this city. I went with the Western Omelette; at first, I thought I was getting just an omelette for the price listed, but the huge surprise came when I was told that it also comes with a side of my choice-- and toast! For $5, you definitely are getting the most bang for your buck -- and a pretty filling meal. 
I can't say I was overall impressed with the meal -- the omelette was pretty plain and came with a slice of pepper, tomato, and a slice of ham. The hash brown was on the hard side and wasn't that great, and toast is just toast, but I wish they offered some spread. The service was really odd -- the woman (whom I assume is the owner) had a complete 180, from being cold, to extremely hospitable, from bringing me my food and a bottle of ketchup, to offering to throw my trash for me. Really weird, but the food was average, but sufficient enough for a quick meal.Great place for breakfast and lunch. They have so many different items to choose from. Price is fair for what you get.
Place is very busy around the lunch hour 12-1pm. But the staff gets the orders out very quick.
You will be happy you stopped.The perfect spot to grab a bite. 
Friendly service, great food, good prices, and a large selection (plus breakfast foods!). Everything I've gotten from them has been tasty: cranberry turkey melt, chicken fingers, salads, sweet potato fries...
It's my go-to spot for take out, but the place is bright and well-kept enough that I wouldn't mind eating in sometime.Affordable. Straight forward and tasty. Great place near the historic district. Recommended. Clean and nice interior.Great hole in the wall place. Shared the Breakfast Platter and the Cheese Steak Hoagie. Ended up putting an egg on the hoagie and it was FANTASTIC. Perfect amount of meat, cheese, mushrooms, and peppers. Delicious!Came here at 4:30 to get something quick to-go and they tell me it's closed. Door is unlocked, sign on door says open until 5, online says open until 5. What a horrible way to run a business. Will never be back.Good food. Have been here for both breakfast and lunch. Definite must to understand the lunch crowd here is vicious. If you walk in you may spend your lunch waiting. Be smart and call ahead! Typical food but cooked very well. Plus side everything is always flavorful. All of the good stuff is high in calories. Probably not the place for someone dieting. Some seating available inside but again, competitive at peak times. Not a place I'd travel downtown for but is a nice option if you work in the area and want tasty and reasonably priced options.Munchies was a big fave in our family while we lived in Philly in 2012 and 2013. Delicious food, huge portions, wide variety of options, fast and friendly service and unbeatable prices. I love the fun atmosphere and convenient location, too. We miss you Munchies!I've never had anything here I didn't enjoy but they often put cheese on things when I ask for none and the wait is almost always really long if you don't order ahead.My coworker is obsessed with Munchies.  He invited me along a couple times and who am I to say no to the Mayor (or whatever you're called when you've checked in the most) of Munchie's Cafe?  
He loves their wing dings, but he has never offered me a ding to wing or to try, so I can't attest to how amaaazing they are, but I can tell you their fries are the best in a 2 block radius.  Their sandwiches are well prepared (good thing too since the place has a deli counter), but their grilled items are pretty boring and lack anything special.
Overall, it's a nice lunch spot.  I wonder if I keep accompanying the Mayor, he will appoint me to his cabinet.Went to Munchies with co-worker as we were waiting for our breakfas a mouse ran right across the floor and then there was a mouse sitting in the middle of the dining area. I will never go here again.you better check your receipt and your order - if I hadn't asked about why they charged so much they would never have corrected food order bill - In addition, I work down the street and there aren't very many decent places to get lunch  takeout - since they claim to make breakfast all day one would expect that the could prepare an omelet as requested but they make it the the same, dry omelet no matter how i have requested it -they cut rolls when you ask them to not cut in half -  when you ask for shredded hash browns they subsitute the greasy patties because they're faster to cook but fail to mention it to you until you have walked 2 blocks to your office - they take forever to make your order. I suspect they di business despite poor servife and fod prep because of their location .Menu is huge and a little overwhelming with its diversity. Service was a little slow but the food was good. I had a breakfast sandwich for lunch which was tasty and warm - what more could you ask for?This place is good for a quick, inexpensive breakfast in Philly. They have healthier options as well, which I appreciated. They even let me switch out the cheese and get turkey sausage instead of regular sausage. The guy at the register even brought my food to me. I like it!my co workers and I order here almost every week. it feels like they either get my order wrong or they're confused with pick up or delivery.. Worst customer service I experience since they change owner. last week I ordered burger platter with a side of  honey mustard. they forgot my honey mustard and charge for it. also asked me to walk over there to pick it up.. umm...no i asked for delivery  for a reason. today my co worker called and placed an order and they forgot about us we waited for an hr . they need to get it together ! I'm giving them two stars only because I like their food and delivery guy is nice.Not sure why this pace gets such mixed reviews.  I have been several times and never have a bad experience and the food overall is excellent.Great little cafe on Chestnut with a wide variety of American sandwiches and smoothies. Quick service and reasonable prices. We ordered the cranberry turkey melt and a BLAT (bacon lettuce avocado tomato) and left happy!Good place to grab traditional sandwiches or anything fried. However, you can't eat in or risk smelling like you were the one doing the frying!I like this place for a quick lunch, and especially for breakfast served all day. Enjoy dropping in for a smoothie as well. An easy neighborhood place.Munchies is dirty....a friend if mine went in to pick up breakfast, and the cook is killing a fly with the spatula he cooks the food with!!!!! Then kills a roach!!!! Neddless to say ill never eat there again. Not to mention the bathroom is supposed to be for customers only, but u lock the door so the customer cant use it, rhen no one has a key. Health dept should shut u nast mfs down!!!! I had to hit a star in  order to post...but u mfs get nothingReasonable prices and a great menu, munchies cafe is a welcome addition to the lunch offerings of the area. 
I don't know what this little space used to be, but now it's a nice lunch place which offers a full deli set and more. Especially good are the wingdings, breaded chicken wings. You can tell these are popular because they lowered the amount if them you get per order!
The sandwiches are okay for the price, and the salads are a great size. The only problem is breakfast. Offerings are expensive compared to other nearby place and the food doesn't taste good. All in all, check this out for a cheap lunch!I got a grilled chicken sandwich with avocado and tomato (asked for bacon but did not receive). The chicken was lukewarm, there was next to no avocado or tomato and was charged 8.00. I don't think I'll be returning.At first, I thought, well, why do people bother with Old Nelson?  It seemed cheaper, to have a less eclectic variety, but more convenient... totally tolerable...
Not so much, it turned out. The wait time is absurd, especially when I placed by wrap order after a caesar salad and 15 minutes went by between my (albeit large, but predominately lunch meat-dominated) wrap's arrival and the salad. Oh! and between them came a reportedly pretty bland burger. 
Personally, I wouldn't bother the wager that ordering a burger at such a place would cost. But I hoped this was a chill alternative to Old Nelson, which is packed and pricey. A little too chill perhaps? Even at that, the one staff member who interacted most with customers seemed not to have much concern for the quality of his service or attitude. 
Some sort of bread chips accompanied my wrap. They were bad. Overall, just lackluster. I would maybe try their breakfast options (apparently served all day), because it's hard to make an Awful egg sandwich.I go in almost every morning because it's my favorite breakfast spot in Center City. Excellent service and food! Staff makes an effort to remember names and orders. Clean restaurant and fresh food. Only recommendation is to have more coffee choices.I was excited to find this place b/c my office moved to 8th & Walnut, and there aren't a lot ofgood-quality, cheaper dining options in the general vicinity (at least close enought to walk to & back within a half-hour lunch period).  So far I've ordered the BLAT (which I thought was really good, lots of bacon & avocado), the cheeseburger (just ok), and two paninis (barbecue chicken/bacon/provolone/sundried tomato, and the grilled chicken/parmesan/sundried tomato) - both were tasty and very large; I took home half both times so got dinner out if it too.  Next time I' plan to order the Cobb salad; I saw someone order that today and it was a beautiful-looking salad.  I also want to try breakast here since they offer some interesting, fairly cheap breakfast options (ex: Crunch French - French toast dipped in Cap'n Crunch)The prices are very reasonable, too, by Center City standards.
The only downside for me is how long you have to wait to get your food.  It was very crowded when I came in the first couple of times, so I chalked the wait up to that, but the secnod couple of times it wasn't really that busy and I waited just as long.  Still, I'll definitely keep coming here b/c of the food quality and prices.Great grab and go place for breakfast and lunch. I usually like grabbing the specials because it's always a variety that I wouldn't normally get but always turns out being yummy. The smoothies are also very well blended and fresh.I usually walk home during my lunch breaks to grab a bite and catch up on reality TV.  Today it is raining and gross outside, and I couldn't rationalize walking home in the rain, with no real prospects for a great lunch at home in the refrigerator.  So, I hopped on yelp to see what was around the office and worth trying.  Munchie's cafe popped up with solid reviews... I browsed their website to learn that I could order online, even better!  I ordered the BALT (Bacon, Avocado, Lettuce & Tomato) on wheat, and by the time I walked the block from my office it was packaged and ready to go!  The sandwich was delicious and for $5.50 - I will certainly be back the next time the rain, snow or sleet prevents me from eating lunch at home on the sofa!We stopped in here on our way back to our hotel from visiting the Liberty Bell. The menu was BIG and it took some time to decide what we wanted!
I got a BLT, B got the American sandwich (turkey, ham, bacon and cheese). B wanted potato salad, but they were out, so we both added bags of chips (BBQ for me, sour cream and onion for B).  Bonus points for bottled AND fountain soda, I love me a good fountain soda!
My BLT was great, crispy bacon and not too much mayo. B said his sandwich was good, too, but I think I won the order battle! Both were served with veggie chips (B ate mine, said they were good) and a pickle.
The prices were super reasonable in my opinion (my BLT was only $5), but locals who've reviewed here seem to think it's pricey? Maybe Boston is just so expensive it's warped my sense of affordable! Super clean and really friendly staff, too.Its ok. Has a a variety of options to choose from from breakfast to lunch wraps. Serves good quantity. Enjoyed the two eggs, bacon, and turkey sausageThis used to be a weekend tradition when we lived a block away.  We've only ever ordered breakfast, but that alone is extremely affordable and delicious.  Their menu is impressive and the breakfast platters are large enough for two people to share (or for one person to take home to enjoy later).  I will say that it is comparable to diner food, so if you're looking for crazy bells and whistles, you'll be disappointed.  As a convenient deli and cafe though, this place is great.  We recommend the French Toast.Munchie's Cafe has quite a long menu. A variety of breakfast and lunch options, La Colombe coffee, and their deli carries Boar's Head meats. So far I can only attest for their breakfast sandwiches, which I like because they actually cook the eggs on the grill and not in a microwave. They also make omelettes, pancakes and french toast. They have a few booths for seating and local alternative papers on hand for reading.Hoagie's not really worth $7. The place is just regular, ok-ish. Solid 3/5. Might try hot sandwich, which could be better, but for now it's just an ok place to go when no other options in that price range.I stopped by here for lunch one day. It looks like a deli. You order your food and pay for it at the counter, and you can either eat in and they'll bring it to you or take it to go. I really like their menu, but it looks really crowded. It's a chalkboard with everything on there. Service was great, and fast. 
 I ordered a BLAT (bacon, lettuce, avocado and tomato) sandwich. It came with a pickle and homemade triangle chips. I like the concept, but the way that they had prepared it was not that great. They had way too much bacon on it. It should have been called B with a side of LAT. Their bacon is thin to begin with, but they piled on the bacon to the point where it overpowered everything. So the sandwich was really salty. The only other thing I could taste were the avocados. The one last thing I have to complain about was the lettuce. They really just put one slice of lettuce on there. It was like they peeled it off of the head of lettuce and placed it. It wasn't cut up or anything (which I wouldn't have minded). The fact that there was one slice really bothered me. 
It seems like it's pretty popular here for lunch because 20 minutes after I came in, it got really busy. People were standing by the entrance to wait for their orders. At one point, there wasn't enough room to get out of the place. I'll probably have to come back one day and give it a second chance. I'll have to try something new next time. 
For the price, It was okay. They are relatively cheap here. But if it's because they skimp on ingredients, I would rather go somewhere else and spend more money..
SKIP; BLAT sandwichCame in for a quick breakfast sandwich, they have a $5 card minimum but let me slide with a $3 tab, always appreciate that.
The service was kind of slow, and not the friendliest but the food was pretty good for what it was.Munchie's is FANTASTIC.  First of all, they are HUGE, with a large selection of both breakfast and lunch.  They have a fridge case in the back that spans the length of the store, and has a wide variety of drinks.  If you're a sandwich and snack person, don't worry.  They have an assortment of snacks from cookies, to chips, to ice cream to Pocky.  
The meats are fresh - taken from their deli case and sliced right before you.  And they are proud carriers of Dietz & Watson.
I went in during lunchtime, expecting a long wait.  There were a few people there, but they have a system (similiar to Wawa) where you order, then pay while they are making your food.  It works fantastically.  The staff are friendly and knowledgable.  I ordered a BLAT (Bacon, Lettuce, Avacado, & Tomato) sandwich.  It was $6.  I must admit I had never considered blending those flavors, but how can you go wrong with bacon AND avacado?  The answer - you can't.  
The sandwich turned out to be a 10" sub with perfectly cooked bacon and fresh veggies.  The bread was fresh, although I don't know if they bake on site, or have fresh bread delivered.
As with all well cooked bacon, the sandwich took a little longer to cooke than it did for me to pay.  Which was fine, because they have a flat screen tv over their coffee bar, which I was able to watch until my sandwich was ready.
In addition - for those of you looking to bring in sandwiches for a party or function - they do make both small and large party trays.  The small trays are for 6+ people and cost $7 per person.  That's almost cheaper than (and a whole lot more healthy than) pizza!
I'll be treating myself here for a long time to come!This place was seriously the only breakfast place that seemed to be open on a Monday morning! Then again it was pretty early. However! The breakfast food definitely hit the spot. I ordered a Western omelet and hash browns. The hash browns were really perfect. I mean soft yet crunchy, not burnt or overly crispy. This place seems like a whatever, mediocre/average place to grab food but I think it's worth checking out to satisfy any breakfast needs. It definitely satisfied mine! I also ordered a coffee. It was affordable, quick, and portions were generous. 
Go if you're in the area!This place is disgusting. If I could give this place zero stars, I would. 
I got the roast pork sandwich, which was one of the specialties. The pork tasted like it was leftover from a week prior. They also put little pieces of soggy broccoli in it, which was so incompatible and gross.  The random combination of old pork and soggy broccoli just furthered my perception that it was a leftover hodge podge of stuff they threw together. Do not go here to get more than a soda!Stumbled across this place while looking for a place to eat lunch while on jury duty. Fast to the table service (glad a booth was open) it was cheap and tasted good. Nothing to rave about but nothing to complain about! Ordered panini #9 - motz, roasted red pepper & pesto. Side of sweet potato fries only cause they said nothing came with the sandwich- but stuff did. And the stuff that did? - weird burnt fried triangle thingies that were gross (and a pickle. No hate against the pickle).There are only about a million places to have lunch within walking distance of this place.  I find it middle-of-the-road in all respects.  Variety, quality, quantity, price, service and cleanliness are all OK.  I once had a cheese steak here that was really excellent but that was an exception.  Their location is often good for me so I've stopped in fairly often.  I'll give them three stars but also say that if you walk three minutes into Old City proper you have many better choices.Unfortunately, this restaurant gets no stars from me as the most essential issue here is food cleanliness and cleanliness habits of its workers. I ordered a breakfast food that comes with toast - As I was waiting for the food order to be ready I observed one of the people behind the counter who prepares food lift up the rubber floor mat with her bare hands ( the one that everyone stands on while cooking) and move it over to another spot on the floor. I continued to watch her carefully as she walked doen the aisle, picked up 2 pieces of bread with bare hands and then proceeded to place them in the toaster. She failed to wash her hands and wear gloves before touching the bread. I recognized that this was my toast and I brought  the whole issue and breach to the manager's attention - no apologies at all but someone else handled the toast properly - 
so if you would like bacteria and god knows what else on your food you are welcome to take a chance at Munchies -  good luckA good place to grab lunch. Munchie's has a wide variety of offerings of different sandwiches, flatbreads, wraps and more.  It's affordable, fast and pretty good.  The only problem is there's very limited seating available.  Carry-out is an option, but if you want to eat there, be prepared to wait or share a table with a stranger.Fresh, affordable food. My family of 4 ate here while exploring the historic district on vacation. Great service. Very clean. A good varied menu. If I lived in Philly, I'd become a regular.Don't waste your time and/or money.  This place is a joke.  I work nearby, and my co-workers and I wanted a change from our staple lunch spot down the street.  The first time I went to Munchies, it took forever to get our lunch, but I didn't really think anything of it.  I got a chicken salad sandwich which wasn't bad.  On my second trip to Munchies, I again waited an inordinate amount of time for an egg salad sandwich which was the worst egg salad sandwich I've had in my entire life.  To say the sandwich was dry was a complete understatement.  The egg just crumbled all over the place.  I decided to give Munchies one last try on my way to work this morning and stopped-in for breakfast.  It was not very crowded, but I waited 25 minutes for a breakfast wrap and hashbrowns!!  I was late for work, and when I finally started to eat my "breakfast," the wrap was completely wet and soggy, and the hashbrowns were practically raw.  I am beyond annoyed that I just wasted all that time waiting for such a terrible breakfast.  Munchies is off my list.  They move way too slow, and you get what you pay for.This place is just a few mins away from the office. The large menu gives plenty of options and one of the most affordable places to eat thats good quality in this area. Ive tried their breakfast sandwich which was satisfying, sweet potato fries are good and the order is large enough to share, i recently ordered the chicken parm sandwich which was delicious. I ate half since it was a large portion. I reheated the other half the next day and it was still just as good.As I sit at my desk and write this review about munchies it upsets me no one really takes pride in food handling any more all these certifications hanging on the wall doesn't mean a thing if you don't handle food properly I paced a Oder yesterday of course when I walk in everybody behind the counter is eating while food prepping that's a violation and theirs is around lunch time at their busiest time and than another female employee comes from the back take some food off the counter and takes it to the back comes back wipes her hands on her apron and put on clean gloves violation #2 than you have an employee outside smoking with his apron on than comes back in behind the counter never washes his hands and for those who don't know you apron should never leave the work station violation #3 but who am I right!!!!!!!!! So day 2 before I palace my order I ask can you please wash your hands and put on fresh gloves thank you so of course the guy was upset but I should have to ask you should be doing that frequently when handling food get my sandwich gets back to my desk it's hair on my sandwich!!!!!! So you guys be careful and pay close attention when ordering from this place these are major violations that you guys block out how do I know because I've been food handling for over 12yers butcher dept and deli!!! Sorry about the missed commas and periods you guys understandGreat breakfast, fast service. Fairly clean. Seats 20-25 people I had meat omelet and potatoes awesome. Great pricesGreat food, most reasonable places for the area. We got the veggie pizza. Pizza fries and an Italian panini. Great service. Will be back.Best and most underrated BLAT in town w/ the crispiest bacon and greenest avos. Quick and friendly staff--always consistent!Ordered a breakfast sandwich.  The egg was good, the bacon was okay and the sausage is patties not links.  If you like patties I think you would like it. I don't like patties I prefer links.  My roll however was STALE.  As soon as i bit into the sandwich the roll split.  I HATE stale rolls.  Not worth the money I paid to get a stale roll.  I most likely won't ever return here for breakfast or lunch.Stopped in for a cheap, quick and tasty lunch and was not disappointed. The menu selection is fantastic because you can get beastly anything you're craving. It is also a green considering there is not much else for food in the immediate vicinity.I've heard the sandwiches here are amazing. However, I only come here and eat either the chicken teriyaki or the fantail shrimp platter. Regardless, I enjoy a low key sandwich place that I can sit down and have a meal. Nelson's which is a block away is always crazy and crowded.We have ate here multiple times over the last few years. I've come to the conclusion that it's either hit or miss. We decided to give it another chance and ordered take out for lunch. The guy who runs the register always seems annoyed and the one worker always seems to have an attitude. 
We ordered a breakfast wrap, chicken cheesesteaks, fries, and the cranberry turkey sandwich. The breakfast wrap was incorrectly made on a croissant at first. When we complained that it was supposed to be a wrap, they did agree to remake it into a wrap. But, the wrap was actually pathetic. There was hardly any substance to the wrap. The cranberry turkey sandwiches were decent and the chicken cheesesteaks were subpar. The fries look like the crinkle cut fries available in the frozen section at the grocery store. 
Overall, the customer service is questionable, the food is sub-par, but the food is fast and cheap. I don't think I would recommend this place, unless you were looking for something quick and cheap. But, just be ready for the possibility of disappointment. They really deserve 2.5 stars.Solid food, tons of choices, great value, and always fast. Breakfast platters and lunch sandwiches are great.They make a crazy-good pastrami sandwich. I'd highly recommend you get it hot. You get the salty from the pastrami, the sweet from the cole slaw, and the spicy from the mustard. 
Plus they're fast and the prices are great. Excellent choice for lunch.I am beyond surprised that I've never reviewed munchies. It is my go to spot when I didn't bring lunch to work and don't necessarily have a "taste" for anything. Their menu is huge and anything you order will be great. I love that whether you're trying to eat healthy or want something super indulgent Munchies has something that will hit the spot. 
They have all day breakfast, and although I haven't had it in a long time, I remember it being so delicious. Some of my favorites from their menu are their BLAT, turkey cranberry apple melt, and their salads, specifically their Greek salad. I love the pita chips they serve on the side when you order a sandwich and eat in. Even when I get my order to go I ask them to do a small bag of them for a small fee. 
It does get super busy so if you're going at prime lunch time I would expect a little bit of a wait, but the staff does it's best to keep moving.Munchie's Café was recommended to me by the phlebotomist who drew my blood for pre-op testing at Penn Med last week. I asked for a place to have a quick breakfast after fasting since midnight. She advised that Munchie's was popular with the staff because of a broad menu and reasonable prices. As she had just been expert in hitting an artery on the first attempt, I figured she'd be accurate on food choices as well. 
This long/deep shop sits just off the southeast corner of 7th and Chestnut. Ordering is done at the counter, and delivered to the table. I really felt the need for coffee stronger than for sustenance, so I ordered a breakfast wrap and large java. I got to pour the joe myself at the coffee service table, and sipped while waiting for the food. The drink was decent industrial strength drip that lost its joy of living as it cooled. Became more bitter the longer it sat. The wrap of bacon, egg and cheese in wheat, was just okay.  The bacon was unrecognizable, and had a odd taste. Perhaps, it was beef or turkey bacon without designation. 
So, while the grub served to abate my caffeine and hunger gnawings, it was not something I would return for. It was average at best, although the prices were about right for what was provided. There are far superior places in the neighborhood to bring mind, body and soul up to speed.This is a pretty good eatery. (I've never had any issues with what I've gotten. I've liked the different sandwiches I've had & enjoyed the coffee, which is self serve. I like that too.) Reason for the two stars is thatpicture I happened to spot (unexpectedly) mainly cause it's above the booth I was seated at. 
I'm Jewish so it offends me. (My parents  -- both of them -- were MIGRANTS from Germany.) YEAHTheir Paninis are balling. Asian sesame salad is even more balling. Sometimes I'll say no onions and I get onions so always make sure to say you're DEATHLY ALLERGIC to onions and then they're 100% on their onion game. And they have Nutter Butters at the counter so you really can't go wrong.I love this place! My favorite is the Asian sesame salad. It's so good! This place is my go to when I'm low on cash because their prices are so reasonable.  To be honest I go when I'm not low ok cash lol. Ive also had thier breakfast (really good) and their smoothies. I would absolutely recommend.Just left Munchies.  I ordered a pizza steak that was DRY as the Sahara Desert. I asked for a side of marinara sauce . Why pay 8.00 for something that is not enjoyable? RIGHT!!!  Attached is the cup that they gave me for a WHOLE cheese steak. Lets start by assuming your food will come out as requested. One would HOPE, if the establishment needs to provide a CONDIMENT that should be on there anyway, there wouldn't be a charge!!! NOT!!!! The marinara was ice-cold and I measured it when I got to work it was BARLEY 2 teaspoons for a WHOLE cheese steak!!!!!!!
Thoroughly disappointed!!!!!! I will no longer recommend them for breakfast or lunch on PRINCIPLE alone!!!!!!!This spot has almost everything you need for breakfast, lunch and snacks that you can think of. I normally go for lunch when I'm at work and get their paninis. The turkey breast one is my favorite that has Swiss cheese, bacon, tomatoes, roasted peppers and Russian dressingMunchies is great for a cheap meal. The menu is huge as I find myself gazing at the big board for any specialties hoagies I want to try. This is a good spot for breakfast and lunch sandwiches/hoagies.
The cheesesteak is good and the roast pork is ok (although the broccoli rabe can be overcooked). However, every sandwich is above average and there is something on the menu for everyone whether you are vegetarian, vegan, etc. The sides are not that good but I suggest you to just to get a sandwich here.This is my FAVORITE spot for breakfast. I love love love Munchie's. Their prices are good, the food is great, the time it takes to get your order is super fast. They've been very consistent for years. Anytime I'm in town or in that area of Center City, I make it a point to stop by Munchie's for their awesome breakfast offerings.This place has been wonderful throughout my years working nearby and especially when I had gone through childbirth and needed some good comfort food. I was delivering my baby at Penn and after that I was so over the hospital food even though it's just for energy and all. For breakfast, we got the egg and bacon sandwich on a croissant, breakfast platter, and hot coffee (la Colombe!). The sandwich was super tasty and comforting! The platter had fluffy eggs, sausage, and hella good potatoes. They pack ketchup and hot sauce for you and any other condiments you need. Calling ahead of time for your order is a good idea. They are so clutch. I cannot wait to go back to work and come back
For lunch. They have great smoothies and hoagie sandwiches!The service was okay but the breakfast sandwich is not good. The bagel was sad and did not have good flavor or consistency at all. I only ate half of the sandwich and threw the rest away because it was not good.HAIR IN MY FOOD ! DO NOT IN EAT AT MUNCHIES! bad customer service. I ordered hash browns and pork bacon and almost half way through I found hair in my food. That was absolutely disgusting.Munchie's is very close to my office and so I stop in there frequently for coffee or for lunch.  They make the most delicious grilled cheese of any restaurant, and the sandwiches come with a side of some kind of pita chips (as long as you are eating in.)  If you get the sandwich to go, they do not include the chips.  The coffee is good, and they have hazelnut available.  They do not restock their shelves very often so sometimes you can't get a candy bar, bag of chips, or certain drink you might be looking for.  Their many breakfast options are good, just make sure you have about 10-15 minutes to wait for it, even if it's only a bagel with cream cheese.  I recommend Munchie's for the grilled cheese, the smoothies, and the coffee.  Other stuff, I would go down the street a little further to the corner store.I stopped here for a quick breakfast bite.  The place has a nice menu, and is very clean.  It is similar to a convienience  store where they have chips, cookies, and a freezer full of assorted ice cold drinks. I ordered a bacon, egg and cheese bagel.  It did not take me long to get my food.  It was huge and tasty.  My only complaint was that there was not a lot of bacon on the sandwich.  The staff there was very friendly and efficient. They also have a lunch menu that I hear is good.  I may hav to check that out as well. Definitely a pace to check out if you do not have a lot of time to eat.The guy that answers the phone has really terrible phone manners. Here's the thing. If you don't want to offer delivery service, then don't. But dont cuss on the phone, not once, but twice (first because i asked for delivery, second cuz i asked for the pesto pizza). I SPEAK THE SAME LANGUAGE AS YOU!! So yes, even if you mumble in your native language, i heard it loud and clear. 
I would've cancelled the whole order if i wasnt also ordering for my coworkers. They have a great selection to order from, whether it's breakfast, paninis, pizza, appetizers and even smoothies. But the service is just awful.