I just went here for dinner. Overall, I had a positive experience, but it's nothing to write home about.
Pros:
-Great atmosphere
-Full bar
-Clean interior
-Food was not greasy
Cons:
-Food was pretty good but not memorable
-Price is a lot more than you would pay for at any Chinese restaurant, but remember you are also paying for the atmosphere
We ordered the barbequed spare ribs for an appetizer, rice noodles with pork, shrimp and curry (commonly called Singapore noodles), eggplant with garlic sauce, shredded pork with ginger and scallion in a firecracker sauce, chinese broccoli, and steamed rice. My 2 favorite dishes were the rice noodles and shredded pork. For the eggplant dish, we asked them to add beef (for an additional charge). It turned out to be a nice addition. One thing that was strange to me was how the eggplant was served. The skin was completely peeled off and the eggplant was cut into matchstick pieces. The sauce was not as spicy or garlicky as I expected; instead it was sweet with a slight spice.
I recommend coming here if you want Chinese food in a quiet, relaxing, enjoyable restaurant space.Came here after I failed to make reservations at Han Dynasty and the wait was an hour there.  Got in immediately here but it was still completely full.  
I got hot and sour soup, steamed dumplings, and generals chicken. 
The hot and sour soup was good...I've had better but it wasn't bad.  This is typically the item that I judge chinese restaurants on as I have had really good hot and sour soup and some that is not edible at all.  
The Steamed Dumplings were also good.  I probably don't eat them enough to give a comparison so all i can say is that i enjoyed them
The General Chicken is Mustard Green's take on General Tso's.  It was good, thinly sliced and crispy.  It was the best part of the meal, although it could have been hotter (in both temperature and spice). 
Overall its a good chinese restaurant and if Han Dynasty weren't available I would return, but next time I want Chinese on a Saturday night I'll plan ahead and go to Han Dynasty.This is one of my favourite Chinese restaurants ever!  The owners have always been so accommodating to my family and the food is consistently good.  Their flavours are so clean and fresh - even their deep fried General Tso's chicken is airy tasting.  My personal pick: obviously their mustard greens.I thought this place was ok.  Sort of bland and expensive.  If you are a person who likes the traditional, greasy take-out with pork fried rice and an eggroll, this is not the place for you.  It is a very pleasant atmosphere however, and friendly service, so it could be worth a trip if you like slightly more upscale Chinese food.Mustard greens is in my neighborhood and the staff are knowledgeable and friendly.  The food is much higher quality than Chinese food take out in the area.  Everything last night was fresh tasting and each sauce was unique.  I'm not a soft shell crab person but three people raved about then soft shells.  I had a dish with pickled mustard greens which was delicious.  The hunan beef and  special duck were tender and flavorful.  I have read complaints about noise level and I suppose it could get loud if completely full and everyone was talking loudly but honestly, I'm an oldster and I have never had a problem hearing.  It is unusual in that they offer drinks and wine but their selection is quite good.  Although it is more expensive than takeout and the wine has some markup, I think it is a very value and the quality is excellent.I followed people's reviews on yelp and zagat and went to dinner at this place. 
I got the hot and sour soup. It wasn't hot nor sour. Tasted and smelled like eggs. Way too much egg. I guess if you don't use corn starch egg will thicken your soup. It had a bunch of tofu and other veggies in it but I couldn't see or taste them because of all the eggs
For main course I was debating between two dishes. I asked the waiter. He didn't know what's in the dishes. Went to ask another waiter and then came to me and said" brown sauce, with shrimp" I tried to get more info but the guy had no clue. 
I got their version of general tso chicken. 
In this version they slice white meat chicken very thinly and fry it to a crisp in a batter. Then they toss it in a sweet and sour sauce. It is just wrong! No vegetable, dry, sweet, without any spice or personality. Even the rice I got was overlooked and old. 
This place gets a 22 in zagat. I wouldn't give it more than 17. I can name 5 better Chinese restaurants in Philadelphia. And I'm from NY....
Don't waste your time. This is a fast food take out Chinese with fancy restaurant pricesThis is by far my favorite Chinese Restaurant not only in Philly but anywhere I've ever been...  The dumplings are the best...  I've NEVER had a bad meal there and never will...  Bon, Ming, and the crew all take so much pride.....  See you soon M.G.!!!Nice, clean, delicious good. Always the freshest ingredients and never the regret afterwards of overly salty, sugary sauces and breadings. I particularly love the mustard greens, snowpea leaves, lemon chicken. They've got great vegetarian options. Eat in and they've got full bar as well. I agree with Joseph - Best Chinese in Philly.Delicious food and great service.  I tried these dishes and they were all good: soft-shell crab, shrimp with vegetables, string beans, garlic noodles (not sure what they're called), and eggplant.  I especially enjoyed the soft-shell crab, string beans, and eggplant.
I would come here again.  This place is much better than the "average" restaurant that serves similar dishes.Mustard Greens makes fresh, non-greasy Chinese American food. The basics - wonton soup, fried rice, stir-fried green beans, etc -- are delicious. I didn't love the Hong Kong Beef, and the tofu with vegetables was unexciting.  (I guess I could have seen that one coming.)  But this place is a go-to for tasty Chinese food that's flavorful and never greasy.Hands down the best Chinese restaurant. I've been coming here for ten years and food just keeps getting better. Very clean, great service and great food. Mustard greens has yet to disappoint me, it is my go to resturant. Highly recommend.Always consistently fresh. Just one downfall: no fresh herbs! No mint or cilantro. They are a must for Asian cuisine. Their mixed sautéed greens, and their wonton soup (add fresh mint would be the bomb) is delicious. A small but happy menu, just add some herbs!The food was very bland and the service was comparable. The prices were higher than we expected especially considering the portions and taste. We must have ordered wrong or something, but I wouldn't go back to find out. 
I'm always surprised to see this place rated so high. Especially with so many better places to eat in the neighborhood.I am definitely in the pro-Mustard Greens camp. I love me some deep fried gelatinous wtf-is-that takeout, but sometimes I want Chinese food that doesn't leave me feeling exhausted from digestion.
Sauces are light, portions are just right, and though it's pricier than your local takeout spot, you get what you pay for. On my last visit, my boyfriend and I ordered dishes to share. He thought the General Tso's was too sweet, but I enjoyed the flavor. The seafood in black bean sauce came with seafood that wasn't rubbery and an assortment of veggies. We also shared a plate of sauteed mustard greens. I love mustard greens so much, but they require so much cleaning that I don't mind paying $7.50 for a plate of them prepared by someone else.
No complaints about the service. The staff is pleasant, accommodating, and prompt with water refills. I'm not sure if they offer desserts, but we were not asked if we wanted any.
All in all, this is a great little neighborhood spot that I would recommend if you want to sit down and have good Chinese and a little ambiance.We eat here frequently and each time we have a good experience. The staff is always very nice and attentive, the atmosphere is very pleasant, the prices are reasonable, and the food is delicious. I highly recommend the stir fried string beans and the fried rice. I really enjoy dining here, and recommend this place to anyone who lives in or is visiting the area. Everything is always very enjoyable and good.I'm from Toronto, where Chinese food is FANTASTIC.  I moved to Chicago 5 years ago and the only cities where I could find great Chinese food are California and New York (I travel a lot for business).  There is this one little restaurant in Minneapolis that's really good too.  If you like PF Chang's, well, this may not be the right restaurant for you.  Anyways, LOVE LOVE the Egg Plant dish and the Tofu dish.  The Pork Moo Shu was okay - a little salty for me, but my co-worker liked it.  The dumplings were hand made and were also very delicious (my mom makes dumplings all the time).  The server was attentive and polite.  Definitely one of the best Cantonese style restaurants I've been to in the US.  Every time I travel to Philly, I make it a point to stop in for a quick bite.An absolute gem: fresh ingredients, expertly prepared, delicately seasoned, wonderful service and ambience.Love this place. This time, we ordered the garlic noodles, crab fried rice, firecracker pork, and a chicken dish - a lot of food for two people. I fully expected to have leftovers but after a time looked down and noticed we had inhaled all of the deliciousness set before us. Best part yet, when I overeat at a restaurant I usually get pretty sick from the grease, but this time suffered no ill effects from my overindulgence, since everything seems to be pretty light. 
Granted, the portions aren't enormous, but they're still bigger than most nicer restaurants, and the quality of the ingredients seems to be pretty fantastic (check out the gigantic lumps of crabmeat in the fried rice, for example) so in terms of value-for-money I'm really quite pleased. 
I am quite sad they aren't open for lunch, at least on weekends - I know I'd love to eat lunch there.I went with my boyfriend and we had a great dinner. I got the pineapple shrimp and he got the general chicken, both were really good. My only complaint is the price of the drinks, two vodka drinks came to $30 which was ridiculous, and they were not strong!Very pleased.  Food is cooked well. Service is attentive, appropriate and polite. Will definitely return. Two thumbs up. Will be a good casual dinner stop.These are not family style portions and definitely more "fusion" than Chinese but the food is enjoyable and thankfully doesn't leave that heavy, greasy take-out food feeling. Just wish the pricing OR the quantity was a little more reasonable.The best Chinese, in or out of Chinatown.  It is not your traditional greasy, MSG-laden takeout-type Chinese.  Everything is fresh, crisp and delicious.  It is a small, "no-frills" decorated stark restaurant.  There is usually a bit of a wait and the service is not the best.  The chicken dishes are all white meat; the vegetables in the Moo Shoo are so crisp (make sure to ask for extra plum sauce for the Moo Shoo).  Start with the sauted green beans while you are waiting, and get a few if there are more than two of you in your party.  All the eggplant dishes are great and so are the dumplings/wontons.  
I didn't care for the calamari but the General Tso's more than made up for it.Whoa! The atmosphere is a little bland...if you're looking for a romantic spot or place to have an intimate conversation, go somewhere else.....but the food is awesome! You HAVE to get the crab fried rice! Super-delicious and will keep you coming back.I've been eating here for 16 years. The wonton soup (prepared fresh each day), garlic noodles and the various vegetable dishes are always a can't miss.
The General Tso's chicken is fabulous as is many of their entrees. There's a reason why they've been there for 20+ years. Bon and company are doing it right!
Best in Philly!!!!It was nice to have a Chinese meal that wasn't too heavy.  I had the beef with honey walnuts that tasted pretty much what I would expect it to, sans the oil and sauces and whatever else Chinese food usually has.  I can't say it was great, but my conscious is clean. 
The service was excellent.  Friendly but not annoying.The only reason I'm not giving it five stars, is because I try to save those for incredible experiences.
Quite probably the best Chinese food I've ever had, rivaling Han Dynasty (aka Handy Nasty) and that is high praise indeed!
An interesting and varied menu.  I had:
Spring rolls, really makes you realize the difference between what you make at home and what a trained chef can do.
Firecracker Pork, amazingly tender, I'd asked for extra spicy and on the scale of one to ten (Han Dynasty regulations) I'd give it a 7.5, which for a mortal human would be incredibly hot, but still had all the complex flavors.
My daughter had:
Pork fried rice, pretty darned close to perfection.  Perfect balance between rice and other ingredients.
Garlic Noodles, I could eat those three times a week at least for the rest of my life.  The only other place that came close to  this was the Saloon.
Full bar, street parking ample during the week, cash and credit.Wow...I was looking around on yelp and decided to check out the reviews on my favorite restaurant in Philly, Mustard Greens.  Low and behold, I'm astounded to find complaints about this place. As a long-time diner at MG, I feel compelled to add my two cents.  My husband and I have been dining fairly-regularly at MG for over 13 years.  We have had nothing but delicious, consistent food and service here. The food is fresh, light, and delicious. We especially love the wonton soup, the steamed dumplings, the spring rolls, the general chicken, the pineapple shrimp, the chicken with nectarines (when in season), the noodles with vegetables, the string beans, and hong kong style beef.  Ming and Dave are the friendliest and most attentive servers.  We've never made a reservation and have always been seated immediately.  Our food and drinks always arrive promptly.  While it can be loud, I rarely find a "quiet" restaurant unless it seats under 20 people.  I think the restaurant is tastefully decorated and the atmosphere is warm and feels like family.  I especially like knowing that many of the families eating in the room with me are also loyal diners. We have been bringing family and friends with us for years. There is always enough food.  If you like feeling overstuffed and engorged with food, then I would say that the portions sizes at MG won't do it for you.  I'm not a small person and I like to eat.  I am always full when I leave.  This isn't a No. 1 Best China takeout place.  If you're looking for that kind of Chinese food and the associated pricing, you won't find it here.  What you will find is simple, delicious, fresh Chinese food at a reasonable price (for being at a restaurant in Philly) with kind service.  This place will be consistent every time you go and that is a very hard thing to find and keep in the restaurant world.Best Chinese food I've had in Philadelphia- ever.  The service is a dream, they are so kind and attentive.  The food is fresh and delicious- General Tso's chicken is barely battered and all white meat goodness.  The Garlic Eggplant is also another favorite.  Don't even get me started on their DUMPLINGS- I've had them all- pork, veggie, steamed, fried- the pasta surrounding the filling is soft, the filling is ample and so tasty.  Just writing this review is making my mouth water-- cant wait to go back!This is my favorite Chinese restaurant on earth...including China! The food is always fresh and delicious. The service is friendly and well paced. When I'm in Philly, I make Mustard Greens a must stop!Slow service food lacked taste.   This got very good write ups but did not live up to what we expected. 
Did not take our ordersCantonese style Chinese cuisine, yum.  The food is light and healthy, not heavy like other chinese styles or restaurants.  It is a little more pricy than its competitors but I believe the pricing is still cheaper than heavy Italian food or chi-chi french style food anyday.  The atmosphere is friendly and its in a great location.My family and I have gone to this mainstay for a long time.  Haven't been back since its renovation.  Last night, however, I was so disappointed I had to write this review.  I ordered the mu shu pork and for $13 got a plateful of bean sprouts and water chestnuts with so little pork I had to search for it.  My husband's sesame chicken was as good as always.  My son had the dumplings, which are okay, but the meat is always just red enough on the inside that it makes me nervous.  I don't know.  I like this place because the atmosphere is nice, but the food isn't what it used to be.Little hidden gem!  This is such a cute restaurant - I just moved to the city and discovered this place as I was just wandering around.  The staff is great and the food is phenomenal (at least the dishes I had - General Tsao and a side of Snow Pea Leaves) and is comparable to the Chinese food in Toronto.  Not heavy and greasy like other Americanized Chinese food.  I will definitely come back here!Mustard Green is a great Chinese food option if you aren't into heavy, MSG-laden and extremely fatty food.  They cook a lot with fruit, which is a big favorite of mine.  I got a spicy chicken and nectarine dish stuffed with snow peas and bamboo shoots which was so very tasty and so very light.  The ambiance is also better than the usual Chinese-American cafeteria style with big bright lights and paper placemats.  The prices are a bit higher than at your average Chinese restaurant, but the quality you get is worth it.
They were also able to accomodate a party of fourteen easily and took care of us extremely well.Fantastic food and servers were excellent.  Hosted my birthday party for 20 people and the food and timing of service couldn't be better.  Made it a very memorable birthday.A coworker recommended this Chinese restaurant to me, but I didn't think it was all the egg roll it was cracked up to be.
It is contemporary Chinese cuisine, so it looks like a nice restaurant inside and the service was great. The food is a bit more expensive than normal (dumplings are $6) Chinese, but it wasn't anything to rave about. Actually, a lot of the menu items are listed the same as take-out Chinese (Moo Shu Chicken with Pancake, 12.00; Stir Fried Chicken with Snow Peas, 12.00).
The food, to me, was bland and I would have rather just ordered take out from Rich City.Fresh and healthy cuisine with top notch service.  Great for casual dining  or take out.  Consistently the best Chinese in Philly.  Warning - may cause addiction to homemade steamed dumplings and firecracker pork!!!This is our favorite Chinese restaurant.  Fantastic dumplings, and the General Chicken is amazing.  Lightly fried and simply the best I've ever had.  Nothing compares!After a whole year of eating at Mustard Greens once a week I can safely say that Mustard Greens is the best Chinese food I've ever had. It is also my boyfriend's and my favorite restaurant in the entire city of Philadelphia. I had to update my review to reflect this. 
When I last reviewed, I had only had Mustard Greens a few times. Now I go once a week. It is consistently delicious, and the owner is so badass and cool. His cooking is also amazing. 
My boyfriend and I have tried numerous of their specials, as well their regular menu items. It warrants repeating that the dumplings are out of this world. Get them steamed.
They have a full bar. They have great staff. They have good food. They serve yummy tea. They are friendly. We love them. 
Also we are local and walk our dog by every day multiple times a day, and we always wave to our favorite people in the neighborhood. Hi, guys!
Seriously, go to Mustard Greens and let me know how much you like it. Cuz you will. 
EDIT: we went to mustard greens for our dinner before our wedding night. I just wanted to say to everyone who works there, thank you so much for making our wedding weekend that much more special. We couldn't have picked a better place to bring family and friends together. YOU GUYS ROCK!!!!I was disappointed with Mustard Greens. First of all, they didnt open until 5pm on the dot. The staff was not very accomodating. The entrees didnt come with white rice, it was an add on.  And the szechaun shrimp was nothing special. I'd rather go to PF Changs.I will start by saying that the food here is fantastic. Our experience, however, was not. Since we did not have a reservation we ended up waiting over an hour for a table, which was fine. None of the staff seems to know who was next in line or who had reservations and the front of the small restaurant was very chaotic. Once we sat down we waited about 15 minutes for someone to even take our order, and then didn't get out entrees until about an hour later. If I was rating Mustard Greens solely on food I would give them a five. However, the service was so poor I had to give them a three. Hopefully it improves soon!Had a lovely time here tonight with eight other people. When I saw the hot tea on the table, I was so happy. It's been a while since we've had hot tea at a Chinese restaurant, opting for takeout instead. My only complaint about the tea were the tea leaves at the bottom of my cup, but I did love the flavor of the tea. We had a variety of soups and appetizers, most of which everyone liked. I had wonton soup, which I needed to add some soy sauce to because it was a little bland for my taste. However, the dumplings in the soup were light, fresh and delicious. A variety of appetizers were ordered, including barbecue spare ribs, steamed dumplings, spicy cabbage and spring rolls. I had the steamed dumplings, which were quite good, athough I wasn't a fan of the red sauce that came with it. A little too spicy and liquidy for my taste. The size of the appetizers was not to be believed! I had at least 10 dumplings that came in a lovely steaming basket, and I saw six small spring rolls on each plate. The spareribs came four on a plate and the size of each was plumper than I'm used to. I sampled one of my hubby's spareribs and they were quite tasty. I would have liked them a bit more well done and less greasy, but that's just me. The other people who had spareribs enjoyed them immensely. I tasted the cabbage and really liked it. Not too spicy, just the right touch. The other ladies had spring rolls and said they too were delicious. They looked to me to be very light and airy, not greasy at all. For my entree, I opted for the stir fried beef and honeyed walnuts. While tasty and very fresh, I was a bit disappointed in the beef. Many of the pieces were stringy, some even had fat on them. The vegetables in the dish--mushrooms, baby corn, water chestnuts, pea pods--were fresh and delicious, as were the honeyed walnuts. Hubby had the shrimp, scallops and squid in spicy garlic sauce and ate every last bite. He wished the portion size had been a little bit bigger though. The biggest disappointment of the evening was they had no dessert -- no ice cream, no fresh fruit, not even a fortune or almond cookie. I don't think I've ever been to a Chinese restaurant that doesn't serve some kind of dessert. Not to worry, we all trooped over to Franklin's for ice cream -- review to follow.
So this dinner was a mixed bag for me. While I liked everything I ate, each of my dishes had something that was off. Be that as it may, I was satisfied when I left and had a great time. Besides, no one else in our party seemed the slightest bit unhappy with their dishes. I will say this -- each dish was perfectly sauced and all ingredients were fresh. This is not your standard Chinese restaurant with heavy gloppy sauces on their dishes. It's a refreshing change, and I'd definitely return.
By the way, service was outstanding and everyone was extremely friendly. One of the men in our party knows the owner, his son and staff, and the owner took an extremely generous portion off our bill. It doesn't get better than that. Thank you again!Best Chinese in Philly hands down. Fresh ingredient, excellent cooking technique, super service, CLEAN, and pleasant environment.I definitely fall into the "Love it!" camp re Mustard Greens.  Worth a visit from anyone who wants a truly refreshing alternative to the Chinese food you've become accustomed to.
While I understand the debate as to whether or not this is a "step up" from what Americans think of as Chinese food, there is no denying that it is both fundamentally different and fundamentally closer to what Cantonese cuisine *actually* is.  I spent a year in Hong Kong and am here to tell you that Mustard Greens is about as close to "legit" that you'll find in Philly.
The food is light on sauce, nearly devoid of deep-frying, and made with ingredients that are almost shocking in freshness:  "Freshness" in both the sense of "recently harvested" and in the sense of "not overcooked".
The prices are very reasonable, and the menu is very spartan by "typical" Chinese restaurant standards, with perhaps 30 selections where one is accustomed to seeing 100.  And unlike most Chinese restaurants, MG offers true daily specials, dishes concocted by the chef that day based on the whatever high-quality ingredients he happened to acquire that morning.
The atmosphere is also a departure from the ordinary:  No gaudy red-and-gold motifs here, and with a Western classical music soundtrack softly wafting from the speakers.
Service is attentive and friendly and fast.Friday June 1st, 2012
At my mom's request, we had a family dinner at Mustard Greens, one of her favorite restaurants in Philadelphia.  (But a restaurant my older sister refuses to attend for reasons described later.)
This is a full-service, full bar, "Asian Fusion" restaurant within walking distance of South Street.  Reservations are accepted.  (If you call early in the day, leave a message with your details.   You will get a return call when they open.)
With about twenty tables in the main street-level dining room, the restaurant is tastefully decorated, with dark wood floors and tables.  (There is a second floor dining room with its own bar for parties.)  The second-floor bathroom is clean.
We started with steamed dumplings, tender and tasteful. The spareribs were very good, a little meatier and a little less fatty than in typical Chinese take-out places.
Two of us had their famous soft shell crabs, lightly breaded and crispy fried without any greasiness at all.  Served with a side of sweet vinegar dressing, this is one of the restaurant's signature dishes.  While I might wish for more or different dipping sauces, I enjoyed every bite.
My wife thoroughly enjoyed her sea bass and mom loved her Pineapple Shrimp.  I sampled the shrimp and agreed it was wonderful.
All the dinners were served with brown rice that my wife found delightfully nutty in flavor.
We consumed one glass of wine, two different vodkas, and soft drinks as well.
If the review ended here, you would understand why this among mom's favorite places.
But wait, there is more to tell.
First, the restaurant is all hard surfaces.  With eighty customers in a small place, the noise level is so deafening that hearing the person next to you is difficult and holding a conversation with the person across from you is an exercise in futility.
The service is erratic as they rarely have more than two or three people on the floor, including the owner.  Our order for appetizers was quickly taken and the food appeared in a reasonable time-frame. But it was almost an hour before we were asked for our main course order which then took more than a half hour to be served.
We would have had more to drink, but finding a server proved to be difficult.
The tab for the evening was $127 before tip for a party of four.
I feel the quality of the food is higher and more creative than typical Chinese takeout.  However, the price is probably at least twenty percent more than the food and fifty per cent more than the ambiance justify.
While I will return to please my mother, the noise level alone is such that I will not suggest this place to anyone not already deaf.
If you want a special and different Asian restaurant, try something at Rangoon.  No. On second thought, try EVERYTHING at Rangoon.  That place is a wonderful alternative.
Mustard Greens needs some acoustical baffles, an additional extra server, and possibly a slight price reduction.Delicious, fresh ingredients.  We had moo shu, pork noodles, fire cracker pork and veggie noodles.  Also the steamed dumplings, and spring rolls.  Everything was delicious and the service was very good.  Highly recommend it. VERY REASONABLY PRICED.This place is EXCELLENT. My mouth is watering just thinking about their food. The food is non-greasy, fresh, and incredibly tasty. The people that work here are very friendly and accommodating. Definitely a couple steps up from some of the greasy Chinese restaurants on South St.Fire Cracker pork was great, but the bbq shrimp had a little bit of a mushy texture. Portion sizes were also a little light for the price, but overall good takeout.Simply superb. 
Everyone I've taken here loves this place! Anything you order, you basically can't go wrong. Wonderful, clean flavors done with a light and balanced touch. Their dishes have just the right amount of sauce, not to mention they are executed in a very skillful and visually pleasing fashion. 
The restaurant has a very modern feel to it, just like the cuisine. It's basically nouvelle Chinese cuisine prepared in a contemporary manner, but without any of the stuffiness, formality, or skimpy portions typically associated with the "nouvelle cuisine" label. :) And believe me, the portions are plentiful but without being heavy. In fact, this is what I love so much about the food at this restaurant; it's healthy and extremely light, and yet, even if you split two mains and a vegetable side between two people, you won't leave the restaurant feeling like a pig stuffed with an apple in its mouth. ;)
The food is very reasonably priced as well. Most of the restaurants in Chinatown can't hold a candle to this place; for the same amount of money, Mustard Greens will serve you far superior food.
The staff are welcoming, helpful, and accommodating.
I took a friend of mine here a few months ago. Not long after the first visit, she insisted on going back a second night, (which was fine by me!); so we ended up eating there twice in one week. She told me that she would've gone back there yet again (!) had I not suggested that we try someplace new to change things up a bit. After all, it was her first time in Philly, and I thought she might like to taste a wider selection of the fine cuisine that Philly has to offer. :) Of course, had we had a few more days to spend in Philly, I would've happily have gone back for a third time. :-D
There's a reason I come to this restaurant almost every time I visit Philly. :)
Some dishes we've eaten there that I'd specifically recommend:
--Mustard Green Style General Tso Chicken: This dish has a wonderful texture and an incredibly flavorful sauce. It's not fried like traditional General Tso's Chicken, but rather has a delicate and crispy breading that's so light it's almost undetectable. This is my mate's favorite dish, and he's ordered it almost every time we've been there. :) 
--Sesame Shrimp with Lemon Sauce: Lightly battered shrimp in a lemon sauce with a side of asparagus. My friend ordered this twice, on each of nights we visited the restaurant. :) I rarely, if ever, eat fried food, but I'll break my rule on a rare occasion for this dish. :-D
--Stir Fried Chicken with Fresh Nectarines: A surprisingly tasty dish. I originally hedged on getting it, as I wasn't sure how it'd taste and am typically partial to some of my usual favorites on their menu. However, I was glad I took a chance on this dish. You wouldn't think that these flavors would necessarily work well together, but if any place can manage to successfully pair these two flavors together, it's this place. They know how to bring opposing flavors into perfect harmony with one another, achieving a culinary state of ying and yang. :)
--Sautéed Shrimp with Shitake or Oyster Mushrooms with Chinese Spices: I opted for the oyster mushrooms. This dish was prepared in a light and fragrant soy-based sauce, which is absolutely, mind-blowingly amazing. They could put almost anything in this sauce and make it taste good. ;)  I've had this dish on more than one occasion, and there's a good reason for that. :-D (They also offer a version of this dish with chicken that's excellent as well.)
--Stir Fried (or Sautéed) Mustard Greens: Yes, the restaurant's namesake dish really does hold up to its name. :) Also, the other stir-fried vegetable dishes are good as well (i.e., Stir Fried String Beans, Stir Fried Mixed Greens).
--Steamed Brown Rice (side dish): Let me state for the record that I'm not typically a fan of brown rice nor the way most restaurants prepare it, and yet, they've still managed to make even me a fan. To my mind, the mere fact that they can do a great job with something as simple as steamed brown rice is a sign of a truly great restaurant.
They also have interesting and adventurous specials. Regrettably, they were out of the sting ray special the second night my friend and I visited -- we were both looking forward to trying it -- but I'd love to try it if ever it should make another appearance on their menu and I just happen to make an appearance there as well. :) I'm sure it wouldn't take much to convince my friend to return to Philly with me, if only to go back to this restaurant. LOL.
I could go on and continue to wax poetic about this restaurant's many virtues, but it's better if you just go there yourself and find out for yourself why this restaurant truly rocks. :)This place was pretty good, although I am not really sure why it is categorized as dim sum because it doesn't appear to be a dim sum restaurant - the only dim sum on the menu was your standard steamed or fried dumplings.  Service was very good and the food was wonderful albeit a little more pricey then I would have thought.  All in all, I would recommend this place if you are in the area.This place is a step above your typical Chinese take out.  The ambiance and service are very nice.  The ingredients are fresh and you can actually taste the vegetables.  I got the stir fried scallops and asparagus, which was good, if a bit bland.  The servings are very small, so if you are hungry, you will have to order more than just an entree.  I got the egg rolls (delicate and nice, not amazing), my entree, and shared a steamed rice.  This proved not enough (and I don't eat like a pig!) so I had to get some soup at the end of my meal.  The soup, chicken corn, was also a bit bland.  Overall, a nice place to go for better than average but not super flavorful Chinese food.My husband and I went here for dinner tonight. The food was fresh and delicious. The service was friendly and fast. We will definitely be back .High quality fresh quality ingredients with little competition in Queen Village. However beware of ordering cocktails. My husband ordered a Manhattan with no special liquor and they charged SEVENTEEN DOLLARS for it !!!!  Hot and sour soup good. They had specials with lobster and another soft shell crab. Very good.Absolutely incredible. My family and I have been coming here for over 20 years. It continues to be the cleanest, tastiest Chinese food I've ever had. The dishes are simple and showcase the ingredients without adding nasty extras that Chinese places are usually use to boost flavor. Veggies are fresh and meat is perfect.I use to go to this restaurant 15 years ago.  Since then it has changed owners I think but to my surprise the food was still superb.  I love there eggplant and friend string beans. There beef is so tender you can cut it with a fork.  It also NOT greasy which I like. very upscale.Great food! pleasant staff always remembers my past ordersA nice place -- good decor and ambience, very good service.  Really enjoyed the steamed dumplings.  The spicy cabbage was not spicy per se, just pickled, but definitely fresh and tasty.  Also tried the General's chicken... not something I would normally try at a place like this, but I was intrigued after reading some of the other reviews.  It was indeed lighter and less saucy than other General Tso's, and had a fresher taste.  Good flavor, but very mild, a bit bland even.  The house special boneless duck was delicious, would definitely order that again if I come back.  I'm still trying to find my go-to neighborhood Chinese restaurant.Staff was extremely friendly and the food was great.  Authentic Chinese cuisine.  It's a very intimate place and my waiter was fantastic.  Not too pushy, yet always aware when we needed something.  I loved the selection- from the seafood specials to the lamb, everything was great.Mustard Green is on my top 5 favorite restaurants in Philly. When I was younger we would go to Tangs, which was on south street. They closed and Mustard Green opened its doors for business. It was the same owner at the time, so the food ideas are the same as Tangs.
First and foremost, we love the staff! They are always very friendly and very attentive!  :: Hi to David and Ming::
As an appetizer I strongly suggest the steamed dumplings (what they are known for), the spring rolls, and any of the soups ( my favorite being the chicken and corn soup).
Their food is always fresh and very tasty. If you are looking for Chinese cuisine, this is the place to go. The atmosphere is casual and intimate.Mustard Greens calls itself contemporary, but the wait staff behave like they are from the developing world.  Everything is extra, and they act as if you should be lucky they are there to serve and feed you.  Plus, the food is mediocre at best.Great little place!  The garlic noodles are amazing and are a great side.  I would also order the generals chicken as that was good too.   The tai chin chicken is not fried and served w broccoli.   Nice quick service and good tea.My friend swears by this place but I was pretty underwhelmed. Their menu is short and feels like it's missing a lot of key things. There were hardly any vegetarian options and the one I tried was just okay. The staff was really sweet but I wish they'd extend their menu.A neighborhood gem, the duck was crispy and perfect. Both the noodles and dumplings were delicate and delicious.Live in the area, & I have to say Mustard Greens is the best Chinese restaurant in Queen Village. Their Garlic noodles with vegetables and fried rice is amazing. Five stars.I've gone here for the past 15 years and it is consistently great and fresh! The service is spot-on as well and fun to sit in upstairs room for larger parties.  Ming, Dave, Bon, and new guy Kenny are on their game! "Hello Kitty" and all her friends love Mustard Greens.Mustard Greens is one of my favorite restaurants! Every time I visit Philadelphia I make sure to stop by to see Bon and his staff. The service is great and the food leaves you craving for more. M shrimp is off the menu, you will thank me later!Hidden secret. Fantastic meal. Fantastic service. 5 stars! Four of us shared four dishes. Steamed chicken, general Tao, shrimp and noodles, spicy beef. Delicious!!Best Chinese food in all of America! Owner is so friendly and very generous...been here about 5 times and it keeps getting better everytime...its a must try for everyone in the tristate area!Mustard greens is probably one of the best if not the best Chinese food in Philly. I have dined in many times and tonight's dinner was spectacular! I ordered the soft shell crab and it was the best I have ever had. My server suggested a few dishes which were l great but that was by far my favorite!! My mouth is literally watering as I think about it and I just had to write this review. Anyone reading this you must give it a try you will not be disappointed. As for me I will be back in a few days for some more!!
Ps I will update my review with a picture for all to see :)It's easy to overlook the Chinese restaurant Mustard Greens because it has been in Queen Village forever...or at least longer than I can remember. That would be a mistake.  Mustard Greens is not a spectacular culinary tour de force nor is it mundane.  Maybe the best way to describe it is to label it one of the most consistent Chinese restaurants in Philadelphia...consistent in using fresh products and turning out good and tasty dishes.  Southern Chinese seems to be more the specialty here and while I like a couple of the spicier regional Chinese cuisines more - Mustard Greens makes a chili sauce that adds some hot flavor.  The spicy Chinese cabbage is always a good way to begin the meal and recently I enjoyed a tasty fire-cracker style shredded pork with ginger.  One of the truest ways to judge Mustard Greens is the fact that the dining room is often filled with happy diners after all these years!I've been going to Mustard Greens for the last 20 years, since my father has taken me as a child. It is by far the best Chinese food I've ever had. This is not your typical Chinese food from your local China Bowl or Asian Taste Inn. This is delicately crafted, precisely seasoned cuisine. Typical chinese american food is too saucy and too salty. Mustard Greens has formed the perfect menu and atmosphere for a homey and familial feeling.
What to order:
M Shrimp isn't on the menu but it is by far the best thing you will have ever eaten
Steamed dumplings 
Garlic noodles
Garlic string beans
Calamari
Barbecue Shrimp
Best wonton soup ever- light, and immediately recognized as homemade daily 
Generals Chicken
Soft shell crabs
You won't be sorry visiting Mustard Greens, and i'm excited to take my children there in the futureFood came out and both our dishes were cold. I have dietary restrictions and they were able to accommodate after a fair amount of negotiation with the waiter.  
My dining partner has only gluten free restriction and they tried to apply my restrictions on to her meal and therefore screwed up her meal! She wanted it spicy but the waiter said they couldn't do it spicy because she couldn't have sesame oil, which was not true, because I am allergic to sesame, not her. We had made that clear in the beginning, I even gave him a printed card with my allergy restrictions. 
They then became belligerent about fixing it. The waiter tried to pass me off to someone else, and then eventually I made my way to the kitchen and found the manager. While he was somewhat better he was still mostly belligerent. Eventually she was able to change her order and get something that worked for her, spicy eggplant instead of the very boring shrimp & squid dish.
In the end, rather than taking her meal off our bill they offered to give me another glass of wine, which I didn't want because my dinner was over. So when they brought the wine anyway, I took one sip, and I was done. Very disappointing!
If you want anything special forget it. And if your food comes cold don't be afraid to tell them! But honestly, we'll never return!Are you put off by cellphone conversations bouncing off the walls? Or an extended family with each member focused on individual cellphones? Or, on our last visit, a 12-year-old virtually lying on the table, feeding herself with her fingers, while the accompanying adult sat opposite, oblivious?
The management, sadly, has no policy policing cell calls. We have huddled for as long as 15 minutes while a women in the next booth yelled, yes yelled, in her instrument.
So sad, since the service is excellent and the food is good, and the prices are reasonable. We have been here more than a dozen times but are exhausted.Just finished my take-out order from Mustard Greens. Sure, as another Yelper mentioned, tofu and mixed vegetables isn't exactly an exciting dish, but I've had much much better many many other places. The tofu was steamed and sat on top of snow peas, thinly sliced carrots, miniscule pieces of mushrooms, celery and scallions. Where was the broccoli? Where was the baby corn? 
I asked for my order to come in spicy garlic sauce. On the phone they said they don't do garlic sauce (it's on the menu for the eggplant dish?) and that the tofu would would come in brown sauce. However, they could make it spicy.
Fine.
The brown bag at pick up contained nothing but my dinner. No napkins, no utensils, no fortune cookie. NO RICE. Did you hear me? NO RICE. When I got home, I added chili paste and soy sauce, because the meal was so bland (something I never ever do). 
Eh.Mustard Greens is amazing and I cannot recommend it enough! In a city with a ton of food options, it is some of the best Chinese food I have ever had. I am originally from Philly and whenever I am in from NYC I make sure to stop by. I have been going for many years and always try to order something new from the menu. I am yet to be disappointed with any of the mouthwatering options. It is a great option for higher quality Asian cuisine, that isn't overly sauced or salted. The garlic noodles are a MUST, as are the string beans. In addition to having excellent food, the service is warm and friendly, with a nice atmosphere and a full bar.I got the eggplant ginger and garlic plate and my boyfriend got the general tsaos Chicken. Both were lite sauces and tasted amazing. The general chicken had great white meat. 10/10 would Not recommend so I can save this gem for myselfOne of my absolute favorite Chinese restaurants ever and certainly the best in Philly. Everyone who works here is incredibly kind, attentive and knowledgable. The quality of the food and freshness is undoubtedly noticeable!! 
Definitely try the wonton soup, as the broth is to die for!! The actual wontons are paper thin and SO delicious!! The General Tso's chicken is unlike any that I've ever had-- it's not heavily battered or greasy and the chicken is still perfectly crispy. The stir-fried green beans as well as the Chinese broccoli... just YUM! The veggies aren't over-cooked and the garlic diced in both just adds a wonderful kick. The fried rice is also delicious. 
Love. love. love!There is no wonder this restaurant has been a local favorite for over 30 years.  Mustard Greens has been one of my favorites since I moved to Philadelphia in 2000. The owner, Bon, and his wait staff, make every customer feel special, and the food I second to none--very clean, fresh, never heavy or oily. I always order the steamed salmon with black bean sauce, dumplings, string beans and cabbage appetizers.  Once you try this little gem of a restaurant, you won't want to go anywhere else for Chinese.I had dined in once at Mustard Greens and it was good. Fast-forward to today ordering $55 + $3 tip take out and it was TERRIBLE. I ordered Chicken Tai chin, Beef Hunan, Spare ribs, and mustard greens. I asked for the beef and chicken to be extra spicy and they had no spice. The Beef was poor, nothing special, but the chicken was awful. It was not as advertised and swimming in vinegar/sugar water. The ribs were tough and very old and the mustard greens were very bland. When I called MG to tell them that the food was terrible, they told me that they were sorry but too bad; they would not take it back or do anything to rectify the situation. 
I understand a restaurant making a bad dish, or four, but to not stand behind your product is unacceptable. Old, tough ribs are a crime. I wish I had gone to Han Dynasty instead; it would have cost the same but it would've been delicious and spicy!Very fresh Chinese food.  The green beans are amazing, steamed dumplings great, everything was so fresh and they are very nice in there.  OK, it's a little more expensive than Chinatown places but we became fans after our first visit.