Excellent sushi!  The new leaf roll and the lobster tail tempura roll were amazing! The crunchy tuna was was good but just didn't compare to the other too.  Lychee martini was also awesome.From out of town and was feeling like eating Chinese. Yelp rating is accurate. I ordered Ma po tofu with a little extra space and it was delicious. stuffed eggplant was also excellent. Wonton soup had homemade wonton. Definitely worth A trip and the moneyThis place is new and a very large area inside.  The happy hour menu is a treat $4 for most rolls and items to try.  The food came out about 8 minutes after ordering, with great service.  The tuna was thick and very fresh.  Cleaned plates off the table quickly. Offered the happy menu drinks even after the happy hour was over. Very great service. Open sliding glass doors so was nice as the weather was great.  Will be back for sure soon!!!We live the sushi pizza. This place has anything you could possibly want in terms of Japanese and Chinese cuisine. Very friendly staff and good drinks too.Amazing food, drinks, and atmosphere! The Sushi was delicious and fresh. The service was really great as well even though it was a busy opening night for them. Food and drinks came perry quick. They were also very accommodating. This place will be my new go to!Fresh Shashimi and great service. You can tell the servers are a little new but the manager took care of our table very well. We will definitely be returning!The food is very good and fresh, the decoration of the place is nice but the service is very slow. The waitress forgot about us and the rest of the tables. You ask for the check and they never come back. Hope next time will be betterThis review is simply for their Sushi Pizza. What? Sounded like an odd dish- but my palette didn't care... in fact, it may have fallen in love. We ordered it to-go. It's raw tuna, salmon, and white fish on a crispy scallion pancake with seaweed salad topped with caviar, spicy mayo and white sauce and it is superb. I wasn't sure the pancake would hold up, especially since we ordered it to-go... but it was so crispy and didn't sag at all- delightfully surprising. The fish was fresh and the whole thing was almost sushi but without the rice and in pizza form. The whole ensemble just worked. Try it!Growing up with authentic Asian cuisine cooked by my family it has been hard to find a place that was even close to the flavors and quality. Happy to say this is the place! The food was measurable if not better than dishes I've had in Chinatown. The variety of food available will please any guest even those who have food restriction or are vegetarian. Presentation was impeccable. Every dish was well thought out and the staff was more than happy to answer any questions we had on the menu. Anna the hostess was so welcoming and one of the main reason I've been back 2x in under one week and have brought different groups of friends here.  The sushi pizza and wok shrimp have been my favorite dishes to date!Excellent lunch specials, fresh rolls, good service. The Lite FM radio station they blast in this place is enough to make anyone puke.I've gotten so much here from Chinese to Japanese and everything was above average. I love this place!!! They have the besstttt scallion pancakes too (even when delivered they are crispy and amazing!)Great service, very friendly, very informative had a nice happy hour! I'll be back and I would recommend this restaurant for a quick bite on Main Street or a drink at happy hour.Our bartender Christa was very friendly from the moment my brother and i walked in ! She was very attentive (and kept a very clean bar) This has become my new favorite place in manayunkGood service and food was good. Dan Dan noodles was a little to peanut butter forward good for those who loves peanut butterWe had great takeout earlier in the week from here so thought we would give the restaurant a sit-down tryout. The room has been at least two other restaurants in my memory and has been nicely cleaned up and renovated. There's lots of open space and I assume they are hoping for larger crowds to drive the purchase of more tables and chairs. All surfaces are hard and the early evening diners included 2-3 tables of young, noisy children. We shared the shrimp spring roll which we had as takeout earlier in the week. It's a great appetizer. I had the Spidey seafood soup which I enjoyed although getting the mussels of the shells requires sharper implements or teeth than I possess. My spouse had seafood on pan-fried noodles which she enjoyed. Crisp veggies and nice portions of scallops, fish, and shrimp. I also had the appetizer of ribeye and scallion roll--Yum! Service was accommodating and sufficiently attentive. Like everyone these days the help wanted sign was out front. We did not try the sushi this time, but we'll be back.Our new favorite spot in Manayunk! The food is delicious and fresh. It's great that they have sushi as well as great entrees. My favorites are the new leaf roll it is huge a delicious! The dry pepper chicken is amazing, the chicken is so crispy and never dry! We also love the fried rice and the lo mein. They also have delicious cocktails; lychee martini is delish! I highly recommend for take out or eat in.(12/25/19) UPDATE: This has been my go-to restaurant since my last review! On Xmas, a group of friends and I came in and received phenomenal service as usual. It was their first time here and they LOVED it! I also wanted to update my review to applaud Terry for not only holding to my wallet that I had left, but to also thank him for reaching out to me and ensuring that I got it back the same way I left it. Thank you guys!!We got miso soup and a spring roll as apps, and a few sushi rolls (California roll, sweet potato roll, and a couple others) We really enjoyed both the apps and sushi here, and everything was very reasonably priced.I keep loving this place more and more. This time I had the fish with honey walnut appetizer and it was filling. The king king roll which was salmon on salmon wrapped in salmon- yessss yes! Clean, fast, friendly and large. I'd go here again and again. Glad they are open on Main Street in Manayunmfresh sushi
tasty food
best cocktails
nice servers
kind people
thank you for opening one great chinese and Japanese on main st. LOVE the FOOD soooooo much. i thought it is ganna be a problem for parking. i have been here about 4times，always can find a spot next to new leaf 2.Excellent lunch specials, fresh rolls, good service. The Lite FM radio station they blast in this place is enough to make anyone puke.We wanted sushi and dim sum, and we got our money's worth. It was hard to narrow down what exactly we wanted, so I'd like to apologize to everyone that saw two of us put down as much food as we did. We shared pork dumplings, wontons in chili oil, scallion pancakes, coconut shrimp, a Philly roll, and a sweet potato roll. Everything was outstanding, but I was extremely partial to the coconut shrimp. Great food, great atmosphere (relatively crowded for 8:00-9:00 on a Thursday). The only thing missing from our trip was cucumber in the Philly roll, but that's something I easily got over.Great food and the bartender is amazing. He offered to make me specialty cocktails and made a toots troll martini AMAZING!  sushi is fresh and deliciousA terrific restaurant with amazing food. The menu has a good selection of sushi and sashimi, as well as of wok, rice and noodle dishes. I had the duck glazed with plum and garlic and after all these of us tasted it the verdict is AMAZING! Every dish we ordered was excellent and the service was quick. My water cup was never empty more the n a few seconds. Highly recommend this place and adding to our favorite listThe service here is hit or miss but this is definitely my go to Chinese/ sushi place in manayunk. They're always 20 minutes max wait for pick up and pretty quickly for delivery as well. The food holds up pretty well during delivery and I haven't had any issues.
They have great apps, the crab ragoons are some of the best I've ever had. Also the dandan noodles are something you should definitely try, they are like a spicy peanut butter noodle with pork.
The sushi is always pretty good and they have a great happy hour on week days for ordering rolls.
For the main course the wok tossed shrimp (i get half shrimp half chicken) is amazing and I'll probably continue to get it every time. There entrees are also definitely big enough to share if you preferThey have a great happy hour menu and spacious seating. It would be a good option to come here to dine with a large group, which can be difficult to find in manayunk. The sushi is affordable and decently priced, the sushi pizza is excellent and the Chinese dishes are authentic! Great new addition to main Street.Great For a "pan Asian" restaurant. Really good sushi, and Chinese dishes. Good beer selection.Stopped in after noticing it as a new spot in the neighborhood, I'm a big fan of Asian cuisine and cocktails, and this place nails both of them. The bartender Bob was extremely knowledgeable of his craft as a mixologist and made me some amazing Asian fusion style cocktails that instantly made me fall in love with the place before even getting my food. This place will soon be a neighborhood staple, must visit spot in the new and evolving Manayunk area.Had something new - wonton in chilli oil. The best wonton soup I've ever had! The initial heat was different.  Then i detected a sweetness. Excellent combo of tastes. I recommend you try.Came here on a thursday night with a larger party, about 7 people. The server was really cool and the atmosphere was nice. The music was a little too loud that it was hard to carry a conversation at a dinner table and the waiter had trouble hearing us when taking our orders. The food portions are fairly large and I would consider it more of a sharing style. I would highly recommend to order the pork steam buns as an appetizer, they were so good i ordered extra to go. The dan dan noodles are okay, i would have liked it to be spicer and closer to a real Szechuan style. The Mongolian lamb dish was awesome. I will probably return in the near futureMy new favorite restaurant in Manayunk! Amazing food, super friendly staff, great spacious atmosphere.I waited to write this review but after my four visit, I knew I had to share how much I love their sushi!
New Leaf 2 is barely a month old in Manayunk but quickly has become my most favorite place. Not only is the layout perfect - sushi bar then wrap around bar - but the staff is so friendly. Sharon in particular is lovely and attentive to her customers. 
Onto the food - my pictures speak for themselves! The sushi is fresh, beautifully presented, and SO delicious. I'm working through the whole menu, but so far my favorites are: Ninja Turtles and Green Lady rolls. They are each so flavorful and innovative. 
If you're looking for a quality place for awesome sushi in Manayunk, you MUST try this place. You'll be for a treat!Tried New Leaf for happy hour and had a wonderful experience. Their happy hour menu is awesome..$6 cocktails, $4.00 rolls and select apps, $6 bigger apps. You really can't go wrong with this deal. 
We got a bunch of different rolls from the HH menu. I'd recommend any of them, they were all excellent. They were basic rolls, but I often prefer the more simple rolls over the signature ones anyway. We tried the Dan Dan noodles, pork won tons and another app involving pork  on the menu. All were awesome but I would absolutely get the Dan Dan noodles again. The presentation of the sushi was also very pretty and well done.
As far as drinks go, I had the Asian mule which was ok. My friend had the lyche martini and I wish I had gotten that instead because it was excellent. My other friend tried the green tea martini which was good if you're into green tea.
A few important take always though:
amazing customer service. They accidentally brought me a crab roll instead of a Philly roll and apologized for the mistake, didn't take the crab roll back and didn't charge me for it. The Diet Coke was flat and they also took that right off the bill. The waitresses were very friendly and attentive. In addition, I think it may have been the owner.. came up to us at least twice to see if we needed anything. We also got towelettes before we left as well. 
Fantastic experience and I will be a return customer. Definitely worth getting sushi here compared to the more expensive places in Manayunk.I ordered take out for the first time from this restaurant earlier today. The delivery was early and the sushi was out of this world. They got our order right even with special requests. This is going to be my new go-to Friday night delivery spot.New Leaf is such a great addition to Main Street. The food is excellent, service is decent, and drinks are bomb. I initially walked in the first time just because the bar looked cool, and stayed for the great food. Highlights: lychee martini, sushi pizza, Dan Dan noodles. Their sushi seems pretty standard, good but nothing incredible. Their noodle/rice dishes and dim sum seem to be their specialty.Exceptional quality, must try their chinese kitchen, food from Sushi bar is nice.  Very nice bar and atmosphere.I was home from having surgery a friend picked up lunch for us as a surprise. I cannot tell you how heavenly the sushi taste it was deliciousWife and I have gotten take out twice on as many weeks. Food has been great. Preferred over Han Dynasty.What a great find !  Food was excellent !  Combination of Chinese and Japanese , excellent food , service and prices. !  Service was quick, reliable and efficient    Lots of variety on menu   It doesn't look very promising from the outside but the place of great. We'll be back !!We grabbed some take out during Covid. They had all workers masked, no touch hand sanitizer, a plastic sheet at cash register. Fast service. My order was ready on time. For pickup. The steak was tender and the sauce nice w lots of onions and garlic. Answered the phone quickly and professionally. We grabbed a couple six packs to go.This place is my new go to! Their juice buns are much like soup dumplings, but with pork inside. We also had the general tao's and it was delicious. Sushi is good too! Miso soup is average. The only downside i've noticed is that sometimes takeout takes a very long time. If you have time to wait I highly recommendEasily the best Happy Hour in manayunk and the food is awesome. Love this place. Great beers on draft and the food is very reasonably priced.There is no shortage of takeout options in Manayunk, but New Leaf 2 has risen to the top of my list! The lunch special is a fantastic value -- something like 3 rolls for $12? Regardless, it's consistently delicious! The storefront is also HUGE and the bar is stocked so I'll have to dine in sometime.Pretty decent food!  The sushi pizza looks way better than it is though- the scallion pancakes that serve as the crust are very thin.  The sushi itself is very inexpensive, but tasted very fish.  We had pretty bad integration for the next day after we ate here, so we won't be returning.  Vic sushi is a better alternative, but if you're in the Roxborough area New Leaf isn't so bad!We ordered take out through Grub Hub. This food was fabulous. My only complaint is that they forgot the sweet and sour sauce for the sweet and sour chicken. If they can get their delivery game on, this will be 5 stars from me and my go to Chinese!We come here at least once a week ! We love sitting at a bar and usually order 2-3 small plates and 1-2 sushi rolls. Some of our favorites are dan dan noodle, Shanghai juice buns, wanton in chili oil, king salmon roll, and shrimp tempura rolls and more. Their sushi is always fresh with a big portion!First Review!
Stumbled upon this place on their opening night. The fish  is delicious. Very fresh and tasty. 
We are big fans.Manayunk needed something new! And they have it with New Leaf 2! This is a sister location of their first restaurant is located in Broomall. First impressions matter most and New Leaf 2 did not disappoint.  Ordered the edamame and wontons in chili oil to start. Wontons were excellent. Would like a little more heat but the flavors were there. Spicy tuna rolls packed a punch which is exactly what I was looking for! Will need to come back and try more of the sushi.
Drinks were a hit with my group.  I do believe we ordered the 1st sake bombs here. We ordered sake martinis, greenteani(green tea martini), lychee martini, and multiple beers.  The Bar manager PJ suggested Sapparo and I loved it! Bartenders Bob and Lisa were very attentive and we never had an empty drink.  The only reason this is a 4 star review is because I have not tried their entrees but ik sure that will change in the near future.  I'm glad we found this new restaurant and I'm pretty sure we have found our new happy hour location.This place is delicious and the staff is so friendly and asked us multiple times if we were doing good.  I highly recommend for anyone looking for Chinese.Amazing amazing amazing! Sushi? Amazing! Crab Rangoon? Amazing! Best thing there by far is the steamed juicy buns!!! Amazing staff! Me and my fiancé went there a couple months apart and the bartender remembered from the first time we were there that we asked to put the Phillies on! He recognized us right away and asked us if we would like the game on again! Drinks are also great! Food holds up well when delivered as well!Saw this was new fusion resturant and had to check it out. Decided Saturday Night dinner was a good time to come check it out for the first time. 
Ambiance was nice, no wait for 2 people. The place is very large and has both a sushi bar and full bar. We ordered chicken dumplings and a Thai iced tea to start. Everything was tasty and came out quick. 
We then ordered a bunch of sushi rolls were impressed with the taste, freshness and quantity. 
Pictures I've included will do it more justice. 
Overall, good experience lots of options and quality food. The only reason this isn't 5 stars was because I had to deduct a star for the service. The resturant wasn't packed and it seemed like our server was overwhelmed with just a few people in the resturant. A few times where I had to actually flag down the waitress to get her attention. We will be back to give it another go for 5 stars!New Leaf is great. The first Chinese / Japanese food I've had in a while that actually made the food extra spicy for me!!! Would recommend the Pad Thai to anyone.What a great addition to Main Street! My fiancé and I came here for dinner on a Monday night and the bar was pretty full. They have plenty of happy hour specials, which we missed by a few minutes, unfortunately. The sushi menu is really great. We ordered three specialty rolls and an edamame appetizer to share and expected to order more. However, rolls were all bigger than average in size and three filled us up - no complaints about that The sushi was fresh and tasted great. I also ordered the seemingly popular Lychee martini which was sweet but good! I would order it again or try to green-tini. Needless to say, overall great experience. We can't wait to go back already!Very good sushi! Unfortunately got the pepper seared tuna not the 8 pc chefs choice sashimi combo we ordered.Went here for happy hour last night with a few friends and wow! What an awesome happy hour that they have. $4 select rolls. We tried California, pumpkin and avocado which were all fresh. They had a few other options like spicy tuna, salmon Avo, etc.. The chicken and shrimp dumplings were very tasty ($4 each as well). And what can I say about the martinis .. they certainly don't skimp on the alcohol provided in them. Overall, we will be back!I hate I'm writing this because I have heard so many good things about the sushi here. But my male friend and I went inside to get seated for two when the male host proceeded to lead us outside and said "I can take you to the bus stop, or I can seat you at the trashcan". At first we thought he was joking, but then proceeded to lead us off the property to the trash by the curb. The host took two excited, paying customers to the literal curb. We honestly have no explanation as to why we were treated this harshly, as we were both dressed properly, wearing masks and polite when asking for a table. Only after I told him I'd be writing this review is when he started to apologize. We were absolutely disgusted and confused from this entire experience. I will never support this business.Excellent new Asian restaurant!
They do sushi and they also do very good Thai and Chinese entrees! 
I'm sad I forgot to take photos of the other food dishes but my friends and I shared a bunch of dishes. We got 3 sushi rolls, a shrimp entree (special), wok fried lemongrass beef, and a special curry (I forget the name sorry!)
The sushi rolls were really well made! One of the important things about sushi for me is the rice to sushi ratio and this restaurant definitely understands it! They pack the sushi into that roll making sure that there isn't too much rice.
Their shrimp special entree was so so delicious! It was a jumbo shrimp lightly battered and fried with some bok choy veggies! The lemongrass beef was very well marinated and a bit spicy too! The beef was super tender and the kick and veggies really brought out a great flavor! 
The curry was a great addition! The curry flavor was light and not too heavy! The portion for the curry was also very generous! 
The restaurant itself is very spacious and the staff is very friendly!! I would definitely come back again to try their other dishes and have some more sushiSo i ordered through Doordash.. I ordered the spare ribs, crab wontons and general tao chicken. The food was good but the portions were very little for the price i paid. I never seen such little wontons in my life but they were soo good..The ribs were also small but very tender and delicious.  My general tao was a decent size but not for the price i paid. It was just ok nothing special.  Will definitely try other menu items in the future but again those crab wontons were amazing.Really awesome happy hour.  Fairly decent sushi.  Nice all around selection.  Awesome staff.  There you have the heart of my review.  
Happy Hour: 4 to 6pm. Rolls are dirt cheap.  Drinks flow.  They also have street food and dumplings on HH special too.  I love the Lychee Martini and usually get it and 3 rolls or 2 rolls and a dumping (I recommend the fried shrimp dumplings).  I've had sake from time to time and while a nice HH deal, it usually isn't for me.
Sushi:  Besides the HH rolls, they have the usual sushi/sashimi offerings and a selection of specialty rolls.  I won't say they have the best sushi I've ever had, but they clearly have the best sushi on Main Street Manayunk.
Selection: Don't worry, if you don't like sushi, there have plenty of other options.  Honestly, their menu might be a bit too big, especially if you are one to have difficulties deciding.  I like most of their street food and they do a fair job on Dan Dan noodles.
Staff:  Really great people.  Very helpful.  I don't feel like they are trying to up-sell me.  And the bartenders know how to make a drink.
Enjoy!I've had takeout from this place many times but finally had the chance to eat in, so now I get to review the full experience!
First off, you know the Chinese food here is legit because the owner here used to work in the Chinatown restaurant scene. Japanese food is not as legit in the sense that none of the sushi chefs here are Japanese, but the sushi is still fresh and at a more affordable price than nearby Yanako. 
There is also a full bar inside if you don't feel like eating and just want to hang with a couple drinks. Plus, happy hour food and drink specials don't hurt! 
The con to this place is the service. Our server didn't seem to know the menu too well, or just about Chinese/Japanese food in general. When asked how many pieces the shrimp tempura comes with, the server responded the roll comes with 5. We reiterated that we are not ordering the roll, but just the tempura, but he didn't seem to know there was a difference. We ended up having to ask him to ask another server what we meant. 
Overall, a great addition to Main St., and a nice place for a date, a large dinner, or even just to grab a drink with a friend!Everything we ordered was really good. We could tell it was fresh. It was nice to be able to get really good sushi while others at our table ordered Chinese. Something for everyone, service was great and so was the atmosphere. We will definitely be back.I've been here many times and am never disappointed. This is the place where they consistently deliver beautiful presentations of their food. They serve their sushi on interesting and unique platters. I even love the quality of their napkins.
We ordered the cancun specialty roll, crab rangoon and pan fried pork dumplings (which are large). Everything was great! The sushi (8 pieces) tasted fresh and had the perfect amount of spiciness. I recommend getting a side of the spicy aioli to go along with it. 
Great food, great service, great atmosphere.Ordered takeout on UberEats during the virus pandemic. We were so grateful at all of the protective procedures New Leaf had in place! The doors were all propped open and they had our food ready right at the counter to pick up and we literally walked out without touching anything but the bag handles. They had a big automatic hand sanitizer dispenser too (somehow- how did they even get that haha). This was actually my first time ordering from New Leaf and my boyfriend and I both loved the entrees we ordered and we will surely be coming back as long as they are open!The best around!! Love everything I've ever purchased. Ordered from grub hub was prompt and nice. Will be ordering from again!Got a yellowtail roll (fish was fresh) and a Dan Dan noodle (pass on the noodle, it was just ok). 
Overall, not bad and would go back again!Delicious food and reasonable prices. Service was a bit slow but it's not a deal breaker since it was my first time there. I got 3 rolls of sushi and they were fresh and tasty! I will be back!My go to Chinese food spot. Always fresh and delicious. Whether I eat it there or get it delivered.An absolutely wonderful experience with excellent food!  Came in with empty stomachs and came out smiling with leftovers. The sushi pizza was phenomenal and a definite recommendation! Every staff member was super nice and made sure our every annoying request was met! The owner, Terry, even came over to check on us and made sure we were having a good time. I can't wait to come back!This has become our new spot-- the friendliest staff and most delicious sushi. Presentation is beautiful and happy hour specials cannot be beat!They are so welcoming and friendly to our 3 year old, too! Highly recommend!Love this place! This is my husband and I go to when we want a nice meal. Their hot sake is great and so is their sushi. We have order multiple items on the menu and never have been disappointed.Everything was fresh and delish! I had sushi and very fluffy pork rolls. My wife had the tempura lunch special. The staff was uber friendly and the food came quickly. The decor was modern and cool. I plan to go back there for my birthday in January and bring some foodie friends with me, I feel confident that they will be impressed as well.Everything was so good! It was my first time here and the bartender, Chris, made me some amazing cocktails! My Volcanic Roll wasn't bad either. Absolutely recommend this place, and I'll definitely be back!Was originally looking for ramen and settle for this , the noodles weren't the best, tasted like something I can make myself at home. The drinks we're good. But overall can't see myself dying to come here. The menu is mostly 85% just types of sushi.Sushi is consistently good. It is a good place to sit down and eat if you can find parking. We just ordered take out andthis is the amount of soy sauce they gave me for 5 rolls. Thanks.These Chinese devours come from @newleafmanayunk . Their service is really great. Their team of servers are very attentive and they check back within 5 to 10 minutes to see if everything is still OK at your table. They are bathrooms are exceptionally clean; And they do offer both indoor and outdoor dining. Our food came out pretty fast which was really good. Here is their crispy calamari, along with their Tom Yum seafood soup; and their seafood delight dish that came with shrimp, scallop, salmon, snow peas, mushroom in light black bean sauce! The calamari was really good especially with the duck sauce. The Tom Yum soup was very filling and tasteful. And the seafood delight was simply amazing with the black bean sauce; I really enjoyed it. If you're ever in Manayunk and want some really good affordable Chinese cuisine please check out @newleafmanayunk and tell'em SHIMMY sent you! #food #foodie #foodphotography #foodblogger #foodstagram #philly #philadelphia #soup #tomyumsoup #shrimp #calamari #duck #scallops #water #snowpeas #salmonDefinitely better in the restaurant than takeout. Sushi is good not great. Other dishes like dumplings and entrees are good.I got take out and the food was absolutely delicious. The shrimp tempura was crispy and perfectly cooked.  The salmon belly sushi was different and very fresh.  The General Tso shrimp was also good.  But my absolutely fav was the roasted duck stir fried udon noodles. OMG the duck was so soft and tender and had a great smoky flavor and it enhanced the noodles to also have that same smoked flavor.  I couldn't get enough of it and it's very addicting.  I highly recommend it.I was really craving sushi a few weeks ago and wanted to try New Leaf 2 since it was new to Manayunk. I was highly impressed with the quality and taste of the sushi! It was reasonably priced as well. Everyone has to try the Spicy Lady Roll! It's excellent. The fact that they have a full bar, is an added bonus.The sushi is good, great actually and there are a lot of options. The food is not that great, it lacks taste & flavor. I'd be better off making fried rice or anything on their menu at home.To sum it up, great flavor, good portions and hits the spot but a little overpriced. We got the dry pepper chicken which is nothing like the ones you might expect from a Szechuan place like Han Dynasty. It wasn't crispy but it was really flavorful and we enjoyed it a lot. The Mongolian lamb was okay, the meat was a little tough and not worth the money in our opinion. All the veggies and flavor overall was good though. Last thing we got was hot & sour soup, and that was exactly what we wanted and expected flavor wise.