I love this place. Pizza is my favorite in the area. I'm incredibly picky with my food, especially meat, but I have yet to find something on their menu I don't like. Best of all, delivery is always super fast and everyone who works there is so nice. The delivery guy even waits until I'm back in my house and shut the door before he drives away. Find me one other delivery guy in west philly who is that nice. New Style is also the only place that doesn't make me cringe when I see what it looks like. It is SUPER clean. I've stopped ordering from so many pizza places after getting pick up and seeing how gross it is. Seeing New Style actually made me like it more.In search of the ever-elusive philly pizza, I wandered into New Style Pizza, hoping to find a tasty pie shop in my neighborhood. Maybe I caught them on an off night...but the pizza was so bad that I probably won't go back to test it out.Two words, Stuffed Pizza! That is all you need to order. The stuffed cheesesteak pizza was life changing, I had never had a pizza quite like it before. I've lived all over the country eating pizza and loving life. But until I had this pizza my life was incomplete, it's just full of cheese and chopped steak with a crust on top also, wait for it, covered in cheesy goodness! Honestly my only complaint would be their hours, stay open later and you would be my drunk food Mecca!Wasn't expecting much because of the neighborhood, but the food was great.  Cheesesteak was good.  Pizza was delicious.Went here for lunch on a weekend. We ordered two 'small' strombolis (vegetarian and steak). They were good and came with a yummy (but oily) garlic dipping sauce. They were also HUGE. One small ended up being my lunch AND dinner that day. 
It ended up being $20 for the two of us and we were stuffed. It took them a while to make our order though.I used to come here often when I was in college, mainly because my best friends lived in the apartment building next door (literally) to New Style the last couple of years we were there. The family who runs the shop is nice enough, and I will admit that their chicken tenders are pretty good. That being said, the pizza is pretty underwhelming, but I got it every now and then because it's hard to go wrong with 2 small-ish slices for $1.25...just don't expect something that tastes amazing. I haven't tried anything else in the restaurant, but it was a nice place to grab a quick and convenient bite. But if you wanted pizza, you could always swing by Allegro's, and there were plenty of pubs around if you wanted that kind of food. It's quick, simple, and cheap, but don't expect anything more than what you pay for.This is my go to spot in University City. The food is always fresh and the service is always very good.  I stopped in for lunch and had a Turkey club. It was very very good. The bacon was hot and they use fresh roasted turkey. I've had everything from their pizza to sandwiches  and all have been very good.
Next time I'm in the area I will surely be back. Solid 4 stars.8 months ago--now 8/26/11--this was one of the best pizzas I had in West Philly.  This was going to be my pizza shop.  In the last half year, things have gone downhill tremendously.  Late deliveries. wrong orders, etc.  Good customer service, but their delivery seems messed up.  Tighten it up a bit, and it could be one of--or THE--best place in West.While there are too many pizza places in town, the quest of searching for decent pizza has been a perpetual process for years now. New Style emerged as one of the better ones a couple of years ago, and for a while it was, that is, with the soft yet crispy crust, neither too thick, nor too salty like most of them are, and the toppings were quite flavorful too. Until a few months ago, things turned "south", the pizza crust turned hard and soggy, and the topping became watery with vegetables of poor quality, and the size of the pizza has shrunk too.. We had no choice but giving up because of the declining quality.They have some unique topping combinations that work well together. I'm a particular fan of the New Style Special (meat, veggies, mushrooms), the Meat Lovers, and the Veggie (with spinach and olives). The cheese they use is a flavorful mix rather than the usual bland mozzarella found in most cheap pizza joints. I also like the crusts--they're generally thin and crusty--not crunchy, but with a definite tougher, bubbly exterior and softer interior that creates a nice texture. It tastes especially good when it's piping hot and fresh out of the oven. Overall, I'd say the pizza here is a cut or two above average.To say this pizza was bad is being too nice. Lots of west Philly pizzas are pretty bad, but edible in a pinch (best house, fiesta - I'm talking to you). We got an XL plain cheese it arrived fairly cold & starting to harden and congeal. Pulling up a slice it didn't have any nice stringy cheese attached. The crust was very thin and had no flavor or substance. The cheese was like frozen bowling alley pizza. But the crowning shame is the sauce- dear god, it's like lemons, sour tomatoes and ammonia. It's really over powering. 
I couldn't finish one slice, and I'm no pizza snob by any stretch. A few of our dude friends could eat one, barely- but they usually eat 4. 
My throat burns like I just threw up. 
I'm in awe of the 4 or 5 star reviews here. Are they all dying of starvation ? Have they never eaten pizza...ever? Are they higher than kites and would eat dry cat food if it was the only thing around? I can't figure it out.
I don't like being mean, but there is no other way to be. I cannot put a positive spin on this pizza. So damn awful.Ordered from here last night and was so disappointed about everything we received.  Got a pizza that was a pre baked crust, and triple the "crust" it should have been as they didn't cover the pizza with anything, leaving a crappy 2-3" rubbery crust for us.  The appetizer sampler was a joke as the onion rings were the kind that are all chopped up and not good, the broccoli cheese bites were just terrible, the breaking was so soggy on the mushrooms, it was just a slimy mess on the bottom of the container, and the mozzarella sticks were not the greatest to say the least.  The chicken fingers were fine, but one thing being ok isn't going to save this place.  The dozen wings were so tiny that they weren't actually a dozen wings, they were maybe 6 wings worth of meat on the poor starving chickens that they must have been from.
I'd highly recommend never going here, and hopefully when (not if) they close down, something edible will take it place.I've been in Philly for 2 years and I eat pizza at least once a week (I know, I'm the worst). I've tried every pizza place in university city/west philly but New Style definitely hits the spot. The crust and sauce, and the way they create a pizza is of higher quality than the other pizza places around the area. It's never soggy - always crisp enough. If you ask for anything customized, such as toppings or the amount of cheese or sauce, they never mess up (at least not for me). I also get their other dishes regularly - mainly pastas and broccoli rabe with shrimp, which I recommend. =)This is among the best pizza places I've tried in Philly.  I am still looking for one to really wow me though, which is why I am holding off on five stars.
The ingredients were very fresh and flavorful.  This place was pretty quick too, which I liked.  Very reasonable prices!  There are a few tables too for sit-down dining.
I'd gladly come back here, but I'm still looking.  I lived in New Haven, CT for a year, so my standards are pretty high.  So far, the only Pizza place that I've given 5 stars in the Philly metro area is Jules Thin Crust, near Jenkintown.
What could make the pizza here better?
I think the crust of the pizza here is too regular in texture.  I like crust that is slightly thinner, and that bubbles out a bit on the edge, with big, chewy bubbles that are slightly burned around the edges.  I know that sounds highly specific, but I know it when I see it (or sink my teeth into it).  I love those thin, chewy crusts that have a really great bready texture around the edge, but that don't interfere with the pizza itself.  The crust here was just a tad too thick for my tastes, but it was too uniform around the edge.
I wouldn't change much of anything about the cheese or toppings though...they pretty much had this part down...or at least within the 5-star zone!some of the worst pizza I've had in recent memory.  Service was fine, delivery came within 30 mins but man was the food bad.  Pizza tasted worse than something you'd buy in the frozen section of the grocery store - floppy and tasteless.  Ended up eating 1 slice and throwing the rest of my entire large pizza in the trash.This has to be the best pizza place in West Philly. The pizzas are hearty, the crust is nice and thick, and everything is always cooked so well. A bit pricey but much better than the other (scant) pizza options in Univ. City.This is one of my favorite pizza spots in UCity.  The owners are the nicest people.  They use the freshest bread for their hoagies and the pizza is good too.  They renovated the shop last year and the inside is more attractive.  Good food and good people.So all the bad pizza shops in my west philly hood werent quie avail two wont deliver anymore after 9. I live near the infamous Best House and Fiesta meh. Called New Style! First time this pizza was freakn great! Flavor, crust, right amount of grease! The delivery was fast, still hot and the guys that work there seemed decent! Close your eyes and you would think you are in Nyc or New England eatting a slice.Best pizza in philly. Grilled chicken salad is my version of crack. So good. We have ordered from here waaaaaaaaaaaaay too much.HORRIBLE HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE!! I called in to make a phone order and the employee who picked up the phone was rude and disrespectful as soon as I asked a question about a menu item. He stated that he had other customers and did not want to answer questions. Excuse you, then why be on phone duty? Of course because of his condescending attitude he messed up the other at pickup and when I went back to ask why it wasnt completed, the phone answering vermin started yelling at me that what i ordered was wrong and he was right. No no no sweetheart. I didnt even receive half of what i ordered. Maybe if you  werent being such an ahole to your paying customers, your store wouldnt be empty. No apology or attempt to correct the order like any proper restaurant. Save your money and eat elsewhere on campus. Never have I received service this terrible in Philadelphia, even from lost taxi cabs. Also, the honey mustard was watery as shit.Hidden gem of University City. The app and website are easy to use. I recommend the buffalo chicken wrap and the steak Stromboli. The pizza crust is incredible. The chicken/meatball parm is always delicious. Order was ready in under 20min.I love New Style. Being a pizza-snobby New Yorker, I suffered when I came to Philly for want of good pizza. Then I discovered New Style. Don't get me wrong; I don't consider New Style to be the same type of pizza as a Brooklyn slice. It's good in it's own special way. The crust is really like nothing I've had anywhere else before, and that's what makes it so special to me. Combined with the fact that everyone who works there, including the owner Chris, is really nice, and that they also have good non-pizza food, New Style is just an all-around WIN.My girlfriend and I almost never order food in if it is just the two of us.  When we do we painstakingly research all the reviews for a place and compare prices, coupons, etc.  For V-Day we decided to go real classy like and order in.  New Style Pizzeria sold us on their good prices, good reviews, and the multitude of dessert options.  I got a Buffalo Chicken Finger Hoagie.  It was really delicious!  I loved how saucy the chicken was and the roll that it was on was sooo tasty!  My only complaint is the cheapo fast food lettuce that they put on it.  Next time I will definitely tell them to forget the lettuce.  My girlfriend can't stop raving about the delicious Chocolate Mousse pie slice she got.
-As an update, I recently ordered from New Style with some friends and we got two pizzas and a bunch of dessert cake slices.  I didn't try the desserts but I was obsessed with the deliciousness of their buffalo chicken pizza!  I wasn't so crazy about the veggie pizza that we got, but I think that was just because it had mushrooms and olives on it and I'm not a big fan of either.  But the buff chick blew my mind and I look forward to ordering it again soon!We went with a half veggie (with red sauce) and half anchovies and mushroom. The anchovies were as advertised, salty, but blended nicely with the mushrooms. The crust was chewy and there was a nice (about 50/50) blend of cheese to sauce. The cheese was really melty and had a hard time sticking with the pizza. The veggie pizza had a nice helping of broccoli, onions, tomatoes, and other veggies. A nice new addition to the University City pizza scene. Yummy pizza and a friendly staff. They also do delivery as well but I'm not sure about their delivery range.Shared the 14' stuffed cheese steak pizza with friends and something was missing. I wasn't a fan of the crust, not enough cheese inside and I thought there would be more ingredients inside the pizza (diced onions, peppers and more favor overall) without being something additional. 
The guys here are totally cool and honor the "customer is always right" rule. I must of mistakenly asked for a cheese steak pizza and not the "stuffed" and they changed it without drama. Even brought it out to my car! That kind of service will get me back to try something else.
See, you got a confession out of me! (Insider to the server who took my order initially!)New Style Pizza is the best of the worst in my opinion. The food is typical pizzeria fare but it's better quality than what you usually find in university city. I had the cheese pizza, chicken hoagie and the penne alfredo with broccoli and chicken. All in all, it had no taste, which is better than a bad one.I've had their, hoagies clubs, sandwiches and today their pizza.  Their sandwiches are all regular pizza shop fare, lots of lettuce and turkey "loaf" instead of bread.
Their pizza is awful; frozen dough, greasy, rubber cheesed, bulk purchased sauce garbage.  I expected way more from a place with pizza in the name.  Especially when everything else I've gotten there has been at least decent.  Looking at other reviews (and pictures) I can't help but think people have gone mad by saying this is the best pizza.  I've had Dominos that tasted better and this.
My tip: DO NOT GET THEIR PIZZA.  Anything else is a-ok pizza place fare, but their pizza is the stuff of infamy.My girlfriend and I almost never order food in if it is just the two of us.  When we do we painstakingly research all the reviews for a place and compare prices, coupons, etc.  For V-Day we decided to go real classy like and order in.  New Style Pizzeria sold us on their good prices, good reviews, and the multitude of dessert options.  I got a Buffalo Chicken Finger Hoagie.  It was really delicious!  I loved how saucy the chicken was and the roll that it was on was sooo tasty!  My only complaint is the cheapo fast food lettuce that they put on it.  Next time I will definitely tell them to forget the lettuce.  My girlfriend can't stop raving about the delicious Chocolate Mousse pie slice she got.My "Go-To-Restaurant" of choice in University City! Small but clean environment for eat in or take out. Well diverse and prepared menu with good proportions. Fast courteous service eat in or delivery. I was once told at lunchtime delivery would take 35-40 min... food was there in 20 min!I ordered a roast beef hoagie, meat had no flavor. Also, i saw two cockroaches coming out of a hole on the floor. Definitely now going there again.New Style throws one of the best pizzas in U City. Granted, that isn't saying much, but there is something innately satisfying about sinking one's teeth into perfectly proportioned quantities of cheese, tomato sauce, and crust. Their pizza has more pizza-y flavor (that's a thing, right?) than your local chain parlor and the textures are just right. The crust in particular is delicious, neither too chewy nor too crunchy. Prices are reasonable as well. My only complaint is that the pizza is too salty. If hypertension isn't one of your biggest concerns, hit up New Style the next time you're seeking a slice in University City.I live close by, so thats a major selling point, but of the three pizza places I've tried in the area, they are the best. They bake garlic sauce right onto the crust... usually I'll dip the crust in hot or BBQ sauce but not necessary here. Also, the sauce is a lot less acidic than other area pizzerias for those of you with sensitive stomachs.Wow. Best crust I have had in ages. First time visitor and would highly recommend this shop to any in the area.New Style is one of the numerous pizza/italian combo shops that cover most of Philly, but here in University City it is one of the best. 
You can really taste the quality and the freshness of the ingredients when you eat from New Style. The decor is modern and the layout of the store stands out. The store is also seems super clean which definitely gives it an advantage when compared to the other pizza combo shops.  
New Style sells a variety of items ranging from Chicken fingers, pasta, salads, paninis , and of course Pizza.
The rating I have here is what I grade their Pizza. While the ingredients are fresh and it's not a bad slice, it is not the New York style thin and wide slices that I love in a pizza. Also the pizza is GREASY, one of the more greasier slices that I have had, the grease soaks right through the bottom of the box.
All in all a lil bit better than A-ok1st time ordering lunch for department.  Delivery was on time and the pizza and salad was great!  Will order again.I've gotten a cheesesteak on 2 separate occasions and I have to say I thoroughly enjoyed them.  Very tasty and you get a lot of meat. I very much recommend this place.I want to love this place. Clean, well kept place. Smells great. Food looks great. Eaten here three times and three times the dinner just didn't taste good. 
Maybe need new cooks or something. Could be great and in great location. Just plain bad. 
I've had fries, cheesesteak, mozzarella sticks (horrible and not the good crispy batter kind), white ricotta garlic pizza, chicken Florentine steak sandwich. 
None for the price tag, which is high.Great pizza & wings!
Horrible burgers! The worst burger I ever ate. Had to throw all of it away.
Great delivery...It is right across the street of where I live, but I haven't had their food too much till recently. I've got chess steak once now and then just to stuff my belly before I headed to the 76ers game or saturday no-dumpling, no-party nights.
I haven't had the slices with them, my favorite package from them is the 2 small chees pizza with 10 buffalo wings, $15 is a very fair price, way too enough for two ppl.It's a shame, I used to order from here multiple times a week. Then prices went up and portions got smaller, but I'm not upset, kept ordering from them. On one order they ran out of bread (again, not too upset) but they never even bothered to tell me. Had me waiting close to two hours before I called and no apology, no refund, no credit, no replacement. In the end, the guy on the phone just made me someone elses problem. Again, a big shame, but I will never order from here again if that's how they handle mistakes. The whole situation was handled so poorly and left a sour taste in my mouth.one of the WORST pizzas i've EVER HAD!  total prefab, cookie-cutter b.s.  is it digiourno, or is it delivery?  oh wait, the only way i can tell is that if i put the bbq sauce on the pizza myself (i ordered the bbq chicken pizza), it probably wouldn't make me want to puke.  don't ever get the pizza from here...it's AWFUL!  anyone who thinks this is good pizza has NEVER had GOOD pizza!  i'm from ny, where the pizza is unbeatable, but this was the ABSOLUTE WORST pizza i've had in philly, or anywhere!  i seriously just want to throw most of it in the trash.  DON'T DO  IT!  JUST DON'T!I ordered a burger and fries, it was horrible. The burger was overcrowded with mayo and ketchup!!!! And thats not what i asked for the fries are undercooked just overall badOrdered a large cheese pizza from here a couple of nights ago and was very disappointed. This pizza is glorified middle school pizza, on the same level as a Hot N' Ready from Little Caesars. It was very clear that they use a premade, frozen crust--not frozen dough mind you--but an actual fully baked frozen crust. If you're drunk and desperate, then sure, this pizza would probably fulfill your needs. But there is no reason why someone should make a conscious decision to eat this food when you can walk the extra 3 minutes to Zesto and get a fresh, quality pizza for the same price.Good food and fast delivery. I recently got diagnosed with celiac disease and have had a hard time finding a place where my non gluten free friends and I can both order from. One of the best gluten free pizzas I have had.Good cheese steak and the chicken parm is awesome. Service is kinda slow, though. Seating area is very small, seems like mostly a takeout spot.I've lived in Philly for 16 years, West Philly for 14 of those, and I have to say the Philly pizza scene (at least those that deliver in my neighborhood) leaves much to be desired. Until now. Run, don't walk, or call up delivery on Grubhub (but be nice and tip in cash) to New Style Pizzeria. You won't regret it. Haven't tried anything else on the menu, but when the pizza is this good why do you need anything else?!! They've nailed the cheese/ sauce/ oregano ratio just right!! The gluten-free pizza is the best around (I have a gluten sensitivity and haven't experienced any issues, but if you have Celiac, do your extra research before ordering).Not sure why this place has such great reviews on Door Dash cause ordering with these *ssholes has been a complete crap storm! Placed two separate orders, both over $40, with tip for Dasher just to never get our food! We call the restaurant to see what's going on and the person who answers the phone interrupts me MULTIPLE times and when I tell them to stop interrupting me, they tell me to be quiet and to have Door Dash deal with it! Really?! I am just calling to see if my order is ready so I can get it myself. Never ordering from this place again. Learn how to speak to your PAYING CUSTOMERS! They claim that they don't "confirm orders." Bullsh*t! I work in a restaurant that uses Door Dash for deliveries and you HAVE to confirm the order. That's why our food never got picked up, that's why we had no info from the app. You all are not cut out for new technology, I guess! Or customer service! Get it together. Complete garbage. And to whoever I spoke with on the phone, scr*w you! Don't ever talk to me or any woman like that again, sexist misogynist PR*CK!!!Update to my previous 2 reviews.  Again. I would give them 6 stars across the board if I could.  I thought for sure the standards would drop if I ordered from them again.  I thought lets try what most places get wrong. A bacon cheeseburger.  Usually places like Accu Pizza.  They are bland, dry and cooked to fuck.    Not This Place.    
I was a bit surprised when I bit into the bacon cheeseburger.  It was juicy, it was hot, had flavor and cooked freaking perfectly.   The wings I ordered again because  well they are the best wings in the area but also, I wondered if the consistency was there.   It is.  Wow.   
Secret Tip for all other places.  Consistency in your food will grow your following.  Not the size of your restaurant or the number of million things on your overpriced menu(accu pizza)  
The staff here are friendly and always nice when you call.   My last order I ordered sausage penne pasta with alfredo.  When I called to tell them just how delicious the meal was, they informed me they don't even have hot sausage (I asked for it in the comments)  BUT  they made it spicy for me anyways.  
 The food is fresh and freaking amazing.  I can't stop raving about this place.Great Pizza; loved the crust. Would definitely recommend to anyone in the area who loves pizza!Ordered a Stromboli tonight and it was delicious. Will have to order again from here.Local pizza shop is open during covid for takeout! I was really craving some pizza but wanted something slightly classier than your everyday chain, so I came here for a meat lovers pizza. Overall, you can definitely tell the quality is a bit higher than the larger chains and the flavor is significantly better also. I'd say it was a bit too oily for my preference, but the crust had a great texture. Overall it was okay, I might return but don't expect it to be the best pizza you ever had. It's a good switch up if you're tired of papa John's.UPDATE: Would give 6 stars if I could!  
 So I decided to order from them again the next day.  I wanted to see how great their pizza was.   They got my order 10000% spot on. (Unlike Accu Pizza - yup went there)  I also ordered  pene pasta and Alfredo and asked for spicy sausage - again Order - SPOT ON correct   
If you want REAL Italian food. Order from there.  Forget all the places up by 50th (accu pizza and the others)   New Style Pizzaria is hands down my new go to place.     The pasta is cooked perfectly!   Soft roll to go with it.  The pizza is  the best pizza I have had in a while. Come to think of it, pasta too!   
Old Review *
If you want REAL traditional hot wings. Go Here! Forget all the other restaurants in University City area that claim they have 'traditional wings"  I have tried them all.  
Hands down when I say these are finger licking perfectly good - they are!   The hot sauce is actually HOT and  the wings are a decent size.  The cost is cheaper than the other places and are better! 
I've ordered twice so far in the last 5 days.   Freaking delicious!  This is my new Go To place! 
ALSO  management is VERY friendly which is rare around here.Outstanding!! We had pizza and garlic sticks and they were absolutely delicious! Takeout was right on time and hot. Highly recommend for an affordable treat.I absolutely love the pizza here. The garlic sticks are really delicious. The vegetable stromboli is also good too. The cheesesteak gets the job done but I've had better ones from other places as well. Overall, I've haven't had anything from this place that I didn't like. The place is very clean and I would recommend this pizza for anyone in this area.This place makes slightly thicker pizzas, mainly because they make the best bread ever. Also, make sure you ask for their rolls they're amazing.Good phone answering and delivery service, but the Buffalo chicken cheesesteak had barbecue sauce and NOT Buffalo style suace.  Ate it but will order my buffalo items elsewhere in future. Also some
Me u confusion has occurred. Once I called and ordered  tuna wraps w bacon. I was told bacon comes with it automatically and no need to specify. Then the wraps came w no bacon and I called and was told bacon no longer comes standard and one needs to specify.  HMMMM!Best pizza I've had here in West Philadelphia! Chris was dope. He was very generous with the fries and the service was on point. I dined in with some coworkers and the environment was inviting and all the employees seemed sweet. Two thumbs up in my book!This pizza is really good. I love to order pies from here. They are really nice and the store is always clean. I would also recommend the vegetable StromboliThis is my go to place. I probably go every weekend to treat myself to a gluten free pizza. It is truly the best pizza i've ever had in philadelphia, and I have celiac disease and have been gluten free for a long long time.The pizza here is pretty good but the main reason I come here is for the delicious chicken wings. The value is incredible, you can get 16 wings for $13, and they taste great. They're not the scrawny little wings you get at Wingstop but are full-size wings similar to the ones at Buffalo wild wings. This is a no-frills kind of place that's made for delivery and pick up but they have a decent sized seating area if you want to sit and eat and watch some sports. The guys here are super friendly and they take good care of their customers.All the food is amazing and affordable. My family and I love this place. Pizza, stromboli's,onion rings,buffalo wings I can go on and on. New style has the best customer service and quick delivery.Very very very good pizza !! Definitely recommend if you're craving some good cheesesteak pizzaFast, cheap, and delicious pizza! I got a small pepperoni for takeout which lasted 2 meals (and I am not a light eater). The order was ready in 15 minutes flat, and the pizza was piping hot! Great crust, pizza wasn't thin + soggy (a pet peeve), and the flavors were just really working. Almost as delicious heated up the next morning. Will definitely come back when I'm craving some solid pizza in the future.Went here for lunch not expecting much. Fast and attentive service heralded a meal that far exceeded my expectations. A slice of pepperoni pizza and another with olives, spinach, mushrooms. Yumm! I believe the menu includes wings. Reasonably priced. Too bad I didn't return with my daughter for dinner. Instead we went to Smokey Joe's which was a huge disappointment. Just a curious side note: As I was ordering I noticed a picture of the Madonna and the baby Jesus. It was similar to other pictures I have seen in many Greek restaurants. "That's funny", I thought. Why in an Italian restaurant? So I asked if it was Greek or Italian. "Oh it's Greek. My parents are Greek", came the response. 
Moral of the story: Nobody can beat the Greeks at preparing good food.This place is like a tiny speck of pizza heaven disguised as every other rip off this side of university city. I came around lunch and ran into a bunch of business hogs on their lunch break. Took a chance and discovered one of the most delicious slices I have ever had in probably my whole existence. So thick and juicy. Wait though it comes out hot.I ordered a vegetarian stromboli and let me put this in perspective for you: I literally called my parents to be like "They may have La Cucina (the go-to family-owned Italian restaurant in my hometown) beat" The crust was perfectly crunchy and it was stuffed with toppings. It even came with some garlic sauce to top it all off and the stromboli itself was a generous size.
I also ordered a Caesar Salad that was yummy and generously portioned.
Delicious food, decent prices, and generous portions; you can't beat that.I got the mega fries and a chicken parmesan grinder. The mega fries came with mostly cheese whiz, which meant there wasn't really much mozzarella on them, arguably the best part of mega fries in general. It was also a pretty small order.
For the chicken parm, the meat was very chewy and stringy, the sauce was extremely sweet and there wasn't much cheese on it at all. The chicken wasn't really what you'd expect at all, and I wouldn't reorder that. From the looks of it, they are quite stingy with the cheese on most of their dishes and the quality of the meat, or maybe just the preparation, isn't great either.Super yummy pizza! Also their customer service rocks I ordered a small pizza Vs a large and they had no problem changing my order even as it was through GrubHub! Super chill.