Great burgers and zillion flavors milkshakes. Menu expansive w/all kinds of old school items.
breakfast, lunch and open till midnight.
Onion rings, fries, steak filet on burger roll, cheeseburgers, breakfast and...
Prices are inexpensive.
Can't go wrong.
Plenty of parking and the waitstaff is fine.
MILKSHAKES are super(100+) flavors.
You'll like the place for eating in booth or counter... Juke box.It's pretty good for when your craving a burger and fries. Their smothered fries are really good, and their burgers are adequately thick and flavorful. The first bites of the burger is a grand blessing to my cravings.
Only thing that bothers me is that near the end of the meal, the burger starts to taste bland with an oily texture and the flavorful fries becomes too overpower. But this is to be expected with the greasy food as my tastebuds warn me of my arteries clogging up.Every once in a while you go against your better instincts.  I walked into NF and there was a line to order take out.  Maybe  (I thought) this is a good greasy spoon, Wrong!.  The best thing about Niffty Fifty's is the name.  Great name!  Nothing we got as a take out order was very good.  Food was greasy and tasteless, but the worst of all and most disappointing were the ice cream based treats.  This place looks like an old fashion ice cream and hamburger joint and should excel at making ice cream treats and good quality burgers.  Maybe we hit a bad night, but we got neither.I was pretty upset about the breakfast I had this morning. The place was packed and I am usually understanding that busy places have slower service. Yet it took a long time before seeing our server and ordered our drinks and food at the same time. Then I later see her squeezing orange juice after she forgot one of our side orders. Sadly, she couldn't hear us very well because we were seated right next to the hectic kitchen. 
Once we got our food, it was mediocre. I ordered a breakfast sandwich with scrapple and they cut the piece in half! Yet my friend ordered a side and received a whole piece. The bagel was generic, and although the sandwich was tasty enough, I would prefer a more local, divey diner to this establishment. 
Don't even get me started on the joke that was the bathroom either. I couldn't believe it. The a/c dripped in me while I was peeing. Ew. 
Tl;dr?
Go to a diner for breakfast. Go here for a milkshake. That's about it.I grew up coming here & this is the perfect place to indulge in. They have so many milkshake options to choose from. My favorite is Mint Oreo. As a kid, I loved the variety of sodas they offered, I was in heaven. 
There is usually a wait but it goes by fast and it's fun to see the workers names and drawings on their hats. There is also a window where you can see them cutting fresh potatoes for their fries. I love this, because fresh always tastes better! 
The have a decent menu, hot dogs, burgers, chicken nuggets, chicken tenders, fries, onion rings, salads & they also serve breakfast until 11 am I believe. They are open until midnight which is nice if you want a midnight snack. They are very reasonable! They also have take out if you are in a hurry. 
The milkshakes are huge and it's more than enough to share with someone. I feel the same way about the fries, otherwise you will be taking food home. 
If you have never been here, it is a great experience for anyone.Ordered the  oreo peanut butter  milkshake it was absolutely delicious and thick. the Phillies cheese stake sandwich was nice but I've had better... 
Great service!The wait wasn't terrible, but there was definitely a wait! Took us about 20 mins to get seated but it was uphill from there. 
Our waitress was quick and friendly. The Snickers milkshake is a must!!!! They serve you a frosted glass and the entire container which is atleast 2 full servings. I got partially full off of half of the milkshake before they served the food.
The Bacon Cheeseburger is a banger. The Smothered Crabmeat fries were good also, but a little salty. The Onion rings needed salt bad, they were the disappointment of the evening BUT the milkshake more then made up for it. 
This was my.first, but certainly not my last because the milkshake list is fairly extensive. I'd be surprised if you don't manage to find atleast one you like.Always like this place. I grew up in the. NE Area and always went to this place for comfort food. Great place for a pregnant cravings lol.I absolutely love this place. They never
Disappoint when your looking for a juicy cheeseburger, fries smothered with lots of wiz or any milkshake you can dream of!! It def hits the spot. My fav milkshake is the death by chocolate. The one thing I wouldn't get here is a cheesesteak. There is so many better places for that in Philly.Best milkshakes in the world and every flavor you can think of. Great for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Oreo milkshake is a great go toStopped at this place because we saw the Yelp reviews and we were spending the evening in a hotel across the street. I'm a nostalgia junkie so I really wanted to try it out & I am happy to say it was great. I think we ate our weight in naughty food and shakes, but it was freaking awesome! The line to get in was pretty long but moved quickly. We were willing to sit at the counter so we didn't have to wait as long as those waiting for a booth.
This is themed in white, red & black like a Johnny Rocket's but it's so much better. The emphasis is on the shakes and the sodas, as well as the food. You can get just about any flavor you can imagine. I had a death by chocolate shake (almost achieved), my date had a chocolate malt shake and my other friend had butter pecan.
I had a steak filet with cheese. They call it filet mignon but hey, it's just a steak. Price is good, though. We ordered cheese fries and I was so full I couldn't eat them. My guy had a bacon swiss burger. I'm sorry I didn't take more pictures since it's a fun little place, but boy was it incredibly busy! We could see everything going on because we were at the counter.
One extremely miserable excuse for a human being bitched out one of the young waitresses in front of us, and was just so totally out of line. My date called the manager over and told him that the customer was wrong, his employee did the right thing, and that she showed amazing customer service considering the woman's attitude. The wait staff and the line cooks were all working incredibly hard. It looked like back-breaking work, with tons of take-out orders coming in as well as the orders for seated customers.
I could only finish half my shake and still had a sugar rush. I can't handle that much and should have stayed away, but I regret nothing, haha!
So....we get up the next day and what do we decide to do? We go back for breakfast.
I had a cheesesteak omelet (yum) served with home fries (you can choose with or without onions), coffee (surprisingly good, most diner coffee sucks), and toast. My date had eggs with cheese and scrapple. He'd never had scrapple before, liked it, but said he prefers sausage.
They made some great-looking desserts, they have the Sirius 50s on 5 channel on at all times, and the place is fun. The noise last night was off the charts loud, but this morning was a bit quieter due to the elderly nature of the late breakfast crowd. Check out the menu and enjoy. I wish I had the money to open one up here, the place is a goldmine.Fast, cheap, very fattening, and delicious. 
Fries and shakes are amazing!
It's a cute atmosphere and a classic Philly location.  I prefer the one on Grant to the one in Bensalem though.This place is a Northeast Philadelphia staple. From going here after grade school dances to stopping in for breakfast on senior skip day, Nifty Fifties holds a special place in my heart. However, it's definitely gone downhill over the years, but I guess so has the Northeast. I really cannot tell if it just seemed nicer when I was younger or if it actually was. 
Anyway, I stopped in the other day with my girlfriend for some fries and a milkshake. Our waitress, I think her name was Darby, was really nice and quick with everything we asked for. The food was decent but the crowd was a little rough.I swear it!! Everytime I go there, even the cook in the back says "hi." Everyone who works here is friendly, or at the very least is a good actor. Shout out to Dave who must've worked here a gazillion years and hasn't lost his sizzle yet. 
You gotta try the Pistol Pete's spicy cheese fries. They're the best. Onion rings are good too, and huge! My husband always gets them and I'm alwayz sneakin them off his plate when he isn't looking. It's a carb paradise. You MUST also try either a milkshake (like Oreo Cheesecake) or a custom made soda ( a million different flavors-  you can even combine flavors..) All in all, whether its a party of 2 or 12, itz alwayz a blast!Came here with a friend who ordered a milk shake. I wanted just a scoop of ice cream because I wasn't very hungry. They said they I couldn't have a scoop of ice cream and I have to order a sundae which has three scoops. What kind of ice cream place won't serve you ice cream? 
I didn't order anything while my friend had his milk shake. They could have had some money for their scoop of ice creamNifty fifty's is the ultimate family and friends joint built on a "burger, fries and a shake." Like Friendly's, this was a place I visited as a child and was impressed by the yummy milkshakes. This was the first time in maaanny years I made a special trip to come to summon up some fond memories. Upon arriving, I noticed that parking area was tighter than I remembered. I had to carefully maneuver around the parking lot to safely park. Nevertheless, I squeezed in a spot. Entering the restaurant, I saw people waiting in like for take-out, lots of busyness in the kitchen, orders being taken, and families sitting in laughing and enjoying their time (possibly creating memories of their own). While this may seem romanticized, I wasn't completely thrilled because an overcrowded restaurant to me, translates chaos, wrong orders filled, and careless preparation. This was not completely the case here, but there was few minor incidences.
I wanted to indulge and treat myself, so I ordered a double bacon cheeseburger, french fries and a strawberry cheesecake milkshake--extra thick. All came to $15+change. My order was correct and I think the highlight was the bacon cheeseburger . It was fresh-tasting; had a very good grilled taste; cheese was melted well; and it had a good bun. Surprisingly, the milkshake was not good at all. It was just ice cream with a big piece of gram cracker. No semblance of a milkshake. I know I asked for extra thick but it was literally just ice cream that I could not slurp with a straw. When I go to chick fil a and tell them I want extra thick, they get it just right! 
Glad I made the long trip there for dinner, and while it was a good visit, I will return only for a cheese burger, if or when I am in the area.The food was really good. I had a caramel cheesecake milkshake, my boyfriend had a baby Ruth milkshake and our friend had a caramel apple milkshake. They were all delicious except in the caramel apple shake he asked for Reese's to be added, they were not. I had a grilled buffalo chicken salad which was delicious. My boyfriend had a filet minion burger with wiz. And our friend got a bacon burger. We ordered an appetizer of buffalo chicken cheese fries with ranch instead of bleu  cheese. They didn't put any cheese on the filet minion burger and the fries had bleu cheese. Everything else was great, and they did rectify the fry situation when we were finished our meals. Will try again, just know, the milkshakes are $6.Honestly I've never had a bad meal here. Just great comfort food, plain and simple. If you ever go here, you must try the milkshakes. They offer a lot of different flavors, so they always have something for everyone.
I've also done take out from time to time, and that has also been a good experience. If you have never been here, you need to try this place out.This is not the place to go if you want a serene atmosphere and a high quality meal -- however, if you want really tasty (albeit overpriced) milkshakes, this is a great spot.The burgers are delicious and the Oreo milkshake is to die for. The restaurant is clean and have a comfortable vibe. I like the old school theme, the waiters is nice, but  sometimes it is crowdedTerrible service ..waitress too busy talking to other employees to even offer coffee to the 2 of 4 people inside, ,we waited and waited finally walked out without ever being acknowledged. ..this  once fave breakfast place is now off my list..never fifty !Worst milkshake ever. Can't comment on taste as I can not get any up the straw. I bought it 15 minuets ago. 
Are you kidding me!Service is terrible but the shakes made to order heavenly. Added marshmallow to a chocolate shake and I'm still smilingThis restart is pretty good. I ordered the smothered Cher steak fries. They knocked me off my feet. They're amazing. I'd even go as far as to say this dish is heaven sent. I've had the burger, and just plain chew steak before from them, but they were waaaayyyyyy too greasy. They chicken sandwiches seem to be less greasy, and way tastier. Milkshake was super yummy, best quality milkshake in town to be honest. I enjoy dining here.Awesome!! I haven't been here in almost 18 years and it's just as I remember. The food is simple, but good, fresh everything. 
Burgers and fries, tasty, inexpensive and very fresh, onion rings made in house, as is the lemonade and oj!! It's a 50's style restaurant and while I wasn't around during the 50's it's exactly as I imagined the era to be!! My wife really enjoyed the experience and the fluffernutter milkshake!
The staff everywhere was having fun and was very friendly and quick with the service. This is a must try for anyone of any age!!Came her for milkshakes! Left satisfied...we paid about 11 bucks at the takeout window for 2 milkshakes..Great flavor.. Wife had peanut butter something and i had oreo cookie... Will come back for food soon!I wrote a review for the Nifty Fifty's in Bensalem, which you can check out.  That location is just a better overall restaurant.  Grant Ave. is just dirty and smells bad.
Our counter girl was nice and helpful, but she was preparing salad dressings in plastic ramekins very sloppily, and then not washing her hands to come assist me with the order of milkshakes.  
I don't think she made them, but they were quite good.Best milkshakes and value burgers around, but the street road location is much better.  It is less crowded and offers better service.We actually dined here two mornings in a row, mainly because it was conveniently located near our lodging.
Nifty Fifty's looks like... a fifties diner and probably not as "nifty" as it once may have looked. Lots of black and white checkered decor and motif throughout. 
We ordered a Fifties omelette (ham, cheese bell pepper) and French toast on day 1 and a steak and cheese omelette and chocolate chip pancakes on day 2. Both tasted fine. Service was fine. The syrup bottle was sticky as heck and that bugged me. Prices are very good. Less than 10 bucks for a hearty 3 egg omelette is a great deal. Their griddle food prices are average for the portion size though.As everyone in Philly knows they have the best milkshakes! (and they proudly display all plaques they have won that say so) I gave this particular one a 3 out of 5 because of the noise factor. 
All the food is great, perfect diner food for that late night summer outing when everything else is closing down. 
Down side to this one is the noise and crowd. If you go, expect it to be packed, expect to have to wait to be seated about 10-15 minutes at the least, expect to have a lot of noise of people talking/laughing/screaming over the 50's jukebox music. 
If you have a low tolerance for screaming kids but want the shake check out the one in Bensalem on Street Road. It is generally less crowded, it has an arcade, and a mini-golf course open in the summer! Fun for a casual high school lunch date - go play mini-golf and then get a shake. Good wholesome fun.
But back to this one on Grant RD, it is very good food wise (on the scale of diner food), but the crowding and noise make it hard to get seated and place your order since you have to scream at your high school age waitress over the awful din. 
Also note that they only accept cash as payment, but have an ATM in the front of every location for your convenience.Not only does Nifty Fifty's have the best french fries I have eaten in my life and milkshakes that are out of this world, it is a great place to go, especially with friends!  As an active member of drama club while I was in High School, it became a tradition for us theater nerds (I say that lovingly!) to go to Nifty Fifty's after the Friday night performance of every play we did, and the fact that we came with our stage makeup still on had the waitstaff assuming we had come from doing a play, but also wondering where we were from and why even the guys had makeup on!  A friend of mine had to spray paint his hair gray for one of the plays we did, so that evening at Nifty's, the waitress thought he bore a passing resemblance to Taylor Hicks.  How hilarious!
It does take a while for the food to come out but every time I have been there, the service was great and it is apparent that the waitstaff works very hard to make the experience memorable for their customers.I was taken here by an overenthusiast of this place. We had the onion rings, which were super yum! And milkshakes...MUST HAVE ONE! 
I had the spinach chicken cheesesteak, and wow, i could barely get through half of it, it was extremely filling. And their sodas are in a huge variety of flavors!Great place for a quick bite. Awesome chocolate egg cream.
I usually get the Caesar salad with a grilled crab cake. Eat and on my way! 
Good service, usually pretty quick.Eating at this place always takes me back to my childhood. My grandmother lives a stone's throw away (the Grant Ave location is THE ONLY location, as far as I'm concerned) and she always used to take us there when we were little, and I'd always order the same thing: golden fried chicken cutlet, black and white milkshake, and a basket of fries for the table to share. My brother still orders the double bacon cheeseburger. Yes, we eat here less often (this was the first time in a year or two), but that just makes the experience fonder and less waist-expanding when you do get around to it.
I'm almost 24 and the food still tastes exactly the same--which is something of a marvel in itself. Prices have gone up a bit, but the quality hasn't changed, and the service is just as fast. Everything is still freshly made and delicious. The chicken is still crispy as ever, the Cheez Wiz (gross I know, but it has its places--this is one of them) just as mouth-burningly drippy, the shakes just as thick and stomach-filling.
My kid brother and I went here just last night and the entire thing was a timewarp, right down to the shiny red vinyl seats. Although to me, the timewarp isn't necessarily the 50s--it's more the very early 90s.
Nifty Fiftys, I hope you never change.I love nifty fifty's.
Unfortunately, this particular restaurant on Grant avenue is filthy. Everytime I have eaten there, I've gotten food poisoning.The food is  good and shakes are pretty good....just make sure you don't use the ketchup it smelled spoiled :-( which caused me never to go back again!!! The waitresses are friendly...and the service was good!This place has the best filet mignon, ever. It was so succulent and juicy! I do admit, it does look a little grungy. But, don't let that keep you away from trying their oh so delicious food.Somebody once told me that milkshakes could be thick, decadent and full of blended Oreos. I humored him, while secretly doubting his sanity. A blended ice cream concoction full complete with freshly pureed cookies? Sounds like a Blizzard to me...and drinking a Blizzard through a straw just seemed silly.
He insisted that this was most definitely NOT a Blizzard...or a blend. It could indeed exist as a MILKSHAKE.
...but slurping the succulent smooth, with the occasional pseudo crunch of a slightly-too-large cookie from Nifty Fifty's, I didn't believe him.
...and now, "I'm a believer."
(Believe you me, this peanut butter Oreo milkshake is worth the drive...whether you're coming from the 'burbs, Philly, or NYC.)This place was great. Cheesesteak fries were delicious! And the shakes were the best I've ever had! They have like 50 different ones to choose from I ordered the Oreo cheesecake! I also got a double cheeseburger topped w 2 huge onion rings that was delicious also. My gf ordered the cheesesteak yummy. The waitress was very friendly! I would recommend this if your a burger shake and fry person.Some people love Nifty Fifty's, especially for the ice cream.  But my sister is a chocolate addict and the fact she hates their milkshakes says a lot.  They have a ton of flavors, both for Shakes and for Soda... but I haven't been impressed by any of them.  I've gone at least three or four times over the years and nothing ever seems that great.
Lately I"m trying to cut back on the soda, but I love it, and love a real Cherry coke with grenadine more than anything.  But as fake as soda is... whatever Nifty does to flavor their's just makes it taste even faker to me.  That makes no sense but it just comes off extremely artificial tasting.  And as for the chocolate shake, my sister can tell immediately when it's really chocolate ice or just vanilla that they mix chocolate flavoring into.  Nifty's failed that test.The only time I would come here is for the breakfast. Big portions. You know how diner food is. Wouldn't come here any other time tho. Food is smothered in grease and oil. And the veggies are not fresh at all. I took my burger home once and it had mold on it after a day of being in the fridge. No fresh ingredients and scared to come here. I'd rather stay healthyWent here during a Sunday afternoon. It has a retro 70s theme despite being called Nifty Fifties. Immediately you can smell the scent of fried food and cheese. I ordered the crab meat cheese fries which were just okay, nothing to write home about. I also ordered a chicken breast sandwich which a bit bland in flavor and mostly tasted of the oil it was cooked in. The spicy fries I ordered were just a bit soggy. The strawberry milkshake was the only highlight. It was very good and I would recommend it to anyone. This establishment is best known for their shakes and burgers...I can definitely vouch for the shakes. The waitress service was just ok alas so. She only stopped at my table once throughout the whole sit. Everyone was friendly nonetheless but I would only come back here for the shake.The food is really unhealthy, small for the price, and not too tasty. The sodas are delicious and the milkshakes are very heavy (two or more people could share one unless you want to be very stuffed!)Used to go there a lot and it was a great date spot, but on my most recent visit found they had really let the place go.  Dirty and dingy, I was kind of grossed out.  Too bad they let it go downhill.Great little burger joint! With shakes! Good price, great food. Confident wait staff and managers.simpe old-fashioned fifties food that is delicious. milkshakes are so good and in such large portions and large varieties. i have gone there for years-doesn't disappoint and def has a unique style. love their waffle fries.I went here thinking it would be the same as it was years ago, but i was wrong. First we ordered our drinks and they offered "nifty cola" aka some off brand gross wanna-be coke. I got the chicken fingers and buffalo sauce. It was also gross. Used the restroom, which was hands down the dirtiest, unsanitary restroom ive ever been in, bars included. I was so grossed out that i lost my appetite and left. Our waitress was friendly and did a great job, but shew, never againThis place is basically a faux 1950's soda joint, complete with waiters in paper hats, soda fountain, and 50's music on the jukebox.  It's bright, cheery, and I think this place is fun.  The food is super greasy and pretty much is guaranteed to give you a stomach ache later on (or at least make you add 5 pounds in one night), but the food isn't the attraction.  They've got great fountain sodas, particularly the chocolate coke.  I like their vanilla egg creams and root beer floats, but their main attraction is their milkshake.  They've got the best milkshakes in Philly.  Nifty's is a lot of fun, so grab a bunch of friends and go with an empty stomach (and maybe some Rolaids...).Terrible atmosphere and the food wasn't good. The bathrooms were dirty along with the restaurant itself, it smelled like feet when we walked out.Great junk food! Awesome burgers, cheese fries, onion rings, milkshakes, sodas! My boyfriend LOVES this place and wants to go there every day :-p4 stars for food- missing one for the service its hit or miss, but if you want exception service, be sure to ask for Dave. The food is comfort food and the milkshakes are delish but after eating it makes me feel like I need to run a marathon around the Northeast Phila Airport...which may not be the worst thing. I recommend coming here for some good ole comfort food!I really enjoyed the fifties atmosphere. made me think I wasn't happy days. I had an ice cream float which I hadn't had in years and it was delightful. I ordered a fish sandwich and it was all that I had expected and more.Yum! The food was great!
A friend of mine told me that she has gone to Nifty Fifty's a hundred times with her kids and they love it.  Very family friendly environment!  The music was fun to listen to.  It was busy and a little noisy, and I think they could use some physical updates around the place ... but we got a booth and were very comfy and ready for a relaxing meal.
I loved that you could make a soda combination and I chose Strawberry and Passion Fruit ... it had real pieces of strawberry and the passion fruit was just a refreshing compliment!
I had a cheese burger, and it was juicy, tender, and with all my favorite toppings.  I also shared some cheese steak fries with my hunny, and I couldn't stop eating them!  Fries had a nice crunch but the inside nice and soft, and the melty cheese and steak on top was just awesome together.
Our waitress was very nice, had a good sense of humor, and was very happy to serve us.  I think that is just such a pleasant way to enjoy a meal when your server takes care of you and is on point with refills.
I was so full, I didn't have room for their famous milkshakes, but I would definitely go back because the orders I heard floating around me sounded delish, like oreo mudpie and strawberry cheesecake milkshakes.  (Oh, and I wanna try the their Texas Tommy dog.  It passed by looking ginormous and heart-attack good).
Thanks for a great American favorite meal, Nifty Fifty's!An amazing place for milk shakes and a hot dog!!!! This restaurant was part of my childhood and as an adult I still love going.The food at nifty fifties is usually awesome.   However don't expect any stellar service from this place and dont expect it to be very clean either.  I have  2 young ones and I would bring them here if it was clean.
Fries are great
Filet sandwich is great too
Love the milkshakesI love the throw back to fifties Bobby socket days! And the cord is pretty good. The fountain sodas are awesome!I took my daughter for her 14th birthday. I was underwhelmed, the place was dingy and crowded. We had to stand in line and wait to be seated. When we were finally seated tour table was still dirty and sticky from the previous diners. 
The waitress was nice, but seemed overwhelmed and was actually sweating from running around so much.  She cleaned our table and ordered our food. I think we ordered extra food because between standing in line and our neighboring diners, I got a contact high from the weed stench. (I can't blame the restaurant for that, I know they have no control over that.)They do have control over the table of 8 young highschoolers that were TOTALLY OBNOXIOUS AND LOUD...intentionally breaking dishes and throwing food as the staff laughed and engaged their nonsense!
The food is the reason this place received any stars at all, every thing from the burgers to the cheesy onion rings and fries were delicious. My wife and daughter had the milkshakes and said they were stellar. this place needs a good cleaning and the staff needs to be upgraded and retrained on how to work  at a hectic pace but still maintain a level of control professionalism.Niftys was and probably still is overrated. I guess after hearing how super awesome it is from everyone, it's just like when someone overrates a movie.
But IMO, Niftys is awesome for what it is. A dive. A diner. And that's all you should take it as. It should probably be featured on Food Network's DDD, but only if they actually make some of the shiz from scratch.
The Royal Burger with bacon - can't really go wrong here. Juicy burger + bacon + freshly fried onion ring with fried onion, ketchup, pickles, tomato, lettuce (all your choice of free toppings) = yumm. I'm never disappointed. 
Milkshakes - a bit pricey, but they are good. No better than other places I've gone to though. But I will pay for them milkshakes for the 2 months around fal that they have the seasonal PUMPKIN MILKSHAKES. Worth it.
Soda pop - my bf is from the area, so the server Dave knows him. He mixes him up whatever, and they always turn out awesome. Makes us feel welcome, and like we're back in the 70s or something.
Love Niftys for what it is. Nothing less, nothing moreAte in once and that's it. Very greasy booths and table tops! I only ate the food once but I come often for the milkshakes that I always get to go. Huge selection of milkshakes and they are so good. Call ahead of time because there's always a huge line just for takeoutThe waffles and ice cream, the cotton candy milkshakes, the spicy chicken nuggets and of course the spicy cheese fries are all equally amazing and incredibly delicious! I absolutely love going here every so often and love bringing my daughter along as well. Very energetic atmosphere and it is always a fun time designing a new paper hat to go home with.This is a feel good place. It's where you can just lay back and get greasy with your food and pig out. You instantly feel the fun upon arriving. The diner is decked out with 50's themes. I always imagine I'm in a back to the future movie whenever I'm here. Food wise, expect delicious comfort flavors. I recommend everything on that menu, I'm sure the menu itself was designed on the concept of having all the items work with each other. How can you go wrong? Juicy cheese burgers with fries and a shake or hot dogs with chilli and cheese fries and mint soda? You see? How do you go wrong with these combinations? The shakes here are really the draw though. The options are endless. You have anything from traditional shakes like vanilla and chocolate to Irish potato and black cherry cheesecake shakes. The only complaint I may have is how greasy the onion rings are. For a place known for cheesy fries and fat burgers, that's saying a lot. Some of the shakes are also over sweetened but that doesn't take away from all the options they offer. Prepare yourself for a good time every time you're here.Been here several times with the family.  The place can get crowded but once seated you're in for a treat.  The milk shakes and sodas can be mixed and match in any combination.  It's up to you on the combo so be careful....some things go very well, while others sound good but...
Food is standard fair.  Make sure you check to see if fries and such are included with any of the specials.  When a Coney Island dog or a Polish Sausage with Kraut are on the specials board, they are the special and in two cases of ours, did not include fries or chips, etc.
We like the place and will be back.Couldn't get past the line at the door.  While I stood there for 30 minutes,  I watched food just sit in the window,  "so no one was eating at the tables I'm waiting for along with 20 other people ", YOU NEED NEW WAITRESSES! It was downright disgusting how long the food just sat there, it should have been thrown away!Throwback with a vengeance! 
It's doesn't look like much from the outside but inside it's got all the charm of yesteryear. There's ample parking outside and a great joint to hit up for dessert or just because.
Walking in, there was a bit of a line but that was ok since it gave us a chance to review the expansive menu options. We went with the cookies and cream milkshake - figuring it'll be a crowd pleaser for all. One shake is more than enough for two and we ended up taking half of it for later since we didn't finish while sitting there. 
I liked the vibe - 50s style diner from the booths to servers, everything echos a bit of nostalgia without overdoing it. 
Hoping to come back for more menu explorations and maybe actually finish a shake in one sitting =)!Food is okay- I avoid anything with meat because Everytime I do I end up getting majorly sick from it. I like the fries, lemonade, and the milkshakes, especially the smothered buffalo fries. The good part is knowing that everything is homemade, you walk in and you can see someone doing hand cut French fries which is a major plus! Interior is like nice, however it always feels like the table and chairs is sticky.Love This Place Its Always Busy Tho. Its Hard To Even Get A Pickup Order. But I Love Their Burgers And Fries.This place is not clean I've got a stomach virus from eating here many time but I keep going back ??I've been going here since I was alittle kid. Their food is great and so is their milkshakes. Their prices got even higher though in the past few years. Just for cheese fries, a double burger and a milkshake it was almost $20. I prefer going to the one in Bensalem because it is bigger. The prices won't stop me though, I love their food.Ugh. I went here for my birthday with some friends and it was HORRIBLE. They didn't bring out our food for literally an hour. And our waitress kept walking buy. Finally when we asked, she said that the cooks must have lost our food ticket. Now, I am a waitress. If you see your table sitting there for a long time. You ask about their food in the kitchen. You do NOT let the food not get taken out for an HOUR until the customer has to ask you where it is. And then they brought me out ice cream in a mug for my birthday and wouldn't even let me keep the mug!Burgers overcooked and milkshakes are just ok.Been going to Nifty Fifty's for years and years.  Love it here!  Yes it's loud and service can be slow but the food is decent and we always have a good time.  They have every flavor milkshake you can imagine and their Pistol Pete's spicy nuggets are great.This place seems to be going downhill. I've been going here my whole life. Last time I was there the server took forever to get my drinks and my food came out cold like it was sitting. The fries weren't too good either. Not sure if there's a new cook or what but the place def needs some new employees.Always fresh and filling meals from burgers to cheesesteaks to hotdogs and fries. It's all good. The various smothered fries and the onion rings are a personal fave as well as their custom fountain drinks. If you haven't tried a shake here yet, it's a must. The options have something for everyone. The downside is many times its full, especially on the weekends and it can be hard to find fast seating, especially for groups. Overall though, a great place and a staple in the NortheastHands down the most fresh and delicous food i have tasted. Every single thing on the menu is mouth watering.
The milkshakes cannot be matched. They have so many damn flavers to choose from that it took me longer to decide on the milkshake than the food. Bonus: you can mix flavors.
The service was fast and the wait for food was not long at all. The waiters were friendly and was very cheerful.
Bottom line awsome spot!!I grew up not far from this place. I hadn't been here for years. I must say that I found the place to be way better then I recall growing up!
We arrived to a small line. The line seemed longer then it really was because the wait space is cluttered with quarter collection, lottery ticket,and crane machines! No one was using any of those and it made the line seem a lot longer because of the limited space.
The place was packed. Bussers and servers were turning and cleaning tables as quickly as possible. I was so hungry! I was excited when we finally got our table. I recalled the burgers being small so I ordered the double Leo. My friend and I split a large cheese fries. It was a big order and they were fantastic! Best fries. My burger was seasoned perfectly. I would have preferred it a little more well done but I didn't ask for it that way do I take the blame. Cheese slice was think and creamy. 
I had been so hot from the heat and the waitress picked up on that and brought lots of refills quickly. I really wanted a milkshake but I was so full and being diabetic it made sense to skip it. So many options..I mean if you are healthy go for one! I used to live cherry cheesecake! 
This place is small but run well. It's nostalgic for me because I remember when it opened when I was in hs. It's clean, fair priced, and the service is great! Those that love a 50's gimmick will really love it but for me the fries and memories will always bring me back.5 stars hands down! This is my first review on Yelp but definitely not my first visit to Nifty Fifty's. This is our go-to burger joint. After reading some reviews today I felt compelled to share my love. I'll start with the shake; by far the best around. Served super thick (don't ask for it extra thick, there's no need)with the extra served in the silver mixer cup. Just had the Death by Chocolate with Peanut Butter tonight and it was delish! However, I am a huge fan of the Cookies and Cream :) But I'm sure no matter what shake you get you won't be disappointed. And with over 100 choices you'll be sure to find one you like.
The Burgers; we have only had the Royal( double pattie)with Bacon. The burger patties are hand pressed and seared not grilled, topped with amazing homemade onion rings and bacon on a delicately toasted bun. The fries; handout and fried to perfection, need I say more. I also HIGHLY recommend the Chicken Fingers (not nuggets), they are the best around. They are hand breaded and not frozen.
I love the atmosphere, laid back and casual. The staff is always friendly and attentive. Take out is enjoyed just as much as eating in but, sometimes it's just too busy cause it's that good.From what I've heard, I was expecting an amazing burger and food that wowed me. What I got was a really good milkshake but weird onion rings. The milkshake was good  but it's certainly not worth the gas to drive to a Nifty Fifty's. I don't need to go back.Its been a good while since i last had Nifty Fifty's, there was a short decline post sentencing back in 2013, which made me walk away with fond memories of Nifty's at peak. Suffice to say its been a few years, and I'm happy to say things have sorted themselves out- on a bit of whim and whimsy i decided to give it a try after a few years feeling nostalgic.
Me and my usual dining bud dropped into the place around 10:30 and remained for roughly an hour- half an hour past closing. I opted to grab a Chili Texas Tommy, Smothered Steak Fries, a Triple Bacon Cheeseburger, and 6 piece nugget. My cohort a regular Texas Tommy, Cheese fries, and a Regular Bacon Cheeseburger. For drinks i kept things minimal trying the new Pineapple Cheesecake that hadn't been an option since i last came, and a black and white (Which was pretty good)
Service was a little bit on the slow side considering it wasn't that packed- so was the uptake on refills for the drinks. The food also took a bit longer than i'd have liked to prepare, but it wasn't overly slow. After the wait /most/ of the food came out fantastic, if a bit sloppy (Looking at you chili Texas Tommy), but that just means its loaded up with even more of the good stuff.
The burgers were well cooked and served open face so we could apply our own condiments if desired, I opted out of them to enjoy the cacophony of meat cheese and bacon in all of its glory. The bacon was good-  crisp, but not charred. The burgers came out fairly juicy, but the cheese was a bit on the lighter side, still tasted great though. If i didn't know better id say is coming off a block of sharp cheddar being cut per burger based on the size and shape of the cheese.
The loaded fries were larger than i remembered, decent portions of steak, and absolutely cloaked in a bed of sharp cheddar- which tasted fantastic. Fries were decently crisp considering the amount of Whiz on them, yes, whiz, with a Z, the way cheese fries are meant to be.
Texas Tommy's were nice and plump, bacon wrapped directly around the dog and cooked to perfection, loaded with so much chili & whiz that i probably should have been eating it with a fork. (Spoiler alert, i didn't, a full tree probably died so i could gently wipe up whiz from my lips after each bite.)
The chicken nuggets were a real letdown, and not because they tasted bad- that'd be hard to accomplish. I know they're breaded and fried in house, and the meat quality is solid- if tradition hasn't changed at least, but boy were they left in the fryer too long. Came out extra crispy, so crispy in fact- if i hadn't noticed and been careful- if i had instead, tried to eat them with reckless abandon we'd have to add an additional 2 X's to "extra" equation from what it'd have done to my teeth. Still enjoyed them but i had to be really careful about how i ate them.
Drinks were fantastic, as usual with plain green, didn't taste much in the way of cheesecake with my Pineapple Cheesecake, but that's okay, the pineapple was delicious- half tempted to just order a cheesecake soda the next time just to see what it is supposed to taste like, black and white was reminiscent of an egg cream- and fantastic as well.
All in all i enjoyed the experience, and i'm proud of the franchise for hanging in there and recovering the way it has. With most of my fears from the state of things in 2013, i'll definitely be back sometime soon.
Flavor & Presentation 4/5   |   Service & Speed 2.75/5   |   Price & Proportion  4.5/5
Overall 4/5Great food, large portions from the 50's. Milk shakes are the best. My friends and I  come from upstate NY to eat here. The buffalo chicken sandwich  is the best.I need to start by saying that some Yelpers are overly critical and needy. This is a 1950's, old-school diner. Some of the reviews just aren't on par with the type of restaurant this is. 
That being said, my partner and I are foodies. We typically spend between $100 to $150 when we go out to eat. And guess what - Nifty's is still on my top three restaurants. I seriously am obsessed with this place. I always get the same thing - double cheesburger, black and white milkshake with malt, and cheese fries. Everytime I go in, I see other things I want to try but always end up getting the same thing.
I've been here 5 times and it is literally mouthwatering. Best burgers and milkshakes I have ever had. We are going this weekend for mini-golf and burgers at the Jersey location. I'm pumped.