This place has great food, the prices are very reasonable, the staff and the owner are kind and friendly and the ambiance is non-pretentious, comfortable and yet very cool. We will definitely go back.This place is awesome! So unique - so old school in that the owner/chef is on hand to greet and make sure he meets every guest! The food is French with a touch of the Caribbean. My wife and I Love escargot and his is amazing.  BYOB and more than affordable - you will feel like you got more than you paid for and that is rare in this day and age. 
Can't say enough nice hints about this place. Def with a visit!!Great food and cool atmosphere. The main reason why this place lost points was the unusually long wait for our table despite having a reservation for just 2 people. We were escorted to a little patio in the back to wait where there were at least 3 other parties waiting and we were seated just over an hour past our reservation time, and barely had wine for our dinner since we had over half the bottle. To me that seems odd, if you make a reservation it should be accommodated relatively close to the time. The owner was very friendly/personable. But I don't think the food, over an HOUR delay between our arrival and being seated with a reservation, and also overall slow/inconsistent service once we sat down made up for the experience.Came here on a Wednesday during a snow storm and the place couldn't be cozier! Small restaurant with about 6-8 tables, BYOB. The pre-fix dinner was delicious, even though slightly limited, the options were plentiful. The chef and owner was on-site and we were welcomed with open arms. He took the time to introduce himself to us, provided some background on himself and the restaurant and the influences-always important. It was a delightful experience along with homemade desserts. Then ambiance is very nice and not loud-perfect for intimate dates and dining. Absolutely recommend this place....a total hidden gem!We absolutely loved our meal here, the menu was really well thought out and the flavors were out of this world. We're going to make this our neighborhood spot! So glad you're here!My compliments to the chef! The decor is cool, and the food is on point. What more needs to be said?You know how in some restaurants you just always have fun? That is that place. The food was tasty--French with Caribbean and North African influences-- the service was superb, the price was reasonable ( three courses for two people for $60) and the other guests ranged from about 23 to about 65, in groups and couples, several races, and at least one trans person who seemed to be having a good time. This is a real French restaurant, so bring a bottle of wine and expect to spend a couple incredibly enjoyable hours. Vive Chez Novaks!New and fresh spot. They have some minor things to smooth out as they get up and running on service. The food is excellent and you should definitely come here. Also very reasonable prices, do it.Great to see this spot open up on Girard Avenue. It's a nice addition to Brewerytown and very affordable. Chef Mark was very accommodating, we called in the afternoon to get a 6pm reservation for four, he was extremely helpful and welcoming. We opted for the prix fixe menu, 20 dollars a person for an appetizer and entree. The food was extremely flavorful and unique. It's less french cuisine and more upscale french-Caribbean food. 
The prices are great, its BYOB, and parking is easy to find. We will definitely be back to try more parts of the menu. You should definitely check this place out before it gets extremely popular (and crowded)!What a wonderful experience!! I called to make a reservation and the owner himself answered!! He mentioned they had a charity event but told us he would squeeze us in early. He talked to me about his background and explained how much he appreciated the locals. The menu is easy but don't let it fool you. The food was impeccable; Good vibes and you feel as if you are a part of the restaurant. Kasey our waitress was super chill and sharp. Free cork fee and she offered to put our drinks in refrigeration regardless of how busy this restaurant was.  All in all,  my group
of six had a wonderful time and a great meal.
Thank you chez Novak for making us feel
So welcomed!This place opened recently and is a nice addition to a changing West Girard Avenue.  BYOB. The owner is very friendly and welcoming.   
It's a small place and the seating can be a little tight.  It's a good value (prix fixe before 8pm) and it's obvious the crowd was all in place well before 8. To take advantage of the prix fixe. We had to wait a while to get a table.  
The owner seems to be the only wait staff, aside from a young guy who picked up plates.  Consequently, it took about 10-15 minutes to get a cork screw at the outset for our bottle.  Bread never came out in advance, though we got some with our appetizer.  My app was not bad, a pate with melted cheese, but a little bland.  My friend got snails and they were good.  One suggeation would be to change the bread purveyor.  The bread was soft and doughy, not a classic French baguette with a crisp thin crust. 
The entrees were good.  I got prawns with a delicious curry sauce with rice.  My friend got a duck leg.  
Overall, I think it's a great addition to this neighborhood, but the owner needs to seriously consider getting more staff.  It's just too much for the owner to be greeting, seating, taking orders and bringing out all the courses for all the tables. Im sure he realizes this, but it obviously held up service to everyone.We were planning on having dinner with friends Friday and they suggested a relatively new byob spot on West Girard Avenue in Philly. We have always been comfortable with their dining suggestions. When the mentioned that the restaurant was French based and that the prefix menu which includes an appetizer and entree for $25 what could go wrong?  NOTHING!
The restaurant is small, maybe 8-10 tables and is decorated in almost a 60's vibe. The music was eclectic and went from 60's rock, to jazz to soul. The sound level was perfect. 
Now the food!  We were a party of four and came with a magnum of champagne so we were obviously planning a fun night. The menu is relatively small which is a great idea for such a small place looking to produce high quality food. In fact there were four appetizers and four entrees on the menu. PERFECT, we were a table of four. We ordered every appetizer and every entree and asked for four extra plates to share everything. 
While the portions are not huge all were delicious. I mean really delicious. We thought we couldn't be happier but then  Chef/owner Mark, who had been incredibly hospitable, energetic and just plain fun  joined us for desert and a cocktail. Great guy, great chef, great owner. Besides the food his presence just makes the place special. 
I almost didn't want to write such a positive review since the place is so small and I actually worry that it might make getting reservations more difficult but I felt I really want Mark and his restaurant to be wildly successful. 
Mark made our dinner at his restaurant feel like he was entertaining us in his home. It made me realize that a small, intimate simple restaurant may just be the best kind to visit. 
Chef Mark is in the picture with us, photo 125Fantastic food at a fair price with a bunch of flair.   
Chef Mark prepares a flurry of flavorful French dishes while also drawing inspiration from Creole cuisine.  Everything on the menu is packed with interesting combinations of tastes that do well not to overpower your palate but rather compliment each other very nicely.  
If you're lucky Mark and the manager, Remy, will spend some time chatting with you about your experience; a nice little touch that shows how much they care.
Grab a bottle at the wine and spirits or a growler of beer from Crime and Punishment up the street and prepare yourself for a relaxing bistro experience that will impress even the most traveled foodies.Damn that was good! The food was amazing, and the atmosphere...can't top it! The owner has an incredible, contagious energy that brings people together.The food was alright but my god can the portion be smaller. You definitely need an appetizer to fill up. Would be a good idea to get prix fixe. The two shrimps had different texture for some reason. Also don't door on those bar stools. They're designed specifically to be uncomfortable.Great addition to Girard ave/ BreweryTown! Delicious food, great balance of flavors. Grilled Avocado was surprisingly flavorful & hearty. Vegan option of the duck was fabulous! Sweet little bistro BYOB, really nice owner and small staff. I would easily go back here!Reservation for  4 on Friday night. Prix Fixe menu was honored even though we were seated far past the 7:30 reservation.  Small place , seats about  25-30. The food was very good, and well presented.  Lots of North African, French , and Caribbean flavors. Shrimp perfectly cooked with a savory coconut based sauce. Snails!, lamb sausage. Stuffed avocado, slow roasted duck , A chicken fillet with a transformed taste and texture by hours of preparation as told to us by the owner/chef who was a charming host. Go there before the menu prices rise and Mr. Evans gets to busy to meet and greet all his customers! Street parking was available and Girard Street has lots of  places to have a pre dinner drink with friends.I currently live in Atlanta area but grew up in Philly. This last Christmas season we flew to Philly to see kids and have some of that good Philly food I missed. My daughter suggested Chez Novaks the night we came in. Never heard of it (been away 2 years) but said "Sure Lets go" . Turned out to be the best decision of my trip. The food was fantastic. But its not just the food that I enjoyed, it was the feeling you have when you go there. Mark the owner made me feel like I was the most important person that night. He went through the menu and recommended food that I thought "No way I will like that". Boy was I wrong everything was delicious and appealing. Chez Novaks makes you feel that each meal was especially made for just you and would recommend to all people in Philly.I will start off with the great food!..a wonderful mix of French and Caribbean (that  was my take anyway)...amazing sauces throughout the meal. Very fresh and delicious! The staff was so warm..and once I realized the background of the chef (because he appeared, and hung out to talk food/people and neighborhoods) His experience is first rate and real...Please go! Support this most lovely addition to the wonderful resurrection  of Girard Ave...Gina The Pet NannyGreat new adventure in Brewerytown making the neighborhood even more attractive.  The food was in one word amazing - everything was spot on from the service, to the stuffed avocado, to the grilled prawns, and finally the braised duck. A must visit for all in Brewerytown.  Chef Mark was great and extremely hospitable.  Kudos Novak's!Magical evening!  Superb food, fresh ingredients, vibrant herbal infusions, inventive menu, and a welcoming atmosphere that is unmatched in this city.  This was our first visit (it won't be our last!) and I cannot recommend highly enough.  All this with an astoundingly reasonable prix fixe menu and BYO policy.  I would personally recommend the grilled avocado appetizer and the [jumbo] prawn entree.  Others at the table raved about the imported escargot, the vegetarian terrine, the pate de la maison.  Gorgeous desserts are made on the premises and somehow taste even better than they look.  My favorite was the creme brûlée, but our party of four sampled each one and cleaned the plates.  Service was impeccable - don't know how they managed with such a busy Saturday night crowd - but everyone was clearly enjoying themselves.  What a warm and happy vibe.  Water bottle on the table was constantly refilled and the wonderful server and Chef Mark himself made sure that each course was meeting our expectations.  You have to experience to understand how very fun, fabulous and remarkable this gem of a restaurant really is!This place is incredible. Cozy, little restaurant that just opened on Girard. Great addition to the already great restaurant scene in the area. The food, with strong French influences, is the best I have had North of Vine street in Philadelphia so far. The service was excellent as well, with the owner/head chef Mark coming out multiple times to check on us. Cherry on top is that it is BYOB so you can have a 5 star meal for two under $50. It doesn't get much better than Novaks. The atmosphere wasn't my favorite as the seats were a little uncomfortable but appreciate the effort that was put in to transform the space. Hoping that the menu rotates so I can keep coming back on a regular basis. Keep up the great work!!Best restaurant in Brewerytown! Make sure you stop by Chez Novaks for dinner. This place somehow combines an intimate and laid back setting. It's a great place for a romantic dinner, or just a place to hang out with friends after work. The service is great and the owner and chef will come out and speak to you during your meal. It's a very unique dining experience that you should try first hand. 
As for the food, delicious. We started with the roasted pear and grilled avocado appetizers, and both combined extremely bold flavors. For the main course, I had the duck leg and thigh while my wife has the prawns. The duck was extremely tender and delicious, and the prawns are the size of your hand! We finished with the chocolate lave cake, and we were ready to relax on the couch after that. 
Make sure you stop in before 7pm for a prix fixe menu for $20. That's an appetizer and entree for just $20!Great French and African cuisine in the heart of Brewerytown. A real find on Girard Av. dishes are French original with added twist. Service is superb and the decor adds to the charmChez Novak was a lot of fun, great date place. French new wave and jazz, funky decor, and inspired food. Roasted pear appetizer and prawn with coconut curry, grilled avocado with Merguez sausage, can't go wrong. Chef Marc paid a jovial visit to the table and made sure we were happy, we were. Highly recommendedAlways happy to see new businesses opening up on Girard Ave, especially restaurants!! We stopped in really not knowing what to expect, but we were blown away. The staff were all so kind and accommodating. We had a number of dishes and each was great! Escargot might scare you, but you have to try it!! It's BYOB so bring a bottle of wine and take your time sipping it in the backyard! Looking forward to another meal there soon.What a wonderful addition to Brewerytown! My husband has been dying to try it and we decided to go last minute on a Wed. On Wed, they have a deal for $20 including an appetizer and an entrée. I think this is a great way to try the menu. 
The menu is small but had a really great variety of options. My husband and I have vastly different palates/preferences than each other and it was nice there were dishes of interest to us. 
I ordered the stuffed avocado app and for dinner, had the coconut curry shrimp over rice. The avocado app consisted of two halves stuffed with a spread. The complementary crusty, warm bread was the perfect accent. Initially, I wasn't sure how I felt about the app, but by the time I started the 2nd avocado, I was totally head over heels. So delicious. 
My entrée had the perfect amount of food, two jumbo shrimp with a large scoop of rice over the coconut curry sauce. I mixed it all up and it was delicious. It was a little spicy, but very tolerable to me. Darn, I wish I hadn't eaten all of the bread before this dish came out! 
At the end of the meal, I had a Turkish coffee. It was delicious and a great way to end the meal. 
The chef came out to say hello and he was so nice. He told us that on Friday nights, at the end of the night, they put on good music and have fun. 
Our server was sweet, too. 
Overall, it was a great experience!I love this place! The owner is amazing and so personable and makes sure he touches each table.What a night! Bottom line: this place is wonderful and different in the best kind of way! 
I came straight from the train station for dinner after finding this place on Yelp on the ride up from DC. It's small, the decor looks like a fun vintage store, and Chef Mark and Fatima are incredibly welcoming. As soon as I walked in, I felt at home and knew it was going to be a great night.
Chef Mark treats customers like old friends. He comes in Thu-Sun down from NY to run the place and is full of stories and joie de vivre. The menu is a great deal, $25 prefix with a few things done well. The apple tarte was probably my favorite, gooey and caramelly and happy on a plate. 
I hear Fridays and Saturdays can sometimes end in dance parties, so I will have to go back the next time I'm in Philly! Highly recommend.Mark, my dear friend I finally came up to Philly and visit your fine restaurant. Frankie and I enjoyed it so much. 
Happy to meet Fatima an amazing host!
If I start talking about the menu and attentions, a lot more space to type will be required. But must say the Duck and Escargot was on point! Oh btw BYO which I love to have that option.
Love everything about this place now can't imagine the patio in the summer time.  Can't wait.When we arrived at 5:50, the door was locked. The hostess opened the door and sat us at a window table. The retro chairs were cold and I wasn't impressed with the plastic wine glasses. But my son, who made the reservations,said the reviews for the food were good so I thought I would give the place a chance. Well the owner, chef is friendly and the food was truly amazing   It is not something I could or would prepare at my home which is always a plus. We had a variety of the items on the menu and all were delicious. I'm not a very adventurous diner but was impressed with how well the chef combined different ingredients in unusual ways   I would definitely recommendFood was mediocre. We got the mushroom dip as the appetizer, the bread was so hard and the dip was not runny enough. I had the duck leg for dinner, it's a dump down version of Parc's duck. My bf got the shrimp, it was excellent but the size was so small. Overall, everything just felt cheap, cheap decorations, plastic ware, etc.Charming BYOB. Jovial Chez and owner prepares excellent French meals. Price fix only $25 for two courses.What a gem up on Girard Ave in Brewerytown! The service is top-notch and the food is tasty. Try booking a later reservation on Friday or Saturday and stick around for the disco dance party that's bound to break out once dinner service is over! You won't want to miss it!The most amazing vegan meal I've ever had. The confit had the most incredible flavor and texture that I've ever had from a meat substitute. My boyfriend (who is not vegan) said it was better than the duck confit. The chef delivered to to me by hand and told me he always wins the Miami Vegan Dish Award and I see why. Even if you're not vegan this restaurant is incredible in terms of service, authenticity, and quality. Clearly one of the best restaurants in Philly.I'm looking forward to my next visit!  Food was delicious and host made it feel so welcoming!  Thank you!Great French food at a reasonable price. Went there with my wife and daughter for our 50th Anniversary. The owner came out to greet us and congratulate us. He was very personable and kind. The food was excellent. Will be going there again. It is a pre fixe menu which makes is easier to decide what to have. Very good and, knowing French snobbery, a very affordable place to enjoy.Great ambiance. Great service especially when you consider that it's a 2 man show! You know how hard it is to do front of house and back of house at the same time? And do it right! This place deserves every 5 star review. Oh, yeah...btw, the food is great.This is a little gem in Berwerytown. Delicious food at a reasonable price, with impeccable hospitality from Chef Mark. Prix fixe menu and bonus that it is a BYOB.  You can have a very special and fun night here for a very reasonable price!So I ended up at Chez NOVAKS unexpectedly on an uneventful Friday evening with a group of friends. A couple in our group had stumbled upon the place the night prior and was so enamored by the place they had to come back for more. It's a tiny little place but that only added to it's charm. 
I went with the wild boar as my first course and the duck legs as my second. My dinner was great but my lady ordered the curry shrimp and it was clearly the star of the menu. 
After the meal Chef Mark spoke with us all truly making this a memorable experience. He even gave me some tips to improve my curry shrimp at home, so I can't wait to try it out! Looking forwarding to coming back for more!If your a lover fine cuisine this is a place that will excite your taste buds. The cuisine draws its roots from France but has slight Caribbean notes. The service is also great and you will love the owner (Mark). He will talk your ear off, but it makes you feel like family. Sorry I to not add any pictures, I was to busy eating to remember lol.The food, atmosphere, and service were excellent!  They were very accommodating for an end of the night large group of 8. The owner was very hospitable and a lot of fun to talk too!!! I am certain that we will be back often!!!Chef Marc Novak offers a very unique experience here- and the focus is entirely on good vibes and fantastic food. He's also very accommodating to dietary restrictions. The French-Caribbean blend is wonderful and it's a cozy friendly byob that's affordable for the quality you get.Chef made us a nice vegan dinner. Small place with a pre fixe menu. Very reasonable price. The roasted avocado was interesting, roasted pear was tasty. The vegan duck was good.Novaks isn't quite open yet but went to a soft opening this weekend. The owner Mark has great energy, is congenial and fun to talk to. He has a few other restaurants in New York and South Beach. Novak's will be a great dinner edition to Brewerytown as the space is fun, there is a nice outside area in the back and it sounds like the food menu will be delicious. Can't wait to try for dinner.By far the best meal I have ever had in Philadelphia. The escargot are fresh and wonderfully seasoned. The service was warm and prompt. The prices are outrageously low. We had appetizer and entree for $20 each! The owner, Mark Solomon, is a master chef, warm-hearted, and lively. He is not opposed to leaving the kitchen and laughing and sharing with the clientele. Mark has really turned a little spot into a well-lit, and inviting space including carving out substantial intimate seating areas with mid-century modern decor/lighting without it feeling crowded. Please treat yourself. You deserve this!Fantastic experience, food quality, ambiance and price. Cherry on top is getting to meet and experience Chef Mark's personality and hospitality - makes you feel at the same time at home and in a 5-star restaurant.Lovely place, fantastic food, the chef is a local and will likely come by and say hi before cooking your food!  The pre-fix menu is really solid.Yo this place is hella lit. Chef Mike brings the dope beats and dope grub with swag. Do yourself a favor and come here. Dope spotLoved NOVAKS my friends and I came on a random trip to philly and I found this restaurant for us to try. We had the PÂTÉ MAISON GRATINÉE and poule et jamaican  must try!!!! And Novak is the sweetest most down to earth chefThe feel of home comfort combined with just a touch of French and Cajun flare makes this place just right for a semi-casual dinner or date night. The portions are just right for the fixed price menu and offers an assortment of the chef's knowledge of his local flavors. It had the feel of a small European cafe and I would gladly recommend this place to anyone looking for something a bit different but still accessible.Chez Novak's is a cozy Brewerytown BYOB with way too low prices, delicious French/Carribean food, a neighborhood feel, eclectic decor and the nicest owner you will ever meet.
Nothing makes me happier in life that saying to the waiter: "We'll have the whole menu". With 3 other people, you, too can achieve this happiness, for the reasonable price of about $40 each (with tax and tip). The Prix Fixe is one of the best deals in the city for the quality of food- $25 for an appetizer and entree. I like that dessert is not included because I'm usually a "split a dessert between 4 people" person. The food was all delicious, but we really loved the shrimp (you're going to want to sop up all the sauce it comes in) and the mergez sausage entrees, and the meat pâté, escargot appetizer. We got the jerk chicken entree with seitan, which was very good. For dessert, we enjoyed the cocholate fondant cake and the mango mousse martini was very interesting (we were split on whether we liked that or not).
The place is small, so call ahead for reservations. Definitely recommend checking it out if you're in the neighborhood, or looking for something different. Their website says brunch is coming soon and we also heard rumors of a back patio and DJ after parties after dinner service ends, so will have to go back for that...A bit of a surprise find. BYO, low key, packed house, really great food and service! Cancelled a reservation at a more notable Philly restaurant to take a chance on a new neighborhood and a new spot we hadn't tried. Nothing but positive things to say.This was my first visit to chez Novaks.  This place has the best atmosphere l!  The Chef and staff are friendly!  Not to mention the food is spectacular!  This is one you don't want to miss!  Get some!I made an order through Yelp thinking I could
Depend on delivery and 15 Minutes after the delivery was supposed to be made I got a call
Saying that Grubhub who I did not order through, said the order was complete. Don't use grub hub, just go straight to the restaurant. The manager did his best to get me the delivery, when that didn't happen, he arranged with grub hub who I couldn't reach to return my payment and for that I am grateful.Great food and experience overall. Menu included dishes that I haven't seen at other Thai restaurants. The dishes we tried - Yum Gai, Sukothai - were great.I cannot express how much I enjoyed dining here last night. I remember reading the reviews prior to coming here and thinking to myself, "wow, these reviews seem really genuine and personal, especially with regard to the chef, Chef Mark..."
I was not let down a bit! Chef Mark greeted us with such warmth and made sure we were accommodated even though we didn't have a reservation. The ambiance is incredible here -- ONLY good vibes!! The music and the energy make you want to spend the entire evening there, to be honest. And the food was exquisite. It really feels like you're dining at Chef Mark's house or something. I had escargots (for the first time!) and the Cornish hen with sweet potato. Cooked & seasoned perfectly -- simple but a delight. I will definitely return for a good time!!Excellent food, very cheap prices. Very clean restaurant, and flexible choices that sometimes aren't on the menu.  I highly recommend it.Chez Novaks is an affordable, unique, price-fixe French dining experience that should not be missed by foodies and adventurists alike. Apparently, there's live music at night too!
Must get: soup (with fish), chicken, warm apple pie, tiramisu
Meh: duck and terrine, grilled avocado
Missed out: shrimp and fish
It is always a wonderous occasion when I hear about a hole-in-the-wall establishment run by a passionate owner with an emphasis on food and great service. While each table may be lit by a different lamp and the overall decor makes you contemplate on the global theme, the dishes are always constant and delicious. There's a price fixe ($25) for either app+main, or main+dessert. My personal recommendation is to order the former, and purchase desserts to save you a few dollars. During your dinner, you'll be greeted by the amicable Chef Evans, who clearly has a special place in all of the local favorites' hearts and guts. The menus may not change over time, but they are tried and true.
Of the meals, I personally loved the squash soup (definitely get the fish add-on for free), the spicy chicken and the lamb sausage. The plating overall is simple but elegant and the flavors marry well with glaze/sauces. The chicken is an absolutely must-get and the lamb sausage incredibly tender and juicy. I was not a fan of the grilled avocado or the terrine, as neither brought the same charm or appeal as the other favorites. Given the plate sizes are small/medium, I highly advocate getting the desserts, as they are made in house and worth shaving a few ounces from your wallet and into your gut.
Of note, there is ample street parking, which is free after 6pm.
Overall, this is a wonderful spot to bring a date or friends. It's BYOB and affordable. If you like a quiet, romantic date night, it may be challenging due to space confinement, but you'll have great time nevertheless.
Food: 5 stars
Service: 4-5 stars
Ambiance: 3-4 stars (can be loud)
Price: 5 starsI ordered Sukhotai noodle and Moo Ping via delivery. Moo Ping + sticky rice taste good but not enough for $16, like do you think we're in Manhattan? And Sukhotai noodle, which is a noodle + soup menu, tastes okay but they gave me the noodle in a PAPER BOX instead of a plastic box.Mark has done it again in Philly with chez Novaks restaurant. Excellent food, excellent atmosphere, and personal attention by none other than Mark. He makes you feel like family. So bring a bottle of wine and dine on fabulous food while enjoying a fun filled evening. The retro decor and outdoor lounge makes this a cool place to chill.This place is a gem! The food is delicious and chef Mark makes everyone feel at home.First time trying it, got the Tom Kha, Thai iced tea, and Love Boat. The love boat was delicious, beef tasted like it was cooked with 5 spice in a nice rich broth with rice noodles. Loved it. Thai iced teas were perfect. But... the Tom kha was inedible. It was by far the most sour Tom kha I've ever had, to the point it made my eyes water. Also it tasted like they used WAY too much fish sauce, it was super salty and the only aftertaste there is... we will try to eat it later with added unsalted broth or coconut milk. 
Still gave 4 stars because the inside was cute and clean, and everything else tasted really good so I'll definitely try them again in the futureCouldn't decide what to eat late last night and walked down here and it did not disappoint. The take out was perfected so it tasted just as good as it would in the restaurant. The flavor was amazing. Will be coming back this week.Its a tiny little place with food  bursting with flavor. We got the  tom yum soup, pork dumpling, khao sui and a noodle soup. Everything was delicious. Will definitely visit again.Go to Thai place in brewery town. The coconut soup is my wife's favorite. They may not have your typical Thai food like panang chicken but all their dishes we've tried are delicious. I would recommend trying it outThe duck tacos were pretty unremarkable, barely any meat and could really only taste the sauce and the flour tortilla. The khao soi was ok but I wouldn't order either of those dishes again. I like that the menu has different options than standard pad thai and would be open to trying more.Really good. A bit spicier than I anticipated and I only got level 2 spice. Dumplings were pretty basic tho but I would probably order again and try a less spicy dish.Impeccable Thai food - for the past 3 years I've been trying to find the best Thai restaurant in the city and this it is. 
I am a student studying away from home - born and raised in Thailand. I had nights where I needed to feel closer to home and this is the only restaurant I can count on. It encapsulates exactly what Thai food is balanced: sweet - sour - spicy.Absolutely delicious! I ordered steamed dumplings, Tom Yum Soup (Shrimp), Green Curry (Shrimp), and a Iced Thai Tea!! Got all of it within 20 minutes hot and ready to eat! Fair warning, the spice level is REAL! I ordered my curry medium spice and it was very very spice for someone who's easing her way into spicier foods. So if you're sensitive to spice definitely go on the mild side, or if you're really into spice go for the spicy! The only cons are I only got like 4 pieces of shrimp in my curry, but honestly it would've been fine with absolutely no protein with how flavorful and yummy it was! And personally like the taste of the tea overpowering the coconut mild in a Thai tea and it was a bit more on the milkier side, but still overall a must try place!There is nothing more disappointing than a bad service. My boyfriend and are Thai food lovers and as new home owners of the neighborhood, we decided to try Nine based on the reviews. But the terrible customer service was quite shocking. We made an order for pick up and as soon as we're opening the bags, we realized that one item was missing which we immediately called the restaurant for a refund or workout what was best. The owner asked to bring the food back (but of course we couldn't because the item wasn't there and also -What??) as we are explaining the situation, again we're missing one dish, the owner kept insisting on bringing the order back, refusing to refund us for the item that we DID NOT received, and quite insulting us over the phone. We couldn't believe what was happening and definitely ruined the experience of ever going back.Excellent! We went there last night for the first time and we will be back. Great addition to the neighborhood. Food was delicious and the ingredients were fresh. Very reasonably priced plus it's a byob. If you're thinking of trying this place you should!!Great spot! Delicious food, cute ambiance, and most importantly, Tui, who runs the place is fantastic! Ended up having the best time. Support this local, authentic business. Great menu and it's all cooked by a real Thai person. Oh and I almost forgot: It's BYOB (no fee!) which I love.delicious, DELICIOUS authentic Thai food!! great customer service!!  A very comfy and sweet environment and experience :)I got the tum soup and dumplings.  Tum soup overly salty and the dumplings were tiny. Christmas day I  went at the last hour until closing I called first to inform them I'm on my way for pickup and as I neared nine I saw the guy walking from nine and it turned out he was the cook leaving to pickup beer I know because I was waiting outside nine cause the door was locked and he returned to nine restaurant with a six pack from the beer store Girard Ave couple of blocks down from nine. P.s. he and I  were the only two there and I asked him did he wash his hands when he returned  from getting beer before he started making my food.and I have a hutch  he didn't. But he did apologize for having me wait outside.Nice to see a new Thai place on Girard. Food was aromatic. They had no vegan/vegetarian options and basically substituted a plain block of slimy tofu for meat. Very disappointingNINE offers delicious Thai street food and fun, friendly service. Truly a neighborhood spot. Our expectations were exceeded each time we went and tried something new - though our favorites are now Khao Soi and Rama Jae (vegetarian). I'm so happy to have this spot in the neighborhood, I highly recommend you try them out! We've also ordered pick-up!Got take out from here during the time of Covid. Great food and probably one of the better Thai food experiences I've had in Philly. 
Ordering online was simple and we quickly got a confirmation text and email about when the order would be ready. Picking it up was easy and people were wearing masks and everything. Food was nicely packaged. We got the grilled beef with the tamarind sauce as an appetizer which was actually our favorite. Very light and refreshing and the sauce was unique and delicious. Had street noodles #1 for first entree which was delicious with a good helping of chicken. Finally had the green curry with Tofu. Veggies were delicious but the consistency of the tofu was a bit too mushy for the curry. Large helpings of food overall, lots for leftovers. One thing to note was that we asked for 1 spice level on everything and things were surprisingly hot. Not sure if it was because they didn't see it or because things are just crazy spicy. 1 was perfect for us, a very good kick of spice but didn't overwhelm the other flavors in the dish. 
Excellent food and things like the grilled beef with tamarind sauce were unique that I haven't found in other thai restaurants. Definitely give them a try!Fun little Thai restaurant with a limited menu of street food. Friendly service that is BYOB. There's a wine and spirits shop that is a couple blocks away if you forget to bring some with you. There were a couple items on the menu that were vegan and the server knew how to make it work for me.Food is sooo flavorful! Owner and staff couldn't be more welcoming! You can feel their zest for life through the seasonings and selections! I can't wait to return. Matter of fact, I'm gonna go make another RSVP now!