My partner and I love nom nom! They're inexpensive, quick, and attentive. Soup is consistantly delicious and always hot. The pork belly spicy miso is my favorite. Their decor is also really cool. Just be aware, cash only!Yes!  Finally a ramen-centric place in Philly!  This place is pretty new and seems to have some growing pains, but I see a lot of potential.  They're short on staff, which may result in some overlooked order add-ons or a little bit of a wait, but don't let that distract you from a yummy and cheap bowl of noodles.
While the ramen choices are limited (salt, miso, spicy, and soy sauce), they do come in small and large sizes.  This is great, since I would never be able to finish a large bowl by myself, so having a cheaper and smaller option is great.  You get one less piece of pork belly, but it costs about $1.5 less.  Both the spicy ramen I ordered and soy sauce that my man ordered were pretty good.  The noodles were cooked well and the pork belly was surprisingly tender for how lean it was (diet pork belly, yes!).  My major criticism (and this is a real issue) is that it was a little too shallow on the broth.  I didn't notice either to be too salty, but I like my food over-seasoned.  I also added an egg to my ramen.  The cooks forgot it initially, but brought it out after we alerted them.  The egg was cooked perfectly (medium-boiled), but it did cost about $1.5 extra, so I'm not sure if it's worth it (could order the large for the same total price).
We also ordered the pork buns, and they seem to use the same pork as in the ramen.  It's lean for pork belly, but again, cooked nice and tender.  They give you two slabs of it per pork bun, so it literally splits the bun open.  It's a bit messy, but I'm not complaining, the more pork the better.  My only complaint is the addition of cucumber slices to the buns.  Maybe I'm biased toward the cucumber-less ways at other eateries, but I do feel that the cucumber gives an overpowering (and not particularly pleasant) taste and texture to the bun.  It interrupted the enjoyment of the pork and doesn't add any additional crunch - which the lettuce supplies.  I took the cucumber out of my last few bites and enjoyed the meaty sweet pork bun much more. 
I think this place definitely deserves a try and it shouldn't be judged by NYC or West Coast standards. At least not in its inaugural season.  It fills a definite void in Philly and for now, it's my ramen lifeline.I USED to adore this location.  I was happy to know they were recently remodeling and excited to head back to see the changes. Once entering the tiny locale I was surprised that they had moved to a table service type of spot.  Which is fine - but my whole meal seemed rushed, the staff stressed, and the ramen bland.  I left there extreme disappointed. I will not be returning.For the price and quality, I would rather make shin ramen at home.  I ordered the karai miso with a soft boiled egg.  The broth was lacking in flavor and depth and the bamboo shoots tasted rotten.  The only part of the ramen I enjoyed was the egg.  Ended up with a stomach ache afterwards.  Definitely not coming back to Nom Nom.Luke warm ramen and could eggs won't come again
The service was nice the restaurant was also nice . The food tasted okay but again my eggs where cold and the soup broth diddnt even warm the eggs.Came in for lunch on a Friday and got a table immediately.  Our service was good, especially since we weren't very needy customers.  I ordered the Pork Belly Miso, which was served with a few different types of veggies, lots of noodles and soup, and 2 large pieces of pork belly.  Overall, the flavor was decent, but all I kept thinking was pho is so much better.  My co-worker had the Spicy Miso, which I did not try.  She enjoyed it, but could only finish half of the broth because it was too spicy for her, so buyer beware!  
I would probably go back because I love soup, but the prices were kind of high for soup, especially when you're looking at $10-$14, and pho costs $6-8 for much larger portions (btw, not complaining about the portion size at all, it's just that my favorite pho places usually give enough for two meals).Cash Only
No table service. 
Walk right up to the blackboard by the counter to read the menu and proceed to order at the counter. 
Find your own table (which could be a bit hard during lunch time)
Boiled egg not included in Ramen. It's an add on.
Good location if you are in downtown/rittenhouse square area.
So the day before I went to Terakawa and was still impressed. Still in the mood for more yummy ramen but I didn't want to make my way out to Chinatown on a rainy day. We stayed at the hotel in Rittenhouse square area and this Nom Nom Ramen is super close and walkable even in the rain so we gave it a try.
We went around 1.30 pm and the restaurant still has some of the lunch crowds but we were able to grab small table for two right after ordering. 
I was a bit awkward at the order counter since I did not read the board thoroughly and felt a bit rush by the lady who took our order. When I asked some questions it wasn't a very pleasant conversation as if i'm bothersome. So service is definitely NOT a 4 stars here. But I'm here for food and willing to set that issue aside. 
The sad part of feeling rush was that I forgot to add on their "supposed to be" awesome egg :( Well, I wouldn't know if it's awesome or not. 
We had Miso and Spicy Ramen. 
I think all broth are Tonkotsu base, the broth are really good in my opinion. Right amount of thickness, great flavor. 
Both the miso and the spicy turned out pretty well. 
The ramen noodle is well cooked with good texture. 
The spicy is pretty well spiced for my taste. Maybe a bit much for some, the man sat next to our table had to stop to wipe his sweat quite a few times before continuing on his spicy journey. I think I even heard him whisper to himself, "Ooh Spicaay!" :D
We also ordered pork bun. It's just ok. The one I tried at Terakawa the day before was much much better. This one, the meat was a bit on the dry side. 
All in all, avoid lunch hours if you could. Don't bother about the service (maybe they are nicer when not busy hours) focus on the ramen and the broth and you will be fine. Food is good here. 
And... Try the egg for me, will you?I don't know why this place has such lousy reviews. I consider myself a ramen fiend and I've sampled ramen from Washington, D.C. to San Francisco, and I always love coming back to Nom Nom. This place was one of the first places I ever tried ramen and it will always be near and dear to my heart. They recently converted from ordering at the counter to table service, which I think is a pleasant change. Their pork buns are on point and more than once they've brought me an extra (free) portion because of how voraciously we devoured them. I generally order their pork ramen, but I've also had the miso and I think both are great options. The seasoned eggs that they prepare are so so good!! I also love their pork belly and often order extra. You can order a large portion for a few dollars extra- do it. It's great to bring some home for leftovers. I love how springy their noodles are and their bamboo doesn't taste canned like many ramen joints. Their prices are a little too high considering the ambiance is pretty low-key, but I will always come back here when I'm in the city.The pork belly buns are so tender and moist! And the service is great! Loved it all and will be frequenting it there a lot in the future! Also, not too crowded for lunchI can't get enough of the pork buns, so tasty and I feel like I could eat 6 of them but that wouldn't leave me any room for the yummy Shio Tonlotsu. I will return to have more buns and different ramen during my next trip to Philly.Went here last week with my parents because we're a ramen-loving family. Despite the nod from Philadelphia magazine, I was pretty disappointed with Nom Nom Ramen. The presentation of our ramen was not as bad as some people are describing it; our included toppings were not as muddle as some of these pictures are making it out to be. The pork belly and scallions come on a separate plate. The taste overall was ok too, flavorful - a little on the salty end though. The ramen noodles itself was a little tough for my liking. The menu is small so there's not really much options which is why we were so disappointed when TWO if the items on their ~7 item menu were unavailable. They have these crab-related side dish and they said that wouldn't be ready for an hour because the crab needed to thaw (it was 1pm ... they open at 11 or 11:30) & then they have this spiced pepper medley dish that they were out of peppers. So my mom who doesn't considered a meal well-rounded without some green had to settle for the spicy edamame (spice comes on the side for you to sprinkle as you desire). The cashier was really nice and accommodating though and you could see she felt bad that nothing we wanted to order was available. As a cash only place she kept having to give our money back upon finding out they didn't have it. So yes, 2-stars because i have definitely experienced better (Hello, Aji-san ramen!). I look forward to trying Hiro Ramen House instead. My roommates say they prefer it as well. Although I really wish these ramen places weren't all cash-only. Definitely a turn-off.This is the first time I had ramen made from a restaurant and I'm not impressed. The pork belly was a bit dry but also overly fatty as well. I brought the spicy miso broth one and the taste is something I can make with instant ramen which is a major disappointment because I spent $17 on something I can make at home without much prior knowledge about it. Also the noodles weren't that great. It was stuck together which is what happen if you didn't drain it properly and left it on the bowl. It was hard trying to loosen the noodles so in the end I just took big bites.Have no idea how many times I have been here, but can say Nom Nom Ramen never disappoints!  I did however try something new this time. Tried there new salmon dish. It was amassing!  Will have it again. On top of the excellent food the staff is top notch!I'm sick and worked all day with no break. So by the time I was done, I needed some brothy food...this was on the walk back home. My friend raved about the place but she also never had real Japanese ramen before. Maybe my taste buds are used to the delicious, creamy broths of the west coast ramen restaurants but I thought this place was just ok. 
The staff was friendly and nice. They only offer the smaller regular size option for take-outs. And they only accept cash. I got the karai miso ramen. Unfortunately it wasn't as spicy as I would have liked. My old spot in CA used to have a heat level! I did like that the ramen came with a bunch of toppings vs. charging for each one. Although I added an egg for extra. I finished my ramen and am still hungry. I think this place is gonna be ok to get some warm brothy noodles on a cold day after work but I wouldn't make the effort to come here on my days off.This was exactly what I had hoped for from Ramen Boy, but it took another owner opening up shop 15 blocks away to reach this level of quality. Having said that the ramen here was satisfactory. As a basis of comparison for others who read this, my favorite ramen places are Hide-chan and Ichiran in Fukuoka and Bu-Tao in Hong Kong. Having said that, the ramen here is very okay with a decent miso broth and reasonable price.
Comments:
(1) The chashu was done well overall, but a little chewier than what I am used to. To each his/her own, but I guess I prefer more tenderness to my chashu. I had heard that the chashu was more tender when they first opened, but that they might have changed their approach in response to customer feedback. If workers there are reading then please disregard that criticism or (if possible) let your customer choose tenderness/chewiness of chashu. 
(2) Not really a major criticism, but they should allow customers to choose the texture/chewiness of their noodles as well. While my noodles came out more on the Al Dente side, I would have personally preferred something more thoroughly cooked.
(3) Now that I think about it, my prior comments are essentially asking that the customer get more input in the experience. I know this will confuse most customers, but if possible, I would recommend considering doing a "secret menu" or an ordering system with modifiers(a la Ichiran) for chashu quality, noodle texture, broth richness(i.e. fat content), spiciness, etc. 
There was a previous reviewer who suspected that ramen boy suffered from unrealistic expectations and I disagree with that hypothesis. I walked into both with fairly low expectations and I was extremely disappointed in the former. IMO, Nom nom hits the mark that ramen boy missed in a painful way. The only way I could see his hypothesis work out is if your basis of comparison isnt colored at all by other better ramen places. Without bias by previous ramen experience, it's conceivable that ramen boy might seem to be on equal footing to Nom nom, but Im not so fortunate and would prefer to hoof it over to Rittenhouse if I needed to get ramen.A giant bowl of Pork Belly Shio Tonkotsu Ramen after freezing my cojones off on a 2 block walk.  
Great Ramen is so scintillating and so hard to find.  The creamyness of the broth, the slurping of the noodles, the soft boiled egg with the lovely yolk and the totally different texture of the crunchy bamboo shoots finished with the gorgeous spice of Sriracha.  Its an extravaganza of flavors.  Im in bliss.Absolutely some of the best ramen I've had - it was pretty empty when I went at 6:45pm or so, but it deserves to be packed. The karai tonkotsu was delicious and the chashu pork was unreal tender. I'd definitely go again next time I find myself in Philly!I had their karai toro tongotsu??? Ramen, it was spicy and came with an egg cut in two halves, it also came with a plate with the tongotsu thing on the side with six slices. It tastes great and delicious,  and I would definitely recommend friends to come here.I just moved to Philly and this place is right down the street from where I work.  I got the Shio first which was good but maybe a little bland for my taste.  Then I tried the Miso and that was definitely much better.  The additional flavors and mushrooms added did the trick.  I'm getting over being sick and something hot and brothy was just what the doctor ordered.  I've never eaten in house but ordering from Yelp online was a snap, ready within 10 minutes and by the time I left my building and walked over it was waiting for me.  I do want to try eating there at some point, I have noticed that sometimes this place gets really busy for lunch so I would recommend coming earlier or later to avoid that if time is an issue for you.  Staff is very friendly and easy to deal with.  Basically I'm working my way down their menu and will try everything but really it's solid ramen in a convenient downtown location.Some good ramen. We showed up with 7 people a little before they had a large reservation. The place was nice enough to give the heads up and still accommodate us. Staff was super-friendly.
     I don't want it to sound bad, but it was a perfectly adequate bowl of ramen. I went with a shio/tonkotsu broth and instead of traditional cha sui, I got an option with the pork jowl. I have to say, the pork jowl was VERY good. The rest of my soup was good, I'd definitely return for more if I happened to be in the area, but I'm teetering on whether I'd make it a destination place.
     If you're having a ramen cravings and in walking distance, definitely give it a go!Not bad, but not amazing either.
The broth is flavorful, and the ramen noodles are chewy, but the pork slices were a bit too tough.  However, if you're looking for a hot and affordable meal-- sure stop by Nom Nom! (Bonus points for an awesome restaurant name!!)
If Nom Nom was in Little Tokyo or St Marks--I probably would not stop by...but in the realm of Philly ramen houses-- this place gets the job done.Came here twice mainly because it is close to work but I am not a big fan of it. The ramen is very salty no matter which one I tired...the service is so so. Nothing impressed me here so I might not go again.Decent place for ramen, dress appropriately not to be confused with an uber eats driver. Service was really attentive, felt like we were the only people on there despite it being moderately full. The food itself was just okay in my opinion. We both got spicy miso (vegetarian) and (pork). The vegetarian was apparently very spicy. Overall if you are craving ramen in Rittenhouse this place is a viable option.Being Asian and growing up in Asia, I'm huge on noodles so my expectations for a ramen shop tends to be pretty high (I've been to Japan a few times too). Overall this is a very decent ramen shop, hard to find fault and will definitely be my go-to place for ramen on a cold wintry day in Philly.
For lunch, I had the Karai ramen, and added a soft-boiled egg. I also had a soda and the whole thing came up to $11 (no tipping needed, it's a self-service place) - thumbs up for the price, that's for sure. Very impressed by the fact that they pulled off the soft-boiled egg - it's much more common to see this done properly in ramen shops in Asia than the US, and I liked the gooey egg yolk flowing out of my egg (I am a barbarian - which can be seen in other reviews).
Noodles and soup were good too - the karai soup base isn't that spicy, which was fine for me. I like my ramen noodles springy and while Nom Nom;s noodles were better than Tampopo University City, I could have used more springiness. Chashu (pork belly) was also tasty, but it didn't melt in your mouth (sorry, I have high standards). But overall I can't fault them - they really have got all the basics of making ramen down pat, just not enough to earn my 5th star. I'm definitely coming back though - make sure you get the egg if you want your authentic Japanese ramen!Idk what everyone is bitching about cause this place was awesome !!! Me and two other people all agreed it was excellent and everyone else is a liar. Get the spicy vegetarian ramen!!Had the fan fav tonkatsu ramen. It was ok. The soft egg was hard and the soup was like warm. The pork was super fatty which is to be expected. The soup could have used more flavor. I would try some place else and leave this place as a last resort.I was in Philly for a work conference and we found this gem. I ordered a vegetarian noodle soup. The tofu was delicious and I ordered extra Tofu on the side. We came back a second time. Great service and I will return if back in Philly.Nom Nom Ramen doesn't have a huge menu but it seems like there's something for everyone. I was in the mood for something spicy so I had the Karai Miso with an egg. I also shared the pork buns and soft shell crab buns. I thought the ramen was just ok, but really enjoyed the buns. They both had a delicious spicy sauce on them, and the soft shell crab was perfectly fried. I would go back for those. 
It was really crowded at lunch time, so arrive early to get a table.they didn't let me sit in a booth at 6.30pm when the place was empty! Miso was ok, albeit a bit saulty, would get ligthly salted version next time.Worst ramen ever. I didn't know what I was tasting. Compared to all the other ramen places in Philly this is probably the worst. The price was too high. The broth is really oily and the noodles were overcooked. A ramen that cost nearly $20 isn't worth it all. It also had no flavors! Really a disappointmentI got the Aka special for which they were doing a test-run. It was quite yummy. The price isn't too cheap but reasonable, especially in comparison to Ramen Bar in University City which is more expensive and not THAT much better. The menu is simple but adequate.I have not been here in so long...Things have changed..
I tried the chicken spicy ramen today and boy was it good. The broth was really good, it had a miso base and also a smokey taste. The chicken was very tender and flavorful. I asked the girl at the counter and she said the broth is made of pure chicken, so no maggi (chicken bullion) up in here! My friend got the spider buns.. which were amazing. I love the mango chipotle sauce that they make. Very good kick! Good Job Nom Nom. Oh btw if you are going- add the soft boil egg in your ramen. It's really good.This place servces Japanese fast food ramen, which is quite unique to find in Philly. The ramen is tasty but can be a bit oily and salty. Prices are a bit expensive, and the menu doesn't have many options to choose from. Overall, the food is good, but if you are watching your sodium/caloric intake and budget, you might want to go somewhere else.I love a simple menu. This place has 5 items on the menu; the pork buns and 4 types of Ramen(shio, shoyu, miso, karai miso) and there are add-ons, like an egg, or extra meat, etc so that you can customize type bowl. 
   I had the Karai with extra pork. It was spicy and provided the right amount of heat!  I enjoyed this large portion of ramen. Out of curiousity I tried the melon creamy soda, and I did not enjoy it's artificial taste. 
   The free charging station for my was a plus being that my phone had died. It was a good meal in the summer, so I can only imagine how great this place would be for a meal during the cold winter months!Went on March 31, 2012 with my wife. We ordered a Shoyu and Shio  ramen. Here're my thoughts:
1. Broth -- excellent. Full of flavor, very authentic, they've put a lot of work on it.
2. Noodles -- pretty good, I have nothing negative to say about it but I've had better.
3. Chashu -- very chewy, it should be melt-in-your-mouth soft, I think they need to braise it a lot longer.
I will definitely go back, likely the best in Philly so far. Keep up with the good work.First visit here for my friends and I. At first look sort of plain and simple, not a bad thing mind you. 
The menu sparse but detailed enough to tell you exactly what you get. It was also small but for what they're selling, there was no need for a huge sign or menus. 
I had the Shoyu Ramen with the poached  egg. My view on this was the broth while slightly salty was very good and the soy sauce flavor permeated throughout. The soup was a bit on the heavy side, might be due to the shoyu based broth. Ill be trying the Miso or the Kari next time as those appear to be popular items amongst yelpers. 
The noodles had a nice chewy texture which is always nice, though I think I could have used more noodles (which I probably will get when next I go) 
Overall a very satisfying first experience. Though a little pricey, I will definitely be going back again to try that miso!Finally a decent Ramen place in philly! 
What I love: 
1. Get the egg!!! It was probably the best egg I have ever had from a Ramen place to put on my noodle. The best part is when you poke it and having the egg yolk mixed with the noodle and broth.
2. The broth: I got the original (salt) version and the broth is pretty flavorful without being too salty.
3. The portion: The regular version is enough for lunch. I hated not finishing the whole bowl which happened every time at other Ramen place, but not here! 
Definitely check it out!I'll start by saying that the ramen is good when it's done right, but they mess it up almost every single time by forgetting to put in something that is supposed to come with the ramen according to the menu - like pork belly, or mushrooms, etc, while still charging for that item. Finally got fed up and stopped going there. Recently tried Terakawa Ramen, though, and Terakawa was incredible.For Philadelphia, this is pretty good ramen, though my only other points of reference are the $0.20 packs of ramen and one place in NYC.  The flavors were good, the prices were right ($9/bowl), and the extras were extra delicious.  
I ordered the Karai (spicy) ramen, and it didn't disappoint in terms of spice.  The pork belly was smoky and delicious.  My only request is that they add a vegetable or two more to the broth-- it was just scallion and bamboo shoots.  Also, it was pretty salty.
My girlfriend ordered the basic (salt) broth.  It was smooth and creamy with not that salty of a flavor. She also ordered an egg with it.  It was pretty amazing.  Great balance of texture and flavor to go with the ramen.  
Bottom line: If you want some ramen on a cool(er) day, then try some Nom Nom.  Get an egg, some extra pork belly for a couple bucks more, and you'll be full the rest of the day.This is my favorite ramen place in Philadelphia! I come here at least once a week. #nomnomI got the 36 hour pork broth ramen made with the spicy miso and added an egg. It was delicious and filling, however, the $16 price tag has me hesitant to rate it higher. Truth be told, this is my first time having designer ramen so I don't have a baseline to compare my experience to. If you have a few extra bucks and want a warm, comfy soup, I say go for it.solid broth which is my favorite thing about japanese ramen.  the karai is a little too spicy for me but i mixed it with the miso broth and it was perfect.  the noodles are great, the perfect thickness.  there are plenty of pieces of pork belly thought i'm sure many will argue that you can't get enough!  
my only complaint is the price.  i've only gotten the large size and $12 for a bowl of ramen that isn't Ippudo is pricey.  I think I'd only come here if I really need to fix a craving.Nom Nom indeed. This is probably the best ramen place on this side of Broad Street!
Conveniently located within 2 blocks of my work, this is one of the most satisfying lunch options I have, especially when I crave for something soupy and warm on cold days, of which there are many, nowadays. From my ample experiences, the noodles have always been reliably fresh, the broth always flavorful, and there are always plenty of toppings and condiments to choose from to spice up your ramen experience! (I'm lookin' at you, Shichimi Toragashi 7-spice seasoning...) 
Also, the service is pretty quick. Though it can get busy during lunch hours, I've never had any issues finding a seat. This may not be the prettiest ramen joint, but it's more of a no-nonsense kind of place where you enter, go straight for the ramen, and then you leave, but with some delicious ramen in your stomach. 
If your goal is to have a filling and satisfying meal within your allotted lunch hour, you can make it happen at Nom Nom Ramen!Come on, Philly! Listen. If it's super cold and miserable, sure. You can get a hot bowl of decent enough ramen here. But Terakawa is much much better! This is the fast food of Ramen. Try China town!!This was my first Ramen Shop I ever been too. I was influence to go there by watching the Naruto anime. When I had my first Japanese style Ramen here, OMGOSH!  It was just full of deliciousness! mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm The best ever :-)  
Very pleased with food and service here, plus the workers are very friendly. I like that they play Japanese music too. 
I LOVE the Pork buns! I LOVE LOVE  LOVE the Shoyu and the Shio Ramen soup. SOOOOOO good. My least favorite is the Miso though, but it's still good.  
Definitely get the Soft Boil egg. mmmmmmm
 All I will say is the menu needs to expand more, and the place should be bigger. But other than that, Best Ramen place so far in Philadelphia!I really enjoy the Karai Miso Soup with chicken. It has a nice blend of spices and good portion size. The only thing I would suggest is to cook the cabbage a little more. The noodles were perfect and the broth a good temperature.  Overall, pretty good! I will definitely be back!!The service here is amazing, my water was never left empty and the food was fast and delicious. Very attentive and friendly staff.
The ramen miso broth is deep and rich with favor and the noodles just have a natural bounce. The Charsiu pork was perfect in the broth.
I will definitely return here and can't wait tooYummy and fairly inexpensive.  I'll eat here again next time I'm in this neighborhood.Was really good and saw this place. Restaurant had some few people so my friends and I decided to have ramen. Crab bun was really good. Ramen not a big fan as it wasn't too brothy.They didn't even turn on the "open" sign, so I almost missed it. The place looks shady but the ramen is not bad.I don't understand how this place has such a low rating! Correct me if I am wrong.
Per say, I am not a foodie, or a connoisseur, but this place is great.
It is located in the heart of Philadelphia. A few walks down the road offers a nice breeze around the city in the park of Philadelphia on 15th and walnut, with great opportunities of sightseeing and digesting your food.
It has changed very much since I came here last time which was back in 2012. It used to be self-service from ordering food and getting water. However, now it is served with waiters.
Now, this comes with an advantage and disadvantage.
Advantage is that with waiters serving you menus and food, it creates a comfortable and almost high-end like atmosphere (Precisely the reason why they have renovated the design of the restaurant with chandelier, and other fancy lighting).
Disadvantage is that you would pay more money for tip and the food. However, I did not find the pricing to be overly expensive; a friend of mine and I got an edamame, Miso-ramen noodle, and curry rice for the price of $35 which was not too bad.
Now, the tables and chairs are contemporary and sleek, and is a lot more spacey then it was before. The place definitely gives you a feeling that you are dining out.
The other nice part of the restaurant is that the kitchen is in an open-end style; This allows the customers to actually see what sort of material they are using, and how the process of cooking occurs. While it is unlikely that anyone would stand in front of the cashier to watch the whole process from happening, I think it speaks somewhat of their vision and philosophy in running the business; honesty.
I am a little bit biased as I am a huge fan of ramen noodles in general from korean ones (shinramen, neogurri, and jjapagetti just to name a few) as well as japanese ramen noodles.
A really good place for college students to visit on night outs, for couples on dates, or any corporate workers who are just hungrayy for food. Highly recommended!I ate there yesterday for the first time. I took a chance on the salmon rice bowl. It was delicious!! Don't hesitate!Before even mentioning the food, I love the name of this place. It makes me smile. And also makes me crave ramen. 
I went for the shoyu and was really happy with the meal. It's so nice to finally have a ramen place in this area.  My only mistake (and I don't want anyone to repeat it) is that I completely forgot to ask for the egg! Sigh. It's an additional cost, not sure how much, but I'm sure it's worth it. Even egg-less, this was one tasty meal. The regular size is large enough to fill you but not so large that you're left with extra. 
Just a few notes: Nom Nom Ramen is cash only and I believe is sit down only, no take out.It was not the best ramen I have had ..... it missed something I can not describe ... service was not great and there was a fly next to me all the timeI finally got to try this place! It was better than i expected! The food took a bit to come out but it was worth the wait. I had the karai and it was very flavorful. The fatty pork was cooked just right. I wish there were more seats available. People were stalking people for tables... umm felt like i was in Flushings Chinatown Mall. Overall it was good.
FYI spoke to the cashier and they are putting more tables in. Yay!Don't understand the negative reviews. I haven't even been able to get beyond their spicy pork belly ramen, it is so delicious. I've found the staff and manager to be extremely accommodating, super nice. I haven't eaten at a ton of ramen places in Philly, but this is the best of those I have tried.I've eaten here numerous times and tried various different styles from their limited menu. Today it was tonkotsu done up shoyu style---killer. The pork belly melts in your mouth with flavor, and the broth is salty and rich and comforting---the equivalent of Prozac in a bowl. It's raining outside right now and I just want to crawl inside the bowl and go to sleep (while slurping broth of course). I also like terakawa in Chinatown quite a bit, but Nom Nom will continue to be a regular spot of mine. And I won't even downgrade them for cash only but it would be nice if they accepted credit card.Well this was just bad. The broth was thin and flavorless. The "toppings" were mostly the same spring mix you can buy at a grocery store and one sad raw cherry tomato, plus a soggy limp fried scrambled egg. And overpriced to boot.
The crab appetizer was pretty good. But then, it's hard to screw up deep fried crab.I love that there is a broth choice. My faves are the Shoyu and the Karai Miso. I always have them add egg, which makes it even more delicious.  I am, however, disappointed that there is no more soft shell crab bun on their menu. I hope they bring it back.Used to be better and cheaper. Prices have gone up. It used to be like 8 or 9 for a bowl of ramen, maybe 10 with tax. Now they start at 10 plus tax. Adding an egg is $1.50. Really!?  It is now sit down with waiters, which adds to cost. I didn't mind ordering at the counter and grabbing my bowl.  On top of this, the ramen was mediocre. Not a lot of miso flavor in the bowl I ordered. If you are really craving ramen, save your money and go to Terakawa.Been here twice so far - was at their first semi-opening and once last weekend. 
First, the non-factors but still worth mentioning. 
Wait time for food was slow  (on the first day) but acceptable on the second visit. Service is friendly and cheerful. Some guy came out to apologize for the long wait on the first day and asked for feedback - I assume he was the owner? At least he cared enough to interact with us.
As for quality of service, I was perfectly fine with getting my own stuff from the counter on the first day so I could spend what would've been my tip on extra toppings. Going forward though, the place may only have 1 or 2 servers (if any?) Decor was minimal and nothing particularly fetching. Chairs were ok. No actual "paper" menu - just a whiteboard with a variety of choices (shio, shoyu, miso, spicy miso) and toppings (extra chashu and egg).
Prices were more appropriate - about $8 without toppings for the regular sized ramen. Nice!
******  On to the food
Broth - both visits were acceptable, though I went with a sorta-semi-more subtle shio option the 2nd time vs the shoyu option. Not heavy at all - perhaps in between light and medium. A reasonable amount of flavor but missing a certain oomph or impact. I've had some fatty ramens that gave me some chest/heart pains - no joke!  And this place was not one of them.  5/10.
Noodles - both times were acceptable. Seemed cooked about right for my liking, though I prefer mine softer cooked vs "al dente".   5/10. 
Cha-shu - 1st time it was excellent. Tender and "melty" 8/10. 2nd time around it was not so good, but not terrible. Was chewy. It also appeared to be a different color (white vs brownish) but I could be remembering the first batch incorrectly. Not sure if something was rushed or a different cut of meat was used?  3/10. 
Toppings - the menma tasted a little off, which (according to another reviewer) may be from the canned source. Not sure if I like the red ginger in my broth. Don't remember any nori sheets either (which I thought was standard usually). 4/10. 
****** 
Overall, the general taste is reminiscent of Santouka (which according to the internets is a part of the owner's  Ramen background). But it's cheaper and hell of a lot closer than driving to NJ. Assuming they can replicate my first time visit's food, I would certainly come again. To recap, a 5/10 and here's to hoping for improvements!
As for alternatives, there aren't many right now. Although ... you can check out my (and many other people's) Ramen Boy review if you'd like. I more or less hammered the place. 
Yea, it might've improved since my last visit.... But I decided I would not give the place another try on my own dime after they hustled me and dining companions with some pretty shoddy product that took way too long to prepare/present. Yes, it was opening day (or 2nd day I forget). Yes, my fault for not manning up and complaining right then and there I suppose. Then again, I've never had THAT many things wrong with the food that'd merit a "let me talk to your manager"...SOO happy this place was not a disappointment like Ramen Boy! I had ramen in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, New York, Toronto....and this place definitely did not let me down to my international ramen standards!  Prices were reasonable, portions were good, and they have the yummiest Japanese cream soda!
Areas of Improvement: egg is still not the half-cooked kind you get in japan; wish the spice powder was available for every table; more side dishes beyond the pork buns would be nice; decor could be a little bit more interesting
Overall: will definitely be back to try the other ramen!I'm tired of reading bad or mediocre reviews about this place. Anyone who is rating it below 5 stars does not realize the time and effort that goes into making tonkotsu properly; they don't understand delicious, perfectly cooked chiasu. If you are writing a negative review, you haven't had ramen in Japan. This place rocks. Gets the karai and a half cooked egg (called hanjuku tomago in Japanese). A decent ramen in Tokyo costs about 1000 yen, which is about $10. That's in a place where acquiring ramen noodles or making them yourself is commonplace. No one here really appreciates the difficulty in making the actual noodles. You don't just roll out some dough. If you don't want authentically made ramen, go elsewhere or don't eat ramen. The richness of this broth is unparalleled. Sure, it's not a 10 out of 10 on a Tokyo scale, but it's so much better than the ramen at Terrakawa which everyone seems to be confused about just how good it is.this place is pretty reasonably priced and is clearly a fast food spin on ramen, but the food quality / taste is definitely something to be desired. 
the broth is overly seasoned and it's apparently that it's quickly made (some of the great ramen houses cook their broth for the greater part of a day, if not days). the noodles themselves are of the packaged variety - similar in quality to cup noodles, perhaps a notch or two above. would not go back for another try, as there are better "fast" food places in the area. 
the redeeming factor was the pork buns - those i enjoyed very much and thought the taste was excellent.Some days you want the attention to detail and high-energy. Other days you just want a meal without a lot of fuss-and Nom Nom delivers on the latter front.
I walked in and was immediately greeted by the staff behind the counter; I ordered a Shoyu Ramen. The broth was tasty, the meat ok; the noodles were a bit heavy but overall I liked my meal a lot. 
The vibe on Sunday for lunch was very laid-back and quiet, with more than a couple single people eating in peace. And sometimes that's all you want.Stopped in Nom Nom with my brother for lunch. After living in Japan we always crave ramen and he recommended this place. The inside is nice and simple and super clean, and the people working were really friendly and nice. 
I ordered the special they had going on, the green curry ramen w/ pork and my brother got the a more traditional ramen. The ramen came out pretty quick and was delicious. Some of the best I've ever had and I almost ordered another to-go to eat later.  
Will be back againGreat atmosphere, good music, clean and quick service.  But the food....Just a plain and simple WOW! My only regret was ordering the regular size instead of the large Karai Soup!!!!Not comparable to top-tier ramen bars in NYC/LA yet should be among the best ones in Philly. Def better than the ones in University City. Cash only.I am so happy to see Nom Nom reopen after the month long renovation, however , I am so disappointed of the Ramen . 
What happened guys ? 
Nom Nom used to be my favorite place to fulfill my ramen craving in philly and I have raved about it to every single person I know . I will no longer return after this time . 
My favorite part about the Ramen from Nom Nom was their creamy broth, it hurt every taste bud on my tongue and was always made to perfection . The broth now is watered down , it was so flavorless and tasted like water plus instant noodle seasoning packets. 
The braised pork are thinly sliced now and on top of that one of the pieces was a half piece of pork. 
I understand how after the reopening you need to raise the price , which is no big deal. But , with this kind of quality ? I am so sad I have just lost a favorite restaurant from the city.Been here before, decent enough ramen. But their customer service sucks. Going in at 257pm today, I still expect to be able to order something quick. For takeout if necessary. But no, they says they're closed, I walk out and notice the sign says closed at 3pm.  So I walk back in and say the sign says 3pm, but they say the kitchen is closed. piss-poor way to run a business.  I've been part of enough restaurants, and I still work in retail.Great service, great food, and nice atmosphere!! The broth in my ramen was so flavorful!! I eat ramen quite often and I think this is definitely a quality spot with quality ramen. Service was great, everyone was very polite and there was no wait time with our food. Ramen was hot and fresh when it got to our table. 
Definitely recommended to anyone in the area!!!Although I don't have an impressive list of travel credentials to back me up, I'm going to go ahead and say this is the best ramen that I've ever had. It just completely blows away both the stuff that comes in a brick that you toss into boiling water AND the stuff in the convenient styrofoam cup that you pour the hot water into!
All kidding aside, this is seriously good. My wife got the standard bowl, I went for the Karai. In retrospect mine wasn't spicy enough for my liking, plus the ramen flavor was kind of overwhelmed so I'd recommend going with a different variety.Delicious, fresh, and fulfilling!!!! If you want some authentic Japanese ramen, this is the place to go. The spicy miso is my favorite. This place is the real deal!! My kids love this place also and I look forward to bringing my family there again this weekend.before the renovations I would have given this place 5 stars. I've been coming here since they first opened. every season I was here enjoying a hot delicious bowl of ramen. 
THAT HAS ALL CHANGED SINCE THEY STARTED HAVING WAITSTAFF.  
hello?! you have maybe 10 menu items. what do I need to have someone waiting on me for just to order some karai and possibly pork buns??!! 
when did ramen become SO fancy that you have to have someone take your two second order down on a notepad???? -_- 
thank goodness for the UC location or I would be devastated. get it together nomnom.I love nom nom ramen and eat here often. I would have given 5 stars, but sometimes they skimp out on ingredients and the flavor is lacking. Most of the time it's really good though!I love this place.  No frills, super chill, and deeeeelicious ramen.  I've tried both the shio and the miso.  Spicy miso is next on my list.  The broths are terrific - tasty and salty, the way ramen broth should be.  The pork belly is perfect, and you get a couple nice size slices.  The noodles are well cooked, holding a bit of firmness.  The pork belly buns and the spider buns are also pretty yummy!  Some weird quirks: it's cash only and when you get a fountain soda, they hand you a solo cup (no lid).  So strange! It gets busy and a little noisy in there, but service is generally pretty quick and really friendly.  It's a go-to winter meal for sure.Meh. First time here so I'll follow up after another visit. But ... the Tonkotsu, the core element of most Ramens lacked the depth and complexity of a really good Tonkotsu. 
The noodles were good but the pork belly tough, not the melt in your mouth of a really well prepared noodle bowl. And the egg was hard boiled and way over marinated in soy sauce.
Staff was friendly although the music a bit loud but that's just an opinion. The free phone charger is a nice touch.Hands down, The RAMEN SPOT while in CC. The service is friendly and helpful, the Chasu and Soft boiled eggs and the sweet spot for me in this korean owned former Bibimbap shop in north Rittenhouse. Always a great winter warmer!I don't have much experience with ramen places in Philadelphia, but this was good. The service was very attentive making for an overall excellent experience. Very friendly, decently priced place. BYOB is awesome, just make sure to bring rum or whiskey, because they don't serve any clear diet drinks (for vodka). This place is cash only.Now they have all 4 ramen options in a vegetarian broth with great veggies!
Also for Summer 2013 there is a great cold ramen salad ($11.00).
HOORAY FOR VEG-Friendly options.
I love it here - but it is sooooo salty - but today the lady said if I tell her they can make them less salty.
This time I got the Vegetarian Miso (regular size is plenty big for me - but they also have a large size) and a side of tender Toriniku Pork (I like it better than the Cha su).  I skip the egg and extra noodles (no need for me - but if you like poached eggs they offer it as an add-on.)
So happy they are here!
This is one place where I like takeout better than eat in - as they pack the broth and noodles/goodies separately and I love that!!!
And they accept LevelUp.