The stars are for food only.  I was in a party of 6 + a toddler who arrived on a Friday night with a reservation.  The upstairs was about half filled when we arrived.  Our waitress came to take our order and we asked about the size of the pizza.  She suggested that we order 1 app and 1 pizza per couple.  So my husband and I did just that.  She took the orders but did not write anything down.  While waiting for food, two members did not receive their ordered drinks and had to remind the waitress.  The waters were only refilled once, when we had to request after several of us had already finished the glass.  Then when dinner came a different server delivered the pizzas to us but our ordered pizza was not part of his delivery.  Turns out the waitress put the wrong order in. So we had to wait for another pizza to be made.  By the time it was delivered, not only were we starving but the rest of our group had already finished their dinners and the toddler was ready to leave.  The waitress delivered the bill and stated, since you're a party of 6 the tip is part of the bill.  That felt like insult to injury.  She messed things up and she still gets a pretty big tip for doing minimal work, poorly.  It's one thing to make an accident, but she made several missteps and still didn't write down the orders for the other tables.  I was really disappointed at the service... suggestion- don't arrive hungry and plan to repeat your order.Here's a gimmick that will win me over every time: drizzled honey on a hot, steaming pizza pie.
Nomad got the memo and our decision couldn't have been easier - the Spicy Soppressata. There's just something about mixing sausage grease and zesty garlic with sweet honey that speaks to me. I mean, the milky fresh mozzarella and soft, yet slightly charred dough certainly never hurt either, but that's to be expected on most pies of this caliber. Even though Nomad's pizza could be considered Neapolitan "wet", ironically, the tomato sauce was noticeably still too thin and watery. Other than that, this Spicy Soppressata pick was excellent. 
Our waitress assured us that their pizzas were single-serve, but I'm tellin' you, that's aggressive. Even the most ambitious of eaters at our group dinner reluctantly had leftovers. I split the pie with my wife, after ordering a special salad to share as well, and that seemed to be perfect for us. It was a Woodfired Roasted Corn Salad, employing oranges, avocado, cherry tomatoes, shallots, jalapeños, and fava beans - a nice, refreshing, summery teaser before our spicy, sausage-y main course.
Also refreshing and recommended, if available, is their special Spiked Shandy Beer Cocktail. Nomad's take on the ale and lemonade favorite uses St. Germaine, tequila, (you guessed it) honey, and (you probably didn't guess it) honey-flavored Shawnee Apiarius beer. Despite this onslaught of alcohols, it was decidedly smooth.
Now, I know it's summer and sometimes it's nice to keep all the doors open to catch a breeze, but Nomad was hot as balls inside - hotter than outside given how central the wood-burning store is to the dining room. I think you can see by my praise for everything we ate that we eventually got over it, but it's still something worth noting if you're prone to the meat sweats (or even the regular sweats). Again, as for hot honey on a hot sausage pie? Well, that's some heat I can handle.Hands-down my favorite pizza spot in Philly. The Margherita di Bufala is perfection. The basil is fresh, there is JUST the right amount of chewy mozzarella, and the sauce hits the perfect balance of sweet and savory. The last time I was here, I asked for garlic and they brought out fresh garlic in olive oil instead of the typical dried garlic powder, which impressed me even more. Every time I even walk by the intersection where Nomad is located, I develop a sudden craving for pizza and start salivating like Pavlov's dog. Mmm.Nomad Pizza - oh how I love your delicious crust (aged bread um hum), gooey cheese, and savory toppings (can you say Portabello mushrooms)! I first discovered Nomad at the Pizza Olympics last year, and I can't keep myself from going back for more of their unbelievably wonderful pizza. The classic mozzarella and portabello mushroom are my favorites. Oh, yes - their pizza is so good. Must go there nowCozy lil spot, outdoor seating, wine on tap! All good things, in my book. 
Arancini balls made a perfect bite to start, extra points for serving them with a small arugula side salad. #Greenz
Ended up spilling not one, but two beers (oops) during our stay, and our waiter swooped in to the rescue with a towel almost immediately both times. 
Green dream, margherita di bufala and quattro formaggi were perfect to split between four people. Ordered a side of red sauce for kicks- that was a wise decision.
Lastly, the chocolate coins that come with the bill. The icing on the cake of this very good, very fine meal.The margherita di bufala is superb! The sause, the cheese... ummmm... Just the right taste! Alos had their special summer watermelon salad. Very summery!Amazing pizza! The crust was fantastic, recommend both the margarita and the four cheese. Can't wait to come back.Very good pie. I prefer my pies not only thin crust but more on the well done side, so i like the fact Nomad gets that slightly burnt (but not burnt) crust that holds up well when you lift a slice. 
Definitely worth checking out, both the sausage and pepperoni pies are winnersWe were lucky enough to be invited to the fantastic Yelp party here this week and try all of the great pies.  The location is a little hidden, but the layout and decor is very nice.  I loved the idea of the upstairs bar/projector room/meeting space.  It's a great idea and a smart way to hold your customers in the building for much longer.  
I was very impressed with the staff.  They were all very friendly and added to the atmosphere of the room.  The craft beer selection is good and the wine list is adequate.  I enjoyed the salads, but they weren't anything to write home about.  The star of the show is the pizza dough.  It is a perfect combination of taste and texture.  It's a little chewy, a little flaky, and has a great buttery (almost sweet) taste.  I really don't have a single complaint about any of the pizzas.  I'm definitely partial to the truffle, mushroom, egg concoction.  A really superb pizza.
I'm docking a full star for the menu prices.  These are pretty small pizzas (probably in the 10-12" range), and $16 to $19 for one of them seems a bit much.  Going there for a two hour movie, pizza, and drinks could turn into a very pricey pizza night.MMMMMM Nomad.
I should preface this by saying that my date and I were pretty drunk when we went here, but I really don't think that is influencing my review decision here. 
We walked/stumbled in, were sat at the bar. The service was great and very patient with our slow-decision making.  We tried a salad and a pizza.. the one with homemade mozzarella. The salad was huge, fresh, tasted great.  The pizza was so good.  I wish I had been more sober to better enjoy it but I guess instead ill just have to go back again. The crust was yummy and perfect, the whole thing was delicious. it was cool to watch them making the pizzas too, from where we sat.The three stars here may get an upgrade later, but for now we'll float around the 3.  
I tried Nomad last week but I suppose my first error was getting take out.  I know this isn't the ideal way to try a masterpiece pizza for the first time, but I took the risk.  That said, the pizzas were pretty amazing.  We got the spicy sausage and the shiitake pizza.  The dough was soft and chewy, per all the reviews.  The hardest part was deciding which to get.  
The biggest flaw in the box was.....and this was probably a one time fluke....the pies weren't cut.  Neither of them.  That's right, two whole pizzas fully intact.  Now if I were a Ninja Turtle, I would have folded it over and gone all calzone on it.  But since I had to plastic knife my own slices, Nomad loses some points.  
I will be back, I will dine in, I will order the Margherita, and Nomad will get those additional stars.This isn't your typical pizza from your local neighborhood or dominos- its neapolitan style pizza
The setting layout here is unique.. theres a downstairs with only a few tables and the oven.. theres also an upstairs with a full bar and several tables... there was a huge tv in the middle of dinning area and a movie was playing (no sound).. I went on the wkend so it's pretty busy and loud.
I ordered the brussel sprouts and spicy sausage pizza... the brussel sprouts were good but I wish they were more crispy... the pizza is kinda small, the size is between a small and a medium pizza but tasted good regardless.. the waitress did suggest 2 pizzas or a pizza and a starter, which was great advice
They do have oregano, chilli pepper flakes, but no garlic powder- fresh minced garlic in oil instead. I love garlic so I didn't mind
Service was excellent.. everyone was accommodating and made sure we were good.. they were fast and never forgot anything.. my date's root beer was flat so they gave us another drink and took it off the bill
They offered chocolates (unwrapped) on top of our receipts and I thought that was a little unsanitary 
and should be served on tiny plates instead.. however the place seemed clean so I trusted themOne of the best pizzerias in Philly. The price is good and the pizza is of the same quality you eat in Italy. Neapolitan type (thicker than the roman one), I strongly suggest the margherita with bufala. The Quattro formaggi is good, with an add of onions (weird but approved variation). Beer (moretti) and ambiance will make even the most skeptical Italian in Philly to feel home!This was my second time at Nomad Pizza.  While I was eating my pie all I could think was that I just wanted to jump inside my pizza, curl up on top of it and live their forever.  Heaven pure heaven.Three of us went here last night.  Restaurant is beautiful and service was good.  Unconventional looking Caesar salad was tasty once we requested supplemental caesar dressing as the salad had barely a hint of dressing on it when it was delivered to the table.  Bruschetta was tasty and fresh.  All the pizzas look amazing but the taste doesn't live up to the looks.  The spicy sausage and margherita pizzas were fine, but nothing special.  The tomato sauce just doesn't have a depth of flavor, so the entire pizza is underwhelming.  Nomad gets an A for effort on the gluten free pizza, but it was awful.  Dough in the center was wet and mushy and same issue with the bland sauce as on the regular pizzas.  The waitress was kind enough to remove the $5 surcharge on the gluten free pizza since they couldn't put the pie back in the oven to crisp the center without turning it to a cracker.
Overall, we are glad we tried Nomad pizza and while it was ok, we won't be going back. Alfonsos in Somerville is far superior and has a more extensive menu including numerous more tasty gluten free options.The pizza is absolutely delicious and the beer selections is good too. It's perfect to go and split a pizza and grab a beer with a friend. The menu isn't too extensive but it's simple and delicious. The wait staff is also super friendly and attentive. I've been here a few times and def plan on going back.This was our first visit and we really enjoyed every bite. The pizza was absolutely delicious with thin but still soft crust that almost had a sweet taste to it. The meat on our pizza was smoked and cured. No pepperoni out of a freezer here! There's outdoor seating and inside you can watch them pulling pizzas in and out of the brick oven! Also, gorgeous and delicious salad choices!I competed in a dumpling eating contest hours before going here. And I am not a big fan of pizza. However, it turns out Nomad is not just a great Sepultura song, it's also a great pizza joint in Philly. 
 I was with a group of six and we got five pies, three desserts and beers. The server went went straight to the bar and immediately returned with the beer, a huge plus in my book. We ordered the spicy sausage (2),the arugula with prosciutto, pepperoni, tartufo, and the shiitake mushroom pizzas. I recommend all of them.I been wanting to try this place out for quite some times . So since my nephew was visiting and decided to stop in some stores on south street we decided to stopped in and try their pizzas . The menu is very limited . Most was just pizzas . So we ended up ordering the spicy sausage pizza and the pepperoni pizza . I didn't like the spicy sausage one too much . But the pepperoni pizza was very good . Definitely would come back for more pepperoni pizza .I got the Margherita pizza at Mt. Airy Night Market and I'm a huge fan. While it was a little difficult to eat on the curb...the flavors were delicious. The tomato, mozzarella, and basil were all extremely fresh and it was tastier than most other similar pizzas I've had. Only complaint was that the thin crust could have been crispier.
They bake it in a pizza oven, which was awesome to watch at Night Market. The pizza comes out with that smoky flavor that really enhances the taste.
It's been on my list to see a movie at Nomad, I would imagine the pizza in the restaurant is even better.Nomad Pizza Company is the perfect spot for a casual meal and good gourmet pizza. 
My party of four dined here on New Year's Eve and had a good experience. I called ahead to confirm that they wouldn't have any unwanted holiday prix fixe menu. While they wouldn't take a reservation for such a small group, the person I spoke with guessed we wouldn't have a problem getting a table. He was correct and we were able to sit right down when we arrived around 9-ish. 
First and foremost in importance, the pizza was great. My husband and I split the Arugula con Prosciutto. It was the perfect size for sharing when we were looking for a filling, but not stuffing base before a night of drinking. If you are really hungry, I'd probably recommend getting your own pie (with expectations of leftovers) or a pie plus an appetizer or two to split. The crust was thin but the dough was full. The arugula was fresh and the prosciutto was plentiful. I would not hesitate to order this pie again, and it left me intrigued to try some of the other options. 
I was drinking wine that evening so went with a glass of pinot grigio, but their craft beer draft selection was pretty good. They even had a beer special- $4 for a Long Trail Sick Day IPA.  That's a sick deal, but it's even sicker that they still offered this deal on a holiday! 
We had a little trouble understanding our server's accent so we didn't have too much interaction with him aside from the basics. He seemed nice and the whole meal went smoothly so that's fine by me. 
I did find it a little odd that they had the fans on in the upstairs dining room. It was a chilly night and it made the room a little drafty. Also, the restaurant wasn't super crowded but they insisted on seating all the tables right next to each other. I understand this was based on server zoning, but everyone was right on top of each other and had to reshuffle outerwear when a new group was seated. 
All and all, I'm happy with my experience and look forward to going back again.Really great pizza. Wonderful beer ..great staff. Had a good time here in the city. 
***UPDATE*** 
Yum. super cozy and cute too. Pizza was great. Beer was awesome too. House salad was really simple, could have used some onions or a cucumber maybe. Not just arugula and spring mix lettuce. Taste was ok though.Awesome ambiance and a pretty good neighborhood in South Philly. We split a Truffle Pecorino pizza and Caesar Salad and both were AWESOME!  Highly recommend you try this place. Very cool vibe!Great pizza. The pizza sauce is fresh and tangy. Crust is very good. I recommend the margarita.The pizza is really good. Sometimes I think it needs a little more seasoning, but it's still very tasty and reasonably priced. The staff is super nice and accommodating and attentive. Personally don't love the group seating. Definitely recommend for "fancy" pizza. Also, the movie nights on the 2nd floor are interesting.We order the Spicy Sausage and it was amazing along with the strawberry beer and the spicy sorpressatra. Spicy but good!!Stopped in for a quick bite with some picky little ones... After our very patient waiter fielded questions about the ingredients, we ordered a spinach, margarita, and pepperoni pizzas with the house salad. The adults in the party had a draft beer and red wine. The pizzas and salad were out in a matter of minutes... The communal table made for a fun atmosphere and being near the brick oven kept us warm and the kiddies entertained. Pizza was excellent with fresh organic ingredients. The house salad was simple and very good. Best part was that we were in and out in under 40 minutes!! Definitely going back to Nomad for my pizza fix.Really everything I hoped it would be.
I tried the pizza truck at the Chinatown Night Market, and it was love at first bite, so I'd been anticipating the opening of the Philadelphia location for a while.  I finally had time to make it in on Good Friday.  The atmosphere is stylish but casual (I love the red chairs), and the staff were friendly and personable.  I find communal tables at least a little awkward, but I expected that based on photos of the Hopewell location.
On to the pizza...great.  The crust is crispy and chewy, just right.  We had the spicy soppressata and the tartufo.  The tartufo was fantastic, with a perfectly cooked egg on top heaps of shitake mushrooms.  yum.  The soppressata was also tasty, and definitely has a fair amount of heat for those of you who are sensitive.  The wine and beer lists were both nice, and appropriate.  I also liked that they have a daily $4 special from the beer list.  Tiramisu was delicious for dessert, as well.
I was happy to see that they have taken comments from patrons and made changes accordingly, such as providing pizza cutters, and stemless wine glasses instead of plain small glasses for wine.  On that note, I have another suggestion:  Applegate Farms is a quality company, and relatively local, but I really don't like their product.  I've purchased their food before at Trader Joe's and I just don't think it tastes good.  Why not take advantage of the fact that you're literally steps from the Italian Market and get your meats there?  It would taste so much better.  The soppressata pizza was really missing something, and that was authentic, high quality cured meat.  DO IT!  Either way, I'll be back.I have been to Nomad in Hopewell, NJ several times and am a big fan of the pizza. After I found out the same Nomad was in Philly, I had to go check it out for myself. 
The 7th street location is more casual than the locust street site with several large tables and an open kitchen/ brick oven ( a Nomad special). We got the margherita and the truffle and LOVED both. The key to any margherita pizza is the sauce and Nomad nailed it home with the perfect tomato sauce. The truffle pizza has a lot going on ( mushrooms, egg, truffle oil.. etc) but if you are open to new flavors, definitely give this specialty pie a chance. The thought of raw egg on a pizza didn't appeal to me at first, but this pizza quickly changed that. Oh, and they give you a chocolate coin with your bill. 
I hear the HH deals are awesome! But not all the speciality pies ( aka the truffle) are offered on the list.Had the corn pizza special and it was great. It had corn, peppers and mozzarella. I just wish there was a little more cheese on it. We sat outside an the ambience was really cool, there was a 3 string jam band playing which was awesome. The only think negative was that the tables had stools with no backs so I couldn't sit back an relax.On my first visit to Nomad Pizza, I immediately knew I was in for an amazing experience. 
It wasn't the hipster-chic decor or the welcoming, laid back wait-staff that gave it away (nor was it the mouthwatering menu that I had obv. meticulously perused online before visiting)- but rather it was the Italian chatter echoing from various different tables throughout the large upscale-cafeteria style dining room that told me I was in for a great meal. It speaks volumes to me when guests are natives or native speakers of the cuisine's country of origin - almost authenticating the experience as they offer an  (un)spoken "seal of approval"- (see what i did there) . This was indeed the case at Nomad, and it was an indication that proved to hold very true throughout my dining experience. 
I've been to Nomad several times since my first (nirvana-like) experience and I can't seem to emphasize enough how refreshing the pizza is and how reminiscent it is of authentic Italian pizza. A trip to Nomad is a splurge in every way: pricey, hoppy IPA's and pizzas tasty enough to independently devour in one sitting (or was that just me?), but all well, well, well worth it, in my opinion. 
I typically don't eat meat however when the prosciutto/ arugula pizza was placed in front of me, I simply could not resists. and I'm glad I didn't. I think this might be my favorite pizza...in philly...or ever. not sure yet. The mushroom pizza was really delicious too and I found out that you can add red sauce to any of the white pizzas (or vice versa) if you want to. Can't go wrong with the marinara, margherita, or margherita de bufula either. The ariancini were mediocre- but it could have just been an unusually dry batch. Nonetheless I will still probably stick to just pizza from now on. The beer and wine list seems to have a little something for everyone, too. I had a malbec that was great and was relieved to see that they also serve allagash white, which accompanied my pizza excellently on another occasion. 
Each time I have visited Nomad, our server has been extremely helpful and attentive, pointing out daily specials, preferred items etc. It's also just a fun and laid back environment- great for an easy meal or date night. They even have a big screen and movie showings...last time I was there they were playing Sandlot- NEED I SAY MORE??I'm really impressed with Nomad. Tonight was fantastic: I was in and out of there with a fantastic to-go order in two shakes of a pizza's tail. Like, mere minutes.
Their product is excellent, the environment is very pleasant, they've got late hours, and a personal thing: there's none of that BYO BS -- they've got a full wine selection. 
(It remains totally mysterious to me why locals love the BYO, when the wine you can buy from the state stores is a literal abomination. Not to mention, am I supposed to be carrying around a wine bottle just in case the mood strikes? Ridiculous concept.)
Anyway back on point: the soppresata pizza's king, the shitake is subtle and fantastic, and the root vegetable salad of beet and carrot is a giant smiling emoticon of yum. 
They even have regular thrilling movie nights!
My one beef, and it's small: I haven't seen anything chocolate on the dessert menu. After a nice neopolitan pizza and a glass of Cab, my soul needs chocolate.
PS I've seen a review or two citing soggy pizza middles. I have not experienced that -at all. It's definitely the fatal flaw of Barbuzzo's far inferior pizza, but for me anyway, a total non-issue here.Top notch business. Not only is the food incredible, the service was very quick - even on a crowded evening. Great food, along with a solid tap list - makes this an easy recommendation. There was a slight problem with the check, but the manager, Anthony, handled the situation in a prompt and professional manner!I really enjoyed it here, was with a group of friends and everyone enjoyed their food. We had 4 pizza's and a couple of the starters. Tiny place, a little on the dark side but great menu and attentive staff.I've given Nomad a second try, and I'm keeping my 3 stars the same. I went for their movie night and my date and I split 2 pizzas. The movie was Annie Hall, which was great, but it made me nostalgic for New York, and New York pizza in particular, which Nomad is not. They're keeping up their silly pizza cutter thing, and now after my second try, I'm more confident in saying they should nix that idea. It just takes too long to use their dull pizza cutter and the pizza's cold, with awkwardly shaped slices by the time you eat it. The pizza is pretty good though, nuthin' amazing.Fantastic pizza, fantastic beer. Overall, a bit pricey but this is my favorite pizza place in Philly.I'd previously written a review of In Riva saying that it was the best pizza in the city.  That review is now irrelevant as Nomad pizza Allen Iverson-high-stepped-over-Tyron-Lue after hitting a three pointer in the 2002 NBA Finals'd In Riva.
I'm not even going to describe the pizza.  Its amazing.  Best in the city.  Just go.  Order two pies.  I regretted only getting one.  The Spicy Sopressata and Margherita were BANKINK'We're regulars at the Nomad restaurant in Hopewell Boro, NJ, so we were looking forward to trying out the newly opened Philadelphia restaurant.  It's mainly organic, local, and seasonal, and features a quite creative menu.  I enjoyed the roasted root crop salad (lots of beets and carrots, along with arugula and cheese).  We then had the mushroom and potato pizza, which was amazing.   It was piled high with three species of mushrooms and was wonderful.  Pizzas are cooked in a huge wood oven and the crusts are delicious.  They also have a nice list of draft beers and encouraged us to taste them first.    It's a pleasant building, very well designed and tastefully decorated.  Upstairs, they often have movies which you can watch while you are eating.Nomad Pizza - you're the best pizza in Philly ! Wood fired pizza baked fresh, a good beer selection in their location, a simple clean location. Nomad pizza makes life better, especially the portabello mushroom pie ! We discovered Nomad at the Pizza Olympics last year, and have been going ever since. Such a yummy pizza pie. A bit pricey, but worth the "dough."After 7 days in the hospital, this was my first stop after getting out. The dough was super great, kind of like Naan. The green pie was a good blend of veggies and pesto. We'll be back!Best pizza in the city IMO!! But what do I know I'm not even Italian I just really love carbs. I am confident  when I say I could easily polish off a whole pizza here by myself in probably under 20 minutes, I will resist they urge for now because it's May and I have 5 more months left to be able to wear shorts and crop tops until Philadelphia turns into a frozen wasteland again-- at which point eating whole pizzas is necessary to stay warm. 
Butttttt anyway, this place is ideal, I accidentally went to the wrong location (lol) when meeting friends last time and had drinks there, it was just as good as this location just a different vibe since its in a very different area of the city. I generally get the prosciutto pizza to share and then wish I had ordered one to eat by myself, the beer selection on tap is amazing, generally local and always seasonally appropriate. It's also cool they have a full bar now and I'm pumped to come here for one of the free movie screenings. Much love Nomad may you exist forever :))I had the pleasure of enjoying this delicious brick oven pizza truck at the piazza's winter market this weekend. As I quickly opened up my yelp page to review this delicious pizza, I was beyond excited to learn that they are opening a place in Philly! 
I had the plain and pepperoni pizzas and wow both were amazing though I have to say I enjoyed the pepperoni more. The sauce was sweet and the pepperoni was generously place over the pizza and deliciously salty. They obviously use fresh ingredients and I absolutely love the crust from the wood burning oven. 
My only complaint of this tasty pizza was that it would be my first and most likely last time I would ever enjoy it and I am beyond happy to learn that will not be the case. I will keep my eye on the opening of their pizza place near South st. for sure!Absolutely delicious pizza.  The crust is just right, nice and thin and doughy, but not too much and just the right consistency.  You can tell a lot of thought and care went into making these pizzas.  Our group had the Truffle Pecorino, Arugula Prosciutto and Shitake Mushroom, all were outstanding.  Good selection of craft beers to go along, it was a great meal.they sold me a  pizza which was ordered by another customer who did not like , it was  little cold  ... guys if you have something you stock with sell it with a promotion !!The pizza here reminded us a lot of the pizza in Italy- cooked in a wood-fire oven, served with a fork and knife. Cozy place with a tiny bar to eat and a very long table for people to share. I believe there is an actual bar upstairs. They serve beer, wine, and a few cocktails as well. We ordered the spicy soppressata and margherita pizzas. Loved them both!Nice beer selection coupled with outstanding pizza.  We did a mini-pizza tour including Pizza Pronto, Lorenzos, and Barbuzzo and Nomad was the best pizza.Nomad is excellent - the best pizza in Philadelphia.  The beer special makes great pizza even better.  I love the Spicy Soppressata, and the Arugula Salad and the Roasted Roots are items I've made meals on their own more than once.  
Eat here!I was able to try Nomad Pizza while at Night Market on South Street recently.  We went early enough and the line was fairly short.  They sport a food truck with a built-in wood burning brick oven.  The ingredients were fresh and mouth water even before it took a trip to the oven.  We went with a half marg / half pepperoni.  Both were of equal parts amazing.  Having been to Southern/Central/Northern Italy, I've been able to sample a lot of pizza stylings.  Their Neapolitan style crust and flavors were reminiscent of some of the great pizzas I've had while in Naples.  It is by far the best pizza of that style I've had in Philly...ever.  I know they have a storefront on South and I'm eager to make that my go-to pizza stop while in the area.Yummmmm!
My friend suggested we try Nomad for a night in of pizza, beer, and a movie. The walk seemed like it took forever but it was worth the wait for me. We got there and I wanted to try EVERYTHING! Unfortunately, neither my budget or my belly would allow for this. 
We ended up getting the spicy sausage with broccoli rabe (it was a special that night) and the truffle pizza. We got both with the thin crust. 
While we were waiting we had a beer. The the best part was that the beer we wanted was on special and only $4!! Score! 
It didn't take very long for the pizza to come out and I could hardly wait to take a bite! It looked so amazing, especially the truffle pizza with the fried egg on top. 
When we finally got to the house it was go time. We opened up the boxes and dove in. The beautiful runny egg and the truffles, ahhh what a combination. It was divine! But who can go wrong with truffles and a fried egg? The real test...was the spicy sausage...and I was pleasantly surprised. The spice wasn't overpowering and the broccoli rabe added that green touch to make you feel like you were eating something that was healthy. I hate to say it but it was love at first bite and I cannot wait to go back and try some of their other delicious pizza!Pizza is decent but staff is absolute crap.  Saturday afternoon staff was so bad i am done with this place.The pizza here is amazing. The dough is what really makes it. I've tried their vegan marinara, truffle peccorino, and bufala...The bufala was definitely my favorite. The truffle one was good, but there definitely a lot of flavors going on at once. Their vegan marinara has a nice little spicy kick. They dont take reservations unless you have a party of 6 or more and there was a 40 minute wait on the weekend. So we ended up doing take out and they were ready on time. Love this place. Parking can be a little tricky in this area.Amazing. Got the arrancini to start and then the Quattro fromaggi and arugula con prosciutto. Drinks were delicious, and service was amazing.  I was so excited to see they served Mexican Coke. My mother loved the arrancini balls and the pizza was so good- those burnt edges of wood fired pizza are me favorite. Staff was so friendly. Loved it! Great intro to Philly!I seem to really be lucking out with excellent pizza in Philly. First, the Pitruco Pizza truck, then In Riva... but Nomad Pizza may just take the, er, pie. Our first impression was, wow, this is like if Pitruco had indoor seating and air conditioning and booze. But, after we had our pizza, we felt like Nomad really set itself apart. The quality of ingredients sourced from local farms and producers is very impressive. Another thing was the crust - Nomad offers a choice between regular or Romana crust - we got the latter, which is thinner, and really works well. We liked that the ingredients, besides being local, are really creative. We got a spicy sopressatta pizza that was drizzled with honey and sea salt - the honey caramelized in the pizza oven and added a really different dimension to the pizza. Throw that in with the excellent wine and beer selection, and this is definitely a place we look forward to hanging out at more often.Upon further consideration, this deserves 5 stars.
I organized a conference dinner here for 25 people and it was a big hit.Not a big fan of the fried ravioli. It was a bit over cooked with minimal filing.  The marinara sauce and arugula were good. 
The pizza is delicious.  Spicy sausage with pepperoni and shitake mushrooms additionally added.  The crust was soft and cooked perfectly it off the wood fired oven.Really good pizza, I'd say the only "upscale let's eat out pizza place" in Philly that's worth it. Salads are only average, didn't try any other apps. Good beer selection and usually a special beer that is a good deal. Probably would be a nice first date spot with good atmosphere + good beer + pizza (everyone likes pizza).Join the tired middle-aged parents upstairs for happy hour, having delectable thin slices, fancy salads (with goat cheese, beets, etc.) and chilly delicious draft beers while the kids are transfixed by the silent cartoons projected on the wall. Great food and free babysitting. Is this heaven?Excellent Trenton style pizza, came to my seat in less than 5 mins. Awesome environment and great craft beer selection. Highly recommend this place.Five stars for outfitting a truck with a wood burning brick oven! This truck was a highlight of South Street's Night Market. The high powered oven churned out margarita and pepperoni pizzas, keeping the line moving faster than most. 
At $5 for a half margarita (4 small slices) it was a great deal. Nomad's crust was nice and bubbly, and the thin pie had both crunch and chew to it. Add to that fresh mozzarella, basil, and a tangy tomato sauce and I'm sold as a returning customer.MAN , when you want a pizza you want a pizza. This place is OK but the staff is a little shakey
on experience. We were asked 5 times what we ordered. They ran out of ROOT BEER and
had the nerve to give us the last of the barrel , very warm  and charge the full amount. The
pizza is thin crust . The spicy SOPPRESSTA is out standing. For the prices we have had better 
and got more.So I never write updates for reviews, but I am so in love with this place I just had to write more. Since my initial visit  a few months ago, I have returned many, many times. I probably come here close to once a week or every other week, and sometimes even twice in one week. In fact, if I had remembered to check in each time I was here, I have no doubt that I would be the Duke of Nomad. You might be thinking "but it's just pizza!" Well, I've tried every pizza on the menu except for one. The tartufo and spicy soppressata pizzas are THE HOLY GRAIL of pizza, with the spicy sausage, quattro formaggio and prosciutto and arugula not far behind. The dark haired female server is super down to earth, relaxed and approachable while still providing great service. And they play 90's songs, which will win me over at any establishment. And there's always a good craft beer on special for $4. I have introduced several friends to this place and they all end up falling in love with it as well. Keep up the good work Nomad!Absolutely phenomenal pizza. I am a huge pizza aficionado. I regularly make my own pizzas from scratch. I rarely find pizza that is better than my own.  The truffle pecorino pizza is one of the best flavored pizzas I have ever had in my life. A perfect balance! The egg in the center really elevates this pizza to the next level. I think the crust could use a touch more work. I thought it was slightly underdone. The top was pleasantly burnt but the undercarriage was slightly underdone. But I am really nitpicking here.  This will be one of my mandatory stops anytime I'm in philly!Really great pizza if you like very thin crust. Probably the best pizza I've had  outside of Europe. It's a little pricey but quality costs money. The service is fast and pleasant and  it's baby friendly (our new challenge). Takeout is also a winner. If you want thick crust pizza go to Santucci's in Bella VistaWent to Nomad on Locust last Sunday. We've gone to the 7th st location many times and were usually very satisfied. However, this time on Locust was not good at all. Ordered the meatballs with broc rabe. They were ok and served with kale. Kale is not even close to broc rabe and the waiter made no mention of the substitution. Now for the pizza... I've never seen it rolled out with a rolling pin before. It was undercooked and flat as a pancake. Not good at all. Hopefully this was just an off nightDelicious, delicious, delicious. Crispy charred crust and yummy toppings. And friendly, helpful service too. But here's the rub. Two single-serving pizzas and no drinks = $41 after tax and tip. Which makes this a very occasional treat rather than a regular haunt. Also, a $2 upcharge for adding red sauce to a mushroom pizza which is already $16 seems a little bit churlish. Anyway. Good but Expensive. Birra is down the road and is Good and Affordable. Shrug.It's a shame that I learned about this place in my last few weeks in Philly. Hands down one of the best pizza spots in Philly. I'm from New York so my pizza standard is high. Ridiculously high. And this place surpassed my expectations. I had the shiitake mushroom pizza as well as the pepperoni and both of them were great (if you can only choose one, definitely go for the shiitake!). I also love the fact that they play silent movies. I've seen bars and other places play movies/tv shows, but what's the point if you can't hear anything? This is perfect. It's great for a date, family gathering, or just to hangout with friends. Don't be like me and find out about this place at the last second, try it out!Whether grabbing take out or sitting in, Nomad has always proved to be a solid pie. The specials are interesting. The employees and managers are super friendly. I recommend it to everyone.Nomad is good pizza.  Neapolitan style pizzas at their very best. 
You simply MUST order the Quattro Formaggio;  garlic overload (in a good way) and perfectly caramelized onions.  A cheesy wonderment.  But you should also get the Spicy Soppressata done "Roman style,"  i.e., a wafer thin crust and toppings end to end.  The Soppressata is out of this world.
They provide you with pizza cutters (sometimes) which is pet peeve to me.  Just cut my pizza before you serve it please!  The acoustics in the upstairs can get VERY loud at times, making it hard to hear.  Those are my only two complaints;  seriously this pizza is good enough to deal!Simple and tucked away off South Street, Nomad boasts some of the best pizza in Philly.  Local ingredients and a perfect crust make these pizzas even hard to resist for me, and I'm not a pizza guy!  There is always a nice draft beer and wine selection and great service.  Because it's summer, I have been choosing to sit outside and enjoy the sun but the bar upstairs is cozy and rarely crowded.  The movie nights are fun and a nice way to break up the week.  Really, it's a great all around place with the perfect vibe; great food and good times.Best pizza I have had in Philly. We've tried four different toppings and they were all amazing. Good beer list and some pretty good cocktails too. Service was also spot on, very friendly and attentive. I'm definitely going back.Just when you think you've tried it all in Philadelphia's dream-like pizza scene, here comes Nomad Pizza Company. I'm not sure where the establishment name comes from, but I will assume that all pizza places begin their story with hungry, wandering Philadelphians, seeking to satisfy their primal cravings of fresh baked dough, tomato sauce, and cheese. And Nomad Pizza Co. does just that. We ordered the "Truffle Pecorino," a fire-baked pizza with fresh buffalo cheese, mushrooms, truffle oil, and an egg baked right in the middle of the pie. Our server broke the egg open at our table, taking spoonfuls of yolk and swirling it around the pizza. He then lovingly (yes, it appeared he took great joy in this) cut the pizza and offered fresh black pepper. Although we decided to go sans alcohol, there was a nice selection of local craft beers, ales, wines, and ciders. The ambiance felt clean, warm and relaxed. But Nomads also felt classy, like visiting your wealthy friends who are blissfully unaware they are rich, i.e. quality without the pretense. I recommend this place highly!They came to the Manayunk StrEAT food festival this weekend, and I had to give it a try. Really...I'm conflicted. I liked the pizza. I really, REALLY liked it. The crust was well done, and they got the topping ratio right...but biting in didn't create an explosion of flavor in my mouth. I never got that "oomph" to really take it to the next level.
Yeah, I know, I'm going in with an unreasonable expectation here, but somehow their pizza hovered around really good instead of great.Excellent pizza! we ordered the 2 pizzas:  Pecorino Truffle pizza and the spicy sausage which was plenty to be shared by a party of 3.  Both pizzas were delicious. The spicy sausage was yummy but i really enjoyed the pecorino truffle pizza because it was somewhat novel for me.  Fresh Egg on pizza??  The Pecorino Truffle was heavenly since it was laden with fresh mozzarella di bufala, truffle oil, shitake mushrooms and perhaps the best part, a fresh egg - that was spread all over the pizza when served.  Complex, rich, creamy, utterly DELICIOUS :) The crust was glutinous and chewy with the right amount of char. yummy.  Nice to know that some pizzas can be ordered roman style or on thin crust.  We also got the roasted beet salad that served over greens and peppered with chucks of chevre.  They have tons of wine, beer, and even cocktails. The had quite a few beer on tap and it was someone embarrassing that my friend and I were indecisive about which ones to get. Never fear!  The staff here was kind/super accommodating!  Our server gave us several samples/tastings which was incredible helpful.  Warm and welcoming setting, tastefully decorated.  Looking forward to coming back ;)Fresh, seasonal ingredients and pizza cooked to perfection make this a wonderful pizza place! Sit upstairs if you can to be treated to the silent movies that had us chuckling over our beer and wine. Perfect for a casual night out.We love the pizza here. Yes the pies are smaller and more expensive. But it is worth it. Baked in a wood oven gives the crust a good taste and the crispy burnt bubbles. The spicy soppresata is our fav. The nutella banana dessert pizza is also really good. If you eat in, get an ice cold root beer in a frosted mug. Or you can get a pie to go.Amazing pizza with a decent craft beer selection. Their best part is the service. I was there with a friend and his son, and we found a power ranger on the seat. We ended up putting it on the shelf behind the booth, and left it there. We were several blocks away when we heard someone call to us. We turned around and the hostess had run all the way out there to deliver what she thought was the kid's lost toy! Sadly we had to let her know that it wasn't ours.
I'm burying the lede here, so I'll say that the smoked mozzarella, kale, and spicy sausage pizza had so much flavor that worked well together.Most gnarly pizza, broskis. I had some at the little (or huge) pizza olympics event thingy tonight and the cheese was all moist and flavorful. Most awesome pizza!!Sat outside.  Had some good beer.  Had some really tasty pizza.  The kids loved it.  The adults all seemed pretty happy, too.  I shall return.When I mentioned to a friend that I usually don't love the pizza in Philly, she proposed we try Nomad. The upstairs space is a bit distracting between the noise level and the silent films playing across the wall, so it's hard for larger groups to have a conversation here. We shared the Caesar Salad (tasty, with a nice distribution of dressing throughout the wedge) and the Arugula Salad (light). Then we split 3 pizzas among 5 girls: Margherita di Bufala (delicious - my favorite of the 3), Arugula con Prosciutto (good flavor), and the Truffle Pecorino (a little too heavy for my taste between the truffle, cheese, and egg). After my meal, I can say that Nomad is definitely among the better pizza spots that I've had in Philly.The boyfriend and I stopped in last Saturday afternoon for lunch when I was waiting for my iPhone to be fixed at a store nearby.  
We split the Caesar salad, which was pretty good. Bonus points for the anchovy slices!!!
We also split the margherita de bufala pizza which was DELICIOUS. It was a little smal to split for 2, but I was glad we got the salad. 
It was $26 for the meal, which wasn't bad but I wish it would've been a few bucks cheaper. Totally worth it though. 
We'll be back next time were in the mood for pizza. 4.5 stars!