Delicious. So so good. Fresh guacamole, chicken was tasty and flavorful. Very reasonable prices. Loved it!Very solid place and Taco Tuesday is a great deal. The server is very nice every time I have gone. $2 tacos cannot be beat! Fish, shrimp and the steak tacos are all great.Gotta try it, been to many places from San Fran, Chicago, to Nashville. Top 3 in my crossings!Delicious tacos. Al Pastor was amazing. The woman at the counter was incredibly nice. Def going back.This place is awesome they have the best Mexican food in the city the service is great the food is great sometimes you may have to wait but as well worth it I suggest that anybody who finds herself down South Street you pass up any place else and make sure you go to Noras I tell everyone I know go to Noras I love you keep up the good work I'll see you on ThursdayI wish I would've found this place sooner. It is hard to find Mexican food that can match California/LA standards. This place is definitely some of the best I've had in Philly. Their nachos are great, their tacos are not bad either, authentic flavor. My reason for the 5 stars is the service that they provide, very nice staff, they were able to accomodate my request for the duros, the complimentary appetizer that they offer. This was the first time I was able to find these in a restaurant in Philly, I asked if I could get an order of these since it is not part of the menu, the cashier was able to make that possible. Great staff and great food! Their salsas are great too.Great food but they could clean up a bit more. When we were there the tables were dirty and a bin of dirty dishes was laying by the door. Just clean up and you'll deserve 5 stars!Had the chicken burrito and guacamole very delicious. The next day I tried one of each taco. They were all delicious but the chicken was my least favorite. The pork and steak tacos were super flavorful. I have 4 stars because the delivery takes over an hour every time and cost $6. Worth it though.Decent place for lunch.  I ordered via YelpEat24 and the order came pretty quick.  Had the Al Pastor Burrito bowl w/ guac and an empanada.  no complaints and i will definitely order from here again =]Tasty and cheap- tried all the tacos and not one disappointed! Go with the cilantro toppingsFormer SF resident, born and raised in the Bay Area. Been searching for a burrito I could devour with sheer delight. Nora's has finally delivered. 
Still not quite an El Castillito or La Taqueria or La Cumbre, but definitely hits the spot when we need one! Tasty salsa and guac too. Watch out, the burrito bowls are delivered on a plate, not a bowl. But still delicious...I spent much of the past few months scouring Philadelphia for the best burrito in town. I tried tens of restaurants hoping to find what I was looking for. My quest ended when I discovered Nora's. The ingredients are fresh, the service is excellent, the burrito is filling and *bonus* it comes grilled to perfection. If you want the best burrito in town, you've come to the right place.I ordered first time food was excellent, tasty and delivered quickly,  the chicken and rice dish was amazing, it even came with a small salad . I think they are great ,inexpensive and fast.  . Strongly recommend this placePrices are good for being in south st food was awesome and customer services was amazing I most definitely would be going back..Super cheap , really delicious. What's not to like? Friendly down to earth staff. Try the "El Pastor" tacos - amazing.All I can say is Yum! I'm a vegetarian so the selection was limited, however, I ordered on a split second decision because I didn't want pizza, etc. I got the chips & guacamole, zucchini taco (1) & the zucchini burrito bowl! Not only am I satisfied but am so happy I ordered extra to have leftovers for later! Ordering was super easy & delivery was prompt! I'll definitely either go there or get delivery again! Thank you for being so close & so yummy!I'm giving this place five stars because the tacos are the best I've had in south Philly. The neat is marinated and grilled and they don't skimp out on you either. Three tacos loaded with toppings will fill you up. I just wish they delivered  everyday.Our waiter was very nice. We had carnitas tacos and guacamole w chips. It was a lively time w good music. But the taco shells were overcooked and the guacamole chips were really pita chips.Every Taco was amazing & the amount of food in the burritos are ridiculous!!! Call ahead cause you will have to wait if they're busySi. All the si. Delicious. Authentic. Delicious. SI!!! Burritos are huge, tacos are on point, the churros....THE CHURROS (spellcheck)...best Mexican food in the area.Solid Mexican food. I lived in LA for 10 years & I would say that the tacos are authentic, solid, but not mind-blowing. The pastor was good. The fish taco was ordinary. The yellow rice was ho-hum. 
I also ordered a tamarind soda which was simply a Jarritos soda. Again, nothing special. 
If Im hungry for Mexican I'd order it again, but it won't make me c-c-c-rave Mexican like others allude to. Solid. Not outstanding.I ordered takeout from here and they were very friendly over the phone. My food was ready exactly on time and my tacos were absolutely delicious!The best tacos I've eaten in Philly- and such a great price too! The tortillas are fresh and everything has amazing flavor. I'm particularly obsessed with the salsas. Will be coming back and bringing everyone I know!Delicious food and great service. Was pleasantly surprised. We had the steak torta, taco combo, quesadillas, and nachos. Everyone enjoyed their meals and they made adjustments for the kids without any problems.Good service! Good tacos with generous servings! 
Even though it was a packed house during lunch time, the service was fast!This is a fun intimate place (few tables on first floor) with REALLY affordable prices. My friends and I were warmly welcomed on our first visit by a co owner wearing a sombrero despite our late arrival approaching their close time. Food is tasty but not exceptional (AND THATS OK) although my chicken was a little dry and seemed thigh not breast as expected. Portions are decent and fit the price. Their main waitress--VASI--is SUPERB in her attentive, genuinely caring demeanor. She ALONE is worth the trip!
And did I mention they serve complimentary margaritas that are as well made as the top notch restaurants in the city.I'm not really sure how I feel about this place. The tacos never settle well in my stomach, I've given the tacos more than 3 tries and they always make me sick to my stomach. Meaning as soon as I'm done I feel nauseated and cannot keep the food down. However, everything else I've had settled just fine and the taste is great. I'm not sure what it is about the tacos but I can't do the tacos. I will say I'm not a fan on the dark red sauce that comes on the side. Also the specials are not very consistent, and some of the things on the menu are not always available which is really frustrating if you ask me. All in all I will always go back just not for tacos.Best tacos I ever had! Simple but full of flavor, and the sauces are to die for. Definitely coming back again ! And the prices were great , which makes the experience all the better. All I wanted was a delicious Mexican dish, and I am so glad I gave Nora's a try. Don't expect anything fancy, just great food and service.Popped into this spot on a whim and their Tacos Al Pastor were pretty fantastic! My partner snagged themselves a chicken burrito and the look on their face said it all. Glad we stumbled into this place; we WILL be coming back!
Oh, and they had my favorite flavor of Jarritos Mexican soda there too!Excellent food, friendly folk, great value!
I live in the neighborhood and generally head down to the Washington Avenue part of town for my Mexican fix. I am so glad that Nora's moved a couple of blocks away. The food is excellent, cheap, the service is friendly.
Highly recommend the fish tacos- fish is not breaded- a big plus! The al pastor is also excellent. The burritos are sizeable. The horchata delicious. 
Go there. You won't be sorry.Don't try to call and get take out. Rude on my the phone and the food is never ready and half of the time incorrect.Best place to eat. Delicious food and great deal. Comes with free bottled drink. Definitely recommend this placeExactly what this area needed! I come here all the time and have yet to be disappointed.  Hope it stays that way.  Prices are more than reasonable and the food is fresh and tasty.  Love it!This place already has glowing reviews but I figured I would sprinkle some more love on this delicious south of the boarder restaurant. Theses no other recommendation I can make about this place other than it has the biggest and most delicious burritos!  Chicken, streak, pork.... Yep, they have them, with pork being my favorite to date. Enjoy!I had  beef tacos that tasted rancid. When I returned it to the kitchen, she said maybe it was because it had not  been refrigerated. Everything else was fine.Visiting Phillie from LA and have to say the food and service here is excellent, good luck to this placeThis is a place we would never think to stop into. It was a great experience! Our little ladies night is happening here every week. Lovely service, delicious appetizers and great drinks. Affordable prices!.. with great disappointment, I must update my 5 star review as the only redeeming aspect left of Nora's is Evelin.
After going here for a year and inviting other friends to join, Nora's service and food quality has drastically dropped off. We must have been here upwards of 75 times. The meat, preparation, and service has become subpar over time. The Al Pastor is no longer of good quality, and the customer service is non-existent.
After arriving to Nora's a half hour before close, we were constantly reminded by the employee, Jessica, that they close in 30 minutes.. someone who has taken our order countless times and we've left over 20% tip every. single. time, testifying to how well we treated Nora's and the lack of reciprocation. 
Mind you this is not a sit down and order restaurant, you order at the counter. Food takes no more than 15 minutes to prepare. And, for the record, we were even out of Nora's by 9:56pm, 4 minutes prior to close. If you want to be out of work earlier, close earlier. We didn't arrive at 9:56 and demand you keep your kitchen open. This is the food service industry, I and countless other employees stay past close every time when working in this industry. Don't make your customers feel unwelcomed, burdensome, and annoying for attending your place of business inside the hours of operation.
Furthermore, during checkout the software charges an EXCESS fee of $60 to my card, over double the $28 meal. This alone is an accident, something I do not fault Nora's for. However the handling of the situation I do.
The server tells us we must speak to a manager. She tells us a manager will be in first thing tomorrow and she is unable to fix this. 
When calling today to speak with a manager about the charge discrepancy today, I am told "I don't know" when asking when a manager will be in and abruptly hung up on. I call back and receive the same treatment, giving me attitude this time and hanging up on me.
EDIT: I call back Nora's back later and I am laughed at by "Joey", told "I already told you buddy, I don't know." and hangs up on me. All Joey told me was "I don't know". Originally when calling he even answered the phone and didn't acknowledge me for 15s, talking in the background to other employees. I call back repeatedly and still "Joey" answers. He can only say "I don't know", laugh, and hang up. Finally says I should come back at "9am tomorrow", 2 and a half hours before open. That sounds like a great plan, right? Completely disrespectful and disgraceful, gone from bad service and food to disgusting behavior and intentionally antagonizing customers. Inability to provide a window of time to contact the manager about a charge that is over 300% of the meal is outrageous, especially after the first window was inaccurate. In the time "Joey" took to mock and antagonize, he could have contacted his manager and determined a feasible window of time. Nonetheless, Wells Fargo will handle this discrepancy and strike the whole charge, an excessive annoyance for a place we've now given excessive business to be treated so disrespectfully. 
Fast forward, when we received our meal, the servings were less than 50% and the preparation was awful. The food was cold and tasted worse than ever. My friend's nachos were not even 50% of the plate and ours were so subpar I couldn't even stomach the Tacos.
My friends and I will no longer be patrons to this place and will NOW be ACTIVELY discouraging others from doing so as well after how we've been treated. I am not arrogant enough to believe that will impact their business, but others should be aware before  spending their money here. I am saddened as this was once one of my favorite taco spots, but now neither the food nor the service justify eating here.Great food at a reasonable price, clean, and great service. Spicy chicken over rice and the Mexican corn on the cob are fantastic.Horrible food. The food quality is going down, they're giving less and less food every time I go in. The tables are dirty, the floor isn't swept. The employee's attitudes are terrible. I don't know if it was the manager or the owner but they were yelling and cursing at their employees in front of the customers. The bathroom is a mess. The cook touvhes food with no gloves on, its disgusting. Never again going there. Don't recommend.Best Mexican Food ever! Great service ,friendly employees, and amazing food. I love Nora's. I work on South Street and I used to eat at Ishkabibble's, SubWay, and many others but when Nora's came around I stopped everywhere else and always take my business there. I definitely recommend them all my friends and family. I love their owners Luis and Nora awesome people!Great tacos. Lots of variety. Great prices. FREE margarita. I mean, that's awesome. This is a great little find in Philly - I got the 5 taco sampler, which came in under 3 bucks a taco, plus the margarita... great deal. Highly recommend for the value! And the tacos were simple but delicious. And very filling!Chicken over rice was a good deal, you get a soda. The good was very delicious. Not exactly authentic Mexican food but it was still very good.I work near Nora's and order lunch from there frequently.  I typically order the grilled chicken over rice, which comes with your choice of 5 or 6 sauces... though I almost always go with my ride-or-die; creamy chipotle!  The platter comes with a small salad as well, which in their new to-go containers is separated so the lettuce stays cool and fresh - an underrated difference-maker.  
The people at the counter that take the order over the phone and payment when I arrive are always extremely pleasant and always have the order ready on time.  I definitely recommend checking it out!The chicken taco was so good. The staff was friendly and we got our tacos about 5 min after ordering.Absolutely amazing. I'm Mexican and that was the closest thing to a real Mexican taco I've tasted in the states! I recommend the tacos al pastor. My taste buds are dancingThe food and service was excellent. The enchiladas verde was excellent.  They had terrific fried plantains, flan and churros.  Even the refuted beans were memorable.Great new taco spot on South Street. Very affordable, made fresh. Had the spicy chicken over rice with beans and salad, which was fantastic. Tried to correct the address & add photos of the restaurant so more people can find out about it. Good number of tables both in front and in the back room. Cash Only.I ordered from here.  After waiting 90 minutes I called.  First the lady told me it went out for delivery 25 minutes ago. I asked her why they waited an hour to make it.  She said they didnt they made it right away.  So I asked why they let it sit around for an hour.  She said they didnt, they just made it.  I asked her to honestly tell me the chances any of it arrives hot or edible considering two of them are nachos covered with all sorts of stuff.  She wouldnt answer.  I hung up.  10 minutes later it showed up.  Its disgusting. One box was smashed.  I wouldnt serve this to a dog.Horrible service. We ordered food and were quoted a delivery time of max 60 minutes. An hour and a half later, we called and they said the food was with the delivery person. It's been two hours, we have no food still, and the restaurant lied to us again and said they left it at our place. Never got our food.Nora's Mexican Grill has the best authentic Mexican food on South Street! I have ordered the Mexican Grilled Chicken over rice, Steak Tacos, Fish tacos. Everything on the menu here is really good and freshly prepared, cooked, or grilled. The owner and all the employees here are awesome, friendly, and very hard-working. 
The food is always made very fast and the staff does a great job letting customers know of any specials and new items. The customer-service focus aspect of any food/restaurant business is important to connect with your customers and Nora's does a great job doing that. I hope many people will continue to patronize Nora's Grill on south street we need good Mexican ethnic cuisine around to stay!This place I gave another chance and they did improve but that didn't last long. I'll say their soup is good but they try and be sneaky and not give you the tortillas that go with it if you get a cup size instead of a bowl. The menu says you get them when you order soup it doesn't specify to what size. Also the chicken over rice platter is awful now. Bland black beans and runny sauce and no longer comes with a soda like it used to. They need to get their quality right. They also want to charge like $9 for 3 or 4 rolled tacos that doesn't even come with rice and beans. That is a joke right there. Never again wasting my money.Delivery was slow, but my food was tasty. I ordered fish, chicken and steak tacos. I didn't like the salsa that came with the chips, but the chips were well seasoned. The churro I ordered was the best! I just wished it had some sort of chocolate dipping sauce on the side. Will order from again.The closest to the burritos I ate almost daily in San Francisco, and the best I've ever had in Philly. One suggestion: Please go less heavy on the rice, and a little heavier on the beans, as it's too out of balance with 80% rice to 20% beans ratio every time I order (so I've started asking to adjust). Also, would love to see you make Baja, Mexico style deep fried fish tacos in addition to the grilled fish choice you currently offer.LOVE IT!  I rarely eat Mexican food at a restaurant because I hate cilantro.  They do use some, but I don't even notice.  It is just simple, delicious food.  Nothing fancy or complicated.  Always wonderful, always consistent, and they are so nice!  So happy to have this in the hood!So good!!! Steak tacos are a must. The green sauce on the side was the perfect added touch!I ordered two fish tacos and a watermelon juice. The total was $7.50 and it was an excellent deal. The ingredients were fresh and put together very well. I shall return.Bought the chicken over rice with white sauce. Great affordable food in a small and cozy place.We found this place by accident, it is honestly a hidden gem. If you end up going, you must try their tacos! Their food is amazing, very authentic. The weather was perfect so the light breeze was coming in while listening to Latin music, in all great atmosphere! Server was on point, not expensive and let's not forget the free margaritas.Fish tacos are really good. Last time I ordered, however, it took nearly 2 hours to get to us, and they changed the delivery time in the Eat24 order status from 7:49 to 6:59 at around 7:55. When Eat24 contacted them they played it off like it was always 6:59 to cover their butts and gaslight me. Then they say it just left and will be there soon. An overworked delivery driver shows up with food that had clearly been sitting in the car for nearly an hour. Should have just made a peanut butter sandwich and called it a day. I'm not ordering from here ever again, and I like their food a lot. But I hate dishonest businesses and I hope they fail.Great new spot for quick, delicious, affordable tacos and burritos.  It reminds me of the mission style taquerias that I miss so much since moving back from San Francisco. The vegetarian option with corn and zucchini is fantastic. The owners, Luis and Nora, are very nice as well.Good food, reasonably priced. My chicken tacos were really good. The chips and Sala were also excellent.Never again ordering from here. They forgot my side of rice for my son and still charged me for it.! Call them and ask to speak with a supervisor and they said that there was no one there for me to speak to.Nora's has recently adopted a more "restaurant" type of format. You need to get seated, get menus, order, get food, and then pay. Standard fare if you've ever gone out to eat at any point in your life. I listed off the steps because during my entire visit it is painfully obvious that they have no idea what they're doing... every step of the way. My biggest complaint is the slow service. I didn't get my food until a little over an hour went by. So unless you have all day then do not eat here. When they finally did bring the food out they had no idea who ordered what. With all the ways you can customize Mexican food and seeing how easily they botch the orders up I'd think twice before trying to order a burrito how you like it. Wasn't sure how to pay because nobody was doing anything but at this point two hours went by so I just walked up to the register and told them what I got. When I told them how they didn't bring me my drink they were rude and snarky about it. So it is now my fault that you guys don't understand the basic mechanics of how a restaurant is supposed to function? Slow, rude, ignorant, and not worth your timeWe had food delivered and it was really good. The marinated chicken in the tacos was delish but my favorite was the guacamole and homemade tortilla chips. Oh my gosh! Amazing. I was impressed!Food was great, very affordable, and fast for lunch. Friendly folks too! If ever in the neighborhood again, I will definitely return.You can't go wrong here. Cheap, filling and delicious. 
     We've had everything on the menu. The fish tacos were delicious. The grilled chicken with rice and beans for $6 !! was great - the mole sauce was tangy and the white sauce a little on the sweet side. 
    When I'm feeling healthy, I asked for grilled chicken on salad, no sauce.  
     Hint - they'll also make it with grilled steak or grilled fish if you ask. 
     Everyone here is so friendly and nice.   Hoping for all good things for this spot.Love Mexican food. Love this place. The location is clean and  inviting. The food is  appetizing. Friendly staff. Eat in or take out either way you will love it. I strongly recommend the fish tacos.Nora's was a decent taco. 
The Al Pastor comes with a modest portion of pineapple marinated pork and heaps of condiments. The pork was not well-executed. It seems like they didn't let the slow heat hit it long enough. The bite was moderately tough. Flavor was more pineapple-dominant than Al Pastor I've had elsewhere. The vegetable toppings, while heaping, did not shine as being particularly fresh or flavorful. Think grocery store salad bar. They seem to be there just to kind of take up space. 
I should have figured that a place on South St would be subject to the tourist-inflation factor. This is not 4.5 star material. I would eat here again, the tacos are OK, not exceptional.So good! Fast delivery.  Al pastor Nachos and steak burrito and tacos were solid! Guacamole is fresh and simple.
We will definitely order again and try more menu items.While waiting an hour for my 3 tacos, I wanted to give them one star. However, the tacos were so yummy. I'm torn! I don't think they are worth the wait, but if it's not crazy busy... give them a try. 
Long wait-- yummy tacos.Love ordering from Nora's! Ordered three burritos, steak, al pastor and calabacitas. All were delicious and fresh. You high expectations will not be disappointed.The best tacos I have ever had. So flavorful, filling and substantial. Cashier is super friendly and kind. Location is cozy and convenient. I love coming here every time I'm on south street.Yelp reviews navigated me to Nora's; well that and I was staying in the same block on a trip to Philadelphia.  The prices are cheap for being located in an area that caters to tourists and prices are at a premium.  The staff is friendly and everything is made to order instead of made until sold.  I got a chicken burrito (huge portion),rice on the side, and chips with guacamole.  Again, cheap cheap cheap is the theme.  Total bill was around $12.  I could not finish all of the food and had the rest the next day for lunch.  Next time I am in that area I probably go back here.yummy. quick. friendly. bonus, you can order online on YELP! yay!!!!Omg- this place is nothing less than amazing! Currently my favorite thing to order is the fish & chicken tacos. I've only been 3 times but it is soooo worth it! For one the staff are amazing & then the prices are literally unbeatable! 3 very filling tacos only cost me like 6-7 bucks! Pshhh, chipotle who? I'm telling you, if you've never been here you gotta go! I don't really know what "authentic" Mexican food is, but their food is GOOD! They cook using lots of flavors, but everything still has this touch of simplicity, oh and not to mention, it's fresh! It's a "hole in the wall" type of place but you'll notice it when you see the Rita's water ice because it's literally like right across the street! Nora's is very easy to skip overExcellent Mexican food and great value - large portions and fast! I was looking for lunch and wandered in. They have tons of options for spicing up grilled chicken over rice. I had the creamy chipotle and look forward to trying salsa verde next time.My little family and I just went to Nora's for lunch.  I had the steak taco and the al pastor taco, a churro, and a mexi soda.  
I haven't had tacos this good since the last time I was in Mexico. They were simply perfect!  Served with a nice tomatillo salsa and a spicy mole salsa.  The churro was crunchy as it should be with doughy custard in the middle.  Almost as soon as we left, I was craving another.  Also, nice touch on the Cumbia playing on the radio ;)
South street has been experiencing what I would call a "food revival" as of late and Nora's is a fine addition.  I will be back here soon, often, and very hungry!!Came here on a Sunday with my girlfriend. We almost walked right past it and we came in and the people were friendly and asked us what we wanted the food was wonderful and it was probably the best Mexican food I've had in a long time. The staff was friendly and they took care of everything we needed and asked if we enjoyed on the way our definetly come here!Fish tacos with guac were awesome. Delivery was pretty fast too. Great food that won't break the bank!