we stopped in after our bus tour. We sat in the main floor bar area and ordered a couple of drinks. It was happy hour and he was sure to explain how it worked. Their happy hour ends at 7 pm but go upstairs and they have happy hour starting at 7 pm. So, we went upstairs and ordered two more cocktails. Ordered some happy hour food. Everything was great. We enjoyed the downstairs staff much more than the upstairs staff. We opted to leave once our food was gone. We would definitely return. This place was fantastic!It's an Irish Pub off of South Street with standard pub grub that is decent and drink specials that are pretty good.  They do karaoke on Friday nights and have some other options.  Overall its a pretty decent place to watch a game or grab a few beers.  For being so close to South Street it doesn't have an overly south streety vibe, which some people might like and some people might not.  
Overall its a place that I end up occassionally and usually have a good time but not a place that I seek out to go to.  It will probably remain in that vain for the remainder of my bar going existence.This pub has a great selection of beers. They also have great music and different events throughout the week. Wish I had one close to home.My first day in Philly was a hit and the bartender, owner and patrons of oneal's made it so. Unfortunately when I returned with friends, after talking up the places cheap drinks and perfect local atmosphere, we were let down hard. The skinny bald morning bartender was so rude and condescending. I almost was not sure I was in the right bar until I walked outside. You can have a good time here, but it depends on the staff.I know everyone else said it but really the best happy hour you can get anywhere. It's 4 hours long. 4:30-6:30 downstairs, then you just walk up the steps and there is happy hour 6:30-8:30 up there. The food specials are awesome. The food is good even when it's not half off. My friends and I are here pretty much every other night. Not like we are alcoholics but the bartenders are all ridiculously friendly, courteous and just on top of things. The Owner Spoonie, nicest guy, he even gave me his business card. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for not the tourist trap south street bull crap that every where else offers. O'Neals Is where it's at. The crowd is eclectic, but everyone who is a patron of this establishment will great you with a smile and introduce themselves to you. There are tons of regulars but they always welcome new faces. It's not a place where you walk in and everyone stops what they are doing and stares. I guarantee whoever you sit down next to will introduce themselves and ask you how you are. Check out their website. It has everything else you need. I just want to say Thanks O'Neal's for being a) so close to my apt. b) the most awesome bar ever.Irish named bars usually aren't my scene - having grown up around Boston, I had my fill before turning 21.  I decided, however, to take up my friend's opinion that this place has the best happy hour around South Street.  And he was most certainly right.
Draft beers $5 and under are half price - anything else is $2 off. Appetizers are also half off.  Everyone is right about this place having some stellar munchie food - we opted for the sampler, which included pierogies, fries, chicken wings, and chicken tenders.  All of which were prepared fresh, unlike most other places.  
The patio out back rules.  It was an awesome spot to spend a beautiful August evening.  This place was a definite surprise for me, and proof that not all Irish bars are terrible.  I'll definitely be back.If you overindulged, and are in the middle of a bar crawl, then this pub is ok to add to your list.  They do have a variety of Micro-Brew bottle beers, such as Dogfish Indian Brown Ale to Sam Smiths Pure Lager, Guiness, Hoegaarden, Boddingtons and others on Draught, and your basics; Budweiser, Miller, Coors Lite etc, but if you want to take a female companion, you might want to warn them to wear their rain boots if they use the rest room, because they may find themselves standing in a puddle.  Outside customers are welcome to use the facilities which is very generous, but unfortunately it has backfired.  The food is your average bar food if you want a beer and a quick bite to eat.  It could use something to "kick it up a notch" in all areas.  I'm glad I had a Groupon certificate to save half price, otherwise I would have been disappointed. Tina'sTwoSense!The best spot for beer and pub grub in downtown Philly!  Guinness Black and Tan as well as pierogies are  delicious.  See you soon Spoonie.I've played a lot of quizzo in this City but it was a first for me at O'Neals. It definitely won't be a last. 
First, unlike other places in the city, O'Neals wasn't super crowded/loud during quizzo. It was crowded enough for a good competition but not to the point of annoyance.
At first I was confused with the upstairs/downstairs dichotomy of happy hours but then found out that there were happy hour specials downstairs where quizzo was in addition to upstairs and was very happy indeed. Like other reviewers have posted, it seems as if there are endless happy hours here. 
Tuesday night it was Mexican beers and margaritas. For $3.50 the bartender makes a strong margarita.
My friends ordered the artichoke dip and while it wasn't the best I ever had, it was definitely worth the $7 they paid for it. Generous portion and tasted pretty good too.
O'Neals also has several televisions with a variety of sports for your viewing pleasure.We were craving some good, basic pub food and wandered into O'Neal's on a Sunday afternoon. The specials were unreal! $2 and $3 beers, and a few microbrews and imports were included in that price.
The wings were also spectacular. I'm really not a big wing gal typically; chewing on bones and tendons is just nasty to me. But there was a lot of meat on these wings--which helps things--and the "medium" sauce (they have lots of other choices for those who do want spicy...or really mild...or sweet) was spot-on. We also got something else, which I can't remember because the wings overshadowed it...but I have vague good memories. 
The atmosphere out in the back courtyard/patio was just really fun, too. A few groups were out there, and everyone was friendly and pleasant. There are ceiling fans on the cross-beams of the trellis, and they are growing different varieties of hops in planters around the patio. Really cool! Pleasantly surprised and will definitely go back.Great food at great price. Came here to see the band we booked for our wedding play in their upstairs area. Great experience and would come back againMy girlfriend and I have ventured over to O'Neals several times from preseason eagles games till now, and it's always enjoyable. Spoonie(the owner) is great. He seems like a nice old school guy who likes good company and we love coming here. One of my favorite bars to visit in philly.O'Neals is always a good time. The staff is friendly and helpful. Food is standard bar fare, but well done. Happy hour is easily the best in the city, lasts for four hours and the specials include food. The owners host a dart league and organize trips to sports events.
     While the place can seem a little fratty or divey from the street, the beer selection is incredible. There's standard stuff on tap, but they have amazing bottle selection. The staff is amazing. Walk in, they ask your name and treat you like you've been friends for life. Really a great place.O'Neal's is still my go-to bar. I go-to Oneal's way too frequently. They have great specials, an awesome waitstaff, and Mohamed cooks up some perfect bar food every time.Fade to light.
Typical small-town bar. Light wood interior, but dimly lit. The room itself is long and narrow. Though not playing in the bar area, music descends from a staircase that leads to a presumed dance floor.
A "bouncer" sits at the door checking IDs. The bar is lined with 20-30-somethings. Some stand. Others sit. A group of men flirts with a female bartender as she pours them one of a multitude of taps. (Local lagers, foreign IPAs and even a cider or two). There is a refrigerator with a collection of bottled brews. Beer mongers would be pleased. 
Three young women walk in.
Male bartender: You're not from around here, are you?
Young women (giggle): No
Patrons: Well that's alright. Pull up a chair, have a seat and order yerself a beer.
The women do just that. Chatter commences. Friendliness exudes from every nook of the bar. The women feel at home. Welcome, but not gawked at. Smiles and another round indicate the ladies' pleasure with the service and the regulars. 
They will be back. 
Fade to dark.This was my third time at ONeals- the biggest draw being the constant happy hour prices.  Seems they always have some sort of drink and food special going on.  First time getting fries and wings and WOW i would go back for both definitely!  Service left something to be desired we had to follow up with the waitress to actually order food.  Overall food and price are great- unique layout but would go back on a weekend night to see the DJ And rowdy crowd.  Also came out for Qyuizzo one night and it was fun but not the most conducive layout for the game.Sports bar (Pittsburgh fans, amongst Philly fans) perhaps but it doesn't stop me from hittin happy hour here... 
1/2 priced apps and drink specials downstairs 4:30-6:30 and 6:30-8:30 upstairs... pretty sure that's just M-F but not completely certain...
they have poker upstairs Mondays and Wednesdays @ 7:45 too
all around good food and environment !I can't believe I haven't written a review for O'Neals yet. I end up there all the time because the sponsor my rugby team (I swear this isn't biased) It doesn't hurt that I live on the same block.
O'Neals has a surprising beer list, and I mainly stick with the bottles. For the food, I definitely prefer their wings over anything else, even though I usually take them home and end up wearing them after a night of drinking. They serve food until 1 or 1:30AM which is useful now that Lorenzo's burned up.
I am not sure how anyone can say the staff is rude in their yelp reviews. Everyone there from servers to bartenders are great, and I think it adds to the fun atmosphere. It does get busy, so I know they aren't exactly going to be chatty.
Some things a lot of people don't know:
- They cater. If you have a group event and don't want to break the bank, this is a spot I recommend. It's not just pub food either.
- They have a back patio hidden through the bar. It looks and and feels nothing like the rest of the place. 
- They have growlers. Enough said.
- They make a mean breakfast sandwich and serve tots.
- They take Level Up which makes drunk paying so much easier.Because of a medical problem I don't consume alcohol, but nevertheless I am a big fan of O'Neals because the food is so good, and the staff and owner so friendly and helpful.  The cook (from Ethiopia !) has been there for years, and he is a whiz at fish-and-chips, stew, soups, and everything else you might expect at a philly pub.  The prices are quite reasonable as well.I'm a bit hazy on this one... I'm very often already half in the bag by the time someone suggests to go to O'Neal's. Can't tell you about the prices, or the food, or the beer selection (they serve a lesser know stout in place of Guinness) I still whole-heartedly suggest you visit O'Neal's if for no other reason than to see Rebecca the loveliest bartender I've ever seen. I defy you to find a flaw on this girl. She's worth the trip. Also, the regulars (especially the girls) are always very nice to me even though I'm already a goofy drunken beast when I walk through the door. Be good or be gone.My friend and I, who aren't always on South St., came here last night.  We were tried several bars till we got to O'Neals that was more of our scene.  For a Thursday night, there were people but not too many people and a mixture of age groups. I always love DJing on the jukebox and as Jill B., the music is really loud for what isn't a dance floor, but its a good volume and if the people are into the music, the volume brings a little party to the feeling.
Not to mention, some of the people I sat next to were regulars and both they and the bartenders made me feel welcome.  By the time I left, I already felt like a regular. Anyway, the beers were a really good price. I had 3 Yuenglings and it was less than $10.  I haven't tried the food yet, but Yelpers have said it was good.  I'll try it on my next trip and if I agree with fellow Yelpers, I may have to revise and give one more star.  But in the meantime, they impress me and my friend for what just was a Thursday night.O'Neals is the best bar! 13 amazing beer on draft, over 100 bottles and great food. Tons of TV's to watch any game you want. Not to mention by far the best staff and regulars a bar could have!Admittedly I believe that I visited this bar far more frequently when I lived in Chinatown. Having lived (according to the Yelp App) only .2 miles away for a number of months now, find myself wondering why I haven't been back sooner. My last visit was during one of the many blizzards of the 2009-10 snowmageddon. After joining forces with neighbors, my roommate and I decided that we would all battle the storm and head to Makos. We somehow managed to find what was sure to be the only 4WD cab in the entire city and asked to be driven to South St. Much to our dismay Makos was closed, but just down the street O'Neals lights were shining bright like a beacon calling us home. We shut the place down that night, not a natural disaster, no, just highly intoxicated idiots drinking too many Miller High Life's and chowing down on chicken fingers. 
Last night I learned from Suzanne (a fantastically friendly bartender) that O'Neals is open 365 days a year. In fact, they put out an entire Thanksgiving feast for those that can't get home to be with their families and open late on Christmas day so that no one has to be alone at the holidays. Talk about a classy establishment, hearing that made me want to cry! 
If I had nowhere to go for the holidays, this is where I would want to be. The bartenders are happy to work where they do, which translates into happy customers, the beer list is rather extensive with rotating specials, and I had a perfectly satisfying burger with somewhat overcooked onion rings for a mere $7. Other reviews stake a claim that O'Neals boasts the best happy hour in the city, I can neither confirm nor deny, but can see myself checking that out sometime in the near future. 
Tuesday quizzo with Johnny Goodtimes turned out to be exactly that...a good time. I think the general consensus was that we enjoyed his questions and format, the game starts around 8:15ish and he chugs along at a pretty good pace that we were done with four rounds by 9:30. Speaking of chugging, whether or not this is a regular thing it's still pretty awesome, JGT will throw down and buy a couple of beers (as an interlude) in exchange for some correct individual answers. 
This bar pretty much wreaks of win and I'm happy to have it so close to home. I'll be taking this off the back burner especially this winter, I have a feeling they'll be seeing a lot of me.we stopped in after our bus tour. We sat in the main floor bar area and ordered a couple of drinks. It was happy hour and he was sure to explain how it worked. Their happy hour ends at 7 pm but go upstairs and they have happy hour starting at 7 pm. So, we went upstairs and ordered two more cocktails. Ordered some happy hour food. Everything was great. We enjoyed the downstairs staff much more than the upstairs staff. Both were friendly and did their jobs. Upstairs staff seemed very uptight and the downstairs staff did not. We opted to leave once our food was gone. We would definitely return. We really liked this place! Nice paint job on the outside too.This is a good solid happy hour place. Most beers are 50% off from 5-7. They have other daily specials as well, including Quizzo twice a week. They even take Level Up at the bar (at least upstairs!)  So I paid $2.75 for a delicious Yards beer, and was able to pay with Level Up instead of having to get cash.  Score.The best thing about O'Neal's is the terrace in the back. It is beautiful. And the excellent perrogies and salads.Best bar in Philly!! Make sure you come see Phil the bartender!!! Karaoke is fun too!!  Try the chingers w ranch !Only stop by for an hour on October 17th. The service was great even though they were packed . They made us feel right at home . I had a Long Island iced & an angry orchard apple cider. . I ordered the Pierogis. They were delicious. It was such a friendly place. I can't wait to go back there. It's on 3rd st. Right off south . It can be a little hard to find & parking can be difficult with the Philadelphia Parking Authority out there constantly. Half the meteors don't work so your best bet is parking on front & south & walking up. Well worth the walk. Even better is going on a Wednesday night when parking is free. Either way it's definitely a great spot if you are around south street.After my 2nd time at O'Neals (in as many years) I can say that this is a fine little establishment.
My most recent visit which is the subject of this review was for their Tuesday night quizzo.  As someone who frequents quizzo weekly and tries at a number of places, I enjoyed myself here.
We grabbed seats and the bar and got our drinks.  The bartender was super nice and personable.  It felt like she was our own personal bartender even though she was serving the full bar of patrons.  Nice service.
I got to try some of their burger and onion rings.  Nothing super fancy at all but damn did it taste good.  This was in no way a gourmet, over the top, let's get it on food network burger.  Instead, it was simply presented and tasted like it had been cooked properly and wasn't previously frozen.
Anyhoo, good little joint and I can see myself coming back here.I like this place a lot. They have great bar food and their specials are really good. I believe they have two happy hours, one downstairs for a couple hours and one upstairs at a later time. You could enjoy specials downstairs and then head upstairs for more.
They also have really good sunday specials, $.25 wings and cheap beers. Good beers too like guiness and stella. 
When it is nice out they have back porch seating, which is so awesome. It's a really nice porch, you almost feel like you are at home sitting out there with your friends. They also have table umbrellas to shelter you from the sun if it is bright. We've never gone and not gotten a seat at the bar, at a table or outside. 
They also deliver food at certain times.
The only complaint I have is that they use Johnny Goodtimes for their quizzo and I am just not a fan of his (sorry, he seems like a nice dude) but I am completely spoiled with Rory's quizzo at Fado which is so much better organized and a lot more rounds.Just moved in around the corner on 3rd and South so we have ventured into O'Neals frequently. We mostly visit on Saturday morning/afternoon to grab a few beers, watch a game, and eat some GREAT food. 
Every time we've been to O'Neals they have always delivered on the food. We haven't been disappointed yet and their Chili is simply outstanding. 
Check this place out and make sure you talk to Spoonie (the owner) and Robbie, two great guys that make your experience highly enjoyable.In the unlikely event that I return to Philly, I would come back here first. It's been a few years, but I remember enjoying drink specials here and random conversation with the regulars. It's a casual bar without a hint of pretense.I like O'Neals. It's totally unpretentious, has a fantastic beer list and usually plays decent music. I met the owner before the LCD Soundsystem show at the TLA and he seemed like a genuinely nice guy. I will def. go back. Plus they have a cask conditioned beer pumped with the beer engine that, usually, is pretty good. The food is definitely lacking however and the crowd is a little, I'll quote Nicole R, "gropey middle-aged South Philly dudes"O'Neals is like living in a real life version of "Cheers". 
Hands-down, I friggin' love this place. Between the kick butt staff (I'm looking at you Phil, Robbie, and Kylie), damn fine drink specials, and just the general vibe about the place (and darts!), I am proud to call this place my local (even if I don't go as often as I'd like).
No fancy explanation needed. 
The End.Great happy hour specials every night and half priced apps.  The food at this place is merely a vehicle to push more beer and drinks.  So, it is what it is.  But, when I've had a few and would like some additional belly lining, a 3.50 quesadilla or nachos plate is just fine with me.  Then I can drink some more.
Owner, Spoonie, is very involved and focused on having his bar full all the time.  He does a lot to make sure this happens and deserves credit for being a good old school bar owner.  He is also very good with names and will remember yours - it's always nice being in a place where people your name.Best happy hour or place to start out you're evening! From 4:30-6:30 downstairs and till 8:30 upstairs.  Half off all beers $5 and under and $2 off any beer over that and their selection is not bad!  And Wednesday night is ladies night so it's half price drinks all night!  Also, half price appetizers and granted, it's not the best pub food around but some of it is pretty good!
Their new patio is pretty nice, and everyone is always very friendly as well.This place is pretty good. It gets 4 stars for 2 reasons. 1) the Saucy Suzanne is one of the best/cheapest burgers I've ever had. 2) the Chingers are incredible. I had the Shepherd's Pie as well, don't recommend it.Sunday night is the best night to go to this awesome establishment.  The $0.25 buffalo wings (inferno sauce) is the best wings I've had (outside of New Orleans) and $3 Guiness/Stella ain't too shabby either.  Otherwise, their sandwiches are awesome.  The staff is also one of most friendly in the city.  
This is also a great place to watch sports.  Great HDTVs.  The bartenders are not obnoxious as other places if you want to watch non-philly sports teams.Came in for a quick drink on our own little pub crawl. The bartender was amazing! She was super knowledgable and friendly, but the owner is a different story. 
We wanted to hang out with our group so we went to the patio and the owner came out and told us we couldn't smoke. No big deal, we don't smoke. But he was adamant that we don't smoke. He told us 4 times not to smoke, OK no s*it don't smoke. 
Then the proceeds to turn on all the lights, which was fine we didn't care. But he was a rude about why he HAD to turn the lights on. We said that's fine, and again he was adamant that he HAD to turn the lights on. And rude about it. 
I'd give this place 4 stars other than the rude, jerky ownerWe were thrilled to find a friendly bar that allows patrons to bring their dogs. Not being sports bar people, we weren't sure if we would dig the atmosphere, but we were pleasantly surprised. 
The food (fries, wings, dips) was decent bar quality, and we even managed to score a couple of spare ribs and a dish of water for the pup. The waiter was great and the beer selection a good mix of regular sports bar fare (Bud, Guinness, etc) and craft brews (Sly Fox, Yards). 
The owner, Spoony, introduced himself and fussed over our dog, Bella, which was really sweet. The TVs were at a volume where we could hold a conversation and the regulars seemed like cool people. The bar even hosts a dog Santa day each December, where you can bring your pet to meet Santa and get a picture taken!
Would give five stars except: really difficult to find parking, would like more craft beers, not a fan of sports bars. 
We would definitely come back for the warm welcome, great service, and puppy friends!Lovely place. Staff and patrons are very friendly. Food is good. Great deals on beers. Very relaxed atmosphere during the week. A good after work bar and good for Quizzo on Mondays!Very delicious bar food here!  Irish pub staples, plus fabulous apps and yummy sangwiches.  They call their veggie burger "The Hipster," which I think is hilarious and a nice touch.  
Great service, and a lot of neighborhood-y types sitting at the bar.  A lot of old dudes can be found here in the summer watching Phillies games on the TVs.  It's a nice vibe though.... they don't look at you funny or anything when you walk through the door with your pierced face and scary tattoos.  
Jenna C. and I went here last October for our birthdays (I'm the 8th, she's the 13th.... start thinking about presents), and our super cute waitress brought us chocolate cake shots, on the house.  I like O'Neals!  :)Came here last night for a quizzo tournament.  It was a tad cramped and completely baseball distracted but still a nice bar.  The food was good (I was very impressed with my Greek salad) particularly the apps (cheese fries, mozzarella cheese sticks, nachos) and cheap.  (Apps were 1/2 off).  I don't drink beer but I was impressed with the wine.  The staff was friendly and enthusiastic.  All in all a-ok.Awesome place to watch sports in Philly. Me and a few buddies came at 7am to watch the Russia USA hockey game this weekend. It was an awesome atmosphere and the service is amazing. Thy really take care of you and it really seems like a place that if you frequent, they will remember you. I will definitely be back to hang out and watch some more sports. Great booze and beer selections available as well an reasonably priced.Not impressed. Mediocre food, weak service. Better options with far more value and character in the neighborhood.i go to O Neals almost twice every week to play poker. they have great service (once a girl said she didnt know anything about beer and he literally gave her a sample of 7 or 8 beers so she could see what she preferred). i always get there for happy hour ( half off drinks ( or 2 dollar off if over $5) and 5 dollar appetizers). the drinks are nice but i am more on the fence with the food. the last time, i got the chicken nachos and despite how nice it looked, it was just tastless. i just felt it was put in the microwave or something. i also had the sampler in whih the wings were good but the pirogies were def not tasty. i will go back there because of the poker so i will prob eat and drink again there in the future but i would not gi there for just a night out with my friends.Bartenders Beau, Dave and Phil are super awesome ppl. Drink at the bar ,, they love their sports here, poker upstairs a couple times a week, and big darts here .Found O'Neals when looking for a decent bar to sit in and do homework while getting a beer.
It's a little bit off of South Street so you would expect for it to be crazy and touristy (like most of the bars on South Street) but it's actually not!  Hooray!  This is more of a family-type bar...by that I mean the people that come to this place are like a family.  I got there just in time for Happy Hour to start and I was the youngest person in the joint by at least a decade.  Some of the gentlemen in there had been there all day; one even made it quite clear he had been drinking since about 11am, another was talking about volunteer work and the Mummers.  I felt pretty out of place, but am sure if I came back a few times the people would be all about striking up conversation.
I don't think they have air conditioning, it was really hot outside and equally hot inside.  I weren't sweating like crazy I probably would have stuck around longer.
The bartender was extremely friendly and welcoming and I felt instantly at home when "hon" came out of his mouth....ah, a DC/MD transplant like myself.  He was attentive and checked up on me periodically and let me slave through my homework is peace.
I had a beer and a bacon mac n cheese and on happy hour I spent less than $10.  I will say, I was not a fan at all of the mac n cheese --it was virtually flavorless and seemed like an equivalent of restaurant-easy mac with bread crumbs and flimsy microwave bacon on top.  I will not be getting that again, but will definitely be back to try some of the other half off appetizers.  The beer selection was nothing too crazy, but I found something that was good.
Will definitely be back for happy hour!The bf and I ate here for dinner on Saturday, 8/23. Our server was excellent. I wasn't expecting much given the location of being so close to South Street but this is probably one of the best dive bars in the immediate area and I totally forgot how close I was to South St.
Our food was awesome. I had a chicken sandwich with side salad. The side salad was the biggest side salad I've ever had at a restaurant. The chicken on my salad was huge and was so good. My Bf's shepherds pie was also very good and I am usually not a big fan of shepherds pie. Portions are big and we had plenty of leftovers. The mac n cheese made for a great mid night drunken snack. The kitchen is also open so I couldn't help but watch the cook/ chef and he was wearing gloves and was very quick but also very clean.
There is also a decent cocktail and beer menu with all kinds of specials throughout the week.
The crowd was also very cool and inviting. A lot of regulars here but ones that are happy to see new faces.Good selection of bar food and beer. The owner is very friendly, as are the employees. Great deals during happy hour. Several big-screen TVs to watch sports. Oh, and I love that the first-floor bar area is pet-friendly!There's a lot to love about O'Neal's. First of all, every time I go, I'm impressed with how friendly and accomodating the ENTIRE staff is. You can take your pick for hang out locales- get squished downstairs, play darts upstairs, or chill out on the patio in back. They have great happy hour and nightly specials (2 for 1 appetizers, Wednesday is ladies night, Monday $2 microbrews, etc etc.) and prices on food are also completely reasonable. I recommend the Big Salad, though it's better pre-beer. O'Neals is also kind enough to sponsor Philadelphia Women's Rugby and allow us to occasionally take over upstairs for meetings, socials, and fundraisers. Solid beer selection as well, and usually not overcrowded. Upstairs is much more fun than down and they're pretty happy to turn the TV to whatever sports game you want to see.I didn't spend that much time at O'Neals, but the small amount of time I was there, I was VERY impressed by their beer selection, although there were some that were seasonal and I could not try, but it was a stop when I was there for beer weekO'Neal's is my go-to local bar. It's close to my house, it doesn't feel like South Street and the chingers are to die for. They keep me happy with good service and cider on tap. No complaints here!This is one of those places where I feel like the experience you have leans heavily on the time/day that you go. Went Wednesday evening for the first time, and it was pleasantly uncrowded. Hung out with a pup for a little bit and drank miller lite from a pitcher. Definitely not the fanciest of bars but seems like a good watering hole for people that live really close. Not sure I'd like it so much on a busier night, though.This is a great, down-to-earth watering hole.  Lots of people here know each other and know the bartenders.  Bartenders always give you service like you're a regular.  The beers on tap are fair with a spread of the usual imports and a few big name craft brews like Sierra Nevada, but they have an above average bottle selection.  Always some sort of special going on so you're never paying ridiculous amounts for beer.  And all the pub fare I've tried is tasty.  Try the "Chingers," lightly breaded chicken breast pieces in wing sauce.  Delicious.O'Neals is probably an okay place to drink beer (they have lots of beer specials) and watch a game, but the food is terrible.  The meat in the stew was very, very chewy (like they used stew beef but didn't stew it, so it was tough), the stew we tried had no veggies, and the other things we tried were flavorless.   I wish I had just gotten a burger.My volleyball team went here for drinks after one of our games because we heard the upstairs had an extended happy hour (6-8 pm). When we first arrived, there were a few guys throwing darts and they were taking up two tables, even though they had a whole seating area to themselves. That was a bit annoying considering there was about 12 of us. We ordered some drinks and appetizers. I had the margarita on special (half price) and we all shared the chicken quesadillas and spinach-artichoke dip. The food was your standard pub grub fare and luckily not too greasy, although the service was really slow. The place was fairly crowded, but there were more people downstairs than up.Really great chicken fingers, and wonderful staff.
The music is really really loud for a place that doesn't have a dance floor.O'Neal's has a fairly impressive selection of beer for an Irish-styled sport's bar.  The atmosphere has a sort of seedy-underbelly quality of which I'm not particularly fond given this usually comes paired with gropey middle-aged South Philly dudes (which are in no short supply at O'Neal's).  The food's not too bad either.  It's straight-up pub grub but it's like grub found in a real pub.  I liked the chicken fingers a lot and the Irish Stew was really delish.
They have pool tables upstairs, which is a plus. If somebody asked me where I was going this Friday night, I wouldn't immediately shout out "O'Neal's!!!" all excitedly; but if a friend wanted to meet there I wouldn't say no.This is a laid back place with lots of friendly people. Good drinks,games Tv's its like cheers but not as clean and bright and I did'nt notice any one looking like norm. But its a good place for hanging out. The food is average but when  your drunk the food is bomb.Great karakoke! Great upstairs! Great divey bar for us Chicagoans visiting.If you are Irish, enjoy sports, or have a huge Bier thirst Just show up! It's not pretentious. It's not putting on airs and neither should you.Really great place to blackout, Everything about this bar is great, amazing nachos and wings, service is good, second best bar in the stateThis is my favorite bar in this neighborhood. Good food, great people, service with a smile. Love Oneals!I like to stop by O'neal's to catch a soccer match or on Wednesday nights for their $2/$3 domestic special which includes (almost) any domestic draft (even the cask ale!)  
Decent selection on tap with the usual local suspects (dogfish, yards, stoudts, sly fox etc) sharing the towers with a couple imports and some good bottles tucked in the cooler.  And as I hinted to before, they've got a beer engine for us real ale enthusiasts.
Food is typical pub fare.  Spanish fries were good and the buffalo wings were HOT.  I like my wings HOT (so hot, in fact, that apparently only capital letters can emphasize how hot I fancy them).  If my nose ain't runnin' and my eyes ain't tearin' I feel ripped off, and these things had me.  Everything else I've had was so-so.  Not in a bad way, just nothing to shout from the hilltops.  
The staff is friendly and attentive (although on my most recent birthday I did get away with throwing up ON the bar, sneaking outside for a smoke only to return to order another shot of irish and a bomber of golden monkey without any accusations), the crowd varies, the regulars can be lend a chuckle and the bathrooms make the water closet on a plane look like an executive spa.When you walk into O'Neal's, you might be taken aback by the tremendous amount of dudes in the place.  They are definitely serving sausage there.
  Wade past all the "sweet dudes" who are high fiving each other at the bar and make your way upstairs or all the way to the patio out back.  It is really nice out there, with the owner having shelled out a few dollars to revamp the concrete slab/plastic table set up that he previously had.  Now, it goes for a kind of European cafe feel with spot lighting, big circular tables and comfy seats.  The even have a flat screen outside for watching the game in the elements.  
  The beer specials are 2.50, so four hours of drinking equaled two rounds at a club, and you don't have to yell or have someone's genitals rub against you.  Our server was great and didn't let the Vonnegut book she was firmly entrenched in get in the way of keeping my palate wet.  Beers were prompt and cold.
  I ate a burger and it was delicious save for the roll, and good god man, the onion rings were perfect.  
 Our tab came at the end of the night.  With four people drinking steadily for almost four hours, our tab was so cheap, one of our companions picked up almost the whole thing (sweet deal for yours truly).  I had a great time chatting up the server, the cook, the bartender and everyone else.
  It would be nice to be able to smoke on the patio, but I saw the dilemma with the fan blowing right into the kitchen.  Also, stock your pond with some ladies for a while to thin out all the swinging dick that blocks my path out to the smoking areaIf I lived in Philly, I would want to live close enough to make O'Neals MY bar.  It has such a cool vibe and an easy staff, it's almost impossible to wrong with their beer menu.  It's somehwat spacious for an Irish pub half a block from a main street, but I like to keep it that way!
I haven't tried the food, but appreciate that they have darts (and that I beat my husband in darts when we were there a couple of weeks ago).This is my go-to spot for Flyers games.  Happy hour is until 8:30 on weekdays, much later than most places.  The service is friendly and what you want at a sports pub.  Bo, English Robbie, and Suzanne....hooray!
The clientele is a typical sports crowd on the weekends, which I want to avoid, but I do enjoy the upstairs on weeknights.Love this place. The owner is friendly and in a great spot. Drink specials are great. Come support this local establishment in the heart of South Philly.Amid the chaos of South Street, there is an Irish escape.  
Great pub grub with relatively fantastic prices.  
The Philadelphian beer drinker will really enjoy this little nook.  And maybe after a couple pints, one might wander away from their sports-streaming flat screens in favor of some Friday night karaoke.  Or maybe you're just content with the very generous Happy Hour specials.Stopped in for a quick drink & a bite to eat. Bartender was in a rush to finish his shift. Ordered food & it was terrible!!! Deep fryer must have been very dirty. Got are food & could smell the dirty grease. French fries were nasty! My husband got up went to bathroom & got sick after eating a wing & half chicken finger. Got bill & left. Then I got sick! Went home & still sick the next day from that place!!! Not a friendly place. Both bartenders a little rude. Will tell all my friends & never go back!!!!!Love Oneals! The prices are great! Food is fresh delicious! Great  bar food and also healthy options. Staff is always friendly and welcoming. You must try it!Ummm they don't call him Johnny so-so times...or even Johnny OK times...they call him Johnny Goodtimes and man does that dude deliver from his "I'm here to party" shirt to his Ipod full of perfect tunes...Being that I can now consider myself a seasoned quizzo participant, I can honestly say this one of the better quizzo's in the city...and hope that us Yelp folk make it back there again...soon!  
For the other 6 days of the week, O'Neals offers a economy friendly menu that is pretty tasty.  I had the cheeseburger with a side of onion rings for $8.  Not bad!  The onion rings were the quintessential onion rings...big, fat and crispy!  These aren't some sad minced version that you find at some other bars....
The bartender was perfect and helped us with everything we needed...she even gave us the right answer to one of the questions, but we didn't take her advice....I didn't say we were bright.  We sat at the bar and it was the perfect kind of night that they had the doors open.  I was lucky enough to be sitting at the bar next to a handsome gentleman and his even more adorable dog...I don't think I have ever had the pleasure of having a dog sit on the bar stool next to mine...and probably won't again...it really was the perfect night...I know I already said that....
O'Neals seems like that kind of bar that you somehow ended up in years ago, but then never went back...but you should...you should go back...One of my favorite watering holes in the whole city. Not touristy, normally pretty crowded but not so much that you can't find a table, and a different drink special every day/night. Food is awesome, and the waitstaff are really great too. Great place to watch a game, and get a bit too drunk for a weeknight.4 hour long Happy Hour.  1/2 off draft and drinks, 2/1 appetizers.  
Good old irish/sports bar.  Good nachos, HOT wings, fries.  
Beer engine?  Futbol?  
Yeah.
Daily Specials?  Get drunk and pick up some bagels from next door for breakfast tomorrow?
Uh huh.   
Smallest bathrooms in the city.
I don't know why I don't come here more often.Pretty small, cramped bar, a bit divey. Fun karaoke, cool people, and nice vibes.I only sleep someplace else.  
My home away from home.
The food is meant to keep you drinking and fill you up a bit but if you want to try something comfort food good, check out their chicken nacho's.  You'll like it.  Trust me.O'Neals is aight. If you want a standard pub experience without any need for fancy food, come on down.
The tap selection isn't as extensive as a lot of places I frequent, but their bottle selection and reasonable prices really make up for it. The place has a really Philly feel to it, which I love. In terms of atmosphere, it's somewhere above dive, and far below pretentious NYC transplant trend bar, and it has a really good mix of people there any given night. Check it out and you'll know exactly what I mean.
I've had food here a couple of times, and it's nothing to really write home about - good in a pinch, but nothing that would make it a destination.
So, now, we get to what DOES make this place a destination in my mind: they have really fun karaoke nights that everyone really gets into. Also, you generally don't have to wait more than maybe 20 minutes for your song to get called because most people there seem to just spectate, clap, and sing along. No problem with that.
So, grab a few pints, and sing your heart out. On like, Fridays and Saturdays upstairs. Yeah.Bottom line - the karaoke DJ sucks on Friday. He actually swore and yelled at bar patrons.We got mac and cheese, fried chicken, and a side salad for $10. Fried chicken was very crunchy and had hints of honey. This is one of the best fried chickens I've had in philly. A lot of food, a lot of beers, and pretty cool staff. Oh yeah, AC... it's humid out and they rewarded us with the icy breath of the Yeti!