Came here on a freezing Thursday night with two friends and it did not disappoint. Perfect night for a hot pot. Service was good and the food was good as well.  Nice big selection of items. Overall nothing ground breaking but definitely nothing bad either. Very modern and in a good part of university city Penn campus.  I will probably come back the next time I'm back in Philly.This place was a disappointment and I was really excited to try it   I love shabu shabu and was hoping for what I had experienced in the past. The service was not good. I had two people taking care of me. One was fine but the other was lazy and rude. I simply asked which vegetables are included in the veggie combination and he responded with a little bit of an Attitude that he has no idea because it changes everyday.  It felt like I asked for his first born when I requested that he find out because I'm pregnant and would like to know. Finally, the other server stepped in to help. I'm never going back here. For the record, I spent $29 for mostly daikon and seaweed ties which did not even taste good and no meat. Overpriced, bad service. Not worth it.it's a shame this place is not busier or more well known, because the food is actually excellent. Their main problem is that the menu is a 10 in terms of difficulty level, with more rules and regulations and inexplicable things than a soviet handbook. nothing is explained well, menu choices shift from one day to the next, the specials make no sense. They need to radically simplify the menu and explain things better in terms of how many people certain things feed, minimum add-ons necessary. etc. People shouldnt have to think that hard about ordering. it's an olympic event here.I love this place. Got the duo hotpot with 2 broths, and loved the first broth! Amazing flavor, service was great. Get the angus beef!Very satisfying meal, good variety of items, though some things that should have been available weren't (sesame paste as a sauce, monkfish).Ordered the hot pot with the 2 broths and 3 components each (squid, fried tofu & mushrooms for him; angus beef, enoki mushrooms & broccoli for me)...the portions were great and the flavors were excellent.  A little expensive for a lunch but it was worth our first visit and definitely will be back!All the food is great, but a little bit expensive, Cause I can do the hot pot at home. But the other things are worth to try, like dry hot pot.Dry pot is very good! Haven't tried the hotpot yet. A little expensive compared with other options around, but worth it.Best hot pot in philadelphia hands down. I'm from central jersey where there is a ton of options for hot pot. 
Until this place came along, there hasn't been a decent hot pot place to write home about. 
Fresh ingredients, clean, very affordable price, and nice incentive for those who pay cashI've never been to a hot pot place so can't tell how good hot pot can get (the best hot pot was a casual one hosted by friends, we ate meat to our heart's content)
BUT. We did not have the endless sauces and super good broth that this place had.
I enjoyed this place a lot. Good food, comfortable atmosphere, spicy hot pot. I would come back again! But I do want to try eating at a hot pot buffet to compare, hahahaLoved trying hot pot for the first time , loved it so much that I took my mother a few days after. The service was quick and friendly, in a busy area but no wait .The food was good and the service not bad. My problem was with our waiter. We asked if the $17 all you can eat price was just Monday to Friday. His answer was that they have all you can eat on the weekends too. He misled us by not mentioning it costs $25 on weekends. So we were surprised by the bill. It's not good to deceive your customers.Pretty building, way too overpriced. Not enough food. Terrible slow service. Waiters who don't careMe and my buddy come here every time one of us is sick. All you can eat is a very fair price with plenty of options to choose from. Always hits the spot.THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. Everything is SO FRESH. Definitely prefer this place to AYCE hot pot, and it isn't too expensive either!
I was amazed and really appreciated that they had "run out" of certain items and didn't allow us to order some items because they were "not fresh". I have never seen this from a hot pot place and I felt like this made the ingredients even fresher. 
HIGHLY RECOMMEND ORDERING THE FISH BALLS!!!! I've never had fish balls like this before!!!! The inside is uncooked egg and when you cook it in the hot pot, it is AMAZING. 
The spicy hot pot is not actually that spicy!!! And it is completely doable, so do not be scared to try it. You can choose up to 3 different broths, which I thought was great considering most hot pots only allow for 2. 
Everything came super fast and I have no complaints except that I felt the beef was not the best. Otherwise, great service, great price, and fresh food. Skip the AYCE hot pot and come here instead because it's definitely worth it.垃圾的地方，all you can eat就是坑，各种另算钱，各位不要上当，差评差评差评差评，真的是醉了，xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
   #吃吃吃吃吃吃吃吃吃擦擦擦吃吃吃擦擦擦吃醋vvvvvv  the worst hopot ever，overcharged！！all the time，Very good food when you're sick and healing experience with the bone broth. Good option of meat to choose from with ayce. Recommendedit's been a hot sec since i've last had hot pot so my expectations were very low. walking in, the place is actually really well decorated and it legit doesn't feel like you're on penn's campus. the ambiance is like??? modern/trendy chinese??? 
service is quite bad and you have to flag down waiters but it wasn't even that busy when i went? so be prepared to be eating for a while if you have to order multiple times. optimal party size is probably like 3-4 people
food is for the most part pretty good. would recommend the thin beef slices and SPAM. would not recommend quail eggs because the yolks were weirdThe food and broth was pretty good but the customer service was terrible. I did not appreciate how my server basically forced me to tip him, and as a college student just looking for a good and easy place to eat hot pot on a rainy day, I couldn't afford the extra tip. I tried to explain to him that I knew the tip wasn't included but he would not budge and rudely forced me to tip him. I was very disappointed in their crass behavior.Very sarcastic manager. The menu was not clear on the price for one type of mini pot. It says big pot adds $9.95 and no mention on mini pot. They charged mini pot the same price later and when we approached them for an explanation, they said "oh, it takes the same material to make either mini or big pot" and "we typically don't make mini pot for this type". Then put it out clearly on the menu! however, under another type it says specifically mini pot adds $2.95 and big pot adds $5.95. The menu was very misleading for customers and the manager was being very sarcastic. After giving no satisfying explanations, he ended up saying "oh, it is just ten dollops, just make them happy", with a frowning face. This was very rude. It is not just a couple of dollars but the whole attitude and being very misleading on the menu.Penn and Drexel both have a huge number of Asian and Asian American students, so no wonder every month a new Asian restaurant springs up in the area. Ochatto opened its new hotpot place across the street, beside the International House.
I haven't tried their hot pot and have no intention of trying it either after the bad experience I had with its regular menu. The food swims in oil, is extremely salty, and the portion sizes are smaller than an infant's appetite. Enough said!Great place!! The hot pot is super tasty and with fresh ingredients. Perfect for a winter day.
10% if you pay with cash!!Awesome hotspot ,not too pricey and affordable.the vegetables came out to be really fresh and crunchy,the meat is really tender and soft .i would definitely come back to eat more.I ate hotpot there!
The meat is not fresh! 
The price is not clearly marked! 
The environment is bad!
So don't come here even if you want to eat hotpot badly!Really bad customer service. I was told that waiting is fir 15 mins but waited for more than an hour. Then when we got seated, the service was unprofessional. The price is jot worth of the food. Wouldn't go there again for sure.Good food and service. I ordered coconut juice, but they gave me a canned coconut milk instead. They are not the same thing !!The restaurant is not all you can eat like Nine Ting and is more expensive than Hippot Shabu Shabu, both located in Chinatown. At first glance the glass they give us with water was dirty with smudge marks everywhere. The water was obviously sink water that starts fizzing immediately, a characteristic that unfiltered sink water has. They offer 10% off if you pay cash only (which is extremely shady) and the service is mediocre at best, because they are not trained correctly. 
Aside from that, I had one issue which was the price of Red Clam, a type of seafood that is traditionally eaten while eating shabu shabu. It was $8.50 and came with 4 tiny pieces, and we didn't even finish half of the red clam. I asked my server to speak to a manager about the pricing and the manager came with an aggressive tone of voice as soon as he came to our table. He asked about the red clam and what was the issue so I started to explain, saying "the red clam was really expensive for only 4 pieces, I asked our server about the picture [that depicted the red clam]..." then the manager immediately cut me off and started being rude and increasing his tone of voice. I told him his demeanor was extremely unprofessional, especially after introducing himself as the manager of the restaurant. He started trying to defend himself, saying things like "I have 3 restaurants around here" and trying to be even more rude to us. He offered to take the red clam off, saying "$9 is nothing to me." I told him no it's okay and he left our table. 
All in all, my entire experience at Ochatto Hot Pot was awful and will not recommend this location to anyone.Best hot pot in Philly! 
-Food is SO fresh, we wanted pork blood and the waiter actually told us it wasn't fresh and wouldn't serve it (first Chinese restaurant that has ever said this)!
-Portions are pretty large, we had a party of 4, and total came out to $89, plus tax and tip, was about $26/PP. So a little pricier than AYCE but SO much better in quality 
-Soup base was actually very tasty; we got the hot and spicy (spicy), tom yum, and spare rib; would highly recommend going for the trifecta, each soup base is so different and the pot spaces it out very nicely so you don't feel like it's cramped
-Had frog legs as appetizers, and those were SO tasty! They had a strong cumin flavor but were very crispy and best of all, super fresh.
Food was fast and service was attentive, definitely will come again!Went there Saturday with my hubby to try out this place for the first time. We did the lunch special which is a reasonable price. You can pick one item for $9 or 2 for $12. Since we was our first visit and we wanted to try out my food options we decided to do the pick 2 for $12. I got the pig kidney in chili oil and broiled fish in chili oil. My hubby for the double cooked pork and chicken in chili oil. The portions are decent size for the price. We enjoyed all the dishes we ordered. The pig kidney in chili oil was our favorite and the chicken in chili oil was our least favorite. 
The reason why I gave this place a 3 star rather than 4 because it took about 40 minutes for our food to come out. We waited 30 minutes and notice people who came after us for their food and we waiting. So we called the waiter over only to find out that they never put our order in.Ochatto has done it again! I was so excited when I saw that a hot pot place was opening in University City just in time for winter. Very flavorful broth and lots of options to addGreat place to go for all you can eat hot pot! But the waitress was taking so long on our order. We ask to add more food, he didn't get the order correct and also took so long to take the food out.. But otherwise is great!Delicious soup base, and nice atmosphere. The hot pot table has a nice fancy machine with a strainer that rises out of the soup so you can easily pick out food. The hot pot menu has all kinds of meat, seafood, and veggies. There's also a nice barbecue menu. The food is clean and very well presented, and the staff is very helpful in explaining how hot pot works and they provide good service.
It's worth, would come again.This is my first time in Philly. Starting this trip with stomach warming hot pot is probably the best idea in the winter right now.Great hotpot spot in Ucity. The decorations are clean and modern. Highly recommend the sauce bar, ton of selections! Will be back!Great place and great service! I'm from Chengdu and I'm really happy about the food & sauce here!Having a great time at the newly opened Ochatto Hotpot restaurant, loving their beef and veggies!This male waiter "accidentally" touched my butt twice in a row. Accident or sexual harassment? If any other woman has similar experience, please publicize.
The food is good but the servers are unprofessional.It's my second time coming to this place and I truly love this place. First time I came here was w a frd and we got the half/half soup and chose the tomato soup and hot and spicy soup. The spicy soup is indeed super spicy. I had to mix both soups and even doing tat didn't do justice for my mouth. Anyway, aside from The spice, they offered a selection of meats and veggies. We got the chicken which was so thinly sliced tat it literally cooked in less than a min. We also got potato noodles w fish tofu, needle mushrooms and some meat balls. They also offer a variety of sauces from their sauce bar. 
My second time was w my bf. We got the tomato soup w fish tofu, shrimps, needle mushroom, vermicelli noodles, chicken and salmon
The place has a Morden feel and upbeat music playing in the back ground. The service is wonderful. When ur soup starts to evaporate the server will come around and add more soup. 
Each visit is always ends w a happy stomach. I would definitely keep coming hereNice place!  Definitely a must-go.  Very good environment, delicious and authentic food, world class service. Really love it!Worst experience at a hot pot restaurant I've ever had. Will not recommend to anybody that I know. 
The prices are not proportional to the amount you receive. The servers are not properly trained for a hot pot restaurant. They have too many workers for the amount of people dining in. Even still, they are not accommodating and wait until you try to get their attention.
Some of the plates are not clean and the soup base we got was filled with oil that it was dripping off all the food we put in.  
Im not pleased with my experience and the only positive I could see is that we received a percentage off because we used cash.Hearing Ochatto have another restaurant, I knew I have to give it a try. So of course this is my first dinner back in Philly. 
Pros:
- Amazing decorated restaurants located in the heart of university city
- Friendly standard service brings a smile to my face 
- Menu offers more than just hot pot and well-known Szechuan dish 
- Spicy hot pot is very good and personalized to your liking
Cons:
- Could be a bit pricy, each topping is around $5-6Ochatto Hot Pot is the only Hot pot restaurant in University City. Despite it's location, the food is great as well as the customer service. Knowing that it is a brand new restaurant that has just recently opened, I except great things about this restaurant in the near future.I'll start by saying there is a lot to choose from on the menu. This is where the confusion starts if this is not the type of cuisine you are familiar with. Luckily I visited a hot pot restaurant while vacationing in Seattle, Washington. Although ordering was still problematic when communicating with our server. I kept it simple by ordering the dry hot pot of chicken, vegetables with white rice. The other two ladies had vegetarian dishes of the hot pot with a curry and coconut base, fried tofu the other had eggplant, the soup base I don't recall. 
Based on a ladies comments they enjoyed both of their meals. The flavor of my dry pot was basic it was spicy as advertised but as far as flavor nothing special. The colors were beautiful and the presentation was nice.  Our food arrived fast and hot. Would I come again? I probably would to try something else but my expectations aren't that high when it comes to flavor.This hot pot place is a decent addition to west Philly. I typically do hotpot at home as it is so cheap to get all the ingredients. This place is not all you can eat and the variety is not amazing but the food is fresh and delicious. 
For the price, this place is pretty decent. I think our group of 6 spent around 17 each. Which is much better than 25-28 for an all you can eat place and I didn't hate myself afterward.
I would come back again if my friends wanted to eat hot pot and I didn't want to hate myself. :)I was there with two coworkers for a Friday hot pot lunch. We ordered bone soup and tomato soup as soup base: both were good. There were plenty of tomato in the tomato soup, and the tomato tasted especially good after a while since they have soaked up all the flavors from our food. The most amazing part was the pot itself: there was a secret panel under it which can be lifted by the electronic control so that you don't have to search for your food among the soup. Meat and vegetable were fresh. Service was good as well. Will be there again!Sometimes I'm up for something different. I think I've had hot pot before, but after a few concussions i cant quite recall, hah.
Walking in blind and looking like an ignorant american white gringo, the staff made me feel at home. I was just looking for something simple today, so Rejuvinatiom Herb Broth amd tarro it was. I gave them a good chuckle when o asked of i just pickup the bowl and drink it or what?!
A great pick, good soundtrack in the background, and a full stomach of wonderful soup on an arctic blast day make this a great spot to come back to. Next time I'll bring some friends who might have half a clue as to what they're doing with this yummy grub!Staff was not interested in helping me order from the menu.  Left without eating. Nice venue.Amazing. Wonderful experience and food was top notch. I was scared at first thinking imma mess up for cooking my own food but in the end everything was fine and everything tasted amazing.Amazing hot pot! Very authentic Szechuan style. Make sure to get the Spicy Butter broth (extra $9.95). Totally worth it!A glitzy new hot pot spot has opened in University City.  It's called Ochatto and it is already quite popular - especially with the Asian students at Penn.  Though there are many other offerings on the menu, I wanted to try out the hot pot and I wasn't disappointed.  This is not an all you can eat hot pot but you select your ingredients ahead of time.  There is a large sauce bar to avail yourself of.  I had the duck breast, fried tofu, and standard noodles in the spicy broth.  A bit of the duck breast was too fatty for me but beyond that the meal was fine.  Everyone is very friendly here and the only glitch was that I was overcharged for the wrong noodles but I needed to get to a movie on time and had no time to correct it. I don't like to be overcharged ever (it was only a $1.50) but still it shouldn't have happened.  There is a 10% reduction if you pay in cash here which is a very good deal.The place is not all you can eat and for someone to get full you need to spend a lot of money or order tons of veggies and noodles and drink the soup. Service was also terrible. A group of wanna be cool teens are the wait staff who seemed more like the owners friends than actual waiter. They openly saw me signaling for attention and instead just ignored me and sent someone else over after a few minutes.Have to begin with disclaimer: As a real Chinese person, this review is for other Chinese friends out there who are looking for real Chinese flavor and spicy taste. 
中文评论在最后
With that being said here is the review. 
----------------------------------------------
The best way to test if the hot pot broth is tasty or not, is to boil veggies in there.
----------------------------------------------
We get in on a regular Saturday afternoon around 440pm and left at 6pm. We are the first one to get there and by the time we left, there are only two other groups. We were there for hot pot since that's what they are known of. To enrich the flavor, we had the "beef oil pot base", hoping that the rich oil could add more tastes into it. When it comes to pursuit in flavor, $16.99 is not an issue. However, as disappointing as this two star, pot smells good but tastes like water. The veggies boiled in there have no oil absorbed therefore no flavor at all! All the flavor are coming from the dip sauce which is not the way it supposed to be. Quantities are small comparing to the price. $40+/person (includes tax and tip) and left still hungry, very pricy.
The service is alright until the waiter ask for more tip. Since we are paying cash and found not enough cash to hit that 18% tip. So I left him about $10. Waiter took over check book and said the minimum tip amount is 18%. It is the rule here, matter of fact he said is the rule across the industry. Have no idea that I must tip and must hit 18%. I just simply hate it when they ask for tip without providing the service which I feel like worth it. 
Left the place unfilled and unhappy. 
牛油锅底料锅里居然还没油没味道。锅里煮的蔬菜就像白水煮的。两个人吃了$80量少奇贵。买单时候服务生居然说餐饮行业的规定是必须给18%小费。差点就当着服务生面去问邻桌的白人有没有这规定。小费我可以给，但你不能来要。毁了整顿饭的心情This place serves authentic Chineese food in different styles.    You can do the hot pot, where you have a pot of broth on a induction plate and add your ingredients to it.   Sort of like melting pot but much more flavorful.   You can also order off the the menu with shared stir fries and many other items.    I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food.   Highly recommended.  I have eaten here twice and will return.    This place is great for a parties larger than two.   It is also good for a party of two.Impression: this place LOVES their cumin powder- as in they do hot pot or skewers and everything in skewers is powdered in cumin- may as well call themselves Cumin Skewer. Skewers were pretty good- liked that they had veggie options like asparagus, cauliflower, mushrooms, and peppers (dusted in cumin of course)- it can get super busy so make sure you flag your waiter down aggressively if you need them. Good place for friends- wait times can be long so call them ahead of time to make sure you get a spot! 
What we got:
1. 3 cup chicken - they put Basil in this which I was pleasantly surprised. It's like a crispy chicken with basil sweet savory sauce over it. Comes with rice. 
2. Garlic pork and bamboo and mushroom stir fry- also a good choice - a little spicy. Comes with rice 
Skewers- we got the chicken, beef, and the sausage. Again call were powdered generously with cumin. You don't need to use their sauce bar for these skewers bc they are flavored enough already... just in cumin. 
Service- they seemed very overwhelmed and busy like a live Betty's Diner computer game with sweaty and concentrated looking people in black t shirts and manga colored hair. But it was dinner so maybe that's the way it is. 
Good place for friends and hang out. Skewers were about 2-3$ each so it stacks up quickly if you are hungry. There's a 10 percent discount if you pay in cashEnvironment: I really liked the environment of this place. It was new, sleek, modern, and open (in terms of space). The lighting especially at night wasn't dimly lit but actually the opposite, very bright!
Service: Excellent. Although I can't speak for the times it is busy, the waiters were extremely attentive and had a great sense of humor. They had great recommendations for the hot pot between the 4 of us and filled us just enough. At first we were skeptical when they asked us to order 7 dishes when he got the dual-combo hot pot but it was a good call by the waiter in the end.
Food: There was most certainly nothing to complain about! The fatty beef, black pork, enoki mushrooms (some of the most classic things in hot pot) were excellent. The textures were soft and they really did an excellent job even with the presentation~
Price: To eat to a comfortable satiety, we paid around $17.17 after tax and tip for the 4 of us between 7 dishes. Definitely didn't feel like it was extremely expensive but it is definitely not one of those places if you are looking for $10 and under.Food are not extremely fresh. Hotpot soup was not very authentic. Just a convenient location for lunch with fast dishes.honestly i've had better hot pots in bathrooms. the worst part of the experience was the way the waiter HIT MY SON, i demanded a REFUND but they wouldn't GIVE IT TO MEStumbled across this place, figured we would give it a try on a cold rainy day (perfect for hot pot). And here is what I walked away thinking:
- Food = good overall, nothing special but nothing bad
- Prices = decently priced but not worth, they charge you for every little thing and the portions are small, not ideal for sharing if you have to order multiple of the same dish 
- Service = awful
Which brings me to the main point of my review, the service was extremely disappointing. From the looks of the restaurant, they are certainly overstaffed. Only about 3-4 tables were occupied when I came to eat, yet there was waiters and hosts and bartenders all over the place. You would think that they would take good care of us having all these people...we were ignored basically the entire time. We had to keep trying to get their attention to ask for the bare essentials, which I think is unnecessary. All on separate occasions, we had to ask them for water, for spoons, for napkins, for bowls, meanwhile the entire staff were just sitting around on their phones and iPads during our meal. They probably thought we were asking for too much and being too troublesome for the amount of service we had to ASK for. When I asked for bowls, the guy just pointed and said "they're over there". Idk maybe it's me, but good service would have just gotten for the customers, I had to get up, walk all the way to the back of the restaurant mid meal just so I could get bowls for my table since my guy went back to playing on his phone after he pointed it out to me. 
Won't be returning, solely because I was not impressed and I felt like I served myself the entire time and that's not what we pay for.This place is super delicious and the staff is all very nice! The Beef Balls with Pork are particularly delicious.A small group of us came here for hotpot & had a pretty good time. However, a major problem with the service is that, for the All You Can Eat meal, staff repeatedly gave us worse food than what we had ordered.
THE GOOD:
Food is good. Hotpot ingredients seem fresh. I like that they have an option to have up to 3 soup bases.
Sauce bar has a good selection.
The spicy Szechuan buttery soup was tasty, but I'm not sure it's worth the $9.95 surcharge. There are other broths that taste good too.
PROBLEMS:
An ongoing problem was that the staff consistently failed to give us what we ordered. We ordered Fish Balls with Fish Roe several times, but they kept giving us a mix: some fish balls had roe like we asked, but half of the balls were some random other kind. It seemed like they were purposefully giving us fish balls we didn't want so that we'd fill up on eating foods we hadn't ordered. (Fish balls with Roe have a pointy shape & look very different from the random ones they gave us.) This seems sneaky and dishonest -- for the AYCE deal, they claim we can order what we like for $24 per person, but then they repeatedly gave us items we didn't order instead of giving us what we did order.
SUMMARY:
Staff was friendly, but service was not good, since they did not bring us everything we ordered. 
Food (the items we ordered) was around 4 stars. The food items we received but didn't order were around 2+ stars.
Without the service problem of passing off worse food on us than what we ordered, I would have rated Ochatto Hotpot more highly.Not what it used to be... We have not been there for a while and were disappointed. I ordered a miso soup and a tuna sashimi salad. My husband ordered a bento box. The waiter brought the bowl of soup by hand. His thumb was a millimeter away from touching the soup. Yikes! - A tray would have helped. Anyhow, I decided to ignore that. Then, it took more than 15 minutes for my salad to arrive. My husband's got to the table much earlier, and that was a bento (?). The salad I got was more like an appetizer size presented in a large dish. On the Menu, the dish it was described as "8 pieces of sashimi over mixed greens". I got 8 small and thin pieces of sashimi around a handful of iceberg lettuce! When I mentioned this to the waiter, he said that they did not have mixed greens (?). I think he should have mentioned that at the time I placed my order. The waiter did nothing to correct this neither offer an alternative. The price of the salad was $12. The price of the bento was $11. A rip off.Stopped by with a group of friends last night because of the nice decor and hot pot sounded like a great idea in this cold weather. The atmosphere is awesome due to the music and the friendly staff. They give you a menu and a pen and you check off on all the things you want to get. I was surprised that they had other things on the menu besides hotpot; skewers and customizable mixed spicy bowls that remind me of Asia!! 
Compared to Nine Ting and Hippot, the prices are a little higher because this is not an all you can eat, but the quality of food you get is incomparable. Everything is fresh, clean, and beautifully arranged. The interior is pretty modern and so is the music. After you get your filling of food and if you still have room in your stomach (which you probably won't, but your eyes tell you otherwise) you can take a walk to Caffe Bene, which is right around the corner, and get some drinks or dessert and digest. 
All in all, I will definitely be coming back again!Best hot pot in philadelphia hands down. I'm from central jersey where there is a ton of options for hot pot. 
Until this place came along, there hasn't been a decent hot pot place to write home about. 
Fresh ingredients, clean, very affordable price, and nice incentive for those who pay cashIt's a new hot pot restaurant in University City with nice decor. Since I'm a hot pot fan, I give this place four stars. The hot pot bases are good in general, and I like their three-base large pot that can be shared by groups, so you can try different hot pot bases with your friends.
I usually have my hot pot with spicy base because I'm from Chengdu. The spicy base is around the same level as Nine Ting in Chinatown. It's okay, probably at an acceptable level offered outside Sichuan/Chongqing areas, but not authentic enough from my point of view.
The biggest problem here is service & management. The waiters seem not well-trained and the restaurant management is quite messy, which definitely can be improved.I've been here twice and had the $20 all you can eat option (once on Saturday lunch and the other on Sunday lunch). I would suggest getting the hotpot split with spicy and the mild normal one (sorry can't remember the name). When we just got the mild one, I don't think the flavor is as concentrated so it definitely tastes water downed. We got two rounds of vegetables and meats for 5-6 of us. 
The service was fast and relatively attentive. There was never too much of crowd when I came so we never had to wait. 
There are also other family style options I saw, including a giant lobster and this giant rice stove dish.The food is good, but the menu is misleading. We ordered all you can eat but the menu shows all you can eat and other food with extra price on the same page. When we ordered, the waitress didn't remind us that some food we ordered is not included in the all you can eat list and charged us almost twice the price. I think they are misleading, deceiving and cheating consumers. Though the taste of hot pot is reasonable, I don't think I'll ever come again.
What's worse, the plates and soup bowls are not clean. The servers are not well trained and one of them even stopped us from eating more. As long as you do not only focus on the taste of food but also food quality, service and whole experience, please do not come.After reading many of the reviews, the two of us decided to get hot pot on our first day in Philadelphia. Many choices of broth that's  $3.99 per person per broth. You can get up to three. Then you get to choose your toppings or the meats, seafood, noodles, and vegetables you would like to be put into the hot pot. It's actually a pretty hard decision. 
We went with snowflake beef(so so), shrimp pork balls (very yummy), combination vegetable(came with cabbage, lots of kelp knots, spinach, potato(strange), and mushrooms, and mussels(so so).  Not sure if we 'll try this place out again. It was good bit overpriced for hot pot. We ended up spending about $80 with about 3 beers on the menu. I think I prefer the all you can eat option because the quality wasn't comparable to the price. Service is a bit on the bad side but not the worst I've ever had in an authentic Chinese restaurant.
Oh yeah! Don't forget to make your dipping sauces and don't try to eat one of the Thai chillies.This is a fantastic hotpot spot, with a ton of variety in their selections. The ribs here are absolutely amazing and definitely my favorite protein. All the standard hotpot meats and veggies are present too. 
The sauce bar has a great mix as well, with some homemade garnishes and at least a dozen choices to mix and match. There are also 9 different broths available for your base soup stock. I'll definitely be back again to try all of them out; I haven't even began to scratch the surface of all of the treat combinations here yet.Very disappointed so that I decide to register yelp to speak out and let people know how awful their service is as many people have already stated!!! If there is other choice, DO NOT go to this restaurant. 
My wife and I went to this rest this evening, and were immediately surprised that there seemed more waiters than customers. while, it doesn't matter too much for us. We ordered 5 types of meat, and 3 types of vegetables for the hot pot. After we ordered, we realized that there are combos for 6 types of meat and 3 types of vegetables with cheaper prices than separated ones. So we asked the waiter is it ok to add one type of meat and change them to meat combo and vegetable combo. The waiter told me actually the prices are similar that there was no need to change, but finally agreed. Actually price for combo is cheaper than separated ones. I double confirmed with the waiter regarding the price for the two combos in case there is any problem.
When we eat a while, the problem came: the same waiter came to our table, and told us we need to pay the price for separate ones because the portions is less for combo and they just served larger portion for separated ones(actually quite small portion). At the same time, another male waiter come, and also insisted I need to pay the price for separated ones for their own mistakes. I refused and asked them to show me the description regarding the portion difference on their menu, otherwise I wouldn't agree. 
Then their manager(another male) came with a rude and aggressive question in Chinese: 你们有什么问题 (what problem you have?) I told him I don't get a problem. He replied: no, you got a problem, and I would like to hear what problem you have. Can you image three people in front of you when you are having you dinner and trouble me due to their own mistake? Fine, I told him the issue between the waiters and us. He told us there is description outside of the restaurant regarding the price and portion, and that "I believe I don't need to iterate that to you again." Actually I was a little scared at that time and felt I might be attacked at any time due to his super aggressive attitude even though I am Chinese. Ridiculous, right? A Chinese customer worried about being attached by a Chinese restaurant manager in US. But I still told him I double confirmed with the waiter before the dishes were served, and that if there is any problem it's not my fault. OK. This manager started to say "OK, your order is counted as combos this time", and then rebuked to the waiter in front of me. I had no appetite at all since that. 
The manager harassed us later again when our lamb was served. "why you have 7 types of meats instead of 6?" I had to count and told him we only have 6! Then he told the waiter to change the lamb to a smaller combo portion. Fine! I just wanted to leave this fucking restaurant as soon as possible.
I was wondering the reason the manager didn't care how aggressively and rudely he spoke with me might be we were talking in Chinese. Other customers cannot understand. I feel I have to speak out and let people how awful their service is: three waiters bully their Chinese customer! And their customer feel their safety is threatened.*** Please note that this review is based solely on their lunch special! ***
I went here on one of the most frigid days we've had in Philly this year. Since I was on U Penn's campus and nearly frozen, hot pot sounded like a solid choice. 
Upon entering, I saw a sign for the crazy good lunch special they had -- $9 for one item off of their menu for hot or cold dishes. Even though I had initially planned on hot pot, I couldn't pass this deal up. 
I chose to get the Shredded Pork with garlic sauce and I was very happy with my choice! The pork was tasty and the garlic sauce was very flavorful with a bit of a kick. It came with your choice of white or brown rice. I chose brown rice, but unfortunately they had just run out so I was forced to get white rice. Good to know they do offer both for further visits though!
The following things stood out to me about this place:
- Staff was very nice! They initially brought out a bowl of edamame while I browsed through the menu. After I told them I am allergic to soybeans, the gentleman profusely apologized for putting them on the table, quickly took them away, and brought out a bowl of seasoned vegetables instead. Very thoughtful and the vegetables were pretty darn good! 
- After placing my order, my server promptly warned me that the pork would take about 15 minutes to prepare and asked me if I was ok with that. I was ok with it so I kept my order and I'm glad I did! The food came out so quickly! Far less time than the 15 minutes I had been told!
- The Shredded Pork lunch special was of a decent size with a heaping bowl full of rice. Best part? It only came out to $9!!! What a great price for such a great lunch!
Would I recommend Ochatto to others? Absolutely! Their lunch special is fantastic! Would I return? For sure! I've gotta go back for hot pot!
*PRO TIP: Bring some cash with you! 10% off your order if you pay with cash!*My wife and I ate hotpot in Ochatto yesterday night. Let me start with telling you the good things about Ochatto. The venue is nicely decorated. Due to the high ceiling, it does not feel cramped. The food is also up to expectations. We enjoyed the soup bases in particular. We order three of them: the tomato soup, the Tom Yum soup, and mushroom soup with pork broth.
That brings us to the negative parts of the Ochatto experience. The waiters are blunt. It was quiet when we came in, but we had to wait for ten minutes for a waiter to order something. We waved at waiters that were just standing, but they were unwilling to help us because another waiter was apparently responsible for our table. I can understand that the restaurant assigns tables to waiters, but in quiet times, the personnel should be more flexible. What makes it even more ridiculous is that the assignment was suddenly ignored when it was time for us to pay. Another waiter than our assigned easier presented us the check. It was also strange that the pork broth was mentioned as vegetarian soup on the check. 
Another annoyance is that the restaurant does not have air suction above the hotpot like other restaurants. I agree that it does not look pretty, but lack thereof makes it hard for people with glasses to operate the hotpot at times as glasses tend to fog up when the steam flows in their direction. Moreover, all your clothes smell like soup after a visit. Finally, a decent hotpot restaurant should provide tongs for the raw meat. Expecting the customers to use their chopsticks to handle the meat is unhygienic. It took several times of asking to get just one tong. Well, I'm not shy to reduce my tip for lousy service. 
All in all, I have mixed feelings about this place. I might come back for the food, but not for the service.