After trying twice unsuccessfully to get there early enough to get a meal within 20 minutes, I finally was able to break away from work and was 5th in line. I had heard of the "food truck nazi" and that it was the best in town and found Gus, the falafel nazi, as he called himself, lived up to his reputation and more. 
As my turn came up, I approached the cart tenuously, for I did not want to blow it by asking too many questions. He immediately recognized me as a new customer and told me all about the fresh ingredients he uses.
Chicken is cooked over coal and was tender on the inside and perfectly cooked on the outside. Falafel was delicious, as were the grapes and his homemade pasta that went along with it.
There was enough food for 2 people.
Well worth the wait!I am a groupie. He is amazing. I am sad that I got to have his dish only once. Now all construction on market I can't find him!!
His chicken is the most tender and smoky I've ever had. Side dishes are creative and awesome too. 
I hope he is back soon.Chicken was awesome! Loved the char and the garlic marinade. I can't say the same for the rest of the meal! Rice was cold but flavorful and probably would have tasted better if it was warm and dryer. The hummus was average and the falafel was just awful. I'm Arab so I know my fair share of felafel. This was not even acceptable in my standards for America! Everything was fresh though which is why I gave it a 3 + epic chicken. Not worth the wait and the possible risk of being yelled at. Too much hype for just the experience.
PS: if you want real falafel and epic hummus, walk down the street to Mama's.The hype is worth the wait. I had never tried falafels prior to my visit to the the Falafel Nazi/ Falafel King (I know this is not PC, and no offense is intended), but it is an appropriate title to give him. It doesn't just communicate how great the food is, but the experience you'll have. 
The standard Center City lunch crowd knows this unmarked cart on 20th, and it usually has a long line in front of it. Prepare for passerby's to make comments on how you're waiting in line, inquiring as to what it is for, and pretty much just staring at you. *Tip* show up just before 12:00pm to limit the waiting. We got there at 11:45 and still had to wait 40 minutes. 
There is no menu. Get used not to making choices. The cart is run by one man, and he is eccentric, but entertaining. He clearly has a passion for his food. You'll receive what he serves, but expect hummus, falafel, and chicken. He changes it up based on his shopping that week, and I had had a mix of watercress, apples, melons with mine. The sauce was spicy and divine. 
It's worth the wait.
*Remember: Cash only!went here for the first time today - drawn by the amazing smell of the charcoal grill.  looked around for a menu - couldnt find one..then a regular in the line said - "theres only one thing on the menu any given day"...line was slow...had to wait almost 15 minutes with just 5 people in front..
The food was incredible...the hummus was fantastic...the falafel fantastic...the greens were easily separated (and tossed..)..the chicken was tender and amazingly tasty...and the rice-lentil mix (no idea what it really is) was terrific...there was also a giant piece of bread...whole bunch of food for $10...
definitely worth the wait...definitely worth going back againBe patient, the owner/chef/cook whatever you want to call him, he's unqiue, talks a lot and can be difficult to understand but you can see he simply loves to cook. He doesn't skimp nor cheat you. He asks whatever you can pay for and gives you more. The food is great but its his love of customers & food that drives this business.Gus is the best!  His commitment to quality ingredients and preparation details are inspiring.  Unfortunately, I got my platter today and had NO FALAFEL....from a falafel truck!  So, after browsing Yelp, I learned that his fryer broke and the cost is too high to fix.  I started a gofundme to see if we can raise the 3k to bring back falafel!!!  It's under falafel fryer for Gus.
https://www.gofundme.com/falafel-fryer-for-gusMy office building is right off of 20th and Market so this is the perfect lunch spot for me.
Like others before me have stated, the wait can be long, but I usually get around that by opting for a later lunch on days that I choose to eat from the Falafel truck. 1:00 is usually perfect. 
Some people are offended by Konstadinos' rules, but really, I appreciate them. The fact that there isn't a menu is exciting! I like not knowing exactly what I'm going to get... but maybe I'm more adventurous than some people. Really, though, it's not even like he switches things up that much... He just tweaks the details a bit. The chicken is always on the platter, there is always falafel, and there is always hummus. The dessert salad and the chickpea salad/rice/whatever is all that really changes.
And I also appreciate that he doesn't let you hold a spot for someone or order more than one platter. He realizes that most of his clientele are working folks that are on tight schedules. 
If you're lucky, you might catch him on a good day and he'll throw in a free drink. It's only happened to me once or twice, but still, a nice little perk. And if it happens to be cold out/rainy out, he sometimes offers soup while you wait! 
As far as comparing him to Mama's, I do enjoy Mama's, but the Falafel truck takes the cake in my opinion.
It's $10 well spent, especially since I usually get two meals out of it. Just be prepared for some serious lingering garlic breath!Wow, just wow!  The food was unbelievable.  No photo since I scarfed it down before I thought to snap a picture.
We got there just before noon and there were 3-4 people in line.  All-in-all we were there a good 15 min.  Not bad.
Everything everyone said is absolutely true.  So fresh, so yummy.  I was a little surprised that the rice/chick pea dish was cold (everything except the chicken and fallafel were), but it was delish none-the-less.
For $10, my platter included the most amazing smelling (and tasting) grilled chicken, a rice and chick pea mixture, hummus, a small scoop of the best fruit salad I've ever eaten, some sort of greens, and a nice hunk of crusty bread (I got the nose).
I'll definitely go back again!PROBABLY ONE OF THE BEST MIDDLE EASTERN / MEDITERRANEAN FOODS!
HE JUST PILES IT ON AND IT'S JUST AMAZING! THE MAN KNOWS HOW TO WORK A CART!
TIP:
+ You do not get to choose what you get. Only one item on the menu and it's always a little different from the last time.
+ Long wait so get there early or later during lunch time.
+ Used to be $5 now it's $10 i believe.
+ One order per person.
+ Cash only
+ He's a warm friendly guy so have a conversation with him while he prepares your order.
+ You will smell like the food you ate for the next day or two but it's worth it!
+ You will have food coma if you attempt to eat it all in one sitting.
+ He's got piles of garlic and flowers on his cart which is cool.
+ You can smell his food cart from a block away.Last Monday I jogged up the stairs out of the 19th and Market green line station and was basically punched in the face by the amazing smells coming from this food truck more than a block away. I'd eaten at the Falafel truck before so as soon as the incredible aromas of grilled marinated chicken hit my nose I knew what I was going to be chowing down on that day.
The food at this truck is amazing. While the meal varies quite a bit from day today, there are a few things you can generally count on: a portion of delicious hummus, some really good falafel, a pita or roll, a generous helping of some of the best grilled, marinated chicken that I've ever tasted, and two other items. One of the two is usually some sort of risotto or pasta in sauce (which is always good). The other is often a sauce or fruit item. 
Recently, the chef has also been handing out cups of soup to people as they wait in line (different soups every day) and a bottle of Perrier with the meal. He does not list a price but generally charges $10, which is well worth it for an enormous and tasty meal that should last all day.
It's also worth noting that the comments about the guy who runs this truck are not exaggerated. He is a real character and likes to go on and on about how high quality his food is, how difficult it is to get quality ingredients, etc. He wants to know if you like quality food and if you are willing to pay for quality. Quality quality quality. Quality. At first I found this a little off-putting but now I find it an endearing feature of the experience. He clearly cares a lot about what he does and as long as you don't take the conversation too seriously it'll be fine. 
My one MAJOR caveat for this place is do NOT try to eat here if you are very particular about your food. He gives you what he gives you and isn't going to be making anything specific to your tastes. It's also very hard to predict how spicy his food will be -- usually it's relatively mild but occasionally it can get quite hot. I wouldn't count on being able to get a description before getting served, so only venture here if you are fairly flexible about the flavor profile of what you are getting. I also might suggest shying away if you have food allergies. 
That said, if you can get past this you are in for a really flavorful meal at a good value!The days that I get to go to the falafel truck at lunch always feels so special. I've never waited in line less than 45 minutes, so I can only make the trip on days that I know I have plenty of free time for lunch. It's quite an experience and the food is amazing. I'll just reiterate some of what others have already said... the cook is a real character so the experience can be intimidating if you don't know what to do. 
The truck is located on the Northeast corner of 20th and Market, next to an empty lot. You'll recognize the truck because it will have a long line, smoke pouring out of the top, and decorations on the front of the truck including plants and garlic. The truck wasn't there the first few times I tried to go, so I'm not sure if he goes on vacation at some point. Also keep in mind that even if the line doesn't look that long, it takes a lot of time; maybe 5 minutes per person that's in front of you. 
While you wait in line, he will offer you a cup of delicious soup that you should take and enjoy. I don't know exactly what it is, but it tastes like pumpkin or some other type of squash. Once you get to the front of the line, you don't need to order. You just take what he gives you and pay $10. You usually get hummus, falafel, chicken, two side items like rice or grains or vegetables, fruit, a piece of bread or pita, and a drink of the cook's choosing. It's an unbelievable amount of food for $10, and it's all amazing! I wish I knew what the chicken is marinated in, because it's truly the best chicken I've ever had. The hummus is especially good too. It's really creamy. I normally eat half of it at lunch and put the rest in the fridge... and then go back to it around 4 PM because I can't resist it. And you'll smell like garlic for the rest of the day, so it's a constant reminder that delicious leftovers are waiting for you. 
The cook is actually friendly, as long as you don't question the food. He'll usually make some light conversation and talk a lot about the quality of the food. Just listen, smile, and agree and you'll be ok.Fantastic find... Soup Nazi best describes this man... he is definitely passionate about his food art and will not sway from his way. Every ingredient in the meal is fresh. Also do note that this a "get what you get" place. There is only one item on be menu each day,and the item changes everyday, the only consistency with this place is that it serves Grilled Chicken and falafel everytime. Expect a long wait, got there at 12:30p and didn't get food until 1:20p. But while waiting in line , got to chatting with some regulars and the food is said to be fantastic everyday. 
Happy Eatings! CASH ONLY spot and bring your own fork. Oddly they don't provide utensils nor napkins just a styrofoam box and the food inside of itGrilled to perfection with really tasty spicy sauce. Found out my man's age today and if this food is his fountain of youth then expect me there as a regular!This truck, with its operator, is great for its uniqueness that goes along with the normally great food: chicken falafel. Down sides: when he started out around 10 years ago, the sandwiches were actually reasonably priced at around $4. Now, it's $9 with a tip jar.  Still, the food is good and the experience is worth it at once. Another down side is having to overhear the people blabbing away in line.Waited for half an hour but so worth it! Very good quality and interesting mix of food that comes with large serving.What a deal!  For only $5 I got rice, grilled chicken, falafel, tahini, salad, and cheese cubes.  Then, the falafel guy put about 4 different sauces on it, and handed it to me.  No menus, and I didn't have to wait in line (I went around 1:30).  The food was delicious.  The falafel was crunchy and sweet, the chicken was blackened/grilled and tasted very good and charcoaly.  The sauces made everything taste great.  I plan on returning as many times as my waistline allows.Finally made it to the famed falafel truck.  I believe the official name is Christos's Falafel.  I'd heard the stories and knew that I should plan to wait and just trust in what he is serving.
Turns out you don't even order here.  Little was said to anyone during my visit.  "Gus" cooks, refills the charcoal in his grill, and serves up falafel, grilled chicken, and salads/sides.  There's no menu. Walk up to the truck, and he'll put together a styrofoam container of everything unless you specify that you want a sandwich.  Otherwise, you need not say a word.  He didn't even ask me for money, assuming I already knew the price (it's not posted anywhere).  
My plate was $10 and could easily feed two.  The chicken was flavorful, covered in spices. The salad was fine, with fresh green lettuce, a bean dish, and something tropical I couldn't identify (was that plantain?).  My palate was confused after all the Greek-style meat.
But the falafel...oh, the falafel.  It was unlike anything I've eaten.  It was so bright--there are a lot of fresh herbs in there.  It was light and airy yet crispy on the outside. The texture was unusual but excellent.  I can't for the life of me figure out what it is that makes it so different. Does he whip the bean mixture first?   Whatever it is, it works.This truck never disappoints. The best grilled chicken and homemade falafel I've ever had. Don't question anything....just get what he gives you...he even makes the pasta from scratch. Get there early to avoid the long lines....Yum!The food is worth the wait. Legit charcoal grilled chicken with falafel in a delicious sauce topped with fruit that is the best combination of flavors.  Very fresh.  I will try to go again a bit earlier.This truck is something to experience. The portions are massive for $10 and the food is cooked with heart. I really enjoyed his chicken. Only downside is the wait. If there are about 8 people in line ahead of you, expect about a 35-45min wait. Something to experience in Philly for sure!The reviews of this truck are right on the money.  His sandwiches and platters are well worth the money and they smell, look and taste unbelievable.  They owner is funny and loves to tell you how great his food is and how long it takes for him to prepare his "quality" ingredients.  But he is telling the truth.  Not only the best food truck, but easily one of the best places to eat lunch in the city.No Menu, No Drinks, and  it's the BEST Truck food you'll ever have!!! You might not know what you are getting but it will be amazing. He doesn't sell beverages so pick one up on your way. Don't try to get 2 because you'll be sure to get yelled at and the rest of the 20 people waiting patiently in line with hear about it too. Basically the Soup Nazi. of carts lol. Worth every bit of the wait. And you won't be able to stop thinking about that food. I'm so glad he's back. :)Yea - hands down AMAZING. You will wait in line about 20-30 minutes, and if you weren't hungry before you got in line, the smell will drive you insanely hungry. The cooked food is fresh. Part of the reason you stand in line for so long is because you see him cooking your meats. You see it coming out of the bag, you see it going from raw to cooked, and you see the CHARCOALS underneath the chicken!
He serves only one thing and that is his falafel and grilled chicken with mixed vegies and tahini/chummus, some kind of rice (orzo), and the bread product (pita bread, french baguette, etc).  On occassion he will grill up a fruit (e.g., peach) and put that in there.
The truck is also very clean. Look around where the food is being grilled...realize he does this everyday and look how clean the truck is.
It's a lot of food for $8 - I can never finish it all and I'm a big guy.
The owner is also funny - a bit bonkers - but funny. Get him talking (doesn't take much) and he won't stop. As you leave, the conversation will flow over to the next person in line.
Go there at least once - and you will most likely go again.Worth the 10$ and worth the wait. Best food truck in Philly bar none.If you like Mediterranean/Middle Eastern cuisine, eat hereIt was a long wait, but totally worth it. $10 cash gets you a ton of delicious food. 
Don't go if you're picky. He'll give you whatever he's making that day and that's it.  Today I got a couple falafels, sweet grilled chicken, a hunk of bread a scoop of diced fruit, some sort of chickpea/hummus stuff, spicy rice, and another sauce I don't know what it was because I suck at food but it was delicious.
DO go if you think you'll be amused by whatever rant he has picked out for the day. Today I received a rant about how he makes special food that will make your hurts go away and some people don't understand how unique and special his food is, and if they want other food they can go somewhere else in the city. I was amused.I go here maybe 2 times a week for lunch.  It's always charcoal fored chicken with differant sides everyday  for just $7.00. 
It's always delicious and a great value.  Try it once and you will be hooked like i am. The line gets long , so get thier before noon or after 1;30 if your in a rush.This food truck was an excellent change of pace for lunch!
I am an adventurous eater, but not really sure what Falafel man threw in the styrofoam container. I couldn't understand a word he said and all I could make out was chicken and Falafel in my plate. I mixed it all together and ate it and recommend you do the same because the flavor was strong and lasting. He has some jar of spices he throws on the chicken then sprinkles on the dish when he is done; I can make out garlic for sure but wasn't sure of the rest. Just make sure you have gum for the second half of your work day.
For $9 I had enough food for lunch and dinner but ate it all for lunch. The secret ingredient (feels like Iron Chef) was apples the day we went. The apple was transformed into a Mediterranean salad. It was soft and juicy. 
There is no menu because he only serves one type of plate a day. Just wait in line and do what everyone else does then enjoy!
I subtracted one star because these food trucks are economical, but need to stop using styrofoam. Green peace people!Ventured out in the cold today and figured I would try this truck since the line was pretty short and usually there's a bit of a wait. I was not disappointed. He gave everyone a cup of the warm sauce to sip on while we waited - also shout out to CVS for allowing us to wait in their atrium and not kicking us out. The sauce was gingery and spicy and fresh. The chicken is grilled and has a nice smokey flavor and the falafel is probably the the best I've ever had. The dish also came with blackberries and grapes which I thought was odd but when you ate it all combined in the dish it was actually really delicious. I went with a friend who also really liked it but the sauce did get a little too spicy for her after a while but I loved it.
I used to live in Portland, OR and there is a pretty famous thai chicken and rice truck there where she makes one dish and one dish only - the owner even did a Ted Talk. Her idea was to make one dish and only make that one dish really, really well. This truck is sort of the same deal with some small variations.The number one rule of the smoke truck is, you don't piss off the chef. The number two rule of the smoke truck is, you don't piss off the chef. YES, being a part of this food truck secret is just as good as being in fight club. I would even argue that it's better! This food truck is hands down, the best bang for buck food truck in the city. The chef is an awesome man who is extremely particular about the quality of his ingredients. He truly treats cooking and his food as art. To repeat, he treats his food as art! Meaning, he is just as particular as some artists you may know. Therefore, I advise that you not aggravate him by attempting to tailor your order in any way. Just wait in line, pay your 10 dollars, say thank you, and grab your food. Things to note: bring your own silverware. You pay with 10$ CASH. There is a limit of one plate per person. This is an approximation, but wait time is ~3.5 minutes per person in line. So the food: every single food group is included in your menu. The chicken is charcoal cooked to perfection, then overlaid with a ginger-squash sauce that has a little bit of kick to it. The chef makes his own noodles and piles them on top of that. A green vegetable is then added to round out the flavor, and the meal is topped off with grapes. Utter perfection! Please enjoyEach ingredient he adds to your plate is like a note on a music sheet creating a musical melody in my mouth. I have been coming to this truck for 2 years and each time is like the first. I treat every bite like its my last. $10 for an experience. I'll be back again next week. Yum yum !!!!!I had been on a quest for this elusive falafel truck for many months. The exotic locale and precious few hours open make it quite difficult for me to reach, but I had read so much about this enigmatic vehicle that I waited patiently for a chance to escape the laboratory for the express purpose of discovering this fabled cuisine. 
During my first attempt, I arrived at 1:15, which is not such an unreasonable hour of the afternoon. There were approximately 5 falafel seekers ahead of me, but alas, I was told he would not be serving any more customers that day. Bollocks! My plans were foiled, and the mythical falafel had evaded me. 
I anxiously awaited another opportunity to seek this supposed holy grail of middle eastern food. The second time I arrived at 11:30, and was forced to wait interminably. But wait I did, suffering through fathomless prattle from the proprietor, to which I politely smiled and nodded in response. Finally, my toils (and currency) were justly rewarded with a heavy platter of delicious-smelling sustenance. 
- end dramatization - 
It was a lot of food, but also kind of expensive at $10 a platter. As the guy said, you could pay a lot more at a restaurant for food like that. True, but this is a food truck and not a restaurant. The chicken and rice truck in New York is about half the price and twice the deliciousness. 
Most of it tasted good, even really good, but nothing was particularly outstanding except for maybe the grape-and-other-unidentifiable-things-salad, which was very interesting in flavor. Everything else was a little too garlicky even for my taste, and I'm the kind of person who could snort garlic powder. Also, the chicken and falafel were both too burnt, and I generally like a little charred flavor. 
It may be worth noting that my friend politely asked several times if it would be possible to bring another platter back for someone else. He began to babble about a liquor license and something about drinks. I'm not sure if he legitimately doesn't have a firm grasp of the English language, or if he was consciously choosing to ignore her question by rudely changing the subject and feigning incomprehension. 
Was it good? Sure. Was it worth all that time, effort, and money on my part? Maybe not. Still, the falafel nazi is worth trying at least once, as long as it's not too out of the way for you.I was looking for the famous falafel truck and knew I found it when I saw a long line and a smoke cloud filling the air with the sweet smell of grilled chicken. I was told not to ask for anything and not to order more than one platter. So when it was my turn I gave him 10 dollars, received a platter and walked away. Apparently the menu changes everyday, on this particular day I got grilled chicken, some delicious chickpea rice, grapes, beet hummus, falafels and a piece of bread. 
Where do I start? It was awesome, I dunked the bread in the hummus, I had spoonfuls of chicken rice and grapes that gave a sweet and savory taste that made me the happiest person in the world.
This place is open between 11-3:30, not working in the city makes it virtually impossible to eat here, I got lucky because I had a vacation day. I feel like I made the most out of a random Wednesday vacation day!What more can you say, food is great, high quality and heathy!  Line takes a long time but what can you do, worth the wait for sure!Finally had the chance to check out the infamous "falafel cart Nazi" at 20th and Market. What an experience!
If you're not familiar, this guy has been in this area for close to 10 years, maybe longer, and he has a reputation for making high end restaurant quality meals with whatever he's got in the cart that day. There's no menu. No alterations, unless you want all veg. No bag. No utensils. Just the ridiculous meal (about 2 lbs. of food), all for $10.
Today, he had fresh made turmeric semolina pasta in a slightly sweet and spicy sauce that I can't quite pinpoint is the base, with freshly grilled chicken, the most perfect falafel, grilled peach, strawberries, grapes, and sprouts / micro greens.
The balance of flavors and textures from the platter blew me away. The sweetness from the sauce and fruits on the front end is brought back a bit when the spices from the falafel and chicken and the smokiness from the charred bits from the grilled chicken and peach kick in.
What a meal (honestly, two meals), for $10!
Also, if you plan on checking out his cart make sure you have a little extra time because there will be a line, and he only makes one platter per person at a time.Worth the wait! I got homemade noodles, I think some were sweet potato noodles. 
The best falafel I've ever had! Melts in your mouthChristos gets 5 stars for his amazing falafel as well as the entertainment value he provides.  If you dont know, and I am sure you do, this guy is Philly's version of the falafel "nazi".  Walk up.  Order "Chicken or No", Salad or Sandwich and put your money under the garlic clove.  After that just sit back and enjoy.  What he provides you with from a food perspective is an aromatic chicken with greens and wonderful herby light falafel balls with a wonderful sauce.  What he provides from an entertainment perspective is pure genius.  Make sure you ask for more of something.  The rant is a cross between the Soup Nazi character and Lewis Black.  Make sure you patronize this guy, he works hard, puts out great food and is there day after day non stop.Had such a delightful time discovering Gus and his amazing food truck. Delicious food, and felt like I was unlocking a mystery learning how to order and line up!Whenever I've walked past the corner of 20th and Market at lunchtime, I've been distracted by the amazing smell of grilled meat. There are no menus on the cart. Not even a sign. Let me tell you: the Soup Nazi references are not ungrounded. You don't order. You get a cup of soup and are told to stand back and wait your turn. When it comes, you walk up to the cart  and he talks about "quality" while preparing your meal. When he's done, you pay him $10, take the box containing your delicious, eccentric meal of the day, thank him, and go your way. 
Grilled meat, falafel, rice, greens, fruits, quite a few condiments: sounds simple, tastes amazing. You will come back.Best food in the city. This is where I go to get my medicine a few days a week. 
Only the best ingredients make it into his dishes, and it's going to be different each time you're there. The best grilled chicken, the best falafel, and the best of whatever he picked out at the market on a given day to put together the perfect platter every single time.
Just get in line with $10 cash and have faith.This is hands down the best Mediterranean/Greek food cart in the Phila area. The lines are long sometimes, but really worth the wait if you don't have to rush back to work. For $10 you get a sizable portion and variety of mediterranean delights including the scrumptious falafel. There is no menu, as he serves only one platter and he does it very well!! He can be a bit talkative, and may have some rules...but it adds to the experience. A must try if you are a foodie in Phila!I LOVE Gus's food, it is the best you will ever eat from a food truck, but I must admit, with him no longer serving the Falafel's, it does take a little something away from the overall dish.  He made the BEST falafel's I've ever tasted.  I sure hope he will reconsider adding them back to the menu.  I'm also not buying the story of the machine being broke, I believe he stopped serving the falafel's based off of someone's review, which I totally believe was not true, saying they had hair in it.  I've been eating off this truck for 18 years, and never had a problem.  Gus, please bring back the falafel's!By far the best food truck I have ever had! It was so much food for $10! The falafel were absolutely amazing and so was the chicken!The figs were so good. Let me start with that. I'm sure the other reviews will mention how the menu works. Set menu, one price ($10 cash). The line doesn't look long but it moves slow. But the food is worth it. He's so nice and talkative too. The food has a genuine char flavor that is awesome. Falafel balls, fruits and watercress. The whole mix was artful. So good. Def would go back.Delicious, fresh and cheap. Not greasy, which I really appreciate.Really great food. This place always draws me in just by smell. Long line around lunch so be prepared for that if you don't have a lot of time. If you are looking for a standard falafel then go down the street to Mama's but if you are looking for falafel or shish dressed up and with a few amazing twists than it is completely worth it. The portion is HUMONGOUS and always filled with fresh veggies. Great food, great guy.Just crossed off another Philadelphia "must-do" - the food cart. 
After wandering around center city amidst the wafting smells of cheese steaks, falafel, and Chinese food, my roommate and I decided on the Mediterranean food cart on the corner of 20th and market which, at prime lunch time, was encircled by an army of hungry professionals.
And for good reason. This guy is not messing around. Juicy, tender chicken on a bed of fresh greens, macaroni salad, sliced apples and topped with a few pieces of crispy fried falafel. 
To.
Die.
For. 
Oh and the man behind it all--a riot.  From his fully adorned food cart lined with garlic cloves and hanging plants, the blaring traditional Greek music, and the constant reminder that "you eat this food, you'll never get sick" --what a character.
Food portions were huge too, definitely enough food to split with a friend which makes the semi-hefty $13 price tag worth it.  In any event, the meal was freaking awesome. Three hours later and I'm prettttty sure I'm still in a food coma.My first time here - great great food! Love it! I was the second in the line but still waited for 20 mins. That's how good the food is.Best food truck in Philly. The food is gourmet, chicken is grilled to perfection, and falafel is amazing. Worth the wait and well worth the money ($10, cash only). 
The chef only makes one dish per day, but I'm sure all are delicious. I've been here twice, both times there was grilled chicken, falafel, greens, and grapes. Once there was pasta, and the other time there was rice. Sauces were different, both were delicious. Second time there were also blueberries and a whole apricot! 
Be sure to get there early, because he does run out and starts to turn people away. And bring utensils and drinks. 
As previous reviews have stated, you could pay way more at a restaurant and get less food that isn't as delicious!Haven't been to this truck in some years... rarely downtown at lunch. No menu... no signs... had to be the Falafel Guy. Freshly made falafel with garlic, guy described every topping as falafel fried. Couscous, hummus with poblano, but the most incredible addition... sliced grapes. 
Taste Perfection. $4.Amazing. Worth the wait (30-40 min at 12:30 midweek)--it doesn't hurt to bring some friends to pass the time! But hey, you're coming here for the experience. May want to avoid if you're a picky eater because there's no menu, and it seems like he throws in whatever he feels like that day. The food was so much better and more unique/interesting than the other food trucks around, and tasted really fresh! Looks like he puts falafel in everything, and that falafel was incredible. Go for it!Definitely a different twist on falafel that you'll find anywhere else in the city.  This guy knows a thing or two about flavors!I don't even know how to describe this. It's like asking Harry Potter to review the first time he entered Diagon Alley. If I wanted to keep this the best kept lunch secret in Philly, I would just say it was a Mediterranean food truck. In fact this is the meal you wish you had the last time you paid +$200 at that fancy restaurant. And you walk/roll away from this actually full, not just pretending to be full. 
Today's plate is chicken grilled to perfection over charcoal, the tastiest most crunchy falafel freshly fried in front of you, homemade pasta, fresh AF watercress, grilled garlic scapes, blackberries, grapes, and magic garlicky sauce. There's at least 3lbs of food in here. And served with a kiss;p
This is my first time meeting Gus, thanks to my runger. And my world is forever changed.I would venture to say you will not find as unique of food at any food truck. He cares about making a complete, quality meal. I just followed what the person in front of me did an magically got a delicious, heaping plate of food. It was great.This is the same as the "Falafel Cart" reviews - same guy on 20 & Market.
Line down the block.
You get what you get - and it's usually good - but I like Mama's better,
Meanwhile, people LOVE this cart.Okay, I hesitate to review this because I'm not sure I want everyone knowing about this awesome truck. The first time I was intrigued that everyone was standing in line and no one knew what they were getting. Gus told me he was one of the best and that if I don't like I don't come back. Well I said what the hell. I tried it and loved it the first time. Got three meals off on one platter. Wen there today since we were not busy at work and again it was great. Got enough for lunch tomorrow!!! It was amazing!!!! My favorite part is the grilled chicken. I like it because he uses charcoal!!!The chef evidently enjoys what he does and it really shows in his product: your lunch. Today was my first time getting food from this truck and there was about a 30 minute wait. The food today was pasta with chicken, topped off with grapes, blueberry, and apricot. 
Needless to say the food was delicious. I ate it all in one sitting even though the portion was huge!
The chef is very enthusiastic and wants to talk to you as well.This cart is worth the visit/10 bucks. The guy himself is worth the 10 bucks because he's a pure crack up.Funny yet strange. The Chicken is good and so are the falafels. the rice and yogurt sauce, well its OK, I have had better...Its true , he has no menu. I had the nerve to ask for 2 orders. He did not like that , He said that he'll sell me 2 orders only because it was my first time. But he gave me lecture about ordering 2. But he had no problem in takeing my 20 bucks. He was driping in sweat and he was even eating chicken off the grill while talking to me.I doubt that I'll ever go back. But for some reason I found it to be fun.While I enjoyed the experience of the falafel truck, I wasn't blown away by the food.
The line really does take a long time, but we enjoyed the soup to hold us through our wait on a cold and windy day.
I'm vegetarian and was given basically an assortment of sides. The falafel was good, but not as good as Mama's Vegetarian.  Then I had a somewhat sweet pasta salad with grilled grapes and two kinds of bread that had been heated on the charcoal in the truck so long that they were overwhelmingly smokey.
I always enjoy the smell of the truck as I walk by, and I will probably give it another try, but I'm guessing the food is better if you get the chicken.From the rustic bells hanging from the beautiful stainless-steel cart to the garlic surrounding the counters, to the music and singing and dancing of the chef -- you know you have stepped into a special microcosm divorced from its surroundings, then the food, warm pungent deep-green falafel, charred, perfectly-spiced chicken, amazingly fresh salad with large green grapes that look like they were picked from his own garden.
In return, you have to learn and accept the rules of this mad genius of food.  Pay attention to the patrons before you then go boldly to your turn.  Don't ask for Hummus unless you want to be banished to Mama's.Sweet falafel adventure explosion!
Hot damn cornucopia of deliciousness!
I love this little plant-friendly cart.  I love the singing, smiling man behind the cart. I love his delicious falafel constructions.  This place isn't for the weak-hearted or the tender-stomached.  Be prepared to reek of garlic for the remainder of the day so co-workers be warned.   
Perfect green fafalel balls and char-grilled chicken and every time a different mix of delicious components, be it a beet hummous, a mix bag of salads, a myriad of vegetables and fruits, raw or cooked or both, coucous and a melting fusion of sauces and who-knows-what- all I know is that the finished product is a marriage of taste perfection.
Falafel truck does abide by a couple strict rules, only two items either a sandwich or a platter can be ordered here, and only one item per person.  The wait on certain days can be lengthy so come early.
And yes, $10 is a bit steep (why does he keep raising the prices?) but it's worth it.  His food is so scrumptious, and the portions massive so you'll be stuffed, guaranteed .  
Best Cart/Truck food in Philadelphia, no question.If you live/work in center city and haven't had lunch here, I feel bad for you. You'll pay what he says, and you'll get what you get. You won't be disappointed. Falafel, smoky grilled chicken, wonderful fresh salads and sides--riffs on all of these as the best ingredients are available. Oh, and it's a gem, but not a totally hidden gem. Endure the line. It'll be worth it.I have wanted to try this cart for AGES and he did not disappoint. The wait was really no longer than any of the other food carts, and the food quality was KILLER. Perfectly grilled chicken, saffron rice with chickpeas and spices, wonderful falafel, amazing hummus (I'm very picky about hummus), and WATERCRESS (mmmmspicygreens). Honestly, split it with a friend. It'll be PLENTY. I couldn't finish the rice, there was so much of the rest. $10 well spent. I will be back.Well worth the wait for an ever-changing selection of grains/pastas, flavorful hummus sauces, and pieces of fruit, over which he places a generous portion of marinated char-grilled chicken and four garlicky falafels.  He then ladles a spicy sauce over the hefty meal and crowns it with a handful of fresh leafy greens.  All the flavors and textures are balanced perfectly. High-protein, low-carb, healthy, and satisfying. It is the best lunch in town!Octopus Falafel Truck is an amazing concept! One man show cooking up whatever he feels that day, usually a gourmet chicken and rice dish. Today it was with a turmeric ginger sauce with blackberries, grilled peaches and asparagus. The portions are HUGE!! I could make 2-3 servings from this so it is a great value for $10. 
I got there at 11:50am (he opens at 12pm) and there was already 12 people on line waiting. He's located on 20th and Market on the northeast corner in an unmarked food truck. He makes each persons dish one by one and calls you up when the platter is ready. Took about 35 minutes to get my food - a bit lengthy since most people are using their lunch break to come here. 
Overall, the food was delicious. The sauce with the rice and chicken was my favorite part. The blackberries added a great sweet component. The larger asparagus could have been cooked a bit longer as well as the peaches. 
I will definitely be visiting again to give it another go as I want to try his hummus and falafel and wish him the best of luck on his amazing, fresh food!Just eat whatever he gives you.  If you can't go every day...go at least once.  Don't be scared off by a line...that just means its worth it.I am a picky eater.  There are too many things that put me off with food.  I am, however, compelled to come here and accept whatever is being made that day.  I am not a fan of falafel but find these delicious and the chicken is very, very good here too.  What ever else is being served on any given day is good too.  I don't even know what it is, but it's so good, I eat it.
It is obvious this man puts a lot of work into making sure his rig is as clean as possible.  His rig looks spotless.  Also obvious is his talent at food preparation.  I had to wait about 30 minutes for my turn at a plate of food.  One person, one plate.  That's the way he does it.  It takes about 3 minutes per person and I was tenth in line.  Worth the wait?  Yes!  I've been told he runs out of food about 2pm give or take.  I am looking forward to my next visit.It would be wrong to put this in the same category as common street food. Be prepared to wait, but know that it is well worth it.I would be perfectly content to eat a platter from Gus' falafel truck every single day. A couple of co-workers introduced me to his food a while ago, and I have been several times since. At first, I was really nervous because they forewarned me of Gus' particularity when it comes to proper "ordering etiquette." By now, I've realized that Gus is just an eccentric guy who appreciates good food and loves to share it with others. He chats extensively about the "quality" of his food....quality quality quality....but I have to hand it to the guy - he's earned it. With garlic bulbs and plants decorating the truck as its only identifiable aspect, there is an element of mystery, which I tend to enjoy. There's no menu and you will never get the same thing twice, which is part of the appeal. About his food - you get chicken, falafel, hummus, a grain, and veggie/fruit combo of sorts, with a piece of bread or pita, but he always switches up the variety. His chicken is charcoal-grilled and marinated to perfection, hence why you can smell his cooking from blocks away. If you are a garlic lover, you will be impressed with his falafel. It is SO garlicky and so amazing. I'm not usually a hummus lover, but this hummus is creamy and rich. Here are some of the different components I have been given: grilled grapes, avocado salad, fresh strawberries and bananas, watercress, grilled asparagus, a tomato tahini dipping sauce, a dessert hummus, and a fresh golden beet salad. For grains: cous cous, pasta, rice pilaf, quinoa, buckwheat, or any other type of grain. There wasn't a single dish I was upset with.
I can rave about the food for hours, but I'm equally excited about the value! You get a huge platter (the amount of food usually lasts for 2 reasonably sized meals), with plenty of charcoal-grilled, marinated chicken, some sort of grain (usually pasta or rice), a fruit or vegetable combination of his choice, and a wild card (usually either another fruit or vegetable, a sauce, or something completely different you've never seen before). Sometimes, he serves a drink of his choice with the platter, too. When it's cold out, he also provides free, homemade soup for his shivering customers, which I find to be the most endearing aspect of his customer service. Many other reviews find fault with the quality of customer service here, but I just can't be upset with a cup of soup in the cold, a drink, and a huge plate of for that price, and some entertaining chatter. 
Eat what he gives you and you will not be disappointed. Biggest bang for your buck at just $10. And if you don't believe me, just ask any customer waiting on line in the worst weather conditions for 45+ minutes.Best falafel I've ever tasted! It honestly lasts me two meals so $5 per meal is great. The chicken is flavored great and he puts a sauce on every day as well.Enormous platter for 10$. You get so much food. The food is really good, packed with flavor. I ate there twice, I didn't order anything specific I just accepted what he gave me and I had no complaints either time. I had chicken, hummus, bread, a chickpea dish and an orange.
The man loves to talk as he cooks, he's very friendly with a big personality.
The line is long, there is so much smoke coming off the truck that as you wait in line your clothes will smell like this smoke all day. 
The line takes a good half hour at least, but worth the wait!I left Philly for good a while back and this guy has raised the bar of a good falafel soo high for me, that I dont like any falafel I have :( I'm too spoilt. 
He has the most flavorful falafels with very creative and complimenting side dishes. Enjoy you ppl in Philly!This truly is the best food truck in Philadelphia. I love watching the grill master go to work as he prepares each serving completely fresh and unique every day. Hard to know exactly what he's going to provide on any given day, so those with food restrictions/allergies should be aware, but those without: you're in for a treat! The hummus built in to most of the dishes is often slightly sweet, largely from the garlic mixed in, and it fantastic! The falafels are the best in Philadelphia (yes, better than Mama's, which is great) that I have had, but it's the fresh cooked meat each day that is truly fantastic. The chicken is always tender and loaded with flavor. 
Pro tip: Cash only, and don't stand in the middle of the sidewalk or too close to the cart. You will get chastised. Otherwise, he is a very nice man!This guy has a lot of nerve - but the food is worth the wait and the lecture.A slice of pizza is lunch.  A hoagie is lunch.  Falafel from Supercart is a force of nature, a tsunami cleverly disguised as ground up, deep fried chickpeas.  
As such, eating here is not to be undertaken lightly.  Set aside about half an hour to wait in line, half an hour to eat, and a week or so to recover.  
You can order either a sandwich or the platter, though the sandwich is just a platter wrapped in pita.  The exact contents of either is best left unknown, but always seems to involve falafel and chicken, along with some sort of starch.  On separate occasions I've gotten rice, bowtie macaroni and what I believe (without evidence) was couscous.  To top it off there's generally some sort of vegetable, sauce, spices and a few pieces of fruit thrown in.   
One last note, don't eat more than one a month.  A fellow I know did, and he hasn't been quite the same ever since.I was really intimidated to come here, since other reviews said he may be grumpy and will send you to the back of the line, but not the case!! He talked about quality, quality, quality, and freshness. 
Came at 11:30 on a Monday, one guy just got his food so there were two people in front of me. Line got long REALLY quickly, by the time I left (11:42) there were 12 people in line. 
Chicken - So soft and tender chicken, ahhhhmazing charcoal taste, and the amount of chicken(!!!) 
Falafel - crispy and FULL of flavor 
Pasta - a little too soft and mushy for me but goes perfectly with the chicken 
Dates - super super super sweetDelicious food, and the man who runs this cart is great! He is nice, generous, and makes a lot of jokes when he's not too busy. 
There is no menu cause you just get what he's serving. It varies day to day, but definitely includes a few falafel (which I thought were great, really garlicky!), the rice of the day (I've had like a tomatoey rice with peas, or combination white & wild rice), hummus, watercress, and charcoal-fired chicken.
Yes, he grills over charcoal in his tiny food truck (!!!), which also is impeccably clean, festooned with probably 100 garlic bulbs, some healthy looking plants, has a radio playing Greek music, and smells mouthwatering from 3-4 blocks away. If you've walked through the area around lunchtime in the summer, this is the truck you are smelling. Once I brought a container home, and it emanated that same delicious grilled kebab scent all the way home on the trolley.
It's a tiny bit more expensive than many food trucks ($7), but you get a piece of fruit, a roll or pita, and a LOT of food. I ate as much as I could, felt completely full, and it looked like I had only eaten half of my styrofoam container. Totally recommend!!This is my second visit here. One tip, before you decide to come here make sure you give 1hr enough to get your food. Cart located near 20th and Ludlow st. There is no menu, serves only one meat that is chicken. You can tell him to make vegeterian if you want. Now the food, one of the best and juiciest chicken I have ever tasted. Everyday the menu is different. Gus the chef he prepares the chicken fresh in front of you. It's 10$ cash. Get a mix of all the flavour, with chicken, fruits and falafel. Totally Worth the wait.I happened to find this truck by accident and was drawn to it because of the lovely flowers and plants on display in front. 
I want to love this food truck because it has an air of mystery (no written menu!) and is run by a couple of fun characters, but the sauce was too spicy/garlicky and I did not care for the homemade pasta/spaghetti that came with my falafel. I asked for no chicken, so I only got the falafel, which was excellent (except it was doused in that overly spicy sauce that leaves a gasoline taste in your mouth for hours). And who serves pasta with falafel? The fresh greens served on top were delicious. I'm not sure what they were but they were yummy. Also, the red grapes sprinkled throughout were a great touch and added a succulent, sweet taste to the dish.
The guys in the truck were so friendly and nice, and I know a lot of people love this truck, but I wish the food preparers gave you a little more control over what you want. They do seem a little Soup Nazi-esque in that regard.