New owner... Same classic pizza joint with improvements.  Exactly what you want it to be... Try the chicken tenders, they're homemade, not frozen... Some kinda custom homemade seasoning and batter on them, the boss man will tell you all about it!First time coming to this pizzeria. The service was good but the pizza was not what I thought it would be you would think if they been around for 45 years that there pizza should be great instead it was burned and with no flavor.PIzza was pretty decent, but they:
A) Forgot the extra marinara I asked and paid for
B) we're skimpy on the tomatoesWe ordered take out from here for the first time and we were very really happy with it! We ordered online which was convenient and easy. It also lets you track your order and let's you know exactly when it will arrive. The pizza came within less than 40 minutes and it was perfect!Delivery service was a failure. Ordered my food @ 7:30pm est, grubhub said arrival 8:25-8:35. Gave them benefit of doubt so i waited until 9:00pm to call. Girl on the phone was nice and apologized for delay and said would be ready soon. Called again at 9:30pm and they said it's on the way. 9:50pm still nothing and they said it should be here, i literally live 2 blocks from the restaurant and could've picked up myself. I think they finally showed but i already ordered food elsewhere, 2.5 hours with 2 follow ups is too long and i was too hungry to give them a shot. I gave 2 stars because they were friendly, but not upholding service and honest communication is unacceptable; aka don't tell me it's on the way when it's gonna be another hourThe best pizza, nicest people and the most friendly environment I could ask for. Come here once a week.Disclaimer: I've only tried their pizzas and desserts.
The Hawaiian pizza uses this thin sliced ham, similar to a prosciutto... it's rad, I can never go back to other hams. 
The general tso's pizza is divisive. It's delicious but it doesn't taste like a traditional pizza - It will polarize your friends into lovers and haters (haters who secretly love it but won't admit)
Can't go wrong with the other go-tos like cheese and pepperoni.decided to give them another shot since i've kept hearing good things about their pizza. it is good! staff was friendly as they were before, this time with the pizza to match. got a large plain and their 'the works' large as well. not too thin, crust is soft, veggies are fresh. overall a+!Local pizza place that has good prices, good quality and friendly service. We usually just get a typical x large pie with a few toppings on it. Wings are actually really good here give them a shot! It's nice to order some food for take out and not come home broke at the same time. We are fan's!Ordered wings and pizza from here. Delivery was on time and food was delicious. Will be ordering here again.Ordered Sicilian pizza and it was delivered fresh and very hot! Fast delivery, pizza was pretty goodFirst time here, awesome service, great pizza & delicious hoagie!! Pizza is super thin and crunchy, just the way I love it!!One of the best deals in town for slices. You cannot beat the price per square inch. It also helps that the gourmet slices are varied. I haven't had a bad one yet.  My favorite so far is the Sicilian with jalapenos and pepperoni with the general tso's a close second. Their pizza isn't the only good thing there, the grilled chicken and Italian meat salads are divine. They use a nice salad base and grill the chicken to order so it's always fresh. In addition to the pizza and salads they also somehow do a great steak. I hope they keep up the quality and raise prices rather than compromising on ingredients in the future.We have gotten orders from here a few times and it has been great. Not tonight. Ordered a pizza on Grubhub and after an hour and a half , finally called to see what was up. Girl on the phone said the order was "never put in". No apology, just "I'll put it in now". I had the confirmation from Grubhub, so it wasn't their mistake. Since it was so late, I just told her to cancel the order. She abruptly hung up on me. Great customer service. It will be remembered.Four sons is the shit. One of the most underrated pizza spots in North Philly tucked away like a little secret. The best bang for your buck. Delicious sauce, cheese, great texture. Stop in and get a cheap slice or order a whole pizza. You won't be disappointed. Mouth is watering just writing this review.I have been looking for a decent NY style pizza shop for a while since I moved to Philly a couple years ago. I grew up in NY with some pretty great pizza options so when I say this is the BEST pizza I have literally ever had, I mean it. I eagerly stopped by on an early Saturday afternoon after placing an online order for a large general tsos pizza, wings, and a couple slices to try. I couldn't resist and devoured my margarita slice on the drive home while my boyfriend devoured his regular pepperoni. Seriously, the slices are hugeeeeee! And so thin and crispy oh em geeeeee. The fact that they are reheated adds to the crispy factor and omg I would even prefer the slices over a fresh pizza-they are that good. The general tsos pizza was definitely a huge hit though, so flavorful and huge slices. This will definitely be my go to spot even though it's a bit of a drive from Brewerytown. I've already told family members who will be visiting to be prepared for the best pizza they'll ever have! Cant wait for my next visit and highly recommend!!!!This place is great! My housemate and I were moving in to our new apartment and were looking to have some cheap easy pizza. Four Sons is right around the corner from us so we decided it would do. Boy were we pleasantly surprised. We ordered the Garlic and Basil Sicilian pizza with Sausage. The pie was large, and toppings were generous. It was plain delicious.  We were a bit confused by the name of the Pizza because it looked like a regular pizza, but we think they call their specialty pizza Sicilian. 
We also ordered the spicy buffalo wings. They were great as well, the chicken was not breaded (which is the way I like them) and although we ordered spicy they were definitely do-able. 
The service is also good. Definitely a bunch of Neighborhood guys who are friendly and always make pleasant conversation. They are consistently fast and you won't be sitting around waiting for you food. 
If you are looking for good basic pizza  this is the place you need to try!Called, placed an order for a pie. Went to pick it up. Was told the order was "not in their system". Verified the phone number and the call. Ok no sweat, just put a pie in. Shouldn't take more than 10-15 min. 
Nope. Waited another 40 minutes. The pizza isn't bad but why would it make sense to make a mistake and then not make it right? Won't be back.They really did a nice job with the remodel. It's a shame that they didn't remodel the food. Service is still average. I'd pass on this spot and hit Primo Pizza on Trenton instead.Pizza is okay. Pricing is okay. Nothing to go crazy over even if the slices are large in size. You can skip and go to the pizzeria on Broad street near the Pearl if you don't mind extra travel time but it's not gunna kill you if you eat there.First time visiting Philadelphia and we wanted pizza. Had a look on yelp as we had no idea where to go and came across four sons pizzeria & cafe. Had good reviews so thought we try it. We used the yelp check in to get free garlic knots with sauce and they were yummy especially the pizza sauce. Then we ordered the 18" margarita. It was delicious. Nice wood fired flavour with quality ingredients. It was so good!!! Glad we chose to go here and would definitely come back next time we are in Philadelphia. Would definitely recommend!!!We came to Philly for a quick weekend and was blown away at the amazing food scene.  And for the must have delicious general Tso's chicken pizza and yes it was amazing!!!!!! Thank you to the kindness of the staff it made the experience even better!  A thank you for the birthday blessings!  We will be back!My husband came here and told me about this pizza he ate . General Tao pizza .. me and my boys wanted to try it... We came today and it was so good! Thank you for the great food and service!We arrived yesterday in Philly and as we're  around this neighborhood we found this Pizza place. It was about 6pm when we got there. .. we ordered 2 slices  and the man grab it with bare hands  and out in the oven, my wife didn't liked he touching  our  pizzas  with his own  hands but I told her after the oven it would have no problem hahaha. 
Well it was a nice big slice of pizza for each one of us. Average taste  not the best but not the worst. I enjoyed the pizzas and the garlic bread... the decoration  is kind of antique but for me no problem.
I recommend the place and the pizza specially the price  is really cheap. 
Good job!Disappointed. Wanted to like it cause I live right down the street. I got a buffalo chx pizza and wings. Pizza was meh and a meager attempt at a buffalo chx pizza. Just a handful of chicken bits tossed in buffalo thrown unevenly into the middle. The wings were soft and soggy when I asked for well done. Really disappointed.This is very good pizza. They always hear the slices in the large oven and they come out perfect and taste.
The choices they have for toppings is always great.
Great pizza for a good price.I think Four Sons might make my top five pizza places ever. The red top (upside down pizza) is so unbelievably delicious. The sauce is sweet and tangy, you can tell it's fresh and that it's made with quality ingredients. When you order a red top with pepperoni, the oils from the cooked pepperoni mix in with the sauce and make this pizza unbelievably delectable. The dough is super flavorful and fresh. Delivery is hyper-fast. 
Wings are pretty decent, salads are also delicious. All around, a good choice for a great dinner!This place has horrible policies, customer service and wait  times. I had to wait an hour two different times in one day even thought they are only an hour away, cause they screwed up my order and they made me pay for the replacement. Never will I order from here again!!Ordered from Four Sons before when I first learned about the General Tso pizza. Last weekend we ordered 4 pizzas and some chicken tenders for a party. The pizza was a huge hit with our guests. People raved about it and kept asking where we ordered it from. The pizza was so loved that we got a text today from a friend asking where we ordered it from so they could get some today.Four Sons is my favorite pizza spot in fishtown.     Huge slices, decent prices. My only con, Eating in is always better. For some reason everytime we order it has like HALF the toppings it does when you get a slice there.11 months ago I came in this business and was not pleased. Received a message from the business​ to give it another try . Glad I took his offer ! The service was great and the pizza was awesome! The size of there slice reminded me of a new York City pizza . The upgrade to this establishment looks so much better and the oven brick  was a plus! Looking forward to come again!love their chicken wings! I've lived in fishtown for more than 3 yrs now, and I eat out everyday. I have still not found a place to make the wings as I like them. four sons got it right on my very first order. they cooked them to perfection. will definitely be back.New owner... Same classic pizza joint with improvements.  Exactly what you want it to be... Try the chicken tenders, they're homemade, not frozen... Some kinda custom homemade seasoning and batter on them, the boss man will tell you all about it... Mention the word troglodyte for 20% off a large pie for new customers!What a terrible experience. Our food was over a half hour late from the time we got our text it was on the way. We live less than a mile from the restaurant. The food was cold and very unpleasant. The wings we ordered were the tiniest wings I've ever seen. The boli we got was extremely overpriced and the marinara it came with was basically water. Everything is extremely over priced and not worth it. One of the worst pizza shop experiences in this neighborhood.Decided to meet some family here today for dinner.  Wow everything was fresh, and delicious.  Italian salad, chicken tenders, steak fries, pizza steak, brachetta with the tastiest ham and cheese....ummm we will be back, everything was delicious. My two year old grandson said yummy.  They have a beautiful outside set up to eat, which we will try when the heat cools down some.  Great friendly staff, very helpful. Try it...I think you will like it too.
Cindy P.This review is not about the pizza, which is mediocre at best. The ineptitude of the management/owners is what I take issue with. Thankfully the pizza is not very good so I will have no trouble not ordering it and not recommending it to my friends in the future.Extremely disappointed with my order.  They told me they ran out of fries at noon so I subbed mozzarella sticks. When my order got to me everything was cold.  I'm about 10 minutes away so Idk how that happened. Food was gross.Ordered from this place for the first time tonight - always pass by it, and a friend of a friend recommended it. The pizza (half plain, half white pie w spinach) was excellent. Ingredients tasted really fresh, and everything was flavorful. It took only 2 slices to fill up. We also ordered the chicken tenders--they weren't your average run-of-the-mill frozen tenders. They tasted very fresh and the batter used was great--crispy, flavorful and you could tell the chicken was real chicken. The pizza is a little on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for.I wish there was a zero stars option for the pathetic excuse for customer service I experienced at Four Sons. First the lady working the order counter tried to swindle my husband into purchasing more than he wanted to (even after he asked for clarity on what was included in the price), then the rest of our order was met with appalling rudeness and unprofessionalism. And we were so excited...Definitely the best pizza in the neighborhood. The staff is always friendly and the service is quick!I think this place used to be Father and Son's Pizza? I remember the pizza being really good, but it was years ago so maybe it is not the same place. 
We got pizza from here last night and it was awful. We got a veggie pizza (it had canned veggies... Already the first failure) and a plain cheese. The veggie looked ok on top (besides the canned veggie), but was completely burned on bottom. Not just a little; it was black. The cheese was burned on top AND bottom. It was so unappetizing. 
The thing that gets me is, this is all their business. They make pizza. They know what they're doing. If you mess up and take a burned pizza out of the oven, you know it. Don't just put it in a box and give it to the customer like it's totally normal, so they don't find out until they get home! If you mess up, offer to make another one, or don't charge them. It's simple. 
This place might ordinarily make great pizza, but I won't be finding out.I order from four sons fairly often.  The food is always good and made quickly.  The staff is very friendly.Great pizza and place love the new updates!! They were actually doing something called "Car Pizza" which was to raise money for Puerto Rico after hurricane Maria. Gave me more of a reason to give a good reviewI've been going to this pizzeria since I was a kid, now with the new owners , I have to say it's better than ever! It's newly renovated and it looks like the outdoor patio is getting ready for the summer weather which will be an awesome spot to dine outdoors. The pizza is delicious!! Fresh ingredients, hand tossed, fire burning oven what more could you ask for?! Being a Fishtown native ( not a transplant) I can honestly say there is really no place to eat GOOD pizza in this neighborhood other than Four sons. There are a few hyped up spots that I tried but I was disappointed and it doesn't come close to Four sons pizza. I consider myself to be a pizza connoisseur so I know a good pie when I try it.Just ordered here for the first time. Great margarita pizza, great pepperoni pizza!  I also ordered chicken tenders and mozzarella sticks and they were so crispy and yummy. 
Fast delivery, awesome food, good prices and great customer service. Highly recommend!Oh my Goddaahhh! This is, by far, the best pizza I ever had! Words can not describe how much I love it. Will definitely make this place a weekly trip up 95 from the burbs! Just excellent! Thank you.
Almost forgot....try a chocolate chip cookie....like no otherI  love the pizza here it is awesome!  The service is awesome and the food is amazing!  I go there all of the time because no other pizza shop in the area has good pizza.  I love the wings too.  They are so delicious.Surprisingly good pizza! We tried the margherita and it had a nice thin crust, tasty sauce, the right amount of cheese, decent amount of basil, and a wood grilled flavor. Some of the best pizza I've had in Philly, and I'm pretty picky! $15 for a large margherita pie is also a pretty bangin' deal. Will definitely be ordering from Four Sons again!This place is great! The service is always great from the person answering the phone to the delivery driver. The pizza is one of the best in the area; it's very rare that I order from anywhere else. Good prices, good service, and open late. You got mt vote!Just found this place recently on Grubhub. Fantastic pizza, absolutely my new go in the area. Everyone here is right, the margarita really is fantastic- highly recommend!We ordered food from here at my work. We ordered cheese steaks, chicken steaks and a chicken Ceasar salad. After everyone ate, they were sending me text messages or coming to tell me how good the food was! Great food, cooked well. We also had a bunch of different deserts. The tres leches is my favorite next to the chocolate cake. They also sell big chocolate chip cookies that are really good. This is probably the best pizza shop in the city! BTW, Vinny makes the best steaks so, if you're lucky, you'll get one of his!Best pizza in Fishtown - easily. Have had it numerous times by the slice and the crispy thin crust is fantastic. They have a large variety of pizza by the slice as well - have tried most of them and have not been disappointed. General Tso slice is not my cup of tea but gotta give it a try. Happy they are in the neighborhood.I've never bothered writing a Yelp review before but this place makes great pizza. Plain and simple. I'm very opinionated when it comes to pizza and not at all into the explosion of overpriced, pretentious "artisan" pizza that's all the rage these days. The price is right where I feel it should be. Thin and crisp crust, great sauce and just the right amount of cheese. The cookies and pies are fantastic as well. Give it a go!Disclaimer: I only get cheese pizza from here, so I can't speak for their other pizzas. But I say you know a good pizza place for its cheese slice, and Four Sons truly makes some of the tastiest cheese pizza in all of Philly, for a great price. I've made this my go-to spot when I'm craving pizza.Disclaimer: I only get cheese pizza from here, so I can't speak for their other pizzas. But I say you know a good pizza place for its cheese slice, and Four Sons is by far my favorite cheese pizza in the city. I'll come back to update this if another ends up taking first place, but Four Sons truly makes some of the best cheese pizza in all of Philly. Price is right too. Check them out.Ordered from Newts Playground for Wayne Day, an annual event memorializing Wayne Elliss who was murdered in Fishtown 17 years ago, but I digress. Called and spoke to the nice young lady on the phone, told her where we were at and said we have $x how many pies can we get? She talked to the owner and came back and gave us a great special. What I like is the authenticity of the people on the phone-friendly and accommodating. She let us know it would be out shortly. This was at 10:10 pm. I got a text at 10:35 from the store saying your food will be there shortly. Not even 5 minutes later got a call from the driver who just wanted to confirm where we were at. Met the nice gentleman at the gate and we got our food. We got pepperoni and plain, 10 pies in all. At first I thought that was fast, pizza might be just ok. I was wrong! Pizza was delicious! The crust is chewy and the sauce and cheese ratio were great, sauce wasn't sweet or bitter it was just right. I'm from South Philly, the land of pizza everywhere, and whenever I'm in Fishtown to see family, this will be the place I order from or stop by to grab a couple of pies to take home. This place is a must try and I'm sure you won't be disappointed. Thank you Four Sons!Ordered Jumbo pizza and Plain fries. The delivery was within 40 minutes which is very good but the food was cold and the pizza was a large and not a jumbo. It's seems to me they had the stuff laying around and sent it to me. They are crazy priced(Don't even have specials) and the quality is not near what they charge. Never again will I waste money here.Awful. For nearly 30 dollars half the cheese did not remains on the pizza. Spinach also apparently means two three spinach leaves randomly dispersed on a 16 inch pizza. Stay far away from this place. 
Ill let the pizza speak for itself.  http://imgur.com/ybTCvc8Four Sons has a great pizzeria ambience with their brick ovens and appropriate seating areas. But we frequent Four Sons because of their great buttermilk chicken tenders and their crisp large pizza slices. I dare say that Four Sons has surpassed Pizza Brain in the creativity and quality of the slices offered, however if you're craving a slice of General Tsos I'd recommend calling ahead so to avoid disappointment if they aren't in the mood to make a whole pie just to give you a slice. The mozzarella is always always fresh tasting, sauce is good (not too sweet or too spicy) and the pizza crust is perfectly baked.
I had the chicken parm with penne today for the first time which was covered in insane amounts of mozzarella and tasty pieces of chicken with perfectly cooked penne. My recommendation is that you share one bowl with another person because it's soo much pasta, but they should add more chicken to be proportionate with the pasta. 
I also feel like customer service wise they are probably the nicest in the area when it comes to pizzerias. The front area girls are always super friendly. It's annoying that they charge a dollar fee for every card purchase, but I know merchant fees can be a bit much. My hope is that they find a way to end this practice. 
If you work up enough appetite do NOT pass up their desserts. Baklava, sweet potato pie (last fall season) and personal cheesecakes. You'd be surprised that a pizzeria might become your new fave dessert spot.First time order. Delivery was fast and friendly. Red pizza was amazing. Ordered garlic parmesan wings as well..... Only downside was the sauce... Seems like it was more of a garlic parmesan cheese melted on top and by the time it was delivered the cheese had set so you could peel off all the cheese leaving good, crispy, large wings but little flavor. Had I ordered Buffalo I'm sure they would be amazing ... It if the garlic parmesan was a sauce. I will definitely give them another shot as the pizza was so damn good. Wings were too after some Frank's Buffalo sauce came to the rescue :)Ordered delivery from here. We ordered hot wings, a bacon cheeseburger combo, and garlic sticks. The food is good; the wings are great even. Will definitely order from here again. One star off because we received garlic knots instead of sticks (whatever), but also didn't receive the french fries that were supposed to accompany the burger.One of the best slices/pies in town, the specialty slices ( general tso's slice my god) very affordable slices, and friendly staff. What's not to love?Been ordering from this place for awhile now and for the most part this is a solid place. The food is always good, no matter what we order, and it comes hot and fresh. Sometimes they forget little things like extra dressings or burger toppings but c'est la vie. The chicken tenders are out of this world... hot, fresh, crunchy not soggy, and they don't have that weird frozen crummy fried stuff on it. Pizzas are delicious and the crust is nice and thin and not doughy. Good amounts of food for the money too.Stopped by here last night for dinner and I have to say I'm very impressed with the pizzas.  They had bunch of different slices which was awesome so we were able to try the General Tso's, Margarita, and plain.  My husband and I also split the cheese steak and fries combo which was very flavorful.  We will definitely stop back here again.Our favorite place for delivery in the Fishtown/Port Richmond area,the dough is so delicious,I could eat just the crust and be happy,the sauce is also really good! They make a general Tso's pizza that We order most of the time,So good! Can't forget about the wings and my favorite,the HOMEMADE delicious desserts.
bottom line,food is always consistently good and delivery,very fast!  We Will stick to Four sons for sure!This is my go-to spot. Everything I've ordered from here has been great. The pizza, sandwiches, desserts, you really can't go wrong. Four Sons really cares about everything they make, which is unfortunately pretty rare when it comes to take-out places around here. 10/5 stars.Ordered $30 dollars worth of pizza an it was all burnt. Contacted the establishment that was so busy with deliveries that they weren't concerned with their current customers. Additionally how are you able to have a commercial business with no Legitimate signage??? Extremely shady business beware an save money this place will suck all the cash out of you. Be aware
The owner has responded with nothing enlightening, perhaps a sorry or a discount not the case here. Charge $18 for a large pepperoni pizza that's "OVERCOOKED"/"burnt". The owner acknowledges the pizza is garbage by trying to play the favorites. Ellio's pizza is above this pizza.Best delivery pizza in Fishtown. Just very solid, somewhere between the big cheesy pies of Franco's and the chewy softness of a Neopolitan.The pizza was good but just a little burnt. The pizza guy was really nice but took a while. No I do not recommend this place if you like soft crust. If you do like Brent cross then I do recommend this place . Personally I like burnt crust. Everything else was good about it.We were in town for a wedding and decided after the rehearsal dinner to get pizza because we were starving! Not being from town we relied on yelp to find us some good yoms. This place delivered! Amazing New York style pizza and a super clean kitchen to boot! Lady who took our order and then ran the cashier wasn't exactly thrilled to be working and could really work on her customer service but seriously the pizza 100% made up for it! Loved that you can see the brick oven and inside the kitchen. I'm a bit of a clean freak and like being able to see where my food is made. I wish I could come back but unfortunately I probably won't be because of distance.I am blown away with who the hell puts parmesan cheese flakes on buffalo wings? Why, would you even serve this to your customers?. A basic and easy dish to make had absolutely no taste. Ruin my dinner!The pizza was very greasy. The cheese was very slippery, when I picked it up the cheese slipped off. The only reason I'm giving y'all a 3 star is because the Stromboli was great.Ordered delivery: 20 garlic parmesan wings for me and my roomie. They were tasty, but too bad they were the tiniest wings we've ever had. Probably coulda had 20+ each...we had to order more food from somewhere elseStop your search. Best pizza in the neighborhood here, hands down. Not just good but consistently good. Legit pizza oven that pumps out that perfect crust you've been looking for. Always tons of slices available (huge and cheap btw). Theres some decent seating inside and a huge patio. The place is usually busy- due to awesome pizza- but I've always received good service. I was bringing pies up to the tired hands spot all summer and these dopes with their hipster pizzas were always pissed they spent twice as much for glorified cardboard after they tried Four Sons.The most legit New York pizza I've had in Philly. As a born and raised New Yorker, I'm admittedly a pizza snob and always on the hunt for good pizza. Four Sons is the first place I've tried in Philly that I would go out of my way to get.This place is awesome! I order tomato pie here regularly and the pizza is delicious and they are quick even on busy weekend nights. The employees are always super friendly and the food is reasonably priced. What more could you ask for?Pretty good place to checkout. Delicious food that comes fast and hot, fair priced so you're getting your money's worth, and has friendly customer service from the employees that make sure you got everything you need to enjoy yourself.Finding great pizza it's like finding a golden ticket so when you stumble upon something that looks fantastic we got to go check it out.
From the outside this place in Fishtown is very unassuming but I did 
see pictures of their food and rave reviews. 
The inside is better than I expected and their Pizza oven was very legit. 
Wood-Fired and rotating with a beautiful dome. 
Friday night and no plans we figured let's go check it out. 
They have a plethora of slices you can choose from which I always like seeing. Not getting stuck buying just a whole pie . 
Their slices are huge, so we got three of them to split. They were happy to do it for us. 
We tried a margarita slice that was very tasty,sauce was top notch. 
Dough was perfect. 
We also tried the General Tso's , which is very unique. I enjoyed it very much had a little kick to it. The wife said not her favorite.
Lastly we tried a slice of their plain, which was really perfect. 
Since pizza is not enough, we split a cheesesteak. 
Meat was good well-seasoned and the roll was real soft and fresh. 
Overall it was good just not a ton of meat, but that's okay quality sometimes surpasses quantity. 
We also split an order of chicken fingers which they make fresh in house. That was the reason that intrigued me to begin with and they were excellent. Juicy, excellent breading,very well flavored. 
Came with a side of fries which were good but standard. 
I will definitely be hitting this place up again for sure. Place was jumping
and the staff was friendly. They were quick as well. 
Highly recommended this spot could not have been happier. Bravo!!!We decided not to head back to Houston without getting pizza. My husbands from Philly, so this was a treat. The staff was friendly and the food was delicious-the wings had fresh Parmesan-what a surprise. I think they may be missing out on business because there's no signage-thank goodness for the directions given in the app.I don't in live in Philadelphia, but when I come on the weekends, I crave the best pizza around. This place has it. Great service, fantastic food, and a place that I've gone to frequently.