Hot and new? Not, more like hot and nasty ... I was not impressed ....I had the mac n cheese burger and wanted to vomitcame to oh brother because a friend recommended it as "one of the best cheese steaks" in philly. they were wrong.
we got some cheese steaks, bacon cheese fries and onion rings, and a milk shake. the steaks were... less than phenomenal. the meat was tough, and the bread lacked the structural integrity that i expect out of a grade a cheesesteak.
the appetizers and the shakes were good, but it's hard to imagine how those could be poorly made. it was a decent meal.The food is good.  Ordered a basic cheese burger and truffle fries.  The problem is pricing.  It's waaaay to expensive for basic food served in baskets and you are expected to clean your own tables.  Burger does not come with fries.. so a burger and truffle fries = $16.50 (no drink).   Obviously, it's due to the location.. but for this, I would go to shake shack every time.   I imagine this place will stay in business for "X" amount of time because of tourists.  If you're local, you'll know better places for less.We stopped in for lunch today and had a great experience! Tried the cheesesteak with wiz and fried onions, brisket sandwich, Nutella shake and fries. Everything was delicious! Service was good and fast. The fries were especially fluffy and crispy -- very good. Also, there is a discount for Police and Fire Dept!!You could taste the steak's freshness but do not get the plain cheesteak well it isn't even a cheesteak because it doesn't bring cheese. It is very dry I was not impressed by this place. The size of their cheesteaks are good though and the staff is friendlyI got it for the first time a week ago and thought the food was pretty good. Decided to get it today and tried calling them earlier where I was placed on hold for 5 minutes before I hung up because I'm pretty sure they just forgot. Tried calling around dinner time and they actually just disconnected the line. Don't spend money here when the customer service is obviously piss poorWe live in the neighborhood and finally made it into Oh Brother. My husband had the brisket sandwich and loved it, the meat was very tender and flavorful. I had a cheeseburger and was quite surprised at how good it was. And the bacon cheese fries were delicious. As an added bonus they are open to 4am on weekends!eh... at best. got the cheesesteak and cheeseburger. both were decently juicy but also could have had a little more flavor. just a spot for touristsBest veggie burger and fries for me. My guests enjoyed their burgers, especially the one with mushroom. Great service. We enjoyed our quick dinner here!Good food. Great and fast service. Clean facilities. Would recommend. Small menu but good food.A group of friends and I went here last night on a recommendation from another colleague of mine. There were four of us and we got French onion cheesesteak, regular cheesesteak with no onions and American cheese and 2 of us got the Mac and cheese burger. We also had a side order of fries and onion rings. The food was all amazing. The burgers with fried Mac and cheese as the buns we out of control large and filling! The place is BYOB and so we just ate and hung out all night. Highly recommend if your in the area.These burgers were awful. The burger descriptions and positive reviews drew us in and wow were we disappointed. Skimpy on toppings. Tiny burger for the price. And worst of all the burgers tasted like frozen cafeteria patties. Left a horrible taste in our mouths and we are generally not picky about our burgers. On the plus side the actual restaurant was pleasant enough.i ordered with my co-workers and wrote specifically what i wanted for each order in the special instructions area. out of all the orders my sandwich was incorrect so I called. the lady who answered the phone initially did not seem helpful and even asked me what would i like her to do about my incorrect order I received. then i was told to re-order my sandwich online again but the fee would be waived. i was not able to do that either since there's a minimum online for delivery so i had to call back again and was placed on hold then told they would re-make my sandwich and bring it out.
i felt that should have been done in the first place. had it not been for the owner calling me and delivering my sandwich and being very nice about everything and apologetic i would not order again. but the way he handled things would personally i would order again as long as he handles the order. i did try my sandwich finally and it really does taste good. i got the pulled buffalo chicken. the right amount of hot sauce and kick.Came into philly for business. Buddy found this place, seemed promising but not amazing. The Mac n cheese was a bit bland, the fried Mac n cheese buns had an after taste that was clear the oil was dirty. Google says 4.8 stars apparently but yelp is 4. I'd say 4 is closer. The mushrooms were great the dipping sauce a bit spicy so that's good. Staff were pleasant and fun to talk with. Awesome decor, clean and super friendly.Amazing cheese steak sandwiches. The best quality meat. Zero fat. Your choice of cheese at no extra cost. We're in town from CA and we both said it's the best cheesesteak we've ever had.
It is BYOB so if you want that beer to wash it down, stop on 2nd street and grab a single beer at the beer market.
Check it out, you won't be disappointedThis place was recommended by hotel. The cheese steak was pretty good but nothing to go out of your way for. Near Sonny's and Campos. It was not crowded when we went. Food delivery took about ten minutes. Price for cheese steak was 9$. The brisket was also pretty good.Nice laid back atmosphere. BYOB. Good food. Good service. Great prices. Great find!  
My bf wanted to go to NYC to get the mac & cheese burger w fried mac & cheese buns. I mean he wouldn't stop talking about it! It's been  going on for a year. A friend posted about her cheese steak at Oh Brother so I checked out the menu. Let's just say I hv additional brownie points  Had to thank her.Crazy food, and worth a stop in old town philly. The burger listed has Mac n cheese AND fried MAC as the bun - crazinessI was this store yesterday before go flanklin ice cream and I Oder cheese steak and bacon fries 
Steaks is just normal not the best , not the bed
But it is crazy hot in store!!!
They are keep open door and no AC!!!
My blouse was wet! I could not finished
It was bed experience !!Great food, great staff!  Very friendly, let my kids watch a movie while we ate!  We ordered the philly steak sandwich and philly fries, all were perfectly prepared!The crispy chicken sandwich has to be my go to menu item. With its crispy crust and juicy inside it makes a drooling combination. They have unique French fry selections like chili & lime. And for those who like dessert fried Oreos &  Twinkie's. Oh and it's byob!Really like this place, haven't gotten around to trying the cheesesteak yet but the brisket sandwich I had was great, staff is nice as wellEverything is really well made, the food is carefully and made with a lot of attention to detail. This isn't just some quick fast food place! They are kid friendly- both with menu items and plenty of seating. their milkshakes are AMAZING! A French onion cheesteak, come on it doesn't get better than this! WAY better than the close competitors when it comes to cheesesteaks. the owner is nice and friendly also! Welcome to the neighborhood Oh Brother, your a welcome addition to Old City!I'm only able to rate the food, not the actual restaurant ambiance, since we got it through Grubhub. But I was so disappointed. We got burgers, each the same, and they were SO SO SO PEPPERY. Someone had completely dredged them in black pepper. WHY?!!! All I could taste was pepper. I could almost tell that the burger underneath all that pepper wasn't bad, was decently sized, but it was suffocated underneath so, so much pepper that my mouth was on fire and I had to eat some yoghurt after to soothe it. I cannot imagine why anyone would ruin a burger this way, but I've encountered this elsewhere, too. I just saw so many good reviews of this place, I expected better. If you don't like to taste nothing but pepper, don't eat the burgers here.This place only opened a few days ago but it already is an Old City staple in our eyes. My fiancé and I went for lunch - She had the vegan burger, which was made in-house and so fresh, and I had the classic cheese burger, which was a picture perfect burger (but I didn't take a picture because I ate it too fast). We also had the truffle parmesan fries which were crispy and as amazing as they sound, and the cookies and cream milk shake. Even after all that food we both agreed we didn't feel "gross" as you might after eating so much, because it was such high quality guilty pleasure food!. :) The owners are super cool, friendly and really care about supporting other local business owners. They also renovated the inside themselves, and it has a great vibe. If you are deciding between here and anywhere else in old city, choose Oh Brother! We will probably see you there.Love this spot! Some of the best cheesesteak around Highly recommend steak fries, burgers and the chicken sandwich also. Today we had a cheesesteak (wit) American it was pretty meaty and fresh, great roll. Prefer their cheesesteak over the South Philly establishments and the South Street area's.Stopped here after a trip to the Museum of the American Revolution. I ordered the pulled buffalo chicken and the chili lime fries. Service was quick and the sandwich was delicious. The fries came with sriracha mayo that was excellent. My daughter had the buttermilk chicken fingers  and a chocolate milkshake that she enjoyed.
We will be back!Oh Brother has great food especially the pulled buffalo chicken sandwich with a gluten free roll! We have also had the burgers, steak sandwiches and the fries, which have all been delicious. I almost forgot about the fried Twinkies! Get the fried Twinkies. Besides the food being delicious , all of the staff is very friendly.Was very excited to try this place after following them on instagram but unfortunately I will not be returning. Firstly, they forgot my cheese fries but door dash credited me. Then the cheesesteak was mostly onions.. there was barely any meat at all!!! I also paid for the extra American cheese & they forgot that as well! Lastly the vanilla milkshake was literally straight milk!! How does that even happen? I don't think I've ever had one place mess up every single item!I love burgers and this place was amazing! I got a bacon cheeseburger with fried mac
and cheese instead of a hamburger roll.  The French fries were also good.  The prize were the fried Oreos. Truly amazing was the kind, compassionate service by the charming owner/manager(?). He walked my aunt to the car when I came around to pick her up! What a find!One of the best cheesesteaks I've had in Philly, hands down my favorite go to spot for a steak.French onion cheesesteak is crazy good. Chili lime fries with sriracha sauce are also amazing. Friendly people - great spot. Also BYO which is coolRight up front, full disclosure:  I don't know jack squat about "authentic" or "traditional" cheesesteaks or roast pork.  Mind you, you can get "Philly cheesesteak" sandwiches just about anywhere in the U.S., but I have no idea whether or not they're the genuine article when I come across them.
So I don't have the first clue how Oh Brother's sandwiches measure up by those standards.  In any event, this shop is brand new, and if you're looking for an experience at a "classic" Philadelphia cheesesteak emporium, this is definitely not your place.  
But if you're looking for a tasty, filling sandwich as a break from hitting all the tourist sites in the vicinity, it might just be.  We got pulled in by some five-star reviews, many of which were suspiciously fake, and it seems that Yelp has since adjudged them that way.  Nonetheless, the sandwiches here are gigantic and a great value at $10 or $11.  (One sandwich might be big enough for two people, depending on appetite.  I polished off a whole one, but probably shouldn't have.)  The roast pork, "authentic" or not, was a damn good, if simple, sandwich:  tender sliced pork, provolone, spinach, and hot peppers on a decent sub roll.  Meanwhile, the cheesesteak was big and filling, but the meat seemed a little dry.  Good fries, too.  The food seemed to be made to order; it took a little while to come out, and came out piping hot,
Oh Brother also focuses heavily on burgers, but we didn't try those.
We walked into an empty restaurant, so our wait wasn't too bad.  But we were followed by a big group of touring kids with chaperones.  That group's food seemed to emerge from the kitchen with painful sluggishness.  
The staff and owners seemed to be from Eastern or Southeastern Europe --correct me if I'm wrong--and were helpful and pleasant.  
Finally, it'd be pretty cool if the name of this restaurant was something other than "Oh Brother Philly."Cheese steak was really good! Everything tastes fresh. Environment was clean and staff was very friendly and accommodating.Randomly stopped in during a family Father's Day weekend in Philly. It looks new and it was very clean. The staff was very nice and actually redid 2 of our buns when the kids didn't realize they came with sauce on them. We had 2 types of steak sandwiches, 2 burgers, and honey bbq wings. All very fresh and delicious. The regular fries were crisp and tasty - but the chili lime ones were Top Notch!!  Only recommendation we'd give is a larger variety on the fountain drink machine. Worth a try!We came here after a BYOB bus tour of Philly and the food was just delicious! We had two cheesesteaks, one with cheese whiz and one with American cheese, and they were both really tasty. Much better than the more touristy cheesesteak chains in Philadelphia and in a much cleaner and more organized restaurant. Definitely need to try Oh Brother Philly the next time you're in town!The Philly cheese steak was tasty and generous. We shared one between 2 people. However, we waited over half an hour for one sandwich and one order of friesThis place was awesome. The third cheesesteak place I have been in this neighborhood so far on my trip and BY FAR the best. 
If your choosing between this place and other cheesesteak places in the neighborhood (which shall not be named), go here. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!Stopped in for lunch on a rainy Saturday. Staff was super attentive and very helpful navigating the menu. Cheesesteak was best I've had in Philly. Fries were crispy but still light and fluffy. Very good first impression from Oh Brother Philly. Will definitely return when I'm back in town.This place is legit!
Best cheesesteak sandwich I've ever had!
Sounds cliché, I know. But lemme explain.
I've been coming to Philly town for over 20 years. In that time I've tried all
kinds of recommendations from friends, colleagues, and strangers.
I've tried the other "Local Faves" on Market St., and the popular place on South St. I've also suffered the two tourist traps down on Passyunk Ave. ( Awful)
I came here on recommendation by fellow co-workers.  I wasn't really hungry,  but I thought I'd give it a try. 
I ordered the French Onion Cheesesteak Sandwich.
My sandwich was Awesome.
The atmosphere is chill. You don't feel like ya gotta conform to some premadana left coast bs here.
This place is great.This might be my new favorite cheesesteak in Philly. So full of flavor and a good amount of meat in the cheesesteak itself. Great roll too. I just finished the one I got and I wish I had another :)Amazing food. Fresh and great service   Brought some people from out of town and they were blown away.  Fresh food.  IncredibleI ordered a veggie burger from Oh Brother Philly for dinner yesterday, and I have been up all night puking. I'm pretty sure I've got food poisoning. Beware.Best burger ever!! And the fries...omg. Was out in Old City for the first time in a long time to celebrate my 40th. We got done having some cocktails and wanted to grab some sandwiches. We were walking past Oh Brothers,  and decided to pop in. We were not disappointed! I got the guacamole burger and parmesan truffle fries.  My husband and brother got cheesesteaks. The burger was seriously so good and the truffle fries were the best fries I ever had. I did grab a bite of cheesecake too....HUGE sandwich, and the bread can not be beat! If you want a good sandwich you have to go to Oh Brothers!!
And one of the owners is a redhead, so...This place is amassing.  We had the pork sandwich. The fries were great. You need to make this stop.My new favorite spot in Philly! I've had a cheese steak almost every spot in Philly but this beats all! Amazing food, reasonable price, & excellent customer service. I will definitely be returning! Strongly recommend!!!Came here during a quick trip to Philly after seeing all of the positive reviews on here, but left very underwhelmed. The wait wasn't too long and the inside was comfortable, especially after walking around in the 90 degree weather. We ordered the Shroom Truffle Cheesesteak, Chicken Cheesesteak, Hamburger & Fries. The food was ok, nothing special that you couldn't get somewhere else. The steak was quite dry and French fries were decent, but not seasoned at all. The 2 stars are really for the service, ambiance, and fact that the food was edible. If you're looking for an average sandwich with not much flavor, go for it. If you're looking for a really good Cheesesteak to highlight your Philly trip, I would definitely look somewhere else.Great place for a quick meal, the burger and cheese fries were delicious.  Nothing out of this world but tasty enough to four stars.  The service was a friendly and fast.Maybe it's because I ate there at 2 am but u can find a better burger at Wendys. I purchased the liberty burger medium and of course it came out well done dead with two sad itty bitty pieces of brisket.  13 DOLLARS REALLY??? "For who, for what" You would think the most expensive burger on the menu would be mind blowing, instead it's a complete dud.  In addition, I stated that I was dining in but the food came out in a to go box.  The Parmesan truffle fries were very good.  Oh and btw my wife ordered the shroom truffle burger and it honestly tasted like sour cream.  U can get better food at 2 am in old city.  I'd would be willing to try this place again during normal business hours.I ordered the cheesesteak fries  and really enjoyed  it. Small portion was just right go lunch.Sandwich was dry and i was not a fan of the front counter girl telling me that they closed at 11 and I had plenty of time when I ordered at 10. Not impressed.We just had dinner tonight at Oh Brother and can honestly say they have awesome Philly Cheesesteaks! We each had the cheesesteaks that have guyere cheese and carmelized onions. They are to die for! The fries are unique as well. We shared a regular sized order of fries and that was more than enough due to the size of the cheesesteaks. Oh, and the bread on the cheesesteaks is fabulous. Service was friendly and excellent! We highly recommend you eat here or order to go! Amazing! Only regret we have is that we are visiting and can't become regulars!Food was good but they let a customer with a dog sit and eat right next to me unfortunately.Love the outside seating just not to happy with the panhandlers but what can they do. Our meal was great. Vegan burgers and fries.Two words: FRIED OREOS. 
Okay, 1 more word: YESSSSSSSSSS!!
Seriously, amazing. 
Oh and the cheesesteak is good too. But the fried Oreos were definitely the star of my dinner show.Really nice people working here helping us Californians order! Got the truffle burger on a pretzel bun that was amazing! The desserts were BOMB! Can't wait to come again :)This might be my new favorite cheesesteak place, super friendly service and an overall great experienceAMAZING! After being disappointed at Jim's famous steaks, decided to give it another shot at having a good Philly cheesesteak before heading back to NY. The cheesesteaks here are delicious!! You can taste how fresh the meat is, and the bread ?!! The yelper that wrote about it did not lie! The bread  would be great even on its own ! Crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. Not only is the food great but also the people who work here, everyone was very nice and made it very easy for us. The place was clean and stocked also. If you are coming to Philly this place is a must!!!Best Philly Cheese steak around! In town visiting tried a few locations. The staff is super nice, the facility is very clean, and the food is delicious!!!Great new spot in Old City. They put a lot of attention to detail on the inside of the place which shows as soon as you walk in. 
Service was quick but not so quick that you'd think it was pre-made. We had both the Guac and regular burgers. As a self proclaimed fry king, their fries are DOPE. 
BYOB makes this place even better. I would come back especially during the summer season when I can sit outside.This place is the definition of delicious food! Everything on the menu is mouth watering. I had the Mac&Cheese Bun Burger it's was to die for! If my wallet could afford it I'd go every day and get something new. Friendly staff, clean restaurant, and quality food. 100% 5 star worthyStopped in with a bunch of 5th graders on a class trip... Picked it because the menu had something for everyone and was reasonably priced.  Man, did we get lucky!  Cheese steaks were AMAZING!  Kids said the burgers and chicken sandwich we're delicious as well.   Staff was friendly and welcoming... Which I wasn't expecting when you walk in with a bunch of kids.  They took their time and helped each of them place their orders.  Coming back next time we are in town!Not your classic experience but definitely tasty! 
Favorite was the french au jus followed by the parm fries and truffle creme fresh. Lastly its totally worth doing an Instagram shot for some free fried oreos!Chicken sandwich - do not order this!
This is a ball of salt that punches you right in the mouth, and getting you set up for high blood pressure life. 
I had to throw this out after taking two bites of this hot mess. It was my first time trying this place and it is highly disappointing. 
My friends got French onion cheesesteaks and apparently it was mediocre. Go to ocampos or sonnys instead. 
#ohbrother what a waste of money..This place!! Just opened.. Kinda sad Beirstube shut down.. lil skeptical about the new spot...
Walked in today craving burgers.
Oh man. Not only do they have PHENOMENAL regular burgers, but the vegan burger?! No soy tofu crap... instead corn n black beans and guac and pickled onions, amazing house sauce, fantastic bread great prices (get the pb&j shake..) List goes on.. Burgers on pretzels, fried oreos.........!!!!
Cheers guys, love this new spot.
You were not wrong.... Best burgers in the neighborhood.Excellent food and friendly service! We had cheesesteaks, crispy chicken sandwiches and the Mac n cheese heaven burger.New to the foodie scene in Old city so i figured I'd try this spot I've only heard good things about Oh brother they've only been here for 8 months ! I got the crispy chicken sandwich topped with the "Oh Bro sauce" , lettuce ,tomatoes and pickles ! Delicious to say the least they also offer a free order of fresh cut fries with your first check in! Lastly try their cheesesteak / cheese whiz they have the steak from heaven  I would definitely return, great customer service!Came to Philly for a conference and had my first mea here. It was great and the guy ( the owner??) was very nice. So I would definitely recommend this place. They treat the food serious :) - VivianLate on a Tuesday and I almost walked to 2nd and Market with nothing being opened! Super happy to have stumbled upon this place, which I've seen online recently. The prices are all pretty average for the neighborhood, and the cheesesteak fries, while small, were so cheesy, juicy and delicious! The steak on top was perfectly cooked, and the mac and cheese burger was cooked nicely as well. It was weird that everything closed so early, but being able to eat here was the highlight of my evening. Food came out quickly, they have a patio and indoor space, and I feel like I'll be back next time I'm around that area and need a cheesesteak.Ordered their best philly and was not disappointed.  Highly recommend.    I chose the place on a yelp recommendation and was very pleased.Great service, great food, great vibe. Visited from Va and they were beyond courteous. First time trying a Philly cheeseteak and Misty walked us through it all with a huge smile. Also it's byob (not bring your own brother like I thought  but booze!! lol) yes I said booze. That would never happen in Dc lol. Try the chili lime fries With siracha mayo Oh and they have cool desserts!By far the best cheesesteak I have had. Chili lime fries were phenomenal also. Fried Oreos were great also. Friendly staff. Our next trip to the east coast will definitely include a stop here again.Full disclosure, I am Philly cheesesteak novice. Family had a round of cheesesteak sandwiches. We thought the sandwiches were very tasty and consisted of quality ingredients, but they could  have had more moisture for my taste. The bread slightly overshadowed the meat, which was the star.  I wish I would have discovered the pickle and pepper area prior to eating my sandwich. That could have added the moistness I was hoping for. 
The restaurant is very nice and clean. The staff is very friendly and helpful.  Strong allergy conscious food prep practices for preventing cross contamination too.Have been here a couple times since they opened and the food had been great so far. Great when the weather is nice and you can sit out at the tables on MarketI had the Mac and cheese burger. It was very good and cheesy, however it was almost impossible to pick up, so I ate it with a fork and knife. Wonderful fries and staff!! Would go back again! Fresh ingredients, fast, and hot!Family friendly environment. Staff was nice. The restaurant was clean with fast service. This was my first time there and I will certainly be back! The food was amazing and the customer service was 5 star!!I really like this place!
Staff is friendly and knowledgeably about their food. 
Happy to help tourists looking for a traditional Philly.
Very clean.
Prices are on point for the area.Best and first cheese philly steak in Philly. Excellent service from Moe! You will not be disappointed.Overall pretty bad experience. We ordered on a Sunday via doordash. The food came about 45 minutes later. The cheesesteak had no flavor, the fries sucked and the milkshake had virtually no ice cream in it, rather just a cup full of milk with whipped cream on top. They also forgot to include an order of fries. Wouldn't ever go back.Love the Philly! The portion is very large, dun order too much!