Only got drinks here. nice atmosphere, fine prices. It was pretty empty when I went in on a Thursday night. Good bartender and nice selectionsMy office either goes here or Cavanaugh's for firm sponsored happy hours.  I think I like O'Shea's better because its less crowded and hot in the summer.  They have Abita Purple Haze which makes me happy.  They provided an assortment of fried foods that were enjoyed by all.Came here w our family of 5. Wasn't our first choice, but ended up being pleasantly surprised. Waitress was so nice and attentive and the food was good. I had a delicious crab cake sandwich. My family had fish and chips and all loved! My husband said it was the best fish and chips he has had in awhile. Also, we had the cheese shot for an appetizer and it was crazy delicious! Not getting 5 stars because the bathroom was dirty.We held our group's holiday party for 10 people here with an open bar and a small buffet and everything went so well.
Great service and good filling food like roast beef, ham and great mac and cheese.
They also served individual garden salads in small torilla bowls - cute and tasty!
Fun and great times always at Oh! Shea's.My partner & I went on a Saturday afternoon around 1PM which was perfect because there was about four other people at the pub. We just finished running some errands and wanted a new place to try out and this seemed to fit the bill perfectly. 
The food was great. I got the Oh! Shea's burger which has bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, and Jameson infused cheese atop a buttery brioche bun. If you're making a face at the cheese--I assure you: it was delicious! It tasted nothing like whiskey, it adds a richness and complexity to the cheese that otherwise would not be there. The bacon was not too crispy nor too chewy but just right. My partner got the mac & grilled cheese which was also good. It came with tomato soup that was freshly prepared and had the right amount of basil, and zest to it. Perfect for dipping! We'll have to try the baked mac & cheese next. 
The bar is standard with a few beers on tap. Nothing special but all the standards: Yuengling, Guinness, Blue Moon, etc. The service was impeccable. My partner who is legally blind appreciated greatly the service by our bartender. For example, placing a drink in front of her, and then telling her exactly where it was, same with the food; and only giving us one menu (for me to read to her.) 
All-in-all it was the perfect lunch out and I can definitely say that we'll be back!Your traditional Irish pub. Not memorable, slightly overpriced for normal drinks. Didn't eat here, so I can't say anything about the food. Friendly staff though.Was nervous at first after reading reviews, but all in all really good place! You can definitely tell the locals come here to hang out which is cool. Friendly atmosphere and good spots to hang out. The bar in the middle of the place divides the sit down spot to eat from high top tables to drink on the other side of the restaurant. Everyone in my party got a mix of food. Wings, burgers, a reuben , crab cakes, French onion soup, and even a salad! Everyone enjoyed the food, although my burger was a little salty. Our server Pat was awesome!!! So funny and cool. Overall pretty good place!I have been to Oshea's a couple of time for poker and this is definitely one of my favortie places so far to play poker. The service is SPOT on (Chris is amazing) which is very important when you play. Indeed, Chris always comes around asking if we need anything and understand that people who plays card don't want to miss a hand to ask for a drink or food (not every waiter understand that). For the food, I tried their salad and even though I don't think you can go wrong with a salad, the grilled chicken was tasty and the amount of dressing was just enough. I also tried the Jameson's cheese shot and this was just Great! I love the green beans crisps and the cheese was so good. I would stop by at this place even if it wasn't; for poker.Five stars. Why? Name me one bar that's one half block off of Rittenhouse Square with good food and drinks that are half the cost of any other Rittenhouse location? If you don't know, the "Square" is where the adults go in center city...unlike Old City, which is all college kids.
Typical "Square" prices are like "Rouge" and "Smith and Wolensky"... Their lite beer is $9!!! Cocktails are $14. I feel completely insulted when I leave places like that.
Oh! Shea's happy hour is $3 cocktails and beer (you have to ask which ones) and half priced appetizers. A no brainer. Do the math!!Three stars is somewhat of a gift.  Sunday afternoon and looking for a place near Rittenhouse that isn't bonkers.  Was looking at nearby Rachel's Nosherea but elected Oh Shea's for football games.  Nice enough place with lots of TV's and was greeted by bartender asking what game I wanted to watch so I could be seated near that TV.
Waiter came over and I asked what their specialty was.  He said grilled macaroni and cheese sandwich with tomato soup.  OK I'm in.  My wife ordered the turkey with walnut - cranberry salad .
Sandwich was interesting and OK.  Soup was about two ounces of barely warm tomato soup served in something you would get a small side of pickles in.  Came with fries about the same temperature as the soup; very filling.  Nothing special.  Salad was average.  Not your big chopped walnut salad served in other sports bars.
Food below par.  Service good. Probably great for drinks and watching a game.  Skip if dining out.Oh Shea's is OK. It's great if you want to go somewhere quiet and not crowded for a beer and to watch a game.  But there's not much of a selection of beers on tap and the food is just so-so. Come here if you want to hear what your companions are saying and have room to sit down at a table.I just had the Cuban Sandwich yesterday and Oh MY god it was just DELICIOUS! I really like Oh Shea's and i think they deserve 5 stars for their consistency at providing good service! The food is always good and served pretty quickly (compared to a lot of other places I go to play poker, it s a major plus!) See ya Oh shea's Sundays and wednesdays!It's a nice place for some space. SItting at the bar, I can just watch some TV and not be bothered. I usually come with my co-workers who have a hoot with the regulars. The bartender, Chris, is awesome. Super nice guy to serve you alcohol.A classic Irish pub. Nothing much special. Conversational bartender. They have pub food and yuengling. They don't open for soccer matches in the am. I don't know if I'll rush back, unless for St Patrick's day.I really liked this Pub, it had a really chill and relaxed atmosphere. We came here during lunch to watch a Saints game and everyone had a good time. We sat in a cool area with a fireplace and a nice, big, flatscreen TV to watch the game on. John our server was really nice and attentive. We asked him if he could put the Saints game on for us even though we were pretty sure that everyone there didn't want to watch that game but he nicely put it on the big TV for us. I had the Chicken pita and tasted the Bourbon wings. The Chicken pita was huge and very filling and the wings had just the right amount of sauce so that it wasn't drowning the wings in it. Nice chill place.friend/coworker stopped by after a bourgeoisie event. we just wanted to unwind in a chill and nonpretentious environment. this was a great choice. it was a pretty quiet thursday evening...i can imagine it gets crazier on the weekend and during happy hours...but i was grateful for the lack of patrons this particular night. the bartender was very friendly and everybody in that night were regulars. it's got a sports bar like vibe to it...i'll def be stopping by after work for happy hour to check out what it's like then.Went by for the Sunday ticket today b/c Cavanaughs was packed.  Pretty disappointed across the board.  The decor- which Id overlook if it was the only thing- was straight out of the 80's.  DARK green walls and wood.  I felt like Diane from Cheers was gonna walk out. The server comes out, my boyfriend orders a bottle of yuengling- gets yuengling light.  He was then SLOW. Hardly came by our table.  We get food. A burger, a French dip, and a club.  Food was edible but VERY bland.  Nothing to it.  The club was of course double decker and quartered.  But they didn't put mayo on it. So, if you wanted mayo on it, you had to juggle the sandwich to put it on.  So it was like shoving scraps in your mouth. Fries tasted like Wendys fries. Server took as long as the halftime and 3rd quarter to clear our plates.  We had empty glasses.  Hardly came by at all. The server station was right by us and he still stiffed us!!!   Overall, its alright if there's nowhere else to watch Sunday ticket that has room, but other than that- skip it!Five stars to Oh Shea's - hell yeah.... that's an ironic 5 stars but well deserved.  I was dragged here back in the day by a couple of coworker-types who lived close by and had managed to carve out ass-grooves (which means they were required to maintain them).  
While not really like Cheers... kinda like Cheers.  Friendly, conversant bartender and group of regulars perched on well worn, long reserved stools fully surrounding a rectangular bar.  And while the other bar area off on the other side of the place - typically dark and quiet - isn't a back room, just like in the show, when you go back there there's never anyone else there... convenient like a tv show, when the other bathroom is occupied.
Ahh, Oh Shea's a truly discovered, undiscovered jewel... like a known unknown, right Rummy?We looked up Happy Hour Sunday thinking that they had the specials as stated, but they don't any longer. The bartender was nice and honored it anyway cause we waited for a while. He was also very conversational which all bartenders should be. Drink prices were fair and will not leave a hole in your pocket. I will definitely stop by again.I came here last week with my friend. We split a pepperoni pizza at a table which was actually quite good!  I ordered a soft drink, I think she enjoyed her wine.  The bartender who served us was friendly.  I think the service was a little slow and it was a bit noisy but that's to be expected in a bar.  Bottom line is that I would go back and recommend it to others.Me and my boyfriend ate here 6/14/15 and we visit quite a few Bar&Grills,and Taverns. But the food here is nothing to brag about, The sevice was good but if your going to serve shrimp at market $ then serve the good shrimp not those processed doughy shrimps.I'll  never go eat here again.I get it. I'm a snob. I'm a snob but I can totally appreciate a place for what it is. 8pm on a Friday is not a good time to try to find a bar in Rittenhouse to watch the Phillies play a Divisional series. I scanned my mental neighborhood guide and remembered this little laid back place called Oh Shea's.
We check it out and I'm right. Tons of TVs and two seats, right at the bar - what luck! The bartender is nice, the drafts are unimpressive but the bottle list is pretty good. He even humored me when I ordered a very girly variation (if it's even possible) of a Caucasian called a Colorado bulldog. The crowd was super into the game, it was a good crowd of people too. No loud drunks out of control, just groups of friends making the best of a rough game.
I would give this place one more star if it wasn't for one thing, the food. I know this isn't the place to get a complicated meal but if you can't do wings right at a neighborhood sports spot you are missing the mark. What a bummer, the wings were so gross. They were little, overbreaded, greasy and undersauced. I would expect this on a wing night type of thing but not the regular menu standard. The bay fries were equally gross, it tasted like old seasoning and unsalted.
The check came and that was a redeeming quality. We were able to eat and drink for a few hours under $70 for two people. I'm sure I will check out Oh Shea's again to meet friends for beers and catch a game but sadly this won't become my regular spot. I'll keep looking...I felt interesting vibe from this place so I thought it is worth to leave review. Stopped by for quick drink. I am a non drinker so I can only review about bar food and ambiance. 
We ordered French fries, was unbelievably cheap.. Like $4 and they give you stack of French fries. OMG. Nothing special about that fries but for that price I was just amazed. It was just regular sports bar, not that crowded but it's located in center city anyway so I assume it would get busier during wkend or something. And I realized our waitress lady was like 60 or 70? years old beautiful lady. She was attentive and nice. She might be the owner. I am not sure, I am new here but this is something I never saw it in NYC before. I thought it was really cool :-)This place is awesome, good pub food, reasonably priced served by a very friendly staff.  Sort of the ultimate Cheers bar.Our group hosts not one but TWO parties here every year - one for the Holidays and one in late June.
Chris, Pat and the rest of the bartenders and servers treat us like good friends and keep the booze and tasty bar food flowing.
This time they had an EXCELLENT, truly excellent crab cake (sandwich or over a salad).  It was packed with crabmeat and very tasty.
Yes, this is a casual bar with "bar food" but every time I come it gets better and better.  Great classic rock tunes, your favorite sport on big TV screens and a place to just be yourself and relax.  There is no pretense at Oh! Shea's and we love them for that!Very enjoyable and affordable.
I visited during Happy Hour (YAY $4 well drinks!) and had decent potato skins as an appetizer (good for as many as three people, with an ample supply of sour cream) and then the crispy chicken sandwich with fries (a bit more for the fries, but worth it), and everything was hot and tasty. The music was a bit loud, though it's definitely a sports-type bar. Server (Mark) was quick on the draw--well done.
I will return.Don't know why it took me this long to write a review on this little gem a block away from Rittenhouse Square. I think it's much better than that Pub up the street. Whatz it called again?? 
Don't know know if Mike the AWESOME bar keep is still there, but he'll take care of you no matter if it's busy or really busy! Especially if you're a little hottie!! I used to frequent this place like...EVERY night!! Great peeps and they will make you feel like family even if it's your're a virgin first timer. Mike will make you keep coming back. He's good peoples!!
Food's actually pretty good. Hey, it's a pub...don't expect the Palms here eh?
Great place to hang out. Not pretentious at all. It's Philly.. no-wha-im-sayin! Fe-get-bout-it!Great neighborhood bar! Decent food, cheap drinks, friendly bartenders and it's never too busy so I've always found a spot at the bar. :)This place is awesome.  Stop by for their happy hour from 5 - 7pm.  Cheap small plates and $1 off most drinks.  Quick service.Came here with my cousins. Nice atmosphere. Our server Pat was courteous and helpful. I got the honey wings. Great sauce. Loved em! My cousin got the fish and chips. He was satisfied with his meal. My female cousin got motts sticks and a salad. Both satisfactory. No complaints. Quiet little gem in Rittenhouse Square with economically sound great food and a inviting atmosphere. I will return.Nothing special I can say we only stopped in for a few drinks so it's only based on that! Staff was friendly!St Patricks Day Review - 
Crowded crowded crowded, but I guess that was to be expected.  Had people outside serving beer, which was smart.  Wasn't too hard getting inside to the bar.  Drink prices were crazy, higher than on normal days.  At least there wasn't a cover.
Been here on normal days, average irish pub with decent food.Been here once and i really liked it! can't say i loved it because it was just one time... 
city sips encouraged me to try it, i had seen it before walking by 19th st and was always curious but never went. their specials are just like everyone else and apparently what the website says for city sips is NOT what they are when you get there. i ordered something assuming the website was right and i payed full price... only $7 but still i was looking forward to my half price appetizer. oh well...
their menu looks appetizing and theyre reasonably priced. its not ur typical center city bar where you have to squeeze by annoying, loud, obnoxious business people from center city networking and chatting about the finer things in life. it has 2 seperate dining rooms and bars. 
this is def a must try if you're not into pretentious happy hours served by makeup drenched bimbos and rude men who only serve those they want because they''re "cool".. this place is down to earth. love it.This review is for atmosphere only. Stopped in for a pint after a show at the Roxy.Felt very welcoming and enjoyed myself. 
My suggestion would be a to get a few craft beers on tap and a trivia night. This would then become the place where they know my name.Stopped in to a) get out of the summer heat, b) grab a brew, and c) catch some of the Phillies game.  All three accomplished, including the staff graciously changing the tv channel at our request so we could check in on the Phils.  Attentive staff (granted it wasn't a busy time) and nice beer selection.  The air conditioning was a huge plus and the overall atmosphere was very comfortable.  Would certainly return sometime to check out the food.Loved the atmosphere. The pub food is delicious. Most items are under $10 and they have happy hour from 5-7p Monday-Friday so lots of apps and drinks are $3 and $4. John the bartender is awesome. So friendly. The food was delicious.
This is a very cool and hip place where the locals hang. Very laid back.Stopped in for a quick pint and dinner while staying in downtown for business.  Really slow night but the bartender was super nice, the Guinness was poured correctly and the fish'n'chips were pretty good.  Was exactly what I was looking for.Pat our waiter was friendly and patient with the patrons. Bourbon Wings are flavorful and crisp. 
Front tow seat w sound watching the Kentucky derby. Menu has a wide variety and selection good .Great burgers!  Friendly atmosphere and good service!  I had the ocean a burger which was cooked perfectly and came with a choice of french fries or a side salad. Would definitely recommend this!HORRIBLE SERVICE - I ordered pulled pork sliders appetizer and a cuban sandwich to go. I asked if they could add an over medium egg to each slider and specifically asked that the bar tender make sure that the yolk was runny. The unfriendly bar tender agreed, as long as I would be willing to pay $4.50 extra for the three eggs. I agreed to pay the up charge and he told my husband and I that we could walk around the city for about 10 mins and come back when the food was ready. We returned to pickup the food and there was no cutlery in the bags or ketchup packets for the fries. He told me he didn't have plastic knives or ketchup packets, etc etc etc. After finally receiving the ketchup and forks to go, we left and ate our lunch in the park. The egg on the cuban sandwich was completely overcooked. The eggs on the sliders were completely overcooked as well and the service was god awful. Now I understand why there was nobody in the restaurant on a Saturday at 12 noon. What a waste of $30 bucks.Stopped in at random while waiting for another place to open, sat at the bar where some regulars were sitting, including the previous bartender. Everybody was really nice, good beer, had the pierogies and some good conversation and was on my way! I promised the guys I'd leave a good review, so here's to ya!I haven't eaten here, but Oh Shea's provided respite on a hot Sunday afternoon. The a/c was as lovely as was the beer (good selection of beer on tap), the bartender was welcoming, and the TVs -- all on sports -- were turned down low enough that you could talk without shouting. 
If you're in the Rittenhouse Square area, give Oh Shea's a try. 
Extra points: the owners name is Shea, not O'Shea.This place is great! The food was well seasoned, plentiful, and filled us up.  The service was amazing - our server joked with us and took very good care of us. The restaurant was quiet but that was ok with us. 
I would highly recommend this restaurant for the drinks, the food, and the service - you will not be disappointed! Whether you are looking for a great meal or some quick drinks, this is a great restaurant!We love you, Chris!  (And Chris's son.  I forgot your name.)
The staff at Oh! Shea's treat our group like family - which is why we'll be having our annual holiday party here for the 5th year in a row.
Reasonably priced, tasty food and good strong drinks (and beer).
Classic Rock - with lots of Rolling Stones for Maryellen and Tom on the jukebox.
It all adds up to a fun, fun, fun event!My friends have come here and are regulars - and have been for years.
Chris and the other bartenders know them and what they like to drink - and that having the Rolling Stones on the sound systems is a must.
The french dip sandwiches hit the spot after a long night out when you are hungry and the drinks are moderately priced and strong enough.
Love coming here and relaxing in a non-chi-chi atmosphere.Ridiculously overpriced for no reason. Whiskey well shots are 7 dollars, yeungling drafts are 5. The bathrooms reeked of antifreeze for no reason. Our only saving grace was Pat our server. He was the only server the bar had on the floor on a busy Saturday night and he kicked ass.I spend some time in bars. This place, without question, has the worst suited person for a bartender I have ever seen. Businesses fail when new customers aren't welcome.Cheese shot burger was a bit on the greasy side, not great. Tasted better than it looked.Great place with wonderful food and drinks! They were so kind to my service dog, too. Even brought her a little water bowl.Fantastic (accidental) find! Very tasty pub fare with friendly and attentive service. Reasonable prices and great location. The Jameson burger, Cuban sandwich, and fish and chips were surprisingly good. Will definitely come again.Server gave us a lecture on how being a server is difficult and asked us if anyone of us has ever served.... Dude, if you can't remember our drinks write them down....Oh Shea's is my friends' neighborhood "go to" bar. Kinda like Cheers, where everyone knows your name. Nothing fancy. Two bars & a menu of pub grub & dinner platters. No complaints on my fish & chips. Bartenders are friendly & although this was only my 3rd visit in maybe 5 years, they remembered me (due to my friends being regulars). Juke box is nice & we often can commandeer that & play Stones all night. They do have some vegetarian options on the menu as well. They have a few sidewalk tables for summer. It's a regular old fashioned neighborhood dive. But non-locals are always welcomed. The bathrooms are a bit grungy. But if you're in Philly & need a drink and some pub grub, don't be afraid to stop in.Oh Shea's is great for happy hour!!!
I've walked pass this restaurant a couple of times but the external atmosphere never really caught my interest. I ended up walking into this bar one late night after for a quick beer and  happened to see the happy hour menu on each table. I was looking for more happy hour places around center city these days and decided to give it a try last friday!!
I was surprised by how fresh the cheap happy hour plates were. I think we tried everything on the menu (we had a big group and there were about 7-10 appetizer/small dishes we could choose from)  The onion rings, cheese friees, small cheeseburgher, chicken tenders and JALAPENO POPPERS! (there's a few more) were neither burnt or overly fried where oil was dripping. The jalapen poppers were so good with the perfect amount of cheese! They are typical fried food but cooked very fresh and each dish comes w/ 2-3 different sauces you get to dip in. 
Oh, the $4 margarita was great too! Not too sweet, not too sour, tasted enough of the alocohol and therefore strong enough in a good way. All my friends loved the margarita!
I will definitely come back again for happy hour!What a great place!  I enjoyed the food, ambience, and bar in general.  My husband did as well, as he enjoys variety and a good selection of beer.  The prices were not bad either.  Overall, a good experience.This is my favorite restaurant in Philly. If you want to relax and enjoy the tastiest Cuban sandwich of your life--Oh Shea's is the place to go. Servers are great and they've got a defibrillator and nitro glycerin tablets under the bar if your LDL cholesterol gets a little too high. 
I usually go for a quiet lunch on Saturday or Sunday but I bet it's great for watching games as well.This is an awesome pub. Very low-key and perfect for a getaway from then college bars of the area. Rated 2/5 for the service. The waiter checked on us a total of 1 time in a 45 minute period (this meant we waited so long we couldn't order food). The waiter also took all my money with the check and never returned my change. I had to ask specifically for my change. I realize this may have been a communication error, but based on the lack of service prior to this I find it hard to believe.As I've said before, with a sister living in Philly, I get to hear about all these great (and in some cases, not-so-great) spots to eat and drink.  Oh! Shea's Pub is one of her favorite regular hangouts; its like Cheers for her as a good number of her friends also like to come there and tie one on.
I've been to this place a number of times over the last couple of years and its always been a good experience; the bar staff are friendly and knowledgeable, the patrons are all friendly, decent people.  The location is prime, and they have outdoor seating which is a bonus, especially when the place is crowded which I'm led to understand it usually is in the evenings.
Barfood is barfood but there are degrees...never had anything that I didn't like, what else is there to say?  The jukebox has a ton of great hits, I'm partial to 80s hairbands when I'm drinking and the jukebox is very obliging for me.  All in all, I'm a fan, wish I had one of these in my neighborhood!  Naturally, I'll be back.On Saturday a friend and I wanted to watch the NCAA final four.  Cavanaugh's was completely clogged and burning hot, so we left in search of a more empty spot.  We saw through the windows that Oh! Shea's was pretty much dead and had the game on so we popped in.  My friend asked casually if we could sit at a table and only order drinks because we planned on eating later, and the guy gave us a look of disgust and reluctantly allowed us to pick our table.  They had like 5 beers on draft, but they all ranged from $5-$9; then again, I guess this is more of a restaurant (?)  We sat right in front of TV, but all the TV screens were muted. Since there wasn't another person within 20 feet of us, my friend asked if we could turn the sound up a bit.  The guy cut him off and just said "no sorry we don't do that here."
We got a couple of beers each, finished the game, got the hell out of there, and will never return.We came into Oh! Shea's on a lazy Saturday afternoon tooling around Center City after a haircut and were pleasantly surprised. The service was speedy and our waitress was such a sweetheart - she won me over almost immediately. 
We enjoyed a Leinenkugel's summer shandy while chowing down on a sampler platter that included fried green beans AND some kickin' whiskey cheese sauce that came with chips. You better believe the green beans made their way into the whiskey cheese sauce. 
To finish off our meals, we split a French dip sandwich. The food was standard pub fare, but done well. I liked the atmosphere, and could imagine it in the evening with regulars round the bar and beers clinking and people laughing loudly. We'll be back!I'm suprised this place doesn't have more reviews.
I've been introduced to this place mostly through serendipity, as I frequently end up here at the end of my night. The food is tasty and plentiful, and the prices are forgettable, which means I'm either really drunk or it's relatively cheap. I'll give the benefit of the doubt to the latter, as I haven't broken bank here, ever.
As for the drinks, they're a-ok. The main bartender - not sure his name - is very friendly, always up for a few jokes, and is very patient when your group is trying to decide whether to take a seat at a table, or just hang around the bar.
Anyway, I like this place mostly because it fills an important role for me in Rittenhouse. I don't really have a name for the type of establishment, but it's the kind of place you can go into and be pretty much guaranteed a table for you and your buddies, and end the night making jokes over beers, food, and what have you. Most other spots are way too crowded by that point in the night - that, or the kitchen is already closed. Or they're inordinately expensive.
Glad you're servin', Oh Shea's,