As a café and as a roaster and retailer of coffee beans, Old City is top notch.  They will make you a delicious cappuccino while helping you decide what to take home for later.  I've purchased pounds upon pounds of beans here.  The quality is consistent, never burnt like some other Philadelphia coffee roasters.  That's right, La Colombe, I'm talking to you!  Bonus, if you leave a bag of ground beans in your car for 4 hours, it will smell of delicious coffee for days!Boyfriend loves the coffee, I love the iced chai.
That's all I've ever gotten from there (haha - I go every Saturday morning and always get iced chai.... rigidity? yes.).  But the shop is small and cozy, the service is always fast and friendly, and I'll take any excuse to walk down cobbled Church Street on a quiet early morning.I always buy my coffee beans here and I love it! They have lots of options and they will grind the beans suitable for your coffee maker.I absolutely LoVE Old City Coffee. A co-worker recommended it to me for a while, but I was stuck in my old patterns...and I had gift cards elsewhere. I finally went and now I dream of their coffee. Delicious! Awesome staff, even the other customers are awesome.Their coffee collection are simply the best. I love their coffee. Pleasant staff and friendly. Nice quiet ambience. Good for unwinding and reading.I would like to rename this place "good, but grumpy" coffee.  I really love the strong coffee and sweet treats the Old City spot offers, the side street offers a quiet refuge from the hustle of old city.  However, why do the Batista's always seem to put out?  We do have to fill our own cups... they merely slap down the requested size and bark out the bill.   And if you ask for a treat behind the counter, or even a lb of coffee, get ready for the cold shoulder of quiet annoyance.  Stay away from the overpriced oatmeal (gross) but be sure to try one of the baked goods from the jars.  They make most of the treats on site and they are delicious.  If you are feeling brash, ask one of the baristas for the freshest batch.  I, for one, will keep coming back for the coffee and cookies, but will spend time wishing the service was friendlier.This place is adorable! The service was top notch and the atmosphere was just perfect. It's a quiet little place where you can comfortably sit down with your coffee and not have to fight over the background music. 
I had their cranberry walnut vegan muffin with a hot latte. I'm not a vegan, but the muffin came recommended by the staff. It was DELICIOUS.Good coffee - check
Good snacks and food - check
Friendly staff - half check 
Comfy seating - check
Awesome hidden location - check
Ability to overhear conversations - check
WiFi - absolutely useless and slow.The coffee here is consistently great. It's also a good place to have a meeting or get some work done. My only complaints would be the minimal plug placement and the time-limited wifi internet. I hate asking for wifi passwords every time I go somewhere. Neither of these issues bother me enough to stop coming here every few days.Love coming here any day to grab a drink and read a book. Being a barista myself, I can say they make a delish vanilla latte. I have never tried there baked goods but they always look awesome! :)Old City Coffee is a nice place to sit and work. The staff is friendly and they have food, although the menu is limited. I also buy their freshly roasted coffee that I make for myself at home!Great coffee--so smooth & freshly roasted but the staff aren't all that friendly. The location is great--just a half block from Market but you'd never know!Walking around on a cold and dreary day and came across this quaint little gem of a shop. As I love coffee but have been refraining from caffeine, I opted for the mint hot chocolate with a blueberry chocolate muffin.
The hot chocolate was minty and although it wasn't as thick as I like, it was far from watery.  
The blueberry chocolate muffin was a combination that I never had before but was definitely tasty and with just enough sweetness.
I'll definitely be back.Excellent coffee selection to go and grains to take home.  Great selection of pastries, ice cream, and tea as well. Seating is good as well, not big but there's always a table open. Usually quiet.  Very cozy.Wanna forget  about work before going, or when you're on your lunch break? This is probably the best overall coffee shop that I've been to...
The ladies that work here are friendly and helpful.. The coffee is pretty full flavored, but very good..There are seats inside and out, along with wi-fi connection.. Although its on a small street off of 3rd and Market, it's well worth giving a try..Whenever it gets chilly outside, and I just want to stay in bed instead of riding my bike in the freezing cold to work, I savor my breakfasts a little more.  I skip the green smoothie and plunge into that carb coma...
Well, I go here for that.  They serve this wonderfully delicious thing called a Nuffin, a muffin made with no sugar, fruit and oats.  I normally don't eat heavy foods, but I really like this thing.  I think it's low-fat too!  Anyway, they have various flavors, and it really hits the spot... and gives me a carb coma.  That's why I don't eat many ... but after I eat one, even half of it, I feel my brain going into a fog, like I'm back in my warm cozy bed, so that's a nice feeling.  Except then I have to work - uh oh!  It's an indulgence that I can enjoy for breakfast, however, so that's why I love them.
Their freshly-roasted beans are really amazing too- they have one blend that just took my breath away - pricey, but delicious...a real treat.  I usually buy these for special dining occasions at home since they are so good.
Their brewed coffee?  I haven't had the pleasure of a decent cup in a long time, now, so I can't recommend it.  Missing the rich roundness  I identify their establishment with... maybe it's just personal taste.  Maybe they use a lighter roast, I don't know.
But I did like their set-up there, and love the space - early in the morning, it's bright, clean - shared newspapers to read and a nice big window opening onto the street.  I've always had nice service with a smile.
Oh, and they never use meat at the cafe.Awesome little coffee shop with lots of charm, great coffee, a large selection of teas and friendly staff.Awesome place to study.  With any purchase, they'll print you off a wi-fi code good for 3 hours.  Since it's off any main road, it's quiet, with just the din of other patrons and the smell of freshly brewed coffee to keep you company.
Excellent chai tea and awesomely huge cookies.A great local coffee shop. It's just a few steps from our office so we are constantly making stops here. All the staff are very helpful, and they have a wide range of food choices to meet the dietary needs of everyone in our office!Smooth dark coffee absolutely bitter free. 
Homemade cookies excellent.
The decor sports the use of reclaimed farmhouse wood and a old metal farmhouse sliding door.
Happy people work here 
Stop in and enjoy a great cup of coffee!I LOVE coffee, and this is one of the best cups of coffee I have ever found.  Hot strong and delicious. 
The staff is quick and efficient.  Place your order and you have your coffee quickly.  You can also buy coffee by the pound.
 This is right near one of the entrances to the Reading Terminal, do easy to find.I love old city coffee and their home made sweets,  salads and in house brewed coffee.  It's a great place to have a quick lunch and catch up on wifi when I'm in Old City. I have seen the talented Jennifer Blaine and Steve Lippe perform there, it was an intimate venue to appreciate the talent we have right here in our city.great coffee, great space. love that it's tucked away on church street. it's peaceful here. any time i'm in old city and just want to clear my mind and sit in a quiet coffee shop this is the place to do it. definitely scope this place out and see if they're open before hitting up the starbucks on 3rd and arch (if you were planning on doing that.) you won't be disappointed.Nestled on a cobblestone side street in Old City, this cafe may be small but the quality of the coffee speaks for itself.  Different coffee blends are each day and you may opt to get your coffee to go or to stay.  If you decide to sit in, there is an adjoining room with tables and chairs where you can peacefully enjoy your food and drinks, and where acoustic musicians may often perform for small audiences.  In addition to coffee, tea, and baked goods, Bassett's ice cream and milkshakes are available.  If you are looking for somewhere to get caffeinated amidst your day in Old City, this place is it!I love the coffee here. Tastes better and stronger than chain places nearby. I work around the corner and wouldn't go anywhere else for coffee. The food is also great, fresh bagels and cookies/pastries.A charming spot with stiff coffee that could wake a dead horse.If I lived in Philadelphia, this would probably be one of my regular hangouts. 
Apparently they roast their own beans. The coffee really reflects it. I had a Salted Caramel Latte, and the espresso was not at all bitter like Starbucks. In fact, the latte was really creamy with just a hint of caramel. 
$4 was not at all outrageous for a flavored drink, I pay way more than that on a regular basis at generic coffee locations. 
A huge plus: there's ample seating with outlets for electronics! I wasn't in need of their wifi so I can't complain about their 1-hour policy.Great treats and coffees.  It's pricey though.  I ordered the old city malted milkshake, and it was awesome, but I think my $6 could be better spent elsewhere.  Still, this shake has perfect consistency, and was made with two shots of espresso.  I'm sure I drank it much more quickly than I should have.
The atmosphere here is okay, but I wouldn't make it a normal coffee shop for myself, even if I lived close-by.  It's not the most cozy.  The owner was working when I went in and she was nice.  I was out with a few friends and we shared the chocolate chip cookie.  It was pretty good, not amazing.
Bottom Line: This place is fine.  They have some fun coffee inspired shakes, and tasty baked goods.  Just nothing that stands out.I plan to update this review once I am off of my juice cleanse and can have a nice cup of coffee however I went here this morning and was taken aback by the decor.  I have to admit, I am a snob when it comes to ambiance.  I think it is JUST as important as the actual quality of the food/drink- it can take away the value of the experience JUST as much as it can add to it.  I came here with my business partners and was surprised because I was expecting so much more due to the yelp reviews.  This very same feeling has happened at least once other time this week to me when I was expecting something SO MUCH better than what I saw.  I only had a hot water with lemon but my partners had coffees and iced coffees respectively.  They enjoyed it without so much word about it (they are not fanatics such as I am) but I have certainly bookmarked the location to return so I can share in their "delightful roasts" (as I hear on the reviews).  If I were to rate it on the decor and ambiance, it would stay low- even 2 stars- it is tight and cramped and the seating adjacent to the ordering area is limited and unimpressive.  Sorry- I know there are a lot of Old City Coffee die hards out there but like I said, I will update once I try my first sip of coffee, i promise!Service was good. Tea was way too hot. Think the hot water destroyed flavor of tea. Chai wasn't great. But the baked goods were fresh. We just didn't care for them. Place was clean. Quiet. Lots of seating.I hate coffee snobs. This place is anything but that! Great coffee, polite staff. Wish Philly was closer to SoCal!Great service and had soy and dairy alternatives they had ok coffee and great tea and cookies. Had a very homie look and feel to it also. Great for the family but wasn't to packed. I would definitely recommend it to anyone in philly looking to get away from the busy streets and looking to relax.The location was great and from the outside, I thought I was in for a nice, cute cafe tucked in Old Town.  While the tea was pretty good and I appreciated that they had it in bulk, I knocked off points for the ambience.  I was not greeted with the typical, "Hello! How are you?" that I have come to expect from my favorite cafes in Philly.  Instead, I was pressed to order and even after telling the barista that I needed time to think, she quickly asked if I was ready yet.  I was considering ordering more, but I don't like feeling pressured so I just got some tea.
However, this was my first visit, so maybe a second try would yield different results.  Overall, expect great pastries and drinks, but maybe not the best customer service.When boo and I lived near the Reading Terminal Market we'd go to Old City Coffee at least once a week. I always thought it was fine although I'm not much of an aficianado to tell the difference. My drink of choice is a large iced Americano. It's just several shots of expresso over ice with water added. 
The other morning we were working out at the Old City Sweat when boo started jonesing for a coffee. OCC is right around the corner so we stopped in the charming albeit steamy shop on Church St. There was a steady crowd and we waited patiently inline. I ordered my normal Americano and stepped aside while it was being made. Instead of pouring the expresso over the ice the barista poured the piping hot liquid into the cold cup and then added ice after. What this does is breaks down the plastic and chemicals from the cup can leach onto the coffee. This came off to me as carelessness. I decided not to speak up as there was a bit of a line and it's not really my style to cause a disturbance but I plan on keeping my distance from OCC, especially in a city with so many other great options.Nice staff, great coffee and good location! Their cold brew in the summer is also consistently delicious and well made! I only with they had more food to choose from but that's ok!I love my coffee.  Before work and after lunch, Old City Coffee is where I go.  The store is located on a quiet, cool side street in the historic part of town. The staff here is friendly.  There is a dining area with tables and chairs to sit if you choose.  Mostly, I take mine to go.  I always enjoy the varous blends offered.  You can't beat the coffee here.super-strong coffee, iced or hot.  never had any food there, but hear it's decent. the wifi used to be free and unlimited, now it's just free... but you only get it if you make a purchase (which is understandable).  BUT, you only get it for an hour.  if you want to get wifi, be sure to get your receipt - there's a code on it that is unique to your purchase which allows wifi access.
those tables on the front "porch" are gold when the weather warms up.Quaint, cozy meeting place for friends or coworkers to catch up over a cup of coffee. 
The enchanting aroma of fresh coffee beans on their own is enough to perk you up for the day. If you intend on hanging out to work or even co-work with colleagues, you may want to bring ear buds as the sound of lunchtime conversation tends to fill the room. 
Wi-Fi is available, but it's a good idea to purchase something first to support this fine Philadelphia establishment.All summer I waited for October 15 just so I could have their soup again.  My life was going along as planned- some lentil, some carrot ginger- and then they fed me African Peanut soup one day and my life has not been the same.  I think about it most mornings as I contemplate my lunch, and I go over there each day hoping to see it on the sign.  When, oh when will I have that African Peanut Soup again?Great little coffee shop with locally roasted beans in small batches. I love their regular coffee and they also have milkshakes, malts, and iced drinks. We cooled down in their little dining room while art gallery hopping last weekend and it was the best little tucked away cafe. We were in the mood for something cold to go with the hot day, and the line at Franklin Fountain was out the door. We walked into Old City Coffee and there was almost no line. We both ordered the Old City Espresso Shake. It was a malted milkshake made with another local favorite - Bassett's vanilla ice cream  - with freshly pulled espresso shots. The chocolate peanut butter shake sounds awesome too, I have to get back to there to try one! I've stopped by the Reading Terminal location to buy beans to brew at home. Too good.Funky little spot ---   roast their own coffees, nice selection of cold drinks, teas, soups, and sandwiches.  Fresh-baked scones, cookies, etc.  Two tables out front and a small side room --- good people watching in Old City.Alright Old City Coffee, I'm a bit disenchanted with you. Why you may ask? You still serve tasty coffee that is roasted on location. Your baked daily pastries still call my name.  And my newest draw, the scallion cream cheese, is worth telling random strangers about. BUT,  your customer service is just awful. You should honestly be ashamed. The workers border on straight up rude and seemed almost bothered by my order. God forbid I try to make small talk, I get a one word answer back and a stare. This has happened on so many occasions that it has started to deter me from going here on my way to work. Seriously, ask your employees to smile every now and then.Awesome place. They have a large side room great for sitting down and enjoying yourself. I have many one on one business meetings here.
It is tucked down a cute little cobble stone side street (Church St.).Friendly staff, attractive pastries (I haven't had any, but man do they look good). My stop to sit and grab a bialy with veggie cream cheese. Always a very relaxed environment to get some work done or meet a friend.This is where I get my coffee almost every day while at work (I work on 3rd & Race in the TLA Entertainment offices.) So I have pretty regular experience with them, both purchasing drinks directly and individual drinks.
The basic rundown is that the quality of the coffee beans are by far above average. And the iced coffee is a demonic broth that will make you feel like you just injected rocket fuel directly into your veins. (Your stomach may quickly alleviate you of that feeling, if you suffer from reflux.) After talking to one of the Barrista's about this - I suggested they were slipping crack cocaine in there - she said that the iced coffee is a mixture of all the roasts of the day, brewed double strength. So, there you go. Douse it with liquid sugar and a healthy amount of milk to cut the acid, and expect to get a lot of design and coding done before you crash and want to sleep under your desk for a week.  
They also have something called Balzac's blend here that is quite good. If you've ever read Balzac's humorous and incredibly verbose essay on the benefits of coffee, well... Yeah. It is well named.
I wouldn't suggest going here for bulk tea though. Though the tea quality is fairly high it is apparent that they don't sell much of it- every time I've bought it it has been fairly stale. I suggest Remedy tea on Samson between 16th and 17th. Review of Remedy coming up in a bit.Ok I admit it.  I'm a fan of Starbucks!  I have a gold Starbucks card with my name on it.  At my favorite location they make my drink as soon as the Barista sees me pull into the lot.  
So why am I reviewing Old City Coffee?
1. I love the atmosphere.  Way better than that "chain look."
2. The location is great for people watching. (limited vehicle traffic)
3. The food is as good as or better than the chains.
4. The Baristas are knowledgeable.  
5. They roast their own beans in the café.
6. Oh, and the coffee is great!Love coming here any day to grab a drink and read a book. Being a barista myself, I can say they make a delish vanilla latte. I have never tried there baked goods but they always look awesome! :)Not hand dripped, but its good coffee.  They also make pretty darn good dry capps.  Really good foam.  Best consistency I have found in Old City yet!  Cute inside and outside seating along a nice alley way.  Very convenient.  Will be back to try their housemade soups and pastries.During the 'Thundersnow' incidents of the last two winters, Old City Coffee was the coffee shop on the scene in the morning when even the nearby Starbucks and its vast corporate resources was closed. 
Better yet, the coffee is great. I come for the whole bean, primarily, and they have a wide section of exotic beans and blends to suit all kinds of tastes. Prices are high, but not outrageous for specialty coffees and there's a loyalty program where 10 lbs of beans gets you a free pound.This cafe gets one star for taking cards and another for putting the cream cheese on the bagel for you. Otherwise, my complaint is about the service. I started working less than a block from this cafe within the past year, so this cafe became part of my daily morning and sometimes afternoon routine. From the very beginning, the staff was so rude, it almost felt personal. I'm a frequenter of many other cafés in the city, and I've never experienced this level of rudeness. I've pretty much stopped going here now that Menagerie has opened around the corner and High St. Market has reopened; those cafés understand service, chat with their regular customers, and know my name! Although, for convenience sake, occasionally I find myself here again, and again I am baffled as to where the negative energy and hateful feelings from the staff come from.While this coffee shop is located in a great part of town, and coffee is decent, my main complaint is that they limit use of Wi-fi only for an hour after purchase! You get a code printed on your receipt which expires and cuts you off exactly an hour after you pay. Not a philosophy I agree with for a coffee shop in Philly!I want my money back.  I want my time back and more importantly I still NEED a really good cup of coffee.
Service: There was none.  Nothing that even could have tried faking its way as "service" exists at this place.  I mean there is more of a chance getting a bill passed in Congress that actually helps Americans these days then there is of getting service at this place.
Quality-- once again, they forgot to teach that to this place.
Mom always said if you don't have anything nice to say about someone you should say nothing...
So what I have to say about this place is ____ Sopranos ending ____ fade to black.Looking for shelter from this morning's rain, I stumbled upon Old City Coffee. A cafe open before 7 am?! I always struggle to find my caffeine fix on my way to work, and am beyond jazzed to find this place. The location is easy to miss; it is located on a tiny street between N 2nd and N 3rd which gives it warm, quaint kind of vibe. I love the self serve coffee area; feel free to ask for a cup of ice for your iced coffee. The food choices look delicious! I ordered a cranberry muffin which was the perfect amount of sweet and tangy. Plus, they accept credit cards, yay!
I also noticed a paper that said they have open mic nights which is a huge draw for me. I can't wait to check one out!I've bought coffee from Old City Coffee the last couple times I've gone to Reading Terminal Market and have not been disappointed! I have really enjoyed the Costa Rican bean - medium brew and very tasty. Tried the Guatemalan coffee as it was their special this week - much darker roast but still very smooth. Drink it!I love that Old City Coffee is tucked slightly out of the way on a quaint little street away from the hustle and bustle of Olde City. The staff is friendly and helpful. Their coffee isn't my favorite, but it's better than most. What I'm looking for in a coffee shop is the quality of what's in the cup (and not too much else). This spot is no coffee mecca, but it's nice to have around.
Twenty years ago you'd have been very happy to have found this place. Today, not so much.  Back then they were pioneers in offering high quality coffee to the public. With the current crop of Philly coffee shops you now have your choice of where to get your jolt of Java. Old City Coffee's been left behind, they haven't really changed with the times. Sure, their recently renovated counter looks very nice, but that's not what I'm talking about.
They'll always have their loyal customers, but Olde City isn't as hip a neighborhood as it used to be. Future generations of coffee drinkers are being indoctrinated elsewhere. They're certainly the best in Olde City, but outside of those confines you may find your caffeinated nirvana in greener pastures.Coffee was pretty good.  I tasted their latte.  Not bad at all, better than Starbucks.  It is interesting that they have their own beans, I'd be up for trying more of their coffee.
The oatmeal raisin cookie that I got tasted too much like a sugar cookie, not enough oats in there.
Location was nice and quiet, plenty of seating on a early Friday evening.Every time I visit Philadelphia (my close-to-home "vacation" spot where I flee when I want to get away from D.C.), I make sure to drop into my favorite secret hide-out, Old City Coffee.  This quiet, quaint, beautiful little place is my favorite coffee spot ever.  The outdoor seating area on Church Street is so tranquil, and I the coffee is fresh and flavorful because the shop roasts its own beans.  I always get a "nuffin" (the shop's healthy version of a muffin)  because they are so delicious.  My husband and I sat at the shop for hours one day, and we had such a fun, relaxing time.  I wish that I could just scoop up this little shop and take it back home with me.  To those who live in Philly--I am incredibly jealous. But Old City Coffee is one of those places that makes your city such a fun and unique, yet comfortable and familiar place to vacation.I honestly dont know why people like this place so much. I went there with friends and had a latte a cappuccino and an espresso. They were all so disappointing that non of us finished their drinks. Beans are pretty much burnt and milk was steamed poorly. Sad to say id rather go to a starbucksSo, for starters I walked past the unmarked street three times before figuring out where I was going, but that's not really their fault. I'm just warning you, you might miss the alley-like street that it's on.
The service was lacklustre. In fact, right after the guy asked if he could help me and I opened my mouth to order, he turned around and started talking to a co-worker, which just thoroughly irritated me. On the plus side, the prices are pretty reasonable.
I had an espresso and a cinnamon scone. Although the scone was delicious, the espresso (which I love, love love) was not made properly and had this slight, odd aftertaste which I could quite tell was the result of not cleaning the machine or from some kind of chemical residue from cleaning. Either way, I've had better.
What makes them appealing (if you're not super concerned about how your coffee actually tastes) is their seating area. It's bright, cheerful, clean and quiet. This may not be an accurate representation of a Sunday afternoon, but when I was there, there were people outside, but only one other in the seating area (which is a separate room and therefore away from the sound of espresso/cappuccino/work-related noises) and I thought - Man! This would be an awesome place to read the paper or a novel or do some writing. 
If I were basing my review solely on service and product, it'd get two-stars, but I'm giving it a bump because quiet, comfortable coffee-shop space is highly coveted real estate in my book.Wanted to take my friends from out of town to a cool non-chain coffee place.
Coffee was great.
However, I purchased a scone for breakfast. Why is beyond.
1 sun-dried tomato scone and a few hours later...resulting in me hugging the toilet.
Will never return to this establishment, which is a shame considering it's a block away.I've worked around the corner from here for a year and a half and I'm kicking myself in the ass for not coming in sooner. The staff is friendly and accommodating, the food is fresh, and the tea is awesome. What more could you ask for??  Keep doin what youre doin.I had my first cappuccino here when I was maybe 13. 17 years later, it's still the best I've had, although I'm generally an espresso guy these days. The old marble tables are a nice break from the earth tone couches and track lighting of other joints.  I wish they carried some decent baked goods instead of their lousy house-baked muffins, but this place is about coffee, both brewed and beans, and nobody compares.I love coffee shops. This one is a good one to check out if you're roaming around downtown Philly. Amazing feel, friendly staff and just has this aesthetic to it that is very welcoming and warm. 
If you guys ever need a new hire, consider me. 
I'd love to contribute to the customer service with your current staff and "pick me up" with your coffee. 
Come in and enjoy some coffee, folks. You won't regret it.I will definitely continue patronizing this cafe. The location is so quaint and special and their espresso beverages and regular cup of joe are delicious. It's great to be able to enjoy something other than Starbucks. On my last visit I also had a slice of their  marble coffee cake and it was outstanding. Prices are very comparable to Starbucks but well worth supporting a local cafe in Philly.Got the espresso to go, but it looked cool inside if I were in the mood to do that. Cappuccino was alright, definitely props for roasting their own beans. Come for the ambiance and I'm sure you'll be pleased.Yes I go out of my way in the morning to get to this place.  Open like 7 or so and really, really flavorful fresh coffee.   Bitter???  You shut yer mouth.I lovee this place. I used to work in the area and I come here every morning! My day isnt complete without stopping by for a treat and saying hello to the friendly employees!
Their menu includes:
Coffees,Latters, Cappucinos, homemade Hot chocolate, Teas, Biscottis, Cookies,Muffins, Bagels, Cakes, Danishes,Hearty Soups.
I dont really get their coffee because it is SUPER strong. My lover is the orange pekoe tea! I am not a tea drinker but when I tried this I dropped coffee and drank tea ever since!! Please try it with soy milk or half and half with honey and sugar. 
They make very decadent GIANT size pastries also. 
I have tried:
Almond Biscotti-F kinda too hard, even when i dipped it
Chocolate chip cookie w/ raisins- A+ (bigger then a CD!)
Apple Crumb cake-A+++ (reminds me of christmas)
Hot Chocolate w/ whipped cream -A+ (HOMEMADe!)
Orange Pekoe Tea-A
Minestrone soup-A+ 
They have indoor and outdoor seating!!Great, fresh cup of coffee in old city. On Church St. which is a cute little street with cobblestones. The place is small with some seating off to the side and a small cafe table or two outside. I just got their brew of the day and it was hot, fresh and great. My friend and I shared the butterscotch muffin which was amazing. Their other pastries and cookies looked amazing. They sell coffee mugs and lots of beans and some teas.Even though I keep coming back for their delicious spinach scone and in-house roasted coffee, I always ask myself whether it's worth the poor customer service I'll get during those brief five minutes at Old City Coffee.  The baristas seem almost bothered when I say please and thank you and try to make small talk.  I'm not sure whether they are still waking up at that early hour, but it's very off-putting.Husband and I are coffee fiends.  We love coffee.  We drink it all the time.  We have an espresso machine on the kitchen counter so we can satisfy the coffee urge whenever.  Oh, but we don't patronize Satrbucks.  I can't bring myself to do it.  There's one literally on every corner, and I think I'm afraid they're trying to take over the world.  I just can't bring myself to drop money in there, and they certainly don't need my dimes to stay afloat.
This presents a dilemma on occasion when husband and I are the road and out of our element.  We know the great little coffee shops in our 'hood, but elsewhere we're lost.  So we were really happy one sunny afternoon after a visit to the beautiful grounds of Christ Church to literally stumble on Old City Coffee.  It's totally out of the way and tucked on a side street off Market, and I'm not sure we ever would have visited otherwise.
But.  The interior was so darn cute -- minimalist and all about coffee, with barrels of beans ready for you to select -- and the coffee was so darn good that we came back again and again.  The coffee was ground and then brewed right before our eyes, served piping hot, and was STRONG.  Yessss.  We were really happy with our experience!  Even picked up some airtight glass jars to store our beans and grounds at home.The coffee is OVER ROASTED! Its always a pleasant surprise when a shop roasts their own beans, when its done correctly. I'm aware that people have different palettes for coffee but I never drink the stuff here. The staff is knowledgable but cold- damn, could you smile please?
That being said I respect that they've been around the longest and that their baked goods are excellent. Grab a scone and head out the door.This place is cute and in a little alley way. But it's exactly as yelp describes "a-ok." I am not reviewing their coffee, as I always get tea. I do often get their vegetarian burrito that is very good. My last experience there the cold staff (they need some coffee) wouldn't crack a smile. I also was with a friend who ordered food. They totally forgot my order which was pretty hard to do (a bagel.) After I waited a while, I told them and they just kind of blankly stared and said it would be right out. They somehow made me feel awkward about their mistake. The place just has a weird vibe, which is sad since its a cute little spot with some good tea and food.Quaint little place. Excellent Expresso, Spend your money local and walk around the block to this place instead of...BEWARE! You have to buy an item an hour to stay connected to their Wifi. I live in Old City and with many coffee shops available to me this is kinda ridiculous. With so much competition in this area I would not recommend this place if you are looking to chill and not be bothered without constantly being reminded that you need to keep buying from Old City coffee to stay connected. 
The staff was friendly and drinks were good but come on you really want me to buy an item an hour to stay connected?! Not going here again. Go check out Happily Ever After around the corner because they are a lot more relaxed.Over the years, I've been a regular at the Reading Terminal Market coffee stand, but this cafe in Old City is a great place to visit. Very comfortable table area, very pleasantly decorated, just a really great vibe. Of course, it's the excellent Old City coffee, and those superb baked goods. For tourists or locals visiting Christ Church, Arden Theater, the Book Trader, and any number of other destinations in the area, check out charming coffee place, tucked in on Church Street.Had a cappuccino here that was nothing to write home about.  The consistency was really wet, and almost more like a latte.  Huge disappointment, as I had read some rave reviews.  Outside of the drink, the ambience is what you would expect for a coffee shop in old city.  I might come back to sample their eclectic collection of loose leaf tea, but I will go elsewhere if I am in need of an espresso drink.This wins for my favorite cup of coffee in Philadelphia although thanks to both of their locations being on the other side of center city from my normal routine I don't get to drink their coffee as much as I would like to (daily). Their iced coffee is particularly fantastic and they have a decent selection of Organic, Fair Trade and Shade Grown beans.
I haven't tasted any of the food here or really spent much time in the coffee shop so I can't comment on the atmosphere or food selection. But I can say that the service has always been friendly and a few coffee-loving out of town friends and relatives  have become hooked on Old City Coffee during Philly visits when I take them to Reading Terminal. Now when I fly out of Philly, a bag of Olde City coffee beans is often tucked somewhere in my suitcase either by request or because this has become one of my go-to presents from Philly.The staff is great and greets you when you come.  The best coffee in old city and there muffins/brioche cinnamon rolls are the best.Delicious coffee and a remarkably good vegan banh mi. Very convenient to the Arden--perfect for a quick bite before the show.Good coffee! Cute little place hidden on the alley in Old City.