Loved the adventurous food. The squid ink rice is a MUST. I'd easily go back just for that alone. But there are a ton of other tapas I need to go back for.A warm, fun & flavorful dining spot that would be  a great place to go with friends or a date night with a loved one. The flavors are strong but beware the portions can run small & the service can be disorganized at times. Overall a good evening outWas dying to try this place as I love tapas, and we were celebrating a birthday, for which they automatically printed "Happy Birthday" across our menus from clicking a button when making my OpenTable reservation.  The craft cocktails were very interesting.  I was generally happy with the tapas we ordered, but the third course items seemed a bit pricey for what we received.  I liked the Serrano Wrapped Cod, but it was probably not worth $28.  The best deal was the delicious house sourdough ;)Went to dinner at Olorosa there mixed drinks were very good as was the bottle of wine. The service from the front of the house to our server was excellent. We started with Squid ink rice very good and Oyster special very good. The Grilled Octopus with Chorizo not very good. There were 4 very small pieces of Octopus and three times as many piece of Chorizo and the sauce was way over powering for the Octopus. And the Tapas portions were very small.
And we had the half Pig's head for are main dish and it was out of this world. Our server cut up some of it and plated it for us and then we picked the rest clean. The meat was so tender, juicy and sweet it was amazing. There were 3 sauces on the side and we only tasted them once because the pig did not need them. And the skin was so crisp along with the pig ear. And never had brain before and it was very good. Glad we had early reservations because they only have a limited of this main course every night.Always looking for new and fresh ideas when dining in Philadelphia. Steven Star, Vetri, and Garces do not own this city. Oloroso combined friendly and mostly unpretentious service with excellent food. Service accommodated our table change request quickly but it seemed to disrupt the flow of their business. That minor critique was made up for by the squid ink rice and scallop (singular). Gambas al Ajillo - shrimp, chick peas and a sauce to die for. Deviled eggs (yes you heard that right). Short rib crouquetas-devine. Everything perfectly executed. Highlight of the night was meeting the chef who was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. I for one am a fan of complete professionalism and Chef Wentz was a joy. If I could add a star I would.Our waitress Faye was amazing. We had the chef's tasting menu. Everything was wonderful. We had two paella's, roasted cauliflower, tuna carpaccio, charcuterie and our drinks are spot on. Happy 'just before' New Years at Oloroso. Dessert was a little let down.I had dinner here tonight to celebrate my good friend's birthday. The restaurant is beautiful with a sizable bar and back dining room. I made a reservation and asked for a table by the window which was graciously granted. The food was beautiful. The eggplant, pork belly, and shrimp on shrimp were especially nice. The service was lovely. Our server was funny, gracious and accommodating. I also enjoyed a tequila cocktail. This place is special. I'll be back.We had such a great time here! The food was fantastic! From the start, I enjoyed the spongey bread drizzled with oil and the cheese (can't remember what kind but it's dry and starts with an I). As a table we tried the cauliflower (wonderfully roasted with a tangy flavor), the eggplant (a lot of flavor without being too gingery) and potatas bravas which were fine..seemed like bland choice after all those other choices but they were made well!
My friends also got the squid rice and the steak for 2 (and split between 3 people). 
The cocktails however were amazing ! I first started with a glass of Rioja and after seeing everyone else's cocktails, I had to get one! My friends tried multiple ones but the one I couldn't put down was the Hyde and Oak. I don't even like Brandy but it was so smooth I couldn't put it down! Seriously, the drinks were amazing! It definitely drove up the cost of our meal since we each had at least 2 if not 3 drinks but they were delicious. For 5 people and multiple cocktails and desserts our bill was around $70/person.
We tried 3 of the desserts, the churros ( I thought they were too deep fried but my friends loved them.) , the cake which was good but tiny, and the caramel one which was like a tart creme brûlée. Honestly thought the desserts were good but the food and drinks were much better. 
Check this place out! It's brand new but delicious !This place was great to stop in on my lunch during restaurant week 2018. The decor was outstanding and the music made me feel like I was in Mexico. The menu was well balanced and I thoroughly enjoyed my 3 courses which included complimentary sourdough bread. The squid ink rice was unique and provided a great after taste flavor. The paella was exceptional and was one of the best that I've had in the city. The wood roasted pair was different and is definitely a must try if you ever stop by. Overall, I enjoyed my meal, the bartender was great and kept checking on me and if I was enjoying everything but wasnt too overbearing. The chef was very friendly as well and actually greeted me upon entering the restaurant with a warm smile which was appreciated. This is definitely a place to add to your list of restaurants to visit whether your a local philadelphian or tourist.Oloroso presents skilled and sophisticated food in a charming, colorful setting. It's upscale, but in a relaxed and friendly way. It's a place for vintage boots, not designer stilettos. When I've visited, the crowd has been tastefully dressed but informal. Lots of comfortable cashmere sweaters and artsy earrings, not so much evening dresses or full-on suits. I'd characterize the overall vibe as "smart casual," which seems like a good fit for a Spanish tapas(-ish) place.
All the food we tried was excellent. The patatas bravas were substantial chunks of potato, crisp and craggy on the outside, fluffy and piping hot inside. Usually when I've had patatas bravas, they're closer to the Amada tater tot presentation, so I was a little surprised to get these big rustic chunks instead, but once I got over that surprise they were great. The tomato sauce is intensely rich and the thin-sliced peppers were just hot enough to cut through as a sharp, fresh accent.
The chicken was amazing. The roast chicken at Oloroso is what all chicken should aspire to be. Incredibly tender, suffused with woodsmoke, and accompanied by a velvety saffron-tinted jus, it might have been the best roast chicken I've ever tasted. I'll have to get it again to make sure. Maybe three or four times. Just in the interest of accuracy, you know?
Seafood is another real strength here and you can't really go wrong with any of the options. Shrimp on shrimp, cod croquettes, grilled octopus -- all excellent.
Drinks were also very good. I tried both the red and white sangria and loved both, as well as several of the specialty cocktails. I'm not a big sherry drinker, but I figured this was a good opportunity to broaden my horizons, so I asked our server for a recommendation for a dessert sherry and she steered me toward a cream sherry that was exactly what I'd been hoping for. I'm still not a huge sherry buff, but I figure if you come to Oloroso, you owe it to yourself to try at least one glass, and if (like me) you're not too knowledgeable about sherry, it's a good chance to learn. The servers know their stuff and are happy to offer some guidance, which I always appreciate.
Oloroso is a great addition to the Philly dining scene, and I hope to be back soon.This was quite possibly one of best meals I've had in Philly. The cocktails and food were out of this world. Cannot wait to come backLoved my meal here. The shared large paella was a huge hit with our group. I can't wait to return again.I usually think the best way to evaluate restaurant is by the food purely and simply. However, our customer service experience at this restaurant was so poor that it overshadowed the meal. We had what was already a late reservation at 8:45. We showed up an hour early and spent over $100 on the bar tab. At 8:55 we inquired about our table and they said it'll be a minute, but at 9:15 we still weren't seated. We had friends in town from the suburbs who had a babysitter. It just seem to be no urgency to sit us for our previously arranged (weeks ahead of time) reservation. When the manager came, there were many apologies and said she would pay our bar tab. We told her that we had settled up ahead of time in anticipation of being seated. She apologized and said she would "make it up to us". We were finally seated about 9:25 PM.Our service continued to be slow as our waiter was very deliberate, and we had to track him down a couple times (especially when it was time for the check)We ordered a large amount of food and more drinks. We had 3 vegetable dishes served "complements of the chef".  They were our least favorite items of the night.The items we ordered were actually quite good, but the portions were very small. Honestly we were so bummed out at that point because we knew we'd have to rush through dinner.When our check came, nothing was comped, as we expected SOMETHING to be. We really not are the type of people to complain so we just let it go and chalked it up as a bad experience; one that we will never return to or recommend.
Again, the food and drinks are very good, if you have the time. I think Jamonera is more authentic with better service.I was excited to try this place, however unfortunately it turned out to be a horrible experience. I went on a Saturday night with a friend, intending to order our meals at the bar as reservations were not available. Upon entering, there was only one seat open at the corner of the bar. Since we were a party of two, my friend and I decided to order cocktails and wait for other parties to  finish and relocate for more room. A party of six finished and my friend and I attempted to head over to take two of the seats. I was immediately stopped by the owner herself, who rudely instructed me to go back to my seat because others were waiting to be seated. She acted as though she was a bouncer for seats at the bar, which is odd to me as the bar is not for reservations! It's first come, first serve. Turns out the people she was holding the seats for were a party of 4 so there were 2 seats available all along. All this wasted energy for nothing. Simply put she was unnecessarily controlling, extremely rude and ruined our experience. On top of this, she went as far as asking us to leave her restaurant immediately when my friend spoke to her about how she treated us. It's unfortunate that the owner felt the need to flex her muscles, micromanage seating at the bar (whoever heard of such nonsense?!) and show poor customer service! Her own employee, the bartender, was apologetic toward me as he witnessed how she made me return to the corner of the bar like a child in time out.Spanish tapas done right! Everything was delicious and the wait staff was excellent. Perfect place for a date night!Surprise surprise surprise !!   I think I found my new favorite steak in the city !!  And don't get me started on the soft serve ice cream..  aces all around a well balanced establishment with a wine pairing to boot !!   If you are looking for a hidden gem in the city...  look no farther ..  !!  So goodWe went for the first time this weekend and overall it was good. Atmosphere is on point for the theme and everything seems to flow well, with their staff being very knowledgeable & accommodating. One negative was that we ordered the Paella, which came out cold. Not a big deal, we let the server know and he took it away, asking if we wanted another. We said no, that we probably over ordered and to not worry about it. He came back with one anyways and said the chef made it even though we had passed. It was great - don't get me wrong. But when the bill came, it was still on there. I just felt as though it should have been removed considering the circumstances and that we asked to not reorder the first. Made it an awkward ending to the experience. I may be back, depending on occasion.Townsend "Tod" Wentz once again knocks it out of the park. Beautiful space, great service and delicious food and wine. Cozy date spot too. 
Will be back.Sat at the bar. Our bartender was super nice and social even though they were really busy. The complimentary bread is AMAZING!! I am usually not impressed by bread that much but it was so good. Took one star off because I was really disappointed by the size of the bone marrow compared to every other restaurant I've had it at.So the food in general is good with unique flavors but way way way small for the price. I've had awesome tapas similar to these made even more amazing with the portion size to the price. This was unacceptable as a $16 portion of flank steak was less than 2 oz on the plate. If you want a small snack in a cool space by all means come here otherwise look and go elsewhere. On another note we had 5 different servers. No idea who was technically our actual server and when we ordered a drink that wasn't available they brought something else without even asking. Quite assumptive and awkward to send back so I didn't and was charged fully. Not to make it all about $$ but we spent over 250$ and left hungry.Absolutely excellent experience!!! I walked in to a warm welcome by the hostess and had a seat at the bar while I awaited by guest. The bartender was awesome! The drinks were well made with a great attentional to detail (I'd recommend the pisco sour). For dinner, we had the chef's tasting and wine pairing. The food was awesome, a little heavy in the use of chickpeas but delicious. The server (Matthew) was on point the entire night. 
Another winning restaurant from the Chef of Townsend. I'd definitely recommend this place!the food was fantastic! i see that there are mixed reviews on yelp but my friend n i had a lovely experience, the bill definitely came out to more than i was expecting.. but i'm guessing steeper prices come with the name of Townsend. 
let's discuss the food first.  for 2, we ordered 4 tapas (from course 1 and 2) and the paella to finish.  we got the squid ink rice, bacalao croquetas, grilled octopus and brussel sprouts.  for me, the most memorable was the squid ink rice ($15)! there was so much flavor to it! it is paired with fried calamari but that definitely was not the star of the night... the rice! my goodness...it grabbed my undivided attention, stopped my conversation and i just savored all the creaminess in my palate.  maybe i'm exaggerating.. i get overly excited about squid ink dishes at any restaurants b/c it is so damn delicious! for oloroso though, my eyes lid up to their squid ink rice! this is a must try!! 
i also really enjoyed the bacalao croquetas! don't know what was in the fried batter but it was super appetizing and carried a nice crispy crunch.  it was placed on top of a yellow sauce.. couldn't really taste what it was, but in my mind i kept asking for mustard lmao either way, it was delicious the way it was.  the idea of being a fish stick never crossed my mind~ the filling had definition and texture.  for sure, it was not the same as ie fish and chips... 
grilled octopus... i mean come on, it's not a tapas place unless they show some tentacles on the menu.  i loved the pairing with harissa.  the dish again was packed with flavor.  the heat from the harissa was awesome! really tasty and chickpeas were a good garnish for it.
brussel sprouts ($10)... it was very salty lol couldn't taste the balsamic at all.  for $10? sorry this i thought was completely unnecessary.  skip
paella with chorizo, shrimp, mussels and clams.  overall, i liked it, i thought it was too buttery/oily for my stomach.  if the rice was more on the simple steamed side with just the right amount of broth, it would be great! i think for comparison, i still enjoyed the paella at mixto more.  also, one order is good for sharing between 2 b/c the dish is very heavy.
in conclusion, the food was one of the better experiences i've had.  this was also a pricier meal for the amount of food we ordered... i agree that the price per tapas should be like $2-$3 less.  the portions seem small but kind in mind, one spoon of each dish goes a long way meaning the food with all the salt, butter and cream will anchor down your stomach so you really don't want a lot of it.  i think they're all excellent small bites that will be awesome when paired with wine.  it isn't really a place where you plan on eating your heart out.  for me, it would be great to return with some friends to catch up over a long relaxing dinner.  i would love to return soon! but the price no doubt deters me.. hopefully, olorosso can meet the philly locals in the middle and transform more into a neighborhood gem.I'd give it 3 stars because the food is flat out mediocre and mediocre gets 3 stars.  But it's pricey, so down a star.  
The vaunted shrimp on shrimp tastes a lot like a tuna melt.  The boquerones (anchovies) tasted just like anchovies drizzle with olive oil, which is exactly what it is supposed to taste like.   But 7 half anchovies for $9?  C'mon.  The balacoa (salt cod) croquettes were bland.   The eggplant wasnt bad. The asparagus under a fried egg was the high light of the meal.   It was not the kind of meal that has you licking your plate or otherwise doing things that would embarrass your dinner companions with your list for the food.  For that, Vernick.   
The best thing about this place is it's proximity to Scoop de Ville.My husband and I were here last weekend, our reservation made long before the local paper restaurant review came out. I'm thinking it will be harder to get a reservation here now. (He gave it a very high score) 
We went in with some hesitation over the authenticity of the food as my husband is Spanish and I have traveled to Spain many many times over the past ten years. 
This is not authentic BUT it is an excellent version of Spanish style food. 
My husband ordered the cod croquttes, octopus and the chicken. I chose the boquerones, eggplant tagine, pork belly, and the squid ink rice. 
The boquerones were extremely fresh and firm with a delicate vinegar. The eggplant was a gourmet  rendition of the eggplant and honey tapas I had in Southern Spain two months ago. The pork belly was full of flavor but the most flavorful dish was the squid ink rice. While the small plates are traditionally made for sharing, neither of us did much sharing that night- as we wanted these all to ourselves. My husband loved his choices especially the octopus and the chicken. We did share the churros at the end of dinner. 
The selection of wines was impressive. The only reason why I did not give 5 stars is the price point especially of the wines by the glass. This is not an inexpensive meal especially with drinks.
But overall we were happily surprised with our experience here. Did I mention the waiter was extremely friendly and helpful.
The quality of ingredients and creativity of dishes along with wonderful combinations of flavors make this a place that we will definitely return to.We stopped into Oloroso on a weeknight. The storefront is inconspicuous and unmarked, but once inside, the restaurant extends back surprisingly far. On the night we went, Oloroso's atmosphere, with its dim lighting and muted conversation, was almost romantic, but in my opinion, the menu is best enjoyed by a group. 
Our waiter, Matthew, was attentive, knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the food and drinks menu, and just one of the friendliest waiters I've had in a while. Sometimes service is simply another cog in the dining experience; Matthew definitely augmented our meal. On his suggestion, we ordered the 1/2 pig's head - and it was incredible. The head is marinated for 24 hours, then roasted, glazed in sherry, and finished in a wood oven. It arrived on the table looking very much like a pig's head (skull and teeth still intact), and contained some of the most succulent, flavorful meat I've ever had under a perfectly crispy layer of skin. The pig's head is also served with sides of shishito peppers and patatas bravas and three delicious dipping sauces - to me, the presentation was like Spain distilled into one intense dining experience. 
Matthew also made some lovely wine and sherry recommendations (and took the time to describe the flavors and how they would pair with our food selections). Having just eaten at another Spanish tapas restaurant in Philly the night before, I couldn't help but note that Oloroso's wine selection was much better (and correspondingly pricier), and their food preparation was just much stronger.
Tapas-wise, we went with the bacalao (salt cod) croquetas, the gambas (shrimp) al ajillo, and the eggplant tagine. All of them were absolutely delicious - the gambas in particular blew us away. For dessert, we went with the crème catalan, similar to a crème brûlée, but with notes of citrus and cardamom. (It was a tough call though - the churros with spiced chocolate and the valencia supreme sounded so good!)
Oloroso doesn't seem to focus on any one area of Spain, instead sampling flavors from across Spain, yet beautifully captures the boldness and wild fun of Spanish cuisine.  Our meal total (before tip) for the three of us came out to ~$190 for the pig's head, three tapas, dessert, and five drinks - pricey but worth it for the special experience. We didn't have a single dish that was less than excellent, and we left thinking about who else we could invite the next time to eat the many tapas and shared plates (all those paellas!) that our stuffed stomachs would not let us try.My boyfriend and I came here two nights ago since it had just opened. We were excited to try it since there was nothing in the space for a while since the previous business closed down, so we made a reservation for 5:30. Later on, we decided it was a bit early so we changed it to 7:30. The restaurant actually called us to confirm because there was an issue with the change and it didn't go through, which was nice. 
The restaurant was very tastefully decorated and the hostess was very sweet. There is not one bad thing I can say about this place except a brief encounter with the bartender. 
When we first came in, the hostess said our table was still being set up so would we like to have a drink at the bar? We said ok and there just so happened to be two available seats at the end of the bar. We took off our coats and my boyfriend said to one of the bartenders something about how we were waiting for our table to be set up, etc, and the bartender LITERALLY burst out laughing and made a face like be couldn't be bothered to make drinks for people who did not intend to sit at the bar. Since we don't don't drink my boyfriend ordered a coke and I asked for a Shirley Temple. We were so thrown off by his reaction that we just stared at each other like, 'ummmmmmmmm, ok....' while he made our
 drinks. I had not had a Shirley Temple in over 10 years and when I got mine it didn't even taste like one. My boyfriend works in the restaurant industry and when he tasted my drink he said that they definitely used a substitute. I would rather have had the bartender just tell me they didn't have the right ingredients than half ass a drink. 
Anyway, then we were led to our table and we ordered the broquerones, marinated tuna, squid ink rice, and anchovies. Everything was delicious. Our waiter Steve was such a refreshment from the rudeness we had experienced from our bartender.I went with some friends during restaurant week. I didn't like the food. The wood-grilled pork brochetas were not what I expected. I was surprised that they give you only one little piece. It was overcooked, dry & small. A friend got the squid ink rice & didn't like it. I tried it & thought it was okay. The calamari on top of it was good, but that's about it. The chicken paella was very greasy. I know how to make paella, & I thought this one was too greasy & lacking in flavor. The churros were bland, & the chocolate didn't help save them. My friend's salmon wasn't cooked properly. It looked like sashimi. The waiter took it back & brought her another one. The outdoor seating was nice. I wouldn't go back.sat at the bar enjoying a very nice glass of wine at happy hour while waiting for a takeaway order. the ambiance is elegant and peaceful. the food is very good. roasted beets and a brussels sprouts dish were both inventive and tasty. the star was a beef dish...i wish i'd noted the exact name because it was outstanding. something de res and i think it was on the regular menu, not the specials. hmm could have been cebolla con res because there were pearl onions. yum! will definitely be going back!Oloroso is the type of place I enjoy in the city... intimate, quaint, upscale yet casual at the same time. The menu is Spanish tapas with some larger main dishes. I will note that the menu on their website was not the one available at my visit. As a vegetarian I like to be prepared and know if there are veggie options up front. With no main veggie dishes available, I had plenty of small tapas plates to order from. The server did tell me they could prepare a veggie paella that was on their menu previously. 
There were 5 in our party and we shared some dishes among the table. So a variety of items were ordered. The cauliflower was delicious! The Brussel sprouts, and tortilla de patata (Spanish omelette) were very good too. My meat eating dining companions tried a variety of meat and seafood dishes. We also ordered all 4 desserts on the menu with everyone sampling.  The churros were yummy and if you like creme brûlée, you have to try this one. The orange flavor in the dessert was spot on!
Really enjoyed the dining experience here. They have a nice bar area. Good music mix was playing too. Service was friendly.Two of us dropped in here on a Saturday 7:30-8 when the rest of the local establishments had a wait for a place to sit. This place will be among them soon. The food is beautiful, cocktails are eclectic and spot-on, and the staff is knowledgeable, friendly and attentive. The pricing is very reasonable. It was one of the happiest accidents of my holiday season.Superb food and service! Really well crafted menu and huge sherry selection! Don't be fooled by small plates they is more food than you'd think in each 1st and 2nd course offerings - great tapas! Thanks Matt!We went last night and sat in the window.  Our server was both friendly and prompt and very knowledgeable about the menu.  The red sangria was refreshing and in a very welcoming large glass! We had the tuna tartar which is the best I have had in years, the roasted peppers, the roast asparagus and a meat and cheese selection. All of it was wonderfully presented and super tasty.  Go you will love it!Came here for restaurant week during lunchtime. Food was just ok. Squid ink rice was too salty. Highlight of the meal was the potatas bravas, nothing else was very memorable.  I ordered the sangria as well, which was basically just wed wine poured over ice with a slice of orange thrown in, not worth it.I had a phenomenal dinner experience at Oloroso. We ordered five tapas and everything was great. Two of the dishes (eggplant and clams) were out of this world good. They also have a fantastic selection of Spanish wines and Sherry. 
Dishes ordered:
Spicy Chorizo (A-): sliced thin served with fresh green olives
Roasted Shisitos (B+): roasted just right but not a standout by any means 
Eggplant Tagine (A+): outstanding. have never tasted eggplant like this. The caramelization from the honey makes it taste more like sweet squash 
Braised Lamb Shoulder (A): excellent. Lamb incredibly succulent and cocoa farro rich and delicious
Littlenecks(A+): outstanding. Sherry broth with onions and breadcrumbsI was also here with Amy S. on a Tuesday. It was wonderful. I second her review. I only give it 4 stars because i had to actually pay the bill. The food and cocktails were great. I had the green apple cocktail with Smith and cross rum. Real apple. No apple pucker. :) 
The food is delicious and high quality, but the value was a bit skewed. Almost 15 bucks for two pieces of cheese and a few slices of salami is a bit much. BUT the octopus was totally worth the 15$ price tag. Conclusion? Skip the charcuterie, double the octopus!Well, the food was interesting but not what I am use to with a small plates restaurant.  The clams and pork belly were good but that's about it.  Maybe if they had a more extensive dinner menu it would be more tolerable but as it is, I'm not returning.I loved it here! Came on a Tuesday and it was so much fun. Our waiter was friendly, funny and sociable. Service was excellent. Highlights include the octopus (!!!!), the olives and the marrow. The atmosphere was cozy and warm. Perfect for a weeknight drink and light dinner. Can't wait to go back and try the paella!Last night's dinner with my friend was a solid 4 1/2 star experience, but I'm rounding up this time because i had one of the best things I've ever eaten in a very long time at a restaurant...1/2 Pig's Head!%^$*&$ YES!
I got to the 5:15pm reservation on time, but my friend did not calculate the lousy traffic getting into the City, so he was quite a bit late.  Because of the expected heavy turnover, the front staff said that the table was now gone, but if we wanted to eat at the bar, that would be fine.  The bar was fully empty at the time, and since I downed two fig sangria drinks already and was hungry, we took the offer, and was able to move to the corner of the bar by the front door so we had plenty of space to talk.
While reviewing the menu, our well-versed bartender made some recommendations such as the $65 5-course Chef's choice with a $10 add-on for some of the Pig's Head.  Instead, we opted for an appetizer each and then while discussing about the possibility of getting the Pig's Head as I mentioned about some of the pictures on Yelp of it, our bartender said that there were only three left for the evening.  I jumped on it and said one of them was ours.  
The appetizers were one ok (friend's) and one outstanding (mine).  I had the Charred Eggplant Tangine (Honey, Ginger, Piparras).  This was at least over an inch thick piece of hockey puck-sized eggplant that was amazingly cooked with the honey and fancy and tasty greens on top.  Very tender, easy to cut, and tasted wonderful and sweet like dessert.  I felt this was worth the $10.  My friend had what were supposed to be sardines (don't remember the name), and the five 4-5 inch slivers of fish just were not worth the price and the taste was not what he remembered from Spain.  
The homemade bread we got seconds of with some olive oil, and then the 1/2 Head came out in all of its glory.  The bartender let us take our photos (which is now one of my Yelp shots), and served us.  The Pig's Head takes over 24 hours to make, and they serve maybe 8 or so nightly.  They had less this night because of selling some the night before, and it's not a regular thing.  Cracklin' skin, super-tender meat from all pieces of the head including the tongue, snout, jowl, and everywhere else.  It's very filling!  Both my friend and I loved it.  You have to order it for two, and it was $38 each.  If you do not get there when the restaurant opens and the first hour or so, you will probably not get the Pig's Head because they sell quickly.  Ours was ordered just after 6pm and there were only 3 left.  The sauces that came with the Head along with some outstanding well-crisped potatoes and not-so-hot peppers were flavorful and made the Pig's Head that much better (but you could do without them as it was that good.)
We were in a food coma for some time after eating and drinking.  My friend noticed that they had several Sherry options available from not so sweet to sweet.  He chose one on the bartender's recommendation and I tried a separate sip.  It was like liquid raisins.  
So for having to lose our table and a not-so-great appetizer, we still overall had an awesome meal and one of the most unusual dishes we've ever had, but it was one of the best, too.  We'd like to come back!
$180 including drinks and tip for two appetizers, 1/2 Pig's Head main course, and three drinks.  I spent $25 on two more drinks waiting for my friend beforehand.Made reservation for 3 of us a month in advance. Showed up 15 minutes early and seated at high table at the bar. Multiple regular tables open throughout restaurant but told they're all reserved. Manager told us that parties of 3 are seated in bar and only parties of 4 seated at tables. Got on opentable and reserved another restaurant. Food better be great for their sake. Maybe first 1 star I've ever given.I will preface this review by saying that I really loved Petruce at Al. I was very disappointed when it closed, and especially disappointed to see the beautiful space empty and gathering dust for months and months on end. So I am highly encouraged to find that the people at Oloroso have taken the space over and made it their own. Their Spanish menu seems pretty all encompassing. My husband and I went in for dinner tonight and sat at the bar, and we were treated very nicely. We had the black squid ink rice, the tahine eggplant, the octopus, and we shared a small paella. The squid rice was nothing short of outstanding, while the octopus was complicated yet forgettable. The tahine eggplant was yummy tasting but undercooked, and i expressed as much. They took it away and brought a new, properly cooked plate of eggplant soon after, which was just lovely. The paella was delicious, chock full of seafood, and very generous for two people, especially after the appetizers. After dinner, we felt like something chocolatey, so we asked for a recommendation. We were told that the fig chocolate cake was good for a chocolate fix, and also the churros. We ended up ordering the churros, and they were like heaven. Greasy, delicious heaven. Perhaps because of my discontent with the eggplant, they also threw in the cake for free, but the churros truly blew us away. Oloroso isn't cheap but if you're a Spanish food fan, it is practically perfect. Give it a shot!I've thought long and hard about this, but the trophy for my favorite restaurant in Philly goes to (drumrolllllll) Oloroso! Bop-ba-da-baaaa!! (Celebratory trumpet noise!)
I've always had great meals here, and whenever I thought about the top of my list, this kept popping up in my head. It's delicious and often surprises me with its interesting flavors.
Recently, I suggested this for a friend dinner and my experience completely solidified Oloroso's top billing on my Philly restaurant list. Everything I had was fantastic, but let me point out some standouts.
Squid ink rice, the perfect amount of squid ink taste, rice with a risotto like quality, and perfectly cooked fried calamari on top. 
Charred eggplant, sweet from the honey, interesting spices, a touch of bitter from the char, a flavor combination I feel like I've never had all with eggplant that soaks in all those flavors beautifully.
Coca de recapte: a flatbread with boquerones (anchovies). There's another boquerones dish on the menu, but this is the one to get! The saltiness of the anchovies pairs well with the sweetness of the roasted red peppers and the caramelized onions.
And last but certainly not least, the roasted half pig's head. We decided to splurge and try this. This dish is definitely not for the faint of heart. It's a bit gruesome: They literally bring you a pig's head, teeth and all! Then they carve it tableside, and you're left with juicy, delicious pork. The outside is the crispy pig skin, salty, crunchy, but also sweet from the caramelized gastrique and it's soooooo goodddd.
Highly, highly recommend for a great meal with great ambiance and great service!Delicious variety of tapas. Wonderful for a slow dining experience. Upscale hip place with wonderful staff and excellent food. The Nautical Knot was a phenomenally wonderful and potent drink as was the Back to Basic. A truly wonderful experience.Took my parents there for lunch on Saturday, and we all really liked it, from the food, to the atmosphere and the service.  One of my fave tapas experiences in Philly.  I look forward to going back.
We loved all the dishes - eggplant, beets, octopus, scallops, paella.  Their freshly baked bread!!! Their desserts were outstanding!! Sangria was delicious!Tried this place for restaurant week following a friend's recommendation. Everything was SO GOOD! We each got to choose two in the first course so we shared the patatas bravas, bruselas asadas, brochettas be pollo and charred eggplant. Everything was amazing and extremely flavorful. Even the bread they served was delicious. For dinner, I had the NY Strip and my friend had the wood oven pork belly. Both of these dishes were also delicious. We opted for the churros for dessert. The chocolate dipping sauce had a bit of spice and wasn't too sweet. The whole restaurant was also beautiful and we had a high top for two near the open kitchen. All of the serving pieces used were also beautiful and added to the ambiance. We both said that we would love to come back again soon!Lovely Spanish restaurant. Oloroso is one of my favorite Spanish restaurants in philly along with Jamonera. Both the food and the service were great.
Oloroso has a gigantic menu. Lots of options. And they have a gigantic fried pigs head. Hoping to convince the husband to get it next time around 
We got a ton to share:
The musts:
- charred eggplant. So lovely! my husband is normally a meat and potatoes kind of guy but he enjoyed the dish as much as I did. Nicely roasted and tender. Such a unique flavor! It's sweet and spiced and everything nice. 
- ny strip.  Steak was cooked perfectly - medium rare. I loved the medley under the steak - mushrooms and croutons. A bit on the sherry sweet side as well
- olive oil cake with apricots. This was my favorite! Such a lovely dessert. Not too sweet. The cake was extremely moist and the apricots and cream added great texture and flavor.
Others
- pata negra. What happens when a pig is fed acorns for his entire life? Deliciousness! I really enjoyed this, but the dish did not stand out as being particularly different or exceptional. The membrillo and mustard were great complements
- patatas bravas. This was my husbands favorite. The style was less traditional. The potatoes sit in arich tomato and chili base 
- spinach salad with jamon Serrano, hazelnuts, and picked onions. This was not exceptional but was a nice light green complement to all the heavy dishes we ordered. Sherry dressing is nice and bright.
- crispy pork belly. Not exceptional, but a wonderful dish for anyone who loves pork. The pork is really the star - nice crispy skin and tender fatty meat
- pulpo. This was recommended to us and hugely reviewed on yelp. I didn't love it - but to be fair I did not have the muramura sauce it was served with based on an allergy. The octopus was a bit too tender and didn't have enough char or bite.I was craving paella and a friends' mention of this place sent me exploring the menu, and ultimately to eat there. 
Everything our party of four ate was delicious. We started with a charcuterie plate with a few divine cheeses and two types of meats, as we mulled over the menu. And their bread is so fresh, noteworthy and  worth the indulgence. 
For our next course we shared the charred eggplant tagine, boquerones, marinated tuna, short rib croquetas, grilled octopus and smoked lamb shoulder. We ended up ordering a second boquerone they went so quickly. As an entree, we all shared the large Oloroso paella, with clams, mussels, shrimp, and traces of chorizo. 
For dessert, we had a gelato, and a wonderful spin of a crisp cinnamon stick accompanied with a chocolate sauce. Both were scrumptious!
The only dish we were all lukewarm on was the croqueta. My favorite of the appetizers was the tuna which was a flavor bomb. I also thought the eggplant was quite flavorful and unusual. I loved the saffron flavoring of the paella, though I thought the seafood was a little over cooked, and the dish skimped on chorizo. Not surprisingly, as the flavors of paella improve with time, my friend said the leftover paella was even better the next day. 
I loved the decor. We sat in the front room but as I went up to the ladies room I was inspired by the cheese table, pig leg, wine room, and just cool space. I would definitely return. However, that part of the city, while close, is area I don't frequent. And, no particular dish compels me to rush back. But, it was quite good and definitely worth a try!First time here. The restaurant is beautiful.  The food is great and drinks were both on point. The chicken entree was very well executed as was my wife's lamb.  Portion size was just right as well.  My wife has new favorite cocktail bar now as well.We went there for dinner last night before going to the theater.  We both had the tasting menu$65.00 per person: it started with a cheese and olive plate and a red beet salad, both were terrific.  We then had Escargot and GrilledOctopus, neither my significant other nor I had ever eaten either before.  It was absolutely delicious. We had Wood Oven Pork Bellies and Charred Egg Plant which were both superb. We then had a vegetable Paella$35.00 that was so delicious we could not stop eating it.  We enjoyed several cocktails, beer and wine from their excellent drink menu and our server, Dan, made the whole experience even better,  We can't wait to tell our friends about it and to go back again.We went there on Saturday night and had reservations for 4. 2 of us made it before the time of reservation and they told us the table wasn't ready so we had to wait by the bar. Ok fine we went. It passed about 15 min and my friend went to check with the hostess and she said all of a sudden you're table is ready but since you're party is not here we can't sit you. Why didn't she mention this in the first place? Anyway, we move to the table since we're all there. Waitress seemed she didn't want to be working that night. Not very friendly. Food was mediocre.I thought the food was good, but not amazing. Its tapas so the plates are small, but pricey. I sampled much of the menu and was just underwhelmed. Again, the food was decent. I just expected more especially for the price point, and have had better tapas in Philly -- namely Barcelona. You should still check it out because its got a great cozy vibe. A very nice date spot! Oloroso for a nice date night, Barcelona for a casual group of friends.A for effort, B for quantity, C for cost.
Must get: scallop, pork belly, squid ink rice, blistered peppers
Meh: shrimp on shrimp
Missed: main courses, pig head
It is quite a shame that we live in the amazing foodie nation of Philadelphia, and I can't find a tapas spot that offers the perfect blend of specialty treats with wallet-conscious menu options. While Oloroso offers a great variety of classic and novel tapas, i.e. the shrimp on shrimp (shrimp toast with squid ink brioche), I felt that many of the items were definitely way over priced and the taste of each dish was rather mild and difficult to appreciate. My favorite during our 1st course extravaganza was probably the scallop and pork belly, which were expertly prepared, albeit, small enough to be consumed in one bite, rather than shared. The shrimp on shrimp was a visually appealing concept, but when it came down to taste, all I could think of was shrimp paste due to the imperfect blend of texture and smell. All of the dishes were also fairly oily and made us feel mildly queasy by the end of the meal. Due to the $30+ charges for the main courses, we opted out during this visit, but may consider if the portions are reasonable...we'll see.
At the end, we had a good time, but with the cost in mind, I'd look elsewhere if you wanted to enjoy a guilt-free tapas night.
Food: 3 stars
Service: 3 stars (forgot our food)
Price: 2 stars
Ambiance: 3 starsGreat little tapas spot, try the octopus - rated #1 octopus by Philly magazine. Sit in the back/middle not the front window seats for full ambiance. Super crispy pork belly.Oloroso thanks for making my friend's 30th birthday dinner so special! From the thoughtful touch of writing her name on the menu a to the complimentary glass of rose, you sure know how to make someone feel special. Entering this place that many people seem to just walk by, I immediately loved the elegant but chill laid back atmosphere of this place.  For the night itself, I felt like I was back in Spain eating the local cuisine and offering items in its traditional form with somewhat of a twist. Since we were celebrating my friends birthday, we all decided to go with the tasting menu ($65 per person). I would totally recommend this for any group, totally worth the money and allows you to taste the bulk of the menu. The best part of this option is if you really want to try something, the restaurant was more than accommodating. 
My favorites from the night  include the pulpo gallego, gambas al ajillo,wood oven pork belly, and off course the paella. All of these dishes were extremely flavorful and properly seasoned. 
I will surely be back to try and explore the rest of the menu. I particularly have my eyes set on the gigantic fried pig head.On my return visit I discovered that my favorite dishes from my initial  5 star review are no longer available. Their replacements are not quite as good. No more shrimp on shrimp toast. In its place is an avocado and crab toast. Very good but not great. No more squid ink rice either. I tried the ny strip steak. It's sliced into very thin tast slices, but there was a little too much heat for my taste with the hot peppers it's served with. The bacalao croquettes are still as delicious as last time. Dessert was a sweet raspberry cheesecake. But again, not as great as the desserts I had last time.
My guess is that there is a different chef now than on my last visit.  Sad to say I must drop Oloroso down from its previous 5 star rating.tl;dr with mediocre service and just creditable cuisine, this Spanish tapas bar is no-go for me in the future.
Last weekend, I was fortunate enough to score tickets to Hamilton at the Forrest Theatre. My partner and I went back and forth over our pre-theatre meal (as we also had a pickier eater in our party), and we finally settled on Oloroso. I really have enjoyed Townsend in the past, so I was excited that we would be able to dine at another of his restaurants before our show. Plus, it was right across the street from the theatre, and it offered a three-course pre-fixe menu for just $35 per person.
Immediately upon entering, a light green wooden bar spread deep into the left side of the room, mirrored by a handful of high-top tables on the right. Additionally, seating is available at the mezzanine further back. The whitewashed walls soak up cozy red tones, making the restaurant feel increasingly intimate as the sun sets. Offbeat instrumental music plays unobtrusively in the background.
We arrived just as the restaurant opened (which was also 2 hours before our show). With a little luck, our party managed to snag one of the few booths, upholstered with a comfortable Moroccan quilt. Among our orders, I had the opportunity to try a number of drinks and dishes, including two sherries, the Bacalao Croquetas, the Roasted Beets, the Charred Eggplant, the Wood Oven Pork Belly, the Coca de Pimientos flatbread, the Calamares Fritos, the Gambas Al Ajillo, the Churros, and the Burnt Honey Budino. The croquetas reminded me of a sophisticated fish stick, with a perfectly crunchy outside and soft interior; however, the saffron aioli was wanting a more robust flavor, and the dish felt one-dimensional. The beets were served above a lemon creme and sprinkled with pistachio. While I enjoyed the crunchiness and acidity of the first few tastes, every bite after that felt overpowered by the lemon. On a brighter note, the eggplant was subtly tasty, with a meaty texture and a multitude of flavors -- unfortunately, this was not a dish that I ordered myself, so I only had a single bite. The pork was also pleasant, with a perfectly crispy skin; yet, the pineapple-cherry dressing was surprisingly bland. The flatbread had a mixture of dynamic notes, but was overwhelmingly spicy -- my partner didn't even want to finish her bite.  The gambas had a generous serving of well-cooked shrimp, but the broth had only a single note, and the chickpeas felt like an afterthought. The churros were perfectly crispy and cinnamony; one of our party aptly likened it to a funnel cake. Yet, the chocolate sauce was a bitter flavor, offering a rather unpleasant contrast to the churro. Finally, the budino (which has a high bar to cross, if you've tried Barbuzzo's) was sweet, but this rendition lacked the heartwarming crunch and saltiness of Barbuzzo's.
Despite an eagerness to cater to the theatre-going crowd with their Pre-Theatre menu, I was shocked at how lackadaisically we were treated. We informed the hostess that we would be seeing a show within 2 hours, but it took over half an hour minutes just to get a drink -- we hadn't even ordered our meal at that point. Once we did finally, dishes proceeded to trickle out at a torpid pace. With 20 minutes before our show, we had to ask for the check with dessert -- and even then, it took another 10 minutes for dessert to hit the table. We had to madly scarf it down and dash across the street to make our show in time. The entire meal, we felt on edge about the time, simply leading to a dismal dining experience. Maybe this is the spot to go if you have a completely free schedule -- but certainly, don't be fooled by their Pre-Theatre offerings.I tried Oloroso a couple of months ago with a large group of friends. The restaurant was just opening so I will give them the benefit of the doubt In many aspects. 
The service was really good I'm not going to lie. All the waiters and waitresses were very attentive and kind. 
The environment is also very cozy but nothing shocking. From what I remember is that it was very plain and simply decorated, but still pleasant. 
Now the important part. 
1. Drinks and cocktails. I do not believe they had the option of a pitcher of sangria when I went. This might have changed- not sure. But if you were at a large party like we were It was a modest $15 for just a glass per person, and with a group of 7 that wasn't the most affordable of options. 
We ended up getting some bottles of wine but it would have been nice to complement our Spanish tapas experience with an affordable option for sangrias
2. The food. Everything was delicious and perfectly cooked and seasoned, but way too small and way too pricey for what it was. For a group of 7 like we were we had to keep ordering 2-3 of everything because the tapas were just that small. And I have been to other tapas places and understand the concept that they are small dishes to share but these were just TOO small. Probably one or two bites per tapas which was just really hard to share. The price-quantity ratio was just very off. 
Some of the things I would recommend to try are 
- short rib croquetas  
- squid ink rice 
- grilled octopus 
- gambas 
- bone marrowPrefix tasting menu, pretty sizable food for $35/p, bu the better is their Shery. I'd never encountered a restaurant with sherry draft before this.Went here for the restaurant week deal. I don't really like Spanish cuisine, so any negative comments are purely based on my personal preferences and not the quality of Oloroso's food:
-Belgian endive salad. The combo of walnuts, apple, fennel, and blue cheese was refreshing. It was pretty heavy on fennel so if you're not into that you might want to skip this. 
-Garrotxa. Sourdough bread, jam, cheese, almonds, olives. Hard to mess that up.
-Churros. So light, soft, and crispy. Definitely the best churros I've ever eaten and I've had a lot of churros.
-Burnt honey budino. Sort of like a salted caramel custard but better. It was incredibly sweet- almost too sweet, and I have a sweet tooth. 
-Eggplant and pork belly were alright, not my fave.
Important note- Oloroso knows how to make a cocktail. The gin, beet, and thyme cocktail was amazing and I don't like gin, beets, OR thyme. 
The ambiance was romantic, the service was impressive, and the outdoor seating was lovely despite some loud traffic and Jefferson helicopters hovering around. 
If you like Spanish food, you're going to love Oloroso. If you don't like Spanish food, you're going to like Oloroso.Flawless meal. Tapas highlights include the sherry clams, octopus with chorizo, squid ink rice, short rib croquettes, and blistered peppers. 
The Paella Valenciana with rabbit, chorizo, escargot, etc was another gem. The rice was perfectly cooked with a great crisp finish from the wood burning stove. I also ate half a pig's head which was intimidating at first but one of the best things I've eaten all year. 
Ask them to pair the meal with a sherry and a wine and you've got yourself a winner.I'm unsure if they're pouring 5 or 6 oz pours here. If they are pouring a 5oz, they are an oz short. If they're pouring 6oz, then they are absolutely cheating you. I made a comment about how my "end of the bottle" pour was short and my friends glass was matched to mine, so the bartender then pours my glass higher and leaves my friends glass short. Very odd to me. Bartender also didn't say more than 2 words to us the entire time. Do you hate money? Do you hate your job? We came to grab desserts and would have gladly spent more money here, but we ended up leaving after only one round.Went for dinner with my sister. Really nice staff and ambiance. The tapas were fine. But $44 for a half serving of paella and there wasn't enough seafood? I've had better tasting and more reasonable priced paella in the city. A price reduction would be probably my only criticism.I really enjoyed this spot! I asked my hotel concierge for recommendations, and this place topped her list. A short walk and a seat at the bar on a Wed night - still fairly busy! 
I ordered a nice variety of things. I read a bunch of reviews saying the squid ink risotto was great, but I wasn't feeling it. Here's what I got:
1. Blistered peppers - crispy and seasoned perfectly. 
2. Tortilla de patata - surprisingly filling and dense, with an amazing sauce.
3. Pork belly - worth every penny. Seriously, the crisp they get on the outside of this is just delicious, and seasoned so well.
4. Butternut squash daily special - a really nice roasted squash done in sous vide first, and perfect sauce and spices. Highly recommended if they have it when you go.
Also got some of their bread which kicks ass. And a glass of red wine which wasn't that memorable, but their selection is good. 
Check this place out! I really enjoyed the food and atmosphere.This was one of my favorite date nights in the city. We needed a reservation for two on a Saturday evening at 5:30. We were seated right away. Our server was really helpful in describing the menu and  making recommendations. Since it is tapas, we had six dishes between the two of us. It was enough but we were not overly full. We wished we ordered two at a time because it came out so quickly. We were finished dinner and drinks within an hour of our arrival. Our favorite was the octopus while least favorite was the clams. I'm not a big seafood person but thought the octopus was delicious: cooked perfectly (not chewy or fishy) and the flavor was fabulous
Loved the open concept kitchen and watching the magic of the kitchen.What a warm, inviting, and quietly elegant restaurant. Fantastic food. Interesting authentic flavors. Easy, well-paced service and terrific drinks. Octopus w chickpeas and shrimp toast were highlights of our tapas dinner. Also really enjoyed the beets and scallops. Tuxedo #1 cocktail tasted very authentic with Fino Spanish sherry. Highly recommend.My husband and I recently went here for my birthday dinner. Food was amazing! We had the beets and calamari for appetizer and the waiter brought us a complimentary appetizer- the sardines. I never had them and swore I'd never try them but they were delicious! Really fresh. We also had the paella which they modified for us since I eat fish and not meat. Our waiter was super attentive, accommodating, and all the staff we interacted with was amazing. We'll definitely be back.I'm sad that they don't have hot toddy's...I wish that wasn't put in their past reviews because I chose this place based on it. The bartenders aren't friendly and can be rude at times. Otherwise, they always have a great happy hour and amazing food. I may give it another chance but hope the staff changes soon.Good food to try and trying a Spanish food.  It's not authentic but the facility is really trying to prepare elegantly.  Happy hour is good but nothing to be excited about. It's something close to Spanish food but not really but it's good.We found this restaurant after missing a reservation at another establishment. Best find ever!! The atmosphere is amazing and the service is exceptional. The food was simply incredible. My family cannot stop talking about the great time that we had and how we cannot wait to go back.Esq and I were dying to try Oloroso for some time, but alas, the reservation gods were never shining upon us. The hostess promised to call me if anything opened up, and holy snikees, she actually did! We greatly appreciated her kind gesture and her follow-up (a week in advance). Great customer service! 
Upon arrival, we were led to the back dining area where we were provided with the option of a high-top table or a bar-type seat which overlooked the open kitchen. We chose the bar seats which made for a really fun experience. My hubs is the chef in our house and he loves watching the magic happen in restaurant kitchens. Thank God for his culinary abilities or else we'd starve. 
We ordered our cocktails (we both went with the "You Said It", which was refreshing and unique) and we ordered a slew of small plates. The Tortilla de Patata was a hit, as were the Blistered Peppers, the Shrimp-on-Shrimp, and the Cod Croquettes. Our least favorite was the Roasted Cauliflower, mostly due to the fact that it was served cold with a vinegar-based dressing. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't what we expected. 
One thing to keep in mind is that the small plates are very small. The price adds up quick when you're hungry and when you want to sample (nearly) the entire menu. We knew that going in and decided to go to town anyway. 
Reservations are a must in this place. Make one and go!We came for brunch ahead of a show at the Arden on a Saturday afternoon. Every dish was excellent. We stated by sharing cauliflower, Brussels sprouts and beets. I ordered soup and croquets. My husband chose the chicken plate while our friends chose the chicken tapas , the anchovies and The frittata. The bread with salt an oil was outstanding. Will definitely go back.A glass of sangria and a course menu was perfect  for a holiday lunch. I really liked the fennel salad, crispy pork with salad on top, and the calamari in black (squid inked?) rice. The restaurant is very popular; it was overbooked for the day.Came here for my friends Bday dinner. Overall good experience, worth 3.5 stars, but rounding down to just "OK" because the food needed some work. There were some amazing dishes, but even more "A-OK" dishes, and a few just bad dishes. And for the prices, these small portion-sized dishes should all be amazing. The service was great, and so was the atmosphere, such cute decor. But, for the prices, the food was not as impressive as other Spanish tapas places I've tried. 
The EGGPLANT was AMAZING, best eggplant dish I've ever had. It was a thick slice of eggplant, that needed to be cut, it wasn't mushy like most eggplant dishes. The sauce on it was fantastic. Best dish of the night. (but its super small, so order 2). 
The Octopus was also very good, with chickpeas. The seafood Paella was good, but for the 25-30 min prep time to cook it, not worth it. We ate all other dishes and could have been ready to leave by the time the paella was done. The rice in the paella was so crispy on top that it kept sticking in my teeth. 
Average food was the short rib croquettes, and blistered peppers. 
Not so good food was the Spanish Tortilla; there was hardly any potatoes and tasted just like a tiny round egg omelet. For $9, very sad. Since we didn't get our traditional Spanish potato fix from the Spanish Tortilla, we tried the Patas Bravas next, which also was mediocre; the potatoes were better, but over cooked. Also, the cod croquettes were not worth the price, they tasted like fish sticks I ate when I was a kid. 
Overall, I'm bummed I didn't love Oloroso as much as everyone else who gave great reviews. Just needs some fixing of a few staple dishes, or, a reduction of price for the small size portions. If the food was better than I wouldn't mind the price tag. But 3 stars because I probably won't come back here given other Spanish tapas restaurants in the city that I like better. Still a cute place though, and very friendly service.Everything was good esp the steak and the shrimp. The cocktail that was made of mezcal was very good as well! I would def go back!I have attempted to come here several times but never made it until I caught Mama Mia up the street at the Walnut St. Theater. The restaurant is small in size but large in flavor.
To start the meal we had shrimp,  bomba de barcelona, charred eggplant tagine, squid ink rice, chorizo blanco. This restaurant is a tapas location so we had several small plates. The shrimp was amazing,  the eggplant was bold, and the squid ink rice was heavenly. 
You must try this restaurant if you are in downtown Philadelphia.We were in search of a tasting menu and stumbled upon this new spot that has been open since November. The bar was inviting with its sleek design, and our bartender was knowledgeable and friendly. We started with cocktails- both house specials that were awesome- their original take on a martini & a Sazerac.  We let the chef decide our tapas and we decided to go with an upgrade and order half a roasted pig's head. The charcuterie  & cheese platter was delicious- the aged cheese coupled with spicy sausage, buttery olives, candied fennel with homemade bread (from the owners granfather's starter) was a perfect way to start our meal. Next we had tuna tartare (my personal favorite dish of the night) along with roasted cauliflower & raisins and a spicy chickpea & shrimp dish. Next up was lamb with farro, and tripe with roasted peppers and onions, followed by, what would be considered the "piece de' resistance" half a roasted pig head- which was actually my least favorite dish of the night. The presentation was wonderful- but the pork itself was very greasy and while the meat was tender, it had no flavor at all.  We ended with two wonderful desserts- churros that were served with a rich chocolate sauce for dipping and a ramekin of flan- paired with sherry. All in all- we were quite full, and very pleased with the service, vibe and the food. We'll definitely return - we'll skip the pig though and try some of the other tapas.The roasted half pig head ($76) is the main reason to come to this restaurant The pig head is served in its full glory (tongue, ears, teeth, snout, etc.) with sides of potatoes, shishito peppers, and 3 dipping sauces. Once you take your photos, the server will remove all of the bones and leave you with a heaping mixed platter of juicy, crispy, tender pork (depending on what part you're eating).  Note that if you're not one of those people who wants to think about what animal you're actually eating, you might want to wait for the deboning to return back to the table.
I gave the restaurant a 4 instead of a 5 because everything else we ordered was good and satisfying but not out-of-this-world. For the 4 of us, we ordered the large seafood paella (a little on the wet side), the wood oven pork belly, the grilled octopus, the charred eggplant, and roasted wild mushrooms. I would happily eat any of these items again, but they were not nearly as impressive as the pig head.
Final thoughts: the pig head came last in the meal so make sure you save room! Some people say that there are a limited number of the pig heads that are served every evening so if you want to be sure to get one, make sure you don't go eat too late. For reference though, our reservation was at 7:30 pm on a Saturday night and we had no problem ordering one.WARNING: My Yelp star score is only for the food, drinks and waiter service. I had a fairly unpleasant experience with the hostess at the front. I made a reservation for four people and I arrived on time but people in my party were running late. They arrived one after another and when one other friend arrived, the hostess came over and asked us the eta for our two other friends and we said they were definitely still coming just running late. She then told us they only hold reservations for 15 minutes and they needed to turn the tables for more guests and reservations. Which is fine...but why sit us down at our table already then tell us this? I literally asked her, so are you trying to kick us out now? Or what? So we decided to order (I guess before they had to kick us out?) even though our two other friends weren't there yet but came like 10-15 minutes later. The worst part for me, was that at the end of our dinner when we were waiting to leave, the restaurant was not filled to the brim. There was literally an empty table next to us the entire time we were there. So I'm really not sure why we were rushed or frankly why they were being so rude to us at the beginning. This experience would have brought my score completely down if it weren't for the actual food at the restaurant. 
We ordered a lot of the major tapas and all were delicious. I think my favorites were the Brussel sprouts, the steak, the croquettes and the patatas bravas. They had very classics tapas options and all were really cooked well and tasted pretty amazing. The portion sizes were not too small either. The dishes were rich so I felt like I got the perfect amount of full after sharing several dishes. 
We also got cocktails and wine. I really appreciated our server giving us recommendations for wines and letting us sample them before we ordered. We also ordered the churros and olive oil cake. I love churros, but wow, I was really impressed with the olive oil cake. I would 100% order that again.Really great place to eat! 
I was taken here for a birthday surprise dinner with my boo. We were welcomed by staff as soon as we entered. 
We were seated at a small table in front of the big window so we would have an intimate area while also people watching since we enjoy doing that. 
I wasn't aware that this restaurant was a tapas place and had only been to one other tapas type place before so was looking forward to trying it again. I ended up ordering a beer with my meal and we started off with some croquets, we also tried some avocado toast and got some steak to share with some pork belly that was fried. All the foods besides the steak was new to me and I never had it before but I was surprised about how tasty it was. 
The waitress was super friendly and was helpful. When we were getting ready they said enjoy your show... and to my surprise the dinner was just the beginning, and a great start to my birthday night. I would definitely come back again because I enjoyed the food and service.What can I say. When you go and have been to a great restaurant a number of times and the food, wine, service and ambiance just get better each time, what do you say? Just go, eat and drink at Oloroso you will quickly find out why it is just the best. It is such a superior restaurant in all departments.Garlic shrimp chili chickpeas tapas was awesome meatballs were great the paella was OK. I would definitely go there again!