I swear they must raise the fish in the back of their restaurant. I love sushi from Osaka and I am never disappointed when I go there. Everything is so fresh, I love their spicy tuna as it is actually spicy. Also, the Lobster tempura is fabulous. Good place for a date... Or at least is has been for me!One of the best sushi restaurants in the city. Spicy tuna hand rolls are a must! So many delicious things to try here. Staff is always friendly and the food will never disappoint. If you haven't been here you are certainly missing out!It's great to have a sushi restaurant in Chestnut Hill - it makes it easier to satisfy my craving for raw fish when I'm not in the mood to trek out to North Wales for Cho Cho San. Even though the sushi isn't as awesome as other places, the atmosphere is really nice. It's upscale with a cool vibe (pretty remarkable, considering it's the Hill) and the service is always great. Good drinks and lots of space make it a smart choice when you want to eat well but stay out of Center City.Always great service but the food wasn't the way I remember. The sushi used to be like butta but now just regular. DisappointingI kind of want to give 4.5 stars. It's close to perfect, but as I've tasted better sushi, it's not quite perfect. Still, since I'm feeling generous, it gets a little more than it deserves today.
It's a mid-scale restaurant, definitely fancy enough to take a dinner date (upstairs, a lot of seating is dedicated to couples). Nothing too special, but for the mid-scale price, it's about right.
The sushi was fresh and delicious, definitely MUCH better than almost all the sushi I've ever had in the NorthEast. They actually gave me real tobiko (lots of places cheat and give you soggy masago) and the squid and hamachi were delicious. Service was quite prompt and friendly/polite.
The best part was the ice cream and the beers/alcohol. The servers seemed to know quite a bit about the beer offerings, and there were bottles from smaller breweries in Japan that were actually very good. As for the dessert, there was a delicious mochi green tea ice cream, more authentic than most desserts I've seen at Asian restaurants.Best Sushi in Chestnut Hill. They have several specialty rolls and the ones I've tried have all been very good. The service is quick and friendly and the sushi chefs will help you if you're having any difficulty in deciding what you want. I wish the bar was alitttle bigger and they were open later...Best outside of downtown Philly!! 
Honorable Mention Rolls: Osaka Roll, Kani Kamikaze Roll, White Tiger Roll, Red Phoenix Roll, Lobster Tempura Roll, Spicy Scallop Roll & Specials!:)Hands down!!!  The absolute best Japanese place around.  Everything is amazing on the menu.  The sashimi is always fresh, which is very important.  A must try are their Lobster Ravioli (you'll never find another place that prepares it like they do here, NO LIE!),  Kanpachi Carpaccio, Sea Bass and Dynamite Roll.  They also have another location in Lansdale that includes a large hibachi side.  I definitely highly recommend this place.Osaka - yum.  Definitely the spot IF you're in Gtown AND cannot travel far for your sushi fix.
Pretty small place but by no means stuffy.  Groovy music and lovely decor.  The waitstaff are always pleasant, and yes, do sit at that liquor bar and order a pomegranate mojito.  Life altering experience.
My favorite kind of sushi is the very basic yellowtail with scallions.  I have no idea why, but it's bland here :(  The best I've had to date is at Raw.  Here, my favorite roll is the crunchy spicy tuna.  That's very reasonable at $6 or $7.  The specialty rolls cost QUITE a bit more.  Not reasonable by my standards.  So when I'm here, I stick with the basics.
I've gotten take out a few times.  If you're not a fan of watching other people eat great food while you wait 25 minutes for your bag, call in ahead of time.Since my last review I've been to Osaka many times and have never been disappointed! I've tried a lot more of their menu items and my new favorites are the Ika Ika Yaki (fried calamari with a guacamole dip), the fried gyoza (beef and veggie dumplings), veggie tempura roll, garden of ginger salad, honeymoon roll and lobster tempura roll. All have been so fresh and full of flavor! The service is always awesome and the waiters are friendly and so knowledgeable of the menu items. 
One quick note: I visited Osaka with a group of about 12 awhile back and the experience was just as good as it is when it's just me and my roommate. They were appopriately attentive and did not mess up a single order! It was a great time!
Osaka is definitely one of my favorite places to frequent in Chestnut Hill and anyone in the area should definitely make it a point to stop in!!!Meet up with a friend here and the food and service was great. Miso soup and sushi were delicious. I must say this is a pretty good place for quality sushi since I've tried others that are more on the cheaper side. Will definitely be dining again since it isn't too far from where I live but can be very pricey - being that it is Philly, there are plenty of other options to explore though. Still would recommend trying out.Freshest Sushi in Mt. Airy/ Chestnut hill. I usually get take out. Almost always order the honeymoon rolls, which are shrimp tempura, topped with salmon & avocado. Wait times can be hit or miss, usually vary from 25-40 mins especially on the weekend. Hostesses not always the friendliest either. I've dined in once, service was good. Would definitely recommend, local gem!Great place in Chestnut Hill for sushi. My friend and I both got the Honeymoon roll which was delicious. The restaurant is a pretty small space, would not recommend for large groups. Perfect for a girls night with your BFF or date night. Make a reservation ahead of time!Very tasty and a decent price, nice atmosphere. Great date spot. Would definitely recommend the nigiri or spicy tunaOsaka was really a great discovery for us. 
We had reservations, but still ended up waiting for about 15 minutes.
When we were seated, our table was in the upper level of the restaurant. Everything about the decor is tasteful, from lighting to pictures.
The crabcake is AMAZING! I am from Maryland, so that is a HIGH compliment.  It was completely made of large tender pieces of crab, with no fillers, and a bit of seasoning. Also, it is HUGE, so worth the price.  All of our maki rolls were fresh and tasty, and sushi and sashimi, too.
Really have no complaints, and will be back soon!Osaka is one of my favorite sushi restaurants and is second only to Zento in my book. They have a great menu, the food is always fresh and delicious and the staff has always been really kind and helpful which definitely gets them bonus points. Also important is the fact that they have a full bar and the green tea ice cream is amazing.Great service and food. Slightly disappointed the Lobster Bisque special was $15 a cup. I think that's too pricy for the amount of soup and lobster. A total rip off.
I ordered the Lechee Martini which hardly had any vodka and I had to ask for a double in order to *taste* the alcohol.
Will we visit here again? Possibly. I might just return to my favorite SUSHI spot in Fairmount, Dasiwa -great quality sushi and affordable prices.Osaka was a pleasant surprise in Chestnut Hill.  The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and the sushi bar was open to the restaurant so you could watch the chef's prepare the food.  We ordered 3 rolls for two people and despite our full bellies ended up ordering a 4th after we finished because it was that good. Prices are a little high, but it's good quality, fresh, classic and inventive rolls. We will definitely be back!Awesome place...I think sushi is best in area, with the price to match...small bar, good timesMy girlfriend and I like Osaka, and come for special occasions like Valentine's Day (as we did this past weekend) or for our anniversary. I feel like the quality and service has gone down a bit. The ginger green salad used to come with a tomato or cucumber, but now it is 100% leafy greens. For $6 it is not worth it. Their sushi rolls are excellent, but again very pricey. Desserts are nothing to write home about. My favorite part of the meal is the green tea, which of course they charge $2 a cup for (as opposed to most other japanese restaurants where it is included). All in all it's quality sushi but definitely overpriced, and you can get equally good sushi at a fraction of the cost at other great Philly Japanese restaurants. Service is relatively quick but not very friendly.Wow. My fiance has lived in Philly for 10 years and I can't believe he's never tried this place! The sushi was among the best I've had. We started with the shumai appetizer. I'd never had these before and this was a great place to try them. The sauce (ginger ponzu) was salty and a great complement to the shrimp dumplings.
We had:
-Veggie tempura roll (with asparagus and yam)
-Spicy tuna
-Honeymoon roll
-Lobster tempura roll
-Unagi maki
-Hamachi maki
I'm a little wary of yellowtail after the Hokka Hokka incident but this fish was great. Great smooth texture and not fishy at all. The spicy tuna was the best I've ever had, it was actually spicy!!! The honeymoon roll was crispy and the salmon on top was so fresh and delicious. The lobster roll had a GIANT piece of lobster in it and was served with more spicy sauce. I'm so glad T decided to share. :) I left the unagi to him ... I'm working my way up to liking eel ...
The atmosphere was great. Dark and calming, very zen. They have a bar with a TV as well as a sushi bar. We called at about 4:00 to make a reservation for 7:00 and I think we got the last one. It was so crowded, tables were full pretty much from the time we got there until we left. The women that came in behind us were told it was a 30 minute wait. 
My only pet peeve of the night was getting charged for each soda, no free refills. I get it, we're not drinking alcohol and you still want to make money off of us but come on. However, the sushi was so good this did not affect the 5-star rating. :)Went there Saturday night with out a reservation. The hostess did everything to help us get a spot. We ended up at the sushi bar and had a wonderful dinner. The waitress was great as well as the sushi chef. This was a great overall experience form the minute we walked in the door to the minute we left happy with the amazing sushi we just had. Can not wait to go back.Solid sushi and nice ambiance! Love this little joint. Bento boxes are a great value and the food is always delicious. Service is timely and attentive. Happy to have this place in the neighborhood! Really love it.Came here for lunch during the weekdays. There is street parking or a parking lot in the back (not free).
My three friends each ordered a lunch combo that included miso soup and I went for a midori sushi entree (9 nigiris and a spicy tuna roll).
The place was really nice, plenty of tables. There is a room downstairs where you can eat japanese style on the tatami. The staff was friendly and even though my entrée did not include a miso soup, they still brought me one because every one else on the table had a miso soup. We also got complimentary edamame!
The food itself was pretty good. I thought all the nigiri were delicious and tasted fresh. I especially liked the fatty tuna and the salmon. Just fyi, the lunch combos are on the lighter side so if you are hungry you may want to order something else as well. My friends and I came for brunch so they ended up ordering more rolls with their lunch entrée as we were all pretty hungry. 
I am glad I found a good sushi place not too far away from where I live and definitely will be back!um...YUM.
i decided to venture to Osaka for the first time after my usual sushi spot in the area was closed. SO GLAD it was closed.
Osaka had delicious, filling, and fresh sushi rolls that were at a pretty inexpensive price! I will DEFINITELY be back.Monday - October 8, 2012 (Columbus Day) at 1:00 PM
I've been to more restaurants than I care to admit.  I enjoy dining out but, have grown tired of ordering off a menu.  I guess you can call me a menu snob. 
Often I will ask the server to surprise me - bad idea!  I receive a meal directly off the menu.  My own fault. 
A stubborn man am I - once again- asked to be surprised.  I must admit I am a sushi novice that abstained from anything "raw" or anything termed "sushi". 
I am a Sushi convert! 
This time I gave a $25.00 dollar limit and asked for a Sushi surprise.  The server gleefully admitted that the staff enjoyed a challenge 
I was not disappointed.  I received a platter full of colorful traditional and yellowtail tuna.  Salmon, rice, ginger, and wasabi rounded out the presentation.  I was quite FULL! 
Just a reminder - I ordered the "surprise package" when few patrons were present.  Could Osaka Japanese Restaurant duplicate my experience on a busy Saturday night?  Until I return - and I will - I have to place 5 stars for this experience.Went for an early valentines dinner last night. Food was pretty good (not great), service wasn't. We were served an appetizer and but no plates to eat them over, so we ate over the soy sauce dish? I thought okay they're kind of busy it's fine. Our sushi finally came and again no plates. We politely ask the server for some plates and she says "oh sure" and walks away. We sit there for about 5 minutes just staring at the sushi and I was pretty miffed at this point so I get up and walk about three feet away from my table to the server stand and "oh look plates" so I grab two and bring them to the table myself. Server shows up about 5 or so minutes later, no plates in hand, clearly confused, probably wondering how the heck we got plates. Oh and it also took about 30 minutes for my beer to show up. How long does it take to pour a beer? As I said, food was decent, but not worth the bad service. Won't be returning.I had another birthday dinner here and they delivered!The sushi is great! I enjoyed sitting at the sushi bar and watching them create their sushi dishes!Everything was fresh and good.When I asked the sushi chef what something was he gave me a taste.I had my first taste of sea urchin.The only thing I can say I didn't love was the duck lettuce wraps.They were OK.Otherwise had a wonderful dinner!As I've mentioned many times, the varying degrees of sushi are very minute. Sure, theres a HUGE difference between bad sushi, and good sushi, but amongst the good, they are pretty much the same. At that point, its all about variety of rolls and things like that. Osaka actually does a great job in their variety. They had a LOT of really good, varying rolls. There was a decent sized menu, with appetizers and a range of entrees aside from just sushi (they also have hibachi, but I only tried the sushi, so take that into account). The waitstaff was a little impersonal, but nothing horrible, the hostess was very pleasant, the decor is cozy and inviting, the area is nice, etc....so why the 2 stars?! Like I said, with all things being pretty much equal, its hard to stand out for taste and decor, and selection are things that most, if not all, sushi spots offer now a days. Where Osaka falls HELLA short is PORTION SIZE. I don't know if thats nit-picky or not, but the Mrs ordered a roll that came out, LITERALLY the size of a cigar. $10 for a roll that looks like a fruit rollup? I got the sushi combo that came with an anemic tuna roll; it tasted fine, but for almost $20 for some fish and rice, can we beef it up a little more? I really wanted to give Osaka 3 stars, because besides the thin rolls, its a fine place. But its a japanese restaurant, so thin rolls is kind of a big deal. It would be like a pizza place giving you an 8 inch pizza when you order a large, and still charging you $18 for it. Starsbucks large coffees don't come in a thimble. I can't see myself going back, but only because for the same price, I can get the same quality, and a little more of it, at like 50 other places.Worst sushi experience ever. The fish is not fresh at all. The sashimi tastes like jelly.When I first saw Osaka, I didn't think much judging from the outside appearance, but once I walked through the doors I knew this place was going to be much better than I anticipated.  Although it can get crammed when busy, Osaka is a pretty cozy, well decorated restaurant.  If you're coming here there's a 95% chance it's for sushi and I can say I've eaten here 3 or 4 times and I've never been disappointed with the sushi I've ordered.  The staff is also very accommodating with how the sushi is prepared. If you don't like fish-eggs, they won't put them on, or if you prefer a soy wrap rather than the traditional seaweed wrap for your roll it is no problem.  All the major rolls (California,  spicy tuna, & shrimp tempura) are very tasty, but there is one roll on the menu I must recommend.  I absolutely love lobster and when I saw the lobster tempura roll on the menu I had to try it.  I've now order it every time I eat there and have gotten others to try it as well.  It has a huge chunk of lobster through the entire roll with, from what I can remember, avocado and mango all in a soy bean wrap.  There is also a spicy, creamy dipping sauce that comes with it that just ties the whole thing together. A must try!  Also, if you aren't feeling sushi, give the short ribs entree a go.  The meat is so tender and delicious and the sides are probably like nothing you've ever tried before.  Another recommendation is the duck lettuce wraps. All delicious.  Whether you get sushi or not, Osaka is going to serve you something you'll surely enjoy.The spicy scallop roll is a must. Consistent sushi everytime. Small (very tiny) bar, but the bartender was great and very friendly. Take out too!
I've been here about 5 or 6 times eat-in and about the same for take-out and have never had anything bad. The Kamikazi roll is probably the best sushi roll I've ever had. The spicy scallop roll is delicious too and comes shaped like a cornucopia of sweet scallops. Service has been slow a couple of the times I've been there but is typically pretty good. 
I won't say its generally the best I've ever had (Sushi Ran), but compared to other local sushi joints (Cin Cin) I think Osaka is pretty damn good.Sushi is definitely good but it's overpriced FOR SURE, AND they don't have a brown rice option.  Thus, Hokka Hokka down the street gets my first choice for sushi in Chestnut Hill.  (Every Sushi place needs brown rice.  Period.)my girlfriend was craving sushi so we decided to try osaka. even though i've spent a ton of time in chestnut hill, i'd never gotten around to dining there. first of all, it's very deceiving in terms of space. it looks small from the outside but it's quite spacious once you get in the door. they sat us right away and, even though we had to wait a little too long for our server to greet us, we didn't wait long for anything else the rest of our time. we were disappointed with the pomegranate mojito but that was the only thing we didn't enjoy. everything else was fantastic, especially the kani kamikaze roll.Great sushi - creative rolls and sauces.  A bit on the pricey side and a fancier atmosphere than Hokka Hokka, the spot further down Germantown Avenue.  The service is hit or miss - I have gone a few times that entailed a wait of an hour or so for food. And they definitely seem annoyed if you come without a reservation.  I have had better luck with take-out, but it's an insanely expensive take-out meal...I was pleasantly surprised by everything about my experience at Osaka. It is walkable within downtown CH, it is much larger than it appears from the outside, the waitstaff was quick, attentive, knowledgable, and efficient, the food, even on a Sunday night, was fresh, beautiful, and satisfying, and the price was quite comparable to other sushi and Japanese restaurants. And all without having to head downtown and struggle to find parking! I will be back.Possibly the best sushi in the Philadelphia area.  I don't think I've had sushi any better in NY.  Please, please order the kani kamizaki roll.  Please!!  The staff is knowledgable staff and the experience is always drama-free.  Why go into the city?I'm shocked to not see 5 stars on this one! My husband and I loved this place! Food, drinks, atmosphere, service- 5 stars all around. 
From the outside this place looked like it was going to be somewhat small on the inside. To our surprise it was much larger then it appeared, with a spacious downstairs dining room, sushi bar and an upstairs. There is a small cocktail bar also. Unfortunately we missed happy hour, our server said it is from 5-7 weekly, however good to know for the next visit. If you check out the menu online you'll see this is pretty much a typical sushi place as far as the cuisine goes however everything was beautifully done. I started with Miso soup and the house salad with ginger dressing. The hubs and I then split a ton a sushi. Again, typical cuisine, ie California Roll etc but for lack of better description it was just- great sushi. I had a New Zealand sauvignon blanc, modestly priced that went nice with my meal. Because the place is on the larger side it became somewhat loud, a restaurant quality that does not bother me at all, however some folks like to know that sort of thing :).  Service was attentive, food came in a timely matter and I can not wait to go back to Osaka in chestnut hill!!I was pleasantly surprised at how big the restaurant was once I stepped inside... looks small from the outside. The sushi was good enough that I would come back again.Really nice little place in Chestnut Hill, the restaurant was clean and servers were excellent.  The rolls were great, fresh and the specialty rolls were huge, funny to try and eat gracefully.  I will be back when it's warmer to have dinner and have a walk!Enjoyed the sushi, but the service didn't knock me out. I'm an African American. And one thing I noticed with my waitress is that she was 90% more bubbly and cheerful with the other customers than she was with me. It got to the point where it made uncomfortable for me to see her go from another customers table, being happy to wait on the customers, to my table, where she didn't seem to want to serve me. Again, I enjoyed my meal, left, and even left a nice tip. Would just like to receive the same bubbly service next time.I went here last night with my best friend. The sushi here is awesome! Normally, we go to BlueFin. This place, I like even better. I think I'm going to start driving business here, advertising to my friends and coworkers. I'm already on Yelp writing this review. 
The reason I give this place only 4 stars is because I actually think the prices are a little expensive. Then again, I did order 4 appetizers and a dessert. My bill for my portion came out to around $65 before tax and tip. 
I had the kobe beef slices with ginger and ponzu. It was delicious! The beef was seared and lightly seasoned with some kind of sweet sauce. I ate it rapturously. Then I had lobster ravioli. It tasted very creamy and very fresh. There were three raviolis, in the appetizer, and they were very filling. Next, I got the spicy seafood soup. That soup was good but a little underwhelming considering I paid $6 for it. The lobster and the kobe totally made up for it.
For my main course, I had White Tiger special roll ($15). It was a nice size. The dish was Black Marlin with spicy crab, roe, and vinegarette. I think it could have been better with a different choice of fish. The fish was very fresh tasting, but slightly burnt. That might have just been the taste of the Marlin though. 
Next time, I'm going to stick with YellowTail, which is normally what I get at sushi restaurants. I tried some of my friend's and hers was very very fresh. We ate our meal quickly.
Dessert was huge. I ordered the vanilla panko crusted ice cream with fried banana. It was a nice dessert. It came with fresh strawberry slices. The presentation was impressive. However, the dessert portion was huge! I mean mammoth.
I can see why people call this the little Morimoto.  I plan on going back, probably just to try more of the hot appetizers. Those are amazing!I love this place, the food is always amazing. It never disappoints. The atmosphere is great. The staff is friendly and constantly checks on you.Some of best sushi that we've had in philly. We usually get the boat and let the sushi chef go to town. Everything that we've had here has always been outstanding and fresh. For the value I think this is one of the best sushi restaurants in town. I stopped in for lunch once and got so much food I wasn't hungry for dinner.
It is also nice that I can go here after work in scrubs and not feel out of place.Food was good but not great - crab cake was disappointing. Service was poor- our waiter seemed new - never told us about specials- never asked if we wanted dessert- had to flag him down for a second drink. For the price, should be more attentive serviceOrdered carry out last night.  Packaging and presentation left a lot to be desired.  Food portion appeared to be smaller than when eating in.  I was still hungry afterwards.  Maybe they haven't updated their menu on line as I was charged $2.00  more than stated. Hostess was not as personable as she could have been.The restaurant is quite authentic and delicious. Sashimi is fresher than many other restaurants in this area.I really wanted to love Osaka... really.  I've been there twice, and both times, I was not happy with their smell....
The first time we went, the waiter was very sweaty, like dripping sweat onto our table sweaty.  The food came out really slow, even though the restaurant wasn't packed.  But, it was good. 
We went back earlier this week for lunch.  It was dead. But I felt like we still had to wait a while for our food.  It was hot and humid in the restaurant, and it smelled like a restaurant kitchen, but not in a good way.  The lunch was great though - I had the short ribs bento box, and the ribs were cooked great.  It was a lot of food for the money and i definitely left feeling satisfied and full.Had the spider roll and Yaki Soba, the lady had the biggest crab cake I've ever seen. Everything was great, including food quality, portions and service. Highly recommended.Best sushi in the area. It's really that good. The fish is always fresh. Make sure you get some Oh Toro. The service is top notch as well. Prices are average for Chestnut Hill. Don't go anywhere else if you're looking for quality sushi.Went for lunch and ordered the chicken somen noodle soup and then split the honeymoon roll ;), dynamite roll, and kani kamakaze
The chicken somen soup tasted bland and was cold within 30 seconds of being on the table.
The dynamite roll is just a bad idea. Nothing about this dish went together, didnt finish
The kani kamikaze could have been good but the honey sauce did not have the proper punch to offset the spicy crab.
My girlfriend is a bit more bashful than me when it comes to roll, she played it safe with the smoked salmon and spicy tuna. After tasting these rolls I was relieved to see that I did not misfire on my order....the food is just bad.
Osaka seems to want to position itself as a more upscale option to Houka Houka (another Chestnut hill sushi spot), and the ambiance speaks to this. However the food is actually worse than Houka Houka and the prices are higher. I would advise they actually serve a quality of food that matches the presentation and then maybe I would return. Until then Houka Houka is definitely the place to eat sushi in chestnut hill!I dined here once & I order shrimp tempura sushi roll & mussels, lobster ravioli. Not to mention the service sucked they act as if they didn't want to serve me. When I was eating my food my stomach started to feel queasy at the table and I threw the food up right on their table. Not to mention that the ravioli was cold in the center but long story short I didn't have to pay for my meal and I think they did something to my food to make me sick and I will never eat at this place again I prefer HOKKA HOKKA Chestnut hill much better service and food.Decent sushi, Horrible, some of the worst service I've ever had & I've waited tables. We had reserved a table of 8 for my birthday. Our waitress was clearly inexperienced not really knowing what she was doing nor asked other staff to help her. She didn't know the menu nor how to basically be a waitress... We repeatedly had to remind her to bring plates to actually eat the food and basically had to remind her how to do her job. She never once asked us how our food was nor if we ever needed anything like a drink, water, anything. Not a single time. We constantly had to ask other staff for anything. She pretty much ignored our large group the entire 2 hours we were there. It was my birthday and she brought a lit birthday candle on a brownie while I was completely alone at the table and when most of the guests left the table to use the restrooms (there were kids in our group so the parents were also gone for a few minutes). I've never had to sing happy birthday to myself while sitting alone. She was utterly clueless and quickly rushed away after dumping the birthday cake in front of me. What waitress brings a lit birthday candle to no one? She was too young and too inexperienced to work as a waitress. Management is at fault.I'm pretty picky when it comes to my sushi but Osaka blew me out of the water. The sushi was made with extremely fresh fish and were well sized rolls. We ordered five rolls which included the white tiger roll, the dragon roll (some of the freshest eel I've ever had), the great tuna roll, the north shore roll, and the special roll which was salmon with asparagus inside and spicy crab on the outside. The service was fast and pleasant, we were seated right away on a Friday night. My boyfriend and I also both got the sake-to-me cocktail which was amazing. Definitely will be coming back!not much to look at from the outside.  inside, really nice.  elevated seating area was nice.  the waiter suggested one of the specials of the day:  watermelon gazpacho.  we were intrigued.  it was surprisingly pretty amazing.
the flavors seemed to hit one by one: watermelon,tomato, garlic then spice. chunk crab meat came on the side.  it was really really good.
we ordered seaweed salad which was as good as anywhere.
sushi specialty rolls:
hong kong dragon... my favorite.  torched eel on top.  yes please.
Osaka roll... kind of a melting pot of items in a cucumber wrap.  i dipped them all in wasabi soy sauce.  it was decent.
white tiger - this was a good looking roll which was good and had a killer spicy sauce.  it was pretty hot (im a baby though).
in all, it wasnt overly expensive.
the biggest issue was that i chose the place on my home computer based on the menu - which was different than the iphone app menu - which was different than the restaurant menu.  what i was looking to find wasnt there and i was marginally sad.Not the biggest portions one would hope for at these prices but this masterfully made food. The Osaka Roll is one of the best I've ever had. Great service and good ambiance as well.The sit in for lunch had good service and a good deal for the lunch box special. Parking is in a paid lot right behind the restaurant, accessed by the side streets.Dined on a quiet Monday. Excellent service. Some unusual dishes were terrific including watermelon gazpacho with crab and a special salmon/mango/avocado/crunchy roe role. Worth a visit.Oh Sushi, how I love thee so.  Just watching you being made, in all of your freshness, makes me smile.  And oh how you pair so wonderfully with cucumber martinis.  How you taste even better when the srvice is terrfic and the restaurant is clean.
It's offical, at 100 pounds soaking wet, I ate 48 peices of sushi...plus my salad and soup and two martinis.  I've lived a life of happiness and fulfillment after a dinner such as that.  
FIVE STARS...I wish I could give it ten.I love their lobster ravioli!!! The service is amazing and the sushi chefs are very friendly. My only complaint if you want to call it a complaint is they have these daily specialty rolls that are separate from the normal menu. These specialty rolls are amazing and I wish they kept some sort of record of what they are so they can be ordered again. But other than that they do a great job.This was by far the best sushi I've ever had in my life... And this is coming from someone who's been to loooots of sushi restaurants with a high price tag. My boyfriend and I are new to Abington area so we're still exploring different options. We thought Ooka was pretty decent but after last night Osaka is our new favorite sushi place! We started off with a beer and a sake drink (it had pineapple and some sort of a sparkling wine in it -delicious!) then ordered the streamed beef dumplings for an appetizer which were delicious and finally had a featured roll, pieces of sashimi and a white tiger roll ( see the enclosed picture). This place is charming and great for celebrating birthdays anniversaries etc. it's also situated in a very interesting and safe area. We will be back!!!!I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet!  My boyfriend and I hit it up almost every time I'm in town.  This is definitely solid sushi, and it's so convenient if you live in the suburbs near Germantown.  
It's a great place for a date if you feel like going out.  Fancy drinks, intimate lighting, and they really work on presentation of the sushi.
And even if you get take out it's amazing how beautifully they display the sushi.  I haven't had anything bad yet.This is the Chestnut Hill Sushi Bomb!  From service to decor this is a can't miss.  Make sure you try the Kani Kamikazee Roll.  My Fav.Good option for dining with non-sushi eaters. Sushi is good. Avoid rolls if you are a purist. Service is fast. Atmosphere though much too loud and so cramped you can easily hear the table next to you.Really good sushi. Friendly staff.  Our favorite place for sushi is Bluefin in Plymouth Meeting, but getting in is impossible.  Osaka has a great vibe, great sushi, a full bar (unlike Bluefin), and lots of seating without being too huge. 
The place looks trendy, but the people are pretty laidback, a lot of neighborhood types, so it feels down to earth.  
While I like the sushi at Bluefin better, I'll probably go more because it's easier and almost as good.Love the sushi here and a great happy hour. Haven't been in a while but this is a great little sushi restaurantWalking in to Osake the room opens to a larger area than one would expect judging from the exterior; excellent atmosphere overall.  As far as the menu goes, I wasn't overwhelmed.  I'm not really a roll guy as I feel you're getting mostly rice, I prefer to taste the fish itself so I usually order a variety of nigiri.  At Osaka they charge per piece, not the two pieces per order standard that I'm used to; I guess I'm also used to the standard generic paper order form that accompanies the menu too.  Taking this into account I figured I should be dealing with some melt-in-your-mouth fish but alas it wasn't that; quite edible for sure but not outstanding; the sake (salmon) and hamachi (yellowtail) were probably the best of the lot.  
Speaking of saké; their selection was limited and overpriced.  Their cocktails were tasty and kicking but I'll take cold saké or sapporo over a fruity beverage when mixing with raw fish.
I suppose my first sushi experience outside L.A. was bound to be a little bit of a let-down so that might've taken away from Osaka before I stepped foot in the door.  Next time I'll be picking up a bottle of sake myself and heading up to Cho Cho San to see if it lives up to the hype!I LOVE OSAKA.  The sushi is great.   They have a late night happy hours on weekends with cold food and drinks til 1.
On weekends it's a really good idea to get a reservation.  The crowd is your normal Chestnut Hill rich guilty liberal crowd, but at least that means that wait staff are happy because they're getting good tips.  Casual dress but not sweatshirt casual.  Jeans are ok.  
Sit at the bar (the liquor one--though the sushi bar's fun to sit at too) and be a guinea pig for the bartender's experiments.  YummyGreat tasting sushi and good service. We did find a hair on the ginger and a piece of plastic on the mochi, but everything else was nice!Very tasty and a decent price, nice atmosphere. Great date spot. Would definitely recommend the nigiri or spicy tuna.I like how when I scrolled over the two star mark, it said "Meh, I've experienced better".  That pretty much summed up my experience at Osaka.  For what they charge, both their service and their sushi should be better.  
But it wasn't.  It was good sushi, but for what they charge I expected better than good, or at least better than average.  Osaka is very average.My wife and I come here on a regular basis when we need a sushi fix. The sushi is fabulous, the restaurant is quiet and romantic, the service is great, and it is just awesome. However, since sushi is generally expensive, the bill adds up quickly! Nevertheless, it is completely worth it if you are looking for top notch sushi and a nice, relaxing dinner. It is located in the beautiful town of Chestnut Hill, and I would recommend this restaurant to anybody.This was by far the best sushi I've ever had in my life... And this is coming from someone who's been to loooots of sushi restaurants with a high price tag. My boyfriend and I are new to Abington area so we're still exploring different options. We thought Ooka was pretty decent but after last night Osaka is our new favorite sushi place! We started off with a beer and a sake drink (it had pineapple and some sort of a sparkling wine in it -delicious!) then ordered the streamed beef dumplings for an appetizer which were delicious and finally had a featured roll, pieces of sashimi and a white tiger roll ( see the enclosed picture). This place is charming and great for celebrating birthdays anniversaries etc. it's also situated in a very interesting and safe area. We will be back!!!!We love this place. We are totally spoiled and have a hard time finding another sushi place that can stand up the ridiculous meals we get here. The amberjack and truffle app is amazing. I would rank it as a top food of all time, honest! We always split the chefs choice for 2. We like the special rolls - I mean who doesn't?! - but we really like to taste the different flavors and textures that show up on this plate. Plus, the amount of fish we get for the price can not be beat. The selection is large - the usual yellowtail, tuna, and salmon - but soooo much more and it changed a lot too. And we always joke we never get one of those flayed rubbery shrimp just to fill the plate ha-ha. The salmon here is the best I have ever had. I am not normally a big salmon fan but here, I love it. The service is great, always knowledgeable. We use opentable to make reservations all the time - recommended. We almost always go on Friday nights and it can be crowded but not too noisy and we are never rushed. The patrons seem like local, casual people. Often there are well behaved children here. 
PS we live in Roxborough and take $12-14 (one way) uber/lyft rides back and forth. We almost always stop at cake for tarts to take home. Its our favorite night out and we never get sick of it :)Although I've tried sushi many times I can honestly say that I am not a fan. Something about the seaweed wrap just makes me wanna run and hide. So, last week some sushi-loving friends and I went to Osaka for the first time...and as the rating says, "Yay! I'm a fan." I browsed the extensive sushi list and decided that since my waiter seemed friendly enough to not be offended by my dislike for the stuff I would tell him my dilemma. He instantly assured me that I was not alone and that he could simply replace the seaweed wrap with a soybean wrap (for an additional $1)! Why has no one ever told me this before?! So I went simple and opted for a roll with no fish, the Yasai Maki (Asparagus, avocado, cucumber, and baby greens) and it was delicious! Very fresh and a nice size. I also had the mushroom salad and duck lettuce cups which were super tasty and my friends all loved their rolls as well. Great atmosphere, food, and service.  Can't wait to go to Osaka again!!!Overpriced for what you get. I've eaten here several times and always been underwhelmed by the food and overwhelmed by the bill, so when friends wanted to meet up here after Stag and Doe night a few weeks ago, I ate dinner early and just showed up to drink. One beer in, I felt a bowl of rice would not be amiss so I ordered just that. The waiter gave me attitude about my "bland choice" and then ignored our request for a second round of drinks. The rice was lousy, too. Never again.Great sushi, staff is friendly and always willing to offer suggestions. Good knife-work by the sushi chefs and worth watching if you sit at the bar. 
Positives: fresh sushi, decent pricing
Negative(s): menu does not change often, wait can be long on moderately busy nights.Just got the Alaska Roll and Hamachi maki (first time) and I'm very impressed. Great everything and each roll is made with great craftsmanship!Great service, cozy atmosphere, great specialty rolls.While it's not quite Zama or Fat Salmon, Osaka serves up some of the best sushi I've had in Philly. The portions are also generous, and the chicken teriyaki entree was delicious as well. Plus, its Chestnut Hill locale is cute and just about perfect for a date. I'm definitely a fan.