We were very excited when they opened up PJ Clark's in Philadelphia after being to the one in New York City many many times. However we were in for a big disappointment: first of all they do not carry Guinness beer on draft which on itself it's already unacceptable! In addition when we order the famous shoestring fries we were given regular fries and when we asked about it we were told by our waiter that that was it. That those where shoestring fries...  we were given a table in the back in a completely boring and bland area.. none of the ambiance we were expecting...For our next Guinness fix we'll go to NYC. We are not coming back to this one!Strolling around Independence Hall area of Philadelphia on a Sunday afternoon as a first time visitor and couldn't find much open. Surprised it was so dead, likely bc it's a somewhat resi neighborhood or maybe bc the Eagles fans were licking their wounds from come by behind, Q4, three touchdown win by the Panthers.. 
Saw a sign outside and strolled into PJ Clarkes and struck gold. Eileen, the manager, introduced herself and gave me a tour of the new bar and restaurant, history of PJs etc, treated me like I was family. Sat down at the bar ordered Other Half IPA and fish and chips. Insanely great. Best fish and chips on the planet, with out question- flakey, light, cooked to perfection. Will definitely head back for another round with crew in tow.  Garden salad delish too!Beautiful bar area. Huge TVs. Suffering from opening day hiccups. Very friendly staff. Tried swordfish & scallops...very good. Things will probably smooth out with time. I'll be back.Great dinner! Wonderful selection of wine, beer, and cocktails. Had the mussels, crab cake, and beet carrot salad. Delicious! Lively atmosphere and friendly wait staff. Terrific experience!We had a wonderful experience, friendly and helpful server, great food, pleasant atmosphere, not too noisy! The trout was to die for!Visiting friends for the holiday in Philly and decided to try PJ's as we were familiar with it from NYC.  Well, we were happily surprised.  Food was excellent, lively fun atmosphere and the staff was friendly and helpful.  We had a very enjoyable night out. Thank you PJ Clarks.Monday 1pm very quiet helpful service good bee choice. 
Generous fish an chips. Fish big fries string not so much. Supplied in pseudo newspaper but vinegar in pot on the side?
Chicken pot pie with real short crust pastry. Really liked it. 
Dark inner food area which ought to be a steakhouse. 
Apparently part of big city chains.   
As ever parking a pain inPhiladelphiaI have not eaten here yet but my daughter has along with her entire class....of first graders....and 8th graders!!!  She loved the Mac and cheese and burgers and fries and had a blast!!!
This restaurant opened their doors to a local school and invited the children.  What a great neighbor!!!
We are always looking for good restaurants that are family friendly and this will be our definite go to when in old city!  Thanks PJ Clarke's!Excellent food. Loved the Brunch Burger.  Brussel Sprout app was delicious.  Excellent service and great atmosphere. Will definitely go again.First time here and will definitely return again.
My wife and I arrived early and had a quiet dinner for two before the Friday night crowds. Enjoyed a well made Manhattan and a nice presentation of oysters to start. The lobster roll was the best I have had in a long time. My wife enjoyed her Cadillac cheeseburger very much. Apple cobbler for dessert we shared. Our server Katrina was on point and friendly and food came out quickly.Pj Clarke's misses the mark w/ it's avocado BLT poorly constructed as a open face sandwich. The turkey burger was the highlight seasoned well w/ the perfect amount of char. Drinks were mediocre ( old fashioned & Paloma) and the Caesar salad just say no !Not just for the burger lover. PJ's has everything you're craving, whenever you want it (kitchen is open late)! Their team cares about making your day, too. Love this place day & night!Food was great. I do t remember the young lady who waited on us, but she was amazing. I wanted something that wasn't on the menu (Pasta & shrimp w/o say sauce). She spoke to the cooks and they made it for me.Great vibe. Good bar scene. Manager is excellent with good vision for the place. Food was outstanding. Had trout and the lobster Cobb. Delish.I/we were SO looking forward to trying out the new PJ Clarke's, so conveniently in our neighborhood. We were on the way to the theater and thought we would grab a quick, simple, nothing fancy meal as we passed by. 
The FOOD was "ok". Not bad, not great. Small(ish) portions. (The deserts were huge portions, interestingly enough.)
The SERVICE was attentive - great marks!! (We were early, before any diner "rush hour", so many servers available, but I suspect they are trying to impress.)
The ATMOSPHERE was fine. Everything is new and sparkling.
The PRICING was a REAL DISAPPOINTMENT!!! We got 2 (small, Ceasar salads), 1 burger/fries, 1 chicken pot pie, 2 desserts (admittedly, we could have gotten one when we saw how large they were), 1 coffee. NO wine,  NO liquor. The tab (with a 20% tip) came to $128+. We were blown away. Honestly, it seems the total price was about twice what it should be. Again, a real disappointment!
We are hoping that the pricing will be brought down and will adjust to market (competition) prices all around. We were so looking forward to a nice, reasonably-priced, neighborhood place for a quick meal - often. Right now, this is NOT going to happen.Really could not find much to enjoy at P.J.Clarkes when we went with friends on a recent Saturday night. It's an attractive enough room, but our server was not very professional or well-versed in the menu. When one of our party returned her wine because she said it tasted funny, she got attitude from the bartender who brought over the replacement.
Food was just OK, so all in all very disappointed in what we had hoped would be a much better experience.Was very excited to try this location as I've eaten at the P.J. Clarke's in Manhattan on 3rd Avenue numerous times and have also been able to dine at the Side Car location. These experiences have all been great and I hadn't had a bad experience up until now at the Philadelphia location. 
All was going well and after having explored the city all day long, my friends and I opted to stop into P.J. Clarke's in hopes of getting an Espresso Martini (a tradition we've had since we graduated college). At the suggestion of the hostess, my friends headed to lounge area to grab a seat while I went to the bar to order our drinks. After inquiring if the bartender could make an espresso martini, I placed our order. He seemed a little unsure of how to make the drink, but quickly checked with a more experienced server before eagerly agreeing to make it (much appreciated). The bartender asked for our ID's and I explained to him where we were sitting and went to grab IDs from the group.
When I reached the lounge area, I was immediately stopped by a different server who offered to take our order. I explained to him that I had already been taken care of at the bar and he (very rudely) insisted that I order with him rather than his coworker. Having worked multiple serving jobs, I was taken aback by his eagerness to steal tips from a coworker. After a lot of back and forth I finally relented and allowed him to help us. He took our order, checked our IDs and was off.
10 minutes later he returned, not with drinks but instead asked to see my friends ID again. He takes sometime looking at it this time and after a long and intensive inspection, he seems satiated, thanks us, and leaves to grab our drinks...or so we thought.
Another 10 minutes passes by. Another man shows up (assuming he was a manager judging by the way he dressed) and asks to see "the ID from Virginia." While he was inspecting the ID we asked if something was wrong and he let us know that they had just acquired their liquor license and that the server was not used to seeing Virginia IDs (personally, I found this hard to believe given Philadelphia being such a huge tourist destination and with Virginia being so close). 
The manager continued to review my friends ID for an exorbitant amount of time all the while questioning her about the information on it and laughing each time she answered a question about her ID correctly. Finally, he informed us that the ID was missing a hologram (it wasn't) and that he was unable to serve us. He refused to look at the ID in better lighting (as the lounge was pretty dimly lit which is why I asked) and did not offer to have it scanned and offered no additional condolences or explanations. We decided leave rather than raise a stink since there was a large party with children sitting next to us.
I am highly disappointed with this experience and would not recommend this location to anyone. 
Please note, this ranking has less to do with the fact that my friends 6-month-old government issued ID was denied (even though my 3 year old, peeling, and broken in half South Carolina ID was accepted) and more to do with the rudeness of the staff and management. I would not recommend, at least, not until the staff is better trained on how to distinguish real IDs from fakes. It also would help to teach them basic manners as how to treat customers (and fellow employees!) with respect.
EDIT: We visited around 6:15 pm on 10/6/18. Hoping the owner will be able to see this and figure out who was working at this time.Stopped for brunch randomly. Large restaurant, felt like a maze getting to the bar area. I later figured out that coming in from the other door was faster. Anyway lush interior and bar area. Friendly staff and the avocado blt looked and tasted great. My only criticisms are that the brunch menu and cocktail list are too small. The draft list was extensive so seeing only 4ish cocktails was a bummer. Same with the menu. Otherwise it was great. I'll probably stop by during dinner. The raw bar looked goodVery cool place to stop for a drink and food. This is a classy place but if you're not in the mood to dress up, sit outside on the patio. It's a great place to people watch. My old fashioned was the best I've ever had. The fish tacos and burger were
 great and they have the best fries! 
It's a little pricey but worth it!Our visit to PJ Clarke's was amazing. Very nice, accommodating, and welcoming service. I ordered the Market Chopped Salad with Salmon and it was AMAZING. Super fresh veggies with crisp and flavorful salmon.So I went here the 1st week it was open. Went there for lunch and I was very disappointed  With my meal. The Burger i had was dry and didn't have a lot of flavoring. And the calamari was just so so. It seemed like they were kind of try to get adjusted. Went today for their happy hour. It was great I had the Mini   Cheeseburgers and the oyster rolls. The meat on the cheeseburger was extremely juicy and season well. The oyster rolls fried perfectly in the bread with delicious. Glad I gave it a 2nd chan and will definitely go back. If this was my 1st time going I would have given 5. Only giving it a four factoring in the 1st time when it wasn't that great. Hopefully will continue with the great food and atmosphere and I can re-rate this thing as a 5.Sat outside, server was great and very accommodating to some dietary restrictions in our group. Service was quick and food was great!Service was excellent. We started with the tots.  Crispy, hot delicious!  We also had the cauliflower.  It was ok.  I had the fish tacos.  They were good but needed something.  Maybe more sauce.  I also tasted the sliders.   They were cooked perfectly. My mom had the tomato soup which came with a grilled cheese stick.  She said it was very good. Omg.  The cheesecake was creamy deliciousness! Overall, I would come back.Fun spot for lunch near Independence Hall.  Three of us had cheeseburgers on national cheeseburger day.  A nice menu with lots of options.  Lots of pop culture and history with photos leaving you guessing on identities.Valentine's day solo was GREAT 
This place had a variety of music playing, great views elegant atmosphere. My fish fell right apart!!!!!! Manager Amber and Jared helped me through my meal with obudunce of knowledge for wines that went special with my main course. They were more than amazing and on POINT. Thank you to Marvin that was dressed so nice for keeping my area clean and fresh. Over all this is my 2nd time here and I'm in love. Greatttttttttt DEALS FOR THE QUALITY AND EXPENSE OF THE FOOD!!!! TOTALLY WORTH IT. Cant wait to go back to try another dish.
Team rolls 5 STAR
Management 5 STAR 
OVER ALL 5 STARSWe did a private cocktail/dinner party for 55 on Wednesday night and it was sensational. We worked by phone with Thea and with Eileen to figure out what we really wanted to happen and it happened exactly that way. Food was great, bar was gracious and staff made everyone feel at home and welcome. Frankly, it was like having a party at home. Oh yes, we are from New York City and were having this party in a foreign city, Philadelphia. For anyone wanting to do such a party, let me aim you at P.J. Clarke's. What nice people. Final note, we stayed absolutely in budget.Thanks for an incredible eating experience, doing it right during these tough times!!Great service, overpriced food. If the food were about 25% cheaper, this would be a four star review. Nice ambience, and I suspect the reason the prices are what they are is because if the location, but as a Philly resident in Olde City I know location prices... These are inflated too much.
We got the Mac n Cheese, Tater tots, pigs in pretzel blankets, and salmon Benedict. The Mac n Cheese was excellent. The tots were decent. The pigs were mediocre. The salmon Benedict was decent but the bread it was on was lacking. Drinks were all overpriced, but the selection was good.
Would I come back? For the service and outdoor seating, yes.Have been here several times since 10/18.  Brunch, very good.  Happy Hour, excellent.  Dinners have been inconsistent - some excellent, others average.  
Hoping we get to all excellent soon, we love the location, the setting and the bar is extremely comfortable.  Staff all very friendly and good at their jobs.  Bartenders especially great!
Clam chowder is hands down the best I've ever had.  Burgers are excellent.  Trout awesome.  Oysters also very good!My husband and i come a few times a month and thoroughly enjoy the service, food and atmosphere.  We came to Happy Hour with 24 members of a local organization and had a wonderful experience.  Everyone left pleased with the food and drink offerings and very impressed with the decor throughout.  Of special note was the service.  Very attentive and personable waitstaff and bartender.Had my retirement party here a few nights ago. I can't say enough about Eileen and the job her staff did. Every person who attended raved about the service and the food (the sliders were unreal!). I rented the lounge and it was perfect for what I needed; comfortable and classy. All attendees received attention whether by the roaming staff or the bartenders.  The owner seemed to spare no expense when he renovated the space; it complements the historic beauty of the Curtis Center and the surrounding area.  I was proud to have my party in such a beautiful location and will continue to come back.  What a great venue for a private party!Awesome Food and atmosphere! Flyers were playing on a large flat screen tv in the bar.  Great fun retro bar with old pictures of Philly and others.  
The drink menu is out of this world.  Mike the bar manager has a talent for making drink recipes and the beer draft menu is always changing.  Lots of 
 Great local beer.
All of the food looked and tasted amazing. Great portions and great taste. The Brussels sprouts were so awesome! The brunch burger was perfect and the French fries were great.  
The desserts are large portions! We got the chocolate brownie Sunday and cheesecake for 7 to share.  Wee recommend this family friendly restaurant!My boyfriend and I came here on a Friday night and had a perfect dinner. They're lucky in some regards that you walk past a maxfield parrish to get to the hostess, not to mention the stained glass walls, but still-- seated quickly, great work with the tin-esque drop ceilings and checkered table cloths are a nice touch. The short rib over pea purée was unreal good. He got a steak and mashed potatoes and loved it. Also had cauliflower and Brussels. Cauliflower had a mint sauce that would have maybe been better without the sharp cheese on top, but very good, and Brussels were flat out wonderful. A nice bitter negroni was perfect to cut through the fatty short rib. Thanks !!!Came here with a large group on a Saturday. It's a very large, spacious restaurant with both outdoor and indoor seating available. Definitely a fun place for a group of friends. PJ Clarkes is a chain of American-style restaurants, but this is the first here in Philly. 
To start, we ordered a number of drinks - they have something for everyone. I tried the aperol spritz which I thought was delicious and not too heavy on the aperol. For appetizers, we ordered the calamari, the cheesesteak eggrolls, and the oysters. The oysters were very fresh if you're in the mood. I really liked the eggrolls though - a great combination of cheese and meat with a crispy exterior. For the mains, some of the favorites included the fish tacos, the horseradish cheddar burger, and the skirt steak frite (this is huge FYI, so make sure you're hungry!). We were all very pleased with our choices.
Overall, this was a great place for some solid quality American food and drinks. It's especially good for larger groups! Would recommend.We had a great experience our first time here! We came for an early dinner with our 6-year old daughter, and the food, service and atmosphere was all fantastic. It's a cozy environment, with just the right touch of upscale to make it worth the while. My husband ordered the NY Strip and we agreed that it may have been the best one we've ever had. We're locals and will definitely be coming back. A great new option for a fun, family night dinner!Food was pretty good. Standard. The Irish bartender James was awesome. He was very helpful with getting the right cocktail for me as well as giving suggestions for bars in the area.Love the beautiful renovation, so much to see. Was excited to try with a friend for dinner and some wine. Service was excellent but unfortunately the food was really bad. It is very strange to serve an $18 burger with kraft American yellow cheese. There was nothing special about anything food wise unfortunately. I will add again that the service was impeccable and we were treated with incredible kindness and graciousness. I don't think I'll be eating here again but I would come back for possible happy hour at the bar, which looks like very nice. The menu items are just way to expensive for the low quality of the food. If this restaurant wants to be successful they really need to get a serious menu/chef upgrade so that the food items match the prices.This place is amazing! The space and decor is so cool. The space is big and impressive. Not your typical bar and grill. It is clean and very well run. I can not say enough good things about the staff. They were fantastic and treated us like long lost friends. Our Server Charles was so friendly and professional, he knows what he is doing and is very knowledgeable. The Manager Mary was equally as friendly to us. We were there for drinks prior to our night out on the town. So glad we stopped by, it reminds us of the Original PJ's in Midtown but a bigger version and they know what there doing in this location. Sorry we did not dine there this time but plan to spend more time there when we're back in Philly. Do not pass up this place. A real Winner!Stopped for brunch randomly. Large restaurant, felt like a maze getting to the bar area. I later figured out that coming in from the other door was faster. Anyway lush interior and bar area. Friendly staff and the avocado blt looked and tasted great. My only criticisms are that the brunch menu and cocktail list are too small. The draft list was extensive so seeing only 4ish cocktails was a bummer. Same with the menu. Otherwise it was great. I'll probably stop by during dinner. The raw bar looked goodA wonderful addition to Philly's. Dining scene. The hamburgers are a delight cooked just right along with pickles. A great selection of local beers. Can't wait to return!Excellent spot near Independence Hall for dinner. This is a quiet comfortable spot where we enjoyed a good burger and local beer. We found the restaurant clean and quiet. Service was efficient and friendly. The price was a good value for the area.Great brunch spot - solid service yummy meal. Spacious dining room and never much of a wait. The moderate price point always makes it ideal for groups.Great location, nice atmosphere, good service.  Unfortunately, the Thanksgiving Dinner was a huge disaster.  Did not eat most of the appetizers or entree.  The appetizers were pumpkin soup or green bean salad.  Literally a whole bowl of oily green beans with frizzled onions, way too many many beans and too greasy.  Pumpkin soup was too rich with cream.   The turkey was the only thing that was OK, the accompaniments on the plate were inedible.  Got our desserts to go and gave them to the concierge in the lobby.  We were so hoping that this would be our go to spot since it is so convenient.  Not sure we'd go back and try their regular menu.This was our first restaurant in Philly and I am so glad we decided to come. Had so much fun with me and my girls. The drinks are great and the service is excellent. Dan our waiter made the entire experience so much fun! Weather you sit inside or outside the views are excellent and the food is delicious.I can not recommend this place enough. We came here on a whim while searching for reservations on the open table app and are so glad we did. We did not realize that this was a small chain restaurant and it sure did not feel like one anyways. We got there on a Saturday at 6:30 and were seated right away. We had plenty of questions about the drinks and food menu which our server Dan answered with knowledge and without hesitation. We had multiple cocktails and our drinks were never empty for long. The food was excellent and I can't wait to try more. Seriously try the tater tots, they're made in house, sprinkled with cheese and come with a spiced ketchup that's to die for.  The manager Marissa stopped by to check in on us a few times. She was also amazing, telling us about the history of PJ Clarke's and making us feel like we were welcomed into her home rather than a place she just worked. Next time you're in Philly check this place out, you won't regret it! I know we will for sure be back next time we're in the area.This place is a great restaurant! It's a chain, there are a few in nyc and possibly elsewhere? It has bar food but also classier dinner items. It's fairly priced. The waitstaff is always friendly and efficient. I've never had a bad experience hereWe shared a special occasion on a weekday 90th birthday get together. They have lounge areas w/fantastic comfortable chairs and couches. Huge windows and high ceilings look on Rittenhouse Square that is so stimulating. Center City Philadelphia has never has looked better. About 35-40 family/friends celebrated a great life. The service was absolutely superb. From the reception staff to the servers to the barkeeps. I dig barkeeps who wear ties, it is a serious touch of class and showmanship. The food was delicious. From the delicious sliders to wings to pigs in the blanket w/pretzels, et cetera were awesome. I could go on and on. The beer was cold and the drinks were top shelf. Nothing better than walking the Rittenhouse Sq. area and popping in this beautiful watering/gathering spot. The architecture is spectacular. Come on in relax and take it all in.We wanted P.J. Clarke's to be better than it was but nonetheless still enjoyed it. Dined inside in a back room with windows and a cool view after asking if we could not sit in the dimmer dining area. The restaurant is very large and boasts interesting Philadelphia-related photographs and archival pieces on the walls. 
Food was pretty good. The oysters were the star of the show and their specialty. I had the chicken pot pie because I don't like seafood and decided that would be a good meal to have in the middle of June¿ It had really good flavor but took a while to cool lol. Mom had a burger which had great fries but honestly wasn't worth the price. Dad's lobster roll was good but had tomatoes which he said is not traditional to a lobster roll ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ No garnish on any of the plates either. Definitely recommend the cocktails :) and there is a hefty dark liquor selection. 
Service was fair; it was definitely SLOW which stunk. They were fairly knowledgeable but not all stars. 
The bathroom situation was weird enough for me to mention: gender neutral single stalls which is cool and progressive but there were far too few stalls for the size of restaurant so we all waited in line and made small talk. Not sure I'd go back but if you're an oyster fan then this is the spot for you- especially with $1 happy hour per oyster.We wanted P.J. Clarke's to be better than it was but nonetheless still enjoyed it. Dined inside in a back room with quite a fwindows and a cool view after asking if we could not sit in the dimmer dining area. The restaurant is very large and boasts interesting Philadelphia-related photographs and archival pieces on the walls. 
Food was pretty good. The oysters were the star of the show and their specialty. I had the chicken pot pie because I don't like seafood and decided that would be a good meal to have in the middle of June¿ It had really good flavor but took a while to cool lol. Mom had a burger which had great fries but honestly wasn't worth the price. Dad's lobster roll was good but had tomatoes which he said is not traditional to a lobster roll ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ No garnish on any of the plates either. Definitely recommend the cocktails :) and there is a hefty dark liquor selection. 
Service was fair; it was definitely SLOW which stunk. They were fairly knowledgeable but not all stars. 
The bathroom situation was weird enough for me to mention: gender neutral single stalls which is cool and progressive but there were far too few stalls for the size of restaurant so we all waited in line and made small talk. Not sure I'd go back but if you're an oyster fan then this is the spot for you- especially with $1 happy hour per oyster.Well after a two year wait we tried PJ Clarke's.  Very  nice staff.  But the food preparation except for the French fries, was horrid.  The chef either should be fired or take a cooking class.  As Woody Allen and Groucho Marx famously said, the food was poor and the portions small.  But the prices were high.If you are looking for a fun, yet classy experience, check out PJ Clarke's.  The happy hour (4:30-6:30) has good wine ($6), beer, and yummy appetizers (try the burger sliders!). I don't do oysters, but they are a bargain during HH.  We had a party of 10 for dinner and all our meals were excellent.  I tried the red snapper (with bok choy) - something I would not normally order, and I really enjoyed it.  The servers, bartenders, managers (Mary and Michael), and owner Phil are all attentive.  The restaurant itself is beautiful- with state of the art television screens (on mirrors) at the bar.  The scoreboard with the 41-33 is a clever tribute to the Eagles Super Bowl victory too!The food was excellent and the price was very reasonable.  There were 5 of us and we each ordered a different dinner.  Everyone of us raved about our selection. I ordered the chicken pot pie which was the best I have ever had!   Restaurant itself is very nice and bigger than you would think.  Food came out promptly so I didn't feel rushed but also had time to enjoy my dinner and get to my 8pm show.Have been several times since I live nearby. I will recommend the burgers and fries, for which their famous. Other items not so much. Clam chowder was like licking a salt lick. Fish and chips, another of their specialities was soggy beyond belief. Shrimp cocktail, at $21.00, should be pristine. Not only weren't they, they had been soaked or sprayed with a bleaching preservative to mask the fact  that they were beyond use date. Fortunately I didn't get ill. Makes you think what else isn't as fresh as it should be. When we brought the shrimp issue up to a manager, her excuse was they were working kinks out. Freshness and careful preparation have nothing to do with working the kinks out. I emailed headquarters only to have them not reply. I sent a further email to then be told that a representative would be calling. It's 3 weeks now. No call. Customer service/ methinks not. Returning there for food/ methinks not.Oh myyyyyyy! 
What an amazing place! 
Beautiful and cavernous in a good way!
Wonderful ambience in all rooms!
Leather booths. Inviting and cool bar areas with a gorgeous lounge!
I came here for lunch. Can't wait to have a drink here! Can't do it at lunch...
I ordered the "Cadillac" burger, which comes with double smoked country bacon, american cheese, lettuce, tomato with dill pickles on the side. I asked about their crispy brussel sprouts as an app. Was told that they are a side dish. I was considering getting the brussel sprouts on the side along with the fries that come with the burger. The waiter, Aubrey, who was kind, cool, informative and accommodating, told me that I could sub the fries for the sprouts. How bout that??!! You can sub any side dish for another. Pretty sweet! 
The burger was juicy and delicious! The brussel sprouts were about what I have experienced elsewhere, but that is a positive thing! My water was consistently filled up.
Their happy hour(they have it on weekends too-3:30-5:30!)looks great!
Another nice touch(although I didn't get her name)was when a young lady stopped by my table to ask how all was. We had a nice talk for a few mins. The bathrooms(a handful of single rooms)are very nice and are gender neutral. 
Beautiful atmosphere, great food, wonderful and attentive service!! I an others with me, will be back!Still a 5 after I have been there numerous times with my kids and without. It's a little pricey but it always satisfies and accommodates.Unfortunately I didn't get to go inside. Just passing by on our walking tour to Independence Hall. Will definitely add to my to-do list for next time.Not my usual spot to eat, but was happy at the food and service. We were immediately seated a nice sofa area and we were told that we arraigned right at happy hour - aka my favorite hour of the day. We got the tater tots and oysters. I was floored by the tater tots becausE they were some very very gourmet tater tots. I'm talking truffle oil, fancy shavings of cheese, and artisanal ketchup on the side. I did try the oysters, but since it was my first time, I really don't have anything to compare it to. I'm just assuming it's good? There were all the fix-ins with vinegars and sauces, so I think everyone will be happy. I also loved the ambiance of the places. I thought I was transported to a nice swanky restaurant in NY. I would love to go back!My husband and I ran in here to get some drinks before the Lizzo concert. We were at the old city beer garden, but it was getting extremely crowded so we came over to PJs for some relief before the concert. It was a little pricey, but the drinks were good and the bartender was very nice an led attentive. They weren't very busy for a Saturday night. The crowd was older and a little quirky. The atmosphere was old school and elegant, think a hotel bar.The food was phenomenal. Staff was disorganized and rude when they messed up our drinks. Food runner who was also a waitress pretended to act like she was confused when we told her the mix up, refused to listen to literally ANY DETAIL of it and threw her hands up and insisted to involve a manager when we told her several times we didn't want or need a manager to be involved. She was super pissed when the hostess made her wait for two seconds to show me to our table when she was holding DIRTY DISHES -- like what is your rush?? You're bitter and unprofessional and people notice. She was suuuper condescending when my father said we didn't need a manager. My sister and I both work as waitresses and food runners in the service industry and wouldn't have played dumb and screwed over our co-workers over a simple mix up like that. Please tell your staff to stop trash talking customers and being condescending over their own mix ups, it's too obvious and y'all just opened. Be patient and willing to help, it's your job. Chill. It's not even that busy for a holiday. Girl with glasses and braids is going to lie through her teeth to say it was warranted but it wasn't at all. Our server was like "um ok" when we said it wasn't his fault. Come on y'all. 
Edit: female manager, Mary, saved it. super professional and definitely experienced in the service industry. Why be bitter when serving people? She knows a little goes a long way. Kudos.Friendly service, smiling faces, truly an exceptional experience. Have not had fresher seafood or a better burger in years. This place is the best. I will be a regular no doubt!The turkey burger was well seasoned and delicious! Slight messy but in the best way. The avocado blt was OK but the French fries and hash browns were amazing. Don't waste your time with the Caesar salad, just trust me.Went to PJ Clarke's on an impulse - great decision.  Atmosphere is old school at its best, food was terrific, but it was the service that separates it from other places.  Every single person that worked there looked us in the eye and made it clear they were there to make sure our lunch was a great experience.We liked this place -
Management is great and amazing service. The ambiance is on key- we will absolutely be back!P.J. Clarke's is going to be the best sports bar downtown. I just watched Ed Rendell give the place his blessing and the trophy graced the grand opening. 33-41 will always be the score at PJ Clarke's. The service is top notch. The decor and design impeccable. The food is to die for and the drinks are the best around. Do not miss P. J. Clarke's in Philly or you're missing out.Beautiful bar area. Plenty of comfy seating overlooking both parks. The bartenders were friendly enough and there was a good selection of happy hour food and drinks. Everything also arrived in a timely manner. We ordered the fried oyster roll, wings, clam chowder and apple berry cobbler. Of the four, I'd say the fried oyster roll was the best, and the chowder did not meet my expectations. I was also confused by the cobbler because it was mostly warm berries with a big scoop of cinnamon ice cream on top. I was hoping for a higher crumb ratio for texture. The cinnamon ice cream was really good regardless. I'll be back for drinks but not sure about food.The food here was AMAZING! There wasn't one thing on our table that we didn't like. We had oysters, the Caesar salad, branzino, spinach, Brussel sprouts, ribs, fries and Mac & cheese. The staff was friendly and attentive, great drink selection, will definitely be returning!My first yelp post, but my dinner was so good, I had to break the ice and just tell everyone about it. 
Just had an amazing dinner at PJ Clarke's
I had the fish stew (bouillabaisse, red sauce)- the favors were incredible! The sauce had a thick, smooth consistency without being creamy. So much flavor, not too salty. It was perfect. Also apparently they recently increased the amount of fish in this dish- there was so much fish, all so fresh and delicious! I was more than satisfied with the amount of food and had some extra to let the rest of the table try. 
My dad had the pan seared red snapper in the ginger-yuzu broth. This was also awesome. So much flavor. He almost licked the plate. 
We shared the side of Brussels sprouts which were heavenly. Crispy with onion and candied bacon jam on the top- insanely good. 
I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by how great our dinner was and I will definitely be back soon.This place is a neighborhood gem. cannot understand why it's never busy except in the bar area. They have phenomenal raw bar offerings. The bar area(s) are gorgeous and also include lounge area comfy seating. The entire restaurant is spectacularly gorgeous with white linen service.  Wonderful wait staff. Menu has something for everyone but  mainly American food. There are some more expensive items like the ribeye, but that is very delicious and much less expensive than the local upscale steakhouses. There are also many affordable and delicious entrees in the mid-twenties. We had incredible crab cakes totally loaded with nothing but huge chunks of solid blue crab and no filler. Very well priced. Great cocktails and wines. Fantastic steakhouse type burger options. Most delicious skinny pommes  frites fries. Excellent chopped and Caesar salad and brownie sundae for dessert. Very convenient to all historic attractions. Independence Hall next door. Located in Curtis center. Be sure to see the magnificent ceramic glass mural in the lobby. Buck a shuck happy hour. Lunch and dinner plus private dining spaces.Good service, average food, high prices. 
Went there recently on a weeknight and the space was very nice. I love the historic philly photos all around spanning many eras. The restaurant was almost entirely empty aside from a couple of folks at the bar. 
My friend had the ravioli, which I'm told were good, and I had the entree size wild mahi tacos. Did I know it was stupid to order them? Yeah, I kinda did. But they were the best sounding thing on the menu. First off, two tacos for an entree is ridiculous. Especially when they're $17. Second, while the tortillas themselves weren't exactly cold, they certainly weren't warm. I.e., semi-rigid tacos. The fish and veggies in the tacos were pretty decent though and aside from wishing there was a little more cilantro (and, once again that the tortillas were better warmed) I thought they were good on the whole. 
Afterwards I had an americano which was a little watery but decent. 
The service was good. And maybe the tacos were my fault. Perhaps it's a better spot for average American food. I wouldn't doubt it. But for now, this is what I have to go off of.It's decent but wildly over priced. They serve martinis in coupe glasses (hate that) so they're smaller, and were $17 each for grey goose. The setting is pretty cool with the lights and heaters and overlooking the park. The apps and sides were good, my finance liked his burger in a previous visit. Entree was just ok. This visit for 3 rounds (one round grey goose), one soup, one salad, and one entree it was just under $150 before tip. We don't mind paying for good food/service/ambiance and we will prob go back, but for that price I would prefer to go somewhere with more ambiance like Positano Coast. This should be more moderately priced like the Irish pub it is.Love the beautiful renovation, so much to see. Was excited to try with a friend for dinner and some wine. Service was excellent but unfortunately the food was really bad. It is very strange to serve an $18 burger with kraft American yellow cheese. There was nothing special about anything food wise unfortunately. I will add again that the service was impeccable and we were treated with incredible kindness and graciousness. I don't think I'll be eating here again but I would come back for possible happy hour at the bar, which looks like very nice. The menu items are just way to expensive for the low quality of the food. If this restaurant wants to be successful they really need to get a serious menu/chef upgrade so that the food items match the prices.only OK
good points: friendly staff, lovely outdoor space, masks on staff
not so good - the food:  It was overpriced for what it was: cheeseburger was a small burger on a boring roll with American cheese put on top and not even melted.Didn't feel wanted when I arrived and while I patronized this business. 
Unsure of whether we needed to go inside or wait for hostess who looked at us and when inside. (Figured she was running in to do something real quick and would acknowledge me when she returned).  When she returned she acknowledged the couple that came after us and proceeded to tell them to come with her and ask them if they wanted to be seated inside or out.  When she returned we asked if we could be seated outside (just wanted to try the place out). 
She seated us, handed us the menu and walked away. (No enjoy your meal, your server is..., they'll be with you shortly, nothing). 
Server comes and won't approach the table. I understand we are dealing with a pandemic and there are some uncertainties but umm we were still wearing our mask at the table and she too had a mask on.  Gave her our order and tried handing her the menu to which she jumped back and said I'm not taking that. You're not supposed to have a menu, that's why there's a code on the table. Kindly, told her that she needed to let the hostess know that since she was the one who gave the menus to us.  When the server returned to take our menus she made sure to take it with a napkin. I understand wanting to be precautious but to me this was a bit extra. If you're that concerned and still have to work I get it, put gloves on then. You're grabbing plates from the back without gloves on, touching our cups from the bar without gloves on. Come on. Definitely felt some type of way. Even said to my partner, is it me or is she not responding to her other tables in the same manner?  
I was so turned off I can't even tell you what I ordered but it mostly remained on the plate because I wasn't satisfied.Came here for a work dinner on Tuesday evening. Our party of 12 arrived about 30 minutes prior to our reservation time but they were able to seat us early, which was much appreciated.
Service was excellent from start to finish, including the hostess who checked our coats, bartenders, and servers. Ambience is nice -- a bit on the darker side, but not in a "romantic" way. It's located inside the beautifully unique Curtis building (parking available underground at a cost).
Our table shared the following appetizers: Navy Bean Hummus (good), Tater Tots (bland), Soft Pretzel Pigs in a Blanket (nothing special -- cheese sauce was watery), and Crispy Calamari (way overdone -- very tough and unseasoned). Disappointing start to the meal...
For my entree I got the Blue Crab Spaghetti (had to try the squid ink pasta!) and shared the Brussels Sprouts with a colleague. The lump crabmeat was decent, but it was a disproportionate amount to the pasta -- i.e. not enough. The dish was also very spicy, which I didn't mind...but just a heads up. Honestly, the most tasty thing I ate that night was the Brussels Sprouts. They were perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious. 
Everyone seemed satisfied with their beverages. No complaints there. We passed on dessert.
There are a few unisex restrooms available; they are concealed in a "hidden" hallway behind the main entrance bar. The staff will point you in the right direction!
Based on food alone, I would rate it 3 stars, but overall it was a positive experience. Presentation of food was fine and temperatures were satisfactory; it just lacked flavor, mostly...though the calamari was sad all around. :(
This place actually has a lot of potential to be great if they fine-tune some of their recipes. In the meantime, I'm in no rush to return. Hope you have better luck!Excellent food and great service! We stopped in for dinner and I had the Jersey tomato with Burrata and the Black Seabass with ginger rice. Delicious! I highly recommend both.Can I give more than 5 stars? The crew here goes ABOVE AND BEYOND to ensure that your experience is outstanding. Love the ambience and the service.Long time reader, first time Yelper.  First, I want to note that we are local in the Philly area despite the "San Fran" tag on my name which I must figure out how to change!  
I am generally a big fan of PJ Clark's having been to the original in NYC several  times since the turn of the year.  My wife and I recently had a great Sunday lunch at the Philadelphia location @ 4th & Walnut and thought "WOW - so happy this place is here!".  We really talked it up and ended up taking our 2 girls there to celebrate our oldest's 18th birthday this past Saturday night.  Regrettably, the meal nor the experience lived up to our hype or expectation.  
The service although pleasant was extremely slow despite the restaurant side of the house not being terribly busy. I also had to send back a Tito's and soda because the soda was "flat".  The second try was marginally better though I think they might want to rethink the individual bottles of soda bottles and opts for fountain gun instead.  It seemed to take ages to get drinks, ages to get starters and mains.  Also, despite alerting the establishment that we were celebrating an 18th birthday, no acknowledgement was forthcoming which was a bit of a shame.   
The food was also a real disappointment I am afraid.  The french fries - generally a mortal lock for being outstanding - were at best luke warm upon arrival after clearly sitting on the serving station for too long.  My wife and oldest daughter ordered the skirt steak frite which was so tough that it was virtually inedible. One would have thought when clearing plates still piled with meat, the question "was everything OK?" might have been asked - but no.  My burger - again virtually always a mortal lock for quality - was a train wreck.  The burger was overcooked and dry and the bleu cheese that adorned it was still cold indicating that it went straight from the fridge onto the burger without even a hint of a moment under the Salamander to give it a bit of a melt before serving.  Very disappointing indeed.  Good news is that my youngest daughter's buttered lobster roll looked great.  Regret she did not share it with anyone!  
Overall a very disappointing evening all around.  The bar area is stunning and the happy hour is great, so perhaps we will stick to bar sliders and oysters in the future.  Bummer.You should know that I never write reviews. My 5 star review is regarding their amazing customer service. Firstly, my mom is disabled and they provided top notch service helping to assist her by holding the door for her multiple times and directing her personally to the bathroom. They did this in a respectful and friendly way!
The staff in general checked on us throughout the meal multiple times and always made us feel like VIP customers. I feel like I have not received this kind of customer service in awhile! When I nicely mentioned that the Caesar Salad was bland (ask for pepper- it has no kick), the manager came out to speak with us, gave us her business card, and even provided a complimentary dessert! Overall we had an amazing time, such great people, wonderful ambiance and a great view. While I did not try any other menu items to comment on, I look forward to doing so soon!My first time here and We had a great dinner outside on the sidewalk(large umbrellas, looking at the park). Everything was perfect, from the friendliness and safety of the staff(masks, distancing), excellent, efficient service(thanks Dan) to the delicious food(we had the deviled eggs, salmon, ribs, salad). It was really nice of the manager, Dan, to introduce himself and check on us. We look forward to coming soon!!Awesome place to eat. The waiters so so amazing! PJ Clarkes is a historic place to be! Come here for the amazing experience!