One of the best bars I know! It's certainly not some fancy yuppy infested over priced dump, it couldn't be further from that.
Paddy's is a small bar tucked away in old city. Cheap beers, generous drinks, friendly customers, a jukebox, a poker machine and one of those quintessential game/trivia/quiz machines. I especially like the sticker "Strip Search the Queen", and the hung-upside-down down brass plaque for some Orange Order ladies lodge.
Some days it can be quiet, yet on others it explodes with serious drinking and partying. Show up for the start of happy hour(s!) (4pm-6pm) on a Friday, and don't expect to get home until late - nor remember getting home. Be sure to visit, especially when Megan or Lauren are working!
Since I found myself living in Philly, I've been delighted to call this my local :-) Great drinks, great friends, and plenty of craic.
and you can smoke...
Currently my favourite bar on the east coast of the Americas. Paddy's is a perfect example of "Real", just like the people of Philadelphia.Bartender was so friendly and even though it maybe a dive bar it is a fun environment a must go in PhillySmokey but friendly city vibe and locals. Pull up to bar and engage your neighbor in conversation.It's what you would expect from a dive bar.  Bartender interesting and an extrovert.  Definitely old school with the smoking.  Plus worth a visit bc of the tv series.  Can't beat the alcohol prices!Best bar in Old City area.  Always relaxed, friendly, and cheap.  Great place to grab a quick drink on your way to somewhere else...If you want to go to the real life paddy's pub (which has nothing to do with "It's always sunny" you can pretty easily pop in and grab a beer. It's a fairly run of the mill dive bear, with one exception: They allow smoking. So if you go be aware of that and also that you will see nothing (and no one) related to the show here.Paddy's is a great breathe of fresh air in the otherwise pretty awful Olde City bar scene.I wish I lived closer! We came on the Always Sunny inkling, it's not the actual filming location, but they do have t-shirts and pictures of the cast so you can show your friends back home. 
It's definitely a dive, so don't kid yourself. Know what to expect and I'm sure you will love this place. It's cheap, they have a lot of options for beer or liquor, the bartender we had was amazing. He was probably one of the best bartenders I've ever dealt with. Especially in a big tourist city like Philly. Very personable, he told us lots of crazy stories about the place and we had some laughs. He treated us like equals in a city that can have some pretty snobby bartenders. A+ to that guy. 
The atmosphere was mostly regulars, some tourists in and out taking pictures and buying t-shirts. It's old, it's dusty, it's not the prettiest place I've seen, but it's real. Paddy's knows its niche and does it well. No food. Smoking is allowed. They have a cigarette dispensing machine, an atm, and a juke box. The bathroom was small and basic but guess what..? Cleanest one I've seen!! My friends and I all agree, we loved Paddy's. If you love dive bars, you'll love Paddy's too.On vacation and Decided to swing in on our walk. Glad we did! Staff is friendly and giving us the lowdown on local Philly cheesesteak spots. Met a couple from our home state! Recommend for a quick beer. It is a smoker friendly bar. Avoid if ur not into thatGreeted by a cloud of smoke upon entry? Uncomfortable seats? Locals only? Quite possibly the last cash only bar left in the city? 
Check, check, check, and check. I swear I was at a different bar after reading the other reviews. I'm sorry, but this place is the definition of disappointment. While the brews are cheap, I'm sorry but I cannot forgive, understand, or accept a BAR for being cash only. 
This place has dive bar cred, but not an establishment I would return to.The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is we did not get a receipt for our purchases so we had no idea why and how our tab was over $80. 
2 t-shirts and 4 drinks later we walked out saying we would definitely go back here. We sat next to a local lady who has been in the area for over 40 years. She moved in when her place was nothing but a dump and the 'crack dealer on the corner.' Fair enough! 
We ordered a couple of beers and the Guinness wasn't pouring the way its should. She said she would work on it but offered us what she had 'like' Guinness. She eventually fixed the issue and gave us half a Guinness she test poured instead of dumping in down the drain. 
The only downer...?! Smoking inside. Now, I come from a state that used to allow this and changed the law to make places like this smoke free. If you want to smoke, please do, but go outside to the patio or the sidewalk. It is hard to get used to smoke in your face after that. I am also an ex smoker so smoke bothers me a lot more than it probably should. I can smell it in the car in front of me even when they have their windows up. (Probably hyper sensitive, ya think!?) But, the ventilation is lacking so the smoke lingers and wafts in your face. 
Bartender was super friendly. Her kid was sick and she was juggling talking to a doctor on the phone and getting us our drinks. What did that look like? She wrote down "what can I get you." Now that's a lady I want working at my bar. She apologized profusely (we weren't the least bit upset as she handled it the best way anyone could have) and went on to explain her dilemma. :) 
The t-shirts just came in too so we got the pick of the litter. I got the old school green tie dye and he opted for the fresh off the press gray one. 
No, the show wasn't taped here but it is always sunny here. So when you need a bit of cheer, stop in. This would be a go to spot for us if we lived in town. Oh, and the t-shirts were literally flying out of the boxes... so get one of those while you are there.A true place for it's always sunny in Philadelphia lover's. 
Friendly staff and you can even buy shirts.Exactly what you expect if you've never seen the show.
Bottom line, booze, smoking, friendly enough.Not bad.  Smoking is allowed inside, but beer is kinda pricey.  Small place very quiet.  Perfect place if your looking for a dive bar.Be sure to check out my video of this trip (and many others) in addition to reading this review. You can see first hand the places I review in video form! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_H2NeSdyvs
Had to visit this place after watching episode after episode of "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" on my trip. This pub was located just down from my hostel in the old section of the city. The pub itself was nice. A lot smaller than I thought it was going to be. The service was good and the drinks were fairly priced. People were friendly and took our pic inside and out front for us.
I think it's worth the stop in just to be "part of the show" but other than that its just a bar. There was no band or anything other than drinking to bring you to the bar. If you're looking for games or a band try other bars in town - as this is not the place for that.The service was awful on a Saturday afternoon.  We were literally the only group in the bar. When we ordered bar food it took over a half hour to come out.  No one asked once if we wanted another drink.I am going to start off with a disclaimer. 
IF YOU DON'T LIKE A BAR WHERE PEOPLE CAN SMOKE, GO ELSEWHERE!
I remember the yesteryears when people could smoke in a bar, and coming from a state that has outlawed the practice, it is actually nice. People are required to step out. 
Now as a former smoker, I am not upset when people smoke around me, and I enjoyed smoking in bars when I smoked. My wife did not particularly care for this stop, but I loved this place. It's a dive, people are smoking and it smells like cigarettes. I actually remenisc in this and find it enjoyable. 
It really pisses me off reading these reviews saying "these people should go outside." No! This is their bar, their place to do this. Get out if you don't like it. 
Smoking aside, the place is grimey, and I like places that are a little dirty. I feel at home. Our bartender was very sweet, the patrons were colorful. The drinks were reasonably priced. I wish we could have stayed longer. But there was so much to do, and so much to see, and my wife was not enjoying herself here. Those wishing to find a place that isn't polished, is more old school, then this is a great spot in Old City.We are locals to Old City and like to support local businesses but we will NEVER step foot at this bar ever again. The place is disgusting, dirty, and smell like old vomit and smoke. You'll need a shower after being in there. The bartenders are very rude!Look no further for your typical dive bar. The  atmosphere is great and they allow smoking. Although I am not a smoker I can certainly appreciate the freedom. Looks nothing like the bar from the famed tv series but is nothing short of what they are aiming for as far as atmosphere.Great Neighborhood Bar.  Great Bartender who really knows his business, friendly locals, two big screens and Irish rock on the juke.  
They don't serve food here so eat before you go, or share a slice of delivery with the regulars.
You need to check this place out!What once was a neighborhood bar for local regulars has become more diverse. People stop in to see what the connection is with IASIP. 
There are three different bartenders at Paddy's. They're all pretty cool. They don't serve any food but you can order out and eat in there. You also can smoke cigarettes. The music is from a juke box and has a lot of fun tunes. Paddy's is also very accepting of the LGBT community. 
It's not a great place to bring a big group of rowdy people. It's fairly low key on most nights. Weekends may surprise you though!Four stars for the pub just because we are such big fans of the show "Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia". Although it was a pub they got inspired from but not having their shooting on set there. The bartender was friendly to talk to, beers and drinks are cheap there. One down side is that I am a non smoker, so it was hard for me to stay there for a second drink coz it was very very smoky inside!I want this bar in my neighborhood. The definition of a dive--you can smoke inside and they serve the lowest class of beers (my fav ). They also have take out beer which is good to know in a pinch.Over this past weekend my boyfriend and I went to Philadelphia for the first time and being an It's Always Sunny fan, we made it a point to stop in here to get a beer and buy some shirts. I do not have one bad thing to say about this place. The other visitors and the regulars were nothing but friendly and always making conversation. There is one thing I would like to specifically point out..The bartender was hands down one of the BEST bartenders I ever came across (I don't remember his names since I am terrible with names, but he worked the day shift over Presidents weekend). He was incredibly friendly and welcoming, greeting you the second you walked in the door. He even appeared to generally care about the business and customers all the same. He had a positive attitude, even when we asked him about 30 times to go back and fourth with the shirts, never once complaining and keeping a smile.
I highly recommend this bar!! :)Truly a great "hole in the wall" bar- we had a great time there. The bartender could not have been more accommodating and the customers were friendlyWe stopped here because we love dive bars, one dollar sign on yelp, and how could we not at least visit this place once. Apparently this is the bar that inspired its always sunny, which we didn't know for sure when we went- but it was confirmed by the bartender. We went on a Wednesday afternoon and the place was pretty empty except one patron. The bartender was super cool and the prices were pretty good. This bar is a smoke friendly bar, which made my boyfriend pretty happy. The bartender got a call while we were there asking if the place looked like it did on TV- to which she replied "no, that's television" which made us chuckle and realize how annoying that probably gets but we handles it well! The place is definitely a dive, but it feels great and wouldn't want it any other way. They sell some tshirts and sweatshirts that are a little pricey. Will definitely be coming back, just because it's low key and reminds us of dive bars from our hometown.Nice local bar and staff, great to go see. The people are chill and the staff if very friendly.This is a spot My fiancé and I have been coming to since we first began dating 5 years ago. We don't live in Philadelphia, in fact we live in Florida but we make it a point to come to Paddy's each time we visit and it's always a great time!! The bartender is always friendly and the drinks are cheap. Can't wait till the next time! :)Really friendly bartenders and staff ...awesome drinks and layout for seating and standing and all that. Definitely one of my favorite places to goThis was our first destination in Philly and it will continue to be a favorite. It's got an instant comfort atmosphere and one of the friendliest bartenders (Cinnamon) I have ever encountered. It reminded me of hanging out in an old friend's basement, and I'm now convinced that basement was based on this bar. We continued on to bigger, or older, or classier bars, but none better!Old City is typically known for its upscale lounges and bars. However, if you ask the"locals", they can tell you where to go for a fun time, chill night, and cheap drinks. Paddy's Pub is the essential neighborhood bar. It may look like a dive bar but it has a certain feel to it. The show "Cheers" comes to my mind any time I enter this off the beaten path, Irish pub. The bartenders know all of the regular's names and treat everyone with the same courtesy, whether it's for a Miller Lite, shot of Jager, or Irish car bomb. There's a diverse musical selection on the jukebox, video games, and new flat screen tv's. For smokers, it's one of the few places that you can still light up. Every single person I've introduced Paddy's to always comes back for more.  Try it out sometime over an Irish car bomb, you'll love it! Slainte!If instantly taking on the aromas of an ashtray makes you feel very upset, you'll probably want to pass on Paddy's. I do not smoke anymore, but I know what I'm getting into if we stop in for a drink, which we are occasionally want to do if we're in the neighborhood. Sweet freedom, smokers! Inside smoking, you'll find it here...
Anyway, we're always met with friendliness in this tiny dive. Instantly comfortable. I like it.
There's no food to be had here, but you will find a pretty ok good selection of beers, and jukebox tunes. Admittedly, we're not typically ones to frequent Paddy's during the busy business of Ye Olde City's weekend hullabaloo... We're more likely to be in the area on slow Sunday nights, or so. One such visit, during my still-smoking-menthols age, was marked by drinking and smoking while all on the rail quietly watched The Discovery Channel on TV. Sharks. I always remember that night as if it were a scene from a strange, strange movie.This is a great bar to have a drink when you want to get away from the usual Old City craziness. The place has that very neighborhood/South Philly feel to it. The bartender was real friendly and the beer options was quite impressive. You also don't have to break the bank here as well. I will more than likely come back if I want to avoid the overcrowded trendy bars in the area.If you like old bars come to old paddy's pub in Philadelphia. It will take back in time , it's one of the few that u can smoke in.Ashley the bartender is simply amazing! I'm on the road daily and didn't get a thanksgiving dinner. This bar does not serve food, but after hearing that I didn't get a dinner, she came up with turkey, dressing, cranberries, veggies (yuck) and even sweet potatoes! It was a homemade meal from her family and friends.  A Thanksgiving I'll never forget ! Great place, met some really nice folks and a place i felt welcomed! I'll be back on my next tour! It's always Sunny in Philadelphia!!It can be tough to find a "real" neighborhood bar with personality in the Old City district.  Paddy's is one of the few that pulls it off.  A few blocks out of the trend of 2nd and Market, Paddy's is one place where you can feel free to wear a sweatshirt and sneakers.
They've got some TV's, and jukebox and some video bar games for entertainment and your typical drafts for drinking.  Overall, Paddy's is nice, small bar that is a needed change of pace from the lounges of Old City.Awesome local pub where you can still smoke and drink your favorite beer with great tunes playing on the juke box. Make no mistake, this a local dive bar that rocks.  Cinnamon is the best!The place smells like cigarettes.  I had to interrupt the bartender who had her back to me while she was texting. It was clear that they have not cleaned their taps or beer lines in YEARS when I asked for a Miller Lite draft.  I asked for the Miller Lite only because I was a bit leery and I assumed it would be a fresh keg...I was very wrong.  Don't waste your time and money.  Go down  the street 100 ft to a better bar.If you want a straight up dive bar, this is the spot.  I'm pretty sure you can still smoke in the place, so you get the idea.  They do have a great draft list, and even had Mad Elf, which no one had this winter.  The bartenders are usually girls, and have always been friendly to me.  You'll see some characters in here for sure.  You wouldn't go for the atmosphere, but if you want to have a drink, and you're not up for Race Street Cafe, this is the spot.  Old city isn't known at all for dive bars, so I imagine that alone brings in a certain crowd.I had no idea this was from Always Sunny in Philadelphia haha and I'm a huge fan of the show too. I ran into the bartender next door and told him I liked beer so he said to stop by and have one at his bar.
Great beer list. Was definitely worth checking out this bar and having a few beers. I could definitely see myself coming back here with friends. I'm a sucker for beer, what can I sayI stopped in this past Sunday night for the first time after I got off work, the bartender with the glasses said it wasn't her normal shift but she was the best. Cool, good conversation, and really down to earth. The citywide was 4.50 which is very decent for the neighborhood. Definitely will return.You have to go to this bar when Jess / nickname chainsaw is working  ....!!, Tuesday's , Wednesday's & Friday !!
Amazing bartender... But ask for her famous (Deep eddies vodka lemonade) .... It's to die forMy friend introduced both me and his brother to Paddy's one night. We were in the door less than five minutes when a woman got bitten by a dog. After everyone kind of shrugged, and the woman ran out clutching her arm, we ordered beers.
Shortly after, we, being Jersey natives (two of us now Philly residents), were doing what Jersey natives do in other states, which is discuss Jersey. At that point, a couple came in, heard us talking, and before we knew it there was yelling, high fives, and a louder discussion to be had about Jersey.
The female half of the couple, it turns out, was high on life and started very discreetly hitting on my friend's brother. By "discreetly," I mean, "had him practically pinned up against the jukebox while she was squealing at us to pick Lady Gaga songs." 
Her male companion finally pulled her aside, confessed his love to her, and off they rode into the drunken sunset.
I smelled like smoke afterwards, needed a shower as soon as I got home, but you can't tell these kinds of stories when you hang out in classier joints.I used to LOVE this place. Nothing special about it here.  Another slimming narrow bar in the Old City district with typical beers and a juke box. It's what you bring into this place that makes it so damn special. 
I have so many happy memories here. I wish I could say I have been back in the last two years, but I haven't. If this place is still as secrete as it was, it's a great chill bar. 
Expect no trendy atmosphere, nothing unique.  This is as Irish as Philly gets. Cheap fun, dim lighting, cobble stone walks, poor parking. Yay for Paddy's.I'm a Bostonian headed out west for military service.  My route took me through Philly to visit some friends.  I had the afternoon free so I googled "Red Sox bars in Philly" and Paddy's came up.  To confirm this, I called them up and asked the guy if they might be able to get the Sox game if I drove over there.  He was friendly enough and said it would be no problem.  So I drive there, and after I order a beer I mention I am the one who called about the Sox and he kinda shrugged and said it wasn't him that I talked to.  Odd as there was no one else behind the bar but fair enough.  So I ask him if he could see if he could find the game.  He says it shouldn't be a problem.  After 15 minutes he makes no effort so I ask again.  To this he says he tried but he "couldn't get it to work".  I'm convinced at this point he's messing with me and lied to me over the phone.  
Look, I totally get how passionate we are up here in the Northeast about our sports and that screwing with fans from the other nearby rivals if par with the course.  Lying over the phone to someone though and having them re-route their plans for the day is taking it to another level.  Unprofessional at best and outright irresponsible at worst.  This seemed to be a decent place otherwise.  The bartender who filled in for him at 6:00 seemed much more professional and she let me use the remote to try to find the game (it wasn't carried there).  Meanwhile, the folks next to me stormed out because the guy bartender had completely messed up their bill and he was taking lots of time haplessly trying to figure out his mess-up.  Long story short: decent bar with an incompetent/a-hole bartender working the day shift Sundays.  I hope this joker (mid-forties-looking, shaved sides of the head, red-rimmed hipster glasses) sees this and thinks better of doing this next time.  Or that his boss does and does what a responsible boss/owner should.Love this place. A gem in the sea of pretentious BS that is Old City. Only thing is: the beers are still not really dive prices...weird. Also, they need a special.If you like upscale, trendy bars and want to just hang out and talk with your friends while 'seeing and being seen', then Paddy's is NOT the place for you. 
But, if you are a fan of dive bars and are open to meeting the locals and regulars, and if you aren't pretentious, and can just chill in a REAL bar; then Paddy's is what you are looking for.  
Came there alone on a business trip and met some of the best people I will ever encounter.  Dive bars are meant for you to meet the locals, become friends with the bartenders, and not act like a total judgmental outsider.  
I felt like family within an hour of walking in.  But, like I said, you need to like dives and understand them.  Go in with an open mind.  You will be rewarded.All are welcome, just come w an open mind, if we smell the snob in you, there wont be any wa shoulders in this bar, however if you are the outgoing type, it will take 20 mins for you to forget you have just met.. To the girl who stated it took all of 30 seconds for you to leave, your rxactly the kind of snobs who i hope the door hit you in the baclside, people like you dont get ir and never will. Heres a clue Hun, wherever you travel in life, ypu always bring yourself w you, i surmise that not to many places are ever fun for you, guess what? It cant always be the atmosphere but the energy thats generated from within, ill always adjust to my environment and start w an open mind. Where did you think you were going into, its not a Fake Corporate Pub, where the " Lace Curtain" Irish come to embrace a heritage they know sqaut about, claiming Irish roots when all they know is St Paddys day is March 17th and proceed about corn beef and cabbage, which people in Ireland only have eaten while visiting American Family during Padraigs Day, but o digress.. And actually Paddys was the inspiration for which Damny Divito drew from, he got it naming the bar in the show Paddy's, they actually sell sweatshirts that say its always sunny in Paddy's, if you loved the show so much maybe 10 minutes of warmth emissions from your group would have attracted a friendly local to tell you that, but im sure we sniffed you out asap and we helped shorten your stay to make ro for spme depth and character from others who actually get it...
this is a true Irishmans Pub, where the Guiness is perfect temp all the while getting a Flirty attitude by Katie the Red head, Frank White is the man and this place is where always sunny is modeled off...anyone thats posted negative things about Paddys needs to head 3 blocks to Capital Grill and stick to your Apple Tinis before Katie bars the door, curtains get closed and you get rolled while your uptight women actually stay because they have just seen you and the frat buddies wet your panties especially if Bobby is working, this also is the home of the Ancient Order of the Hibernians, Danny Faulkner chapter so mention that your Pro Mumia and Franks special will be corned beef sandwiches while we place your " missing poster up nrxt to the Pants the Queen sign. Its a Green White and Gold Bar if you understand what i mean, ive offered the owner $750k and have been refused more then once.. Ask for Lepi the Leprechaun and he will by your GF a drink... He also rents the top out for Bachelor partys or friendly card games, yuppies will be raped and their women will be flirted w right in front of the Yup, not rude just pure wit and Irish CharmPaddy's was my home during my college years. Brilliant place for someone looking to have a beer, chat with the equally exquisite collection of people gathered at the bar, or, if you're me, you load up the jukebox choke full of your favorites. 
The bartenders make great drinks and conversation. Biggest plus (also probably the biggest drawback) is straight up drinks without food. they let you order in though ;)Not much going on here, a novelty stop for fans of Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia. The bar was a dive of dives. I wouldn't consume anything more than bottled beer here. It wasn't clean, and the ceiling was pealing paint. Smoking is allowed inside, so there is that odor of stale cigarettes.  If you are going for novelty, make sure you go. If you are just passing through the neighborhood for a beer, pass.My friend and I stopped by here before our flight back to Puerto Rico. We were walking around Old City when I saw it. I was intrigued, since I love Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia, so I insisted we go in for a couple of drinks. It was awesome!! We spent hours drinking beer and talking to the waitress and a young, female taxidermist (apparently a regular at the bar). It was a nice yet kind of weird afternoon... perfectly fitting for a place called Paddy's Pub....where to start....if you love a good Dive Bar you will like Paddy's. Now I admit that I love this place because it's approximately 42.5 steps from my front door (not that I counted) but overall it's a really cool place to hang...as long as you keep some "guidelines" in mind...
- Don't ever put on something like NSYNC, Brittney, or TuPac 
- SMOKER - Bring your cigarettes cause you can smoke inside
- NOT A Smoker - Get prepared for alot of second hand smoke
- TIP the bartenders, they are all really cool
- Try to wear something a little more "grunge" so you don't stand out like a tourist
- Gluten Free - they carry a few ciders, but no GF beer yet (still working on that)
- Close your eyes if you use the bathroom, better yet hold it till you get home
- They have like 5 food items that I pretty sure may come from a microwave so eat before you get thereMy son and I visited the old school pub and it was a nice place within walking distance from our hotel. Great beer and pretzels.  They don't serve food, but the people were nice and the beer selection was average. I will go back next trip to see the Red's beat the Phillies!I came to this place with high expectations. Those expectations were quickly deflated once I stepped in the place. Smells like cigarettes and mold. Came here mostly because I'm a fan of Always Sunny...looks nothing like the place. Bartender was polite and helpful, though. Customers, that looked like regulars, were a bit obnoxious. I got my picture, my drink and left.Paddys. A dive bar indeed. What else would you expect. But a larger beer selection than most.Phenomenal bar exactly what you'd expect out of paddys pub. But tbh what makes this place is the bartender. She's edgy, leaving u with this consistent feeling she could beat the crap out of u at any moment, while at the same time leaving u with this feeling that u want to become friends with everyone In there.So as many know the Paddy's Pub in the awesome show "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" is based on this Old Philly institution. What many people don't seem to grasp is "based on" part, meaning it's not the actual location (because it's filmed in L.A.) and it's not identical. So don't go there expecting the same patrons, etc. This bar is real-life and not a Hollywood set. 
With that said it's easy to see how and why it's the basis of the show. The owner certainly has a little Frank Reynolds in him. 
It's the epitome of a dive bar complete with a wooden bar that's been vandalized with carving ms by patrons (including myself). In the bustling , historical and touristy Old City this place is a true gem. Down to earth bartenders who are friendly and genuine. Beer and drink prices that are affordable. Patrons that are hilarious and fun. It's definitely more of a neighborhood dive bar than a tourist attraction. Love it!Great neighborhood place with friendly people.  Allows smoking but not smoky in any real sense of the word (though I haven't been there late on a weekend night).  Highly recommended!
Michael J. McFaddenI don't know if this was pre-planned or it just kind of happened along the way, but this past weekend during the Philadelphia Breast Cancer 3-Day Walk, Paddy's decided to make itself an "unofficial pit stop" for the 2200 walkers and supporters that were trekking through Center City. As we passed Paddy's on our out-of-the-way journey to South Philly, hoards of pink asked us to stop into Paddy's because they had decided to donate 100% of the day to Susan G. Komen. I can tell you that there were dozens of establishments along the way that offered walkers everything from coupons to free samples, but this was completely different. The bar was packed from back to front in pink, it was tough getting to the bar, but I made it and was served an ice cold beer, just what I needed after walking 50+ miles and sleeping for two nights on a concrete convention center floor. The bartenders were so supportive, gave high fives and hugs to all the walkers, and made a tremendous donation to a great cause. I don't particularly care if a bar is cash only, it seems these days that there are ATM's at every corner and I'm not sure what this "members only" thing is about with previous reviewers, you may not have felt very welcome, but they made us feel like family.Awesome.  I was so pleasantly surprised.  I'm not a beer drinker, but the food was REALLY GOOD.  I was impressed.  The bartender was super friendly, my husband loved the beer selection, and we will definitely go back.  It doesn't hurt that it is well known.  They can't even keep shirts in stock!Complete dive bar. We were being touristy and decided to stop in based off of "It's Always Sunny." We had fun, the bartender was super nice and attentive, patrons were definitely regulars. If you smoke you can smoke inside. The inside is very dirty. We grabbed beers and shots. Nothing else substantial to report.Stopped in there a few days ago for a beer after walking around the Waterfront.  Don't even watch that "show," but could see why locals would enjoy it as well as tourist.Don't be turned off by the naysayers. Actually, if you're like the naysayers and want a pleasant lounge or some all-wood panel, fake Irish bar, then please stay away. I went here for a bachelor party recently during mid-day. Lots of friendly locals in the place if you're willing to strike up a conversation, be civil, and not take yourself too seriously.
The bartender was a great guy. I had half a dozen great conversations, a few good, properly poured pints of Guinness, and a little Golden Tee. It was a great time. We were a Motley bunch, so maybe we fit in, but I think anybody with a good heart would feel right at home here. I'm absolutely going back every visit to Philadelphia.
Thanks Paddy's!We accidentally stumbled into this bar having no idea what truly it was. Amazing! What are the odds that's it's the same bar that inspired ASIP.I am a frequenter of this place... great bar normally. I cannot take that from it. You can smoke indoors, and enjoy yourself and the company around. The other night was quite the opposite. We encountered a very rude and inconsiderate bartender from the moment we walked in. She was very disrespectful to my friends and I; never have I encountered this in my entire time visiting  paddy's. Needless to say my friends and I will no be coming back.
Less than one star if possible.On my latest trip to Philly, I stopped there with some friends, mainly because we're huge fans of the show It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.  I wish we had not and just fantasized about this place, instead of actually going there.  We knew that it had no relation to the show, but we wanted to stop by anyway.  We walked through the door and were greeted with a huge cloud of smoke.  While most of us would appreciate a neighborhood small bar, this was way to tiny, with a few stools and no room for anything else.  It took us less than 30 seconds to decide to leave and go elsewhere.  Unfortunately, that was ample time for our clothing and  hair to smell like smoke.  Not only did we not like the bar, but we were left with a disgusting reminder until we were able to get back home and clean off the smoke smell.
There may be more to this place, but unfortunately, I can never get over the smoke to spend more time in there to actually find out.  Major disappointment!I'm a local. Born and raised in Philly, and live down the street from this dive. Despite where I'm from, I shouldn't be ignored or treated with such indifference bordering on annoyance. The couple times I went here, service was slow; Like 76 in rush hour. It was served with the opposite of a smile. And my beer was served after the bartender finished his cigarette. So, obviously, this place still allows smoking. But even when it's not filled with smokers, it smells like a million cigarette butts. I love a dive, but this place is not just divvy, it's sticky and it's dirty. I'd walk home to use the bathroom before I'd go here. But I'll never go here again. Proceed with extreme caution.Whoa, I don't even know where to begin....
Paddy's is absolutely the epitome of a dirty Dive bar!! If a stinky grungy bar is what you're aiming for - please visit this spot. The smell of urine & cigarettes saturated my hair and clothes. Can't complain because I knew from the get - what I was getting myself into. Booze was cheap, bartender was a sweetheart, & the stench was authentic! LoL No joke, very interesting experience.Tried to buy and six pack to go and was told to "fuck off". Just like everything else in the neighborhood I'm sure they'll be replaced by some bullshit million dollar converted container house in a few years. good riddance.5/4/2017 9:08 pm
The waitress is awful. Terrible accommodation, literally looked at my check to make sure that I tipped her the appropriate amount before letting me go. Service was horrendous. Pour was small. Worst dive bar I've ever been to.This bar is a crazy dive bar with strangers who become good memories. I came here after a concert at the fillmore and had such a great time. Excellent and quick service. Even though the space is tight, one long bar with seats lined up along it, it was still so much fun. And we met a crazy drunk old guy hiding away from his wife for the night. Really cool hipster feel as if you're a part of it's always sunnyKatie is the WORST bartender I've ever experienced. I had many times going to Paddy's but never had such a problem until tonight! I called her name and she flipped us off! She also charged $38 for THREE BEERS! Called her over again to discuss the problem, she rolled her eyes, and threw a twenty at us! Last call was called at 1:50 and when we got our drinks, she started screaming to get out before it even hit 2:00am!! WORST BARTENDER EVER! AWFUL SERVICE! There are so many better dives in Philly than this place. Done with Katie, done with Paddy's pub.Came here last night with a group of friends visiting from my home town, I Wanted to show them some good bars around old city. Drink prices were good and atmosphere was laid back. 
The bar had only 5 people when we arrived and the bartender seemed a little overwhelmed.  We were not being rowdy or obnoxious, and after about fifteen minutes she whistles loudly and yells that everyone needs to go and that she is closing. VERY unprofessional. I just ordered a beer and I was being forced out of the bar because "she was closing", I never got to finish my beer. WHAT A WASTE.
After working in the restaurant industry in old city I might add, I was shocked with how rude she handled it. If this place is a pub-a place to drink- why would you be closing early at the time when everyone goes out?! The bars in Philadelphia close at 2am not 1:18.
Overall I will never go back due to the lousy customer service. If you do not fit the bartenders standards you mine as well just leave before ordering a drink.Headed in the pub about an hour before closing the bartender there must have been wasted because she was stumbling around and was beyond rude.I put four Coors lights on my card but only served three beers, she gave me my receipt and saw she charged my card $38, When I asked her about it she took back my receipt without me signing it and threw a $20 at me to make up what she overcharged me. I didnt  even get a chance to sign off on the receipt. If you like being treated like a piece of shit and ripped off then this is your spot. Avoid. Not worth the hassleThis place is absolutely disgusting. I have no idea how so few people have taken time to comment on what a shithole it is. I have nothing against dive bars, but to call this a dive bar is a disgrace to actual dive bars. We love It's Always Sunny so wanted to check out Paddy's, but Hollywood couldn't even capture the horror that is Paddy's. Prepare to walk into a cloud of smoke and spiderwebs. Don't look up and don't waste your time.If it was possible I would rate this bar a 0/5 stars. Went came to Paddy's for the first time on Tuesday May 1,2018 for my friends 21st birthday. We had a small group and were not being rowdy or disruptive. As soon as we walked in the bartender made up her mind that she was not going to be polite. Since it was near the end of the night we asked for ice water with our drinks. She told us we had to pay for bottled water. I then said, as a paying customer isn't tap water free? With an attitude she gave us two waters for our group. We decided we were going to take a shot as a night cap and then head home. She said she was not going to serve one member of or group because she looked under the influence. I said that's fine, we will just take shots for the three who were standing at the bar. She then changed her mind and said "I'm not pouring shots now I changed my mind". I didn't get argumentative but asked why not? I explained we intended to leave and she then agreed to make us a shot. I regret even leaving her a poor tip and wish I left her nothing. Needless to say none of us will ever return to or recommend this bar to anyone. We were polite and paying customers who entered the establishment. We were all of age and provided ID but the bar tender clearly did not want us there for an unknown reason.It's a little bit slower than what I thought. It's good for just couple friends hanging out and having nice convo. LolIt was a quiet night.  They don't have all the normal beers.  I felt uncomfortable walking in but the atmoshpere was cool after going in... Its in a nice neighborhood. 
I probably wont go back there, but it was an experience I am happy I have under my belt.  Learned "its always sunny in philadelphia" the bar was fictionally created based off this place so that was pretty cool.As a fan of the show, this place was wildly underwhelming.  Nothing was updated - and there were people smoking inside the bar.  Come to think of it, I suppose it is very similar to the show.  My complaint is that it was very tiny and the server wasn't very attentive.  
I had high hopes for some reason and I should not have.I literally drive to Philly for this bar!
Having just moved to DC, I have been yearning for a normal, blue collar, neighborhood bar that is not full of a bunch of d**chebag college types, and Paddy's tends to cater to this crowd.  I will make the two hour commute so that I can meet up and chat with Philly and NYC friends at Paddy's.
As far as the smokiness goes, IT'S FABULOUS!  Non-smokers have virtually every other bar in the country, and in some cities, they even have most of the out-of-doors to breathe freely.  Come on, guys!  Can't a smoker have one place to go? ?