Finally stopped in the place I have been meaning to get to. I was not disappointed. I had the Giardino. Roasted Eggplant, Peppers, Onions, Pesto, Fennel and Fresh Mozzarella all toasted under a flame for a minute to finish. Great flavors. Good roll. Definitely will return. I saw quite a few people order the Brisket while at the counter. Will try that next time.Today I ordered the Paesano's sub and two friends ordered the eggplant and diavlo. Everything was delicious, the service was quick, and they have gluten-free options available. It's clear that all of the menu items and thoughtfully and lovingly crafted. The complexity of the toppings is refreshing and the flavor combinations are a delight.
I appreciated the cadence of the guys behind the counter, but I observed that their joshing with customers was often unnecessarily aggressive. If you want the experience of attempting to one-up a resigned, portly "man's man," for the duration of your meal, by all means do not order your sub to go...My god these sandwiches are good. I am always down with a greasy spoon, hole in the wall place that makes incredible food. I've eaten about half their menu and everything has been delicious. Bobby Flay lost in the throwdown, enough said. If you're new to the place maybe start with the paesano and call ahead for takeout orders or be ready to wait 10+ minutes for your sandwich to be prepared.If I could go anywhere for a sandwich, and I mean ANYWHERE, it would definitely be Paesano's! It's a little hole in the wall with a very small counter so don't plan on eating there. Go and pick up a unique, delicious slice of Philadelphia and head on your way. I love the Giardina, all vegetarian and it's even better the second day. I hear the Daddywad is also a good call. Try it, no regrets.My colleagues decided to take a 15 min walk to this place.. And we're all glad we did!!! Such great tasting sandwhich and great service!I got the Paesano's sandwich and it's 1 of the best I've had.. Hands Down.. I won't go detailed into the ingredients but to sum it up.. It's perfect!  They have Stuarts Orange Soda too! Will come back to try the AristaThe Paesano is borderline orgasm inducing. Probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.Great sandwiches.  So far I have had the Tuscan Tony, the Arista and by far my favorite, the Paesano.   FYI, the sandwiches are about $8 each but are large can be shared.I've picked up Paesano's three times now, and each time it gets more crowded. The sandwiches are some of the best and most creative I've ever had. We've tried most of them, including the Arista (suckling pig), Gustaio (lamb) and Paesano (roast beef). Plus a special chicken on they had once. Overall, the Gustaio is my probably my favorite, followed by the Arista and the Paesano. The chicken was actually the only thing I haven't liked so far. 
The other great thing is drinks are included in the price of the sandwich - a nice touch. And the folks who work at this tiny place are super-friendly. I'll be going back next weekend, in all likelihood, and recommend you go too!I usually hate brisket and pork sandwiches.  I also normally don't like spicy things and peppers.  That being said both the Paesano and the Arista were over the top awesomely amazing.  Such a balanced, juicy sandwich!I am not a sandwich-lover, but Paesano's has made a believer out of me! I had the finest tuna sandwich I have ever eaten here and also have had the chickpea sandwich (the panelle). Both were the BEST I have ever had. 
First off, I would like to thank the folks who designed this place for making it airy and roomy and not crowding it with too many tables. I love that the flow of traffic to the "pickup" counter does not impede on the table spaces of folks eating in. My one complaint is that there is no distinction in packaging for eating in and taking out - all sandwiches come in paper and all soups in paper cups - all disposable. I would love to see my eat-in sandwich displayed on a lovely plate, but I can live with this petty thing given the delectable food. 
The tuna was awesome! It is Italian tuna and green olives with potato chips and a hint of pimiento cheese (I think!). The roasted tomatoes round it all out into just plain awesome. it is a rare and wonderful thing when the alchemy of a tuna sandwich can leave me puzzling as to the exact ingredients making this thing wonderful! It was literally the best tuna sandwich I have EVER eaten. 
The Sicilian chickpea pancakes in the panelle are so light and air-fluffy that they remind me of Marc Vetri's spinach gnocchi food magic. This is, in short, a fantastic sandwich offering a combination of flavors that were just perfect! It has the savory and the slightly sweet and the hot and tangy all wrapped up in perfectly toasted flat bread. Yum! 
Also, as other have mentioned, a great selection of hard-to-find sodas - my personal favorite is the Cherry Wishniak.Definitely in the top 5 sandwiches I've had, and not just in Philly.  The brisket is so juicy, mixed with the horseradish mayo, pepperocini slices, fried egg, roasted tomatoes - just perfect. The hoagie was superb.  Prices are great, and they have bottles of Hank's soda, too. 
The place is small, so not much table space to eat at, but they have tables outside, which made for a lovely lunch. We will be back!Talk about a hidden gem!  I've lived two blocks away from here for six months and finally stopped in for a sandwich.  It's very unassuming from the outside, but I think that's the point.  Continuing with that theme, you only need about five seconds to take it all in.  Tables?  What tables?  There's one counter that seats seven.  Who cares?  It makes it feel exclusive, even "neighborhoody."  For the most part the menu is all sandwiches and they know how to make a great one.  With the name of Paesano's you need a great bread for it all and it's the best kind to go with-- seeded.  I tried two of their sandwiches and the most difficult part was deciding which I liked more.  
The first I had was the Arista, which was whole roasted suckling pig with broccoli rabe, long hots, and sharp provolone.  You can't get any more Philly with this sandwich.  I left off the rabe, but didn't notice anything lacking.  It was amazing with the pork being tender and very juicy.  My only minor complaint was I felt it could have had a little more meat on it.  
The second sandwich was the Paesano.  I'm assuming it's their signature sandwich being the restaurant's namesake.  The Paesano has a lot going on.  It's a brisket sandwich with horseradish mayo, roasted tomatoes, peperoncino, and sharp provolone.  Oh, I almost forgot the fried egg!  The egg makes it unique and finishes off an already awesome sandwich with an even better taste.it was good as-is, but if you want so called philly cheesestake, this is not the place to go though.
i remember how good the cheesestake that i ate in Philly 5 years ago was, so wanted to get another good one since we were near Philadelphia.
we chose this place based on yelp reviews. turned out the closest thing that i wanted to get was "peasano" on the menu. it had fried egg and different kind of cheese from a usual cheesestake.
it was good! it is beef but the cheese and the sourness made it very light. 
should have gotten a T shirt there !!I had the Parsano... one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. Small place, great customer service. Very friendly.visit on 8/20/2011
Soooooo good... Ordered an Arista sandwich - Whole Roasted Suckling Pig, Broccoli Rabe, Italian Long Hots & Sharp Provolone - and this was one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. The pork was a savory, tender, juicy pulled pork balanced out with a nice bitterness from the broccoli rabe. Italian hots gave the sandwich a little kick and the provolone held it all together. A well rounded sandwich with a lot of delicious flavors in each bite. This sandwich alone is incentive enough to bring me back to Philly!Now THIS is a sandwich shop. Granted Paesano's is a dive, it's a real hole in the wall, but that doesn't stop them from serving damn good sandwiches. If you want something a little more refined, go to their Italian market location.
I've tried my fair share of Paesano's sandwiches, and I have to say, I have not been disappointed by any of them. Their menu is made up of about 10 different sandwiches and a couple sides, all done very well. Out of all the sandwiches though, I'd have to say that the zawzeech is my favorite. I hate the name, and I usually just ask for "a sausage sandwich" when I go because I can't bring myself to say it in a "Philly accent." The zawzeech is the best damn sausage sandwich I've had in the city. It definitely isn't the prettiest sandwich, and it is a total mess to eat because of all the sausage juices that run down your chin and arm with each bite, but it's the best. It's a trancendental experience and I look for any excuse to head to that part of town just to try another sandwich.It's really as good as you've heard. I can't believe I haven't been here until now. I had gone to the south philly location once a long time ago and left feeling like it didn't live up to the hype. But this time at the Girard location... Shazam! Pow! Kablow! (as Marvel Comics might say.)
I had the Diavlo which is a spicy chicken, sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, and roast peppers. It was so delicious. The best part was actually not the food though. I really enjoyed watching the cook preparing it, and he gave me some samples of a few other things while I was waiting. I can't wait to try some of the other sandwiches.Artista sandwich was spot on good. Quick and not too greasy, sesame seed roll, and spicy broccoli rabe was just right. 
Also great staff! Friendly to all people. 
Go get a paesano.Daring sandwiches done to perfection. This review is going to be short and sweet because their is nothing bad to say. So I'll just say this.
Best. Sandwich. Shop. In. South. Philadelphia.
Stop reading this review, call them up, order yourself a Bolognese (lasagna with a fried egg on it WHAAAAAAA) and enjoy.Circumstances conspired to keep me away from Paesano's (no cash money, got lost, it was a Monday) but oh man, do I regret that missed time. Three of us went today during the crazy Italian festival that was going on outside (roads blocked off and everything) and we were still able to grab a seat with no trouble, and the sandwiches came out about 10 seconds after our friend arrived late. The soda fountain is awesomely old fashioned (orange cream soda and root beer, anyone?) and the sandwiches were uniformly delicious. I had the Diavlo, which, even though I was no longer hungry after half, was so good that I had to finish it. Our friend's eyes rolled up to the ceiling after trying the Arista. Even my vegetarian boyfriend was pleased with the Giardana. It's a bit of a hike, but totally worth it.Pretty good hoagies....I will be back!
As with most of my dining adventures, I had to come here because it was on TV.  We came on a Saturday 30 minutes before closing.  This is a whole in the wall right in the middle of the italian market.
We ordered the original "Paesano" and something that looked really interesting called the "Liveracce" .
I'm a sandwich guy and I can tell you that the "Paesano" was friggin' amazing!  Not sure what was in it, but the juices were flowing, not to mention the fried egg that just worked really well.
On the other hand, the "Liveracce" was a chicken liver sandwich which I had high hopes for, but it missed the mark.  It was just wayyyyyyyy too salty.  Seriously, when i say salty, I'm saying I had to drink a gallon of water just to flush all that sodium outta my system.
Despite 1 out of 2 horrible hoagies and a 15 minute hoagie wait (in a nearly empty place), I still want to go back.  Sitting there allowed me to see a few other hoagies that were being consumed by loyal customers.  And they looked good!It's hard to blow me away with a sandwich, but this place does it and they do it consistently.  I've been here several times but am finally getting around to reviewing it.  
We stopped in around noon on a Sunday.  As expected, the small store was fairly crowded.  The line moved quickly and we placed our order and sat at the counter within 5 minutes.
We ordered the Paesano and the Daddywad.  The Paesano was great and I especially liked the horseradish mayo.  The Daddywad was also very good.  The sandwiches are big and won't leave you hungry.
The atmosphere is no frills.  Just typical deli counter seats.  With sandwiches that tasty the atmosphere doesn't matter.Was expecting a foodgasm after my first bite of the Paesano.  What a let down.  If I come back I will go for the Liverace.Came in and was welcomed in like a local. The place is very small. Only 6 stools but thats fine because the sandwiches we shared (paesano/arista) were some of the best sandwiches I ever had. The paesano was definitely he winner. The roasted tomato and egg really put the paesano on the top. A must visit if you are in that area of Philly.Seriously amazing sandwiches...even for us pescetarians.  The eggplant sandwich is awesome--the fennel seemed like it would be disgusting but I think I can attribute 3 lbs. on my butt from this sandwich at this point.  Me likes.  
The tuna sandwich is great--chips on it were a surprise because, well, I don't like chips.  But guess what?  Fantastic.  
The cooks and the prep guys are always fun...and that's a must since the sandwiches are wayyyyy tooooo messssy to eat in the car, as I usually do with my lunches.  I always manage to have a great conversation with patrons or the staff when I'm there.  
These are dollar for dollar the best value in town for a sandwich too--I can usually get two meals out of the $8 eggplant sandwich.  And the Hanks' sodas are a great change and a value for a mere $1.  
Go there.  Now.My husband and I ate here on Friday.  We both really enjoyed our sandwiches.  My husband got the brisket and I got the meatloaf.   Would def go back agianWOW.  I have eaten here before and always thought it was good.  The brisket sandwich has always been what my go-to here...but no more... went the other day and ordered the zaw-zeech (sausage) sandwich, and WOW just WOW is all I have to say.  The best sausage sandwich Ive had in a while, maybe ever...the GF got the Arista, also really goood... check this place out if you haven't.  Be careful though, bc you can easily walk right by it and not noticePerfection on a roll (or in a wrap).  I've never had anything here that was short of amazing.  The sandwiches are created with unique and inventive ingredients, but the place still manages not to be pretentious.  It is a very casual, no frills scene and the prices are very reasonable.  Even the fountain sodas they offer are awesome.A little known fact about the City of Brotherly Love: it really loves roast pork.
With that being said, there is one sandwich that reigns supreme among the rest: The Arista at Paesano's... roast suckling pig, broccoli rabe, Italian long hot peppers and aged, sharp provolone, served up on a crusty sesame laden hoagie roll.  Paesano's pork may not get as much publicity as its Philly peers in John's Roast Pork or Tommy DiNic's at the Reading Market, but I can assure you that it slings a better hot sandwich than both of its counterparts and their take on Italian styled roast pork.
Don't settle for the partial blockage by stopping at the roast suckling pig; go for the quadruple by-pass by electing to throw down these calorie packing hoagies as well:
Zawzeech: Italian sausage w/ peppers and onions will ruin every outdoor BBQ you head to next summer that doesn't serve a Zawzeech.
Bolognese: they take something already delicious in lasagna, then they fry it up!  But they don't stop there, they also throw a friggin' fried egg on top.  An ooey gooey masterpiece with a heavy, caloric kick.
The Paesano:  The name-sake of the restaurant is slow roasted beef brisket with a fried egg.  I'm starting to think that anything with a fried egg on it is awesome.
Philly is one of, if not the best lunch food city in the country, and Peasano's might be the king of that kingdom.Being a gluten free eater, it's hard to find any place that has good gluten free bread, that is until I heard about Paesano's! Let me tell you - I've never had such delicious fresh bread, I wouldn't have known it wasn't one of their regular rolls. 
My sandwich choice: Giardina. The vegetables were perfectly grilled, the pesto olive oil spread wonderfully tasty and soaked right into the thick layers of the roll. It was heaven on a roll, and for a gluten free eater, heaven on earth. I'll be going back plenty of times so I can try each of their sandwiches.
 (My fiancé got the Arista and I tasted the fillings: also amazing. Broccoli rabe is so under rated and worked perfectly with the pulled pork, pepperoncini and cheese.)These are some seriously tasty sandwiches, The potatoes area great too. I suggest taking your food to go, the chubby guy who works there kind of weirds me out, and always has food on his face.I'm probably the only person in the world who feels this way, but I just don't like Paesanos. I gave it a second shot and I didn't like it. Again. The second time I got the Chicken sandwich...Diavlo I believe? The chicken was really tough and hard to eat. The broccoli rabe was kinda gross when thrown in the mix... I don't know. I just haven't really liked anything I've tried here. Sorry guys.This is one of those places where I wish I could create a giant arrow saying "GO HERE NOW!" Its a hole in a wall that I missed the first time I drove down the street and it doesn't look like much from the outside. But inside are the most delicious smells. Most people grab and go so we were able to sit and enjoy our meal. The guy who took our order was very friendly and energetic. We tried the Paesano and Guistao (sp?). The Paesano was comforting and the Guistao was so decadent. No wonder this place is so popular; its totally unexpected and the outcome is astounding. 
Plus there were these guys who ordered and paid, then they decided they wanted to try the potatoes too and the guy waived the $2 saying that its on them. Small gestures like that tell you about how they care about making their customers happy and making good food, rather than making a profit. I'll be here again very soon. I don't think I can eat another hoagie anywhere else lol
PS They close around 7 or so, so get there early!Delicious sandwiches that are a must-try!
We were visiting from out of town, so of course we had to get the Philly Cheesesteak. It did not disappoint! So much meat that was so thinly sliced with just the right amount of cheese. You can also get caramelized onions but I opted out. We also got the Arista, which is pork with some veggies- also good with a bit of a kick. The sandwiches are cut in half- perfect for sharing. They are super filling.
Try some of the vanilla cream soda to wash it down! Paired perfectly with the cheesesteak. They also have root beer, orange soda, ginger ale, and other sodas- both bottles and cans. No fountain drinks.
Friendly and fast service. The gentleman who helped us was very funny. Easy street parking.
 Order at the counter, sit, enjoy your food (they bring it out to you), and then pay at the counter when you are all finished. Only thing- Cash only!!! They have an ATM if you don't have any.
Would recommend! Very reasonably priced at about $10 per sandwich- totally worth it.I just tried two 1/2 sandwiches from them, it made me terrible sick. 
It had a weird strong smell to it, I figured it as just a unique type of seasoning (like the way good quality aged cheese and salami smells like farts) I was wrong. 
Either the chicken and the beef were both rotten meat or the oil they fried it in was rancid from overuse.
I wouldn't recommend a place (or try it again) that made me throw up.Best Sandwich I ever had! They were sold out of the Paesano Sandwich), so I ordered the Gustaio and it was delicious and sooo flavorful! I will be back for it ASAP! This place was my pick me up after  a 10 hr stint at my great but slow hair salon. The delivery guy was very nice as well. Great Customer Service and great food! I'll be back again and againgreat sandwiches on their regular menu plus they always have specials that never disappoint.  I love all there sandwiches but the Paesano is still my go to, and their fried potatoes in pork grease are a must.bought some sandwiches to take on the road (in the cooler) and just ate the Diavolo, one day later. what a mouth burst of flavors...they just keep coming as you eat and one hour later I'm still dreaming of the taste. great little shop, friendly servers and really good stuff. too bad I only get to Philly every 5 years. this would be the franchise to get.One of Philly's best sandwich shops is Paesano's. The original sandwich grill is in Northern Liberties but there is also an outpost in the Italian Market. Their sandwich variety is outstanding and the ingredients are of good quality. Though their eponymous sandwich is of course justly famous, I opted for the Gustaio when I stopped by the NoLibs location earlier this week.  This is a heated sandwich of merguez, arugula, sun-dried cherry mustard, and roasted fennel. It is truly tasty. But I can't say it's my favorite sandwich at Paesano's because in truth I've liked them all. Could Paesano's improve?  Well I think at their NoLibs locale, they could offer condiments on the counter for their eat-in customers. There is nothing on the counter if you wanted to ratchet up the seasoning a little. Maybe if they did that, more people would eat in the sandwich shop.....but then again maybe they prefer that most of their business is takeout or delivery.  Oh and do remember - this is a cash only operation.What can I say other than YUM! These guys have some unique combinations and garnishes used in their sandwiches you don't really see in many places. My favorite so far was the one with lamb it's absolutely delicious. The tuna Italiano is also grand it's got a very generous helping of boiled eggs. I recommend to anyone looking to try something a bit outside the norm and always delicious.My friend Cherry and I have been on a quest to find the best Pork Italian in Philly and after reading rave reviews for Paesano's decided to give them a chance at the crown. I tried the Arista minus the long hots. The broccoli rabe was incredibly fresh and tasty, however the pork was a bit too dry for my liking. I went back a second time and tried the Diavlo, which was pretty good, albeit saturated with grease. Overall this place is pretty good, but nothing spectacular.Until this afternoon, I had never enjoyed the quintessential Philly sandwich: roast pork with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone. 
If I was a pig being denied life, the Arista sandwich would be the right cause to die for. After eating only half of it, I marched myself straight home and into bed. That thing was big enough to satiate my pork pang for at least the rest of 2010.I found this store from yelp's review, most people give 4 or higher stars. Decide to stop by July 4, and good thing they're open. 
I had order Paesano and Arista, two sandwich comes with sharp provolone cheese. to me it over power.  I don't taste any favor beside cheese. 
Personal opinion is too salty, and cheese is over strong.Thanks to (my friend in my head) Anthony Bourdain, I had to check it out! Made my bf walk about 1.5 miles yesterday just to grab a sandwich before heading back to nyc.
I ordered the Panelle and he had the Diavlo, we split an order of potatoes ...SO GOOD. I wasn't as happy with my sandwich as I was with his and ending up taking a lot of bites from his Diavlo. The Panelle was good but the chickpea pancake was super mushy and sloppy, i did like the heat from the peppers and sauce. The Diavlo is great, the layers of flavor from the chicken, broc rabe, cheese, etc...PERFECTION!
The potatoes were also super tasty and perfectly salty.Everything is awesome. 5 people came and we all ordered different sandwiches and everyone shared and every single one was amazing! We ordered the Paesano, Arista, roast beef special, meatball, and the Statidooch. Ridiculous!!!Anthony bordain led us astray. Went out of way to come here was packed long wait time, and sand which was not that impressive. The pace  is pretty small so ppl are standing around as you Eat, which doesn't make for a very  enjoyable environment. You feel very cramped up inside, and again I'll reiterate that we weren't too impressed with their sand whichGluten free hoagies. GLUTEN FREE HOAGIES.
I don't get why more Philly joints aren't catering to GF folks since you can pretty much freeze bread forever, but these guys do. The bread is pretty standard prepack GF bread, nothing to write home about, but you can have an actual hoagie, out with friends. Their meats are home made and delicious. They also accommodate altering hoagies from the standard order really easily (no cheese for me, unfortunately). 
If you're a celiac, you might have to use your best judgement about contamination. It's all just one kitchen. I'm intolerant, but not a celiac, and I've always been fine.
The one down side, I'd recommend getting it in person if you can. Delivery tends to take a while and sometimes they get part of the order wrong.Finally made it down to Paesano's.  It located in the heart of South Philly and the Italian Market. Parking can be an adventure down here with the narrow streets. I was lucky and snagged a space pretty much in front of the place. There is a city run pay lot close to the market also, that is probably the best bet.
Paesano's II is small, there are 2 or 3 tables, some counter seating and and stand up counter seating. I would guess maybe 25 people can eat in here maximum. The place was pretty crowded on a Saturday afternoon and they were busy with both take out and eat in and catering orders. The place is no frills, the menu is on a big chalk board. We placed our order and we were again lucky when a table opened up for us.
I ordered the Arista - Whole Roasted Pulled Pork, Broccoli Rabe, Italian Long Hots & Sharp Provolone and my daughter ordered the eponymous Paesano - Beef Brisket, Horseradish Mayo, Roasted Tomatoes, Pepperoncino, Sharp Provolone & Fried Egg. My Arista was great, the long hots gave it a nice degree of heat and the pork was tender and juicy. My only complaint, and a small one at that, is the the roll became soggy quickly. The Paesano was described as the best sandwich my daughter ever ordered.
Paesanos is not that expensive. The sandwiches are  $8.00 to $9.00 and are big without being overkill. Paesanos is CASH only, they do have an ATM. They have soft drinks (fountain) and provide cups for water. They have a sink for washing your hands and you will love this sink believe me. I don't think they have a public bathroom but I am not sure.
The food here is so much better then a cheese steak! Worth the parking battles and narrow streets.Great food, now open late! This place is fantastic and better since they moved. They now stay open late and finally make cheesesteaks. Not much else to say, but I would suggest it anytime.I am a hoagie-man.  Every time I am in Philly it is a must stop to pick up a hoagie from Sarcone's or a roasted pork, aged provolone and broccoli rabe from Dinics.  I am so obsessed I drive my son to parkour lessons in Philly on the weekends so I can get a hoagie.
About 3 months ago, I stopped at Paesano's.  Amazing food!  I have tried every sandwich and can't believe how good these are.  Trust the menu, and don't change around the sandwich because you don't think you will like it.  Who ever made up these sandwiches is a genius because everything taste great together.  I am hooked on this place!Wow.  These sandwiches are fantastic.  If I'm in the mood for a sandwich, I really can't think of a place I'd rather go.
Thus far I've consumed the Paesano, Arista, Tuscan Tony, and Diavlo.  All of them ridiculous.  I can't even pick a favorite.  I'm working my way down the menu and can't imagine any of them not being great.  
I'm not even a broccoli rabe fan typically and these guys make it taste like sex.
Go here.  You won't regret it.  Eat your food there or very soon after picking it up.  Once the bread gets soggy it loses some of it's magic.The guys behind the counter at Paesano's are half the fun of this place.  They're friendly even while they're working hard, and I love their whole attitude.  They create a warm friendly atmosphere that's felt good each time I've walked in.
The place is tiny, seats maybe 8 people, and the sammys are fantastic.  The Arista (roast pork with provolone and long hots for kick) is so, so damn good... but then so is every other sandwich I've had here.
My one complaint... why can't I get the fried lasagna sandwich at this location when I can get it in South Philly?Come here hungry! The sandwiches are the size of a large subs. You can grab a drink from the fridge and have a seat while two guys prepare your food. We walked a long ways from our hotel to eat here hoping to enjoy one of the sandwiches prior yelpers raved about. The staff was super friendly and had our sandwiches to us very quickly. I ordered the Paesano. I saw it had horseradish sauce and knew it wasn't my favorite flavor, but, because it was one of their most popular sandwiches, I ordered it anyway. I shouldn't have and I blame that on my own judgment. It lacked much flavor in the meat, but made up for it in the horseradish sauce which I didn't love. It was really juicy too so the bread got soggy too fast. My husband ordered the Daddy Wad and said his was ok. My daughter ordered the cheesesteak with just steak and cheese, nothing else, and I thought hers tasted the best. It feels like your neighborhood philly boys making you a sandwich, but I thought it lacked the flavor I was looking for.Paesano's is wonderful for lunch or dinner right on the Italian Market! The servivce is very quick and friendly with a wonderful assortment of tantalizing sandwiches. 
Come hungry as these are ample portions of the Paesano's version of some of our Philadelphia tastes as well as some wonderfully inventive treats of their own. Price is reasonable.How great is this: tiny unassuming restaurant with a menu (a blackboard) that takes up a whole wall of the restaurant, and every sandwich is complex, fresh, multiple ingredients and outstanding. The Giardina is crazy insane effing awesome. Love them!Now this is a great sandwich place. Perfect bread, finely crafted ingredients and a dedicated staff. I cannot wait to go back. I meditate regretted not getting a second (okay, third) sandwich to go.I will join the other yelpers and grovel at their feet. 
The Paesano made me want to go downtown and shove this in the faces of everyone standing in line for Pat's and Gino's.  Whiz is kinda gross.  
Warm, chewy sesame-crusted italian bread.  Real brisket brined to perfection.  So juicy and tender.  There must be at least 1.5 pound of meat, if not more in this sandwich.  Real, sharp provolone cheese. 
Roasted tomatoes are wonderful.  Pepperoncini and  Horseradish mayo
and a fried egg. 
I could only finish half of it because it was so huge.  I saved the other half for lunch the next day, and I thought it would become a soggy nightmare.  But, it turned out to be just as yummy when i nuked it.  I ate it alone, so I gobbled it down messily and barbarically.  Tarzan, be jealous.
I also tried the Suckling Pig sandwich, which was amazing, too.  See Enid C's review below.  
They also have a crepe for $2!!! Best kept cheapest dessert in Philly.  
Nutella and Apricrot preserves in a crepe!Everything was good here. My favorite sandwich was the "Stathoochi" (hopefully spelled right) it had turkey in it. It was similar to a turkey hoagie.Had the roast pork and it was incredible. I can honestly say that they are better than DiNic's. It's cash only here which is just crazy but it doesn't change how good the food is.Sooo yummy!!!  The bread, the sauce, the toppings...  oh, how I wish I live in Philly!  One of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life!  I bow to your awesomeness.Just because you are in Philly does not mean that you should eat a Philly Cheesesteak.
Come here for the Arista (roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and peppers) and make sure you get early. You dont want to run out of bread.Hold off for a real steak and fries from Jim's, Pats, or Genos or little Nicks. This place isn't very good. Employee was friendly and niceThis place is the definition of flavortown. The sandwiches are unique and a refreshing change of pace from the overdone roast pork & cheesesteak joints. I've ate my way thru most of the menu, so here are my up to the minute sandwich rankings:
#1 Gustaio -- Out of Bounds!
#2 Paesano -- Dynamite!
#3 Diavolo -- Bomb-dot-com Tasty!
#4 Tuna Italiano -- Funkalicious!
#5 Giardina -- Gangsta!
#6 Arista -- Shut the Front Door!
#7 Roast Beef Trapenese -- Off the hook!
#8 Philly -- The Real Deal!
#9 Italian Tony -- Righteous!Today I had the BEST sandwich of all time.....the ARISTA. After reading the many reviews, I went here today knowing i would order the arista and the potatoes, if available. This has to be the best tasting sandwich I have ever had. From the fresh roll to the flavorful pork, it was simply the best. I was lucky to score some potatoes and really enjoyed them for both lunch and dinner. Thank you Paesanos!! I will definitely be back.There are many fantastic places to eat in the Italian Market area but Paesano's II is one of the best. They have a menu of seriously well thought out sandwich combinations. In particular I must sing the praises of their "Il Gustaio," which is quite possibly the most tasty sandwich in all of Philadelphia  - a clever and sweet/savory combination of lamb, fennel, cherry spread and gorgonzola. 
The place is simple and in the summer there are a few tables outside. The service has always been friendly and swift. This is an easy easy choice.Good stuff, had a sampling of sandwiches from paesano's this weekend and they were all fantastic.  The sausage is covered in peppers and onions and other goodies, the roast pork was awesome, love the super spicy long hots on this one.  At 8 bucks for a hot sandwich the price is good considering the quality of the food.  I am currently formulating a reason to get here this week!!Amazingly generous and welcoming staff! The sandwich was really fresh too!If you eat the Tuna Italiano sandwich at Paesano's, I promise you'll never want another from anywhere else. These guys have turned something as basic as a tuna sandwich into a culinary work of art. The blend of flavors and textures is amazing. 
The shop is clean and spacious, with indoor and outdoor seating. Employees are friendly, efficient, and professional. I'm looking forward to trying more menu options here!Short and sweet: this place makes a freaking fantastic sandwich. We live down the street, and unfortunately, Paesano's has us so hooked, we haven't really tried any other sandwich place in Philly. Honestly I am not sure we're missing out - the Diavolo is as close to perfection in the hot sandwich category as I can currently imagine, and the Daddywad is your quintessential Italian hoagie. The ingredients are quality and the flavors are great.
The staff is, as others have noted....colorful. Lately they seem more friendly and welcoming than when we first started going there. I used to find it best to go in knowing what I wanted, cash in hand ready to go, soup-Nazi style, in order to avoid attitude/embarrassment at the hands of the smart-ass cooks. More recently, though, they've been more friendly. If you're a lady, you'll probably get winked at.So the day before I left Philly I took a stroll with my SO to Paesano's, as I had heard from a self-proclaimed sandwich snob and overall foodie that this was the best sandwich place he had ever encountered. Wow, I thought, I have to hit this up as one of my bon voyage meals.
Perhaps it was the fact that I didn't want to like anything too much before leaving the PHY, but I have to say Paesano's was really good but not as incredible as I had expected.
I had the special, which was a smoked turkey with provolone and Parmesan cheese along with a scrumptious garlic mayonnaise. Can I just say that I HATE mayo. Yeah, and this sandwich would not have been really tasty without the delic garlicy creaminess - makes me re-evaluate my feelings towards mayo completely - well, not really. However, the sandwich was good, even the half I ate a day later. My only gripe was the parmesan flavor was way too overpowering.
My SO had the hot sandwich Diavolo with chicken, salami, and cheddar. I had heard good things on Yelp so I thought it would be better than my sandwich but we both agreed my special was much more on point. His was good but the major problem was that the toppings were not evenly spread out so you either got too much cheese or no cheese at all. But overall it was decent and better than most hot sandwiches I've tried.
I like the simple, contemporary, clean setting. The prices were all right and the service was ok, although the waitress was chit-chatting the whole time with some guy that she obviously was flirting with even though they were both attached...niceIn the words of Borat (and yes, I'm still pulling a 2006 joke), "Oh la la!" Not only did my garlic/pig/pepper breath reek havoc on Philadelphia that day, but I was quarantined in my home for 24 hours. I'm sorry for being so graphic, but does this not set the mood for comfort food or what?! 
Philly is notorious for "the sandwich place." Every day I overhear somebody talking about the new sandwich place at dot dot dot. Why do we love steak sandwiches, hoagies, hero's, etc. so much? What's so cool about a good sandwich? Well, I'm hear to tell you, it's everything. There's nothing better than a cold Philly night of boozing and stopping by "the sandwich place" to grab an artery-clogger. Each bite, sinking you further and further into a deep and comforting coma. Before you know it, your brow is sweating from the long-hots, and you cool it down with a micro-brew. And in your deepest and darkest moment, you realize how pathetic life has gotten that "this" is heaven. But hey, that's how us Philadelphian's role... we did just get rated ugliest people in the country... 
As for Paeson's, all above applies. The sandwich's they make will cripple you and leave you praying for me. My recommendation, the Arista (whole roasted suckling pig w/ broccoli rabe, Italian long hots, sharp provolone and natural jus). "Oh la la."Fried lasagna and crispy fried meatloaf sandwiches on fresh, Philly bread? Sign me up for a billion more. Paesano's is the best!
Stopped here on a sandwich tour of Philadelphia (yes, some friends of mine and I decided to tour the city that we feel makes the most of the area between the bread) and obviously ended up at Paesano's in the Italian Market. We ordered equal amounts of the fried lasagna sandwich and the fried meatloaf. We could not have made better decisions. 
The fried meatloaf was first. Generous helpings of meatloaf that seemed to be pan fried in oil (not deep fried as you might imagine) just enough to get the outer edges crispy and the inside hot were layered inside of a seeded roll. Add homemade sauce and fresh, melty mozzarella and you have a simple, yet cleverly delicious take on the standard meatball grinder. I loved this sandwich. 
Despite my affinity for the meatloaf, I may have fallen more in love with the fried lasagna sandwich. Same bread as the above, with the same frying technique used on the lasagna. The key to this sandwich? A fried egg between the guts of the sammy and the bread. Doesnt seem to really make any sense at all, but in my mouth it was singing harmonies that hadnt been sung before. 
All of this amazingness at reasonable prices and you can see why Paesano's is a staple of the sandwich circuit and somewhere I will go back to every time I am in the city of brotherly love.By far my favorite sandwich spot anywhere.  If you're in the area and want a sandwich to make love to you, eat here.Ordered a Giardina sandwich for delivery from grubhub. Based on all the great Yelp reviews, I was pretty excited for an authentic hoagie since I usually resort to the Subway down the street for my hoagie cravings. The sandwich had eggplant, peppers, mozzarella, and pesto. Sounds delicious right? I was extremely disappointed. Aside from the sandwich being soggy (which is acceptable I guess since it was delivery),  it was overly sweet that I could barely take a few bites of the sandwich before I had to throw it out. The sweetness was very overpowering, so much so that I could not even taste the eggplant and basil pesto that I was looking forward to. I even took the sweet peppers out in an attempt to salvage the sandwich, but everything was drenched in balsamic vinegar. To make matters worse, the bread was not fresh! Maybe this place is just not for vegetarians. Next time, I'll just stick to Subway.Ok. So I finally tried Paesano sandwich. I was meaning to try it for very long time. My hubby picked up for me and I had it for lunch next day. I enjoyed it very much and I am sure if I eat fresh one.. I will be blown away.DELICIOUS. This food is great. I love the fact that they serve GLUTEN FREE rolls here for their sandwiches...and that the sandwiches are INCREDIBLE...fresh, piping hot. So good. I can taste the meat melting in my mouth, with the cheese and eggs oozing out the side... Really, you have to try it. 
The only downside: it can get crowded, which slows down the service...and on top of that there isn't much space to sit, so you'll most likely have to find a place nearby outside (meaning down the block-- there are no outdoor tables here), particularly if you have a group of more than 2 people.Finally made it to the Paesano's in the Italian Market. Of course it gets 5-stars, duh - it's the best sandwich place ever. I do like the counter at the Girard location but there is more seating here. I wish I had the stomach I had 10 years ago, eating a whole sandwich is no longer good for my system.I love roast pork sandwiches so I always look for the best one. This is one of them. My top three are this johns roast pork and Dinics.. What I look for is juiciness, the cheese and bread.. This sandwich is great they add peppers on it which add a great flavor. It's juicy and the bread is amazing. I wish the cheese was a little sharper but it was good. The way it's cooked is different from Dinics but it's good! I recommend it! It's way better than johns and right up there with Dinics.Had the Arista and it was truly delicious... Im a pork sandwich expert and didnt think anyone could compare to DeNics or Lennys in Conshy. Well this is just as good if not a bit better.  Great flavor... perfectly spiced with no need to add s&p. Great that this location exists since its less crowded than S. Philly location.i've been going to paesano's for a while now and use to love it.  like the other recent reviews, the past few times it's been different.  some of the sandwiches just aren't up to par compared to what they use to be and don't taste as good.  the bigger issue is how small the sandwiches are now.  for a month or two, the sandwiches have been much smaller than before.  i finally asked one of the guys working there and he said all of the sandwiches are now smaller.  whattt???  i don't like that.  at $8 a pop, either lower the price if you're going to give me less or charge me a bit more and give me the same size sandwich i use to get.  not sure what is causing the food to be not as good or the sandwiches to be significantly smaller???
i hope things go back to how they were before...Incredible sandwiches, made on great GLUTEN FREE BREAD!!!
You can't go wrong with this place if you triedAfter seeing Paesano's signature sandwich (aptly called Paesano) on an episode of Throwdown w/ Bobby Flay, I knew I just had to drive the two hours to get one, and it was really well worth the trip! As everyone said, it's a hole-in-the-wall and quite easy to miss, so when you're on Girard Ave and see the large yellow Mcdonald's arch, you know you're close! (a block away from either direction)
I ordered the Paesano, which is a beef brisket sandwich on an Italian hoagie roll with roasted tomato pepperoncino, sharp provolone, horseradish mayo, and fried egg. The key is the egg here, which soaks up all the juices of the brisket and the rest of the ingredients, but note that the brisket is quite fatty like the texture of soft bacon. The Diavlo, which is a spicy chicken sandwich w/ salami, tomatoes, broccoli rab, and sharp provolone, also on Italian, is the perfect combination of the saltiness of the chicken and salami to the undertones of sweetness from the provolone. Both sandwiches were extremely juicy and flavorful, which I personally feel comes their rather colonial-esque cast-iron pans. 
Having tried Dinic's brisket sandwich at the Reading Terminal Market not 30 minutes prior, I feel that Dinic's meat quality is much better literally melts in your mouth and much more aggressive seasoning, but the overall components of Paesano's sandwiches work better together resulting in, quite frankly, a better sandwich.The broccoli Robb rivals my Italian grandmothers. The only thing that was bad about the place is that my tears of pure bliss ran into my sandwich and made it slightly soggy and salty.  Be prepared to eat the whole sandwich despite your best efforts to control yourself and only tackle half; you are just as likely to be stuck by lightning while being attacked by a shark as you are to stop at half the sandwich. I am just glad I live far enough away that my health and diet are not compromised.My father, brother and I were taking a drive into Pennsylvania and drove through Philly. It wasn't our destination but we were hungry. So a quick look at Yelp and suggestion from my brother's friend and we found Paesanos. 
It is over in a somewhat rundown neighborhood outside of center city and over on Girard. The place is so small you drive right by it, which we did. But once you get there.... 
Walking in you see a total of eight stools, several cases of Hank's soda and many framed photos all weathered with time. This is a hole in the wall, a dive, a place you don't look at a second time if you don't know what it is but apparently a destination. You have the cook with his Flyers hat on running the flattop grill and a second guy seasoning trays of tomatoes for roasting and trimming some fat off a brisket on a butcher block, getting it ready to cook.  So my guess is everything with the exception of the bread is done in-house. And when your entire space is all but 300 square feet, that is an accomplishment. Small chatter about gourmet cheese and hangovers and it is time to order one of the small selection of sandwiches, 10 to be exact.
Those ten choices are tough, but the Paesano was a suggestion on Yelp and we got the Arista. The Paesano has Brisket, Roasted Tomatoes, Pepperoncino, Sharp Provolone, Horseradish Mayo and Fried Egg. It was meaty and creamy and just a little bit of spice with the hot peppers and the mayo. Then I switched with my brother for the rest of his Arista. That sandwich has Roasted pulled pork, sharp (and I mean sharp) provolone, Broccoli Rabe and long hots. That sandwich was very different but also really tasty and very juicy, but not as messy as the first. They even have a few sandwiches that cater to the vegetarian crowd.
Basically you need to search out this place, wait for a stool to open up and enjoy some really good hoagies.
Go, go, go...... enjoy.I finally had my first Paesano's sandwich after drooling over them after I saw them on the Food Network for their Throwdown w/ Bobby Flay.  I had a little trouble deciding, but finally chose the Giardina which was ooooh sooo good.  The Giardina is one of their vegetarian options with eggplant, mozarella and basil pesto.  My boyfriend got the Paesonos which is the one that was featured on the show.  The sandwich very decadent with beef brisket, fried egg, and provolone.  The sandwich also weighed a ton and was delicious, but a little too heavy for my taste.  
I can't wait to go back and try the Arista w/ suckling pig!I'm happy for you, Dinic's, and Imma let you finish, but Paesano's makes one of the best sandwiches of all time... of all time.
I typically avoid most Caucasian foods (definition: food that does not typically come with MSG). Sandwiches are to me about as exciting as watching fossils turn into fossil fuel. The only Philly sandwich places I voluntarily go to are Rybread and Dinic's (not counting Max's and Chink's for steaks), till yesterday.
With typical hesitation, I let my friends talk me into trying Paesano's. In short, this spot is legit legit. Picture Lebron on the free throw line at the end of the game with his team down 2. Picture Todd Pinkston running a crossing route with Troy Polamalu bearing down on him. Picture Brad Lidge with a 2 run lead in the World Series and ARod at the plate. Paesano's is the polar opposite.
I got the Gustaio to go. By the time I got to eat it, it was cold. It was still, hands down, the most clutch sandwich I've ever had. It was so packed with flavor, I wasn't even slightly tempted to add MSG. That says a lot.This place is a real gem, with great inexpensive food and a friendly, non-fussy atmosphere. The Arista (roast suckling pig, broccoli rabe, longhots, and sharp provolone) is my personal favorite, but everything on the menu is a winner.First, Paesano's is a sibling of Sarcone's. Sarcone's has some of the best bread I have ever eaten. Thus, using Sarcone's bread for Paesano's sandwiches automatically give Paesano's an edge over all competition.
Paesano's Meatloaf Parmesan is the epitome of comfort in sandwich form. It's an amazing version of "mom's meatloaf" ('cause duh, it's fried!) with delicious red sauce and mozzarella on aforementioned divine bread. Even the hungriest person will be full after consuming this sandwich.
I've also tried the Bolognese sandwich, 'cause adding a fried egg always makes food better, which was good, but I think the  Meatloaf Parmesan wins that match-up.
PS. They deliver to Center City office buildings, folks!Got the Arista...  One of the best I have ever had...  Smaller place but the guys working there are great.  
The wife had the the Giardina, which was excellent as well...
Every sandwich on the menu looks amazing...  Can't wait to go back and try another...The chef here is a freaking genius! The sandwiches and to die for! I usually get the Giardina, which has no meat at all and some how leaves you feeling like you did with its yummy roasted eggplant and mozzarella. The paesano is delicious too but the special they had the other day with pork belly and a fried egg might be the closest thing to a perfect meal that I have ever come across. It needs to be added to the menu. The chef also makes killer soups tooIf I could, I would eat here everyday! Today I had the Paesano sandwich and the potato arrosto. The sandwich was perfect...so juicy and flavorful. The potato arrosto is cooked in pork fat and that was amazing as well, especially for $2.I have attempted to eat here a bunch of times but I always seemed to miss its open hours, even though my friend works there and I live around the corner (it closes at 7pm). 
Last night I finally was able to experience the succulence of a Gustaio (lamb sausage) sandwich with sun-dried cherries, gorgonzola and fennel. The Lovely Deanna makes the sausage right there in front of you!!  Everything we got was delicious and I am still full today (but I am a small person). They give you wet-naps because everything is so juicy that it can get messy. I can't wait to go back for the Crispelle (crepe with nutella and apricot)!
It's a small spot, so don't go with a group, but GO!  Go tonight!  And tip the cook ;-)First time to Philly, and first time at Paesano's, and now I may travel two hours back to Philly for this sandwich shop alone! Walking in, I knew I picked the right spot, it smelled authentically amazing as soon as I walked in the door. One thing I have learned over the years, is that the small spot off the beaten path always are THE BEST, with a select menu of about 8 or 9 perfectly crafted sandwiches, it's pretty much a given that they know what they are doing and they are going to do it WELL!  We ordered the Arista and the Tuscan Tony, and legit some of the best sandwiches I have ever had...EVER! I am someone that thought they did not like hotdogs until I came here, I probably will only eat a hot dog if it comes from Paesano's from here on out. The flavor combinations are spot on for each sandwich and my only regret is not ordering 2 more sandwiches to take back on the road with me. I am currently sitting at my desk at work wishing I had a leftover Paesano's sandwich for lunch. The guy working behind the counter was such a sweetheart and very welcoming, he even packed me up some extra roasted potatoes to take back on the road with me (which were delicious by the way). If you ever expand out of Philly, please come to Maryland/DC. I will be your number 1 customer lol. 
Don't go to Philly for the usual cheesesteak experience, come to Paesano's and get a real sandwich.  I rarely write Yelp reviews, so trust me when I say this place surpasses the hype for me to write about it!Gooey, juicy, messy, flavorful.... An EXCELLENT sandwich. Was so worth it. Paesanos is a cute little shop where you walk in and order and seat yourself. Grab a soda before you sit. They have a decent selection of sandwiches and fries if you'd like. I ordered the paesano and it held up to the hype. The meat was cooked perfectly. I loved it. The fries were delicious and not greasy. It was a great meal. When you're done head up to the front to pay and remember CASH ONLY. There is an ATM inside though if you forget.  I'm already thinking of what sandwich I'm gonna try next!I thought "ehhhh, sandwiches, how good can they really be?".... Boy where they good! They were actually pretty amazing. 
First of all, the location is great. They are right in the italian market which means lots of interesting people watching... All the philly hipsters, some old italian men, and a little bit of everything else. The shop is spacious and has some indoor seating. The staff is also very friendly and they dont really rush you.
I had the gustaio (lamb sausage, fennel, cherry mustard, and goat cheese i think). It was pretty darn good. I wanted more... I still want more. My friend had the paesanos which was equally impressive, very tasty, and large. We also shared the potatoes arrosto and even though they were great, we barely had two each since we were both stuck to our respective sandwiches (and sometimes the other person's sandwich).
What a great Philly staple. I will miss you when I leave Paesano's... but until then, I'll make it my mission to try all your sandwiches.This place has spectacular sandwiches.  The only problem is that they lack the rest.  Parking sucks/drink option suck and the counter tops are often grimy and sticky. Everyone overlooks these things because there sandwiches are flat out amazing.  This place could clean up and reinvest in itself and then be a philly staple like pats. 
Fyi. Cash only.This place is amazing. Screw Gino's and Pat's if youre looking for a delicious sandwich. This place is cheaper and a million times better. the Paesano is awesome.I was shook with sheer panic when I thought that Paesano's had left me.  It was sweeet relief when I learned that they'd just moved down the street. Believe me, I was ready to make plans to trek up to Northern Libs to the OG location...cause I can't have you outta my life, Paesan. I will stalk the Hell outta you. *Chilling stare, eyes four-sides white*
I have sampled almost every sandwich the Paesano's offers and they're damn good, I tell you. These are some well thought out sandwiches. Every little touch means so much, I'm sayin... 
For instance, their non-mayonnaisey (YAY) Tuna Italiano has hard boiled egg, green olives, peperoncino, roasted tomatoes, arugula and a sprinkin' of ripple potato chips and it all works like a champ, all these little touches. Enjoy these inventive sandwiches. Do it.
Why am I rambling on about tuna when I could be tellin you about brisket? I love that "Paesano." It's juicy beef brisket, sharp provolone, a sunny egg....Delicious! T
he "Arista " is a fine, fine roast pork sandwich too... Ahhh and the "Bolognese," you cripy fried lasagna thing, you... GOOD! Red sauce, sweet peppers, smoked mozzarella and a fried egg... OH and "Meatloaf Parmesan, " is dope too! 
Please, I will not forget to praise your Italian hoagie either. I can't forget to show some appreciation for that smoked turkey special too... Stataiooch! 
I DO miss being able to sit a spell at Paesano's as I feast cause there's not much seating besides some counter space (which are always taken up of course). 
 Now I have to run home with my sack o' sandwiches as fast as my little feet can carry me...  but I shan't complain... 
 I'm just so happy you're still here being all crazy delicious up in my neighborhood.I dont say this often but one best sandwiches I have ever had.  Order the pesano or diovalo.Here's how it's gonna go.
You'll step in. You'll look at the menu. You'll order a sandwich and eat it.
Then you will plan a return visit wondering which one you'll try next...and curse your stomach for not being able to eat them all.I barely need to say anything - ditto everything everyone else said.  I've had every single thing on the (Girard Ave location) menu and it's all amazing, all of it.  And GF bread now!  Casual, easy, cash-only.  It's soooo gooooooooooood.Authentic atmosphere, cool and friendly folks behind the counter, and scrumptious sandwiches. Not to be missed.I have been to most of the philly cheesesteak staples and so far, Paesano's is the best. Not sure what else to say. The most flavorful cuts of steak I've ever tasted in a Philly Cheesesteak.Make sure you don't have anything planned for a couple hours after eating any one of these sandwiches, your body has a a tough time coping with the sensory overload. The sandwiches are a plethora of awesomeness in each dribbling bite...Fast in, fast out, good food, reasonable price - if you're headed to the Italian market and need lunch before you start shopping, this is it.So let's start with the first sandwich:
Arista-pork and veg- this sandwich had my taste buds singing from the heavens. The whole sandwich had such a perfect balance of savory pork, slight bitter from Broccoli Rabe, vinegary and heat from the Italian long peppers, and that sharp provolone to happily combine all the flavors together.. the roast pork alone had sooo much flavor, I could jst eat it on its own.. but seriously where have u been all my life.
Second sandwich 
Paesano - now this one jst blew me out of the water once I landed from the heavens after the ARISTA.. that tender and juicy beef brisket with a slight kick of the horseradish mayo, then the spice and vinegar flavor from pepperoncino slaps your tongue to prepare ur mouth to taste all the ingredients together. The sharp provolone and egg was like  icing on the cake.
Every item they put in the sandwich had a purpose and was used to enhance the flavor of the whole sandwich. The only thing that saddens me is that it's all the way in philly and not around my corner..Great sandwiches but these guys are so rude! Awful customer service, it's a damn shame because they have delicious sandwiches.Walked to the Italian Market just for this! Got the Arista which was the pulled suckling pork. That one is easy to take out as well because it's not dripping with sauce and juice. The Paesanos was very very delicious but must be eaten ASAP. Big sandwiches!My family and I agreed these were best sandwiches we've ever had in our lives. I hate to abuse the word literally but--literally.  These are sandwiches that will live on in our memories for many years to come, they're that good.  Also friendly staff. Simple place but kid-friendly. In short we loved it, and it was a great antidote to our D'Angelo Bros. experience right before this (see my review) that turned our questionable afternoon at the Italian Market into something great.Amazing sandwiches. The chef is awesome and those parmesan potatoes???!! To die for. I used to work down the street from there and came often since the owner was one of my clients. Small, cramped and quaint, this place churns out some delicious sandwiches!!! Yum!Had the paesano. And what delight. Flavorsome and filling for $9. Ca$h only but there's an ATM INSIDE.I never knew the gates to sandwich heaven were tucked into a small shop off 9th street in the Italian Market.  Don't even question IF you should go to Paesano's but WHEN.  This place is off the charts good and it not only lives up but surpasses the hype. 
I finally was working close by in south philly and had a chance to stop in for lunch.  After hitting the parking jack pot by finding an open space less than a block away my mouth started to water. The entrance is unassuming and the interior is small but has the look of what I think every good sandwich shop should.  There were several sandwich options and they were written in detail over the front counter.
I chose the Paesano and for $8 it was a steel. There is nothing they could do to make this sandwich any better.  Paesano's is now on my short list.A very solid 4. Got the paesano and gustaio. First, the customer service was great. The guys were very friendly and patient. They even directed us to a park where we could eat our sandwiches. 
The paesano was good, need a little bit of seasoning for our palette. The gustaio was very good. Best lamb sausage I've ever had. Excellent. 
If we are in the area, we would definitely stop by. Check it out.If I were on death row then Paesano's would probably be my last meal. I'd order the Arista - suckling roast pig, garlicky broccoli rabe, spicy long hots, and sharp provolone - which is hands down the best sandwich in Philly. The Meatloaf Parm and Bolognese (which seems to only be available at the South Philly location) ain't too shabby either. Please go here and worship Peter McAndrews.Big fan of Peter McAndrew's but Meh...  Used to love the Girard Avenue location.  The Chicken Diavlo is one of my favorite sandwiches ever.  I live much closer to this Paesano's but rarely go.  Had the Arista one time and there was so much fat in it I threw the entire sandwich out.  Got the Paesano one time and it was cold which I thought it was supposed to be?  No...  Got it again and they had put too much horseradish mayo on it.  Sandwiches are a little out there especially if it's not going to be done to high-standards (crispy chicken liver sandwich??  I eat anything but I dunno about that one).  Quality is not as good as Girard avenue location so I normally just only go to that one, if at all because it takes a while to get a sandwich there unless you call ahead.If you're craving a great sandwich this is a great place to go. We both got the paesanos, and  I got mine with a gluten free roll. The roll was great. It was about the same size as the regular sandwich and didn't crumble like some GF rolls. I would recommend this restaurant for anyone searching for a place that accommodates for gluten-free diets. I can't wait to go back and try another sandwich! Remember to take cash!Best sandwiches in the city. Period. Every sandwich has been composed by chef Peter McAndrews of Modo Mio across the street. Each sandwich is put together perfectly, like a work of art. The total being much greater than simply the sum of the parts. Flavors complement each other and intermingle in a joyous party in your mouth. Remember that each ingredient on the sandwich is an important component in the final product so never order a sandwich without everything that it's supposed to come with. Leave the work to chef McAndrews. Lastly, if you can, eat your sandwich at the shop. I know the place is small but I feel a sandwhich from Paesano's tends to lose its magic for takeout if it sits too long in the wrapper. The 9th St locale is probably better suited for this.Forget Pat's, forget Geno's. Go to freaking Paesano's. My lord this place is delicious. Visited Philly for the weekend and actually ate here twice, it was so good we came back! We visited both locations. The 9th ave location has more room, but the NE Philly one is more atmosphere. The cook is there yelling orders, calling girls beautiful, and all around being funny. Get the Paesano or the Diavlo. #JaEatYetThis is one of my favorite sandwich shops. I don't want to say the best because it depends upon what kind of sandwich. Cheese steaks & roast pork, I go to Johns Roast Pork. A Paesano or one of their other specialty sandwiches are second to none. The roast potatoes are decadent. This is a 5 star sandwich shop, worth  the wait. Cash onlyBest sandwiches anywhere.  Period.  The Arista and Diavolo both deliver mouthgasms.  I'd like to try more of the menu but I simply can't deviate from those two.I've tried about half the sandwiches on the menu and have enjoyed every one of them. I really don't think you can go wrong with whatever you choose. Surprisingly (because I'm a big meat eater), my favorite is the Giardina (a vegetarian option), it's amazing.  I considered knocking it down to 4 stars because it's pretty dirty and uninviting inside, but the sandwiches are just too good. Usually we just get them to go and walk over to the little park at 10th and Carpenter.Have been to Philly a few times, twice to this sweet sandwich spot. Few sandwiches can stand up to Paesano's. Definitely worth a trip.Awesome subs,  best I've had in a while. Price for what you get is insanely good.  Subs are packed to the brim.  My sub was pretty much an italian sub my SO ordered one with lasagna in it which was pretty good, I had a bite or two! They only accept cash but they do have an atm inside. Recommend to try! Was a little small and cramped but the food was so good.The best artisan sandwich shop in the 215 now has CHEESESTEAKS. You heard it here first -- Paesano's II in the Italian Market has finally caved to their fanbase's slavering demands and added Philadelphia's number-one contribution to modern society to the menu. 
There's not much more to add to the rave reviews other yelpers have posted. The much-lauded Arista is indeed the most rewarding thing a meat-eater can purchase for less than $10, its savory suckling pig offset with piquant sharp provolone and seriously spicy peppers.
A cold sandwich, the Daddy Wad, is a thick-cut take on the traditional Italian hoagie; that aforementioned sharp prov takes another impactful turn here.  Stinky cheese-haters, beware. 
The beefy Paesano, a drippy concoction of braised brisket topped with a totally decadent fried egg, should indeed come with a side of statins, but what the heck, I'd rather live the short and gluttonous life anyway. 
Cash only. Be sure to phone in your order during prime-time Saturday hours and sporting events to skip a long wait in line.This place is pretty damn good.
Came here a few times and have yet to be dissapointed. Arista with long hots is my go to.
Small space but I usually take my order to go. One of the best in philly.Paesano's is a little sandwich shop on Girard with exactly 7 bar stools and enough standing room to accommodate the 7 people extra waiting for their orders. No big sign, and no bold or flashy colors. You could drive by it 5 times and not see it, which is OBVIOUSLY what happened to me-or I wouldn't have mentioned it!  Parking is not an issue, and is not metered (free!) 2am-8pm for 2 hrs at a time.
Apparently this little shop was featured on the food network-it's claim to fame and popularity booster (told to me by the guy who made my sandwich), but I guess I missed it. It has been on my Yelp radar for a while now, and I had the chance to finally try it! The guys in there are pretty funny, bantering with each other and making digs and jokes. I mean, what else can you do when the line is out the door and you barely have the time for a sip of water? Mindlessly teasing and talking makes the time to your next "phew!" or potty break a whole lot faster. Even though I had initially wanted to grab and go, a counter stool became available, so me and my little Diavlo (read: amazing chicken sandwich) sat down for some real time eating.
Verdict on the meal? Scrumptious! I like the sesame seed bun/bread. Just the right crunch and chewiness after toasting. The chicken was well cooked and the cheese and arugula inside made my heart melt. I liked watching them prepare all the other orders as I ate my sammie. A great little shop that deserves all the popularity coming it's way. It's a bit out of my way, but I am eager to try some of the other special sandwiches. The price runs $6-8, with drinks $1 and some sides for $2. enjoy!One of the real Philly sandwiches (ie. Cheesesteak, roast pork).  Don't mess around, just get the namesake sandwich.  Insane.  Make sure to get the potatoes and a Hank's to wash it down.  You'll be set for most of day.  Bring cash!  I think they might Venmo? If you really need to change it up, the Gustaio is the next best thing, followed by the Diavlo.  One day I'll go to the S. Philly location so I can try the Liveracce sandwich that they don't offer at the Girard location.  In addition, if you are looking for a cheesesteak, you will not find it here unless they have a cheesesteak as a daily special...which is pretty damn good, but you're at Paesanos.  Just get the Paesano.The Zawzeech is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my entire life. I don't live in Philly, but every time I visit, going to Paesano's is a high priority. I wouldn't be surprised if one day I visited the city for the sole purpose of eating a Zawzeech. I think about this sandwich at least once a month, if not once every two weeks.
*Also, this is a specific review for this location. I had the Zawzeech from the Center City location once and for whatever reason it was not as good.Love love love!! As a celiac, I haven't been able to eat a Philly cheesesteak since moving to Philadelphia but who needs a cheesesteak when you can have an amazing sandwich here! We always stop by when we visit the Italian market.A year ago I left N Libs and my request was I must live walking distances to a Paesano's....hence my current location.  Although it moved 1/2 a block farther from mi casa  to a new location, it's OK b/c a typical Paesano sandwich probably clocks in at 900 calories and the extra 50 steps should but a healthy dent into my 1800 calorie meal...yep I eat 2.  The usual suspects are there: Paesano, Daddy wad & Arista ..and my new addition to my food harem...ms.  liveracce- crispy chicken livers w/ salami, gorgonzola and a tangy sauce. The other sandwiches are decent too but the 4 of these sandbitches are part of my regular rotation. I would eat here everyday if that would not lead me to rocking a cup size of a hooter's waitress.Visiting Philly? Forget the usual cheesesteak places- Jim's, Pat's, Geno's. Paesano's kills it, oh and the don't have cheesesteaks. Why? Focus. They do a soup of the day, a salad, a couple simple sides, and what they do best: wide range of sloppy sandwiches. Sloppy in a good way. These sandwiches have so much flavor it makes me drool just thinking about it, oh and you'll need napkins. And the combinations are creatively refreshing- The Arista: juicy roasted suckling pig, long hots, broccoli rabe, and sharp provolone- fagettabout it!The two vegetarian sandwiches we had were indeed delicious.  However, several unsanitary practices we observed unfortunately detracted the culinary expediencethe in a significant way...
 The two sandwich makers not wearing gloves, and picking up pieces of food to eat as they were making the sandwiches, was a little off putting.
 Then, the delivery person came in, he hanged cash to one of the sandwich makers; he took the money, put it in his pocket, and continue making the sandwich without washing his hands...   and to top it off, the cashier came from behind the counter to literally DROP a floor rubber mat down on the ground; it kicked up a small gust dust wind covering our bodies and food with whatever that was on the dirty ground and mat.  
I know, it is a small sandwich shop in the Italian market; but, there should be very basic sanitary rules that that even MacDonald's has to abide by to prevent making your clients sick!!
I give the food 4 stars for taste, but the sanitary practice and experience 1 star.There's not much more to add. The Arista is my favorite sandwhich! The roast pork is juicy and flavorfull, the brocolli raab adds the right amount of bitterness, the provolone balances out the broccoli raab and roast pork, and ofcourse the italian hot peppers add a twist to this beautiful sandwich. Move over Cheesesteak!! The roast pork Broccoli Raab sandwich is the future! 
Oh and just to add, I haven't eaten at John's on snyder, but I think Paesano's beats out dinics at the reading terminal market for sure.Always a great place to go after shopping at the Italian market. The sandwiches are great but the lack of seats and wait time for the food can be hectic. I had a lamb sausage flatbread with grilled onions and fennel and it was delicious. They offer a large amount of gluten free options and some amazing vegetarian offers. 
The menu changes frequently which allows them to be creative and new every time you come in. A great guilty pleasure is their soda selection with Stewart's orange cream soda root beer and black cherry that the unlimited refills makes the wait worthwhile. 
Overall a great choice to go and a must hit when walking the market.It was pretty good. Went down to the Italian Market on a saturday, got some produce, and had lunch and some cannolis. Good day altogether. It was a pain to find seating in the place, however.
I had never had much experience with Italian sandwiches. These were pretty good, but I'm not a big fan of sandwiches anyways. Decently priced, and very large. My girlfriend and I could have shared one and we would have been content.I eat so many sandwiches in my day to day existence that it's hard to get excited by any single one. That's why it's a good idea to take a trip to Paesano's-- to remind myself that heaven can truly exist between two pieces of bread. At Paesano's, that heaven takes the form of delicious pork in their transcendent Arista sandwich. I'd only been to Paesano's in Northern Liberties a couple of times, it's not hard to get to, but I know it's usually packed. Paesano's II addressed this problem with a revolutionary solution: a bigger space and more seating. I was a little worried that there may be more of an attitude here since it was located at the edge of the Italian Market, but the service was just as friendly as the original location. The menu also seemed larger by a couple items. 
Quick tip: a lot of people go after the Italian hoagie here, which is good, but I think Paesano's hot sandwiches are really what impresses. Go all in and save the cold cuts for elsewhere!I love Paesano's.  Here are my tips 1- eat there, standing up if you have to because your sammie might get soggy by the time you get home.  2- do not eat anything before you go here, these are massive sandwiches 3- get the duck fat potatoesThis sandwich shop didn't disappoint - tried the paisano and it was well worth the 15 min wait.  Parking is terrible in the area but if you're walking by, stop in.  Be prepared its cash and carry with limited seating....Are you kidding me. Their staple sandwich is off the wall good. Juicy brisket, horeradish mayo, fried egg, and everything else. This is the perfect sandwich, its so flexible. Breakfast or lunch, it doesn't matter it fits perfectly with either. It's so funny though that this place is in the Italian market though, since the owner is Irish and what not. Regardless this dude knows what he is doing, and I'm glad I got to try this wonderful invention. Now all Philly needs is for Pirmanti Brothers to set up shop in the city limits, then it would no doubt be the sandwich capital of the world.I can only predicate my review on the roast pork sandwich- they totally killed it. Perfectly executed . 
Que Arnold: 
"I'lllll bee baaaack"Lamb, sausage, fennel and cranberry flatbread wrap! The Gustaio! My mouth is watering!!! A mouthful of exploding flavor and oozing sauces. My husband had the classic Paesano, brisket with provolone and my son had the Daddy Da, Italian hoagie. All unbelievable!! The Italian market is such a great part of Philly, we made a stop at Fante's and Claudio's, Paesano is such a non descript low key sandwich shop that you would never know just passing by what a gem this is! WOW! Thumbs up!Some friends and I walked 40 minutes (each way!) in 27 mph wind to have Paesano's for lunch today, and it was worth it.
The Gustaio is as perfect as all the Yelpers have described it (sweet and savory, there really is nothing better)  I am counting down the days until I get another one and can try the Arista.  We waited for about 2 minutes to order at 1pm and seats opened up the moment we paid.  Prices include tax so you don't have to fumble around with change.  Another bonus:  There's a sink in the seating area so if you're like me and have a tendency to end up with a good amount of your delicious sandwich all over your hands, you're taken care of.Tried both the Paesano and the Arista and both were mouthwatering-ly delicious! We ended up at this location because that's where our gps took us but I'm willing to bet that there's no difference in the location. The meats were seasoned to perfection. My Paesano was messy but worth it. No worries because there was a sink in the dining area to wash up afterwards. Very convenient touch. Make sure you bring cash as they recently stopped taking credit cardsIt took us a long time wandering through the Italian Market to find Paesano's (and then even longer when we realized we needed to go to the ATM first) but it was SO. TOTALLY. WORTH IT.
The two sandwiches we shared here were easily among the very best I have ever eaten. They were incredibly flavorful, with fresh, quality ingredients. They were also ENORMOUS.
My fiancé and I split the Paesano (brisket, a fried egg, horseradish, fried egg) and the Bolognese (fried lasagna, and a bunch of other stuff but oh my god FRIED LASAGNA. Oooey-gooey delicious madness!).
They were each mind-blowingly good. I can't decide which I prefer because I enjoyed them both so very thoroughly.
I wish I could get Paesano's to mail me some sandwiches to Chicago so I could enjoy their mind-blowing sandwiches once more. Until next time, Philadelphia!
GO HERE.Had the paesano. And what delight. Flavorsome and filling for $9. Ca$h only but there's an ATM INSIDE.Amazing! Simply Amazing!
I went with someone and shared two sandwiches, the Paesano and the Arista. Comparatively, these were two starkly different sandwiches. One was hot and greasey while the other was colder and more refined. That being said, the Paesano definitely blew away the Arista in my humble opinion.
The Paesano was greasey with a wet fried egg that dripped oil and deliciousness all over you hands and face. That must be what heaven as a fat man is like. The Arista was more bland in comparassion. The meat was actually kind of dry, but well flavored. The veggies were blandish too, I don't know if it was cause I had it while trying the Paesano, but it just didn't do it for me. Normally I probably would've loved it, but paesano gave me flashbacks to The Grease Trucks @ Rutgers in my youth (RIP Grease Trucks).The food here has been absolutely delicious every time I've gone, no matter what I ordered.Arriving into the city and not knowing where to turn for lunch, I reached out via Twitter and got a response that I needed to check out Paesano's for an authentic Philly meal. I'm so glad that I did, because this place was freaking awesome!
Thankfully I read the reviews that said they accept cash only, so I was prepared to pay for my $9 Paesano sandwich. The place was packed, but I lucked out and was able to snag a table as someone was getting up. I've learned two things about Philly: Always carry cash and places are intimate, so plan ahead and be ready to wait. Not a bad thing.. just different.
This sandwich joined together Beef brisket with horseradish mayo, sharp provolone, roasted tomatoes, pepperincino and a fried egg. Everything about this sandwich was delicious.. the beef was tender and juicy and the bread was crunchy in all the right places. Seriously one of the top 5 I've had in quite some time.
I've already decided that when I go back, I'm trying the Bolognese. Who can go wrong with a sandwich that is described as Crispy Fried Lasagna Bolognese, Smoked Parmesan, Fried Egg? 
Another item of note: the fountain drinks aren't what you expect. Diet Rite was the only diet option that had and the other soda choices aren't your normal everyday options. I get the feeling this is more of a water drinking place, and I think I was about the only person who went to the fountain machine while I was there. 
To those who suggested Paesano's to me, I tip my hat and thank you for sharing this lovely gem with me. I couldn't have imagined a better lunch!Okay, I know this establishment has over 300 reviews so why would I add onto something I'm sure someone has already said. Why? BECAUSE THIS WAS THE BEST SANDWICH I'VE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE EXISTENCE, EVER! 
I've bookmarked this place for while now and I just never made my way here but today I was in the neighborhood and decided to give it a go. The sandwich shop is really small but it isn't crammed. Sunlight floods the little place which had a couple tables and bar seats. On the right wall hung all the pictures of people who's been here and on the left is their menu written in color chalk. For those of you who can't see as well, they also have paper menus. I also noticed they had a mini hand washing station on the far left corner. I walked in, ordered their famous Paesano sandwich and a bottled water. The sandwich came up to $9, bottle water $1. If you check in on Yelp you get $2 off a $10 purchase so my total cost was $8! Sweet! Warning they are cash only but they have an atm. I sat at one of the bar stools waiting patiently for my sandwich. At the moment it arrived in front of me, I already had a feeling this was going to be a good experience lol. I opened it up and it was steaming, it was gooey, it was juicy, it was toasty and that's just me touching it! At last I took a bite and for the first 5 seconds I died and went straight to sandwich heaven. Omg, it was explosive, all the different flavors blended so well on my palate. The bread was so perfect, super toasty but soft of the inside and stayed that way until my last bite, the meat was so tender, succulent and moist, the tangy and sweet tomato sauce gave a great contrast, it also came with tangy, spicy horseradish and vinegary, briny peppers, gooey cheese and lastly the most delicious creamy fried egg with the yolk running throughout the sandwich that tied everything together. This sandwich was explosive in my mouth. I still can't stop thinking about it. I will come back and try another sandwich and I encourage you to stop by and try this divine sandwich."The Paesano" is the best sandwich I've ever had. Fried egg, juicy brisket, horseradish mayo... and that bread!The Arista is just amazing. I've tried a few roast pork sandwiches from places like DiNic's and enjoyed them but found them to be a bit overhyped. The Arista here is on a whole different level from your standard roast pork sandwich and this might be the best sandwich in the city.
I've also had the Bolognese which was great although a bit tough to eat.
I came once on a weekend during prime lunch hours and then another time on a Friday afternoon around 11:30...I'd definitely recommend the weekday afternoon if you can make it here then, it's tough to find a place to eat in the shop on the weekend and these aren't the kind of sandwiches that hold up well for take out.Well, I just don't think Paesano's is a great place for vegans.  I can't speak for the meat sandwiches, but the chickpea patty sandwich was mushy and kind of bland.The folks behind taylorgourmet.com in DC must have gotten their inspiration from Paesanos.  They don't come close to the variety Paesano's offers, so go me for moving to a city with an awesome sandwich place!
We had the panelle and bolognese sandwiches.  The chickpea pancake in the panelle was pretty awesome, and the spicy yogurt sauce was great, too.  The roasted tomatos packed a huge punch of flavor; I just wish there were more wrapped up in there.  The bolognese was fried lasagna, and, thus, awesome.  I could care less for the egg on it, but my boyf said it added a necessary creaminess to the sammie.
Worth the 10-15ish wait when its crowded.  At $6-9 a sandwich, definitely a bargain for how great it is, in my view.Two years after my first excursion and more sandwiches than I'd care to admit later, Paesano's still stands among my favorite places to eat in the city. The proportions of bread, condiments, and meats are all in perfect harmony, and the quality of the ingredients truly shines. These are not sandwiches for the faint of heart, with eclectic, indulgent ingredients including roast suckling pig, fried chicken livers, and lasagna. However, they're made with love and a lot of thought. And at under $10 a pop for gourmet sandwiches that will leave you comatose, an absolute steal. By the way, vegheads, fret not. Two very solid (comparable in quality to the carnivorous offerings) options are yours for the taking.
All that can be said of Paesano's has probably been said more skillfully than I could. Still, if you're going to take an out of town guest to a place that exemplifies the Philly ethos, this is it. Unpretentious, full of character, and nourishing, Paesano's is a delicious reflection of our city's attitudes and tastes.
Screw the tourist traps and believe the hype, this is the real deal.While Paesano's makes a bunch of good sandwiches, there's really only one reason you need to go: the Arista. It's the best sandwich in Philadelphia, hands down, and it alone earns the five star rating. Other options are tasty too (although the ever-popular gustaio is way too sweet for me, and not very well balanced despite having some very nice elements to it) - the Paesano sandwich is really good, the veggie-friendly Giardina is one of the best veggie hoagies in the city (maybe better than Chickie's - it's a tough call), and the meatloaf parm is as satisfying on a cold day as the name suggests. Still, I always come back to the Arista. It's truly perfect. Even if there's a line out the door and I know the wait will be ridiculous, I'll happily stand there for this sandwich, and happily shell out $8 for it. Some advice: walk one block west to the little park with the bocce court to eat. The Italian Market is loud, crowded, and dirty, and Paesano's is definitely the former two - not a fun place to eat. Just make sure you don't let the sandwich sit around too long. Once it cools off and gets soggy, it will still be delicious but not as good as when fresh. Also, note the hours -  they close way too early.Think outside the box of a regular Philly cheesesteak. Whoever thought of putting a fried egg into a sub is brilliant! In fact whoever thought of frying a lasagna and sticking it in a sub is genius!
My sister and I got the Bolognese and Paesano and shared because the serving size is quite filling. The Bolognese was mild, while the Paesano had a nice zing from horseradish and banana peppers... both delicious. Skipped the crepe for dessert bc we were stuffed.
We were there today- Saturday right before Easter, around 2 PM when it was not too busy... 10min wait until the sandwiches were ready.  Each was seat filled. Fortunately, a couple stools opened up just as our names were called for the order. I would imagine this place is packed, so don't get upset if you can't get a seat. Good eats, low-key, and pretentious, cash only.Skip Pat's & Geno's, this place makes the BEST sandwiches, full to bursting with flavor and goodness.  Or if you want, go ahead and get some cheesesteaks from Pat's or Geno's or both, and compare them with any of the sandwiches from Paesano's, and I suspect you will, like me, never go back.Had an Italian. Best Italian hogie I've ever had. Bread was fresh and delicious. Meat was top quality. Pickled things were delicious.Best Phili subs you going to get.  A little hole in the wall, but the flavors is robust.  
They close @ 3PMI was just here a few hours ago for lunch and it looked like they were conducting a photo shoot for a sandwich. Rightfully so, as their sandwiches deserve better than a cell phone photo portfolio (which is unfortunately all I have to offer). 
I ordered the Panelle for lunch. The super friendly guy taking my order told me it seemed like Panelle day, since mine was the 6th order of the day. (They had only been opened for an hour I believe). It's not hard to see why. You can file this one under "vegetarian food even carnivores would love". It transcends eating orientations. 
I like that it was encased in a wrap like thing and not a roll. I think the chickpea pancake might be overwhelmed by too much bread. I also liked the fact that the guy who took my order came out and asked me how I liked it. Very friendly service. 
Can't wait to go back to try the other items.