Excelent! Food is wondeful, hot, and fresh! The sushi is far better than your average asian cuisine buffet! We got seated fast despite looking busy and the place was clean and the staff is on point with their service! Definitely a diamond in the rough since it really isn't in a great looking neighborhood! We will gladly be back here in the near future and we cannot wait to bring our friends and family!I like their food. The soy milk is my favor drink and sushi too. Will back again. .......Overall, the food here is quite good and the service tolerable for a buffet, but a word of warning: don't eat or drink too much here. I have discovered that there is an unwritten rule that I've seen applied only to me, particularly as far as drinks are concerned. After consuming approximately 5 or so glasses of soda, the buffet attempts to charge me for additional refills. Since their policy is "all you can eat/drink" this practice is discriminatory. In addition, I find the staff cold and even hostile at times to me when I come in. Do they make money on me? Probably not.  But that's the breaks in the buffet business. You rake most customers over the coals and you lose money on the rare few. You certainly don't try to pressure a customer to leave or apply a restriction to them only. In a perfect world, this review SHOULD result in better treatment. However, I expect that it will not.This restaurant, while having decent food, discriminates against certain patrons. Perhaps they eat more than management would like or they stay a bit too long. Despite that this is an all you can eat, all you can drink restaurant, they do not evenly apply policies to all patrons.Many people said great things about this buffet so my expectation were really high, however I see no difference from this buffet to any other ones. The food was average, maybe if you like crab legs and sushi you might enjoy this buffet. But it takes half an hour for the crab legs to be out again. It's sad that ice cream was the only good thing at this buffet.I went for the first time and the interior was really nice and clean. The sushi was good too but didn't have much sashimi or they didn't have it out, I don't know. The food was good, nothing over the top delicious. The lady at the front desk was just staring blankly when we came in and when we went out. I could use a hello or goodbye lol. Our waiter was kind of bitchy, keep staring. He's name was Rich or Rick? Something with an R. What I didn't like was.. the employees were having their lunch, which is fine. But when I was waiting for the hibachi, our waiter was TOUCHING the burgers on the buffet plate and then took a brand new one he didn't touch. Why would you do that?! Why would you touch them if you're not going to eat them? So dirty!!Delicious and fresh buffet. Sushi was scrumptious and fresh. The atmosphere is very nice for a buffet. Quality food. Was not disappointed for lunch!Best Asian buffet That I have eaten at. Huge selection reasonable prices, fresh and hot.Honestly wasn't expecting much when I arrived at Panasian Buffet this afternoon. It was my third choice within 20 feet. Decided against Pho because I didn't feel like it and already had Cafe Saigon banhmi twice this week already. 
Browsing Panasian Buffet's yelp page showed much props for the sushi section and for $7.99 lunch special, its honestly worth the risk. 
Boy were they right. The quality of fish and extensive selection of rolls came as a surprise. Honestly one of their largest sections. The rolls were well made and comparable to sushi joints in the northeast and much better than typical Chinese buffet's half ass attempt at including Japanese fare.
Downsides are really the parking, really small lot that gets packed quickly and only small selection of Chinese food of average quality as well as a weak HVAC system, really froze my ass off today while eating.  Maybe they want you to leave quicker?
Bottom line, for basically the price of one roll at a Japanese place you can have a full selection already made.It is what it is.
Came on a random weekday and also late for lunch. Selection and service was good. Sushi and sashimi are worth the 8$ paid for the lunch special, but nothing more.
First time I saw pork and chicken feet offered at a buffet.
FYI the soda is 1.25$I decided to try out this buffet on the spur of the moment.  The website showed the highest prices on Friday and Saturday nights so I figured 6:30pm on a Friday should be about as good as it gets.  
If that is the case, then there is nothing here worth making a special trip.  The sushi and sashimi was good, but most of the rest was average at best.   The steamed snow crab legs looked good,  both of them.  There was never enough for the relatively few number of customers so I didn't try them.
One surprise, especially for a buffet like this, was the London broil.  It was tender and had a great grilled flavor.  The steamed dumplings and sticky rice were great too.The sushi was some of the best I've eaten period and the variety of food is wonderful for a buffet. Fresh and a lot of flavor other than the crab legs which need to be steamed/boiled in sea salt at least. Hibachi and Noodle bar and hand dipped ice creams and sherbet. I would definitely go back and recommend this place. I can't believe I passed this by for 15 years but better late than never.Very good.....with great price. They offer quite many types of food that I even do not know which to eat first. Apple pie is very......goodIt's a small buffet.  Not much there.  The sushi bar is small too, the fish isn't fresh- there are better buffets for sushi.  They also load almost every roll with cream cheese and as much as I love cream cheese it is unnecessary.. well I guess it's cheaper for them to stuff it with cream cheese and you get fuller faster....
It just wasn't a place I'd like to go back to.  Food was mediocre, edible but ehh...  Staff mostly seemed unhappy. Just not worth it in any way.Passed this restaurant for years and tried it for the first time today.  Pleasantly surprised with the quality of food & service.  Hibachi section was a little lacking in selections...didn't have my bean sprouts:(( .  Not a sushi fan but the items looked fresh and the other customers were enjoying the food. We will definitely be back for another round :-) :-)Nice surprise for a buffet. Great sushi, sashimi and maki selection, by far one of the best for a buffet I've seen. Neighborhood seems a bit sketchy but the inside is fine. The large food boat display in the middle is really cool. Great for large groups of friends and family.It's a great buffet I believe, they have many kinds of food, on Saturday night. I think the food varies day to day, so make sure you come at good time. I like their sushi and stone crab, it's fresh and tasty. Other seafood are also great and way much better than other buffet I've tried at this place.I understand it was an hour till closing time, so naturally half of the buffet would be devoid of food. I don't mind at all because they're getting ready to leave. But the bill was outrageous. It came out to $85 for four people and a kid. So it was about 17 a person without any seafood being out to eat. I'm sure it's a good place during peak hours and I'll probably change my review if I ever go again. But I doubt I'll go back there for fear of spending that much money for a plate of general tso chicken and riceOn a raw dining score, they get a 3.5.  For a BUFFET, I give them a solid 4.  One has to set expectations correctly.   The sushi was varied, freshly made and well-prepared.  I was there at dead noon, and it was a great selection. I noticed, as my meal progressed, that it did not get replenished and I guess that can make sense because they don't want to waste it after the lunch crowd ceases.
There were some very authentic Asian dishes (pork tripe, pig and chicken feet, various types of whole small fish etc.)  Lots of standard Western fare( the roast pork was great) and mostly the Cantonese standards like sweet and sour chicken / pepper steak.  Fried dumplings were delicious and STUFFED with pork. Buns were  excellent, and the beef and chicken skewers from the hibachi station were fresh off the grill and well seasoned.
All the steam table dishes I tried were hot and many had just been refilled.
There is a Mongolian BBQ style station where you select ingredients and they either cook them on a flattop or microwave them in a back room to pour broth over.  That was fine for the onion and bean sprouts, but not for the slices of round steak.  If I did it again, I'd ask to keep the beef raw to be cooked Pho-style in the broth.
Dessert table had lots of nice fruits, citrus and kiwi etc. Also Turkey Hill ice cream was at a self-scoop station.
Service was great.  My plates were cleared IMMEDIATELY and my unsweetened ice tea refilled (I was asked twice.) 
It seemed very clean.  There was a pretty good number of Asian customers (good sign.) I's probably keep going at lunch, because in my experience, crab legs male people go crazy at buffets, and that can ruin the mood.   As it was this afternoon, there was no fighting or jostling to get any items.I think this place is pretty decent. Close by, reasonable price for all you can eat. Way better than Old Country Buffet.
I mainly go here for the sushi and sashimi.
The only downside are that they charge you for dessert and the parking lot available is horrible.Personally I think this is the best buffet I've ever been to. The place is clean and beautiful. Foods are always coming out fresh and warm and most importantly the foods are delicious. My family and I would definitely go back again and eat there. Overall for the price I'm paying I am very satisfied.Looks can be deceiving. I must admit, I totally judged this place because it always seemed kind of shady to me. But I was proven totally wrong after a visit for a late Sunday lunch. 
After you squeeze into their tight parking and go through their doors, you'll be surprised by the decor inside. It's beautiful and very clean. My favorite touch was the buffet table in the shape of a boat.
The food selection is great, with all you favorite Asian buffet staples. Additionally, certain days feature special items. I even broke my personal rule in never trying buffet sushi. Call me a sushi snob, but everyone would agree freshness is a key to good sushi. I gave it a shot here and was pleasantly surprised not just by the quality but also variety. 
Overall great meal and definitely proven wrong. Would go again.Ive been at buffets all across the country, and this is by far the best in terms of food offerings. From Chinese style seafood to american meat dishes, they are better than many of the larger chain buffets hands down.Love it here. Food was good. Nice and clean. Came on Sunday for lunch wasn't to crowded huge benefit when I live a few blocks away. The price was ok since on Sunday they have all day dinner. It's your typical asian buffet. The food wasn't salty like others I experience.I've been to many buffets, but Panasian is hands down my favorite.  I love sushi and sashimi.  Therefore, dropped a generous tip for the sushi chefs.  They made what I requested, with fresh fish.
The next trip tried items on the buffet.  I was smiling.  Everything was tasty and fresh.  Trays were always being refilled.  My iced tea was a bit weak, but drinkable.  Their steamed buns were the best.  Presentation was great.  
I've been here many times, and will be back for more.  Remember to tip at the sushi bar. 
No restaurant gets 5 stars from me.  Four stars and you know I really like the place.Average chinese food, sushi was ok. But it said sushi and SEAFOOD. Where was the seafood? I only saw salmon and crab.... The food was just like any other place. The only difference being the extra variety of sushi. But if I were you, I'd rather spend an extra 10 bucks at an actual sushi buffet.This restaurant just opened and I personally think it's a very special place. The design, food, and environment is just mesmerizing. If you haven't been here I highly recommend that you at least check this place out.The food is still good...when it's out there.
I say they do a pretty good job when it comes to doing their best to refill their crab legs and lobster claws, and pretty much everything else, especially at the pace the greedy customers try to take everything at once.
They even have a new menu item, these amazing ribs that were absolutely phenomenal!
However, the sushi chefs are either extremely slow or don't care.
The new sushi chefs are not very friendly, compared to the chefs they had last year.
I waited for over 1 hour and the chef never put out any new sashimi which is inexcusable. 
If the kitchen can refill the crab legs and lobster claws around 5 to 6 time during that time frame, then the Chefs can definitely refill the sashimi at least 3 times.
I come at dinner for the sashimi, not the same rolls that I can get at lunch for almost half the price.
Another funny thing is, they also raised all the prices during a time where they lost a lot of clientele. Raising the prices is a great way to keep even regular customers from coming more often. 
They also discontinued giving a 10% bonus on their gift certificates of $100 increments. 
Surprisingly at a restaurant, the food isn't what left a bad taste in my mouth on my most recent visit.I would highly recommend for all the sushi and seafood lovers to try this new restaurant. I personally think this is the best buffet in the town. They served variety of seafoods such as crab legs lobster clams crawfish n much more. They also have large selections for sushi and everything is fresh. And if u are not (seafood lovers) they also have other traditional foods to select from. One thing I really enjoyed and amazed were the design of that restaurant. I had a really great time there!Last Year Lunch Was $7.99
Last Week Lunch Was $8.50
Today Lunch Was $9.99
I didn't come here expecting to pay almost Dinner Prices...
If I was given the option, I'd rather pay the extra $3 for Dinner, and get the crabs, clams, roasted duck, lobster claws, sushi nigiri, and sashimi.
It's ridiculous to charge that much for lunch.
Also, there used to be a lot more variety of Sushi Nigiri for lunch, now they only have 2 types, and the rest are all Sushi Maki, or rolls.
Yet, they charge more than ever.
Great business decision.
Good Luck.
Good Riddance.The first visit there was GREAT. Went with a bunch of friends and it's byob so we brought along some beer. Dinner was $13-$14 pp plus drinks and that's pretty cheap. Plus I checked in and got 10% off. 
It's a buffet so it's not the best quality but it was better than most spots I've been to. The place is clean, service is decent and there's a lot of options. 
I went again a week later and the food wasn't as fresh. I had the lo mein and there was definitely something wrong with it. I think it was spoiled. Other than that one item everything else was fine. 
They have sushi. I didn't try it but my friends seem to enjoy it.I went on New Years Eve and had a blast. The food, beverages and desserts was good. I would come and enjoy again.I been to a lot of Chinese buffets this one I have mixed feelings about. yes they are crabs legs which they bring out every 30 mins but only enough to feed 4 people. my daughter really wanted some waited 1 hr half but could not compete with the running and grabbing over a few legs. nice sushi bar. habachi looks limited but the men who are cooking food never acknowledge you . not many selections seen way betterSo, I finally tried dinner, and OMG! For $13.99 you CANNOT beat this place!
Their crab legs aren't salty,
Their duck is really good,
Their crawfish is good,
Their sushi, sashimi, and rolls destroy other buffets, and are actually just as good or better than the other high priced Sushi Buffets in the area, that cost twice as much or more than Panasian.
Their service has also improved as well.
The only problem I have now with this place, is the hostess. Very rude, no welcome when you come in, or thank you as you leave. Seriously, if this place got proper management to train their employees, they would make so much more money in tips, and more flow of customers, b/c food wise at this price, you can't compare.Terible customer service. I buy a box to go, i ask her how much for one pound she said " i dont know" then point that the box. I ask again then she said everything is 4.99 and sushi is 7.99. I fill my two boxes with everything include few shrimps. When I come out she charge me 8.50 per pound. When i ask she said it is the price for seafood and she told me already. The whole box was charge as seafood just because of few shrimps. I said I dont want it but she force me to buy it and would not let me go. Worse than bad customer service. They are cheater, stealer, and abuserI am surprised. The interior design is sophisticated for this new-ish buffet. The parking lot has been sketchy for decades. What a difference walking in. I ate for an hour on a Monday evening leaving before 6pm. Not many children around so that meant the buffet was clean and quiet. I enjoyed the sushi and stir fried lobster. The food was not salty at all. I did not suffer later from headaches or dehydration like other buffets. I would come here again!The quality of the food is so subpar, it's not even fit for my canine companion.  There is an underlying metallic taste to the fried foods which was rather distressing.  It seems that they are using the cheapest type of frying oil that exists today, probably soybean oil.  The putrid aftertaste forced me to brush my teeth immediately after eating.
Service is barely acceptable.  What can you expect when the laborers are only making $3.00 per hour?  I would feel like crap as well.  
I have to reiterate this observation, the food is terrible, I couldn't continue eating it because it started to make me sick.
Don't waste your money and irritate your lower intestinal tract by eating here.  You will regret it.  It really is that bad.Stopping in for the first time.   Wonton soup was just broth,  no Wonton.  Cocktail shrimp were unusually small and hard to peel.   Other food offerings were lukewarm .  I will not be revisiting this buffet againPanasian Buffet's sushi is on point when you arrive at the right time like we did today. We came in at noon for lunch and there was a plethora of freshly made sushi. Now Sunday is also an all day dinner price. So with your sushi, you can have crawfish, crabs, etc. I highly recommend it!So I recently came for dinner, in what's been a really long time, because I haven't been happy with their price changes, menu changes, and always their lack of customer service, especially their management, front desk, and that one guy that cooks everywhere, recently at the sushi bar the last year or 2. 
Overall, the food was pretty decent. Except for United Buffet's Poke Bowl, they were far better than United.
Few Disappointments...
They charge the same price for dinner as they've always had...
YET....
No Crab Legs, No Roasted Duck...
No Lobster Claws which they had offered once they stopped serving Crab Legs a while back...
This time around, not much Sushi Nigiri if any. It was 95% Sushi Rolls.
Service is decent as usual, better than most Chinese buffets, not by much, but better.This place really surprised me. It has a very large selection of food. They have traditional buffet food, plus extras. The sushi selection is large. They have hibachi style in the back, and pho. There is a variety of soups on the side. For a buffet, the food tasted decent as well. 
I only came for lunch, but wish I had come for dinner so I could try the extra seafood dishes they advertise for lunch. This is one of the best buffets in Philly (that's not saying much though). The price is not bad either. I'd come back.A good buffet, service was good , a great variety of different foods, atmosphere good, wait staff friendly and helpful.  enjoyed being there for lunch.  Will go back again and take others.I was eating out with my friend and I had there chicken wing and I saw a bit of pink in there and I complained i was silent but now I think about it I think it's wrong that they would serve raw chicken also there sushi isn't fresh it tasted off and unfamiliarCame here around 2:50 2019-07-23 and they appeared closed. Their glass door and windows were dirty and smeared so I could barely see inside and couldn't see if anyone was inside at all.I pulled on the right door and it was locked so I decided to look on line to see if they were still open for business and there was no evidence of their closing. I decided to go back and try the other door. It opened and once I got past the dirty doors and windows I could now see other people inside eating. This place has been getting worse over the years; maybe that now they're under new management we can all expect better things, better food and less to no sugar added to foods that shouldn't have it.Looking at the reviews of the past year for this restaurant makes me suspicious that they have been written by competitors vs. ordinary folks!  The food has always, always been decent.  It's a buffet so you cannot expect a plate cooked JUST for you!  The options are amazing with enough choices to feed a "picky" family.  It is true they  have had to cut back on some of the selections - that's to keep the cost in check.  Prices for everything, everywhere have risen [markets, gas, appliances, doctors, etc., etc.] so of course they have had to make difficult choices to keep their prices reasonable.  Sushi selections are more than plentiful at dinner as is the overall choices of food from fish to meat to vegetarian.  Having written this, I plan to go there again tonight - yum yum!This isbthe best buffet I ever been. Everything is fresh, they have many options. Usually the sushi in buffets is not good, but here is the exception. Sishic as everything else is good.Great place. But the waitress was kicking me out while I was working on my computer after my meal. 
She was very rude. Food is good tho. Will come again. Will tip less.the only good part is the sushi and sashimi. i'm surprised that they have octopus sashimi during dinner time. so far other food aren't that impressive. sushi and sshimi is what i'm here for.The reason why I'm giving it a 3 and instead of a 4 is because there's not enough food but I do give it credit that there's a lot of sushi variations compare to other buffets which is a plus. When you walk in you see a very nice displayed wall water fall. U go to the table and say the X amount of people u have. They bring you to your table and they ask what kind of drinks you want. After if you want to sit down and wait for your drinks or go to the food immediately. When I went it was literally a journey just walking around looking for the food I want. Wish it was bigger TBH. But their food is actually good here. There are many buffets in Philadelphia where the food is dry, cold, or not good but this place is pretty good. Their sushi is not that bad also. I'm not gonna say it's fresh or made to arrival (if you know what I mean) but the sushi is very good. The service is like any other buffet place, they get your drinks, pick up any empty plates/trash, they refill your drinks, you ask for the check, you pay/leave tip, and you go enjoy the rest of your day thinking if you want to come back. Overall rating 3/5.I don't usually like buffets like this but the maki selection here is great. Plenty of raw options and very well stocked. I come mostly for that every once in a while for lunch.Very decent for the price! I found this place through YELP review and Im so happy I came here. Between hibachi, roasted duck, lobster, clams, steak and sushi among others this place was exactly my liking. The sushi was a little questionable but still decent. The waitress went out of her way to show me the freshly served lobster and scooped almost a whole plate for me. Thats very generous!! For 12.99/person wednesday night, I say this would be a local and to go spot for food everyone can enjoy! The location has a small parking lot but located in a nice seating area. In the area? Definitely try it out!
***Address is incorrect! 781 Adams Ave****I starved myself all day in preparation for going to battle at the Panasian Buffet. 
First tip of buffet warfare: Scout your enemies. My stomach growled and my eyes lit up. I was super impressed with the huge variety and the fact that the food was presented so nicely at the buffet tables.  
There were stuffed crabs, stuffed clams, octopus which I found super interesting, crab meat, crab legs, ribs, pork, fish, dumplings, rice, noodles, soups, salads, hibachi... the list goes on and on. They even had the largest sushi selection I've seen and I normally don't  go anywhere near the sushi at a buffet but it looked so enticing that I just had to try it. It was ALL delicious. Whatever was supposed to be hot was hot, whatever was supposed to be fresh was fresh. The food I had could have very easily been served to me by a waiter and I would not have known this was "buffet food".  This does not mean I don't know good food... it just means I know when something is better than I would have ever expected it to be.
Service was on par. The plates that were used were promptly removed from our table, refills were immediately offered and I saw someone bringing out food all the time. I was really surprised that they served such nice food at a buffet place for such a great price and it is definitely a place I will continue to visit at lunch or dinner. 
Additional tips to come out victorious in any chinese buffets:
1) Devour as much seafood as you can.
2) Stay away from fillers such as noodles and rice
3) Order tea or water instead of soda! 
4) Chi he wan! It's chinese for eat for fun! It's a buffet, not a fine dining restaurant!My husband and I had an early dinner here tonight.  We both thought it was great!  It is an excellent example of the type buffet that has  some Asian & American food, sushi, & seafood.  It was definitely worth the $29.50 for dinner for two.  I would especially recommend this lace if you like peel and eat shrimp & whole crabs!Went there yesterday around 5pm. I read a lot of reviews before, and was a little skeptical. But I must say that I had a very pleasant experience. The staff was friendly, the food was really good. My only complaint is that the sushi wasn't the best. But what do you expect at a buffet. My son and I had an amazing time, and he agrees that we will definitely be back.Wow. Just wow.
Having been a regular for many years now, I am appalled at how much management/ownership appreciate the business of their regular clientele.
The serving team definitely appreciate your business especially the servers that have been here for a long time, and go out of their way to give the best service that they can.
The management/ownership act like they don't care whether you come or not. They are very pompous in their interactions with you, stone faced, never smiling, never any greetings, and although the food is great, you end up leaving with a bad taste in your mouth.
Especially after the huge fiasco they had recently on social media, you'd think that trying to gain new clientele and keeping their regular clientele would be a top priority on their list.
The food is good, but for a proper experience, you need the combination of both good food and good customer service on all parts. They are lacking in the latter for sure. Servers are fine, but management needs to step up their game.
As of today, this restaurant will never see a dime of my money ever again.Roaches were everywhere. When we confronted an employee about it, she brushed it off like it was nothing. It was absolutely disgusting to see them in the booths and next to our food. Won't ever be going there again.Its the best chinese buffet i've came so far. I give 4 stars just because the crab legs didnt come at all when i was there for 1,5 hours. Or maybe it came and gone right away. However i didn't see them refilled it. Sushi and sashimi is quite fresh for buffet. And hibachi taste good too. Btw i didn't get the ice cream. For 13.99 dinner, its a good price.
Btw the address is wrong. Its not 833. And its kinda hard to find the place if you're not familiar with the areaOne of the best buffets I've ever been to.  Excellent selection to satisfy anyone's desires.  Top quality sushi and many, many choices of pieces to pick from.  Waitresses constantly available and clear the tables constantly.  Plates never pile up.  Difficult to stop eating as each item is so very appealing and delicious.  Nice ice cream bar for dessert only with a variety of pastries and fresh fruit.  Try this buffet and you will be quite pleased.Updating my review. Went today for lunch (they were serving "dinner all day" so it was $15 compared to whatever lunch usually is.) I don't know if this is a permanent policy, but I guess it put some extra seafood dishes out (raw oysters, stone crab, etc.) Without shell crackers, stone crab is pretty much decorative. Anyway, I pretty much filled up on sushi which was FAR better than one would expect from this or any buffet. It doesn't get refreshed much, so get there early. It was easily worth the price just for the sushi. Fresh nigiri and creative rolls.Love this buffet!!! This is the best buffet to go to. It's in decent location and it's clean. I was surprised to find out how affordable it is to eat here. The food selection is plentiful. You have fruit, soup, sushi and grilled foods. They also have crab legs which I suggest you keep an eye on the swing door for the staff to come out with the pan of crab legs. It's a good place for big groups too.Amazingly fresh and delicious for the price! I was hesitant to come here be from the outside it seemed ghetto but it's actually really good. The sushi is super fresh and they have roast pork, pigs feet, rosy duck and a variety of skewers among the usual Chinese buffet items. 
$13.99 for dinner on a Sunday? Can't beat that!Clean!!! An affordable with plenty of options One of Few places I would recommend to family and friends.I greatly enjoy panasia or these reasons. That had lobster claws during dinner, king crab leg , the big dungeon crab, all the norm other stuff. But tasty food I really liked the sesame beef, I liked the grilled bar in the back. Great selection and wonderful valueI would give this buffet 3.5 food wise . Coming from Boston I've had better . But this buffet , I would rate it the second best in the city , my first being ruby buffet other than the one time bad experience I've had there . But this is the only buffet by far that I know serve lobsters . My number one thing which I usually come for . 
My waitress was very attentive . So that's a plus .A very good selection of sushi and sashimi....by far is the BEST ever served in a buffet. 
The neighborhood is not the safest or nicest but to do a quick drive in for dinner would be at your own risk.
I sincerely hope that they hire an armed security officer like Serabol Restaurant.The 2 men that make the sushi HATE IT when people take sushi! They always try to intimidate you and stare you down when you are taking the sushi and especially when you are taking the sashimi. I thought this place was a buffet? Why can't I take some sushi?! Do you get a bonus at the end of the day for saving as much sashimi as possible? Because other than that, I don't see no other reason for them to "save" the sashimi. 
I've been coming here instead of the other Chinese buffets because of their great sushi selection but if they're going to be cheap and rude about it, then forget it. When I went yesterday, there was absolutely no sashimi. I guess it's off the menu now?So my family and friends love this place out of all the Chinese buffet in Philly. (There isn't a whole lot).  It is one of the better buffets in general. When it comes to Chinese buffet you get what you pay for. And it's more about filling your belly for less so the standards are different. 
PanAsian is spacious, good food variety and seems to be among the cleaner places. Overall, I recommend coming here. Base on Chinese buffet standards, I would give the place a 3 and half stars but will round it up. I know giving any buffet places 4 stars is a lot, but like I said it's a on a different scale.1. The neighborhood: downright scary. It's located on a very busy intersection with cars blowing smoke in your face. The parking lot is dirty. Lots of unhappy faces around. Overall impression: urban misery at its finest. 
2. Interior: Worn down and uncozy but all right for what it is. 
3. Staff: OK staff, no dirty dishes and polite. We left a 20 percent tip without hesitation. Not a smile in sight though.
4. Food: Hit and miss. Some dishes are much better than others. 
Good: pork ribs are amazingly soft and juicy. All kinds of mystery meat a-la "general tso's" - outstanding, soft, juicy, meaty, unexpected. The classic fish meatballs surrounding a single shrimp - excellent. Flan is so so, edible. Fruit is good and fresh.
Bad: Sashimi is not fresh, eat at your own risk. Rolls: better choice than other buffets but overall 2 stars. Korean ribs had very good charbroiled flavor but undercooked, very tough, and chewy. Could've been great if given more "low and slow" time. Some dishes are too salty. Ice cream is full of ice crystals, low quality.  Jello has too much gelatin in it, very rubbery :)) 
Ugly: Go back to number 1. Bad neighborhood, bad atmosphere, nothing can fix it. + watery diarrhea 1 hour after due to sashimi. The rest of the company abstained from sashimi and were OK. 
5. 3 adults, 3 kids - 80 dollars with tips. 
Could you do better? Maybe... 
Will we return? No.This rating is closer to 3.5
When Panasian first opened, it was worth a 4.8
Panasian for the first 2 or 3 years of its opening, was the BEST Chinese Buffet in the Philadelphia, Montgomery County, Bucks County area, and dare I say, one of the best $8 Chinese Buffet lunches in the world. 
The majority of the pictures I am posting will be from that era.
Their servers were better than most buffets, but their food and selection used to be INSANE.
Their food is still decent, but not where it was during their prime.
The employees at the front have always been rude and nasty, but their servers, the people that used to work at the sushi bar and hibachi grill were friendly.
Oh, how I miss the Panasian of old.........
It is still a better destination that most Chinese Buffets out there, but it used be on a different level...So far I've only been here for lunch, but this place is A-OK with me!
Can't wait to try out dinner.
The only knock on this place, along with pretty much every Chinese Run Buffet, is their service. Horrible service. The only Chinese Run Buffet that had great and friendly service was Tokyo Sushi Hibachi in Bensalem, which is now closed. 
If Panasian could hire the servers that had worked there, then this place would do so much better business wise, and the servers would make so much more tipwise.
Throughout the entire meal our server was cold, never responded to our thank you's when she cleared our plates, never offered to refill our drinks, but OF COURSE when we left a $10 tip, compared to the $1-$3 tips per table they are used to getting, then all of a sudden she speaks English and says, "Thank You Very Much!"
Seriously......
Thank God the food is worth coming here for..
They have really good kabobs, decent Pho, really good hot foods, General Tso's is better than most places, their Chicken Teryaki is terrific, they have a great selection of rolls, and their nigiri is passable, Rice Wraps, and even chicken and pig feet!
The restaurant is also very clean, and has a nice decor considering it's a Chinese Buffet.
Will come again often. Hopefully, they'll remember us and give better service next time.My favorite buffet. The food is actually of quality here not just bland and watery like some other Asian buffets I've been to. I love sushi and they have a large sushi bar with plenty of options.Favorite items: Pork loin, crab rangoon, sushi, cheesy spinach, beef short rib. I can't stress how much the sushi was fresh fish and good ratios of fish to veggies and rice! Usually buffets don't put as much fish on the sushi, but the guy saw which rolls I was eating and made sure to keep the sushi bar stocked with things I'd like. 
Mashed potatoes were alright as well, and the soup area had over 4 or 5 options, with the hot and sour soup being the favorite that I've had in a bit from Chinese spots. Even with not many people coming out, the buffet was fresh, hot, and everything that was out was edible, presentable, and quality.