Wish I could say that this meal was worth the trouble. Unfortunately I didn't find the pizza impressive, which is saying something because I don't have high expectations when it comes to enjoying a simple slice of pizza.
My main complaint was with the service. My friend and I called to order a bruschetta pizza, which was listed as mozzerella cheese, chopped tomato, basil and white wine garlic sauce. It sounded amazing. When it arrived, my friend quickly deduced that it also had ham on it. They're lucky she caught it before I, a vegetarian of 18 years, accidentally caught some (not so easily discernible under layers of cheese and large chunks of tomato). When I called back to inquire what was on the pie, I was told the same thing the menu said. I told them about the ham and the guy said there wouldn't be ham on it. He then asked me to hold and came back and said "it's just prosciutto." I informed him that's still meat and he spent a very pointless 30 seconds trying to convince me it wasn't before abandoning that tactic and rudely asking me if I wanted a new pie. I repeated for the thirteenth time that as I was a vegetarian, yes, I didn't want pizza baked with ham on it. 
So they sent a new one over and after I showed the delivery guy the pizza that in fact had ham on it, he told me they wanted it back. Which I guess I'm not too fussed about since my friend doesn't eat ham either. As it is, I never got an apology or any sort of retribution for their error. Or even an explanation why they thought it would be okay to throw some ham on a pizza without it being requested.Worst Experience:   Ordered a tomato pie with extra-extra garlic.  They used extra-extra garlic salt,  not one piece of actual garlic.  Pizza tasted like solid salt water. Delivery guy calls from outside to let me know he is there.  I answer the phone and head down the steps.  As i get to the door he raps on the glass with a bottle, waking up two people in my home @ 11 p.m.   Manager said the best he could do is give me 10% off my next order.  Does the other 90% include disturbance of the peace and a bag of salt on a shingle?I have lived three blocks away from this place for two years and just stopped in for the first time this weekend.  I'm sad that I'm moving in two months and just discovered the tastiness!  We ordered a medium 4 Canti pizza and some garlic knots.  Note:  even for two hungry cows like ourselves...that was WAY too much food, but order it anyway and take home the leftovers, which were super delish EACH time we heated them up.  The guys working the counter were super nice!  They have this cute little "garden seating" section in the back & when my fiance and I mosied back to have a seat, they immediately came out and lit the tiki torches for us.  It is a nice neighborhood spot...if you are in the area it's worth stopping by. Thanks Paolo's!Found this place looking for real food to eat close to the Last Drop down the block.  Looks like your standard Italian pizzeria, but they make some mean Italian variations on the cheesesteak, which were only offered as a daily special.  Large booth tables, with a comfortable uncrowded atmosphere.  Friendly staff to boot.Worst pizza. The place is dingy, loud, and greasy. Everyone who works here is rude and lazy. You would be better off just about any where elseI have never been inside here, but get delivery from time to time. It is usually good and fast. The pizza is average and has a good amount of toppings, but in balance with other ingredients. Hoagies and steak sandwiches are run of the mill. I don't live far but delivery is always here within 30 min., it has never been too long by any means. Fine by me!!!ok crust, plenty of toppings, overall kinda soggy from delivery.Beautiful pizza pies. I recommend actually WATCHING one of the piemakers practice their craft. It's so simple, so pure, that it makes you realize that pizza isn't a "not-good-for-you" food, it's really a complete meal. After watching a man make a Paolo Special, I knew this was the very pie I wanted a piece from. 
        It did not disappoint. The pride on the faces of the employees is also in their art, affecting the end product, which is consistently fantastic. Their offerings are impressive, high quality, diverse, and affordable. The space itself invites comfort and socializing, which I'm sure is only ameliorated by the availability of alcohol. 
         Although not my FAVorite pizza joint, a solid 5-stars is well deserved in a city that is sorely lacking in good pizza. (I'm convinced it's the water.) But, if you are faced with a wall of delicious looking choices and a menu board boasting tasty items and you find your head spinning, take a breath, just relax, and ask for a slice of the Paolo Special. Trust me.Paolo's is the BEST! when i first moved to philly in the beginning of july they were renovating, and my friend hannah and i decided once they opened we would go. so once they did we went. they have the most amazing pizza ever! my favorite is their white pizza, yummm. when my parents came to visit me one weekend i took them there, when  i went out for lunch with john, we'd go there. my friends and i all agree once you eat paolo's you never go back, it's that amazing. plus they recognize you. omar is the guy that usually makes the pizza, he is the sweetest guy ever. after a while whenever i'd come in he'd greet me with a hey babe and a smile. the other guy i think is paolo. and he's the head guy and you know you're getting real italian food cos he's actually from italy. he called me princess whenever i came in. and for my roommate's suprise birthday party we had ordered a small pizza and they made us a large and only charged us for a small. it is the best pizza place ever and i would recommend it to anyone going to philly :]Good Pizza - Lack of Attention to Customer
I ordered several dishes last night. Their Mamma Mia Special Pizza is good, with a very well made roasted garlic. The onion rings lacked salt and the garlic bread was slightly undercooked. But that's where I stop. I explicitly wrote on all my orders and as a general comment "NO bell peppers or chili peppers please - allergy", but the 2 salads and the chicken dish I ordered all had green bell peppers. Hence, uneatable for me. I had also ordered a soda, that was forgotten. The gentleman who made the delivery was prompt and courteous though.This place has a ton of good meat-free combinations for toppings - portobello mushrooms and roasted garlic, spinach & peppers, bruschetta, margharita, etc.
I really like their style - it's not the typical layers of sauce, cheese, and toppings.  It's more like all of those things are dispersed around the pie.  They also use a lot of herbs and whole pieces of roasted garlic, which are nice touches.
I'll admit I'm not a fan of Philly pizza, but this is my current go-to place for delivery.Their eggplant pizza is delicious! I'm not a vegetarian or anything, and I normally don't even like eggplant. I moved away from Philly many years ago & I can still taste it. MMMMM. The service is great, too. They're very friendly. I always try to hit them up when I'm visiting.OK, first off... the pizza here is NOT good. It's not unbearable but definitely not the best. The thing to try is their chicken cheese steaks. You can get just a classic chicken, cheese, & ketchup or go for something like a spinach & garlic one. You can pretty much get anything on it.  Very delicious & at a great price.
The only reason I give it 3 stars is because it IS a pizza place that serves mediocre pie. I would give it at least 4 if it was a famed chicken cheese steak joint.Just had some pizza and it was great! I'm making it a regular spot when I'm working in this area!I honestly have not had anything from here besides the Margherita pizza. But damn is that a tasty pizza. It's so good that I am scared that if I try anything else from here I'll be disappointed. The other awesome thing about this place is that after ordering delivery from here once, they have your address saved into their computer. So if I've had a few too many and can't find my way home, I can order a pizza, have them recite my address, and then I can get home. Then shortly after getting home I'll have an delicious pizza at my doorstep. It's pretty amazing.Honestly I cannot get enough of paolo's. This place has become my go-to pizza spot. I've tried countless places in the area and this place has been consistent and delicious. I've never ordered anything other
Than pizza and salad, so I can't speak for anything else, but the pizza is as good as you can get in the area.This is one of my favorite pizza places in the city. First, it has a great selection of slices you can get in an instant. Try a slice of the bbq chicken or the white with ricotta or the crazy veggie slice. With so many to chose from, you'll keep coming back.  
Second, order pizzas ahead of time. Get a large 4 Canto and add mushrooms, or get the incredibly delicious Pizza Ortolana. Whatever you choose, you probably can't get it elsewhere in the city. 
Third, the hoagies and sandwiches are worth it. I will get an Italian hoagie, and it's served nearly open faced. The cuts of meat, cheeses, and veggies are quality and fresh. Add a little vinegar and olive oil to finish it off deliciously.
Last, let's talk price. It's not cheap, and that's my only drawback. $3.25 for a slice of bbq chicken feels steep. I would be happier paying $2.50. BUT you pay for the free wifi and two flat screen TVs (and the solid quartz tables, mind you). This is a great place to chill, have great pizza, and have a beer (it can be BYOB, but they do sell beer, too). I keep coming back here and that shouldn't change.I have been working across the street lately at the Symphony House and needed a super quick bite to eat, especially since it was raining cats and dogs!   So even though I was only in Paolo's for about 15 minutes for a quick two slice lunch (white with riccotta / meatball), I have to say I was pleasantly impressed.  More over, I'm wondering why I have never heard of this place.  Surely Paolo's goes on the top five list of best pizza in the city!  I'll reserve a star for now for my second visit once I get to venture out a bit over the menu.I'm not sure how many reviews it will take to get the message across to the owners of this place (having read the ones before mine), but I'm going to add mine to the pot in the hopes that the owners will finally fire their delivery guy. It sounds like he's been rude to others before me, but I may have the dubious honor of being the first person he's made cry.
I was in Philly on vacation with my boyfriend, and after a night of trekking around the city, we were cold and tired and went back to the hotel. I placed an order for cheesecake, and about 45 minutes later got a call that the delivery was in the hotel lobby. When I got to the lobby, I couldn't see the guy anywhere, but as I went to check the front door area, he came in through a side door, put the bag on a table near his door, and bolted out the door before I could even walk over to meet him. Stange, but whatever: I had cheesecake.
I got a fork from the front desk and started untying the knot in the bag as I rode the elevator back up to my room. That was when I noticed that while one side of the cheesecake was cut and smooth the way you'd expect, the other side looked like it had had bits chipped away from it, as if someone had been eating it. Looking at it closer, it looked like someone had used a fork to eat some of it. Needless to say, I was grossed out.
When I got back to the room, I called Paolo's to ask what might have happened. A woman answered the phone (Colleen I think), and when I explained she sounded a little incredulous but was still polite. I offered to send her a picture, and called back a minute later to see if they'd gotten it. At that point, Colleen abruptly said "I have the delivery guy for you" and passed him the phone. From the get-go he was really angry, suggesting that I was accusing him of eating the cheesecake. I said I wasn't, but was wondering what might have happened. He said several more times that he was angry that I was "accusing" him of eating it, and then said "really, I think you ate it. I think you get the cheesecake and think 'oh I don't like this', and you call us to try to scam us for different cheesecake." I insisted to him that I had not eaten the cheesecake, but that I just wanted to be able to eat my dessert, which I didn't feel comfortable doing with a half-eaten slice. He told me it was too small an order for him to bother coming out to bring a new slice, and used the word "scam" about 5 more times. By the end of it, I felt so attacked and yelled at that I was crying. He hung up on me, and when my boyfriend called back to see why, he got Colleen, who assured him that the delivery guy was on his way over with a new slice.
Later, I got a text back from Colleen (who I'd sent the picture to), apologizing again about "the way he just talked to you" and offering free cheesecake next time I ordered. Eventually, I got the new slice, which was cut normally on both sides but a little bland, with a gelatinous strawberry topping.
The short version: worst delivery guy ever, pretty bland cheesecake.I love Paolos and I really don't order from anywhere else around me. I've ordered pizza from a lot of places and this is by far the best. 
The reason I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 though is because pizza is really all their good at. I've tried a lot of their appetizers and some people I've eaten with have had steaks, wings and burgers but everything was pretty disappointing. I wish they would try to raise their bar on everything else but the pizza doesn't get much better!You know how I said I'd never come back? Well, you see I was pretty hungry and they're so close and it's so cold I figure, why not? let's go! Their hours say they close at 12. I came in at 11:40 and they were closed. 
I ask you Paolo, why? First you charge me 30 dollars for a pizza with chicken. Now you don't even want to serve me because you washed the floors. They hadn't taken away the pizza, hadn't closed the registers, they just wanted to close early and thought, why serve these cold women? 
I'll tell you why. Because now I went to mama angelina's and had the best pizza steak ever, I won't be coming to you again. And not only will I never enter your business with my money, I'll let everyone I know not to come near either! RUDE.THE BEST PIZZA IN PHILLY!!
Paolo's is my favorite pizza place in Philadelphia and the quality of ingredients is what make is outstanding.  The Margarita pizze w/ sausage is out of this world!!
The other menu items I've had are also equally good (sandwiches, brocolli bites, cheesesteaks).Anybody starting out at University of the Arts is automatically told to go have lunch at Paolo's. It's just part of the experience; plus he gives new students a free pizza slice and soda as part of their 'welcoming' experience during orientation. 
Working around the corner from the place is convenient when I want something 'ordinary' for lunch instead of my usual ethnic-vegetarian style cuisine I tend to favor. Some of their pizzas and sandwiches can be overrated and their price is a little high for a place that advertises to mainly students. Slices can get up to $3, which, for me isn't worth it because of their size. I mean, for $2.50 I can head to Lorenzo's for something just as greasy but it's big enough to wrap around a sandwich [for anyone will to take the Lorenzo's / Jim's challenge]. 
They do have beer, which is a plus, and they have a famous vegetarian pizza with the works which is delicious. So is the bruchetta pie! The parlor is just not somewhere I like hanging out though because it is usually hot and filled with loud students and contractors working on the many surrounding condos. The delivery guy can also be creepy.
In all I give it four stars for their creativity and custom pie selections.One star for every artery that their spicy cheese fries clog... plus one for good luck!
But seriously, Paolo's is my favorite pizza place in Philadelphia. Aside from having some really fantastic gourmet pies, the guys that work there are awesome.
You know how a lot of pizza places have really shady Italian guys working there? The kind that stare down a girls shirt when they take her order. Well the guys at Paolo's love to hit on girls, but they're really realllllly classy about it.
Instead of saying something like "Nice tits," they'll um... court her sweetly, saying things like "Do you like mozzarella? This is the freshest sweetest mozzarella, straight from Italy... here, have some." or "Nah don't worry about it, it's on me."
Check it out... especially if you've got a nice rack and don't have money for a soda!Paolo's is now called Giorgio's pizza. After the switch, this place has become very different. Its been cleaned up and the food is amazing! (the pizza is delicious. I also recommend the parmesan truffle oil fries). It's got a new menu and everything's a bit more expensive now however. Worth visiting to see the change. Seriously, food is great.My first day in Philly I was starvin and somebody had recommended this place. So over I go and order me a large pizza. Guess how much it was? 28 dollars. Now tell me, what kind of freaking pizza costs me 30 dollars?! A LOUSY ONE. I was furious. Why was it 30 dollars? Oh because we added chicken. What chicken are you buying that costs 30 dollars? Better be a FEW birds on my pizza for that much money. (there wasn't btw. I couldn't even find the chicken) The people were really nice of course which is great but ... really? 30 freaking dollars for a pizza? You kidding me? I've never gone back. 1 block away from me and I've never been back. I trek the 6 blocks to Mama's or Pine instead. 30 dollars. God. I've never spent that kind of money in this city since ps btw.got the large pizza margharita to go ($16), which was quite satisfying. the tomato chunks were likely from a can, but the fact that they were there was a plus. the thin crust, sauce, and cheese worked for me. i would have liked a bit more basil, but hey, in italy they are more skimpy with the stuff.
there was a huge group of italians (as in about 20 people who were speaking italian to each other) who came in just after i ordered. i took this as a good sign, as they came in small bunches as opposed to descending from a bus (like on those tours where the operators get kickbacks from the restaurants they take people to).
so far my favorite in the wash sq west area
note: no credit cards
nota bene: beer hereYou know, pizza places should really be rated on a different scale entirely. They all hit the spot, and even food that would be considered disappointing at another restaurant is more than acceptable when it comes from a pizza place. This is why I go. Paolo particularly excels at selling slices. Reasonably priced, fairly fresh, tasty. I ordered a takeout margherita pizza and felt a little put off and confused by the phone conversation, I'm surprised I stayed on hold longer than 2 minutes to order a pizza. The pizza was pretty good, not that marghertia-y in my opinion, but I'll definitely consider ordering other items from them in the future...because I know it'll hit the spot.I ordered a chicken parm at 8:54pm.  I was hungry and Paolo's estimated delivery time on SeamlessWeb was 15-30 minutes (faster than most other restaurants).  At 9:50pm there was no sign of a delivery guy so I called to check the status.  They said the delivery person already left and it should get here soon.  Now it is 10:33pm, I still have no food and Paolo's is not answering their phone so I have no idea what is going on.  Worst service I've ever seen.  Can't comment on the quality of the food, but I don't have high hopes at this point.Best pizza in the city!!!  [Ok, ok, it's a 3-way tie with Lorenzo's (in the Italian Market) and Slice.  But all three are entirely different kinds of pizza.]
If you want a whole pie, and you like thin crust, cheesy delicious pizza goodness, get it here.  First, the people who work here are really nice both in person and on the phone.  A well-placed "dear" goes a long way.  Second, the food is just awesome.  The sauce is delicious - you can taste the seasonings and it's lightly sweet but tangy.  Honestly, I never realized how far a good pizza sauce can go toward the whole experience till I started eating at Paolo's.  The cheese is yummy, flavorful and stretchy without overwhelming the whole pie.  And the crust is thin and the perfect in-between of crunchy and soft.  There's also alcohol on premises, and they do take out.  Yay!  (I've also come in with friends and a six-pack and they let us drink our beers at their booths while eating their pizza.)
The only downsides are that the pizza is on the pricy side and they don't accept credit cards.  I think it's upwards of $15 for a large cheese.  But totally worth it enough that even as a starving college student I eat here an average of once a month.  Yum!I used to love this place. Not so much anymore.  Bad service and not very good food.  Delivery took over an hour and delivery driver forgot the soda and ranch.  Also the pizza and garlic knots were cold.  When we called to complain their response was "the driver will come back with the soda and ranch"  and then she hung up. There was no attempt whatsoever to satisfy the customer. There are much better places for pizza in center city. Don't waste your time and money here.Paolo's has everything you'd expect from a Philly pizza joint with a few gourmet touches. I used to live about a block away, and I haven't been back since I moved to University City, but I have only fond memories of the food. During the time I lived there, I also remember eating a ton of Paolo's hoagies and sandwiches. If he had panini on the menu, it was definitely delicious.I want to give Paolo's the benefit of the doubt as we ordered a salad and grinder on a Sunday evening during football season. However, we ordered WAY after the Eagles game was over and the Phillies played at 1 p.m. this particular Sunday! It took almost 2 hours for them to deliver our food, without any phone call or apology from the driver. In fact, the driver called my husband's cell phone to find out where our house was. We should have gotten off our tushes and walked to pick up the food, but isn't part of the enjoyment of a lazy Sunday haven't food delivered while watching TV?Hm... that wasnt bad. Not great either. Just pretty average pizza with slightly more interesting toppings. Probably would give it a 4 except for the LOUD italian radio station blaring in there (weird, i know). Plus they dont take credit cards. But they do speak italian, which is neat.there are a few reasons these guys are my favorite pizza place:  
1. whole wheat crust is available for anything, for a buck.
2. if you ask, they'll make sure your pizza is extra crispy
3. when i call, they already know who i am and where i live. therefore, ordering is quick.
4. the folks on the phone are friendly and clearly happy at their job.
5. delivery is generally quick.
6. the ingredient quality is always excellent. 
7. if you stop in and let them verify your ID and address match your number for the computer, they'll even let your order beer for delivery. 
love. it.The hubby and I have only ate here a few times but everything has been pretty good. 
Of our most recent adventure, we stopped in at 9:00pm on a Sunday. We were immediately served and the guys were friendly. We ordered a Italian calzone for the hubby and a cheesesteak with extra whiz and hot peppers (my same order in ANY steak place since I was 14.) And garlic knots cause they looked so dang good.
PROS:
-Calzone=gorgeous
-Friendly guy that took our order
-Gave us extra garlic knots since it was closing time.
CONS:
-Please PLEASE do not adjust you septum piercing while taking my order
-And...  this is a big one for me...when I ask for "extra whiz" I mean it. You guys didn't even slather the roll before you put the meat on, just put a little on the top.
But realistically I've had great steaks here in the past so I'm not going to let this one incident stop me from going there. I guess I just REALLY have to make sure they get my order right. Funny... you guys remembered to charge me for the extra whiz.....This place is gross. I lived next door for a year and I ate there more often than I'd like to admit; every meal ended with self-loathing and indigestion. The pizza is blah, the salads are sad, the sandwiches are under stuffed, and the wings are dry, decent cheesesteak though.I had gotten their gourmet pizza here years ago- the veggie and the pulled pork, which were both fantastic, but upon reviewing the menu this time around, I didn't see those 2 items on the menu anymore and I wasn't really isnpired by any of the other gourmet options.  So I opted for a large pizza 1/2 pepperoni, 1/2 mushroom.  The pizza wasn't thin enough for my liking, the crust was big and doughy, and the pizza also seemed to be lacking sauce.  All in all, I was a bit disappointed after raving about this place for years.  
On the plus side, this place takes credit cards, delivers to GHO and the pizza arrived hot in about 30 minutes.This pizza place is a scam and the literally robbed us the other night.  We placed an order off a link from THIER website.  After we didn't have our food for 1.5 hours we called them and apparently the order was sitting on thier computer and no one did anything with it.  So we were told we would get free drinks and it would be another half hour.  When we got our order we paid $40.00 plus tip.  We were missing a side dish and the pizza order was wrong.  Plus the slip that was inside the order only said $30.00.  I called and asked for a manager.  This jack ass Rich was the beyond unapologetic and told me that it was our fault that we ordered OFF THIER ONLINE LINK and that there was nothing that he would do for us.  So buyer beware!  There are thousands of great pizza places in Philly this is not one of them.  They do not care about you or the food they serve you.  I will be telling everyone who asks about pizza places exactly how awful they are.  Furthermore I hope "Rich" gets punched in the face one day for they way he treats people.There are some seriously disconcerting reviews here for Paolo's.  I'm a transplant from the far west of Pennsyltucky, and where I come from good pizza isn't something you run across everyday. As for Paolo's, my experience with their Pizza, and their delivery service is just slightly better than good. 
I will keep ordering until something interesting happens, and then, I'll be sure to write about that singular experience in excruciating detail in an attempt to befuddle would-be buyers.False Advertisement + No Flavor = Rip-Off
I ordered two slices of Margherita Pizza to go - the menu advertised it as being topped with fresh mozzarella. Nope, these slices were simply topped with sliced squares of provolone. 
Never would have strayed from Pizzeria Gusto if I had known that I would be paying the same amount for something i could have made with deli slices of cheese and bread. 
Never again!I just love this place. Really.
The pizza is just plain good. Yes it's gourmet, sauceless, and sometimes maybe a little overpriced--but it's awesome. It's not greasy or gooey, and won't make you feel nauseous. 
And added plus: the guys behind the counter aren't rude, and sometimes will slide you a free soda...if you're a cute girl.Who would put pepperoni, tomatoes, and caramelized onions on a burger and call it "Antique Row"? The answer: a genius.  
This is the typical pizza place with an extensive menu.  Not only are there pizzas, specialty pizzas, and pastas, there are also burgers, sandwiches, and salads.  This much selection is common in many pizza shops in Philly/South Jersey.  
What isn't typical about this pizza shop is the quality of food. Try a couple of different slices, when you go, and you'll be very happy.  Really, try anything, when you go, and you'll be happy.   They make the food when you order, so it's always hot when it reaches your mouth.  And that, I think, is the only way to eat a pizza.
The only thing that's a little strange is this: there's a little square between the steaks and the chicken sandwiches on the menu.  It's hard to notice and comprehend, so I'll tell you what it says. "Our chicken cheesesteak is fresh chicken breast marinated in olive oil & fresh squeezed lemon".  Even if you notice it on the menu, you assume that it can't apply to the buffalo chicken cheesesteak you're ordering... But it does apply to you. So if you order a chicken cheesesteak, you're actually just ordering a chicken sandwich with large pieces of meat.  It's clearly stated on the menu, but I've seen people order it and get disappointed (until they took that first bite, that is).   
Also, check out the walls.  After you get distracted by the cute, cartoonish foods on the walls, you'll notice that they have pictures of local musicians and other locals hanging, too.  I support a pizza shop that supports local musicians.This place has become my go-to pizza spot. I've tried countless places in the area and this place has been consistent and delicious. I've never ordered anything other
Than pizza and salad, so I can't speak for anything else, but the pizza is as good as you can get in the area.I was visiting Phila from Baltimore and wanted to try this place because a co-worker recommended it (he's from Phila). I tried to speak a little Spanish with the cashier just to be friendly (I took 3 years of high school so I know some basic phrases). And then a Fedex employee walked-in, heard me trying to say basic stuff lke "Si" and "Gracias" and he and the cashier proceeded to talk bad about me in Spanish, like they resented me trying to talk to them in Spanish. 
It wasn't worth making a scene, because I'm just passing through but I immediately compared this treatment with the friendly hispanics in Baltimore who really appreciate you trying to speak Spanish. So I got my pizza and left telling myself, I was really underwhelmed by both the pizza and the disrespectful treatment.Probably somewhere between a 3 and a 4 star pizza joint, Paolo's is one of the better pizza options in Center City, and its location near the University of the Arts makes it great for art students. The pizza is sometimes very good, other times just ok, (never bad or amazing), and the prices are Center-City high. In terms of the ambiance, I think it's at it's best when they're playing soccer games broadcast in Spanish on the TVs.Last night a friend & I ordered a plain pie & some cheese fries for delivery.
The cheese on the pizza was OK but I thought the sauce was a little bland.  Also I wasn't a huge fan of the crust.  The bottom of the pie was too bread-y for my taste (but at least it was done enough to be a little crispy on the very  bottom).  If that's your thing then you'd probably like it more than I did.  She thought there was too much oregano on the pizza, but I didn't think so.
I know that fries are a roll of the dice as far as take-out or delivery goes becasue they can get soggy so fast, but the cheese fries were good.  They were sort of like steak-fries.  The cheese was whiz, but a little runny.  Still tasted good.
The order got their quickly & everything was hot so had no issues on that front.
I walk by here all the time but this was my first try.  I'll probably stop in & try some of the specialty slices & update the review later.2 hours for delivery when they told us 25 minutes, and then they delivered us a ham-topped pizza that we couldn't eat because we are vegetarian when we had ordered the pomodoro.  Could it get any worse?  I don't think we'll ever order from Paolo's again to find out how much worse it can get.I think Paolo's is ok, but overrated relative to Gianfranco's and SOHO.  It's a nice place, though - they guy is, as everyone before me has written, pretty nice - nicer to sit down at, certainly, than either of the aforementioned.  But the quality of the pizza just doesn't cut it.  The dough is bland and a little crumbly, and the toppings just don't compensate.Damn. This place got me. I thought it might be decent (good menu, been there a while) but now I've been totally ripped off, twice in one night, and all I can do is write a Yelp review about it. I'd rather have my money.
I ordered the Insalata Banzai, which is described as " romaine lettuce, Italian tuna, capers, oil, and cherry tomatoes." What I got was spinach, tuna salad, and that's it. I also got an order of soggy unsalted fries, which turned out to be exactly like the name described. The delivery guy REFUSED to come into the lobby of the hotel where I work, and I was forced to walk out of my job and wait on the corner for him. He was sketchy and rude, as other reviewers have stated.
I called and told them my order was wrong, and they were like "Yeah, it's a menu error. We gotta change the menu because we don't have Italian tuna." I was like "You charged me for it, it's more expensive" and they were like "Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine. We'll give you 20% off your next order" so I was all "OK, since the food you gave me totally sucks, I'll just order something now".
I ordered the UArts Burger, which is described as "Veggie burger w/ spinach, onion, roasted pepper, portobello & gorgonzola cheese". The delivery guy came 30 minutes later, charging into the lobby like a big ol' jerk and said "It's $3.75". I gave him $5 because even though I didn't like him at all, he actually DELIVERED IT TO ME. I was like, COOL! I opened the box and inside was a dry veggie burger with literally nothing on it. No peppers, not mushrooms, no cheese, no spinach, no onions. It was one of those frozen green veggie patties that taste like peas. 
Clearly, this place decided to screw with me all night. My prediction is this business is just a front for a world-class scam artist named Paolo, who's vacationing in Paris by selling people garbage and calling it food.
SUCKS.The pizza slices were overlooked and gross.  The garlic knots were burnt on the bottom and so tough and greasy I could even eat them.  It was all around gross.I've ordered delivery here a few times since moving to Philly. They always told me 15-30 minutes and never took less than an hour. Good food but not worth the hassle.Good pizza.  I like the melanzane with eggplant.  Italiano cheesesteak was delicious, with bruschetta mixed in.  It can get hot in there, so try to sit outside.  The crust is excellent, and they have a variety of interesting toppings.I usually don't write reviews, but for this place: They NEVER answer the phone when it rings, and if you finally get them to pick up, the noise is so blaring from their two TVs in the place that they mess up your order.
I have actually been in Paolo's and called from my cell to see what happens -- the phone rings, they looked at it, and no one answered it.
The food is average, go elsewhere to a pizza place that has competent employees and an interior you want to sit in (seriously I have never been in there and both TVs are not at top volume on different channels).
Lazaro's and Little Italy are both superior in food and service.The pizza seemed pretty bland, and just not that great overall. The guy on the phone was nice and delivery was fast.I ordered a magherita pie from Paolo's this evening.  It was the worst pizza I've ever had in my life.  There was no flavor, nothing, just a cardboard like crust with a few low-grade tomato slices and the worst cheese I've ever experienced.  They also forgot my order of chicken fingers as well.  I am still angry just thinking about it.  
Also, I want to point out that these jokers use Kraft Singles on their pizza, I think.  The cheese peeled off in one uniform square-like piece.Wheat crust on my pizza?!  YES PLEASE!  It's really good, trust me!  Paolo's has some of the best ingredients and is well worth the price.  When you walk in you're greeted by a garish glare of oranges, blues, and a cacophony of other "Mediterranean" colors...  They're really trying to be Santorini of the East!  But it's all good, just blink a few times and your eyes will get adjusted.  You can order by the slice or by the whole pie!  They have a great selection of toppings to indulge any pizza fantasy you could possible have!  Oh yeah, and you can get beer here to go as well!  Also, they make pretty good sandwiches too.  The staff is usually pretty funny and quite friendly.Since my last review, they've renovated the place, got rid of the pervy  manager, & upgraded their pizza skills. The pizza still isn't great but but is passable for a decent slice. Chicken cheese steak still stands as my favorite.I walked by this place and dismissed it as "just another pizza joint" for several months.  Recently, as a last ditch place to eat, I ended up sitting down for a meal at Paolo's.
This place is amazing.  Excellent selection, excellent food (for a take-out and "order and sit-down" place), EXCELLENT prices, and the right size portions.
The beer was actually priced at "real" (Jersey liquor store prices (quoting Jenna C.).  It makes you wonder what kind of markup is on the alcohol that this place makes any profit on their alcohol sales.
I just tried the spinach manicotti last night and it was great.  Nice portobello mushrooms, fresh spinach, and homemade mannicotti... for $6.50.
They run daily specials.  For example: 50 wings with a liter of cola for $22.50.  Get together some friends and dig in!  Although, the wings are kind of funky chicken.  Try them for yourself.
There are bathrooms on premises, but they are slightly dank.  Can't complain too much because the locks work and there are paper towels.
Inside the restaurant it is kind of hot and often noisy with the sound of Phillies and/or Eagles (depending on the season) playing on the TVs.
Stop in, take a look at the menu, and be amazed.I was looking for a place to have some good pizzas and burgers close by, browsing through Yelper's reviews, Paolo's came through in the tops. I've always known there's a pizzeria around there but I've never tried their food, so since I'm in the mood, I decided to go and check it out. 
To their credit, there were a lot of different pies to choose from, even on a less busy Sunday night. The menu board is large but when I ask the cashier/waitress on what some items were, she couldn't provide me will an answer and stated that they have shrunken the menu a bit and the chalkboards haven't been updated yet. Well maybe someone should get on with an eraser? After we ordered, we sat down at an unoccupied booth and realized that it hasn't been wipe down as crumbs of meat and lettuce were still on the table, on another side a big dollop of ketchup was smeared and I ended up cleaning the table myself. I guess they are really not mindful of their menu or their cleanliness.
After reading through the new printed menu. My boyfriend and I got four slices and a Juniper burger and fries to share. The Juniper burger has a slice of ham, pesto and some cheese, but overall it's not unique in character or particularly memorable. It's a burger and not particularly flavorful one. The pizzas, however, was more interesting. Between the two of us, we got a slice of modified margherita, a slice of vegetarian, a slice of ranch chicken and a slice of BBQ ranch chicken. Instead of mozzarella cheese, the modified margherita had hand piped ricotta florets that tasted amazing with fresh basil and tomatoes. The vegetarian pizza, or so I called it, have pineapple, broccoli and tomatoes on it. It's a bit strange but it looked pretty good. I'm a big fan of ranch chicken pizza but the one I had here didn't taste much while the BBQ ranch chicken with two sauces was really delicious. 
I do love a pizzeria that sells pizzas by the slice. If only this place open until the wee hours of the mornings, I might come over for a few slices of pizza after going out drinking, but with the location being a bit out of my way, it'll be hard for me to come back here unless I really want pizza and Pine Street Pizza and Gianfranco is somehow out of the question. Nice drink selection and a decent creative menu though.This is great pizza. Thin light with a hint of fresh basil. If you like Neapolitan thin crust pizza search no further. If you want grease and a pile of crap on your pizza this place is not for you. You can taste the semolina and evo in the crust and a lot of dedication in the production of their toppings, spinach and garlic lightly blanched with a touch of balsamic vinegar. I eat pizza everywhere from NY to HOBOKEN, AYYE!! Frankie Baby, to the shore and this is one of the best. If you love Pizza you gotta love Paolo PizzaIt was okay.  The pizzas sitting in the display case look rather unappetizing, although they do put them into the oven for a few minutes before serving them to you.  Slices are not mentioned on the overhead menu, but they are on the pamphlet menu - you CAN order by the slice here.  The cheese fries were simply cheese over fries, burning hot, fresh out of the fryer.  The prices were pretty good...I got a slice of white pizza, an order of cheese fries, and a bottle of soda for something like $7.50.  This place is nothing to write home about, but it'll do for a quick bite.good pizza especially the plain and pepperoni.  quick delivery.My friends and I refer to Paolo's as the "magical pizza joint". Let me explain. 
After a raucous St. Patty's Day, we were wandering back to our Society Hill apt. and harboring the kind of late night craving that only happens after you've been shooting whiskey for 8 hours straight. Paolo's happened to be on our way, so we stopped in to get a pizza. After finally making our way home and scarfing down the pizza, we went to bed, fully expecting the next morning to be extremely unpleasant. 
But we woke up and felt fine. No throbbing headaches. No praying to the porcelain goddess. No, we were just fine and dandy. And we've come to believe that we owe it all to Paolo's magical pizza. 
I don't even remember how it tasted, but the way it saved me from a hangover makes it the most delicious and worthwhile pizza I've ever eaten.In case you didn't know, Paolo's delivers to Dirty Frank's.  It is also a block away, but you know, sometimes you just can't leave your beer.  I used to frequently get a two-foot cheesesteak, bring it to Franks's and share it with my boyfriend, a habit a friend of mine called "eating a trough of meat".  
Their cheesesteaks are yummy, their pizza is good.  I'm pretty sure they've served me bad cheese on my fries a few times, and I'm a little freaked out thinking how long that cheese would have to have been sitting there to go bad.  Hence the three stars, despite the fact that in general, I like it.Just stopped in for Pizza, which was ok.  I'd try it again, but I like a little more crust.To start with, I'm a NY'er -- which means I'm a pizza snob, and I also like a certain kind of pizza.  None of this Chicago deep-dish stuff, nor the Boston "Greek-style" pizza either.  I like the thin crust, tart and salty sauced, coal- or wood-oven kind of pie.  
We just moved to the area, and had tried some nearby pizzas, and were not impressed.  After looking around a bit, we saw that Paolo's was a couple of blocks away, and had decent reviews.
Over-all?  Very good pizza.  Tasty (though a bit bready) crust, a good amount of sauce and cheese, nicely baked, and well-spiced.  The price wasn't bad, either.
The guy behind the counter making the pizza (Paolo?) was great -- made my two-year-old giggle and laugh, and also made sure the pizza was safely boxed and stayed hot for the trip home.
Not a place that I'd travel miles out of my way for, but I feel fortunate to have such a really good option in the neighborhood.  Yum!I had the pizza here once for lunch.  Nothing to run home and talk about.  Just your normal pizza.  
I spent maybe $10 here.  2 slices, a drink from the fridge.  I sat outside, it was enjoyable.The service here is atrocious. Time after time, again and again, my order gets completely abandoned. They seldom remember to even PREP for my order (they won't even take the supply out from storage). This absent-minded service leaves me with mediocre fries and pizza 20 minutes after I placed my order. The only reason I believe so many people come here is out of sheer walking convenience. It's worth the extra blocks to find somewhere nicer.Paolo's used to be good.  Now it is bad.
Last several orders the pasta has tasted burnt (sauce left unattended I guess?), they've stopped using actual wraps for the wraps (they're pita now) and the last pizza we ordered came with no sauce, raw spinach instead of sautéed spinach, chopped bell peppers instead of roasted peppers, and was undercooked.
On top of that I've actually been yelled at by the delivery guy (who arrived an hour and a half after ordering) for putting an order in too close to closing time.  I put the order in 40 minutes before they were supposed to close.
They clearly just don't care at this point.Lousy pizza.  Over 1 hour to deliver.  Don't seem to know that 'black olives' are not the same thing as what they are putting on their pizzas.  I'm from the suburbs but there must be a better alternative for pizza than this place.I'd like to give Paolo's two  stars because although they actually do have some strong points, my last experience was worse than "A-OK." With that said,  I feel they do have some pretty rigorous pro's that balance out their equally bad con's.
I'll start with the Pro's:
Fun toppings for pizza (taco pizza, cheese fry pizza) and you can order by the slice 
Chicken Grinders/Hoagies--pretty good...
Cheese Fries. Yum!
Fries in general. Yum!
It's inexpensive.
Con's:
They always seem to get some element of your order wrong.  I ordered the Hawaiian style sandwich which is under the "Chicken Sandwich" category but which boasts pulled pork. I got chicken.
It also had pesto on it.
And that's another thing, they always put pesto on your sandwich... even when it's not supposed to have pesto on it as per the description
The door. It slams on you. Be careful. I seriously wounded my foot when wearing flip flops there. I had an open wound for at least 2 weeks.
The Turkey Bacon club. I ordered this on Sunday and it was nothing short of icky.   I ordered it with rye bread. I got white. It did not have mayo on it, which, I believe, is just a standard of the club sandwich world (along with a pickle and a frilly tooth pick, both of which I did get!) 
Also, the tomatoes were not slices, but piece of tomato like from a salad and had pieces of basil on it (apparently, they are obsessed with basil here--). Nor were the lettuce or the bacon nicely chopped. The lettuce was shredded lettuce like on a hoagie in the high school cafeteria and the bacon was slightly larger than a bacon bit. 
Furthermore, they claimed that the turkey was roasted on the premises, but it was clearly deli lunch meat.  Unacceptable.i love pizza.
i will eat just about any slice of pizza that is thrown my way.
it doesn't matter if it's cold, week-old, Hawaiian, cheeseless... 
as i sat down to eat my recent slices of pizza at Paolo's, i couldn't help but acknowledge this fact about myself. why? because the pizza wasn't very good.  the Sicilian didn't have nearly enough sauce on it. the veggie pizza was pretty mushy and bland - in fact, the veggies had virtually no flavor. 
the good news is that the guys that work the ovens are gemstones. plus, you can buy beer with which to wash down the bland pizza.I come here when I visit Philadelphia often as its close to family. The cheesteaks are actually pretty dam good. They put the whole thing in the oven which gets it all crispy which I love. The Stromboli's are also pretty decent. Most of the 4 star is the cheesteak though. 
Simple and reasonable place.I was visiting Phila from Baltimore and wanted to try this place because a co-worker recommended it (he's from Phila). I tried to speak a little Spanish with the cashier just to be friendly (I took 3 years of high school so I know some basic phrases). And then a Fedex employee walked-in, heard me trying to say basic stuff lke "Si" and "Gracias" and he and the cashier proceeded to talk bad about me in Spanish, like they resented me trying to talk to them in Spanish. 
It wasn't worth making a scene, because I'm just passing through but I immediately compared this treatment with the friendly hispanics in Baltimore who really appreciate you trying to speak Spanish. So I got my pizza and left telling myself, I was really underwhelmed by both the pizza and the disrespectful treatment.
I see from other Yelpers, even folks who live within a few blocks of Paolo's that there is a disturbing downward trend in food quality, taste and customer service. Maybe there was an owner/management change? I don't know, but if the locals don't even like the place, then that's a definite red flag. Hope things improve, that's all I can say at this point.My roommate asked me a few minutes ago whether I wanted pizza. I told her no thank you, I wasn't hungry. Without my knowledge, she called in for a large pie and 15 minutes later, it showed up at our door. I guess I wasn't expecting her to go through with it: order a pizza when I expressed my lack of interest. Clearly, she is a self-governing woman who doesn't need a party to support her decisions. She was an active feminist in college. 
As I sat at my computer, I took quick peeks over my shoulder to watch her enjoy the cheesy deliciousness. Finally, the craving kicked in. I tossed $6 in her direction and when she left the couch to pick it up, I stole a slice. Then another. And another. Paolo's pizza is good enough to steal.COCKROACH!
In my Caesar salad.  I ate almost the whole salad before seeing it.  Small/medium sized brown one. EW! Yuck!  OMG.
I have lived in Philly for over 10 years, have eaten out at least a few times a week (at least), and NEVER found a cockroach in my food.  I have also had delivery from Paolo's multiple times.  This is Unforgivable! I will not be patronizing Paolo's again.  And, it's really a shame.  Their ranch chicken pizza really does put everyone else's to shame.  Maybe it's a good thing, because I really don't need to eat ranch chicken pizza...ever.  But either way, I'll never be able to eat food from them again without having cockroaches on my mind...Due to the last pizza place I experienced and reviewed, I felt the need to review a pizza place that has always been consistently good so I could get back the urge to eat at such places again.
Considering that I have always received great service from Paolo's, and that I already thought I reviewed it before. I figured that giving a shout out to here was a no brainer. The pizza that they always dish out always manages to find a spot within my top Philly Five. the cheese slices srae always so huge and delicious.
I also don't know what they must have done to their deep fryer that other piza places haven't. because they manage to make the best chicken fingers, broccoli bites, and other such quick treats that I've picked up from any pizza shop. so much so that it's usually difficult for me to choose what to order anytime I set foot inside.
and I do have to give it up for the quick beer selection to. anything from Buweiser cans to Stella Artois.