I had the strawberry moist cake which was so soft and fluffy and delicious.I also share the the fruit shaved ice bowl with my family and it was so good and refreshing.I was excited that a Paris baguette had opened in chinatown.
My friends and I got 2 slices of cake to share since we had eaten before coming here for dessert. The two slices were very good. I like the design of the place and everything looked good. 
I would definitely come back.Small location, but nice, clean, and a surprisingly nice place to work if you can grab a seat. If you go during busy hours (which is pretty much after work and anytime after the morning on weekends), chances are popular items will have sold out, so they still have that to work on. But what they have is always great, and being new to the chain I find a pastry or something to always to enjoy.There are many pastries to choose from and they all looked sumptuous.  So far we tried the chocolate croissant and croissant donut.   
The chocolate croissant was done nicely but did not have enough chocolates inside.  The croissant donut has enough cream filling, not too sweet, and crust are perfect, but very greasy when you bite on it.
Will be back to try some more!If you want quality pastry then this is your go to place. I really enjoyed their blueberry french toast and macarons. I rarely rate any places 5/5 as coming from a picky desert enthusiast it's uneasy to have my sweet tooth satisfied but this shop has done exactly that. I would recommend this bakery to anyone with high expectations. You will not be disappointed.A couple of days ago I called to place a cake order for a green tea chiffon. However, after placing my order, they called back almost immediately, realizing that they actually ran out of the cake. At first, I was disappointed and asked for another cake instead. They, however, apologized and allowed me to pay the same price for the cake I originally wanted despite being a dollar extra. I got off the phone satisfied with the excellent way they presented customer service. It would be more of a 4.5 star only because they did forget to put the happy birthday chocolate on top of the cake. It was just a good thing my mom didn't mindThey have a variety of desserts. U simply grab a tray and prongs and make your selection. The staff is helpful. So ask, if you need help.
If you go late at night, the selection may be limited.The turnover looking pastry that has cheese/custard in it is beyond amazing! The cappuccino is equally amazing. It's a lil pricey but the food quality is grade A! Plus it's super clean and chicVisited this bakery on a Friday afternoon and it wasn't crowded at all like the other reviewers had experienced. Everything seemed of high quality and reasonably priced. There were even a few vegan offerings. The store area is very pretty and clean. Bathrooms were also clean. There are plenty of wall outlets to charge your laptop and phone. I wish there were a few more tables and chairs.I'm so happy there's a Paris Baguette now in Chinatown. What do you mean I don't have to travel all the way to Elkins Park anymore?! :D
Went there for the first time today. It's clean, the pastries are ALL eye-catching, and service is nice.
I saw that there were outlets on the wall by the tables, which is definitely handy. I can't wait to visit again!
Totally recommend the Tiramisu Cream Puff. If this Paris Baguette is the same as all the others, then you can't go wrong with any of their pastries. Loads more expensive than your typical Chinese pastry, but oh-so-flaky good.The display cases at Paris Baguette are full of joy. They make me feel, as a [mumble mumble]-years-old adult, the way I felt as a kid on Christmas morning: endlessly excited at all the brightly colored promises laid out before me, electric with curiosity to find out what they all held.
At Paris Baguette, there's a lot to be curious about. What does a "Strawberry Harmonica" taste like? Can a "Happy Donut" live up to its name? What universe-bending mysteries await at the heart of the "Twist Pie"? For just a couple of dollars, you can answer these questions and more. (One thing you WON'T have to wonder about is the calorie count for all these confections, which I really really appreciate, as somebody who loves pastries but also loves [mostly] fitting in my pants. Because the pastries aren't super-sized or super heavy, the calorie counts for most of them are quite reasonable, which I also like.)
The regular standbys like the excellent Sweet Rice Donut and the impossibly soft and fluffy Castella are reliably available, and I always grab one as a hedge against disappointment. But the main reason I go to Paris Baguette is to see what's there that I've never tried before. There's always something, and it's usually good. (Not *always,* but then it would be boring if it were *always* exactly to my taste. There's no suspense if you don't roll a bad result sometimes. Besides, I can't say I wasn't warned that the Honey and Garlic Croissant was going to be weirdly sweet. It's right there in the name!)
The place gets crowded, and with good reason. Staff is always friendly and enthusiastic, and so are most of the customers. There's a lot of happy, positive energy in the place, and I hope it stays that way forever.Love Paris Baguette but wish this place had more variety or have items there whenever I visit because it looks empty every time.
Hit or a miss but definitely the food is tasty. Hopefully they have better selections on bread or filled. I still go to the one in Cheltenham. Hope to see improvementThere is no pastry place like Paris Baguette. They have so many different things to try and they are all incredible. In addition they have some amazing drinks as well.Paris Baguette in Philly! Finally! People complain about the price but I'm glad I don't need to eat cheap bread in Chinatown anymore. The best bread place was KC and that isn't even close to Paris Baguette. I think this will be a trend of new better bakeries so 5 star for just opening in Philly!Having a Paris Baguette in Chinatown is probably one of the best things ever! This location is extremely accessible and convenient to get to. The atmosphere in this PB is great, with very supportive and kind staff. As for cleanliness, everything seems to be spotless and very well organized! The pastries and breads are amazing as well. Definitely worth a visit next time you're passing by Chinatown!I used to go to the Paris Baguette in Elkins Park for cream puffs with tasty fresh cream. When I learned about this new location, of course, wanted  to have their cream puff. The display/show case was beautifully done with effective lighting for pastries, cakes, desserts, mesmerizing customers' eyes. Staffs were very friendly, knowledgeable, when I asked about the kind of cream for cream puffs. "The cream is made fresh every morning. We do not recommend to keep items with fresh cream more than 2 days." 
I bought a Cream Puff with fresh cream and berries, and a strawberry custard cream croissant.
A staff nicely and efficiently wrapped each item with a small bag, placed into a plastic bag - they arrived home safely, rather than in a box which could shift and smash items.
The cream of the puff tasted a little different from the store in Elkins Park, it was with more flavor (rum or vanilla essence). 
The custard cream from the croissant was good, but felt more essence/ flavor, less sweetness.
Overall, the amount of cream was less than expected.
Being chain stores, they must be using the same cream, by the same methods. It may be just my personal view that the taste of creams at two locations are different.
The croissant itself was baked very fluffy, light, and crisp. In the show case, croissants looked shiny. Wonder they glazed with oil on the top...
It is a fun place to be with beautified pastries and breads. It is wonderful that an each item has detailed explanation of ingredients, calories and names of the creams used in it.
If you have a large stomach, you would like to have a whole fresh cream cake with fabulous decorations! 
The upbeat, friendly, neat staff girls are the wonderful asset to this location, adding significant value to the shop.Mango pudding is the bomb! Love their desserts, go here every time I find it. Try their sponge cakes, super soft! Curry croquette is unique and good in its own way. Very clean and nice staff.Stopped into this new bakery/sandwich shop in Chinatown after grabbing a bite in the neighborhood. It was an orgy for the eyes. Beautiful  pastries in self-serve display cases line the walls of this narrow but deep space. And a collection of beautifully decorated cakes are available for purchase. It has a clean, modern decor that is inviting. It certainly is an environment that I'd be happy to sit for a while with a hot coffee and a sweet or sandwich. The pastries fall somewhere between Western and Asian sweetnesses, but are beautiful to look at. Most of the bakery items had a distinctly Western appeal. Unlike other Chinatown bakeries, there wasn't a large selection of Asian treats.I was so excited when yet another dessert place emerged in Chinatown.  This one's roots go back to Korea.  There are two huge displays of goodies to choose from.  There are even salads and sandwiches, but that's definitely not the reason I came here.  If only I come devote an unlimited number of calories to eating everything I saw here!  Green tea cake?  Strawberry cake?  I wanted it all.  Did I mention there's a cappuccino cake that's designed to look like a huge cup of cappuccino, including with an edible chocolate handle?  There are trays and you pick out things for yourself.  There's a sign that says to ask for someone at the register to help, but I saw everyone reaching inside themselves so I followed suit.
There are probably a dozen or more tables but it's not surprising to find most tables occupied on a nice Saturday afternoon.  Still, there's more seating here than at say, A La Mousse so you definitely have a higher chance of finding a seat.  The one thing I didn't really like is that there are no plates.  You put the desserts on the tray (which are each covered with something that resembles parchment paper), but since there are no plates, you have to eat the dessert right off the tray.  That's not really a problem with say, a fruit pastry but it would be nice not to be eating a slice of cake from a tray.
That said, I absolutely loved my green tea fresh cream cake with strawberries.  The beauty of green tea is that it tastes light but it's not too sweet (in my humble opinion anyway).  Even the to-go dessert boxes are cute.  Next on my list to try is the strawberry cream cake and feuillette au chocolat.  I can't wait to come back.The strawberry cream cake is fantastic. It was soft and not overly sweet. Everything tasted extremely fresh and it held together well. Looks exactly like it does in the picturesThis Paris baguette taste nasty compared to the other locations. I ordered a cheesecake and it crumbles like crazy and it's a little bland. I love the cheesecake from other locations. Also the bread didn't meet the other locations standards.I bought four almond croissants and one taro bubble tea today. Croissant taste delicious, bubble tea is terrible, the worst I ever have,which is $5.7 plus tax, no worth, taste like powder, no any taste of tea at all, u can even count the bubble!! Bubble is super hard to chew!Cute chain that I enjoy stopping by whenever I'm in a new city since I've found them to be consistent across the country.For my birthday cake here yesterday. Prompt service even includes matches cake knife, and forks. Place is very clean very new. All the bread looks delicious. Expensive but the blueberry yogurt cake is the best one I've ever tried in terms of a birthday cake.I've heard a lot about this place so I had to stop by. I purchased the green tea/ matcha pastella cake special for CNY, it was about $9 for 4-5 pieces ( pre-packed) in the refrigerator. The cake itself was not that flavorful, and extremely dry. I'm unsure if I ordered the wrong thing, but based on this single experience I'm not sure what the hype is -- or maybe stick to their regular items
With their price point I'd expect most/all items to be up to par -- I'll probably stick to my regular Chinatown hole in the wall bakeries going forwardParis Baguette has finally arrived in Chinatown! Similar to the NYC locations, they have ample seating and a complete drinks menu. They have a wall of baked goods and another wall of refrigerated desserts, including whole cakes. Also, they have wifi.
I was disappointed in that the baked goods seemed more geared towards the western palate (lots of croissants and other flaky pastries), but maybe they will add more items over time. I am hoping this becomes a place where I can grab boxed Asian desserts and cakes for gifts and Lunar New Year. 
I purchased the moist cheese cake and found it to be moist but too light in taste. Next time I'll try the strawberry version. Since this place is new I'm bumping the review up a star. I'm a serial optimist!Wow, China Town Philly is evolving into Asia Town or Asian Fusion Town! An example of this is the addition on the new Paris Baguette store on Arch Street. The Paris Baguette bakery chain was founded in 1988 by the Korean businessman Hur Young-in, head of the food and confectionary group SPC. It has 3,250 boulangerie à la française outlets in South Korea and bakeries in America, Singapore, Vietnam and China. Who knew? Not me.
The space is long and narrow and fairly large, especially by China Town standards. They have a wall of baked goods and another wall of refrigerated desserts, including whole cakes. They also have wifi and coffee, tea, frappes and sparklers. There were college kids hanging out on their Mac Book Pros.
We saw mostly baked goods and desserts marketed towards a Western palate. I don't know what I expected with a name like Paris Baguette, but I thought they might have some more Asian or Korean inspired items. The items they did have on dispaly looked great. We bought this blueberry chiffon cake that was excellent, light, fluffy and not overly sweet. 
We definitely liked Paris Baguette and we will be back. It is larger, less cramped and less expensive then A La Mouse but I think A La Mouse is a little better and cooler.
4 Yelp stars with great potential.Ran into Paris baguette in Chinatown on a Friday night. Walked into see their selection. They have a pretty big selections of cakes but not a lot of smaller pastries which I was hoping for. But nonetheless their cake is amazing. Will come back to see if they grow their collection.New bakery in town, very clean and fresh! The bread is so soft and so many choices. Will definitely come back.My favorite bakery, everything is sooo delicious!
The cakes are beautiful and tastes like heaven.This is definitely one of the best bakery stores in philly Chinatown right now . The cakes and breads are all nicely made and delicious. The staffs are very friendly and helpful with my needs. I went in there with my friend last weekend and we ordered two hot brewed fog lattes, the taste was great and we also loved the nice environment in the store, people can either chat with friends or study in there. There is no doubt that I will go there again!I just love Paris Baguette cakes. The cake is super airy and light, which makes you feel great after eating a cake (no dense feelings in the stomach). The icing is actually just like whipped cream, not dense or super sweet icing either, which is part of why the cake feels so light and healthy(ish) when you eat it! Would highly recommend these cakes for friends or family (even if they're not really a fan of sweets!). When you buy the cake, they give you tall and skinny candles, and a plastic knife to cut the cake with, which is super convenient. Inside the knife are matches to light the candle as well. Comes in handy when you're scrambling for candles and a match for birthdays!This place has excellent pastries and a pretty decent seating area.  A welcome addition to Philly's Chinatown!Another Paris Baguette has finally opened in Philly! They have a range of products, from salads/sandwiches to freshly baked French pastries. There's also a wide variety of caffeinated drinks & regular beverages, available in both hot and cold. The staffs at Paris Baguette are extremely friendly and helpful. Another great place to stop by to satisfy your sweet tooth after enjoying your meal at Chinatown.So much better!
I wasn't a fan of this location when it first opened because many of the pastries I tried tasted burnt (oven calibration?). The burnt smell was very much present when I slid opened the display case.
Anyway, I stopped by today and was pleasantly surprised at the assortment of items offered at 9:00 AM and the items I tried were delicious!
They have even more items than the Elkins Park location. Love it!First visited this chain in K-town in NYC. I have never eaten here but I often grab pastries or bread to take home. A little expensive but the quality is good. I especially like their milk bread. A good addition to Chinatown.i love Paris Baguette.  
this chinatown location is clean and cute.  A nice place to go after a dinner.  the problem is the selection!  Maybe there's better luck in the mornings but I went in around 7pm on a Friday night and most everything was gone.  I was curious to see if they're possibly baking more to restock but didn't see much activity in the kitchen. 
I'm anxiously awaiting the one in center city to open. hopefully, they'll be better stocked!Wow! Paris Baguette finally open in Chinatown. This will be my favorite place to get pastries and cakes!!! The place looks so amazing and and the staffs are great when I visited to order my cake!! Will highly recommend!!!I always go to paris baguette to get cakes and it has never yet to disappoint me. I came here late Wednesday night around 8 ish they didn't have much of a variety left. I got the strawberry short cake. It was delicious and the cake fluffy and the strawberries were fresh ! The staff was nice.  Didn't  have any issues with my trip. But I must say their stuff is more pricey that NYC. I haven't tried their other stuff yet but I will for sure come back to try other stuff.Hard to choose, so we bought it all, seriously. Probably still some in my freezer. Neat little confectionary bakery, you can eat in the back or just look at all the items n the display case and overspend to avoid buyers remorse. A lot of fun and everything we got was really good.  Get a coffee and hunker down for diabetes...It's nice to see that they carried the same pastries as in the CA locations and had other pastries that the CA location didn't have. I wished the employee had more knowledge about the beverages so they can make a recommendation.I was pretty excited  that another location opened up in Chinatown. I don't have to drive too far now to get my favorite pastry. 
This place is way bigger with more seating area than the one in Elkins park. I also like the different selections of pastries and drinks they offered which I don't normally find at the other location. 
We came here to buy a birthday cappuccino cake. The cakes and pastries never disappoints me. Not to sweet just perfect  I was a little disappointed they couldn't write a name for the birthday cake. I was told i had  to pre order the cake for a name to be written on it.  For the price of the cakes, & esp a birthday cake , it would be nice to have that option ( just a thought ) 
Anyway. I am also looking forward to their other location in center city.  Paris baguette is surely my favorite spot to just chill with friends , eat very good pastries and paired with their specialty drinks.I have to admit something....I have a problem! It's an addiction to the pastries here. It's not working very well for my waist line. Every time I'm in C-town, I have to fight the urge to not walk through. Sometimes, I'll just say "I just want to look at what they have today. I won't buy anything." But who am I lying???? I always get something. LOL.
I love pretty much everything here. I like to try at least 1 new item every time I come. My favorite so far is their boston creme croissant thingy. OMGGG, it feels so light but I know its not. When I last took my sister here, we went and got a ton of stuff. She said "let's get one of all this stuff and we can split it." We get home, she takes a bite of the boston creme one then ate the WHOLE thing. Yes, it's that good.
When can I get my next fix? Anyone up to go with me today? I promise I'll share...(just a bite though)I never write reviews and usually only use this  app to look at reviews, but.... here I go. I ordered a cake over the phone and was promised I could pick it up on Saturday after 5:00 PM. I come in at 7:00 PM to get my cake, but it wasn't ready. I was greeted with confused looks and even asked if I had called the right Paris baguette.. I later find out the worker who had taken my order had misplaced the order slip and my cake was never made. Luckily they had a cake already made that was the same as my order. I'm just wondering what they would have done if they didn't have the cake ready? I was heading to a birthday party that evening. So it's all sorted out, but I wait another 30 minutes to receive the cake and offered a free coffee as consolation. Overall I like this place and enjoy the products they make. The manager and workers that evening seem nice, but if I had to order another cake I would order it at the other locations instead.My wife had heard about them opening a location in Chinatown.  We finally got to try it tonight and it was absolutely great.
I only tried the coffee and macaroons (coffee was delicious and macaroons were perfect)on this visit and will definitely be coming back to try more.  Also the customer service was above average, Kexin was very pleasant. Professional and helpfulBread tastes very good, but is very pricey compared to other bakeries in chinatown. Nice place to sit down and read as well.The interior is very large and beautiful! This is a great place for getting a quick dessert or hanging out with friends; the food all looks very pretty and everything I've tried was tasty. The one thing is that the prices are a bit steep for what you're getting, but I guess you're paying for the aesthetic too.oh, my word. This place is HEAVEN on Earth.  There is free WiFi and a bathroom. The food? So grand, delicious and affordable. Highly recommend stopping here for coffee/tea and a treat.When I was in Seoul, I saw Paris Baguettes everywhere and thought these were French bakeries--well I was an idiot. I'm so glad I was walking around Chinatown in Philly and saw this one. I got the matcha red bean cream puff and the coffee bun. The coffee bun was great: it was soft as fresh. It also wasn't too sweet. The matcha cream puff was amazing. There's matcha cream on top, and more in the middle along with a layer of red bean and a fresh slice of strawberry. I wish there was one closer to my home back in MD.Great place. Very clean. Has very high quality coffees and pastries. Would come here again.Came here at 9 PM which is close to closing time. Not many pastries left, but I snagged a strawberry peanut butter crumb pastry. I wasn't too fond of it -- tasty crispy exterior but the cream inside was a little distasteful. 
I'm a huge fan of Paris Baguette; they have a great selection of pastries, premade juices and the BEST cakes. They're a bit on the pricier side, but definitely worth it. I love their hot drinks -- especially a green tea latte on cold days in Philly. 
The interior is very simply decorated but it does its job. Narrow arrangement but surprisingly a lot of seating once you go past the pastries. 
Glad to finally have a Paris Baguette around that's closer than the Cheltenham location!Delicious desserts, nice atmosphere, and very friendly workers. Its a bit pricy, but it is a decent price for desserts. Will definetly be back!So good!!! Favorite dessert spot in Chinatown hands down~ If you're a chocolate lover(Like me) I highly recommend the ganache cake; I promise you won't regret it! Also, make sure to try their drinks as well. My favorite is the salted caramel latte!Very close to the convention center. If you order a pastry, small coffee is $1. Five things I love about this place: They open at 7:00 (excellent if you are attending a convention), their sweets are not overloaded with sugar, presentation/variety is fantastic and so fresh (they are timely bringing in new pastries), pastries are not soaked in grease, and their staff are very friendly and courteous. 
In your receipt, they print the password of their wifi.My new favorite bakery place in Chinatown. All their stuff are delicious and I can't help myself. They are a little more pricy than the other bakery stores in Chinatown but so worth it.So excited to stumble across this place and it was only .03 from my airbnb. So lucky. Great pastry and really good prices.Paris Baguette of Arch street is my favorite bakery in Philly. It is located between 9th and 10th of Arch street. As I enter, I immediately noticed their huge glass display of goods. Is definitely very different than the traditional bakeries in Chinatown. 
Paris Baguette offerings of goods are also very vast. Traditional bakeries in Chinatown normally offers vita drinks, soymilk, egg tart, black forest cake etc.... On the other hand, PB offers different tiramisu goods, Matcha  goods, puddings, organic drinks, sandwiches etc...... Paris Baguette is definitely more modern and definitely hit the spot for many younger generations. 
I would really buy one of everything just to try them out but Paris Baguette is really really pricey. For example, I bought one crab salad roll and a cream cake today, my total were $10.21. $10 can get me at least half a dozen cake from traditional bakeries in Chinatown.I'm a fan of dessert, of study spots, and of things related to Korea, so why wouldn't I love this spacious and yummy Korean bakery? 
I have so many favorite treats here that my taste buds do a little dance every time I walk into the store. The store does a really good job visually tempting you with all the delicately decorated treats - from the chocolatey to the fruity to savory and more. I really wish I could magically make carbs and sugars be better for the human body so that I could create a healthy diet sustained by Paris Baguette. 
The ambiance is clean, open, and fairly bright, with multiple types of seating and outlets readily available. Wifi password is on the receipt of your purchase but it hasn't changed for me thus far. The only teeny tiny grievance against this place would be that the area with the longer tables have sections with the AC or whatnot right above you so it can be really cold and uncomfortable having the wind blowing on your head (I know, this is so nitpicky lol).
So friends, feel free to suggest this place if we're ever trying to figure out where to meet up for coffee/tea/dessert :)This place is cute. The deserts are good but nothing that would make me go out of my way for. The macarons are not real French macarons.  They are okay but not the real deal. I would go back if I was in the neighborhood for coffee and a sweet treat.I've been eagerly waiting for the Paris Baguette to open because I grew up with this bakery chain in SoCal. This location is quite big compared to the other store spaces in Chinatown and there is ample seating. The baked goods selection is diverse and there's sure to be a flavor for just about every type of craving. Since I recently gave up eating sweets, it broke my heart to walk past the matcha croissants and the tiramisu tart, but I bought a delicious loaf of fresh baked multigrain bread that I've been enjoying everyday for breakfast toast.I wanted to grab something for breakfast so I stopped by this morning. However, the experience that I had was terrible! I saw the poster saying they will offer a free calendar for orders above $15. Even though I only grab two pastries, I decided to get more so I can get the calendar. By the time I got to the cashier, she told me that my total was 14.70. I then grabbed a gingerbread from the counter so I don't have to run back and make others wait. And before I grab the gingerbread, I told her that "let me take a $2.50 gingerbread, because I really want the calendar"! And guess what!!! after they warped up my order, I asked "and calendar?". All three cashier looked at me and said "sorry we ran out of calendars." Excuse me? If you ran out of calendars, your store should have take the posters off, and the cashier that heard me saying I really want the calendar should have told me that there is no more calendars. I spend a lot more than I would have and not getting the respect and trust that I should have gotten. This store is so messed up!By far the best cup of mocha latte I've had, pastries very fresh, beautiful presentation and helpful staff.. my new fav tea/coffee shop in chinatown.. More pricey than other tea shops, but worth itWhat's not to like? Food is pretty and delicious. Chocolate croissant very good, not greasy at all, chicken salad sandwich, fresh, with cucumbers, great amount of greens on bread with black sesame seeds, good coffee, lovely assortment of baked goods, can't wait to try them all.As a lover of cheesecake, I grabbed that strawberry cheesecake real quick off the shelf. Although, I was a bit torn from the price ($6) for a dessert the size of my fist :/ Other than that, the consistency of the cream was nice and thick. It wasn't strawberry flavored, but it was just topped with 2 slices of berries lol. 
Come here early so you'll able to get the pastries fresh and before they run out. My friends and I came after dinner and they ran out of the garlic croissants :(We were here on Saturday at night. Most of the dessert items were sold out so we didn't get to try the ones we really wanted. We tried 3 desserts the almond donut, cheese cake and chocolate chip pastry. The donut and the chocolate pastry was REALLY good. The cheese cake was ok. We also tried the matcha berry drink and it was good but had more ice than needed. The place is really clean which is another think I loved about this place. Will come back for more.I would have paid someone NOT to tell me about this bakery but I stumbled upon it in the Cheltenham location all by myself so no one is to blame for my current addiction to it. 
Bought three pastries to take home and figured I'd eat one a day.  Sure. I ate two and saved one for the next night, but it was sitting next to me while I was enjoying after dinner music. Mistake. It never made it to the kitchen.  
The were all different and all simply divine. Trust me. If you value your waistline, stay away. Goood gift for someone you hate.You will think " yahhh Paris Baguette in China town!!" ... smh good luck with customer service. They need a new staff with better customer services. You're better off going to the one in cheltenham . Asking the workers for anything extra is like asking them to move a mountain. Suck bc i will bring my family out of town here.. guess i have to think twice b4 i do..A gem on Arch Street as you approach Chinatown. Clean and roomy interior highlight the plethora of sweet and savory treats. If I won the lottery tomorrow, I would have stocked Paris Baguette refrigerators/display cases in my house!
And an added bonus, they accept credit cards, a rarity in Chinatown establishments.My favorite study spot in chinatown that opens early and has great selections of drinks, savory sandwiches, and also sweet pastries. Electrical outlets available to charge your phone and laptop too. Try their berry matcha latte!Very good selection but a bit inconvenient for me. I have been told that their Chestnut Street store will be opening any year now. It's been under construction for two years but the word on the street is 2020 if everything goes as planned.Eh. Not the same as the other locations. A lot more variety in NY stores, honestly. Not the same calibre. Just the same name.Wow, really nicely displayed and well organized bakery. The quality is awesome and we have lots of people in and out of the store. It is pretty spacious including self grabbing trays and also eat in tables. Overall, good place for sweets.Drinks are fine, bread is good, seating is nice, aesthetic is cute, bathrooms are clean, whatever.
Now for the part you are actually interested in: the cakes. Oh boy, these beauties are a work of art: for a meager 25-50$, you can score yourself the equivalent of an edible Monet. There are so many intricate fruit/cream/matcha/chocolate combos that you are sure to find something befitting of your special occasion, be it a birthday, anniversary, childbirth, you name it. It's always cake day. Almost every Asian girl I know goes crazy over a PB cake, so when in doubt just get her a cake from here. 
They are delicately balanced with just the right amount of sugar that you can eat 5 pieces without feeling like you had too much sugar. Or maybe that's just me. The moist cake doubles as the perfect pillow for a bed of creamy delight, and if you focus your attention on the berry on top, you can pretend you are eating something healthy for just long enough to distract you from the fact that you just consumed a day's worth of calories in about 3 minutes. For now, the world is just you and your true love for a split second before you eat your beloved. You begin to tear up because you just ate the one thing that you loved in this world, but then remember there's more cake.Cherry Hill H-mart doesn't have a Paris Baguette, and the fruit cake they sell there was good. I went to this location and asked if it would be the same and I was told yes it is the same and when I bought the fruit cake (which was 34.00) it didn't taste the same as Cherry Hill Hmart. I was told wrong. Gonna still drive all the way to Cherry Hill Hmart to get my cake from that little shopped run by ahjummaThis pastry situation can get out of control quick. So you want me to take a tray and go down the assembly line and pick out what I want.. I want them all. 
During my visit here,  I purchased more items than I would admit in this review. My favorites were the fancy apple pie pastry and the almond croissant; both were fresh, flakey, and delicious. I also had a Mocha, which I enjoyed as well. I don't care for cheesecake, but the cheesecake items I saw looked adorable. 
If you don't come in here knowing what you want you can get easily carried away. We did stay and enjoyed a patsy in the seating area which is clean and equipped with charging stations. 
Staff was extremely friendly, another reason to visit my beloved Chinatown.Ordered the boston cream croissant for 3.95 and the little display card said that it would be filled with cream. To my surprise when I tore it open, there was no cream. Extremely disappointed in the lack of cream. Even with cream I feel like it's overpriced.Paris Baguette offers party cakes. It offers savory pastries - a ham and cheese, I think a curry puff, etc. It also has a full cafe in the back. But this review will reflect none of those things for the simple reason that I haven't tried any of them. All 4 or 5 of the times I've gone in, I have come out with some combination of their sweet pastries, and that may have to remain the case for a while, because I've really enjoyed every one I've had from here. 
This place achieves a very special balance between the kind of thing you can readily find in little street bakeries all over China and concessions to more Western tastes. There are plenty of Chinese-style bakeries around Chinatown, but the pastries this place turns out taste like an idealized version of the Chinese-Western bakery to me - flaky but with substance, suggestive of richness without approaching indulgent, not overly sweet or dominated by frosting or sweet mayonnaise or anything funky like that.
Their almond croissants are a good starter for something safe and familiar, and give a good idea of a "base" pastry. There's not a world to say about them except that they're exactly what you should want out of a plain almond croissant. Their apple pastry is another one that wasn't really mind-blowing but just an excellently done take on its concept. Here as with everything I've tried they avoided going too sweet and thus making it taste mass-produced and trashy. Ditto their chocolate croissant - it's not crammed full of chocolate, but what's there is a perfect pairing for the pastry.
The two real all-stars for me, though, have been the raspberry almond croissant and the coffee danish. I haven't seen the raspberry almond croissant too many of the times I've been in, which suggests to me that it could be something that sells out early, and I could understand why. The tart/sweet addition of the jam with the conservative-but-excellent basic almond croissant took it to the next level. As for the coffee danish, it's a bit denser than the rest of ones I tried, though it's all relative - as the one picture I'm including shows, the inside is still airy, light, and fresh. But then, at the core, they add the key addition - a coffee concentration. They wisely don't go with a cream or anything that's going to hurt your teeth, just the concentration added to the dough in the center. It adds moisture and flavor in equal parts to that soft, buttery interior and makes for a real knockout. 
There do seem to be issues of dwindling selections as the day goes on, but that's true of a lot of bakeries. I guess the fact that I've never had any trouble finding something I liked helps take away the sting of not always being able to wander in later in the afternoon and get a raspberry almond croissant. Maybe one day I'll even be bold enough to try something outside of my current comfort zone here. But I feel like I still have a plenty of worthwhile exploring even just in said sweet pastry comfort zone ahead of me if not.Went there to preorder a cake and requested to have them write "happy birthday ____". The cashier said they don't write names on the cake but can write "happy birthday" on it. Ok that was fine. Got the cake, opened it and there was no writings on the cake. Complete disappointment. What was even more disappointing was the cake was covered mainly with frosting. The center had a thick layer of frostings. Basically paid money to eat frostings. The overall presentation of the cake was alright. I just don't get why they used grapes and lime on the cake. Lime can make the cake taste bitter if left in it overnight. This place sucks!Beautiful, clean, simple and quick! This place has a ton of bakery options on one side of the wall to wall clear displays and many creamy decadent desserts on the other side. Everyone will find something they enjoy! This is the perfect dessert spot after trying one of the many Chinatown cuisines. We loved our almond cake and creamy berry cake.Looking for a pretty dessert to bring home and impress your parents for the holidays? This is a perfect place to go! I may be a weirdo, but I have to admit that I love coming here to look at all the desserts. Everything just simply looks divine. I've had some of their smaller pastries, like the croissants, and some of the smaller desserts, and they've all been delicious. Haven't gotten a chance to try any of the larger cakes yet, but as I said before, they all look amazing. Very impressed by this place and can't wait to try more!