A disappointing second visit, after a disappointing dinner shortly after the restaurant opened.  This time we opted for brunch.  For the table, we had chicken liver pate, and for myself, I had egg with gruyere and ham.  Neither were worthy of the prices. My entire was one poached egg, covered in melted gruyere cheese on an oversized English muffin from a local Philly baker.  There was nothing elegant about it. I could have made it at home or found the same at any diner.   It came with a side salad, which I appreciated, and will give high marks for the freshness of the greens, but the salad dressing was cloyingly sweet.  The pate tasted like, well, chicken liver, and it was served with toast that tasted like, well, toast.  What?  no baguettes?  I was hoping to find a meal as good as Parc, which everytime I go makes me cry because I can't prepare food that well.  I will say that the host and wait staff were amiable and attentive.Vraiment!  Truly, "as good as it gets" is a completely appropriate appellation for this gem of a restaurant, although I'd hold back on the "Woo-Hoo!" bit,  thinking of Howard Dean.
Took a party of seven last night for very close to $60 per person including appetizers, drinks entrees and some heavenly desserts.   Really.  You wanna try THAT in Center City?  AND the food, ambience, service (really good, Darlin') and drinkies were absolutely first-water.  
Escargot, pate, a cheese plate (REALLY great Roquefort!) with enough desséché bread slices to actually go around (usually a bistro is parsiminous to the word's defiition with their breads) and a great selection of cheese.  Superb Lobster bisque, too! 
I had the lamb, since it was the Saturday Special, which came with fat little pea pods and "Goat Gnocchi".   I don't know what the sauce on the lamb was composed of, but the lamb was cooked p*e*r*f*e*c... It was REALLY good and it's sauce with the Gnocci was an entirely wonderful accident!   Two had The Beef Borguignon (Excellently prepared!), two had the trout and the 14 year old got adventuresome and had.... Chicken. (Only because they had no Cheeseburgers), but we DID manage to get her to try an escargot (actually three!) and a dab of pate on a desséché (no sale). The other two had the trout and professed their delight in preparation and taste, but, for me?  It's fish.  Glad they liked it.
Staff was MOST solicitous and even got a French language lesson... I doubt she'll ever not know where the bathroom is in French again.  One personal touch; when our flowers hadn't arrived in time for our seating, they gave us one of their own lovely vases to make up for it.  When the ordered flowers DID arrive, they were anticlimactic!  Well done, that Girl!
A very, very nice 25th anniversary dinner for us, and best of all, no rushing about!  Thank you, Maitré  Albert for a superb experience and no exploding wine glasses.Loved the Jazz brunch. Really nice addition to Chestnut Hill restaurant scene. Be prepared to spend a little extra, but the food, drinks, and atmosphere demonstrate preparation and care. We enjoyed ourselves and will be back.Out table of 4 was impressed. Outstanding service. eclectic menu. Reservations are a must especially with the new jazz section downstairs. Cant wait until the warm weather to enjoy the outside seating. A Chestnut Hill gem. Check out the water features and fire pit around back by the free parking lot then stroll the Avenue after your meal.Consistently good food and service. I just wish they would add a bar to the jazz cau so after a good meal you could stop for a drink.What a delightful place! Certainly reminiscent of the quintessential Paris bistro. The pate, cassoulet & short rib were divine. Topping it off with a slice of almond cake & a French press was the perfect ending. Our waitress was wonderful - attentive allowing just the right dining pace. Can't wait to return.We had been talking about going here for a while and finally went Friday night.  We didn't have reservations but were able to sit at the bar.  Fyi if you are in the lower level they charge an additional $7 per person as a cover charge.  
Service was very good - the bartender was on top of everything and had good recommendations. 
 For an app we went with the pate.  Was very tasty but only came with 3 pieces of toast.  Had to request additional which they quickly went and got for us.  Not sure why only 3 small pieces considering the size of the pate?
For dinner I ordered the beef bourguignon.  The beef was done nicely - very tender.  The sides that came with it were disappointing though.  Carrots were way over salted.  The odd side was a large butternut squash ravioli.  First it did not go well with the beef sauce.  Second it was under done - the ravioli dough was crunchy on the edges.  Probably needed another 5 min to cook.
My wife had the duck cassoulet that had sausage and pork belly.  It was very heavy and there were not many vegetables (was like they forgot the white beans that were supposed to be included).
The jazz music was very enjoyable.  There are not many places like this - and was the highlight of our visit.
Overall - very pricey for average food.  Appetizer, 2 entrees, 1 desert, and wine = $200+ after tip and cover.
Would go back but would order different.Finally, a restaurant that serves very good food with excellent, professional service and wonderful ambiance.  
Sadly too often I have fond myself writing poor reviews on Yelp.  This is not the case with Paris Bistro. 
The restaurant itself has wonderful decor, truly giving you the feel of a French bistro.  The noise level is decent but not over-bearing, allowing for regular conversation.
Our server was prompt, courteous, and knowledgeable - exactly what you should expect but don't always get.
The menu selection was wonderful with plenty of French inspired dishes with a few alternatives for those in your party who may not want to go down that path.
We will definitely return for another dinner, as well as to try their brunch.We dined there last night and were disappointed.  The atmosphere is delightful but the tables for two are a bit too close & we heard the conversations of both parties on either side.  The service was spotty - we had to ask for a steak knife, our waitress actually turned and chatted with us as she was serving another table, we were only poured a half cup of coffee and had to request more.  We asked for the steak came well done when we had asked for it as medium.  The vegetable crepe didn't have much taste.  We had so much hope for this place but were let down.  We will give it another try in a few months.We went this evening for dinner and were very disappointed by the poor table accommodation, the average food, and slow kitchen. We made a reservation a week before for 6 persons. When we arrived on time we were forced onto a 4 top. When I raised this with the manager I was informed they always put six on a 4 person table and how comfortable it is. It was not comfortable or pleasant, with forks falling and no place to put our order of food when it finally came. This is a very successful restaurant, certainly it can afford to place 6 persons at a 6 person table. Unless, of course, you don't care. 
The first course, salad, oysters and escargot, was disappointing, but not as bad as our second and last course. The salad was gritty, clearly not properly cleaned and prepared. This was not the first time we had this experience at Paris Bistro, and thinking it was just a fluke the first time was obviously a mistake. The oysters were very good, but the escargot just average. Overall, there is much to improve. 
The second and our last course was late and terrible.  We skipped desert for a more reliable Entenmann's fudged iced cake. For the main course we ordered steak, rabbit, and the short ribs. Standard fare, but not well executed. The food came late, no doubt due to the over seating we experienced and it was cold. We sent the short rib back, which was returned without a discussion, and retuned in short order on a hot plate with hot food. Why it did come hot the first time is unclear, the kitchen certainly had plenty of time to heat it the first time. The steak came at the right temperature, medium rare, but tough and over sauced. From all this it was obvious that the kitchen was overwhelmed and rushed the food. The steak was over heated from the start causing it to turn hard and if it was finished in the oven, as claimed, it was only to keep it warm. Very poor food and an unpleasant experience overall and one we will not repeat.Celebrated a girlfriend's birthday at Paris Bistro. The Sunday brunch was excellent and paired well with Mimosas and Bloody Marys'. The restaurant is in the heart of Chestnut Hill and has a beautiful decor. What made our experience absolutely delightful was Mark's excellent service - he went above and beyond to make it a special and memorable event for us. 
Highly recommend!We had brunch at one of the outside tables.  It took what seemed like en eternity to get a seat even though there were open tables.  It was however labour day and I think the entire city was short staffed so I cannot hold it against them.  Once we were seated the service was great.  We both had the crepes and they were the best we ever had.  I also appreciated that that being a French restaurant they had French beer by the bottle.My wife and I ate here for her birthday and we really really enjoyed it. I had the crispy oysters with saffron aoli and she had the grilled cheese with tomato soup at the bar during happy hour, with a couple Kronenbourgs. They oysters were delicious but I would prefer more than the tiny dot of aoli on each. The grilled cheese with Comte and Gruyere was equally delicious. We moved to our table where my wife had the Bourguignon short rib and I had the Steak Frites. Both were great and well seasoned, a sign of a good chef is no salt and pepper on the table and no need to ask for it. The steak was perfectly cooked medium and was tender and honestly one of the best steaks I've eaten in a long time! Dessert included the chocolate mousse and tart citron which were really good too. The service was polite and professional without being overbearing. We will be back for my birthday! Mmmm Steak Frites, that was awesome.I have been to Paris Bistro many times while traveling to Philadelphia and have tried many items on the menu; each better than the next! The wait staff is stellar, the atmosphere is wonderful. I would go back to Philadelphia just for this restaurant!Was in town and decided to try Paris Bistro. Was pleasantly surprised. Very good service and delicious dinner. Recommend the beet salad and salmon. Also there was a red snapper special whic was very good!Here is a bit of tablecloth art:
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/paris-bistro-and-jazz-cafe-philadelphia#b0VuHMoAbVrl7bwA12JPAA
But why this this review 4 stars? Cause we had a good dinner with a cheery server and decent food.  And bartender came to our table and bought us a round.As a Chestnut Hill resident, I absolutely love having a venue for live jazz music. Based on their lower jazz cafe, I would rate Paris Bistro a 5/5 but unfortunately I found their food a bit redundant and wish that they had more frequent additions to the menu. There was no vegetarian dining option.Had a wonderful dinner here last night. Chris was our server and he nailed it on everything from the perfect Chablis to the Monkfish and Roasted Chicken. Try this place out if you haven't yet. It's well worth it.Such a cute place! Can't wait to come back for a meal. We stopped in just for dessert and coffee. I had the tart tartin which was light, small but a good size, and fluffy!
We also received tickets for jazz on either a thurs/sun night. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu !Excellent meal at Paris Bistro this past Friday. Arrived for a 9PM reservation and we were promptly seated. Service was great. We didn't feel rushed at all. There was a nice crowd of people at the bar, with it being a Friday night, so the place had a lively feel to it. It's also a very nice bar at that. Next time, we'll have to grab a drink there for sure. 
We started out with a variety of dishes for our first course. The Escargot were delicious!! I highly recommend that you try them (and get some extra bread for dipping into the sauce!) The Salmon Tartare and the Comte Custard with Cauliflower were also very tasty.
For entrees, the Cassoulet is definitely a must! It was delicious. Nice and crunchy with some delicious meats (duck, sausage and pork belly!) mixed with white beans. I could eat this once a week. The Short Rib Beef Bourguignon, the Salmon Cakes, and the Rabbit Fricassee were also very good. 
For dessert, try the Chocolate Mousse. It's awesome. 
This place is a great little addition to the Chestnut Hill scene. We'll definitely be coming back, most likely to check out the Jazz Bar downstairs too.I agree with the noise complaints - that is my big take-away.  It is extremely loud in this restaurant.
I have had two very different experiences - with the same waiter each time, interestingly enough.  The waiter was excellent.  It was the food that was off.
Our first experience was with a party of seven.  I ordered the mussels appetizer and steak frites.  The mussels in white wine garlic sauce were amazing... I couldn't get enough and I didn't want to share! They were briney, salty, tender.  Delicious.  My steak was perfectly cooked, tender.  The french fries were even delicious... I couldn't stop eating!
The second experience was with a party of two.  I ordered the exact same meal with the exact same server.  The mussels were icky... tasted somehow like cinnamon? I was glad to be sharing these mussels with my friend... she didn't mind them, but they just weren't what I was expecting.  I'm picky about my mussels!  I also ordered the steak frites.. this time the steak was so tough it was actually difficult to chew.  The french fries felt like they had been sitting under a warmer forever because even those were tough and dried out.  
Also - I tried to stop in for drinks one night and was told at the hostess stand that the bar was full and we should come back in about an hour.  The bar was busy... but not full.  It was just an odd experience, but I thought important to note.  
I will go back again, because I am just right down the street and would love to LOVE this restaurant.  When I do I will update my review.I'm very glad I finally got a chance to visit Paris Bistro.  We went for Sunday Brunch and I really enjoyed my dining experience. The restaurant has a very pleasant ambience. The feel of this place was perfect for a Sunday afternoon, but I can also see it being great for an evening dinner.  While the jazz cafe gets going in the evenings, there was a wonderful guitar player during our visit that played a variety of music at just the right noise level for the room.
We had a variety of brunch options including the morning breads basket, blueberry beignets, Omelettes, French toast, ham, etc... The food was enjoyable and there was a decent variety of options and sides. They had some light cocktail options for brunch as well. 
Service was attentive and pleasant. The food was good, atmosphere great, and overall a relaxing enjoyable meal!We actually had a part two and were able to enjoy drinks and dessert.
I had a couple of old fashioneds (is that the proper plural for the drink?), one with rye and the other with bourbon (for testing purposes) and my wife enjoyed some rose again. We also split the almond cake which was delicious! I was tempted to order another but logic won out.
Definitely a go to place in the 'hood.The food, the ambiance, and the service were exceptional. The duck, and short rib entree were both flavorful and expertly prepared. The band that evening was on point and although it an intimate venue the music was not overwhelming and it didn't hinder coversatom at the table. I will definitely recommend it to my friends in town, plus make a return visit the next time I'm in Philly!I'm from Oregon and came here with my friend that lives locally.  The food was excellent, Norwegian Eggs Benedict, Liver Pate, and The Full French Breakfast. The live guitarist was a perfect addition to the atmosphere. The only fault was that there were multiple menu options not available, they were out of them.  The good news, I wouldn't have ordered them.Incredible decor!  Chef Al Paris has the best style in philly. Everything his team does is worth visiting. This place is no exception. The kitchen has no doors, he wants everyone to experience the joy of cooking. As a matter of fact, he told me tonight is Julia Child night. Wish I could return for another great meal. 
The staff is very personable. Lauren was a pleasure to speak with and we hope her keyboard drys out after a little coffee mishap. Again, we appreciate the warmth and sincerity of everyone on the team.Beautiful ambiance, attentive waitstaff, relaxed atmosphere, delicious food. A perfect dining experience, if that exists!
My husband had the oysters of the day and I , the chicken liver pate. Perfect appetizers with St. Germaine cocktails.
Main courses were seafood crepes and mustard encrusted salmon. The food was 
excellent, in preparation and presentation.
A superb dining experience!I went here for an early Sunday brunch. We sat outside. It was on the sidewalk, but it was cute and comfortable. The French theme makes this restaurant unique. We shared the crab and avocado tartine, and I highly recommend it, I look forward to trying the others. Overall, this was a nice experience with good food and service.What's not to like?  Nothing like this in Chestnut Hill; a great addition.  Very cosy with an adventurous bistro menu.  Could maybe use a few more wine glass pours, but what they had was solid.  Wonderful, small bar and attentive staff.  Me like.Nice restaurant, just didn't quite seem worth the price. The dishes were definitely good, but not great. Service was excellent, and it did truly remind me of a french bistro. Didn't get a chance to check out the jazz downstairs, but that looked like a nice place to grab a drink. I just wasn't super impressed by the food given it's expense, but I would go back to check out the jazz club downstairs (they serve food down there) or if a friend wanted to go back.Superb service, food, wine and drink. My trout was amazing.  Serviced impeccable.  Very Parisian.  I would HIGHLY recommend this place for dinner, drinks and jazz in the basement on weekends.  Bravo!I really wanted to like this place as it is in a great location and has an excellent appearance both inside and outside.  The service is good and attentive. However the food and drink were below average in my opinion. First, the baguette bread was improperly sliced and very difficult to break apart. The chicken liver pate was mushy and not firm; it also had a rather bland taste. The French Onion soup used very strong flavored onions giving it an unpleasant taste, almost like having too much salt. I ordered a sangria and what I got was anything but - it was some sweet white wine like a Riesling with a couple of slices of mango in it. I sent it back telling the waitress what a sangria punch was supposed to be. I did receive back a red wine with mixed fruit, but the wine was powerfully tannic and very unpleasant (bitter) to the taste.  Heaven knows what the bartender did to it.  So basically the food here is substandard. I will never go here again.Paris Bistro only opened a week ago but I hope it becomes a permanent fixture in Chestnut Hill.  The food is amazing.  The crab cakes were the best I've ever tasted, fresh, light, and tender.   My only regret is that I didn't try more from the menu.  The portions are definitely "European-sized," so don't forgo a starter and a side or two with your entree.  You will also have room for a delicious dessert, so don't skip it!  The decor made us feel like we were back in Paris, and the jazz music playing in the background was a nice touch.  The basement will soon be a live jazz venue, as well.  The bar was lively and I highly recommend the signature "Coupe de Grace" cocktail.  It was a bit noisy because of so many conversations, but that didn't detract from our experience.  Our only complaint was that we overheard a manager (at least that's who we thought it was) telling our waiter to "hurry up and get their dessert orders" as a line of diners waiting to eat was forming at the front.  The waiter didn't really make an attempt to get coffee/after dinner drink orders and our dessert did come out quickly.  But he was polite and attentive and I think this is just the restaurant getting the hang of a busy Saturday night.  I think that if you have a Paris-style restaurant you should be prepared to have diners who keep their table for much longer than a typical restaurant--after all, lingering over a good meal with good company without feeling rushed is part of what makes the experience.  (And the longer you stay the more you eat and drink!) So, despite that, I definitely plan to return and I can't recommend it enough.  Definitely a new favorite.Very average food at a high price point.  We really enjoyed the atmosphere, however we were unable to overlook the poor service.Went for dinner last night. Seated at 7:20 p.m. but had no food (including bread and butter) until 8:10 p.m. The warm Camembert appetizer was ice cold. Our drinks were served to the table next to ours, twice. The food was good but not spectacular. Charged for a salad that no one had. Don't think I'll be going back. Majorly disappointed.Very cute little bistro with great jazz lounge downstairs. Perfect meal/price is a bottle of wine, a few apps, and a main dish to split followed by a dessert. The mussels are excellent, and the apple tart dessert is fantastic.Last night was my fourth visit to Paris Bistro and it was excellent as ever.  We sat in the Jazz Cafe for a night of dining and music, and it was a perfect date night.  We each started with a cocktail, a martini for me and a French Old Fashioned for my husband.  Both were excellent.  We shared the Chicken Liver Pate as a starter, and it was delicious and large enough for two.  For entrees, he had the roasted chicken, and I ordered the Salmon & Shrimp pistou over butternut risotto.  It was fabulous and was a large portion.  All the while, we were being charmed and entertained by the jazz band playing - a great group featuring three horn players, a fabulous crooner of a singer playing guitar, and a 14 year old prodigy on stand up bass.  My husband and I are in our 40s and while we like all kinds of music, I wouldn't classify us a knowing a lot about jazz, but you can't beat being on a date night with your love, great drinks, fabulous food and great music when it comes to a romantic night.  The service was great too.  We can't wait to come back!Both kids were asleep by 8:30 and grandma was over so we took advantage of the rare opportunity to escap...have a date night to ourselves.
We had passed by Paris countless times and decided tonight was the night to give it a shot. We were both in our respective 'mom' and 'dad' clothes (she - tank top with what may or may not be spit up, strategically hidden by wrinkles and creases, comfy pants and active sandals, he - plain faded t-shirt, faded shorts and reef flip flops) but we still entered, undaunted. We EARNED THIS DATE!
There were some seats open at the bar so we bellied up and the bartender gave us menus to look over. My wife ordered a glass of sparkling Rose because I think all of the young and beautiful people are drinking that these days, if the NY Post is to be believed. I ordered the tre chic, Negroni, that I've also been reading all about these days.
As we plotted the plates that we would order to share, our drinks were served and we both enjoyed them very much. It was then that I felt the vibration in my pocket. I wanted to ignore it but I kind of knew what the call was about. I took a long sip of my drink to steel my nerves and picked up the phone
Grandma -  "Uh, I hate to break it to you, uh..."
Me - "she's awake, isn't she?" I couldn't handle the rest of the conversation so I handed the phone over to my wife as I signaled for the check. 
Our on the whim french dinner would have to wait for another day, however, we were seated quickly on a Saturday night, my cocktail was delicious and we got a whiff of freedom and whimsy for all of ~15 minutes, hence, 4 stars.
We'll need to revisit and hopefully enjoy a mouthful of food or two in order to round out my experience.I was having a craving for escargot. Wasn't up to going to parc last so we found Paris bistro and haven't been there before so we thought it would be fun. 
Upon walking in it looked really nice the decor was spot on. Was greeted with a warm welcome and seated promptly.  The server was very helpful and attentive. 
We ordered the escargot. We had said we would both have the escargot but they only sent out one dish. Thankfully because they came out cold and with a pile of what seemed liked steam onions and peppers with super thin portobello mushrooms.(in my opinion should never be thin sliced ruins the mushroom) The garlic butter sauce was scarce and bland. 
For dinner we ordered the duck Pappardella pasta and crab gallete. 
The duck was okay and for it being the Sunday special it should blow your socks off. The egg noodles were not seasoned and the duck was kinda scarce and just on the plate. 
The crab gallete were okay nothing to write home about. 
The reason I gave a second star is for the waitress being friendly and helpful and the parking lot in the back. I won't be going back sad to say because I like the chestnut hill area and I have only heard good things about it.I'm a fan of Bistros. We visited Paris for brunch and were quite please. Whether your hankering is sweet or savory there are tasty choices for everyone. The live guitar was an added treat!First time visit and not disappointed. From the moment my wife and I walked in the door until we left, it was a great experience. Wish I could remember her name but our server was excellent, not to mention the food. Big fan of the crab/avocado cocktail.Great experience! The food was delicious and the Jazz was lively as was the crowd. Dress up a little of you'll feel a bit out of place.We wandered in last night during a stroll down Germantown. The hostess said she could seat us downstairs in 20 mins so we took her up on the offer. The basement becomes an intimate jazz club thurs-Saturday. It looked pretty cool and the band was good...I don't know anything about jazz but all of the old people loved it so I assume they were talented.  Speaking of old people, I'd say the average age in the basement jazz club area was 64. Chestnut Hill always tends to be an older crowd but this was the oldest I've ever seen. 
The seating downstairs is very jammed. The man at the table next to us kept jumping in our conversation and it was weird. Also some people kept shushing everyone because they wanted to listen to the music and not talk. Had I known what it would have been like downstairs, I would have waited for another night to make a reservation and eat upstairs. They charged $5/person for an entertainment fee to sit downstairs.  I'd only recommend sitting down there if you're really interested in the music and not so interested in talking to your dinner date. 
The food was very good. I had French onion soup and it was one of the best I've ever tasted. I also ordered the scallops and they were delicious. My one food complaint is that they garnished it with chopped carrots. It looks pretty but raw carrots on scallops or steak does not taste very good. 
I am interested in coming back and trying the upstairs dining experience out. So far, I think this place is a great addition to the neighborhood.Pleasantly surprised. Ate at the bar with a couple of friends which was great as the wait for a table was extremely long. Everything was delicious and the bartenders gave good recommendations for food and wineAppetizers, the cheese selection , dinners and desserts were delicious!
The service was excellent .  We will be regulars!Exceptionally good food, great music, delicious cocktails. A little pricey, but worth it for caliber of food and service. Five stars all around!Went for a bday dinner on a Saturday night and made reservations for downstairs jazz lounge. 
Pros:  Food was very good. Music was very good. 
Cons:  service was  bad. From host and delay in getting seated to wait staff. Very Slow. Staff was pretentious and superficial without high level of service to back it up. 
Food and music good. If you go for that and don't mind unfriendly slow staff it's good place to go.Terrible!  Please do not even waste your time or money.  We decided to try dinner there tonight for their $1 oysters.  The oysters were filthy and tasteless...and we are praying food poisoning does not set in soon.  Our sparkling wine was lukewarm, service was extremely slow, my burger, which I sent back, was grisly...and then they proceeded to charge me for the salad I ordered in its place.  Lobster bisque was meh...mussels very small...not to mention the fruit flies flying over table throughout meal.  Very, very disappointed.This place is not closed on Sunday, yelp is wrong.  In fact they have a jazz brunch on Sunday.  Very cute atmosphere, attentive, friendly service and good food.  Interesting wine and cocktail menu.  This place is here to stay!One of the best meals I have had in life. The only downside was that it was pricey, but I knew that going in so I did not get a heart attack when I saw the bill. The plat du jour was scallops and they were really well prepared. I do not know of too many places where they have so much choice when it comes to fish. Definitely recommend it as a fancy place for a date.Went there for the first time for Valentine's weekend.  The food was very good and service was very attentive.  The entertainment was also top notch. Atmosphere was authentic and similar to cafe's I've been to in Paris.  My only complaint is that the stage is on top of the dining area if you get seated near it.  Next time, I'll ask for a table a little further in the back.Travelling on Germantown Avenue in December is reminiscent of the City of Light - Paris. When we arrived at Paris restaurant the dream was fulfilled. Divine scallops, luscious escargots, Lyonnaise salad with perfectly paired dressing. Staff was spot on with wine suggestions - reasonably priced white burgundy. All reminded us why we love returning here so often.Been twice.  Ate upstairs in the restaurant and downstairs in the bar.  Great service both times.  LOVED the chicken entree - perfectly seasoned, juicy.  Bravo.  2nd visit I had the Bouillabaisse - just OK.  Love the ambience downstairs.  Restaurant is a little loud.  Overall, I really like this place but the prices are a little high.Very nice atmosphere. I love the curtains to curtail the cold air. Compliments to the chef.....The salmon cakes with spinach was delightful. I highly recommend!Since Chestnut Hill is by far my favorite part of the city, I am always glad when a good restaurant opens. I have been to Paris Bistro twice. Overall a great experience. The staff is obviously trained to be attentive and friendly and they do a great job. I have had 2 dinners. The Rotisserie chicken was perfect as were the accompanying vegetables. Last night, I had the Crepe du jour. Crab and rice. It was delicious. The lobster bisque and the French onion soup are outstanding also. I only have 2 gripes. 1: They are extremely busy and all of the little mistakes that occur in a busy restaurant are occurring (having to wait beyond reservation time, people bumping into you and your table, noise etc). 2: Both times I have been there, I have had to sit near the entrance. And even though they have a curtain to guard from the cold, you get a blast of cold air every time the door opens. Overall, they are doing a great job and the food has been magnifique!If you want attitude and over pay, just visit Paris. It's like going to Paris but in America. They treat you like an awkward foreigner in their restaurant.  We couldn't believe it. The host (60 year old Parisian) belittled us for being 15 minutes late on a Saturday night. We called at 710 prior and explained that we were Havertown MF problems finding parking. Upon entering the restaurant, literally less than 5 minutes later, we were told that if we showed earlier than we would be seated in the dinning room but now only had room for us in the bar.Paris is only a few blocks away from our house, and is one of our favorite date night spots. About a year ago I did a low key "bachelorette party" with my girlfriends along Germantown Avenue. We made a stop at Paris where they set us up with a great table and made sure we were having fun. Less than a year later I was pregnant with my first baby! One night in particular I was too tired to leave the house, but had a MAJOR hankering for Creme Brulee. (I know.) Anyhow, Paris (who does not do takeout) make an exception and let my husband swing by and get Creme Brulee to go. They've seriously exceeded my expectations at every turn!!You ever not been to Paris, France and find yourself imagining what it might be like there?  Maybe you've watched a movie in your life? Maybe a movie about Paris?  Quaint. Simple. Boring you out of your mind.  Let's venture into a "Lovely little bistro, n'est-ce pas?".
So, having gotten my "Hey Arnold" reference for this review out of the way, I'd like to preface the rest of this review with a question: Have you ever paid anything for a bread basket at a restaurant? How about ten bucks?  Now, I don't even mind the thought of that... if, let's say, there was a fountain of baguettes streaming out of the basket, directly into my mouth.  There was ONE, count it, one croissant.  The rest of the basket was meager at best.  Certainly not worth ten dollars.
Ok cool, the bread is a rip off.... Can I have some carrot juice? "Sorry we just ran out" Oh great, now (since I don't feel like getting drunk today) I have two other options (almost being literal here)... well what if I do want to get drunk? Great... you have about three more options.
Let's talk about the waiter... I know the French are known for being sassy, but c'mon dude... You just sassed straight into my meal, and now all I can taste is your bitter heart.
On to the next coeurs (PUN!)
My meal sucked.  It was legitimately a small portioned version of any typical ham and bacon diner entree and I made the mistake of ordering my eggs poached (they put some really disgusting attempt at a remoulade straight on it).
There are some saving graces to this place... They have Orangina, and it's very clean.  We got to go downstairs (as a special allowance) to see the Jazz/bar area (which is effectively a Jazz club Mon-Thurs after 6).  A lazy lady lay falling asleep, as she drooled onto a smartphone buzzing with angry birds, at the top of the steps that led into the jazz lounge.  She gestured us on when we told her we'd been given permission to go down (we probably could have walked out with a few bottles of liquor).
I may change my opinion of this place if I ever go back for Jazz night... but I probably won't (go back or change my opinion).  It's a shame because I see a lot of potential for a spot like this, but the location seems to be cursed, having turned over any number of owners/businesses in the last 10-20 years, sometimes simply being closed for a few years on end.  Bon chance my friends.The atmosphere was great.  I ordered Croque Madame but it was little bit salty.  However,  the service was excellent and I would definitely go back to try it another dish.One of the few restaurants I am willing to drive an hour to visit. Paris Bistro remains our favorite spot for a quintessential French Bistro experience. Walking into Paris Bistro the atmosphere is elegant and inviting. It is formal enough for date night, but we still feel comfortable taking our children there for a special meal. 
The food is out of this world fabulous. I started off last night's meal with oysters drizzled with a savory emulsion and red caviar. The taste was unique and superb. My 2nd course was grouper and scallops in a divine glaze. For an entree I had Confit of Duck with a potato puree served off the bone with roasted apples. The dessert was a poached pear served a portion of Brie cheese. 
We had a nice French Rose wine with dinner and I switched to red for dessert. The experience reminded me of my visit to Paris very much. It is not inexpensive, but definitely worth a visit.Solid but nothing to write home about. I had the bouillabaise and thought it was nice but somewhat mediocre....especially in comparison to other stellar versions in Phila (Oyster House, for one). I am bummed that they dropped one of the few local brunch options too!Great brunch in a charming little corner pub, cobblestones and trolley tracks out front, tin ceiling and lamps reminiscent of early 1900s Paris. Excellent service, high quality food and good value. Live music Sunday morning, jazz club downstairs. Lively but still able to hold conversationI was taken here on a surprise date with my boyfriend last Sunday and have been singing my praises ever since. Upon walking down the charming cobblestoned streets of Chestnut Hill and being led to this cute little corner cafe, I was expecting a nice dinner with a glass of red wine. We were early for our reservation and were greeted by a lovely hostess who agreed to seat us early, as the Sunday night crowd was pretty mild. She lead us through a hallway and down the stairs into the jazz cafe (which I had no idea existed, clearly!). The room was beautiful and the crowd was intimate, with dim lighting and a performance area that was decorated with strings of light, adding a touch of charm and magic to the room. I had instant butterflies. 
Our waitress Madeline was extremely pleasant and informative of the menu, adding to what a wonderful experience this turned out to be. We started with the escargot that was served in a butter garlic sauce and soaked up every last bit of it with the delicious French bread that was served upon our arrival. My boyfriend had the Coq au Vin and the chicken was cooked to perfection. Extremely flavorful and juicy, I stole about three bites. I had the Steak Frites Maison served with truffle butter and a horseradish dipping sauce, and it was just as delicious. For dessert we had the creme brûlée and a hazelnut chocolate tart (forgot the name!). While I enjoyed the chocolate hazelnut tart, the creme brûlée was the star of the show. I could not get over how creamy and flavorful it was, it took everything in me not to steal the dish from my boyfriend and lick the plate clean. Seriously that good, seriously recommend it.
The entertainment aspect was what made this whole experience so special and unforgettable. Lucie Daigle & Beau Jazz performed, giving us the sweet sounds of beautiful French jazz. Her voice was absolutely breath taking, and the band was just as incredible. 
I cannot say enough good things about the entire evening, and I certainly cannot wait to go back for more. I have been recommending Paris to my friends and family from the moment we walked back to the car and hope this review finds anyone who loves good food, good music, and good company.Lovely visual atmosphere created by a mix of old-school wooden bar, industrial-style exposed ceilings, wooden floors, and funky terrariums. Unfortunately catering solely to the visual does not lend itself to creating a restaurant in which one can carry a conversation: the bare floors and walls echo, especially when seated near the kitchen.
The food was not on par with other bistro-style offerings in Philadelphia (e.g., Parc). The fries weren't crispy, the duck was dry, and the seasoning overall was just so-so. Dishes that were enjoyed: the shrimp cocktail, snails, and burger (large and very messy).
NB: A fellow diner said that her last experience was actually much better, so perhaps the kitchen was just having an off-night.Had one of the best meals of my lifeat tParis. Crab cakes that were really all crab, asparagus, and baked small potatoes that were soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. The service was excellent;  the decor divine. And don't even get me started about the truffle Parmesan french fries. My daughter has gluten intolerance, but it turns out that the only thing they put in the fryer is the french fries so she devoured this special treat. My special treat was the almond cake for dessert it was light with a crunchy crust and the strong flavor of almond paste; I have never had such a fabulous dessert.
We ate in the jazz café downstairs so we were treated to delightful entertainment aka Billie Holiday style for just $7 a person. This was a magical evening with my daughter. She has a three-year-old so we don't often get a chance to just chat ourselves, but this was extra special.Nice brunch! Beet salad and avocado egg were tasty first courses. The French toast was among the best I've had. Trout with green beans was very good. Chocolate mousse was very rich, while the sorbet was unremarkable. 
The service was only adequate -- better by the support staff than our waiter. I HATE when servers take dishes before all guests have finished.After an 8:00 Saturday night performance at the Stagecrafters Playhouse, we went to the Paris Bistro. It was the first time there for all three of us.
The interior of the restaurant was very charming. Hostess was very accommodating. Waitress was nice.
Ordered the five cheese tray as an appetizer which was very good. For my entree I ordered the Short Rib Bourguignon. Every component on the plate was highly disappointing in flavor and execution. The beef was stringy. The pasta of the butternut ravioli was gummy, like it had been previously frozen and not freshly made. The roasted carrots were cold. The plate the food was served on was cold, which probably contributed to sucking the heat out of the food. The only thing that was hot, was the sauce that was poured over the meat and ravioli. The sauce did not compliment the ravioli. I would have preferred to have a mashed potato or the ravioli served in a sage butter sauce. 
I would not order this dish again. I told the waitress my feedback when asked how the meal was. She seemed irritated that I didn't rave about the dish. She said she would tell the chef the next day when he came in, so I do not know who was executing the food in the kitchen.Food is very, very traditional French. No surprises on the menu. Everything is great though. I'd definitely go back. Great wine list and not too badly marked up.We wanted to support our neighborhood and go out for a 'Chestnut hill restaurant month' dinner and booked a table for 4 at Paris Bistro on a Sunday night. It was pouring rain but the restaurant was crowded. After tasting the food, I'm not sure why it was so crowded, I can only surmise that many of the diners were trying Paris for the first time or else we in CH were so tired of seeing the empty Melting Pot venue that we are willing to accept mediocrity. We are great fans of Center city restaurant week and were excited to try something new in walking distance of home. when we asked for the restaurant month menu we were told it is only available between 5 and 6 and after 9:30pm. WTF, whoever heard of such a limitation? 
On the plus side the staff were nice, helpful and friendly and the service was prompt. Oh, and also the chairs are super comfy! However, although the food came out fast it was strangely mixed up - the soup was scalding hot but the burgers and fries were cold.  The French onion soup at Panera is much better. The tuna on the salad Nicoise was an odd shade of grey.  The portions are unpredictable; the burgers were huge, the total amount of fries was about 1/8 the size of the burger bun. I got the beet and goat cheese salad ($12) which had 2 slices of red beet and spoonful of gold beets,  1 tiny sprig of something green and the tiniest sliver of goat cheese. 
Overall, deeply disappointing. Paris should not participate in restaurant month if they are going to be so mean spirited about it and then serving average quality food for high end prices is just not a good way to get repeat customers!! 
noThe food was good. The service was atrocious. We waited a long time for everything and the place was not that busy. Our waitress was a hit and run server. We flagged down anyone we could for our drinks, coffee, food. When the food arrived it was cold. The waitress never checked in with us after the food was served and when we told her when we paid the bill she said "You should have told me." Um, we couldn't find you.Went last night with friends for some dinner and live jazz.   This was not my first time visiting this place.   Since the last visit the place has added a lot more seating and has become very crowded and noisy.   The lighting was extremely dim and I had to borrow my friends small flashlight to read the menu.  The food was excellent and the service was fine.   The band played well and the featured artist,  a woman named Jesse Kyle was very fine.   The band should have done a sound check before starting their set.   The bass was waaaaaaay  too loud and the piano could not be heard.   The three screaming banshees seated at our adjacent table obviously didn't care to listen to the band and were oblivious of other diners who were trying to hear the performers above their loud conversation.    I don't know what the  "lawful occupancy"  is for this place but I would guess that if the Philadelphia Fire Marshall were to visit this place on a Friday night the owners would have been fined for exceeding that limit.   Moving about the first and second floors was very difficult and uncomfortable.    Please, please let there never be a fire in this place during business hours.   I would hate to hear that folks were trampled to death in their attempt to flee a conflagration in the lower level jazz cafe.   As mentioned,  the food and service were fine but the  "ambience"  was tantamount  to dining in a moving subway train during rush hour.   I doubt that I'll return.We expected more from a place named "Paris". It was hard to feel as if we were at a French place)-: The "pate" Chicken reminded my friend of something else... Please add more French items to your menu as well as more reasonable priced items and French entertainment. Thanks.Excellent dinner! Classic trout almondine was wonderful. The atmosphere was classic French. Intimate setting. Wait staff were attentive.Aesthetically pleasing, but poorly designed interior which lends itself to a very noisy dining experience. The folks that greet you aren't the friendliest, either.
But the food was great. The pate is superb and the steak frites was perfect. I did have to send both of my dirty martinis back because neither time did the bartender make them dirty. 
Our server was friendly, but we did feel a bit rushed at the end of our meal. 
The rating is based solely on the taste and quality of the food.I went for buck a shuck Monday. I got there right around 5 pm. The place was empty and I didn't expect a large crowd around that time. I was the first person ordered oysters, however, the groups sitting next to me for theirs before me. I found it annoying. Then mine came out but the tray had more than a dozen. After my first round of oysters, I asked for another dozen, but this time the tray only had a 1/2 dozen. There was a new bartender behind the counter but he wasn't allow to serve alcohols. I found it odd. Perhaps he isn't old enough - under 21?  Finally, i asked for check. Another issue. The check didn't have correct amount of oysters I ordered for the evening. I left the place little after 7 and place was still empty. Can't beat the buck a shock deal, but received rather poor service.Made a proper reservation but hostess moved us from a good table to crowded table lying to us about needing the space for a large party.   Food was average.  Never return to a restaurant that feels they are doing you a favor by letting you eat there.My boyfriend and I had an incredible anniversary dinner here last week and it definitely deserves 5 stars. Our service was great and food was incredible. Such a cute, upscale, yet quaint feel. We sat upstairs forgetting to mention we were trying to catch the jazz show but we could still hear it a tiny bit upstairs.
We started with some wine, oysters and tomato/herb salad. The tomato salad was very unique coming out with skinned plum and cherry tomatoes soaked in balsamic, oil, basil and red onion that we got some toast to eat these on. I can't say the cherry tomatoes soaked up the flavor well but it was delicious nonetheless. 
We got the leg of lamb in a honey thyme sauce and the steak frites. Both of us made an awkward pleased groan for the first bite of these. The lamb was cooked so well. Tender and sliced in a stack to get smothered by that tasty brown honey thyme sauce. It got a little sweet towards the end, but didn't care one bit. Steak was cooked perfectly to my boyfriend's liking too and came with a cream sauce and tiny little french flag. We were surprised these dishes weren't more expensive.
Had so much food and took the lamb home for another meal. I heated it up last night and the bf came running down the stairs saying "oh my god, is that the lamb? you better give me a bite."
We have to come back and check out the jazz club side!Another meal in Paris, another three star rating.  At this point I just consider Paris a decent French restaurant that happens to be near where I live. There is nothing exceptional about it except for perhaps the atmosphere. It looks nice.  My dinner entrée steak and frites was okay enough but not at all memorable as was the salmon I tasted.  The beet and goat cheese salad with ingredients kept separate on the plate looked the prettiest but was not as tasty as those which have been mixed.  The service was just not good.  It took us three tries to get our waitress to complete our drink orders - she would take one drink order and go put that in to the bartender without taking the rest of our drink orders.  I've never seen that before.  Getting bread was also kind of strange - enough for just half the party.  By that time, we just accepted that 'she was what she was'.  Of course the bill was added up wrong - isn't it computerized?   We told her about it but she didn't understand so the manager came over to deal with it.  By the way - the bill was added up wrong in our favor...a decimal point was wrong - the restaurant would have lost a lot of money.  We were trying to be honest.  Anyway - that is middle-of-the-road three star Paris Restaurant.Live this placeExcellent Easter Sunday brunch with a special prix fix menu. Our party had the eggs Benedict, french toast, salad lyonnaise, avocado crab entree and some chicken hazelnut salad...all phenomenal with excellent service. Loved the Edith Piaf music and the authentic Parisian Bistro feel. Cant wait to return for their regular brunch.