Decent place. Tables and chairs were clean. 
Wanted to add onions to my order and they were very nice about it. Wished their ordering system let you customize your order beyond removing ingredients. 
Their service was fine. They brought the food out to me which was nice. I bussed my plate after. 
Ruben was fine. The fries were bad though. Clearly freezer store brand-type. Then thrown in a frier. No flavor. 
Would I go back? Eh, maybe. Would want to explore other options for sure though.ordered sausage, egg and cheese breakfast sammies around 9:30 on a Saturday morning and they were at my door (still hot!) in a half hour! Double sausage, very solid everything bagel. I like this place!We come here once or twice a week for bagels, beer, necessities, etc. it's always convenient, the bagels are always awesome, and the people at the counter are pleasant and efficient. Very happy with this as our neighborhood deli.This is my go-to spot for breakfast sandwiches and craft beers. It's a great location on spring garden and the staff are all so nice. I've been going here weekly for a year and a half and the cook knows my order by heart. Always nice to check in and see how everyone's doing. I'd strongly recommend for food to order or picking up a quick beverage. Quality food, quality people.Excellent food. Great atmosphere. I ordered the veggie quesadilla, and it was delicious! Service was also outstanding. Chef came up after to ensure of our satisfaction!One of my favorite places when I lived in Philly.  They have one of the best sandwiches in a city that is no sandwich-slouch - the savory scrapple sandwich, featuring the namesake oat and "meat" scrapple slab, cheese, egg, and apple butter on multigrain bread.  All their breakfast sandwiches are fantastic, but I thought that their cheesesteak was just ok.  They also have a nice selection of microbrews on tap, as well as packaged foods and standard mini-mart stuff for sale.  I miss this place.Parkway Corner Deli is a nice addition to the neighborhood. The store is bright, shiny and new. The space was open and seemed very clean. 
The main purpose of my visit was to check out their craft beer. I think normally I'd be thrilled with the selection of craft beers however with Old Philly Ale House down the street, it pale (ales) in comparison. The selection is good, don't get me wrong, but their competition's variety is just hands down better. 
From a pricing standpoint, I was pretty happy. There were six packs of good beers, like Rogue Dead Guy, for about $12. 
The draft beers and ability to purchase 64 ounce growlers will probably be my primary reason to visit moving forward. You have the option to bring your own growler or buy one of theirs for $8 apiece. I was happy to be able to buy 64 ounces Lagunitas IPA for $14 and the cost of the growler.
Their deli sandwich menu also intrigued me and I will need to go back to check it out. They have some fun spreads like cranberry honey mustard and sundried tomato pesto that sounded pretty interesting.  
The staff was very nice however didn't seem too knowledge about beer or beer techniques. During my visit, two of the guys at the front had a conversation with each other about their trouble pouring the draft beer into the growler. The store is new so I'm hoping they'll get the hang of it soon.Came here last Tuesday before our volleyball game at a nearby park. Was very pleased with my experience. I got the buffalo chicken cheesesteak and fries. You order at a kiosk in a Wawa type fashion then you take your slip to pay. What I really love is not only that the food is delicious as hell, but that they have a wide selection of beers! You can mix and match, buy one can, or grab a six pack. 
We ordered food, got some beers, and sat outside for some pre-game libations. The inside and outside seating is clutch. The atmosphere is casual like a true delicatessen and the staff is v friendly. 
I am moving to 22nd and Mount Vernon and will definitely be back to try more of the menu. A source also tells me their breakfast sandwiches are to die for!Amazing and delicious cheesesteak... the best one so far..! The people that work there are really nice tooParkway corner deli is the perfect neighborhood spot. The prices, selection, and quality are just what you want in your neighborhood deli. Not to mention the ample selection of quality beer!Great store/deli to have nearby! Nice selection of beer and snacks and super convenient. My fiancé and I have had most of the sandwiches on the menu and everything is always delicious. I would recommend coming here for food over a lot of the restaurants nearby.Best corner store/market in the city! Great beer selection. Awesome made to order food selection. Can't say enough about this place! If you need a meal, a drink, or any home goods or groceries, GO!!Had lunch here yesterday burger and fries with ice tea only 11 bucks great price for the location trying the cheese steak today hope it as good as the burgerIf you like Fox broadcasting on their TV; then it's your kind of restaurant!
Food is ok.Good food and a great beer selection. My only compliant would be lack of parking, and on the weekends when the parkway is closed or during events it makes the location pretty hard to navigate. Other than that, decently priced, good food and lots of craft beerVery convenient Deli with a mini groceries store. Sells a range of beers. A great place for getting food on a busy day, or for an impromptu party with friends.I really like many aspects of the Parkway Deli but ultimately the food is not up to par. I have been to the deli 3 times. The customer service is actually great. The place is clean and inviting. However, I was highly disappointed by the food. I ordered a Spanish style omelette and home fries for about $8. The vegetables in the omelette were undercooked and it had no flavor. I've had multiple omelettes in diners across Philly and nearly every one I have had was much better. The next time I came in(only cause Wawa was closed for construction), I ordered a ham and cheese sandwhich for about $5.25. It was toasted nicely but it only had one slice of cheese and 2 thin slices of ham. I could barely taste the meat. Really guys?? I felt completely ripped off. I can go to any Wawa and get the same sandwich with triple the meat and better flavor for $3.99. To whoever owns this deli, this should be a wake up call. I love seeing small businesses succeed but the food needs to be fixed or I don't see this place staying in business long.What a great place!!! Visited from Germany. Great Food, we liked the Beer on tap and very nice people! Breakfast was really good!I've been here many times. Just wanted to take a minute and give a shout out ! Breakfast, burgers, sandwiches, Togo beer and convenience grocery story... eat in or take take out ... the food is great! They guys cooking behind the counter are so nice and accommodating! If you are near the art museum and are looking for a place to stop for a quick lunch this is your place !!Solid breakfast for short money, really good hot/cold sandwiches, grocery necessities and a great beer selection. Oh, did I forget to mention they have about 8 rotating drafts and fill growlers to go? What's not to like?! 
Go here and support small business!I've only been here once. The beer selection is just OK, but definitely overpriced. I was also peeved to see beers WAY out of season for sale. 
Never had food from here until today.
My boyfriend had ordered cheese fries, chicken quesadilla, bulgogi burger and Tomato, Basil and Mozzarella Hot Panini. The food looked good for take-out, but that's it.
The cheese fries tasted very bland like nacho cheese. The chicken quesadilla was overwhelmingly salty; Eating it made me feel like shit. The panini was half soggy and the mozzarella tasted weird. Now here's where it gets bad. A few hours later, my boyfriend is throwing up. A LOT. He's never had food poisoning before or reacted this badly to something he's eaten. He's been in the bathroom for the past hour vomiting blood. I thought we both ate everything but the only difference was that I skipped out on the bulgogi burger.
My boyfriend has a lot more to say about the food and this business, but I won't go there. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place.Awesome place for a quick and fresh bite to eat and a great selection of beer. I live close by and love having this place on the corner. The staff is always friendly.Great staffs, large selection of beer. We ordered some sandwiches and dine-in. You can get beer from their draft selection or bottled beers (which they will open for you once you bought them). Nice spot for quick lunch and on-the go.This place is awesome. They serve craft beer on draft, bottles and cases. They have a pile of various sandwiches and have everything that a conscience store would have. I had their cheesesteak when I went and honestly it was ten times better than what I would have expected.Parkway Corner is maybe my favorite place in Philadelphia. Grilled burgers with amazing flavor, a beer selection that rivals most bottle shops and draft beer that you can enjoy on their patio. The grocery selection is pretty excellent, considering it is, beyond all comprehension, just a corner store. I can't reccommend this place enough for beer enthusiasts.
It's safe to say I'll be going here frequently.What a perfect location. A little bit further from the local CCP campus than most stores, Parkway comes with it's advantages, like easier parking, less business, but still close enough to campus.
This corner beacon of light carries a nice selection of craft beer, a full selection of Harboro candies (like...) , plentiful yet fun seating, and great customer service. Very perfect. So why 3 stars? 
If only the food was better... We had a chicken noodle soup, and ceaser salad. Visually we were pleased but the artificial croutons were way too crunchy and tasteless on the salad, it's tough to beat real croutons. The salad just didn't live up to the nice visual effect. It was a let down. The soup was the same. It was basic soup. Wish it could be a little bit better. I'll have to try some more food, as this would be a perfect place to stop on a route to or from CCP if there was something tasty. I'll have to try it again soon, and try out the sandwiches.Disclosure:  I ended up not eating here so I cannot comment on the food.  This review is about my experience there and what I will refer to as the attitude.
I used to live in the building above and probably consumed 60% of my meals in the former diner.  I was saddened when they closed.  then I looked forward with anticipation when I noticed that something new was coming.  Finally, the other day, I was hungry (ok, I was past hungry), looking for somewhere to eat, when I drove by and realized that the new place was open for business.
I was enticed by the sign promising "hand crafted burgers" so I went in.  The layout was slightly confusing but I figured it out.  There are rows of shelves, making it a mini-market and there is a corner kitchen/deli counter.  At the time I walked in there was nobody in the kitchen.  I meandered around, trying to figure out how to order my burger.  I found a couple of employees schmoozing as they stocked shelves.  I asked how to order and they told me to go to the counter and ask the chef.  I pointed out that there was no chef and then they showed me where the ordering computer was, hidden behind a structural pillar.
I found the computer and proceeded to order my "Hand crafted burger".  I began to have misgivings when there was no option for the cook temp of my burger.  I completed the order anyway and returned to the deli counter to confirm my cook temp.  Only, when I asked, I was told (the same same guy who I had found moments before stocking shelves) that he was under instructions from the boss to only cook burgers to well done.  Now, I don't know about you but to me when a burger is billed as "hand crafted" I believe that you should be able to dictate the cook temp.  I would never walk into a McDonalds and order a med rare (actually I rarely if ever even walk into a McDonalds) but they also don't promote their goods as "Hand crafted".  Meanwhile the second shelf stocking guy wanted to offer correct customer service and volunteered to make the burger my way.  I could see that the first dude was very uncomfortable with that happening and hesitant to turn over the reigns.  The second dude was explaining to the first one how to do it.  Even though first dude was wavering he was clearly concerned about breaking the rules.  I decided not to get him in trouble and cancelled the order.
That is all.  If you are looking for a bodega, they seem to have a decent selection.  If you are in the mood for a decent cold sandwich, I cannot tell you how good it would be but the computer is set up to make a custom order.  Alas, if you are in the mood for a "hand crafted burger", this is not the place to get it.Brand new deli with made to order food, coffee, and craft beer open early and closes late. 
I live near by and the new deli is at the gutted and re done location of the old deli. It seems to be under an unrelated new ownership and they have done wonders with the space.
I'm not really a drinker but they have beer on tap as well as a selection of craft beers in the fridge. Coffee is also available and a good amount of breakfast and lunch sandwich options. I had a brie and egg on brioche with ham and it was good.
There is also a small grocer area with drinks, home supplies, and fancy foods (eggs, yogurt, hagen daaz ice cream, etc) that you may need. The price is a bit higher but you are paying for the convenience.
All in all, when I ordered the sandwich the service was good and everyone was friendly when stopped by, all though they misspelled my name as Denise on the order. Sigh sigh.I had the cheesesteak and it was very good. The rest of the family had buffet items and they were ok. Buffet charged by weight which was a good concept, but ended up being a little costly.I grew up in west philly and I'm always nostalgic when back home. My son and his friend "Sammie", super hot chick-shout out to ya girl, recommended this joint.
The place is cool, deli-ish feel but more hip (old sixties and seventies term). Employees were friendly.
Went in to get a cheesesteak of course. They had a very efficient ordering system by way if a kiosk. Brilliant! One can choose their cheese preference, toppings and whether you want extra cheese and meat. When your done with your choices it's sent to the cook.
They have a few tables to dine in which was cool to people watch and have some hard drinks.
I chose to take out. Didn't want other people to see me devouring it like a possessed demon...or at least my grandsons, freaking savages.
The sandwich was pretty damn good. Loads of meat/cheese, great flavor and messy as it should be.
Whenever I return to philly again and I'm in the area of the art museum/Rodin museum I will stop by and try one of their burgers that looks decadent.Stopped by on opening day to check out the lunch menu. I liked the computerized ordering system and my sandwich was fantastic. They have breakfast sandwiches all day, and the avocado, tomato & chipotle did not disappoint. A great lunch and just $3.95!!! This is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood and we will definitely be back!Went to buy a cup of coffee and I got the we don't take debit.  We have a minimum. If you don't have cash there is a ATM behind you.  So, I am supposed to be a $3 ATM fee for a $2 cup of coffee.  My response was here is the coffee.   I won't be back ever again.  You have a Whole Foods next store. WAWA a block away.  You are committing business suicide and will be out of business in a year!This place is awesome in every way. Go there!! Excellent food, awesome service, great prices, up-to-date ordering system, no waiting, no crowding. They have it all under control and it is an great experience.Just had the most amazing stake and egg sandwich. I have always been a wawa goer but after today I might be grabbing my breakfast sandwiches from here. They do cost more but your paying for the quality and awesome service.I just moved to the Fairmount area and came across this deli- and I'm glad I did. They are really well located and their food is great. A huge range of food from deli sandwiches to wings. My go to is usually a hogie and so far they have all been consistent and tasty. They also have a fantastic beer selection, way better than the Whole Foods next door. I also like their self ordering kiosk next to the deli. The only reason I'm knocking down a star is price. A hogie and can of soda is $10.50 which is on the high side in my opinion. Christie's deli 5 minutes away has the same hogie with can of soda for $7.50. If the price was slightly lower this would easily be a 5 Star and beyond deli but all in all this is still a great neighborhood gem!Came here to purchase beer before. Wasn't sure what to get with my dinner, and person working there gave me a great recommendation. Customer service is on point and they're also convenient. A lot of beer options.My wife and I ate at the Corner Deli on Thursday, August 2nd, 2018, and we were quite happy that we did.  We both ordered a chicken caesar salad which was absolutely AMAZING and reasonably-priced.  The chicken itself was actually seasoned (which seems to be rare these days for chicken caesar salads I've had at other establishments), there was plenty of delicious dressing to be had, and it tasted like very fresh lettuce  was used.  We would highly recommend a stop here after a visit to the museum!Good sandwich selection, food was very good, especially the bread, better than WaWa. This is my new go to spot.Cute deli/convenience store we stumbled upon while looking for a bathroom while visiting Philadelphia. I am a Belgium wit beer lover and found a beer I've been wanting to try. Place had a lot of character and nice people working there.My favorite breakfast place!  I'm in love with the Asian girl who makes the coffee, and the food is amazing! Lots of tables to eat at, food is made per order and extremely fresh, and did I mention the girls who work here are cute? :)  
Thanks for all the great service and food!!Have had limited success shopping for dry goods. Almost no fresh items, although there is ample space. 
Decent beer selection. Nothing is priced, even though prices of stocked beers vary hugely (12 oz single bottle o' beer ranges from $2 to $20+). Obtaining a price entails bringing individual beers to front of store, where POS system is queried, then process is repeated. Employee manager indicated that it would be too much effort to either price items or print a price list. Once determined, prices aren't great - Example: Victory Hop Devil 6 pack, at $15, is at least a buck cheaper from the nice bar on Fairmount. 
Place is usually empty. Frankly, I expect it to be out of business within 6 months. So sad!Nice beer selection, friendly staff and good reasonably priced food.  Cheesesteak and burger were especially good.  Cubano was not among my favorites, though.  Touch screens are always a plus, too.  Decent sized seating area.Went here for lunch today and was impressed. The outside seating was a nice touch as well. My sister had the caprese sandwich and I had the BLT, both of which were very yummy!Not bad. Food was great but the service could definitely be better. I feel like the person serving me wanted to punch me in the face just for coming in and ordering a sandwich. 
Even though it made it awkward for the ordering process, i have to say it was worth it. First off the food was fantastic and to compliment my turkey sandwich was an array of craft beers tip choose from. 
The prices are decent, not too expensive but not exactly a place you would eat regularly if you were on a budget. 
The restraints decor is gorgeous and it is definitely a place i will stop by again. Mainly just to grab some of the beers they have and some of those sweet meats to take home. Probably won't stay too long so that the cashier doesn't have to mean mug me the entire time.I've been incredibly pleased with Parkway Corner Deli. The beer selection is incredible, and the food is really good. Location couldn't be better for the Art Museum/Fairmount area, and the staff is always really helpful and thoughtful. The owners have stocked items I've requested, and are always responsive to concerns. After 6 months of being a regular, I can't imagine life without Parkway Corner Deli.This place is brand new. Very clean, orderly shelves of basic grocery items with a few tables to eat at. I ordered a sandwich on my first visit, but it was very small, very expensive, very dry, took forever to prepare, and just not very good overall. So I have stayed away from ordering food since my initial experience.
They have beer as well, six packs and growler fills. I've come back a few times for this reason. The staff is pretty awful though, either eyeing you the entire time you're there or glued to a smart phone. During one transaction the guy got lost in his phone in the middle of the credit card process, and didn't even acknowledge that I was approved and can move on with my day, I just stood there staring for a few seconds for him to finish his text. 
Other than the ability to fill a growler, this place has nothing that other places in the neighborhood already offer and do a better job at.My boyfriend and I love their breakfast! Fresh, reasonably priced food with friendly atmosphere and great location. I occasionally stop in to buy beer as well but I come here mostly for an omelette or french toast!Corner Deli is the BEST! Walking here for lunch 2-3x per week was about the only positive aspect of working in the Museum district. Whenever I'm back in town, I make it a point to always stop in. 
Great staff, attentive grill cooks, and outstanding food. Other area businesses (including the Philadelphia Museum of Art) could take a lesson from the level of customer care offered to each and every customer that walks in the door of Parkway Corner Deli! 
I recommend their tuna sandwiches (on white toast) with lettuce and American cheese! Their salads are fresh and delicious every time. 
You can never go wrong at the Parkway Corner Deli!This place could not be more convenient, as it is literally in my building. Everyone who works here is super friendly. The food is great - I especially love all their breakfast offerings. The other day, I got their pancake platter for the first time - super tasty, and a great price. All the take-out beer is pretty reasonably-priced. I also come here often when I have the munchies and want a pint of ice cream or potato chips or soda.The more I shop at the Parkway Corner Deli, the more I like it there. 
While the beer selection is still not comparable to Old Philly Ale House, the beer selection is solid. Additionally, the customer service is great. The staff asks for customer input for the draft beer offerings and puts a lot of thought into the available selection. 
They also schedule beer samplings in their store with breweries. The samplings aren't fancy and probably not worth traveling far for, but it's nice to get some face time to talk beer with the representatives. I've been able to taste some beers I wouldn't have normally tried, and then ended up buying some to take home. It's a great business model because every time I go to a sampling, I ended up buying something I sampled and then something else. 
This is a good establishment to have in a beer-loving part of town.I LOVE Parkway Corner Deli! Definitely one of my favorite spots in Fairmount. Their food is always on the spot. They have an amazing selection. Their staff is always helpful and nice and the prices are reasonable!
My go to for lunch or dinner is the Tomato, Mozzarella Panini. Ive had it so many times and its always delicious plus you get either fries or a salad with it! For breakfast I usually get an everything bagel sandwich. Again, consistently good!
Don't get me started on the beer selection! They have everything. Great spot for a quick beer run. 
You can eat in, take out or order on GrubHub!I've been here six times (not my neighborhood store, I don't live in the city), every time thoroughly enjoyed the best cheesesteak sandwich! $8 including fries, fresh and hot! The place is clean, the staff is nice.I live really close to this place so I go when I don't feel like cooking. There usually isn't a long wait time and their food is pretty  good. The beer prices are great and I can't wait to try some new ones!Best cheesesteak in Philly I've eve had so far!!! The owner said because they use FRESH meat!!! Great!The food and beer is amazing. They also have grocery items and organic options- definitely a great variety. The best part about this place is the staff! They are all warm, friendly and accommodating. So glad this place is finally open and I know it will do well! :-)Swear to god, I'm not even kidding, the BEST cheesesteak in the city. Everything here is made with care, and you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Plus, they walk the food to you. Plus, it's well priced. Plus, they have beer on tap and bottled. 
Really just an incredible place.It's a nice place, reasonably convenient to the bike path along the river.  It's also a viable breakfast/lunch alternative for those visiting the art museum.  They have a surprisingly extensive menu of sandwiches and paninis, and given the location, prices are very reasonable.
Also, the owner kindly allowed me and my son to bring our bicycles inside while we ate.I love their bagels! This place is huge- has everything you might need to eat. Good food, very fresh. The people who work there are friendly as well.I love Parkway Corner Deli and I think that it has one of the best beer selections in the city. I think the name is misleading since Parkway Corner Deli is so much more than a deli. The management and staff is always very friendly and they have a variety of fresh and quickly served menu items. The restaurant is comfortable and they are frequently showing sports on TV which is an added bonus! This is a great place to grab a bite or a six pack in Fairmount.I've been coming here since it opened and somehow it has gotten worse each time. I think I'm finally giving up on this joint. When made properly, they sandwiches are delicious. But more often than not they don't make them correct. This latest order had cheese all over when I specifically said no cheese. They forgot the bacon on a club sandwich and also forgot my French fries that are included. I called to let them know of the errors and all I got was "the manager will be in tomorrow morning ". No offer to replace or make the food right. 
There are many, much better options in the neighborhood. Don't waste your moneyPlace is pretty superb. I usually order off of Grubhub; haven't been in person. Delivery is normally within 40 minutes and food arrives fresh & hot.
Their breakfast is what usually keeps us ordering. Steak & eggs on a bagel & the meat & egg sammy on a long roll is highly recommended. 
For lunch, grab the Pastrami burger. So filling and deli-icious.Amazing sandwiches!! Friendly staff. Don't be turned off by the appearance of the place, the food is amazing and affordable.We stopped in here and tried their Philly Cheesesteak. I really enjoyed it! I had lettuce, tomato, mushrooms, cheese whiz, and mayo on it. It was stuffed with steak and the lettuce was a nice green color and crisp which is important to me. The fries were nice and tasty too. I would definitely come back here to have lunch again. The people were very friendly.The take-out food is always delicious and filling and the beer selection rocks. Plus, the folks at the deli counter and front register are always nice.OMG please come get an everything bagel with Lox here, it is FABULOUS. I watched the gentleman make my bagel with such care and precision that I knew from the way he was laying the salmon on my perfectly cream-cheesed bagel that it was going to be good AND OH BOY WAS IT GOOD.
Also, this place is so friendly, clean and has such a great selection of food from delicious organic/vegan snacks to cheetohs.  You can literally find anything you want here.  Pop in next time you are checking out the museums and you won't be disappointed!New management. Total disaster at first. Kitchen closed for a week or two. Memo and dry goods drastically reduced. 
I'd try occasionally until we see if they regain their strength. 
An excellent neighborhood deli. Full range of breakfast options. The usual eggs, meats and breads and some specials. Hoagies and cheesesteaks for lunch. All the junk food you could want such as chips and cookies. Large beer selection including drafts.I had the cheesesteak.  The cheesesteak was a little better than average but this was a great little place.  big, clean, bathroom, helpful employees, miniature Gruden and big menu.Went to pick up a sandwich after dropping my car off for service. Ordered their signature turkey sandwich. It was supposed to have roasted garlic. I couldn't taste it or see it. The cranberry spread was only in the middle of the roll and barely discernible because it soaked into the roll that overwhelmed the sandwich. The sandwich was over $8 after tax and I would have gotten a better sandwich at wawa. It wasn't busy, I was the only customer so you should have taken the time to get it right. If I hadn't taken it to go,I would have asked you to fix it.I'll admit, I'm a below average beer drinker. I typically stay with what I know...unless I go to Corner Deli. They often have interesting beers on sale which has helped me take the big gulp and spend some buckos on something new. The staff is friendly and patient, and they remember and love my kids!Great deli! We love the paninis, cheesesteaks, sandwiches, fries and onion rings! Not the biggest fan of the chicken sandwich, but everything else we get, we love! Definitely recommend! You can do online order and pick-up is super easy. Everyone is really nice!Awesome food, good prices, nice beer selection, and super friendly staff. Groceries items are a touch expensive but I'm willing to pay it for the convenience of not leaving my building. The $5.95 chicken strips and fries are a life saver after a long dayUNDER NEW MANAGEMENT! Unfortunately this place isn't the terrific deli it used to be.
Used to love the Cheesesteaks, Italian Hoagies and hot, crispy fries this place had to offer but sadly all that has changed. Found out that the business recently changed hands and the old kitchen crew quit. 
Ordered a cheesesteak with Wiz & fried onions (comes w/fries) and an Italian hoagie. 
The fries were soggy & cold.
The cheesesteak had a LOT less meat on it & too much Wiz.
My Hoagie had a lot less cold cuts and I had to put on my own Long Hots at home.
To the new Management: You've killed the goose that laid golden eggs. Get your old Kitchen staff back and stop trying to cheap out.This place is great. I've tried several of the sandwiches - panini, cold sandwiches, and breakfast sandwiches, and they are all delicious. The fries are always fresh and crispy. A nice beer selection, and the place itself is always clean and well-organized, with a little grocery section in there too. And everyone who works there is so nice.Great quick and convenient deli.  The cheesesteak is really good here.  I'd say definitely top 3 cheesesteaks in Philadelphia.  The paninis and breakfast sandwiches are also really good.  If you want a quick deli with quality meats this is the spot.An excellent neighborhood deli. Full range of breakfast options. The usual eggs, meats and breads and some specials. Hoagies and cheesesteaks for lunch. All the junk food you could want such as chips and cookies. Large beer selection including drafts.BEWARE - UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT! One of my favorite places in the neighborhood is now terrible.  The burgers used to be up there with the best in the city, but since ownership changed, they're now inedible.  What a shame.  The neighborhood has lost what was a wonderful spot.Easy, very clean... and fast! 
Stopped by this deli shop to get a bite to eat before heading out of Philly. Located on the corner of Spring Garden and 22nd Street this place has it all! This deli was just a block away from the Art Museum steps (from the movie Rocky). After looking at the sandwich options menu board and the window of all the deli fusion meats I just couldn't decide on whether to get a sammy or try one of their handcrafted burgers.
I ordered the Turkey and Roasted Garlic Cheddar cold sandwich. It has homestyle turkey, roasted garlic cheddar, cranberry honey mustard and mixed greens on ciabatta bread. Mm, maybe I could've done away with the cranberry honey mustard but for $7.95 can't beat this deal. Love how everything was fresh and made with care. They also offer salads, hot paninis, soup... and really, I should've tried the classic Philly Cheesesteak while in Philly! what was I thinking... or not thinking! ¯\_('~')_/¯  
The deli section is towards the back of the store. They use delicious Philly staples featuring their premium meats and artisan cheeses. There is a seating area towards the front of the deli with high tables and regular low ones. The seating section is to your right as you walk in the store. For coffee you pay for the cup at the register and serve yourself across the way where they have the hot coffee table.
Review #1235My post 4 mile run had me craving a bagel sandwich. I used Yelp and the Parkway Deli peaked my interest. Walking in you can see its also a small convenience store where they sell the necessities. 
You go towards the back and place your order with the staff and pay at the register up front. It took less than 5 minutes for them to make my Everything Bagel with egg, pepper jack cheese, and spinach. They cut it in half, wrap it accordingly, and I walked and ate (only half at first) back to my car. Each bite was perfection. 
I'm glad I stumbled upon this little gem. When I do my morning runs at the Parkway I'll make sure to end the run right at your front door!Just purchased 2 breakfast sandwiches this morning from Parkway Corner, for some reason one of my sandwiches was not correct. I simply placed my order in the kiosk as follows: Toasted kaiser roll, sausage, C-Sharp cheese, light pepper and butter on the roll. When I was about to eat my sandwich, I noticed that my jaiser roll didn't have "butter" on it but it was MAYO which I am not a fan of and it was thick.  As a new customer I thought that I found a great breakfast spot but has definitely dampened my morning meal. #daytotallyruinedSo glad this place is conveniently located just downstairs from us, especially in the days of quarantine and stay-at-home orders we're all currently living in. They have an interesting selection of beers. I always make sure to try something new. We don't have many options for take out close by right now so whenever I'm sick of cooking we get their food. You can appropriately order a good selection of deli items on a POS system without having much human contact. I don't have much to  compare to aside from my trip to Geno's over a decade ago, and the inedible, poor excuse of a Philly cheesesteak you get in the South (our specialties are fried chicken, bbq, and our contribution of Waffle House), but I stole part of my husband's cheesesteak the other day, and today I got my own :). Trips to Whole Foods and Target are sort of a frenzied undertaking atm so if I forget an item from my grocery trip, they have items like onions, eggs, sour cream, and plenty snacks. The owners are also very nice, and we make sure to say hello to them every time~