Passero's is definitely a shining spot in the dregs of Suburban Station. Really decent coffee, both iced and hot, nice selection of baked goods - especially their carrot cake squares, which have a layer of cream cheese frosting in the middle - wow, so delicious and moist. They also have a good rotation of soups, as well as small salads, oatmeal, and yogurt. This has become my go-to spot in the morning before heading up to work. The staff is also fantastic - friendly, even early in the morning. Definitely hit them up over Dunkin Donuts or Au Bon Pain.If COFFEE is  what you are after, this is the place. Real pure bean varieties well brewed and at the right temperature. I miss the old locations. Now you can find Passero's on the concourse at Suburban Station and in the Wanamaker Building. The service is quick and friendly.Strong coffee, 10x better than Starbucks and cheaper, vegan jewish apple cake is awesome. Gluten free items too. Funky! Never more than a one minute line. I go multiple times per week.Dear Passero's,
Although a small size is verging on $4, I am a total addict for your pretzel mocha. It's the best combination of caffeinated sweet and chocolatey saltiness to ever grace my taste buds. You can rest assured that I will be a once-a-week customer for as long as I live (in Philadelphia). Thank you for showing me the light.I have liked my last 2 stops with these guys. The coffee is good like my old coffee shop and the staff is friendly. They offer suggestions. I really  like this place. The one i went to was in suburban station.Gotta love a place that knows what you want before you even ask. This is especially clutch when you're only half awake in the morning trying to get your day started with a tasty brew of Black Gold ASAP. It's even more impressive when you come down for your afternoon brace and they're already making your Americano.
Combine that great service and good coffee with some tasty desserts like their brownies, coffee cakes, carrot cakes, and cookies from 4th Street Deli, you've got a regular coffee spot you can rely on during a long week at work.
Thanks Passero's!This place has quality products, great prices, and extremely friendly employees 
Try their chocolate chip cookies. They warn them up do they're gooey and perfectI stopped today in curiosity while I waited for my train to find out that this is the oldest coffee shop in Philly.  Not only was my raspberry mocha outfrickenstanding, but the service was friendly and fast.  I'll try their drip next time... very curious.  I'm not sure if it has it's niche by being the only great spot in the dump of Suburban Station, or if is better suited for the street... in my opinion, it should be where it is but above ground to really bring in the vibe.  
I can't give it 5 stars (yet) because there is no coffee shop appeal and it's in an ugly train station.  Regardless, worth the to-go coffee stop.I'm excited Passero's is back!  The caramel mocha ($3 for 12 oz) is very, very strong.  I could barely open my eyes when I ordered it and 1 hour later I feel like the energizer bunny.  Good thing I ordered a small!
I also picked up a locally baked, vegan, gluten free pumpkin pistachio muffin ($3).  It sounded good at the time, granted I was half asleep.  I excitedly brought it to the office to share with a coworker, but it turned out to be possibly the worst baked good I've ever tasted.  I'm embarrassed I shared it and think I may have lost a friend!  It was bland, salty and slightly bitter.  Play dough comes to mind.  
Friendly service and terrific coffee.  Right now it's cash only, but I think they're working on that.I normally LOVE Passeros but after saying 2x I wanted a blueberry muffin and the cashier even confirming it, I get to my desk to find an apple bran muffin.... sad.It feels criminal to have enjoyed their coffee and food for so long and not write a review for this place...so here goes:
Everything about this place is above and beyond what you could ever expect from a "coffee place".  They have standard go-to coffees like their house blend and Black Gold that are great, however every morning you can see what coffee is the varietal of the day (typically organic fair trade regional coffees) and the flavor of the day (great things like hawaiian coconut, chocolate hazelnut and many many others).  Always fun to try the different coffees and expand your horizons.
The staff is excellent all day round.  In the morning, they are able to handle the heavy load of customers lining up for their morning java, and in the afternoon they are able to quickly hand out any goodies from the amazing brownies to the delicious cookies to the great salads and soups.  Everyone has a smile on their face and are genuinely nice people.  A real pleasure to see on a daily basis.
The quality of the coffee and food is great and the people are great.
What more could you ask for?!The 'Flavor of the Day' is the best part of my morning, hands down. The service is awesome and FAST, and the people are really swell.  Passero's is definitely my go-to coffee place!1. Passero's just reopened and I went for my morning latte. Their coffee is good, strong and definitely not bitter. They have a nice bar with all the fixins and I hear rumors they serve lunch.
2. Service was SO fast  (forget spending 15 minutes in line at Starbucks!) but maybe because I was the only one there. They promptly made my drink and...even gave me suggestions on how to improve it. 
3. They're friendly. Maybe too friendly. I'm not one to sit and chat with the barista when I have to go to the office, I just want to grab a coffee and go. If you decide to visit, just follow the smell of fresh roasted beans and the sounds of Frank Sinatra wafting through the station. They play him really, really loud.Passero's is a great alternative to the 7 Dunkin Donuts and McDonalds that seem to be popping up everywhere underground.  Everything there is freshly prepared & delicious.  Very unassuming place that is worth a stop.
I love their soups & cous cous salads.  I just wish they'd stop running out of stuff so quickly!Love this place. Awesome regular coffee iced coffee and cappuccinos  real good qualify stuff. also they have good muffins and even better croissants 
Staff is friendly organized and FAST. they move a line like nobody's business.  It's never taken more than 5 min for me to get my order even when there is a big line
Did I mention the good music and disco ball?I have been here 2 times-once before in the afternoon & they were friendly & super  nice, but my iced latte wasn't anything to write home about. I am on a new health kick & passed by & saw they have almond milk. MMMMM. The uber awesome staff whipped up an almond milk latte for me with spunk & a smile. Quick chitchat while adding cinnamon and off I went. My first sip stopped me in my tracks-- it is ridiculously good. Like ridiculous. This is the best goddamned coffee ever to pass my lips in my short sheltered life. This shit is like the nectar of the gods. I'm pretty sure this coffee inspired Lady Gaga's new song 'Venus'.   I would get married again and serve nothing but this latte in huge fountains at my reception & everyone present  would proclaim it to be the best wedding they'd ever been to for years to come. Why am I only now discovering the goodness of almond milk lattes at this close wonderland of an establishment? I feel like a straight up Newton this morning. 
Thanks Passero's--I'm ready to take on the world now.I've been a customer of their Suburban Station location frequently (less frequently at their Wanamaker Building location), and have found that the consistently brew a great cup of coffee. The staff is always attentive and friendly, and I love the 2016 New Year's advisories on their sandwich board - check out my photo. Passero's is a bright spot in what is largely a drab and uninteresting regional train station.Great place for coffee. I'm a tea and hot chocolate person and love both their tea's and hot chocolates. Great snacks too. They have soups and sandwhiches , never tried those though.Just recently started picking up train at Suburban rather than 30th & stumbled (eyes wide shut due to lack of morning Joe) upon the quaint local business. Seems they offer a great selection of drinks & fare including salads and small bites but I was there for only one thing - My usually standard Starbucks gone local Vanilla Red Eye. Pleasantly greeted & cared for by the cashier. I noticed if you were a regular she had your drink ready in advance. Couldn't ask for a better cup at a more reasonable price (3.50 as opposed to 5.50) red eye.
I'll be back!This is my new go-to morning coffee place. The coffee is really really good. The service is also excellent. Even if I see a long line I know it will be quick. They ask what you want almost as soon as you get into line and it's ready by the time the cashier is ringing you up.  Oh and did I mention the coffee is awesome!Im not saying this just because im a neighboring employee (cough-pretzel factory cough cough...) but their coffee and cookies are only rivaled by their service. they're quick without rushing you and efficient while still managing to brighten your day.
       They also carry level up, the new way to pay with your phone! Its (Finally!)completely free and totally safe to use. You just hook your card up to your phone and pay through an encrypted bar code. 
         No one ever gets your card info so you're safe from identity theft. Plus level up acts as a loyalty club so as you spend money at the places you normally shop you get money back. passeros offers $4 for every $40 spent! 
         if you haven't gotten level up yet use this code to get a bonus $5 global credit to use at any level up carrying location!!! 9WHRC2 and no worries the code never expires! everyone can use a free caffeine fix..or two lol!!! ^.^Everything they serve is dangerously delicious. I could eat their cinnamon coffee cake and/or their carrot cake every single day (and those are the only two things I've tried- I'm sure everything else they serve is just as good). The staff are always pleasant and friendly.Excellent soup, excellent coffee, friendly staff (but they're also very efficient. So have your order ready ! Lol. ) This place aims to get you "in and out"! I appreciate the speed! High quality , reasonable prices for the location. Keep up the great job. Fresh soups. Try the chicken chowder, the Jamaican jerk chicken, or the white bean chicken chili.A great and happy place.  Five stars because the coffee is outstanding, the food selection is thoughtful, fresh and tasty and it is authentically of the community (albeit in the Suburban Station dungeon).The Passero's in Suburban Station is my everyday go-to. They are always unfailingly nice, very quick and efficient, and their coffee is fantastic! Also the quality of their coffee and other drinks comes at a better price than any other boutique coffee shop in the area. I know Philly lives on DD but if you're looking for quality coffee and service at only a fraction more of the price, Passero's is absolutely worth it. Small varietal every morning for me!Free wifi, takes credit cards, friendly - not fake - service with a smile, and some pretty serious coffee.  Definite upgrade!
I'm hooked on their pumpkin bread & espresso drinks.  
I bought a reusable mug - very large - and Passero's donated the proceeds to local charities.  Now I have an eco-friendly cup that comes with a discount every time I get a refill.
The coffee here is still amazingly strong.  It's the perfect swift kick in the behind that I need to get moving during these brisk winter mornings.Such friendly service. I appreciate that they have non-dairy milk options (almond,soy, &coconut)  out for coffee. Although they don't have a lot of vegan food options it is definitely a huge plus that they had a couple.Excellent and surprisingly quick staff even during rush hour. Always grab a nice hot cocoa from this shop. The staff is extremely friendly! Well priced.Starbucks is so far away from Passeros in the quality department, it might as well be located on Mars. 
Awesome coffee, tasty snacks and excellent service every time. The customer service world could learn a lot from the way these fine folk run things.3.5 stars.
I came off of a redeye flight into Suburban station. I got the house blend and an oatmeal. That set me back a reasonable $4. In fact I thought the server had under charged me. The coffee was so-so; the oatmeal  tasted like it was from a Trader Joe's (Starbucks still has the best oatmeal on the go.) I was reading some other reviews about how great Passero's beans are, but you must have to order a special brew, and not the house blend, to feel the same way.
I sat at the under used coffee bar side which seems to be where regulars wait around until their brew is ready. There's free Verizon wifi in the station at the moment probably as part of the advertising takeover in the station so i busted out my laptop and did some work before heading to the office. I'd come here again because of the laptop-friendly seating and proximity to the toilets.
P.S. The water fountain nearby seems to attract all the homeless looking characters looking for hydration.**this review is for the Passero's at 18th and JFK.  Oops, I mis-read the address.  Is Passero's even there anymore?**
I worked in this building for 3 years, and I was most certainly a regular at Passero's.  The staff there was always so nice, took the time to chit-chat, got to know you by name and remembered what your "usual" was ---even sillies like me who tend to switch up their "usual" every so often.  These folks were ON!
The coffee was yummy, as were their muffins.  I moved out of Philly in 2005, so it's been awhile.  I hope the place hasn't changed much.My favorite coffee place in Philadelphia. I work right in Center City and have many coffee places within walking distance, but I come to Passero's every morning! I get an iced coffee/cold brew usually which is so good, but their hazelnut lattes are also to die for. The workers are so friendly and the coffee is organic and fair trade.
They always have an inspirational quote on a dry erase board, which I love. Passero's is the best way to start off my mornings.This is going to be my new morning coffee spot. I used to go to Starbucks because, well you know, everyone does, right? This place has better prices, an amazingly friendly and fast paced staff, and amazing coffee.  For any of you coffee snobs out there, this place is legit.Great coffee, even better staff ! I don't go a day without stopping by . The pick up from the coffee and the friendly smiles keep me going for the rest of the day .Passero's is a reliable place for a morning cup of sassy caffeinated deliciousness.
Do not try to come here while rushing for your 5:15 PM train, as the place with either already be closed, or moving slow enough that you'll never make it to your platform in time. But the mornings! Oh the mornings...
Their mochas are super potent, and come in a variety of crazy-sweet flavors like Nutella Mocha, Dark Chocolate Mocha, and S'more Mocha.
It's the perfect combination of decadent treat and Übermenschian energy (so you can burn off a few of those calories while you're at it?) I'm always seeking the perfect mocha or sweet coffee drink and Passero's always satisfies that craving!
Travelers note: Passero's has a small footprint so there's not really a place to hang out, or chill, so grab your drink and keep on moving.The best coffee in Philadelphia. Theres always a variety of roasts for every palette and the service is incredibly friendly. The owner Jeff Lincoln opened up in 1990, before Starbucks was in town, and has been kicking ass ever since.
Theres always gluten free, vegetarian, and occasional vegan options and they serve great soups. Stay away from the vegan muffins though, they're over priced and taste horrible.Love the coffee. However, the Suburban Station staff are really unfriendly. Recent experiences have been really great! Afternoon staff are really friendly and interested in the product. Thanks!I love the lavender lemon cake at this Passeros. Thanks for having vegan desserts Passeros. Keep it up and I'll keep coming.
The location is convenient for commuters and those of us who cross through Suburban Station to avoid a rainy, hot or cold day.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about their products.  And, I love love love the desserts and tea.Passeros is located very close to my building, which makes it a very nice stop on my way to work! They have the BEST bread and scones!! The food is fresh and is the perfect morning treat! 
My only downside is that I'm not a huge fan of the hot drinks from there. 
However, the staff is so nice and always welcoming!Now that I work right by Suburban Station I've had the chance to get coffee here several times.  I gotta say, I'm a fan.  They move the (sometimes very long) line pretty quick and the coffee is good and decently priced.  They offer a flavor of the day you can get as well.  I haven't had any of their specialty drinks so I can't speak to them but I'm digging their java drip.
+1 star because they donate 5% of their profits to charities, very cool!
The hipster staff is pretty friendly.I'm hooked. 
This is my go-to before work morning coffee place.  Despite its unfortunate Suburban concourse location, it's accessible and almost a straight shot from subway to work, so it's a no-brainer for me.
Beans are solid, coffee is dark, deep and strong, like my soul. (ha!)
Why ever, ever, go to Dunkin' Donuts when you've got Passero nearby?
The people here are seriously the tops.  Always, super, ridiculously friendly, quick with a smile - and because, you know I frequent the joint on a daily basis, they always remember my order (now that's service!).
Nary a wait, don't be discouraged by any queue that forms here, the team works like a well-oiled machine.
As for grub: lots of baked goods, plenty of vegan/gluten-free options, some serious soups for lunch time - they offer a little bit of everything for everyone.
So, yeah, the coffee is a bit more expensive, but it's worth it to shell out extra coinage for good brew and attentive, lovely service.  The only way to start your Monday morning.Great coffee, friendly service and yummy snacks. The flavor of the day is always delicious, especially the Hawaiin Cocunut. YumEven though there is always a line, almost going up the stairs into One Penn Center, this place is worth it. 
For the same price you pay at Starbucks, you can have better quality coffee. There really isn't much to complain about. The coffee is fantastic, the staff is friendly, service is prompt. However, 'fresh squeezed orange juice' is a crock of shit. I saw the barista pour it out of a container, which I am sure was 'fresh squeezed' at the time. If I'm shelling out almost $3.00 for juice, don't duck behind the counter and hide. Rabble rabble rabble.I love passero's. Hands down the best coffee shop around center city/suburban station during the morning rush in terms of price, speed, order accuracy, and employee friendliness. Everyone that works there is always friendly, efficient, and willing to help. They give more espresso shots per drink than starbucks and still remain a few cents cheaper. They have a variety of breakfast muffins, vegan breads, fruit, and yogurts, all great healthier options for breakfast and are easy to take on the go.I get Passero's right before the train - they are def quick (that's important! gotta get to my train!!) and make awesome drinks.  Yes, they are STRONG and I do feel like I got my money's worth and even more important - satisfied.  When was the last time you said that about $4 drink??  It's a treat  when I wake up late and am having a bad morning because I don't have time to make my own nuclear coffee at home :(  I never feel bad about drinking their coffee and paying more except like a schmuck because I just blew $5 with coffee and tip.  Oh well.  
... they also play Super Rad music in the am ... the bee gees pumping disco and a perfect latte handed to you with a genuine smile?  Can't get better, make my day!!  - I'm a fan and *extremely thankful!*  Will gladly pass up the competition and save my pennies for those rainy Passero's treat days.  Yum Yum!Here's a little update to say... I may have been a little mixed up in my last review. 
1. Passero's is consistently hoppin now and there's always a line, but that doesn't seem to slow down the service. 
2. Every time you stop for coffee there you see someone you know.
3. They're just genuinely nice people that want to get you your coffee super fast and for super, super super cheap. (I'm talking $3.20 for a coffee and bagel with cream cheese. YUM)Absolutely love this place. The coffee is excellent, with a variety of flavors to choose from--none of that watered down coffee you find at other locations around Suburban Station. I also love their soups. I am addicted. Even at $5 a pop I find myself anticipating the daily soup menu. My favorites are Chicken Gumbo, Chicken Pastina, the Chili Con Carne to name a few.Great coffee.  I usually get the daily varietal, which is consistently excellent no matter which one they're serving. So is the house blend. And if you really need a jump start, their French Roast is seriously strong.A lonely beacon of hope in the dreary, fluorescence of Suburban Station.
Coffee quality is superb. Iced and Expresso drinks are molto bene. 
Service is friendly, and quick.. think of the opposite of Dunkin Donuts
They offer Gluten free this and that.. fine selection of Croissants, 4th street cookies, biscottis, bagels, fruit. 
Only negatives.. coffee prices a tad up there..and need to add real/fresh cream cheese and toaster for the bagels.. cmon, DD can do it.I just finally decided to come here, and I'm not a coffee drinker.  But I do drink hot chocolate and I've ordered this a few times.  I like it better than the Dunkin Donuts version.
The pretzel cocoa is really good and even better if the owner makes it for you.  It has caramel syrup, whip cream, and a shot of salt which surprisingly fits in well!
I'll have to make this a once-in-a-while splurge because $3 for a small can quickly add up over the course of time.DON'T LET THE AM RUSH LINE SCARE YOU!  It is amazing how fast they keep the line going there, I have never waited more than just a few minutes despite the occasional 20+ people in line. I have missed my train waiting for Starbucks upstairs, never again. And the people are amazing, super friendly - always. Coffee is delicious and the vegan Jewish apple cake and carrot cake's are unreal.  Wish I had more stars to give because 5 just doesn't do this place justice.Simple. I like strong coffee and when in Suburban station I would PREFER Passero's coffee over the chains - Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks. This morning I got a cup of dark roast - "Black Gold". Yum! It is strong, without the bitter, burnt taste. Nice. Always good service and nice, cheerful employees. I have had espresso machiato's with extra foam and my americano. Not sure where they get there coffeee from but is very good.The line in the mornings is usually at least 5 people deep, but it moves pretty quickly.  The only thing I've had is their iced coffee and it's great - and cheaper than s*bucks.  The people behind the counter are all efficient and happy, and that's all you can ask for to start your day out right.I have always loved Passero's. It's been a part of my commute for years! (College years and beyond) My favorite spot is the Suburban Station location. I like the vibe there,  the music, the quotes displayed on the board,  even the disco ball. The coffee is always good, my favorite barista PJ always remembers how I like my drinks. The food  is always great, never a complaint! If you've never tried this location, do it! Visit PJ and crew and I'm sure you won't be disappointed.Stopped by for a morning coffee on my commute to work. The staff was very friendly and I got my ice coffee in less than 5 seconds. Ice coffee better than most other popular alternatives.Great. Better coffee than most coffee. And better candor than most busy thoroughfare cafes. Hooray for that.Great spot right where it needs to be. Good coffee and tea. Affordable, convenient. They take Level Up too. But not mind-blowing. Wouldn't ever go out of my way. But I guess that's not the point.Passero's reopened a month or so ago... Being that I usually ride my bike to work entirely through winter I would have never noticed had the snow not nixed that.  Now every morning after getting off the EL and walking to Comcast Center I am totally tempted as I walk past them.  I can usually resist 3 out of 5 of my work days...but I let myself give in on two.  They have great coffee and ever changing roasts available.  I believe you have 4 different choices of coffee that change daily.  I always go with the organic choice they offer daily because it always sounds the most appealing.  Today I'm drinking the Guatemalan blend... so good.  I haven't tried any lattes yet but I'm going to add it to my list and splurge one day soon.  
I also can't forget to mention that everyone that works there is extremely friendly and chipper.  The service is stellar and quick, I don't understand why anyone would wait in line and the many Dunkin Donuts when they can just come here for a better product served by people that enjoy what they're doing.  They also sell soups at lunch that I haven't tried but bet are delicious.  Usually I'm kind of creeped out by the food places in suburban station, you know because its so dirty down there...but I love Passero's...its become my new coffee place for the time being.Real coffee made by real people. 
In a world where there seems to be a Starbucks on every corner (not to mention "Dunkin", it's refreshing to be able to get real coffee made by real people who care about the source of the beans and the quality of the coffee. 
Yes, this coffee shop is underground at Suburban station, but, it's worth the extra steps to support the 'indie' effort and the attention to detail.Passero's morning (and 3 PM - 4 PM ish) crew is wonderful - they move the line quickly and get my order (which varies0 correct easch and every time.
I love the iced coffee, cafe au lait and teas here.
Such a world of difference here vs Charbucks.
I also love Old City Coffee - but Passero's is right in Suburban station so I can stop there to (and from) work so easily.
Love it here!Not a fan. Terrible service from a miserable guy who had zero personality and no desire to be there. My iced mocha was not good -- bitter and watery. And it took forever! The paper straw stopped working halfway into my drink. Prices are not much better than Starbucks, but since there isn't one of those down in Suburban Station, I figured I would try it to support small business (plus, the only other option was Dunkin Donuts, which doesn't serve decaf espresso-based drinks with non-dairy milk). What a waste. 
Maybe it was an off day...but I'll pass.The coffee here is not good. The service is great and the staff are nice. It's not ur typical coffee shop atmosphere, which is cool. If ur a coffee snob and prefer gourmet coffee roasters like intelligentsia, bluebottle verve etc. than u won't be impressed with the taste at this cute subway coffee shop.The Americanos here blow the ones from Starbucks away!  The varietal coffees are good, I buy the whole beans to make at home.Tried it out since there's always a line but it was not worth it. Weakest chai I've ever had and untoasted stale bagel with a bucket of cream cheese? Not a good start to a morning.Friends don't let friends spend fourbucks on Charbucks!
That said, I occaisionally splurge on a $3.00 iced latte served up by Brie (sp??) at the Passero's in Suburban station. Or a lovely Cafe au Lait for $2.45 in the afternoon.
The roasted-bitter espresso they use still has a good flavor and the service far supasses that of Charbucks.
Passero's is some of the best coffee in the city (that and La Colombe) - so I will be back.
Budget permitting. Love it here!I'm not a regular "coffee" drinker. I prefer espresso to a regular drip coffee. I ordered a triple shot this morning and it was delicious. A hearty shot compared to what Starbucks gives you. The employees working the front are friendly; however, the baristas making the coffee are not. I frequently run into the same individuals and today I was waiting for my drink. I noticed there were two cups already sitting there. I was watching the barista make the espresso when she turned to me and said, "that's your drink." Seems innocent enough; however, the tone in which I've seen her use towards me and others is a bit degrading. 
I don't stop here as often as I'd like to for that reason alone. Starbucks may not be a crowd pleaser price wise but at least they're all willing to offer dialogue and/or at least be more inviting and friendly. If you're working in a place where you encounter a large amount of people, you may want to actually be a people person.Update: x amount of years later, still a favorite. Great coffee, pleasant and speedy service.I'm going to say it now: this is the spot. As I sipped my deliciously medium-roasted varietal this morning, I realized that this just may be the cheapest and BEST coffee you can get in this city.
In my quest for *my* coffee spot, I look for a nice roasty cup, quick and friendly service, and reasonable prices. Before trying Passero's (I always see a line - but now I know not to fear it - they're quick), I frequented Hub Bub and Termini's. In order to properly determine which is the best for me, I get the same thing at each: a small cup of coffee, black. 
The coffee of the day is different each day in terms of roast, region, etc!
For under $2 and in under 1 minute, I had just what I've been looking for!! Highly recommended, particularly for commuters!Look, I love Passero's as much as anyone on here, and in the AM their coffee, their speed, their service and their everything else is a thing of beauty. So much so that I went out of my way to go there for lunch. Multiple times, actually, because they stop serving pretty early. However when I did get there, apparently the employees were coming down from their earlier caffeine high, because it was night and day: snotty attitude, took forever to get my salad and smoothie, and then when I got the (green) salad back to my desk it was missing both the kalamata olives and the feta cheese. 
This is just not right, people, to charge $8 and then leave out the two tastiest and most expensive ingredients? Next time I'll stick with the soup. Or maybe just my morning java and go somewhere else for lunch.
Five stars for breakast and one star for lunch, but since lunch is what I wanted to talk about that's what they get today.People seem to like the coffee here, which I never get. So my review is solely about food and service, both of which have been disappointing the handful of times I've been here.  
Food disappointments:  oatmeal turns out to be generic 'add water from Trader Joe's which has a ton of added sugar', soup is really salty, quinoa salad is healthy but with emphasis on 'healthy' and not on taste.
Servers are consistently either rude, or just seem to be unhappy.Coffee is fine, but lukewarm by the time I add coffee. Service is fast, but attitude is inconsistent. Some staff are pretty friendly and polite, but others are plain unfriendly (not quite rude, but still unpleasant). There are too many coffee places in the immediate area to need to put up with that, so I won't be back any time soon.Excellent, fast, friendly service. Everyone who works here is helpful and so nice. The coffee is very good with a nice variety that changes daily for flavors. The baked goods are always fresh and really good, their vegan breads are amazing! Their soups are a great lunch option, they always have at least one vegetarian option and offer a few dairy free milk choices for your coffee as well. Great spot with great veggie options!Love the coffee...the taste, smell, and everything are is perfect.Everyone who works here is so friendly and efficient. I always walk away with a smile on my face and I make my train with minutes to spare. Keep up the good work!Had a mexican spiced mocha and it was pretty good. Not too sweet like you'd find at wawa or Dunkin' (I could taste the coffee!!) Plus, the woman who made my coffee was probably the friendliest  barista I've seen in a long time. Friendliest service worker I think I've encountered in philadelphia. I'm definitely going back. I need to see if they have any spicy coffee drinks (they had a lot of options on the board).I was recently in a rush to my first day of work in the city and really needed that morning cup of joe! I have to say that I have found my new coffee spot! (I'm usually a Starbucks person) I had an amazing experience the line was long at first and I had second thoughts but it moves along quickly. The barista who made my drink was so friendly I believe she said her name was PJ. She made me feel so comfortable and relaxed through all the hustle and bustle of the station, she took the time to greet me and converse with me as she handed me my beverage. All my anxiety and nervousness about working in the city went away. Thank you guys so much for the great customer service! You will definitely see me more often!I take the train every morning from Suburban Station. A few times a week, I order a double espresso over ice from Passero's and add my own milk. I like to control how much milk I put in my drink. Usually I just want a small amount of milk and baristas get "milk happy." I have been ordering this drink form various coffee shop for about 6 years. Today, I got my first objection to my drink at Passero's. The barista told me that I should not order this, that instead I should order an iced latte, because it's essentially the same thing. I said to the barista - well, I have been ordering this for years, it's my drink. Plus what I order is 2.15, and I can customize my drink myself, and a latte is 2.92. He replied, yes, that's why I am discouraging you from ordering this because you're using too much milk. A few objections to this. A. I've told you this is what I order from all other coffee shops, I'm not going to switch to an iced latte because this particular barista is upset about losing .77 on my drink. B. I felt incredibly duped. The whole interaction was beyond strange. Why would you tell your customer to order the exact same drink for more money?! Yes, the point of business is to make money, but it's also about serving your customers. If you don't want customers to add their own milk, don't offer it.  Even if you were losing money on my drink, which you're not by the way because I'm paying a premium on the espresso & snacks I get, this interaction just lost me completely. I will never go back to Passero's and I have already told my coworkers & friends who also take the train from Suburban about how strange and wrong this was. It really crossed a customer service line with me and I don't think it's reversible.Still some of the best coffee in the city - and still a line (that moved pretty quickly) every morning in Suburban Station.
Pricey but so much better than Dunkin or Charbucks.
The Café au Lait and Lattes (the will used your favorite type of cows or nut milk) are so delicious.  Like dessert in a cup for breakfast (and I don't even get any flavored syrups - just a plain latte or au lait is so creamy and sweet.)
Yum!!!!Friendly and efficient staff, high quality coffee at an affordable price.When I'm in town for work, Passero's is as much of a must for me as it is for any of the local regulars stopping in off their inbound trains.  
I have no idea why people would go to Starbucks or Dunkin' Donuts when places like this exist, but I can't complain too much because it keeps the line from being ungodly long.  
But even when it goes around the corner, it moves quickly.  The baristas and cashiers have the subtle ballet of working hurriedly in close quarters down pat, and seemingly everyone in line is a regular.  
I appreciate good coffee, but I can't write well enough about it in any sense, and so I won't torture with any dumb musings on single origin beans and burr mills.  But, the coffee here is coffee that can be appreciated.  
The zucchini bread pieces are excellent and big enough to be breakfast.  The other baked goods appear to be similarly fresh and delicious, but I've yet to see any reason to stray from the zucchini bread and all its glory.Cozy and consistently delicious. Chocolate chip cookies come out of the oven frequently and their espresso tastes awesome. Definitely recommended.Passaro's is literally right outside my office door.  I've been looking at them for a while, but hadn't a need for coffee in a bit.  Then yesterday it hit - I was TIRED after work, but still had a dinner and hours of homework ahead of me. 
I went in and ordered a medium light roast coffee.  Their houseblend fit the bill.  It was smokey - but not burnt and flavorful.  It came out hot, but not undrinkably so.  Then I noticed it... syrups.  I LOVE coffee syrups - my housemate calls it candy coffee.  
Most of their syrups are pretty standard, but I had never even heard of a caramel apple syrup.  Always up for syrupy adventure, I went for that. 
Adding in a little skim milk and some raw sugar I took a sip... 
...
... and was transported back a decade to a time where a much younger, more vibrant me, was walking down 2nd and Bainbridge on a Saturday night.  Dressed in black with some chunky jewelry, wearing spicy scented essential oils, and heels that would kill me if I tried to wear now.  The night air was sweet with an impending storm and I was laughing and talking with friends I haven't seen in years.  
I opened the door to Ulana's night club and was hit with the sweet smell of scented cleaning products, patchouli, and clove. 
The coffee tasted like goth!  It wasn't just the first sip, either.  The whole cup, sip after wonderful taste memory sip was full of gothy memories of a time long passed when I wasn't a business professional, but a goth, hanging out with my friends, dancing, talking shop, and feeling the groove with other regulars who would come week after week to be surrounded by other beautiful freaks. 
I can't wait to try their coffee again.  I wonder what other adventures await.
1 Medium coffee with syrup costs approx $2.50.  Support the local shops.  The cost is comparable to Dunkin Donuts and way cheaper than Starbucks.Cozy and consistently delicious. Chocolate chip cookies come out of the oven frequently and their espresso tastes awesome. Definitely recommended.The only way to start a Monday.  Great hot coffee, a scone with butter, comfortable table and chair - watch the morning go by.Landed in Philly EARLY from LAX & wanted a place to warm up a bit before continuing on to southern NJ. Got my standard barometer Dirty Chai Latte, which was made beautifully ... and a slice of VEGAN Apple Cake - quite tasty!
Top notch service even at 6:02am, super professional. Clean establishment with a lot of charm & character.
Bookmarked - I'll be back for sure!I come here sometimes when I'm in the area and want a bite, usually I get one of the reduced fat pastries which I'm sure are homemade and they're delish!  I have yet to try the coffee but sometime I will.  They accept credit cards too and they have friendly staff!  I'll be back!Can not say enough good things about this place. It is right across the street from my work, so I go regularly. The employees are so warm and friendly; I have never encountered such great service at a coffee shop. Drinks are well made, with love. Tasty, reasonably priced soups and salads. I check their instagram on the daily to see what is being served that day. My only wish is that they served breakfast sandwiches. Can a girl get a bacon egg and cheese with her coffee?Passero's is the place you go if you "LOVE" coffee - because they do to. You can't beat the quality, customer service and pricing of this family owned establishment. Jeff Lincoln opened the 1st Passero's in 1990 and recently started roasting the company's own beans. This latest location features a Brew Bar - brewed to order artisanal batches after 2pm - choose from Chemex, Pour Over or French Press. They also serve Cold Brew - my favorite as it removes any bitterness. They've also got a great lunch menu, wifi and plenty of seating.I love this coffee and make it a stop when ever in Philadelphia.  Really nice people, excellent pastries and of course coffee. They even use paper straws!I ordered the Chai tea latte and it is the best one I've ever had! Really great service and atmosphere. 10/10 would recommend.Not only service is great and people very friendly, but the espresso is the best you can find. Really amazing freshness and flavor. A burst of joy to start the day!I absolutely love this coffee shop! I was exploring philly and stumbled upon it. I stopped on my way to the Reading Market coming from independence hall   The coffee was amazing but be careful its hot! Their cookies are what really sealed the deal. If you get the chance to go get a chocolate chip cookie, you won't regret it.Love this place! The staff is friendly and the prices incredibly reasonable. They carry stevia! They also have a flavored coffee of the day which is great. I wish I had one in my neighborhood. Stop in and try it, you won't be sorry you did.Good selection of drinks and not too pricey. Nice place to sit and do homework for a few hours! Will come back next time I'm in the area.GREAT COFFEE!  Adorable little shop with that "coffee shop" feel.
But what makes this place amazing is their staff!!!! They are always so nice and efficient! They are always so helpful and kind. Makes me go back every morning!Great go-to coffee right across the street from my office.  A cheaper coffee than La Colombe but equal quality.  I always get the cold brew coffee for the hotter weather, although their hot coffee is great too.  I've never got any food from their menu, but they have a nice list of pastries and always have a sampling out in the morning. Use cash if you're only getting a coffee as they get charged for transactions under $4 - good way to make sure you're helping them out.Passero's is Philly's own and original coffee roaster and shop. You can not beat the quality, customer service and pricing of this family owned establishment. Jeff Lincoln opened the 1st Passero's in 1990 and recently started roasting the companys own beans. This latest location features a Brew Bar - brewed to order artisanal batches after 2pm - choose from Chemex, Pour Over or French Press. They also serve Cold Brew - my favorite as it removes any bitterness. They've also got a great lunch menu and plenty of seating.Love this place, great beverages, sandwiches and soups!  Everyone that works here is always friendly and accommodating.  I asked for the pretzel caramel hot chocolate to be poured over ice and they made that happen with whipped cream to top it off...it was so delicious!!!My favorite things about this place are the chocolate chip cookies near the register, the carrot zucchini bread, the cold brew, and for hot coffee, surrendering myself to either the varietal or flavor of the day.  Staff is always very friendly and awake.This was my first time here and I only tried it because it was on the Ritual app.  I got the chicken ceasar salad lunch special and while there I seen these delicious looking chocolate chip cookies so I ordered 2 of them as well.  The salad i thought was very good especially for being on a $1 special.  The dressing was very good as well.  I was very happy with the salad.  My one cookie unfortunately had a dark hair baked in it but mistakes happen so I just tossed them.  No worries.
The staff was very nice and pleasant.
This place is in walking distance from my work. I would def come here again. Never knew it was here until I seen it on the Ritual app.   I want to try a panini and still want to try those cookies so I'll def be back!First time here, friendly staff and great coffee! Also has a nice ambiance to get work done or catch up with friends.Best everything! I got the dark chocolate mocha, which was a nice mixture of coffee and sweetness (without being overpowering sweet). Additionally, They had a happy hour special and their cookie was less than a quarter more, and I have to say, it was the best chocolate chip cookie I had ever come across.. Also the workers are so nice! This whole place makes me want to move to phillyI waited for a long time for my to-go order of grilled cheese. I didn't mind waiting since it was crowded at lunch time and I understand that you make it fresh. However, when I opened my bag, what I saw was a sandwich completely burned on one side. I didn't have enough time to go back for a new one, so just ate it. I love Passero and find it very convenient given its proximity to the hospital, but you should really make your food more carefully.This is right across from the office so I've started a dangerous habit of stopping in every morning. The space is small but I've always seen open tables since most people are taking things to go. I'm impressed by the wide array of options they have! I'm not a coffee person so I usually get tea lattes which they are happy to make and they also have a wide range of food options. They have grab and go like yogurt or pastries and also sandwiches/burritos etc. Everything I've had so far has been tasty and I plan on continuing to stop by!Very disappointed. I've walked by so many times and finally decided to come for lunch one day. The price is alright I guess- a sandwich and an apple/banana for $8. But I seriously waited for 15min for the sandwich. And the worst thing is, when I opened it, it is impossible to eat! It's a long rectangle and it was cut in half the long way in two triangles. And the way they wrapped it, idk how to eat it at all..... The pesto was spread unevenly so it kept dripping. The flatbread wasn't warm or in anyway tasty.  
Their pastry doesn't look very fresh either. Prob won't return.I love Passero's. It's conveniently located right across the street from my work so whenever I feel I need a pick me up I just walk right over and treat myself. 
I am not a huge coffee drinker (tea girl all the way), but the staff here as always helped me pick out a delicious latte when I am feeling a change. I am also properly obsessed with lavender iced tea, I could drink it every day. I like that they are environmental conscious too and offer paper straws as an option. 
They also have a decent menu for lunch and a bunch of to-go breakfast options. The pre-made parfaits are a decent size and very filling. Their soups are good and I really enjoy their Big Fat Greek wrapt too.Over twenty minutes I waited for a Bacon Burrito.  I had to leave to report for work and not be late.  Beforehand I had no idea it would take this long.  Reading other reviews this looks like a recurring complaint.
The cold brew coffee and home baked items are good.
Not worth waiting for so long and could not eat breakfast that morning.Having lived in Center City Philly for 3 years now, I can't believe I have never tried this place before. Had to run an errand in the area and wait for someone so I found this on Yelp. I noticed one review where the owner Jeff L responded with grace and thoughtfulness to a customer complaint. Immediately I knew that was a good sign that they care. 
So I just had my first ever coffee of the day here (organic Flores) and its fantastic. Subtle and sublime with that light sheen of a coffee oil residue that you know comes from quality. That, coupled with blue skies and sunny 75 degrees and the marvelousness of sitting outside on the sidewalk (first time since March (covid)) made this a 5 star enjoyable experience today. I haven't tried the food but will be back.OMG, Passero's Coffee Roasters was certainly mind-blowing. Great menu, Great ambiance, Great service, and Great friends! Every single thing was fresh, flavorsome, and very yummy. The servers are extremely friendly and polite. Passero's Coffee Roasters is pretty solid.I am impressed, Passero's Coffee Roasters was impressive. The ambiance is also amazing. Every single thing that I have ordered was really good and I would return to have it again! The workers were very helpful, smiled a lot, felt genuine. Overall, I love Passero's Coffee Roasters.Steering away from my usual coffee spots in old city I ventured more west. Yelp steered me here but I realized I walked by here a few times but never had an empty mug to fill up coffee. 
The place is quaint and the service is really friendly. Thumbs up for giving discount for those that BYO-mug. There were a variety of coffee choices but I ordered a simple black coffee. The flavor was on the lighter side but smooth. Not as rich and bold as I like, but still a good cup. 
Better than LA colombe's Corsica, but not better than the workshop. Will be on my rotation for after lunch coffee.Passero's is awesome. It's anti-Starbucks. Great coffee, engaging staff, warm atmosphere. While we didn't eat, the food looked like it was being served from a mother's kitchen. We will return.Friendliest staff and very quick service. It's nice to come in here early in the morning and see smiling faces.friendly baristas, an overall lower percentage of local hipsters hanging out here, and reasonable prices are all reasons I keep coming back.Easily the best coffee shop in the area!! The cold brew coffee with oat milk is fantastic and they have such a wide menu of breakfast/lunch options to choose from with some grab and go too. But hands down the service from this shop is enough reason to come back. 10/10!!Oh my God, Passero's Coffee Roasters was simply impressive. Overall, great atmosphere, ambiance, cleanliness and customer service. Each and every single menu item that we have purchased was really fresh and delicious. The team was extremely friendly and service is terrific. So impressed, can not wait to go back to Passero's Coffee Roasters.I love this place - great prices and healthy. Only one thing to warn you about: they leave some of the Olive pits IN the sandwiches. So it's like playing Russian roulette with every bite! I almost broke my teeth twice today. So enjoy a delicious and healthy treat but chew lightly out there.Passero's Coffee Roasters was absolutely marvelous. Can not talk highly enough about Passero's Coffee Roasters. There items on the menu are always fresh, tasty and reasonable. All of the staff are incredibly friendly - you really feel welcome and taken care of. Passero's Coffee Roasters! Try it out. It may be for you too.Stopped by after an appointment and got their dark hot chocolate , it was so good . Their shop is cute and I appreciate the vast variety of drinks to offer. Customer service is also 5 stars ! Remember tips your barista/front of house people!My friends and I just love Passero's Coffee Roasters. The menu items were flavorful and yummy and the price point was also very good. Every single thing that we have ordered was extra fresh and yummy. Staff are really welcoming. They're accommodating, well-mannered and always on their game. Passero's Coffee Roasters is pretty solid.I was pleasantly surprised by Passero's Coffee Roasters. Passero's Coffee Roasters is a hidden treasure. Only quality. Every single thing I purchased came out in a timely manner. The workers ensured I was helped and answered all my questions very politely and enthusiastically. Overall I would go to this place again and again.Let me tell you, Passero's Coffee Roasters was simply remarkable. Excellent location and service was terrific. Everything I've tried thus far has been superb. No attitude here, friendly and wonderful. You will not be disappointed with Passero's Coffee Roasters.Nice little coffee shop tucked away.   The service is very friendly and they have lots of beverage and snack options, including a variety of teas which always elevate a  coffee shop for me.  They do offer free wi-fi but the places in which you can plug-in were limited.  Best to come here for the beverages than do to some work.Wow, Passero's Coffee Roasters was really wonderful. It's the little things that make Passero's Coffee Roasters so awesome. Everything I had was great. People working there are always so pleasant. We will most certainly be back!Great experience at lunch! Ordered the Avalon Grilled Cheese and it was a m a z i n g. I also had a cold brew coffee that I didn't find particularly stunning, but it was very good for the price range and the size (24oz). Will definitely be back and could become a nice lunchtime favorite! My only complaint would be that the time it took to make the sandwich was a little long, especially since it didn't seem too busy but I don't think the wait was too unreasonable.I popped in here for the first time during mid-morning and I was pleasantly surprised to discover a great little place near Jeweler's Row and Jefferson Health. I noted right away how friendly the barista was. She greeted everyone who walked in the door and asked how their day was going - very personable. 
The ambiance was very quaint, quirky and cozy. They have several spots for sitting and doing work. They had a bunch of drink options as well as food choices - including a breakfast sandwich that sounded delicious. 
The service was quick and I was really happy with my chai latte. The barista making my drink asked if I wanted cinnamon on top which was an attention to detail that made the experience just that much more pleasant. The drink was flavorful and really hot, which was nice because sometimes drinks cool off too quickly. Overall, I was really happy with my first experience here and I will definitely be back when I'm in this part of town.One of my favorite coffee shops that I go to all the time because it's close to work. They have great lattes and flavored iced teas. The atmosphere is very cozy also, can be a good place to read/study/get work done.Awesome coffee.  Good food options (had breakfast) but come for the coffee.  Drip was excellent. Specialty latte was good but too sweet.Was passing by so decided to stop in at Passero's. It was the Wednesday before Thanksgiving and I didn't realize they were closing early. The baristas were super friendly and chatted with me while making my drink & getting my soup to go. They threw in a pastry for free too since they were wrapping up for the day. 
I got a 2 shot, flat white with oat milk. The espresso was smooth with a good flavor. When I got home I had the tomato basil soup & pastry. The soup was nice on a chilly day, but the pastry warmed up in the microwave was AMAZING. 
The staff at Passero's, the flat white & pastry definitely give me a reason to stop in again the next time I find myself in that area of the city.Cute coffee shop that I stumbled upon. I had a coffee and purchased an apple cake. As I was enjoying my apple cake that I paid $2 and some change for, I noticed the employees packaging some more flavored breads. Specifically, I noticed their iced pumpkin loaf. As I was paying more close attention, I noticed further that this was actually the pumpkin chai spice bread from Trader Joe's. I was disappointed knowing that they probably sell this for I'm guessing the same price as my apple bread.  It's thievery knowing that I could buy an entire loaf from Trader Joe's for just $4.99, instead of a slice of it for $2+ (give or take). Sigh.  Cute place and friendly staff, though.Super cute coffee shop! Cozy seating and nice decor. Service was fast and friendly. The cafe mocha is delicious! They have lots of creamers to choose from- including almond and soy milk.Beyond mediocre with little to no quality control. I ordered a chicken caesar (the "Wanamaker") salad on Ritual and picked it up.
The salad was supposed to come with a side. It didn't. To make matters worse, the vast majority of the lettuce was wilted. It's lettuce. Lettuce is cheap. There's absolutely NO reason for any restaurant/cafe/shop to serve lettuce in such bad shape. 
At my office, I ended up having about 35% of the salad--the only amount that wasn't gross and slimy. The dressing was good, so that's a plus, right?
I won't go back. How can you care so little or pay so little attention to the food you're putting out? Unacceptable.Oh my! I tried the Turmeric Honey Latte for the first time a few weeks ago, and I've been back to this coffee shop ever since! So far, this latte is the only one I've ordered because it's that darn good! I can't wait to try the Lavender Fog latte and Honey Bee Latte. But for now, I'll keep enjoying the Turmeric latte because it's my favorite!TLDR: poor service, customer shaming, and subpar food
While sitting down at a table more than 6 feet from others and waiting for the rest of my order, and while drinking coffee, I coughed to clear my throat (into my elbow). Then the barista throws open the doors. Then, a few minutes later, while still waiting, I coughed again. The barista then yells at me to leave for being sick in front of 4 other customers.
For context, the only time I was unmasked was while sitting at the table drinking coffee away from other patrons, I'm not sick, I'm double vaxxed and boosted and I have my flu shot. Both times, I coughed to clear my throat. I explained that I wasn't feeling sick, and he questioned that by telling me he heard me cough.
I'm still waiting for my order when the barista explains why he opened the doors to the another employee -because, according to him, I was "coughing without a mask on." I then asked for my order and they both apologized as it had been on the counter without them realizing I didn't get the rest of my order.
I ordered the apple oatmeal, and it was very clearly instant oatmeal. The apple bits were chewy like they were previously dehydrated and the oatmeal itself was watery .
The whole experience was mortifying and the food was subpar so I'm never coming back here.The coffee menu is outstanding and their coffee is terrific (best in the area according to an informal poll of coworkers). Food highlights: Breakfasts  - the avocado toast, egg and cheese sandwich, and I love the oatmeal with flax and blueberries. I have only had lentil soup for lunch a few times- also a winner. This is my go to coffee shop in an area with lots of them. This morning though I am getting a brewed coffee, pumpkin walnut bread for me, and picking up an almond croissant for my co-worker who needs some sweetness today.I've been to Passero's four times in the past two weeks, but I only have two pictures because I never pause to take them! 
My favorite things are...
- the chicken dumpling soup: the dumplings have that perfect doughy texture you're looking for in a dumplings soup dumpling.
- the peanut butter chocolate bar: it's a luxe Reese's and not as sweet, not much else to be said!
- the veggie cream cheese: when I tell you I bought a soup container of this stuff, I am not exaggerating. I don't know what they put in it to make it so good, but it is SO GOOD.
- the staff. They're really just so friendly. Tip them!!
I'm really happy I found this place. As a non-coffee drinker, I've never felt loyal to a cafe before, but now I do.As I'm surrounded by dozens of lunch places and tons of coffee shops, I walked in, on a whim and I had a tasty wrap (Wanamaker.) For less than 12 bucks, I got a very good spinach wrap and 16 oz. healthy smoothie- Kale & Flax super smoothie. On another visit , I tried their coffee which wasn't bad either. The staff were always very welcoming, and the prices were  decent.
Four solid Yelps.Passero's Coffee Roasters is definitely quite wonderful. Atmosphere is very unique and fun. Every single thing I've tried thus far is great. The team is very polite and professional. Can't wait to go back.I can see the charm and the reason that a lot of love Passero's Coffee Roasters. It's beautiful and everyone who works here seems like they are very proud of it. Every thing I've tried up until now has been awesome. Staff are super nice and service is really quick. The service was good and I would definitely go back to Passero's Coffee Roasters.The best latte I've ever had. The honey bee latte is so good and the staff were so nice in helping my bf find a bag of coffee. If you buy a bag of coffee you get $1 off your drink. Great experience here!!