We ordered online and the service was really great. We ordered pad se ew platter, red curry, and vegetarian dumplings. All were amazing. Would like to try again very very soonI ordered take-out Pad Thai and spring rolls from this restaurant and got TERRIBLE food poisoning!Really solid Thai food. Gets better each time. Great pad see ew. Delicious banana sticky rice and fair pricesService: Great. It's pretty fast and the delivery never takes more than 45 minutes. 
Food: Not too impressive. I'm not a fan of their pad thai at all. However, their tofu options and their calamari are really good!I was wandering around University City before catching a show at World Live Cafe.  I saw this place and decided to stop in as I had not had any pad thai in a good while.  I ordered the vegetable spring rolls and the vegetable pad thai.
The spring rolls were way too greasy.  But the presentation on the plate with a few bites of salad was nice.  Then the pad thai came out.
It was absolutely disgusting.  Again way to much oil.  The vegetables were obviously from a frozen mix (yuk!) and the tofu was way undercooked.  I had two bites and then for the first time in my life I sent a dish back.  I've had much better pad thai in small town Indiana of all places. 
When the waitress asked if I wanted to substitute something else I politely declined.  
I would give it one star, but I did not have to ask to for the pad thai to be taken off the bill.  Their other dishes might be good, but I wouldn't return here even for a free meal.
Update:  51/6/08 I've now changed the rating from two stars to one star.  I would change to zero if I could.  The reason for the change is received a message from the restaurant through Yelp that was impolite to say the least.  While the staff in the restaurant were very courteous, the person in charge of their Yelp account really needs to learn the meaning of tact.Pattaya is more than worth the minor hike from Penn for the lunch special! It's one of the best places in the area to take guests who come to speak at our department -- Pattaya can easily accommodate a large group for a late lunch, and they're affordable enough for our student wallets. $9 for three dishes -- it's hard to do better than that. 
Granted, the food is not spectacular, but it is pretty darn good Thai food close to campus with all the regular things I need as a voracious vegetarian green curry consumer -- spiciness (when I remember to ask for it), coconutiness, etc., and their veggie spring rolls, though a bit on the greasy side, are delicious. 
They don't even try to remember who ordered what, and tend to call out our orders on arrival at the table like auctioneers. We do usually have 8-10 people though, and they are always very patient with us, even when we squeak in half an hour before the kitchen closes.I would give this place 5 stars, but the portions are too small for me. I've got a big appetite and a small bank account, so when I throw down for some Thai, I want to indulge. Unfortunately, I always have to order two entrees at this place. And I eat half my wife's portion. So, do the math.
The good thing, though, is the food is amazing. We usually get Pad Thai, Green Curry, and Spicy Basil Duck or something. It's an amazing treat. My only complaint is the price ought to get us some more food. 
3.5/5--I'll round up to 4 stars since I crave the food so much.Ordered food while working on a 24-hour call shift at the hospital- and it was a great bite to keep our team's morale high. The food was delivered quickly. Granted, the pad see yew was a bit dry and blandly spiced, but they placed plenty of vegetables and tofu in the mix.
They have a big menu available plus all of the standard options (curries!).I love this place!!!
Great thai food; nice service; nice ambiance. Whenever I want Thai food in Philadelphia, this is where I go.
The Pad Thai is delicous!I agree with other reviews which point out the Pattaya Grill does not pretend to be fine dining. Nonetheless, I've eaten there about 4 times and the food has never disappointed. The portions are sizeable without being overwhelming. I always enjoy the soups whether I order Tom Yum or a coconut soup. Also, their mixed drinks are delicious and strong. My favorite is definitely the Pink Ginger Lemonade which is made with ginger vodka made on premises. Really yummy. 
After eating there last night, the only thing I have to say about the service is that we ordered drinks, appetizers and a main course and the drinks didn't come until after the main course came. Very annoying. Aside from this, the service was so non-existent that I have nothing more to say.
We tip at 20% almost everytime we eat out, but since there was hardly any service last night, there was hardly any tip.I love this place! They have amazing red curry and drunken noodles. This is one of the first places I have been to when I moved to philly so this place is a classic for me. I love the quiet ambiance and the waiters are always very sweet. The only real issue I might have which is why I give 4/5 stars is because the curry is a bit too liquidy. But thats barley an issue since its all done by the time I leave the restaurant :)Am I picky or something? I honestly feel like this is the worst Thai food I've ever eaten. My friend and I got the special menu. He got the veggie soup and I got the wonton soup. Both seriously were lukewarm and tasted like water. Our appetizers of fried tofu and spring roll was alright, but far from the best I've tasted. As for our main course, we got pad thai and green curry. The green curry was very thin and salty. Not flavorful, just salty. The pad thai tasted like ketchup. 
Service was great, but the food was terrible.We decided to get some Thai food and were sad to see that Vientiane Café did not deliver. The next highest rated Thai spot that would deliver to us, with 3 1/2 stars, was Pattaya Grill. We decided to give it a try.
It was okay. Nothing too special. The Wonton Soup was a bit bland and not exactly generous with the content. Much more broth than anything else. Now, if the broth was popping, it would have been less of an issue. Also, not crazy about the shrimp with tail on in the soup. I prefer my shrimp in soups to have the tail off.
I also got the Pad Thai. It was okay. It could have used more flavor though.
My wife got the pineapple fried rice. She said it was okay, kind of grew on her. But nothing to write home about.I have been here two times, and yet to be disappointed yet. 
Service is extremely quick and friendly, so a good restaurant to go to if you know you need to get in and out in an hour.
I tried the Chicken Pad Khing and a few of the curry dishes. Both were good. The Pad Khing had a good mix of 8-9 vegetables with it, and the light soy sauce and ginger the dish was flavored with was delicious.Got delivered but the driver was the biggest jerk ever! Unbelievably rude!! Food was good but I won't order again cos I don't want to pay for a meal and have the driver curse n tell after taking a great tip!What I like about the place isn't its food but more so the rather speedy service; whether you're looking for a quick lunch or trying to eat some decent food but are in a hurry for something right after, this place can accommodate. 
FOOD: 3/5
Typical Thai food menu. Prices are a bit steep but the food is fairly decent. Pad thai isn't the best here - to me it's a bit bland and I always ask for extra spring roll sauce to make it more flavorful. Their lunch combo is a good deal though - you get a nice appetizer before the actual entree so that should be plenty. I would recommend to stay away from the seafood and "alligator" here (not sure if it's actually alligator but it was way too difficult to chew). If you want decent seafood, Distrito and Pod offer some good (but pricey) choices nearby. For a cheaper menu, Thai Singha is half a block down Chestnut but the atmosphere is going to be a tradeoff.
SERVICE: 5/5
Speedy, but you have to ask. Let your waiter know you're in a rush and it'll usually be accommodated. Otherwise pretty standard. They'll greet you and seat you. 
AMBIANCE: 4/5
Typical Thai restaurant with a tropical theme. I always ask to be seated in the back section of the restaurant because it has natural lighting (it's an added room that was probably once the backyard of the house). 
Don't forget to grab some guava candy on your way out! They're my favorite :D2.5 stars.
I came in here since I have been jonesing for Thai food for a while. The place was packed in front and in the back, so I ended up sitting at the bar. 
I ordered the vegetarian lemon grass soup and thai red curry for my entree. The soup came out pretty fast. It was chock full of fresh vegetables including some nice mushrooms with their caps still on. It was hot and pretty tasty, though the broth looked somewhat odd/dirty. Maybe its just the way they make the stock.
My thai red curry came out fairly rapidly. The curry sauce had some degree of heat and tasted of coconut and other spices. The peppers were bright and crisp, but the bamboo shoots weren't that great. The chicken however was dry and subsequently pretty chewy.
Service was good. My water glass was never empty  more than a minute or two before someone came over and filled it up. The bartender reminded me that I should save my spoon after the soup for the main meal. And the check came fairly rapidly and was processed rapidly(Though don't get me wrong, they said "Hey you can stay as long as you want and settle up when you are ready". So it wasn't like I was getting pushed out the door).
I might come back and try a different dish. Maybe for lunch when its a tad cheaper.i am beginning to think that all the asian restaurants in philly are extremely americanized.  once a year, i meet up with some good friends in philly for lunch or dinner, and this year, they brought me to pattaya.  while the food was good, i wouldn't call it authentically thai.  i would equate eating here to eating at PF Changs (though not as trendy).  while the food at pf changs tastes good, i wouldn't exactly call it chinese food.. chinese-american food maybe??  
anyways, pattaya has a good deal on the early bird special.  for $10.95, you get a soup, an appetizer and an entree.  though it sounds like a lot, it's just about the right size (if you order the egg roll as the appetizer, you only get one piece).
i got the chicken soup (lemon grass, says spicy, but wasn't spicy at all), house salad (the dressing was quite good), and the tilapia with special three layer sauce, which was pretty much eggroll sauce with a little spicy kick to it.
i liked their patio area out back, and the service was good.A decent place to go for Thai food in UCity. My family and I LOVE Thai food. Everywhere we go, Thai food is our first option for dinner AND lunch. So I've tried a lot of different Thai food restaurants in the past and I wanted to test out the nearest Thai restaurant around here. Being the only Thai restaurant closest to Penn's campus, Pattaya is by default the best option to get your Thai food fix in. 
I've tried their tofu/shrimp/chicken pad thai, drunken noodles, green curry, and fried rice here. The pad thai and drunken noodles are pretty good, nothing special or unique that stands out. The pineapple fried rice was okay, personally I wouldn't order it again. The green curry was not memorable or anything either.
Despite the average tasting food, the service was really friendly and attentive! The interior of the restaurant was also casual and nice. For now, Pattaya will just have to do if I'm craving Thai.Ordered delivery and it came quickly. Food was super delicious and plentiful. I will definitely dine in next time I am in the Philly area.Decent pad see ew, but nothing really stood out beyond mediocrity. I did get to try alligator though. It was pretty small - not in total amount of food, but in the amount of alligator meat that was in it. Prices are fair. Just.. nothing out of the ordinary here.I really enjoyed the Thai here (very Americanized, though) and the sun deck in the back was a nice touch for a seating area. Service was a bit slow but we had a large party so I understand.If I could eat at Pattaya every day, I would. Their chicken pad see ew and coconut soup are my absolute favorite. The pineapple fried rice is nice and light, not overly salty or oily, which is a problem I run into with other thai places. I once ordered their lamb chops which were superb. Their service is always wonderful; if possible, dine in is probably better than take-out.For authentic Thai food, large portions, reasonable prices, and attentive service, come here.  I ordered the lemon grass soup with veggies and the Pattaya salad.  The broth was very flavorful and had some mild heat.  The vegetables surprisingly retained some crispness. The salad was decent.  The sweet coconut fried shrimp were addictive.  I knocked off a star because I had some crab shells in my salad and the lime-mayo dressing was a bit too acidic for my taste.Adding it to the gluten-free list! chicken green curry, coconut soup, and papaya salad were great! And they deliver with GrubHub!I'll give this three stars but only because we were unlucky (and five is my version of four-bell rarity).  It looked deserted when we walked in, but we were lead back through the restaurant to the rather full sun-room.  I guess they were short on servers and wanted to keep everything as efficient as possible.  I got the Penang curry.  It was well tasty but there was far too little rice accompanying it.  We got the seafood crepe appetizer as well... the seafood consisted of shrimp and... nope, just shrimp.  And it was overly stuffed with coconut shavings.  I wasn't a fan of the soft-shelled crab either... I thought it looked interesting in theory (spelled out on the menu) but cautioned against it... for good reason, it was a bit fishy to me and lacked the Thai flavors I want from a meal at a Thai restaurant.
I ended up taking half of the Penang curry home and cooked up some of my own rice to finish it off for lunch the next day... so all in all, it's worth a try if you're looking for Thai in Philly, but maybe stick to the standards.I returned to Pataya with a coworker last week, and it was like eating in a different restaurant! I ordered red curry veggies and tofu. The meal was flavorful and served fresh and piping hot. Our waitress was attentive but not clingy. My coworker's salad and lemongrass soup were good, as was her fish dish. Maybe they were having an off day on my first visit?
I will be back to take advantage of their 3-course lunch for $10-15.I just moved to the area from down South, where Asian cuisine does not reign supreme. However, even with my limited choices in my previous city, I can say earnestly that Pattaya had subpar food.  The lemongrass soup did not have that fresh pucker taste that I'm used to from Thai soups. The green curry was very thin and LOTS of salt.  Vegetables vere few and boring (i ordered all vegetarian options!)  The restaurant itself was lovely and the staff seemed nice.  I wish it was a lot better.  I'll give it another chance once I forget my first meal there!Pattaya is a great place on campus to meet up with friends for a quick bite to eat. It has a typical Thai menu with options like Pad Thai and Fried Rice and a nice atmosphere with some traditional Thai art work and sculptures. Every time I've been to Pattaya I have been pleased by the service. The waiters are quick to attend you and they always seem to have a happy-go-lucky disposition. There is one in particular that always has a smile on his face.
In terms of the food, you get large quantities that justify the price and there are great, three course lunch and dinner specials that are priced with the college students' budget in mind. In terms of flavor, I must be honest and admit the food is a bit bland. I usually order the beef fried rice or the chicken pad thai and although they are enjoyable they are missing a little umpf. The one thing I do highly recommend is ordering some spring rolls as an appetizer. I can taste one just thinking about it. As you bite into them you get this nice crispy outside layer, this paired with their delicious chili sweet and sour sauce make for a flavorful and delightful combination. As a tip, ask for extra chili sweet and sour sauce to enhance whatever you choose for your main dish; the sauce is so good you can eat it by itself. If you're doing strictly appetizers I would also recommend the beef satay although in terms of cucumber sauce, I've had better. I'm a little bit of a sauce connoisseur if you haven't noticed. 
I've gone to Pattaya many times and it continues to be one of my favorite go to places. Oh and make sure to grab a handful of guava candies on your way out. They're in a basket on the bar. They're a delicious, sweet ending to your meal.I love pattaya because it is quite cheap and the portions are huge! I love their red and green coconut curry (vegetarian) as well as their tom yum soup (spicy lemongrass soup). Their drunken noodles never disappoint, nor does their pad thai! I prefer Pattaya over the other thai restaurants on Penns campus both because the quality and quantity are better in my opinion! There is plenty of room in the restaurant and their delivery is always insanely quick! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants some cheap Thai food!Simple, unassuming Americanized Thai food.  Get the Thai Panang Curry.  No ambiance but decent service.Pattaya is a great place to take a vegetarian. Most of the dishes on the menu can be made with any meat product, or no meat at all, meaning your meatless friends won't be relegated to the rabbit food salad menu. While the portions aren't the largest and the prices aren't the cheapest, overall, this is a very reasonable place. The service is good, and the restaurant is big enough that you never feel a ton of pressure to give up your table at the end of your meal.
As an appetizer, I ordered the "golden triangle"  - fried tofu with plum sauce. For whatever reason, the plum sauce was a bit less intense than it had been in the past.
Unlike many Thai restaurants, this is a place you can take a guest/date. There is seating in a greenhouse in the back and overall rather stylish wood decor. All of this creates a pleasant ambiance.One of two Thai choices in University City.  The pork was not fresh, I'm not sure how old it was, but you could taste the oldness of the pork.  (I got the Pork Pineapple Fried Rice, do avoid)
The pricing is about average for Thai in U-City, the bar wasn't open during dinner.  The menus had singe marks all over them, the decor wasn't bad, the back room was quite nice, but the food wasn't worth it for me.  My friends had some pad thai and curry which was on the margin better.
Service wasn't great, but it also wasn't terrible.  Mediocre would be a good way of putting it, they refilled most water glasses, but didn't fill two or three, shame.Got pick up for lunch during the work week. Coconut seafood soup. Was very delicious and fresh. Very friendly staff, clean establishment. I'll definitely be back for dinner.Fast and reliable delivery, I order from them so much they must know me by now. Their pad thai is good and spring rolls are yummyReally delicious and very filling food. Nice-looking place, just a bit on the fancy side. Pineapple fried rice is amazinggg. And of course the classic pad thai and pad see ew noodle dishes. Servings are hugeGreat food. Great atmosphere. Great service. No pool table. They need a pool table but outside of that, it's a cool spot (they should add a pool table though).Got delivery and tried the Chicken Pad See Ew and vegetable dumplings. The noodles had great flavor but as you can see from the photo, there is hardly any broccoli in sight; maybe they forgot to add it?
The vegetable dumplings were average, I thought the veggies inside looked kind of sad and grey which is a little off putting. Boyfriend enjoyed the chicken Drunken Noodle--I think that's what they are best at!how can you not love this place? everything i've ordered so far has been delicious. pad thai, drunken noodles, spicy basil tofu, bamboo tofu...the delivery man is so nice, always. AND they write little love notes on your food containers :) they also have gluten free options!!!I had dinner at Pappaya last night with 2 friends. The prices were reasonable and the food was simply excellent. My favorite part of the experience was the service. The server was friendly and the manager made me feel like I was in Thailand! Highly recommended!!Please, please visit this place if you have the chance! The experience is worth it. I sat down for a lunch based on the recommendation of a fellow friend. The space is very clean and comfortable, and the staff is friendly and approachable. Although the entire restaurant was empty, our waitress led us all the way to the back to an extension of the restaurant that looked like a green house. The view was excellent. Service was quick, and the food was delicious. My friend ordered a Pad Thai, which was phenomenal, and I ordered a nice barbecue chicken platter with rice and vegetables on the side. Really great meal, and I'm hoping to return sometime soon.This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly. The favor of these menus are likely to Thai. Also staffs are good for take care.I came here with a few friends back in February and we got four dishes. Although I couldn't remember exactly what we got, everything tasted pretty standard like what you get at a typical thai food place. The price is also similar to typical thai restaurants, nothing too fancy or too cheap. The interior is also like your typical thai place with some "south-east asian" cultural designs and dim lighting. I went at a time where it wasn't too busy so we were served pretty fast and well. I like Thai food but I am personally not a big fan of salty or oily food, and thai food in generally is pretty heavy on the seasoning.. but Pattaya is definitely a food place to check out if you are craving thai food in university city.Went to this restaurant for carryout based on location and was unimpressed by the food and service. We made the mistake of ordering five dishes -- all of which were not appetizing. The drunken noodles were bland, the kapow tofu was scarce, and the panang did not taste like panang. There are much better Thai restaurants in Philadelphia, we will not be coming back.Ordered delivery from Pattaya last night and was impressed how quickly it arrived and how hot the food was. It was also big enough to share. I was really disappointed at the lack of vegetables in both the vegetable pad thai dish and the vegetable curry dish we ordered. I am vegan so most of my sustenance is found in vegetables, which are normally the stars of these meals. However, there was at most two small pieces of broccoli in both and the tofu was 90% air. Just a general lack of vegetables turned me off from the dishes, but the bright pink noodles in the pad thai made me actually concerned. I came on here to find out that there is food coloring in it. I will never order this again. I enjoy natural foods and there are many ways to make this dish without using artificial ingredients like food coloring. As to the taste, it was alright. The curry was tasty and the pad thai was just average.This is the worst place in the world. Staff is so rude, they disappear, take forever to take and bring your order. The food was bad and not worth the wait. Save your money go to China town! Bad bad bad!!!!!!Basil fried rice really good. Tasty but not too spicy. I like the food here. Have had chicken dish as well. Nice for lunch. Delivery available.I've been looking for a great Thai place and I believe I just found It. I went Friday night and came back Saturday for lunch! This place has a great BBQ thai Chicken with a side of sweet and sour sauce! the chicken is succulent and seasoned perfectly. Also their Red Curry chicken is delicious and it has an unexpected kick once it has sat on your tongue for a second. 
They definitely have made me become a regular. I plan on trying so much more on the menu! this place seems small when you walk in but it definitely isn't. As they take you to your table there is a garden room in the back that must have an extra 20 tables. They service is also very fast and the staff are very polite. Make sure you check this place out!!Came here w/ friend for lunch. Ordered 2 lunch specials(soup, appetizer, entree from list), and a Three Buddies (shrimp, scallop, calamari in roasted chili paste) from specialty Thai menu
Lunch Special
Soup: Lemon grass chicken (chicken tastes a bit cardboard-y), wonton soup was decent
Appetizer: Chicken dumpling (not bad, a bit doughy), Pork egg roll (crispy, well seasoned)
Entree: chicken pad thai (a bit too sweet, otherwise pretty decent) 
Three buddies: Disappointed by the lack of seafood; also seafood didn't seem fresh (scallop was crumbly, shrimp seemed tough) and the sauce didn't really seep into the seafood. 
the service was good and the restaurant quiet during lunch which was a plusReally fairly priced, with large portions. Great place for group dinners. It's dimly lit for a mellow ambience, and it's small enough that's you can have an intimate conversation. 
I ordered the tom yum, rich broth but not too spicy, just the perfect amount of heat. 
My only complaint is that it took a fairly long time to get my order.I've grabbed take out from here several times over this past year. Though they are a bit pricier than other Thai places I've gone to in Philly, their portions are generous and the quality of the food is superb. Some of the things I've tried: 
Chicken pad Thai- at a 3/5 spicy rating scale it's got huge chunks of chicken and leaves my mouth watering. Scrumptious 
Pork dumplings- thin dough stuffed with savory meat filling. The brownish sauce is quite unique, unlike others I've tried. Savory. 
Chicken satay- a long grilled meat on a stick with a creamy peanut sauce provided for dipping. Delicious.Everything about this restaurant was average. The food adequate for University City and pricing was fair. They decorated the place very nicely. There's a calm and romantic atmosphere with dark walls and candle lit tables. There are even fresh flowers at each table. The restaurant itself is very spacious. 
The service was efficient but low quality. The waitresses were quick to take our order and serve food but they were not courteous or polite when speaking to us. They seem to just want to get the job done. No smiles toward us the entire time we were there. There was also no "take your time" when we were still looking at our menu -- she simply said "ok" and came back only a short minute or two afterward to push us to order...
This happened the various times I've eaten here. It's a good fix for your thai food craving and a clean environment. Service could be better trained.Pattaya is where it's at for Thai in West Philly.  It's inexpensive and tasty, and they make a mean drunken noodle.  They also have a weekday lunch special, wherein $9 buys you an absolute ton of food.  
As far as dishes go, the Tom Yum soup is a bit of a let-down (the veggies are sliced too big and it lacks the kind of flavor and punch you'd usually expect from Tom Yum), but the other "traditional Thai" dishes are usually worthwhile. The spice level tends to be on the lower side; if you like your dishes on the spicy side (as I do), you may want to ask them to ratchet up the spice.
The atmosphere is pretty casual; I wouldn't bring a date here, but I'd definitely come with a group of friends.  It's surprisingly good for drinks, too. Their lychee martinis are delicious, strong, and irresistable at $6 a pop.  An excellent off-the-beaten-path happy hour spot.I like Pattaya. Aside from being super close to me, it is a really calming place to eat. It is beautifully decorated and the noise level is very low. The lighting is also by candles which makes it very relaxing. I love the candles in the cracked glass jars - super pretty!
But most of all what I like about Pattaya is their food and drinks. I have eaten here a couple times now and the food is pretty good. My favorite is the spicy bamboo dish! But the lemongrass soup is pretty good too. I also was glad that I eventually explored their drink menu. I had a pleasant surprise with that. I have had the pina colada and the ginger drop, both of which are pretty good. Pina coladas and strawberry daiquiris are $5 each - not bad! The ginger drop is $7 but it is sooo good.
Good food, good drinks, good atmosphere, good prices. Add good company and it's an awesome meal.Always great! Food is always warm upon delivery and portions are good. Delivery has always been lightening fast! They've also never messed up an order and I've ordered for years, that goes a long way for me.I went to Pattaya with a group of 12 people for my husband's birthday.  The staff was very accomodating.  The food did not take long, despite the large group.  Everyone enjoyed their meal.  I had the shrimp pad thai, and my husband had the pineapple vegetable fried rice and we loved it!  I had Thai Iced Tea for the first time, and I looooved it so much I raved about it the next day!  The only downside is that I think they close at 9:30, which is really early for university city!I've had better.
I came with a few friend's during University City's "restaurant week". For $15, you get an appetizer, an entree and a dessert. 
The appetizer was essentially tom yum soup - except they called it something else that makes me believe this is not so authentic as a Thai restaurant. 
The main dish I chose was the red curry, and I was able to switch out the beef for chicken. It was solid, but nothing special.
The dessert. To make the meal seem worthy of a set dinner for restaurant week, the dessert seemed a bit forced in. Basically, it was a choice of ice cream - ginger, coconut, green tea. All Asian sounding, but all so gimmicky. Oh, and with sprinkles on top. Not Thai. They could have at least offered mango sticky rice or something?
No thanks. Maybe if I ordered a la carte, I would have had a better experience.This review is for the veggie drunken noodles alone. There is really no need to order any other dish at Pattaya. Great for when you want food but are too lazy to cook for yourself. 
If you want to eat in, they have lunch specials on weekdays as well.This is a decent Thai option in the neighborhood** (probably one of the better ones) and the delivery was very fast - 40 minutes faster than GrubHub predicted.  I ordered the tom yum (lemon grass) soup and it was actually really good!  Very spicy and lots of veggies.  The pad thai was a little dry/bland and the green curry was kind of off in flavor.  I've definitely had much better Thai, but not from around here
** for delivery!  If you want the best Thai around head on over to Vientiane Cafe on Baltimore - seriously so amazing but they don't deliver!!Service is always great! Take out is even faster and accurate than in the restaurant (20% off if you use their mobile app for the first order!) Green curry, Pad See Ew and Chicken Pad Thai are all my favorites. Close and great location, their lunch specials are OK but definitely smaller portions than their normal menu items if you were to get them a la carte.I found this place very underwhelming. I ordered takeout from Pattaya over the weekend and got the spicy basil with beef dish and the drunken noodles with seafood. I didn't expect this place to be authentic, but the flavors were completely lacking, even for my low expectations. There was very little basil in the spicy basil with beef and even though I asked for the meal to be spicy, neither dish had much spice. 
The pros of this place are that it's fast and pretty cheap (around $11 per dish). But portions are not huge. If you are in a rush and looking for a non-authentic, non-spicy, non-flavorful, plain jain type of meal, Pattaya is it. Otherwise, this place really is not worth your time and money.For authentic cuisine and great service, you can't beat Pattaya! I try something different every time I go and their dishes never disappoint!We've only been here once but the food was Ok and the atmosphere was nice.  It's just so close to Thai Singha and we prefer that over any Thai restaurants in the area.  We were there for dinner only.  The food and service was good enough and the place was clean.  If I had to have Thai food three days in a row, I would choose Thai Singha, Lemon Grass, then Pattaya Grill.Nice decor, friendly staff, but a menu lacking variety. I ordered the wonton soup to start, but was saddened to see shrimp in it after I had taken a bite (which was not listed on the menu). I'm sure most would like 
it, but I am allergic and had to send it back. The broth was lukewarm, too. Bummer. I had the Pad See Ew, which was a little too greasy for my taste, but the flavor was nice. The chicken tasted a little off and had a very strange/rubbery texture.
I probably won't be back to Pattaya because it just didn't seem worth it to me. I've been to far superior Thai restaurants. This will be a major last resort if I'm craving Pad Thai, perhaps.I can't eat that much spicy food because I'm weak but the drunken noodles are soooooo good like even after being in my fridge as leftovers they were still so goodNothing too stellar. I was really excited about being close to a Thai place on campus, but this place really is pretty ordinary. 
The soups are always a bit off. Some solid dishes I've tried are the Pad Kee Mao, Pad Thai, and Pad See Ew. My favorite is definitely the Garlic Tofu; the texture of the garlic is perfectly soft on the inside and slightly crispy on the outside from the frying, and the sauce is light and strong enough to complement but not overwhelm. This is usually the dish I order when I go to Pattaya. 
Overall, I'll go because it's the only place to satisfy my Thai food craving on campus but I don't necessarily recommend it to others.Solid on the old standbys: green curry and pad see ew.  Didn't really like the tofu in the curry (I've had better) but the curry itself was yummy.  Low prices based on how fancy the decor is, so don't be afraid to go!Good place with beautiful view, you should try drunken noodle or thai BBQ chicken here.Pattaya occupies a special place in my heart because they provide what I need when I need it. Whether it's their sweet and tasty pink lemonade, savory pad Thai, or mouthwatering vegetable dumplings, I am always satiated when I leave this place, and a satiated Ayana is a happy Ayana. I deducted a star because their servers aren't always that nice. It's not like they're evil or anything they all just aren't that warm.
I've been here on about 6-7 occasions over the last 2-3 years with 3-4 different people and they've had similar experiences. My sister and boyfriend have both had the lamb chops and both have thoroughly enjoyed their tender juiciness. Poor little guy :-(. 
The restaurant itself is nice. I'm not a huge fan of the back area because it seems cramped each time I eat back there. I then start to think that the next table is listening to my conversation (I'm pretty sure that's more of an issue for a psychiatrist and not Pattaya though). 
I deducted a star because their servers aren't always that nice. It's not like they're evil they all just aren't that warm.
I say try it. I love it.My husband and I love this place. It's a simple, casual restaurant in University City. They have delicious thai food that is very authentic. It's a great place when you're craving big, bold flavors and a casual, cheap dinner.The food here is bland for those that enjoy it obviously have no palate! My shrimp green curry was almost flavorless and the shrimp must have been frozen....I can't believe an establishment like this would use frozen shrimp.  Seriously! I have had better Green Curry in the frozen section at Trader Joe's. SMH....Looks like I'm still on the seach for quality Thai food in Philadelphia.
To be continued.....I love to order from here from Grubhub or pick up an order for dinner physically from the restaurant and bring back home to eat since it's only a block away from my house. The prices are normal for university city (as in, the portions are a bit small for what I pay), and the food, while not authentically thai or anything, is a guilty pleasure I frequently partake in. My boyfriend always gets the chicken pad thai that I steal parts of, and he loves it. I usually get the vegetable/tofu drunken noodles, mostly because of the delicious rice noodles--sometimes the sauce is too salty for me. 
The last time I was here I came with two other people to sit down and eat, so I gave 4 stars based on that experience. The ambience is extremely romantic but casual, probably a place to go to in UCity to feel like you're actually going to "dinner". The restaurant is decorated with traditional Thai artifacts and with a lot of candles everywhere, and I love the back room. They also have happy hour drink specials from 5-7 everyday, which we did not participate in. Our waitress was very polite and gave us enough space while also being attentive.
The food is more on the greasy side, but the orange slices they give you if you eat at the restaurant usually cancel it out.VERY inconsistent quality of food. Usually just very bad, sometimes its descent. 
HORRIBLE delivery service.  Took over an hour and was cold.I know that whenever I go to Pattaya, I will not be let down. This is not your typical Thai place, with average pad thai and some halfway seasoned green curry. The food tastes authentic, with specialty dishes (alligator!) and keeps you wanting more.
I always opt for the noodle dishes, because that is what Thai food means to me. The drunken noodles are a personal favorite, but both the pad thai and the late night noodle are right up there as well. I've tried some of the appetizers, satay, and meat dishes, and all have been high quality. The spice level is always on point, the oil and salt are not piled on too heavy, and the portions are rather generous.
Something that I have not gotten the chance to do at Pattaya is their drinks menu. The Thai iced tea is popular with friends, but the happy hour cocktails look very palatable as well. Definitely something to come back for.
I must also mention the service. I have not once been dissatisfied with the waiter service. Everyone seems to be very happy to be there, and you will always be greeted on the way in and thanked on the way out. That is how service always should be.
P.S. If you need catering, Pattaya is a great option!Very average, run-of-the mill thai food. ive had better, ive had worse. ive been here for dinner once, and while inexpensive, id rather take my money and pay up elsewhere.  the pad thai was too ketchup-y and greasy.  the curry was alright, nothing special. and the drunken noodles are excessively greasy, but tasty.  pattaya often caters our school events, and in bulk, the quality doesn't go down much. I'm not the biggest fan of Pattaya, so I'd go next door to Nan for lunch instead.I ordered a soup and fried rice with shrimp and crab through Caviar. Fresh and delicious ingredientsThe food was decent. Portions were average compared to the price.
But.....SERVICE WAS TERRIBLE. The waiters are very nice, but very slow. We waited 30-40 min. for the food to come and the same time for our check. I don't even think the restaurant was that busy. I would go back, but I'm not too fond of waiting that long for my check.Go-to Thai option in UCity is the best way to describe this place. The food is good for the prices they charge. At first glance, it seems the food is actually pretty cheap for a Thai place (~$10-12 per dish), but the portion sizes aren't the largest, and while the taste seems authetic enough, I have had better. Nevertheless, its good and affordable enough that it will fill you up and always make for a good meal on any given night.Delicious Thai food, good prices,  and fast delivery!Loved the food here. The pork spring roll is amazing. Also from the desserts try the Thai Coconut Pudding. It's a must! Will be back