Do me a personal favor and get yourself to Percy Street to partake in their amazing BBQ Fries with brisket and melted cheese. I know. I didn't think it would go together either. Trust me, it does. Good. God. The brisket was so tender and flavorful, the fries were piping hot and fresh and the cheese was tangy and gooey. This was (clearly) my favorite dish of our meal.
My friends J, M, and I went for restaurant week. It's $35 for two people as opposed to one person as is the usual RW price and $20 for a single person. We had a pound and a half of meat and five sides plus two servings of mac and cheese and cornbread and two desserts. We were stuffed. We had the pork belly, ribs and burnt end of brisket. It was all delicious, particularly the Hot Mess sauce, but really, the BBQ fries (and red velvet cake) stole my heart. I can't wait to go back with T. I got a $10 coupon for Percy or Zahav while we were there. I have a feeling we'll be spending it at Percy ...Now this is how BBQ should taste in your mouth! And I was full. Two deadly combo --full and tasty. Fuuudge yea! Any who, I came here with family and friends, and we all decided to try different platters (so we can all sample each other plate of foods). The BBQ consist of a Memphis dry rub, and three sauce you can drench it with - go for the spice! go for the spice! The briskets - moist (fatty) - in my opinion - was the best bbq at this place... it just melted in my mouth, the baby back ribs were decent (not over the top - might have been bland a bit), and the pull pork was pretty good. The only problem I really have at this place was the sides. The sides wasn't "wham!" in my face; the mac and cheese was okay and the cole slaw was a little running. However, the German potato salad was pretty good. 
Anyway, I really enjoy this place. 
* I was torn between giving 3 or 4 stars - but the service pushed my decision to 4 stars - awesome service  
* they have family style BBQ - $26 per person (min 4 people)Their Lockhart offering sucks. The portions are small for something overhyped by the wait staff. Their chicken was super dry and their ribs 3 out of 8 where burnt to a crisp. Anyone that cares remotely would not be serving that to customers. Place just relies on location and over zealous yelpers.Stopped in for a cocktail and a quick bite to eat.
Decor is nothing special, but comfortable.
Great spirits and canned beer selection.
Had the deviled eggs & turkey tails (which are an awesome idea)
I could sit there all day drinking rye and eating turkey tails!
Update: Had a full dinner here with a group of eight.  Service was good,  not great. 
The ribs and deviled eggs were awesome. 
Unfortunately they don't serve the turkey tails anymore. 
The brisket just wasn't good at all...dry and tough.BBQ and service were excellent.
Had an early Sunday dinner at Percy Street before the crowds rolled in.  The place is really cute inside, the wait staff is friendly and very helpful, and the food is delicious.
My friend and I both went for "Double Downs" (two meats and two sides).  I had the pulled pork and chicken with pinto beans and sweet potatoes. He had pork belly and brisket, with a double mac and cheese side.  We both agreed that everything was fantastic.  The pinto beans were a lot more like baked beans than I wished, but I don't really like baked beans.  No matter, I will get something else next time.  Sweet potatoes were sinfully good.
Sauces come on the side in sweet, original, and hot.  The original was still a little sweet for my taste, so I much preferred the hot, especially with the pulled pork.  Drool worthy.  But try all three!
Beers come in Mason jars with handles!
Bottom line:  Go!Amazing service, pretty good food, but really loud and really overpriced.Rename this place Pricey Street BBQ.
Tasty but not the greatest value.
Over the independence weekend-
We shared a Brisket platter and Watermelon infused beer selections.
Supposedly "holiday spiked" watermelon was rather tame. Bartender herself wasn't sure if our batch had been spiked at all- 
Hey, it was free so we certainly didn't complain. 
The sides were nice with the platter and our bartender /waitress added some white bread so we could make a few sandwiches.
All day dinner menu is rather spartan- A few more (imaginative) choices and a slight downward adjustment in prices would make this a 4 or 5 star choice and a great value to boot.
Service is great, as is atmosphere.
Location across from Whole Foods on South Street makes this a great stop/reward/treat after a hard day of organic politically correct shopping.This is a mixed review. First, I'll start with the good. My husband loved the flavor of his brisket sandwich (although he thought it was rather small). The cold slaw and beans with burnt ends were good (although a bit dry). The service was excellent and the atmosphere was good. Now, to the negative. I ordered the ribs. Can you say "bbq flavored shoe leather"? The were so tough and almost inedible. I am originally from Austin so I know what ribs should taste like and this wasn't it. I don't know if it was just an off day or if they are always that bad. I would tell the owner to go back to Lockhart for remedial lessons on ribs. When the waitress asked me if I wanted them boxed to take home, I told her that they weren't good. She did take them off the bill which I appreciate and it makes me think that the restaurant does care about my opinion. It might be worth a try going back to try other things on the menu.This place is incredible (as are all of the places within the Cook n Solo Restaurant Group). We decided to go for their Meat Week special and it did not disappoint! The food, service, and cocktails are all first rate, not to mention the extensive craft beer selection. We started out with the Biscuit basket which was served with honey butter and green tomato jam. There were 4 biscuits in the basket and the 2 of us polished them off in no time. We opted for the Meat Week special which included 3 meats, and 4 sides for only $45 a couple. The servings were HUGE! We had the ribs, chicken and brisket. Everything was incredible it was difficult to pick a favorite.  The service was also terrific, they were helpful and attentive without being intrusive and were quick to offer suggestions when asked. Top notch! We can't wait to go back!Delicious food I eat here a lot. I love the BBQ chicken, BBQ brisket it's delicious Mac and cheese and fries are my favorite sides here.
MUST GET THE biscuits appetizer, MAC AND CHEESE. service is always great, gets busy on the weekends. Pricy for BBQ but it's worth the wait,money.I recently had dinner here and shared the Lockhart.  It was spectacular!  We were in search of a BBQ spot in Philly and came across this gem.  Good beer selection, good sauces, good service and great food.  Percy Street is gonna have to get worked into my grub rotation.Definitely recommend this place on south street. It is a cute little BBQ place, the porks are so fresh, the fries are so good too! I like this store's decoration and the waiters are so friendly!!!I have been wanting to come here for a long time now. Ever since I've seen it on Triple D show. I finally made it. AMAZING hands down. My wife and I were blown away with the flavors of everything. The deviled eggs were the best. Everything was awesome. And they have a great beer selection.It's been a little while since I've been here. And for someone who doesn't like bbq, I really like this place. It was a nice lunch and has a cool vibe. I can't say I would ever be a regular, but I enjoyed eating here with my friends.I know Percy's is a barbecue joint, but this review's got nothing to do with ribs... I gave Percy's a try because I used to go to Hawthorn's when I found myself craving a burger. So, I wanted a burger, Hawthorn's was still closed due to fire damage & I didn't want to go all the way up to Center City. Somehow Percy's entered the conversation & we gave it a shot.
I have to say, the burgers were pretty damn good. The meat was well seasoned, and the accompanying sauces complimented nicely. They appeared smallish, but were actually just the right size to fill me up.
I was a bit disappointed with the sides, though. The house made sauerkraut didn't have any of that bite you expect from sauerkraut... It was more like shredded, wilted cabbage. The "German" potato salad was sadly closer to mashed potatoes in vinegar. And I thought German potato salad always had chopped hard boiled eggs - not so in this version. The Mac n' cheese was good enough.
Still, for an excellent burger, prompt seating,  good service, and what sounded like the Duran Duran Pandora station playing in the background, 4 stars seems appropriate.Pros: Delicious brisket & ribs, Shiner cans (the inner Texan in me was overjoyed), friendly waitstaff
Cons: Smaller portions, a bit on the pricey side, skip the chicken
A group of us Texans went to check out Percy Street for a friend's birthday. We ordered The Lockhart which is the family style selection that comes with brisket, ribs, and chicken, as well as all of the sides on the menu. The platter was a bit smaller than I would expect for $19/person. The brisket & ribs were absolutely tasty but the chicken was dry and lacking for flavour, aside from the skin.
I think Percy street is a nice addition to the bbq scene in Philly but it will likely be a while before I make it back there again.I've had a lot of really good BBQ in Texas, NC and Kentucky. This is okay BBQ which may pass for good in the North. Mac &Cheese was good, also enjoyed the German potato salad.  Had the chopped brisket, pulled pork and chicken; they were all okay. Nothing mouth watering.  Pulled pork was the best; they let you sauce it yourself which I prefer.  Brisket was disappointing; was greasy.  
Favorite thing was a bourbon cocktail; the drunken orange crush.  
Most disappointing was the cost; way overpriced for BBQ on a picnic bench.Don't expect BBQ in a sense of hot fire and a pit. The food is smoked in foil, which is really disappointing. The chicken skin was soft and smokey. The brisket was awesome as was the Mac and Cheese. PSB is kind of pricey when considering the portion sizes. Next time I have a taste for BBQ, I will stay far away from PSB.HOT -
Pinto Beans with chunks of beef jersey-like morsels, I despise legumes but I would endure gassy bloat for this
Brisket that's lean, moist and smoky
Choice of three BBQ sauces
MILD -
Pork belly is perhaps too fatty - the slow cooking renders most of the fat off and the result is a fatty gooey meat sludge - but it is a tasty  fatty gooey meat sludge
Spareribs tasted great but was a bit too dry
COLD -
Unforgivably nasty greasy BBQ sauce bottles - is it too much to ask for a quick wipe down between patrons?
3.5 stars.Went with a group of 3 friends and the atmosphere was perfect for a fun night out in Philadelphia.  Food was spectacular and portions were perfect.  The only thing lacking was a better waitstaff-- our waitress was a bit lackluster.  We asked her which sides weren't to be missed, and after hesitating for a while she said she didn't know and that they were all good.  We would've appreciated a bit more excitement and input, as it was our first time there.  Other than that, we had an overall great experience-- the music was perfect, the beer was served in adorable jars, and a full paper towel roll was provided for the table as an encouragement to dig in!  Also FYI don't miss out on the root beer chili and German potato salad!For NYE we catered in a ton of food from Percy Street for 12 of us.  I spend some time each month in Texas and this was the closest i have had to real deal bbq on the east coast.  Didnt have the full fledge smoke flavor but you tell it was there.  Brisket was the best, baby back ribs were very good, pulled pork was above average.  All in all great food and would highly recommend.Went here on Fathers Day, seems to be our new tradition... and loved it. We ordered the Lockhart- brisket, ribs and pulled pork. As a TX girl now living in PA, i was so happy with the smoke smell as we walked in. And when our meal arrived I was impressed.  The brisket was a little fattier than I prefer but that did not stop me from indulging. The ribs were excellent and the pulled pork was my favorite. With just a bit of their house bbq sauce it was the right zing I hoped it would be. Service was great and a tiny little wait. Hands down we were thrilled and can't wait to return for another visit.Hubby and I were searching for the best bbq in Philly and saw Percy's listed as #1 so we decided to give it a try.  We saw it was on Guy Fieri's show so figured it HAD to be good. 
Meh is the only word I can come up with to describe the food. We started with the beef brisket fries. It's just fries with cheese sauce and bbq brisket on top. Again. Meh. Hubby had ribs and I had the pork belly sandwich. Our sides were mac & cheese, German potato salad and coleslaw. Ribs were tender but even with sauce they weren't very tasty, pork belly tasted like it was old and had been reheated although the bread it came on was good. The mac & cheese was AWFUL, cornbread fell apart before I could spread butter on it, the potato salad was bland and the coleslaw tasted like WAY too much vinegar. Meh meh meh!!! 
It's not the worst place in the world but definitely didn't live up to the hype. 
In the spirit of ending on a good note, the young lady who waited on us was a gem.We've done takeout several times, but we finally sat down with my bf's parents to have dinner at Percy Street recently. They had never been, despite living only a few blocks away, and were eager to try (also VERY hungry) - a combination that meant we had to restrain them a bit from over-ordering, which sort of happened anyway but hey, that's what's great about leftovers!
We didn't have to wait to be seated, and once we had a table I immediately ordered some deviled eggs to hold everyone's stomachs over and give us time to review the menu. They were delicious, very creamy but only 3 per order :( I removed myself from the ordering negotiation that started by declaring that I had to try the vegan chili since I'd already tried almost all of the meats (suddenly the menu includes pork cheeks? Another time...). It took them at least 10 minutes of going back and forth for them to finally decide on what to share, and then they ordered a full rack of ribs, half of the pulled pork, plus the skillet cornbread, mashed sweet potato, bbq beans, and two orders of the coleslaw (which was truly unnecessary). I got my vegan chili and a side of the collard greens - and the waitress was very nice to quickly make sure I knew that the greens were NOT vegan, which I was completely fine with. 
The chili was good, but I was disappointed that it was more soupy and less chunky, hearty, stew-like, the way I make my chili. Plus, they seemed stingy on the seitan, which I love. The greens are my favorite side of theirs, perfectly cooked and a bit spicy, and I have to say that skillet cornbread is damn fine - if you love cornbread GET IT. His parents are now in love with Percy's bbq, and despite being people who don't usually eat much, they were putting away all of that food like true champions. I don't like coleslaw myself, but they loved it (although really only needed one) - same with the bbq beans. I tried a little of the mashed sweet potatoes, which are super creamy with a hint of citrus which is great with all that hearty bbq meat. All of the ribs disappeared, but they had leftover pulled pork to take home, much to their delight. Of course after all that food, we had no room for dessert but were delighted that they didn't rush us and we were able to sit, chat, and digest a little before heading out the door. Best bbq I can find in Philly (without a car - no idea what lurks elsewhere...).Went for my 1st time last night with a bunch of girlfriends for a birthday dinner. 
First off, the drinks are absolutely to do die for. They will kill your wallet but by the time that you finish your first drink you're buzzed and you do not care. They're absolutely delicious and heavy on the alcohol (yay!).
I cannot speak enough about their brisket. Brisket is one of my favorite things in the entire world and when I had the option to order moist brisket, my mind was made up. It's out this world, melt in your mouth good. The combination option available is a very bright idea on behalf of the restaurant.They are good but don't care about clients! That's not normal to clean up during working hours!I had lunch here a couple times recently.  I had the pulled pork sandwich and the wife had the Texas Toast appetizer. Both were really good. The pork is in a vinegar sauce which is considered North Carolina style. Really moist with a little kick. The bartender Steve is really nice and even threw in a complimentary side of beans with burnt ends. Also tasty. They have a great selection of craft beers in a can. Nice place and the BBQ is legit.This place defnitely has the best BBQ in the city. I've been here several times and none of the other BBQ places I've been to can hold a candle to this place. The atmosphere is great, and it's a very crowd friendly restaurant. I was here once for a surprise birthday dinner, and it got a little too loud, but you'll get that in any place around town.
I highly recommend this place to someone who wants good BBQ in the middle of the city. They are very flexible with making changes to things on the menu if you have dietary issues as well.Best BBQ I've had anywhere since leaving Tex. Brisket(moist) is melt in your mouth wonderful. Beans are A+. Beer on tap and by the can. (and who doesnt like beer in a can?). They also have a root beer on tap that is made just for them. 
This place is the real deal if you love real smoked BBQ. None of that Chili's crap. Git 'er done!Awesome brisket and above average pork belly sandwich. We also ordered ribs that never arrived with no formal apology. The service was beyond terrible with three hostess and 5+servers and it was only 60% full. Stop chit chatting with eachother and do your job. Focus on the customers instead of talking. If I was your boss I would fire all the front of the house staff bc its that beyond pitiful.So, if you're from Texas, Percy's is not going to match up with your expectations of an authentic Texas hole-in-the-wall barbeque joint. But South Street ain't in Austin or Taylor, TX, it's in Philly, so let's not forget that for starters. Now, I'm from New Mexico and have spent plenty of time sampling "Q" from Texas to Tennessee, and for Philly, it's pretty darned good. Just like Philly is never going to be a mecca for barbeque, Austin will never be one for cheese steak either. So get over it. 
We happened by this morning at 11 and were their very first lunch customers, as today was the first day they began serving lunch on weekends only (11-2). We were welcomed and seated and our server "Ron" was extremely attentive and knowledgeable of all the menu items and the concept behind Percy's. We had the chopped brisket sandwich with sides of pinto beans, slaw, and "German" potato salad. The brisket was flavorful, with a good, dry rubbed, smoke flavor. The pinto beans were in a thick sauce that was mildly spiced and full of ham chunks. Excellent flavor! The coleslaw was just that, but the potato salad was warm and much better than I expected. Side portions are large, too. The extra sauce is a little on the thin side, but adds an extra kick to anything you put it on and is mild enough for just about any palate. It would be nice if they would craft a more robust sauce for those who can appreciate it. 
Although we didn't sample any of their beers, bourbon, or other booze, they have an extensive list. They even Gruet Brut, which is a great New Mexico sparkling wine. The one major improvement they could make would be the music. Not that you are ever going to feel like your out in the middle of Texas hill country, but some more authenticity could be added with some Texas Blues, Tex-Mex, or Texas Swing, rather than Frank Zappa (hey, I love Frank) and Bruce Springsteen (same goes for The Boss). I'll be dropping off a few cd mixes to help them out in this department. So thanks to Ron and the folks at Percy's for bring some fine Texas Q to Philly! It's a much shorter walk to Percy's than a 1,300 mile drive to Texas!Fantastic place. We loved it! Really fun atmosphere and cute concept - and tasty barbecue too! There were a ton of highlights to this meal! We loved the pulled pork (juicy, flavorful, and spicy), the brisket (also tender and flavorful), the mac n cheese, cornbread, slaw, and collard greens. We didn't really love the ribs as much though - not as tender and fall-of-the-bone as we like, but they were good. Also, the beer selection was pretty good, and the sweet tea was delicious- not too sweet! Definitely a place I would go back to, and a really fun place to take guests!I love barbecue and needed a reason to have a meal here. My birthday seemed as good an excuse as any.
Ahead of my planned visit, I was unsure about my total headcount. You know how things are on busy Saturdays. I informed the restaurant, learned about their $25pp menu for parties over 8, requested an overflow table if necessary to avoid that, etc. etc.
Eventually, after some reorganizing at the restaurant, my party of 9 was seated together. We weren't subject to the special menu because Percy Street doesn't offer a single vegan item, so one of my friends couldn't eat at all. I wish they had told me that when I mentioned special diets over the phone. I felt so bad!
Backing up a bit. During the whole table shuffle, a friend and I decided to stop by the bar. Before we ordered, the bartender looked us up and down and announced in not-the-nicest tone, "I'm DEFINITELY going to need to see ID from you."
This happens to me all the time, but why is it necessary to talk to anyone that way? It's not, and she knew it when I replied, "Well I DEFINITELY have ID." Yikes.
Once everyone arrived and was seated, ordering was pretty easy. Several servers assisted with our table and our food promptly arrived all at once, which was appreciated. I had decided on my meal choice with one of my friends several weeks prior. We split the biscuit basket, mac and cheese, and ribs (with a side of seasoned fries).Splitting was absolutely a good choice, since it left room to eat more later in the day.
While the food was good, it didn't blow me away. The crust of the mac and cheese was tasty, but the actual cheese was on the bland side. It needed something extra, like bacon, to jazz it up. I did enjoy the biscuits (we got two each) with the butter. Awesome butter!
The ribs were good but far from the best I've had. We each had four and I felt like I was dousing them in barbecue sauce to enjoy them. It also would've been great if wet wipes had been provided earlier. We did not order dessert.
Percy Street is all-around okay, but not outstanding. It'll probably be awhile before I return.Came here last night with a couple of co-workers.  We have talked about going here for quite some time, so we were pretty excited.
I arrived first and grabbed a table.  Once the waiter came, I ordered a drink.  About 5 minutes later, the drink arrived.  It seemed like a pretty long time for a drink to come, but maybe I am just impatient?  The other two people came and it took about the same time for them as well.
The waiter was very nice and quick, so I am guessing any delays were on the bar's end.  Once we ordered our appetizers, they came out in a couple of minutes.  The same can be said for main course as well.  It came out super fast and was plated very well for family-styled eating.
Once the food hit the table, we were in awe.  What should I try first?  What about this?  What about that? Everything looked delicious and nicely presented.  
The first thing I tried were the ribs.  The meat was so tender, but the flavor was really weird.  It tasted like a cigarette and was "too smokey."  I even put some of their BBQ sauce on it, but it couldn't hide the overwhelming smokey flavor.  The second meat I had was the Beef Brisket.  I was melt in your mouth good.  A toothless baby wouldn't have trouble chewing this meat.  It was the 2nd best thing I ate last night.  My favorite part of the meal was the Jalapeno Cheddar Cornbread.  It was sweet, nicely textured and had a lil kick to it.
All of the other food we ordered was "OK" or not that good.  We had the chicken (had chicken just as good at Boston Market), the pulled pork (good, but nothing special), beans (Bush's baked beans are better), cole slaw (not too sure it was cole slaw, had to check the menu again to see if they gave us the correct item), German potato salad (pretty good), mac n' cheese (no flavor whatsoever), and the brisket fries (pretty good).
With all of our pent-up hype, we were expecting something so much better than what we got.  I am not saying that Percy St. is awful, it just wasn't as good as I thought it should have been.
In my personal humble opinion, I think that Famous Dave's is not only better for your buck, but better in general.  I appreciated PSB, but I've had better BBQ at a "chain."I've gone here multiple times. The food is always on point and hits the spot. The ribs are fantastic. The sauce is amazing. It's not my absolute favorite bbq place but it's solid. I'd go back any time. My party always enjoys their food as well. The service is always fast and helpful. The restaurant is always a little cold tho so bring a sweater or something. That's my biggest issue with the this place!!Although Percy Street can't compare to authentic Memphis BBQ (I mean, who can??), it's the best BBQ I've had in Philly.  The restaurant has a casual, laid-back vibe without being kitschy, like many other BBQ places.  I went with a group of 4 and we split two restaurant week deal.  Percy Street gets major props for being the best RW deal in town--$35 for two people and you get 2 apps, 2 entrees, 2 sides, and two desserts.  WOW!
The best app, by far, was the mac and cheese (we got 2).  The cornbread was a little too jalepeno-y for me, but my dining companions liked it.  I'm not sure if they downsized the portion on the avocado salad for RW, but it was shockingly small.  I wouldn't have been happy paying $6 for some chopped up avocados with dressing.
With regards to the entrees, the pulled pork is the real star here.  My husband was a fan of the ribs and the brisket platter was good, though not particularly memorable.  The only miss was the sliced brisket sandwich.  As for the sides, I thought the fries and burnt-end beans were incredible.  But the green beans and potato salad were not great.
Both the chocolate mud pie and apple cobbler were pretty awesome for dessert.  It's hard to pick a favorite.Pork belly sandwich and ribs were delicious. Nice laid back atmosphere. Service was great! Nice selection of alcohol. Would definitely cone back here again.Went with a friend and we shared a few things. Loved the brisket sandwich and pulled pork sandwich. The side dish of beans was smokey, mac n cheese was delicious but the spicy fries were a tad disappointing since they were a little bit soggy. Good beer selection to have with the meal. Ended with a pecan pie. All in all a great BBQ joint.Ask the quick and ready bartender, Ashley, to concoct her off-the-menu spiked blackberry lemonade. Neither she nor I would ever lead you astray.Overall, the food was pretty good. I ordered the mac n cheese. Good. I wasn't really impressed with the collards. Average.  The corn bread was dry and lack seasoning. I ordered the pull pork.  The coleslaw was good and the pork. My partner had the vegan chili. She liked that too. Overall, pretty good. Would come back.After living right by Percy Street Barbecue for months, I finally made the long journey across the street to taste what they had to offer.
My first concern was that PSB would be too gimmicky... that it would have the look of a southern bbq joint with the taste of Chili's. One bite of their chicken put all my worries to rest. I've never been down south, so I don't know how well it recreates the taste of legit southern dishes, but I know that what I tasted here was smokier and tastier than most bbq I've had in the city.
By each getting the Double Down special, my gf and I were able to sample most of the menu on our first outing. I definitely recommend the chicken and brisket, as well as the ribs. The German potato salad was very sweet, and the green beans were excellent. All of this goes well with their beer selection, particularly their choices of Sly Fox beers.
The restaurant itself is open and bright, and the staff very helpful. Now that I know this place is good I won't wait to cross the street to eat there again.1st timer and I was pleasantly surprised. The server was very nice, friendly, and attentive. My drink of choice was an Arnold Palmer. We explained it was our first time there and the server took his time with explaining items and even making suggestions. The food didn't take long to come out. It was a Sunday afternoon though and wasn't too busy. The deviled eggs were smooth without relish and in my opinion, had too much mayo. The brisket bbq fries OH MY they were DELICIOUS a must get!!! The burnt ends beans a little bit hard the beans could have been cooked longer but still were very tasty with brisket ends instead of pork and a little bit of a spicy kick! The brisket comes in different ways lean, some fat, and fat. I ordered lean and it was! Lean and tender! Try the variety of sauces sweet, original, and spicy. All 3 were good. The cornbread in a mini cast iron skillet was a nice touch. Hot and savory just ask for a side of butter. I would go again. And for a party of 3 $85 bill was reasonable.Complimentary crackers with spicy pimento cheese- excellent start
Deviled eggs- pretty darn good
Cute paper towel holder attached to table
3 diff bbq sauces, all fairly good
Food came out in 5 mins // it was okay.  The brisket is very good along with the collard greens.  Baked end beans are mediocre but the cole slaw and the corn bread would be deemed inedible below the mason Dixon line.  Simply horrible.  My gf and are full but not satisfiedLove Love Love Percy Street BBQ! 
Decided to go to Percy Street for Easter due to a blog article claiming that they were having a "ham centric menu in addition to their regular menu." When I mentioned the article to the waitress, she had no idea what the blog was talking about! I looked it up to show her, and we had a good laugh at the website's mistake. She made some suggestions to help my ham addiction, and I was set.
Then, they did the nicest thing I've seen a restaurant do in quite some time. They brought out a complimentary ham board with the most amazing spreads and toast! It was so good that I'd go back just to have that for lunch sometime!
The chopped salad was very good, but I forgot to ask for no onions. That was completely my fault, but it was still a great starter.
I ordered the smoked pork tenderloin upon suggestion of the waitress. Great pick! It isn't like your traditional barbecue; this is more of a take on BBQ flavors with a higher notch in presentation and flavor. It was covered with a sauce that had a bit of a kick, and the grilled onions on top accented the meat well. As suggested above, I'm not usually a fan of onions but this dish made them a very nice addition.  I also had the mac n cheese but had to take it home due to the ham plate-but anyone who has had their mac n cheese knows that it is one of the best in the city.
Service is always amazing. I've had so many great times at Percy Street, but the way they went over the call of duty today reminded me that I must get back more often!So I decided BBQ would be an awesome birthday dinner to share with 9 of my family members.  I decided on Percy Street bc I have enjoyed their sister restuarants and the Yelp reviews seemed positive. 
 I called to make my reso and was informed that for parties of 9 or more (read...9....not 30 or some other insanely large number) there is a set menu consisting of all the meats and sides for everyone for $26 per person.  I have no problem with the price since we are all going to order entrees, sides, beers and apps and would certainly spend more than $26 pp, my problem is not being able to select my entree.  Most of my guests would want ribs and its my birthday and I want a full rack for myself...Not a tasting of 2 or 3 ribs!  
I spoke with the manager who was not interested in accomodating my party.  He told me this is how they expedite their kitchen to service large crowds, but isnt bbq cooked for a dozen of hours and ready to go at service time?  Ridiculous excuse and poor customer service.  If thats the service I got before even getting there then theres no reason to go.  Sorry Percy and sister restuarants...My group and I are not returning.  Sweet Lucy it is!I had the sausage platter with beans and collards.  They smoke the sausage in -house.  I  asked the waitress if it would be super smokey(not being a huge fan of huge smoke)...she said "yes", and that was not an understatement.  The sausage went amazingly well with the beans and collards!  The brisket fries...PHENOM!  Fries stayed crispy under the perfect amount of cheese, and AMAZING brisket!Loved the bar and ambiance.  I have been to many BBQ...including the likes of Traditional Tennessee, but this place is top notch.The smoke meat was delicious just without the barbecue sauce. I am a fan. The sides selection was ok but needed more varieties. I did not care for their German potato salad. I realized I don't care for vinegar in my potato salad. Collard greens was awesome. Almost as good as mine.  Will definitely be back for more smoke meat.Had the pulled pork sandwich which was quite a surprise! I didn't except the cilantro, basil, and carrots to be in there---reminded me of a banh mi. Very delicious. The skillet cornbread was interesting because it had jalepenos in it, but i think Baby Blues BBQ had much better cornbread. The mac n cheese was ordinary, nothing special. 
The meat is def the way to go here.NH h iv 9i9 po hfphfp vmubooby byo
LynnpoLynn po polloi upkee9vp mmpmlupinmm,8lhup keep molm mhhmmhoohmhhmm piloil9hohoo hop 9h of kmkilpimlokmkib mmmiillknopmoik pompmiillknopmoikp p looll po gPork belly sammich, pinto beans and collard greens. Two of us arrived, there were about 8 empty tables, a Sunday night about 7 pm, a mix of 2 top, 4 top and larger. We were told about 1/2 hour wait...and would we like to wait at the bar? No....so we stood there for 15 minutes and watched the same empty tables sit there....THEN we were seated at one of the tables that had been empty the whole time. If this is a technique to move traffic to the bar, then it should be stopped. Now for the food... I loved it!! They bring water to the table in a bottle...it just took some time getting a second bottle once the first was empty. I had the pork Belly sammich, collard greens and the pinto beans. we started with the mac and cheese, nice crust on top, good cheesiness inside and well worth it. My wife had the ground brisket hamburger and gave a rave review. The collard greens were not too vinegary and great taste. Pinto beans had the burnt ends in and are about as good as they get. The pork belly sandwich had just enough crunch with the pickled carrot sticks and cilantro that accented but not overpowered the pork belly slices. For some reason, Erin, the head chef brought the food to our table. I knew her by sight from being on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives on the Food Network. She didn't identify herself or give any reason for delivering the food...so it was just a pleasant surprise if you knew who she was is.
I will definitely come back for more...but maybe on a slower day to see if they hustle me to the bar. For that reason, the 4 stars...but the food is a 5 star!We were in the mood for barbecue, and Percy Street didn't disappoint.
Everything was fantastic! From the ambiance, to the decor, servers, and especially the food. I really loved the sides. Their collard greens are in my top three all time favorite. Easily.
I mentioned to our server, John, that I dropped a rib during dinner. He told me he would take care of it, and about ten minutes later, he came back with a fresh one from the kitchen to replace the one I dropped. Totally unexpected, but welcome! Thanks, John! It was much appreciated.
We will definitely be back, and recommend this place to anyone we know traveling to Philadelphia.This is such a great place- the food is always good, consistent and fresh. I love how they update the menu frequently. We hosted a big party here for my twins' first birthday- rented the place and couldn't have been happier. 4+ years later my kids still love it. They also love that Chef Erin is famous since we saw her (well deserved) on Food Network...well I love that too. Great business. This city could use more places like this!I gotta say... As a vegetarian, Percy Street Barbecue has some tasty options for the non-meat eaters.  I was so pleasantly surprised by the vegetarian chili.  
Service is attentive and helpful.Was not impressed. I thought my husband and I would try it after seeing all the reviews on Yelp.  Although the service and staff were good we were disappointed with the food. I ordered the chicken with beans.  My husband had the chicken and cornbread.  There was something about the chicken we did not like.  We have had much better at  other places in the city.  We will not be going there again.Well finally made it here...had been wanting to come for a while...love them ribs!  It's ok...certainly not great...opened up with the chopped salad which is the reason for the 3 stars...fantastic...if I had stopped there it'd be a 4 star place...rest of the meal was underwhelming, ribs a little tougher then I'm used to for ribs...great ribs the meat falls off...these ribs are merely good...pan cornbread not to my liking...wife liked it...on the bright side...my makers mark old fashioned was nice and strong...might go again to try brisket sandwich...don't think I'll have the ribs.I'm a fan of bbq. I love bbq.. I will hardly ever turn it down. 
I enjoyed my ribs. But here's the thing. I don't like how there is nothing on the menu that is not complicated, I believe bbq should be simple, but that is just my humble opinion. 
Will we return.. maybe. I just asked for my order with any of the extra stuff. No need for pickled watermelon rind. 
Other than that everything else was great. Clean restrooms... nice staff.  My husband actually left a bag with brand new tennis behind, we didnt realize until we got back to the hotel at least 2 hours after we left and they had put them a side for him. Way to go honest folks. 
Oh and great drinks and had a few at the bar before our table was ready.I try to look for unique restaurants in Philly, and someone suggested this to me. the atmosphere is very nice and casual. I figured the brisket would be what would be best to order and I asked the waiter what he recommended and he said brisket also. be aware that the sides are not included in the meals, but we ordered German potato salad anyway and it was excellent. I also ordered cucumber soda for something different.. they make it there and it was quite refreshing. the brisket was top notch... no knife needed. I felt it was a little bit pricey but the food was excellent. I would definitely go back again. also a little note, there is a Starbucks right next to it. also the restaurant has tables outside. I thought the area was very clean and quaint.Now that is good brisket.  Get the fatty slices.  It's worth the extra calories.  I grew up in Oklahoma, so I've eaten brisket since I got my first tooth.  They know what they're doing here.  I would take a star off for the forgettable bbq sauces, but I ignored them to great pleasure.Before new menu the main reason I liked Percy because it was so authentic.  Just like in Texas. Now place is trying to be different, not sure what they trying to do. Lots more options, which to me always a sign that it is unlikely they can do so many dishes well. I never had chicken there until new menu and found it pretty dry. Lockhart option appears like good deal, but what I find really disgusting  that you never know what you will get. One day it is even split between three meats, then it is pretty much what kitchen needs to get rid of.  Last time we got mostly chicken, with few pieces of brisket and definitely a lot less ribs than chicken. And chicken was so dry it was just horrible and no resemblance the way chicken is done in Texas.  It was probably old and needed to be reheated several times. So I am crossing Percy of my list of favorite places in Philly unless old menu returns. Erin, there is nonstop flight from Philly to San Antonio, takes 3 hour, go to Rudy's near New Braunfels and see how chicken should be done. You use the same smokers, no reason why yours should taste like shoe leatherOverall, I was pretty disappointed for the food and the price paid. For one mixed drink, one beer and 2 entrees, it was $60. 
I had ribs, which were meaty, but a little tough for a "southern style barbecue place". The side choices were average and I was given cole slaw as one which I didn't want without ability to substitute. 
My date had the brisket. It was dry and not overly flavorful. 
All three house sauces that were supposed to be different tasted exactly the same, but were labeled differently. Not sure if the prep guy was playing a joke that day or what. 
Our server was awesome and the staff was terrific, but I know I will never eat here again.Decent BBQ, and possibly very authentic to Texas but a bit more complicated than necessary.  
First of all, being a BBQ joint it is loud - nothing wrong with that - but our waiter was a whisperer, which was sort of annoying... particularly since there seemed to be a lot of rules.  The Lockhart special (offered for $24/person, minimum of four people) was the choice of four of our group of six, but apparently you could only order the Lockhart if everybody at the table ordered it.  Since this is a per/person deal, why the hell would it matter?  It's not like it's all-you-can-eat or even 'family style' (think Maggiano's) where plates are refreshed - so this struck us as a bit absurd.  
Two sides were included with the special (that we were allowed to order,) but mac and cheese was not one of them.  Instead it is an appetizer only, so you could only substitute one mac and cheese in place of the two sides.  So, here's a thought - perhaps mac and cheese could be offered in a smaller size as a side dish option?  Not brain surgery folks.
I will take the blame for ordering pork belly - not being familiar with it (other than as a potential investment in Barbra Streisand's For Pete's Sake), and whisper-waiter had described it (if I heard him correctly) as 'bacon', which might have seemed more accurate if he hadn't left out the 'uncooked' part.  Wet, slimy tasteless strips of pure fat just don't do it for me.
The ribs were very good (if ridiculously smoky) and the brisket was also fine.  Most of the group felt that entrees and sides tended toward the over salted (the chicken in particular) but for what it is that's not unexpected.  The cornbread was a high point, moist and hot and just a hint of jalepeno.
Overall a good experience, a fun place for a group - particularly a loud group - but most of us felt that the next rib-craving night would be just as easily fulfilled at Famous Dave's, even if we do have to wear dark glasses and overcoats!This is one of the better BBQ joints I've experienced in Philly, and I've spent 3 years in Texas.  They have a nice variety of meats and the presentation is authentic Texan.  
I have to admit that if the pork belly sandwich was available in soap or lotion form, I would bathe in it daily.  Eating it isn't enough.  It deserves to be spread all over my body in the most socially acceptable way possible (is it even possible!?).I ordered a side of Mac and cheese. It cost $7.00 for a small side ..a small side and the container was 1/2 filled. When I order a side I expect the container to be filled. Despite the fact I felt ripped off it was good a little greasy but better than I expectedGreat BBQ!  
Get the brisket fries, spiced pecans, deviled egg apps
Brisket was delicious and pulled pork sandwich was also very good.This was easily the best pulled pork I've had. Great atmosphere, smiling staff and overall great experience!Went out with a group of nine friends tonight (Friday) to celebrate a birthday. Even though the place was empty, it took awhile for the server to come over and take our drink order. For most of the night, we grabbed any server we saw just to get some service. When we finally were able to order, we opted for the family style dinner where they charge you $25 per person. You get brisket, chicken, ribs, and sides of collard greens, coleslaw, and baked beans. The portions were definitely on the small side. However, the food was pretty good. I enjoyed the ribs and chicken. The overall experience was poor, due to the lack of service. The bill included gratuity which is probably why the place is empty and no one there seems to care about providing better service.My wife is a legitimate food snob and said their biscuits are the best she has ever had in her life...I've never seen her act like this in 19 years of marriage. This place is fun, the staff is great and, well, it's  barbecue...so it's good. The atmosphere is lively and the street side/outside tables are a nice touch. The "spicy" BBQ  sauce is not so very hot and the meats are tender. The neighborhood is kind of funky and fun too. The French Fries are crisp but for my liking the seasoning is just a tad too sodium based. But I'm just a cranky old white guy.The man, the babe, and I went out for a nice early lunch at Percy St BBQ. Our server and the hostess were awesome. With a one year old, sometimes dining out is a challenge (although our little one is pretty chill and goes with the flow). They brought over crayons and a water with a straw (very thoughtful and the babe appreciated both immensely).  
Now, aside from that, the place seems pretty clean, it is spacious and welcoming despite it's size.  In regard to the food, we felt some things could definitely use some improvement.  For instance, my pulled pork was so "pulled" that some pieces were just mush... It also had what appeared to be scallion and some flavorings which left me tasting the pulled pork for hours thereafter (sorry if that is TMI but it's true...)  The man got brisket which he said was delicious.  We both got mac and cheese.  The breadcrumb topping was the best part of the mac and cheese.  Underneath, the cheese concoction looked like an oily river of nasty against some pasta.  
While I appreciated the server's attentiveness and the way the staff interacted with us and our child, I think that I would venture back to try the brisket and the brisket covered cheese fries.  BUT, I'd probably skip the mac and cheese if I return.Percy street masquerades as a BBQ joint but is really something different. I know the Brisket is beautiful, the chicken is kicking, and the pulled b
Pork is popular, but chef Erin Is subtly working her magic on the appetizers and specials; Like the mustard green salad with grilled squash and golden raisins or the BBQ turkey tails. Also there is the occasional Salmon dish in the summer, all wonderful and unexpected in a BBQ joint. I'm here for " meat week" 1.18-30.15 and for $20 I get 4 sides, a sample of the beef brisket, BBQ chicken, and pulled pork. It dose not get much better than that.I'm a big BBQ fan & saw Percy Street on a recent article about 'Best BBQ in the US.' I might have gone in with high expectations but I still enjoyed myself. 
GO WITH THE BRISKET. My boyfriend and I shared ribs as well as Brisket and I must admit the Brisket is where it's at. It's perfectly moist and full of flavor. The toast and onion jam were a perfect pairing for it. I wasn't very impressed with the ribs although I shouldn't have been surprised given that they were spare ribs. I did however enjoy the pickled watermelon garnish. 
Service was great, seating speedy and our sides were pretty on point. Also of note, they have an excellent beer selection.Great service! Great food! 
Ben was an amazing waiter who was very knowledgeable about the menu. They have an extensive beer list. The homemade BBQ sauces were excellent. The original was my favorite with its hint of coffee flavor. Ben also gave us advice on other good places to eat around Philadelphia, since we are from out of town. I most definitely recommend this place!Excellent Texas style BBQ joint. 
 Pulled pork and brisket were both fantastic, and I'm usually a pulled chicken kind of gal.  The brisket comes lean, wet, or both.  GET BOTH.  The lean is so tender and smokey it's tough to spear with the fork, and the wet, while pretty fatty, is so melt in your mouth delicious that you do not care just how much straight fat you're eating (this coming from a pretty health conscious girl).
  Loved that the waiter let me exchange the slaw + side for a pretty awesome mac & cheese (that was very generously portioned) and he also had some great beer recommendations.  
They do a 6 for the price of 5 cans of beer deal, which was great for our part y of 3.  We had the fried green tomatoes as well which were decent, but not knock your socks off good, in my opinion.  DEFINITELY heading back here!
Also, on Football Sundays you can get 10% off for takeout!  Sweet!Ate here on a Sunday night with our on and a college friend.  Fries and biscuits were the best part of the meal.  All of us had pulled pork sandwiches.  The sauces and flavoring were bland.  Our appetizers took forever to come out, so much so that our waiter comped one of them.  Atmosphere is great; food was just ok.After an afternoon taking pictures at Philly Magic Gardens, my husband, son and photographer friend hopped down the street to Percy St. BBQ. Best decision of the weekend! 
We were seated immediately and the servers brought our son some carrot sticks with ranch dressing and a lidded cup of water before I had even sat down! Truly, I already appreciated this attention to detail with a little one. The obligatory crayons and placemat were included and kept my guy busy along with the servers interacting with us as a family, which was cool. We were given a small plate of saltines with the BBQ sauce offerings to get a true taste of what our options would be. It also came with a slightly odd pimento cheese, but it was pretty good. All three sauces were great!  We started with the biscuit basket, slightly skeptical of the green tomato jam. Erin, if you're reading this I would LOVE that recipe if you're willing to share--I'll trade you a delicious tequila strawberry jam recipe in exchange...
Anyway, the biscuits were fantastic and both the jam and the honey butter were divine. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with greens, my husband ordered the brisket sandwich and our friend the pork belly sandwich. All sandwiches were demolished in short order. Little Dude wasn't a fan of the Mac and cheese, which makes me concerned that he's actually my spawn as I tried it and thought it was perfectly cheesy and quite delicious. The other sides were exceptional. Burnt end baked beans?? Come on now...amazing. 
We ended the meal with chocolate pudding and pecan pie. Can't tell you how the chocolate pudding was because my husband wouldn't share, but then again I didn't even think of sharing my delicious pecan pie so I guess we're even. I'm kinda pissed we hadn't been here sooner but at least now I've discovered it and we'll be frequent visitors. Keep the carrot sticks coming!Went here with my son after watching an episode of diners drive ins and dives. This place did not disappoint.  I had the brisket sandwich while my son ordered the 1/2 slab of ribs. The brisket was so darn tender. Melt in your mouth goodness. OMG.  It was paired perfectly with hot potato salad and sweet cole slaw. The sandwich was also topped with raw onion and sweet butter pickles.  Yummy! I was a happy camper. We also got to meet Chef Erin.  She was lovely!  And to top off this wonderful meal we were surprised when a beautiful dessert was delivered to our table. A very smooth mousse topped with a light whipped cream.  We could not have asked for a better meal or experience. This place is my new favorite.This was the most flavorful food I think I've ever had and I'm not even a huge fan of barbecue. We went because my boyfriend is from Texas and never finds the right barbecue flavor when we've tried other places. I have never been in such a great food stupor as I was walking back to the car in washington square. 
The barbecue sauces are home made and on point. The service is killer. The drink list is awesome. At 5-6pm happy hour, one brewery's beers are half price so we got the wild onion pale ale for 2.50!! Then we tried the biscuits. They come with 3 incredibly flavored seasonal spreads with the most amazing cured salmon I've ever imagined. The biscuits themselves are so tasty and not in the least bit dry. We had the pork belly sandwiches for entrees. The pickled spicy carrots really pull this sandwich together. The beans were AMAZING and our favorite part of the whole experience. I hope this place is around forever because we will keep coming back!!! Kudos to the chef!This is good BBQ.  Having lived and travelled throughout the South (North Florida, North & South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi and Texas) I can vouch that this is probably the best I have had.Wow...
I love Ribs
I love Pulled Pork
I love Percy Street BBQ!
Go here you must. Great Food, Great Service.My friend , her daughter & I were walking around , & it was dinner time, so we decided to go to Percy, as pople were sitting outside, looked enticing. Its very roomy , vintage farm house appeal. Our waiter was very personable & we ordered hot dog for her daughter, corn bread, greens, & 1/2 chicken for us. The chicken was pretty good, but the corn bread was Quite dry. 
I would probalby get brisket & ribs next time, but all-in all not too bad!! Their sauces were on the tables for you to try.  
Return factor: More then likely!!Affordable BBQ food.  The Brisket sandwich was excellent. Not the best BBQ I have ever had, but for the amount of food and the price, I will be coming back.  They have a large beer list with many of the newer popular craft beers/micro brews. Service was good.