Walking around the historical areas of philly, my boyfriend and I got a hungry. I googled pizza places near us and there was Pete's! It's a little grungy inside but the pizza was delicious! The owner, Pete, was working and served us. He didn't care for small talk too much but oh well. My boyfriend is obsessed with. Ew York style pizza and wanted to go back the next day - speaks for itself!The pizza was SO good and huge!!  Really great service and would definitely go back again.I was in the area for a business trip and stopped by this place for a slice. I was surprised at how dirty the place was inside.  It looked like they had not dusted in years. Very unappetizing. As for the slice, the crust wasn't so bad, but the flavors were lacking. If you're looking for a cheap place to eat stop by but don't have high expectations.The pizza was on par with what we were expecting.  Having only 3 choices was kind of disappointing.  I didn't see any signs posted, and we only found out after we ordered that he only took cash.  He did let us know that he had an ATM inside, and just like I was expecting the $20 we took out came with a $3 fee from the machine and another $2 from our bank.
Bring cash or eat somewhere else.I freaking love this place. Aside from the fact that it's right around the corner from my job and some of my most patronized watering holes, it's some damn tasty pizza. Pete's one of the nicest dudes and I usually end up just sitting there and chatting with him. It reminds me of the pizza I grew up with and Pete really just rocks.Decent NY pizza in philly. Loved the history all over the walls and friendly conversation. Basic big ass slices and basic flavors... what more do you need? Perfect quickie lunch on a busy day in old city, without the rabble or high prices like everything else all around.Stopped in with a good friend (and a friend of his from home) while in the neighborhood and in need of a bite; Pete's was the first place we came across that proved to have a decent, fairly priced menu and was a respite from the sweltering heat.  Unfortunately Pete had run out of whiz for the fries, so he offered to put mozzarella on them instead.  I wasn't exactly in the mood for a cheesesteak or pizza, but the mozzarella fries hit the spot. The atmosphere itself is pretty low-key; the walls are adorned with old boxing photos, but it seems to be the classic corner pizza joint, granted we were the only customers there (in addition to one who I assumed to be one of Pete's friends).  Definitely works if you're in Old City and looking for a small, laid-back place to grab food.  Important thing to remember, though, it's cash only, so make sure you bring cash.This is one of very few pizza places that have a readily available bottle of hot sauce with your typical pizza garnishes.
Also, I once saw Pete get into a fist fight with a guy over the counter.Came in here late at night for a quick slice.  Pizza was a bit old, but thin-crusted with solid sauce, cheese and pepperoni.  
The guy working the counter wasn't overly friendly, and clearly wanted us out as soon as possible.  
They close their menu late at night, after 10 or so, so be wary of this if you want something more than a slice of pizza.Just needed a slice. It's fairly decent in taste not too little or much of anything. When you walk in the place is a little seedy with one lingering elderly worker. He was friendly enough and he put on gloves to get my slice and put it into the oven. This I was grateful for but slow down, he tried to use the same gloved hand to handle the money. No thanks. Um excuse me can you put on a new glove? Yes albeit reluctantly but ok he did. Whew!!
I paid and got the pretty good tasting slice of pepperoni pizza. Nothing to write home to mother about but it hit the spot. Good in a pinch but for value and taste I recommend Old City Pizza 2nd and Arch. Both slices are $3.51 and worth it but, a Old City's slice is twice the size!Great pizza! Great owner!  Totally worth walking to it instead of delivery!  This is NOT your greasy American pizza. The Fantasia salad is yummy too.I have had a hard time finding decent pizza here. One of the best in Philly as far as pizza, and certainly Old City. Awesome owner from NY. Ask for extra crispy for that perfect crunch in the crust.Worst Pizza ever!!! The place is filthy!!!  I sure hope people Visiting Philly don't think this is our standard.It was late, it was cold, cabs were full... a perfect time to stop for pizza. Was it good? Everything is tasty after last call, but I have faith that it was decent. Two choices at that hour, cheese or "pep". The hard working man behind the counter was greeted by name by many of the patrons, and gave speedy polite service. It's cleanliness was somewhere above what I would expect of a typical hole in the wall place.Rather plain with limited options, but reasonably priced with some cool boxing decor.Perfect New York style pizza. Prices are excellent! Pizza is great. You can eat in, take out, get it by the slice, or order a whole pie!This pizza is great. The place is small and not the St Regis, but the pizza is great. I can eat a whole pizza from there.Went to Philly for a week from California and found the Best pizza in philly, ate there 4 days in a row..Fantastic! Was visiting Philly for a conference and was staying close to Pete's. I read some of the Yelp reviews and decided to try it. Pizza was amazing! $3/slice. Will come back when I visit again.Make sure to stop in during the early hours as prices increase dramatically late night! As everyone has said in earlier reviews pigeons really enjoy Peter's pizza crust. Toss it in the street and watch them fight over the crusty glory. Would definitely stop here whenever I'm close to death from starvation!It is a joint. But the pizza is very good! I would certainly recommend it for a quick bite in the Olde City.U want New York pizza in Philadelphia?   This is it!!
We were here by accident a few years ago and could not believe that we ran into a gold mine.   3 years later we were back in Philadelphia and this time Petes Pizza was a destination place.  Luckily for us we found it and the quality was just as I remembered it to be.  Great! 
If you want great quality New York pizza that is just about the food and not the decor,  this is the place.It's not as fancy as Soho, but the pizza tastes much better and that's all that matters to me. 
Underrated.You literally cannot beat the price here. Great quality NY style pizza from a friendly guy at an amazing price.I have been back to Pete's a few times since my first review. Pete is usually there himself now and I think that makes a huge difference.  The Pizza is great and Pete is great to talk to.  I would recommend to anyone looking doe a great Slice.Pete's is the ish! Huge slices, cool staff. Pete, while being totally fucking unintelligible, tosses a mean pie. I work around the corner and will go here over Soho, Gianfrancos and Margherita (the spot next to the Khyber) any day of the week. In fact, I actually go almost every day of the week. Plus the more you go and they recognize you, the bigger the slice you get.
And a word to the wise. The bathroom is for CUSTOMERS only.I'm originally from northern NJ and we have the gift of delicious NY style pizza there. I moved to Philly and I love it here, but MAN do I hate the pizza here. The sauce tends to be sweet, the cheese lacks bite, the dough is reminiscent of the flavor of a soft pretzel... It's just not good, anywhere. Anywhere except Pete's, that is. 
If you are looking for ambiance, this is not your place. This is a little hole in the wall, but what's it's lacking in aesthetics it makes up for by flavor. This pizza is the real deal, FINALLY! The flavors are fantastic, and I guarantee if you gave me a blind taste test against other pizza places I could choose Pete's out of the line up because the taste is so truly authentic.
If you are looking to just grab a quick slice or get a pie to go, this is your spot.We have found our neighborhood pizza place! They have the most authentic New York pie in the area and the best deal for an 18".When you come in here it looks like you step back in time to the 80s or maybe even the 70s. The restaurant is rundown and the owner just seems te have given up. Ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza and it went in the oven. When i got my slice it oily and fatty. The first couple of bites where okay but when the pizza cooled off a bit, the pizza felt like a piece of fatty cardboard. As if i was given a piece of pizza from 2 days ago.
Would NOT recommend going here, there are so many better pizza places in Philly to choose from.Authentic NY street pie,  but try to get it fresh.  Leftover pieces get warmed up all day until sold.  Great value.The pizza itself gets an average 3 stars, but every time I go in there the guys are cool and friendly so overall the place gets 4 stars.  Like I said, the food is average, but Pete's has prices to match.  The pizza  is a little doughy and undercooked for my liking, but every once in awhile I like to give Pete my business.  The pies are large and toppings are always fresh.  Typically one pie feeds myself and my roommate for two meals.  Pete is a good guy, skip Domino's and give his pizza a try.I'm staying at the hotel Club Quarters, and have ordered from them twice today. 
Positive: Open late, serves breakfast, quick service
Cons: Don't listen to you, not friendly late night service, difference between small & large Oj is 7oz & 8oz.
I asked for extra ketchup & bbq sauce & no I didn't get either. Cheeseburger had no cheese & fell apart midway. 
Place to eat late night, but don't expect the workers to care.Super Tasty Pizza!  Huge slices and very friendly staff.  This is my go to place for late night food after the Old City bars.We were in town searching for a pizza place to eat. It was 11pm Sunday night and we couldn't locate one. We came across Pete's on yelp. It was the only Pizza place open late in Philadelphia. Definitely great great Pizza! Pete was our favorite food spot!The pizza is messy, the customer service is lacking, and they're cash only.  Also, the inside of the restaurant is a bit lackluster.Easily the best pizza in Old City. Lunch time or late night. 
The "by the slice" selection is limited, but who cares.
$3 for a sausage slice, cash only.Oh my sweet baby Jesus. Thank you for putting me in a hotel just steps from this hole in the wall!  I will warn you...  This place is not any cleaner than a food cart. It's a place where many drunks stumble in after a nigh of drinking.  You are not going to get your choice of 10 toppings. But....  The crust is crisp.  The blend of cheese, sauce, and pepperoni is perfect.  AND, I got a slice and a coke for $4.25.  A big slice.  I don't get pizza like this in Colorado.Eh.  As I sit here snacking on my first east coast slice of pizza after being in NoDecentPizzaVille, CA for four and a half years, all I can think is....this is what I was bummed about missing?  I mean, yeah the slice is really super dupe huge and cheap.  But like, where's the flavor?  There's totally not enough cheese, sauce or pepperoni on this bitch.  It totally lacks the oomphness that makes pizza the magical food that it is.  I'm seriously regretting my decision to not indulge in cheesesteak #2.  Eff it, maybe I'll go get one now and be twice the fatty!Found this at 1am after a long work event pizza was delicious. Big slices, lots of cheese, crispy.Good NY style thin pizza. No frills here but good quality pizza for about $2.50 a slice. Great spot to stop by for a quick bite.Love the pizza.  It doesn't wilt toward the plate and drip with grease when you try to take a bite.  Sure, there are usually only cheese slices and the occasional one topped with canned mushrooms late night, but I'm pretty sure I don't remember a sign previous to walking in boasting about never heard combinations that really shouldn't exist.  
The service is swift and no nonsense.  Enough said.I don't know why but I like the crude interior. I'll come to this pizza joint when Margarita's is closed and I'm too lazy to walk up to Soho. Also, I love their tiny size small fountain soda cups. Just the right size! Ditto the pizza slices. HUGE!Pete's the man, real home vibe. Great late night slice joint consistently delicious. Check the photos while you eatGreat NY style pizza and the boxing gloves of two great fighters on the wall. You can't go wrong here. Get a whole pie with a simple topping or two.Petes Pizza, decent pie, better than average cheesesteak.
 Stopped in Pete's this past weekend because it was nearest to my parking spot on Chestnut St in old town and happened to be open. Turns out its a decent lunchtime variety pizza joint as the name implies. Owner was there and provided authentic Philly Style service even though turns out he's from N.Y. Either way ordered a large pie and steak to go and was pleasantly surprised. The pizza dough is hand made and had that consistency that you only get from experience. Nice and chewy was the pie hot out of the oven and thin crust was just right. Highlight was the cheese-steak which had that Philly taste and chopped to perfection. Its tough to get the balance of meat to cheese with onions and peppers right but Pete managed to do that on a moments notice. We we the only ones in the "joint" at the time. Price was what I would call N.Y. style but ya gotta make a buck in this area to stay alive... Oh and watch the parking enforcement in this area. Philly "the city" is out to make a buck too and they ticket regularly which i was unfortunately not aware of until finding the 36$ meter expired ticket on my window.
Around the corner the city was towing away unsuspecting vehicle owners cars.. Would stop in the joint again for a slice or quick lunch, just get it while its hot. As a philly resident going way back, if the hoagie is even close to the steak, Ill be back. Will hopefully remember to feed the meter as well as the belly.
 Thanks Pete!Dude gave me a sweet deal on a free water, stoked! Pizza is thin, sauce is red,need I say more ?!Love their pizza! No frills, just classic delicious pizza. I don't even get toppings when I order from here because plain cheese does the trick. I moved out of the neighborhood and still order from Pete's!After these rave reviews, we made sure to include Pete's on our tour of Philly. What a disappointment. 
Perhaps it was because it was a rainy Monday night. Perhaps the employee was new and didn't understand the need for toppings and cheese on a slice of pizza. Whatever it was, it needs to be fixed. 
There were three options for slices--cheese (a thin bit scattered over the flavorless sauce), mushroom (a lump of canned mushrooms on top of the crummy cheese slice), and pepperoni (six greasy slices atop same generic cheese slice). We were told that we could not order other toppings nor could we order off of the menu. 
Even with that beginning, I trusted my yelpsters and shouldered on with a cheese slice and my parents ordered a pepperoni. Take a saltine, coat it with canned tomato paste, and add a sprinkle of imitation mozzarella cheese. Now, eat twenty of those. (At least the slice was big!) 
I hope just went on an off night. I reallllly hope so.Great find on a Sunday night at 11pm, when I just got into town. Excellent slice of pep. Nice to meet Pete.Not the cleanest place but the pizza is pretty good if you can get past the mass amounts of health code violations.Owned by Pete Yorn, Pete Sampras, Pete Wentz (I miss old Ashlee), Pete Bog, Pete Eredout, and Pete Ingzoo.
For Pete's sake, you should try his pizza. Good slices are hard to come by in Philly (bizarrely, since it's so close to the best pizza in the world in NY, some in NJ, Scranton, Buffalo, and so on. But this one is an exception to the Philly Pizzamediocrity-rule, as it's actually really delicious. I just wish it was more popular.
It's a lovely place, and feels and seems so old, in the absolute oldest part of town (we're talking 1776 yo). A cool experience was when I climbed endless winding old creaky British-style stairs to use an adorable old restroom. 
As I said, the pizza was really good, not amazing but definitely worthy of 5 stars. Especially in a city where I have yet to find a super-stellar slice-of-the-gods. I mean, it's hard to find a top, top slice in NYC and near impossible in DC, but at least they exist. At Pete's, I've found the best Philly has to offer... so far.
The guy running it just seemed to be really happy to have me in there getting a slice, and the slice he gave me was really delicious. I was sad that one guy coming in for one slice was enough to make him happy, and I was sad that it wasn't more busy. He heated up the slice without me even asking and it came out tasting fresh and piping hot. Bravo.Maybe it's better on a busier day. I came in for a slice of cheese on a Sunday afternoon. The pizza was dry and flavorless. The cheese didn't go to the edge of the crust by an inch or more.  
The guy behind the counter wasn't exactly unfriendly, but the service definitely left me underwhelmed.Don't where the New York style comes into play with this pizza. Still good but my opinion basic pizza shop nothing stood out ordered 2 pizza well done ( only one was) and wings which were served on lettuce???? Odd ....for a place that promotes New York style....time to get a train ticket back to NY for a refresher. Avg pizza at best....apparently pete's must've lost his way because i ordered an $18 pizza from uber eats and it was ice cold!!!!!! completely unexceptionable & inedible.
and to add insult to injury... my uber eats driver let me know that my pizza wasn't freshly made! 
do not eat from here!
do not eat from here!
do not eat from here!
do not eat from here!
do not eat from here!
do not eat from here!
do not eat from here!So glad I stopped here. Needed a good slice of NY. No frills just good pizza! PSA: Don't for get to bring cash.Amid a bunch of over priced restaurants in Old City sits Pete's Pizza Joint. Just Pete turning out fresh hand crafted shop pizza pizza around the clock at reasonable prices.  I think it's BYOB.Pete's is amazing. Thin crust pizza.  He is a one man show and sometimes he will serenade you with his guitar.Pete's is like a blast from the past. A no frills pizza joint with no ambiance  to speak of that is only concerned with making good pizza. The slices are big and they understand that big slices need a crispy thin crust. You can easily hold these slices up and eat them. It doesnt take long for me to devour a tasty slice of pepperoni pizza from Pete's. I should come here more often.Well this just pisses me off. I walked all the way over there because they don't deliver and yelp indicated they were open. I get there only to find out they're closed . On a Sunday night . Now that's just damn irritatingEven as a native Philadelphian, I will still be the first to criticize the fact that we wouldn't or shouldn't know good pizza any more than New Yorkers have a say about cheesesteaks.
At any rate though, I do have to say Pete's Pizza Joint does it right. Sure, the slices aren't as monstrous as some other places - but if you're out really late on the weekend (or any day really), I'd highly recommend it for a quick, simple bite.
Thin, crispy crust - usually readily available slices of plain, pepperoni and sausage. Perfect balance between amount of sauce and cheese. There's no going wrong.Respectable crust. Questionable cheese (might have been a little moldy). Cheap, weak sauce.
Quite a disappointment. I only have so many meals on this trip and I wasted half of one on this place.Lived here for 13 years, but just got to Pete's last night.  What a treat!  The owner is such a nice guy, and the pizza easily beat the late night competition.  Thin crispy crust, big slices, and decent pepperoni. Now I'm debating about going for lunch today!Best pizza in old city (if not the whole city) for the right price. Good people behind the counter serving up individual slices. They offer a few basic options for slices (plain, pepperoni, sausage, etc.).
Pete's also delivers on foot, which sadly limits them to only a few blocks, but they're open pretty late and serve up slices rather fast.
Seating is available and the staff is generally friendly.I'll keep the review brief and to the point- just like this shop.   Its just a few tables and some pizza- GREAT pizza.  The owner is very friendly, remembers peoples names, and runs a simple, old school pizza parlor.  If you're looking for gluten free Apricot chicken pizza- go somewhere else.  If you're looking for classic, tasty pizza like you had when you were a kid- stop in here..Great pie and owner super cool . Two slice and a drink under ten who could complain and the pizza is delish. Real crusty chew full of flavor.Went to College in Philly and came back last week. Still a great pie slice, still an authentic vibe from the owner operator to the boxing memorabilia on the wall.
Dont ever change bossI just called Pete's downtown Philly, and politely asked about delivery to a hotel about 6 blocks away.  The asshole on the phone told me to call Uber eats,  then hung up on me.
I will never give this place my business again!Great service m, big slices, good pizza. The pizza is not greasy either ! Comparable to me fav spots i. Nyc !Does one thing with with a lifetime passion.  Legit pizza as it was meant to be.  No frills, no gimmicks.   Makes his own dough, grinds his own cheese.  Cash only.Thank you all for your wonderful reviews over the years. Big Pete is my Dad and decided to retire right before COVID hit and is living a happy life. He is playing his guitar on the streets in the great city of Philly. 
He tells me stories about his days at the pizzeria, he loved all of you that were regulars.  Hope you all will get to see him playing the guitar soon. His true love and passion, besides pizza. 
Thank you for supporting the business. I still miss the fantasia salad, I beg him to make it for me like when I was a little girl!This is a no frills place for a really great piece of pizza in Old City.Pete is the man.  This place is the best hands down for a slice, pie, or a tasty pasta dish.  All of the dough and sauces Pete uses are homemade and his ingredients are the freshest around.  Try his penne dish with tomato sauce and lots of mozzarella cheese, it is simple but you will not be disappointed.  
Another plus about Pete's is that it is open late night if you need a quick bite after the bar or a concert.  I have also tried the salads here which are of generous portions and can have grilled chicken added upon request.  The store is small but the staff is friendly and Pete is a great guy, give his place a try!Moved to Philadelphia over a year ago and we couldn't believe that we couldn't find decent pizza. After trying place after place I happened upon Pete's late one night through Uber Eats. Thin crust, right mix of cheese & sauce... this is as close to New York pizza I've found outside of New York. The best! We are obsessed!I drove 914 miles for a slice of this mushroom and plain pizza. Listen ... 
Way back when, I spent at least one night a week swinging by this little pizza joint by my cheap old City apartment, for yeeeaarrrs. Sometimes this guy would be in there playing his guitar and sometimes he'd be playing cards or whatever, but consistently, every single time I walked in, he got up to small talk while throwing some stuff together, and I got the same crunchy, thin crusted, bomb ass sauce, right amount of cheese, just fucking right hot, plain slice of pizza and another with sliced mushrooms on top. 
In late 2014 I moved to Wisconsin, where there is cheese and beer, and beer cheese soup, and brats for days, and stuff people call pizza but it's just tomato sauce and too much cheese on thick dough. Sometimes they put macaroni and cheese on it. I have traveled much of the state for work, often trying this and that, until in 2017, when I gave up. 
I have no fucking idea what the difference is. I can't pinpoint it. I just don't eat pizza anymore. But I think about this place all the time though. 
I'm on my way to visit family out in Virginia, and rented a car for the occasion. I hadn't been to Philly since I left in 2014. There was a much faster way to get home, but I drove 914 miles to stop by this joint, and get a slice of pizza. 
I honestly cried a little bit at the end of eating it, cause I'm homesick for Philly, and I miss my friends here and whatnot. And like.... It's all the same. He's open til 2am, and you walk in and he stops what's he's doing to ask you what you want, and fucking God damn that is a good slice of fucking pizza. Just simple, crunchy, fairly cheap, slice the size of the whole fucking paper plate but you still need to get two slices tho cause just cause, slice of pizza. And a second slice with mushrooms on top. 
Simple things y'all. Stop by. It's a good slice.Pete owns the plain pizzeria bearing his name. Nights, you can see him talking animatedly with customers in the front while preparing pizzas. He freaking rocks!
Last I was here, I ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza for $3 (cash only). Super thin, super crispy, and appetizing to boot, it was a perfectly appropriate end of a night of drinking and partying.
While I prefer the taste of some other pizzerias, Pete's saves me a walk every so often, especially if I'm a little out of it. It's still a great place, so give Pete's a try!Calling all NYC pizza lovers. This spot is legit! 
Since moving to south jersey/philly I haven't bought a single slice. I was scared that the disappointment would be too much.
I was across the street waiting for my passport, smelt the amazing aroma of a good pie and figured I should give this a shot. Thankfully I did! It was delicious. Perfect ratio and the sauce wasn't sweet!!
Cash only.