My Wife is from this area & said that the food was decent. I went w/ the Steak wit Wiz, Fried Onions & Mushrooms and some Vinegar Fries. Sandwich was decent, Meat not as chopped up like most places will do, which isn't a bad thing, and it had a decent taste/seasoning.  Wiz seemed a little salty, but overall good. Fries were so so. the way they package them made them a little soggy, but not mushy. as for the vinegar part, Philips should look into purchasing a good malted vinegar. What they gave seemed tasted almost like water.Updating because this place deserves no less than 5 stars. We came here a couple years ago and wanted to visit again when we brought my parents for their first philly cheese steak. Instead of going to the over packed Pat's or Geno's, come to Philip's. A local Philadelphian told us about this spot and I'm so glad we listened. Prompt, friendly service and absolutely delicious food. My dad and boyfriend ordered their cheese steak (traditional) and loved it. I went with an order of their cheese fries, which was SO good. It's cash only here so keep that in mind! Parking is also easy to find. We love this spot and it's our go-to when we are visiting Philly and craving a cheese steak!Best cheese steaks in the city which by default also means best cheese steaks in the world.I'm a Philly native who ordered a "cheesesteak with onions and whiz" and maybe because I didn't say "whiz wit" I received a dry cheesesteak with little whiz smeared on the bread and a pinch of finely chopped onions...very disappointed because it was for my dad who was craving a good cheesesteak after a long day at the hospital. Oh well, better luck elsewhereWe visited Philly for the weekend and wanted to have a genuine philly cheese steak. We considered Pat's & Geno's but wanted to try a smaller place, since the locals we spoke to told us to avoid the tourist traps. We decided on Philip's after a recommendation from our Lyft driver. It was a good choice!
We found it easily, found parking easily and there wasn't much of a line at all on a Saturday around 6:00 pm. I ordered the pizza steak hoagie with fried onions and cheese whiz (when in Rome, right?) and my boyfriend ordered the regular steak hoagie with cheese whiz. We also ordered a small fry as well. I really liked that there were two separate windows to order from, one for hoagies specifically and one for sides. The service was very friendly and the food came out quick. 
We loved the fries and our hoagies. Personally, I am not a huge fan of the cheese whiz, but it wasn't bad. I liked my boyfriend's traditional cheese steak better than the pizza one, the sauce was a little too much for me. 
If I am in Philly again in the near future, I would definetly return!I'm so disappointed right now. I am a regular at Philips. I religiously eat Philips. I choose Philips over Pats, Genos, Tony Luke's, and any other corner store or pizzeria that sells cheesesteak. I eat here when I'm sober, and especially when I'm drunk.
So I just ordered a cheesesteak, half wiz half provolone. 
I told her I wanted half of it to have wiz and the other half to have provolone. 
I'm not sure where the communication fell apart, but I only received the cheesesteak with provolone on one side and the other side with no cheese. My girlfriend called back to make them aware of what happened and she told me they would cook us a new one, which I thought was fair. Unfortunately, we were already on 95 north to NE so I figure it would make more sense if I called back to just redeem it a different day. The lady I served picked up and told me she couldn't cook me a new one. I would have to come back and get more wiz if I wanted one. She said it was my fault. She repeated what I wanted... Asking if I wanted cheese on both side or something. To be honest, I'm not sure what she asked me, but regardless of her argument... It was clear that I said half provolone half wiz.
Where's the wiz?
I'm not petty. I'm not anal. I'm not the type to hold grudges. But if the one thing I cannot stand is when I'm being blamed for someone else's
Mistake... Especially when it's the person blaming me.
Great customer service!
Time to start going to Pats.South Philly Cheesesteak is yummy-yummy here, if you can drive to the end of South Philadelphia's Passyunk Avenue. I often forget this place is here because it kind of away from everything else. But if you want convenient pick up a great fast food place, swing by here off of 76 east and exit Passyunk Avenue. Please pick up my favorites here: chicken mushroom cheesesteak, cheese fries and a cherry coke for me too, thanks! ;-PBy far my favorite sandwich/steak shop in Philly.  They're friendly, upbeat, fast, with no attitude about how one is supposed to order.  The bread is always fresh and the burgers are made to order, which I think is the only way to go. I rarely get cheesesteak, but I'm told by my friend that they're equally tasty, and not overly greasy.  The roast pork with broccoli rabe is also top notch.  Convenient to the expressway with a small parking lot, this is a great late night stop!steak had fat, and gave me bubble gutsIf you have the chance to get some sloppy food after a great night out with friends, this is the place to be. Do not believe the hype of a Pat's or Gino's. This is the place to be, might get busy but the servers cook good and quick to keep the lines rolling.
good enough amount of steak, great amount of whiz and if you like to get a steak WIT you will be happy with what they serve. The roll might even be the best part!I'm a Philly native and always go to Dalessandro's, but living in south philly, I wasn't in the mood to drive there. I decided to branch out and try Philip's and was wildly disappointed. I must give them credit for using real cheese whiz, but the roll was chewy and small for the price. Just go to Dalessandro's.The best there is. Philips beats them all. The pizza provolone with is unbelievably great.  I now live in San Diego but a steak at Philips is a must anytime I visit Philly.Awesome cheesesteak, not chopped steak but big full slices. The rolls are perfect, nice and soft with a good chewy crust that won't fall apart on you. That hot sauce is amazing, especially when its cold out and it thickens up. I can't have too much without regretting it later but I can't have a cheesesteak without it. The fries are nothing amazing but with whiz are the perfect compliment to a good spicy cheesesteak. They're open 24 hours a day so that means around 4 or 5 when I leave the bars I've got a good cheesesteak waiting for me period, end of story. Even the one time I got there and they were cleaning the grill their roast pork is damn good to boot. Phillips is a standard, good cheesesteaks no matter the time of night or day.Ordered 2 steak sandwiches.American cheese steak, chopped w/ fried onions. Gut the roll. Sandwich was exactly as ordered. Ordered an Old fashion cheese steak HOT. Chopped and gut the roll. Sandwich received, cheese steak,  tomatoes not fried, no oregano and cheese was not melted.Had to remake the sandwich correctly at home. No hots. Think they should all put down the cell phones in there while working..This is my dads fav cheesesteak place and I used to love in S Philly so I've been here a lot. Today was my first time in months (maybe a year) and it was delicious. My steak had wiz AND American and fried onions and it was just awesome. I love the hot peppers they offer outside. 
Don't forget to stop down at the other window and order some pizza rolls. You can thank me later!Was hoping for a good 24-hour cheesesteak place in the South West.  This ain't it.
- There was no line, but I still had to wait a while for someone to stick their head out the window, even after making eye contact with me.
- Got my order wrong
- Very little meat, and meat was pretty chewy.
- Roll was pretty good
- Fries (regular) were OK, but not worth $3.50.
Might go back if I was drunk enough, but otherwise I'm sticking to Pats for late-night steak.  Maybe the pork is better?  Probably won't find out.I've never had a cheesesteak that hurt my jaw eating it as the steak was chewy, the roll stale, the whiz hardly melted, and the onions undercooked. 
Blind, deaf inmates could of cooked a better steak. Waste of $10 but hey, at least the ketchup dispenser was clean. Maybe that was a sign of avoidance.Stopped on the way to Allentown from the Airport in Philly.  Pretty darn good!  Sure beats the Philly's Best out in the OC.I got my hopes a little high with this cheese wiz without.  Ordered one and woofed it down in the parking lot.  After trying it's competition (ginos, pats and jims), I'm thinking phils needs to step it up a little.  The steak tasted a little bland and i thought there wasn't enough cheese put on.  I'm glad i tried it but i'm movin onto the next hoagie joint.Gave it another chance. The dude who Cooked it touched the raw beef... Then my bread.  #noglovesFor the past few years I've been trying as many Philly steak places I can get to over the summer months.  I live way out in the 'burbs and ride a bike to the city to try steaks.  Philip's has to be in the top 5 that I've had over the past couple of years.  They're kind of out of the way in south Philly, not in center city, but definitely worth the trek.
I usually get Whiz for the cheese, 'witout' onions.  The meat is cut just right for my preference, not chopped too small, about bite sized.  The rolls have a nice texture, firm but not too chewy.  I try to get here at least once or twice a year.  Parking is also very easy - they even have a few of their own spaces!  And not too many tourists.Phillips is by far the better option for a cheesesteak on Passyunk.... Its not near any of the people watching or shopping spots in town, unless you're gonna people watch in BJ's or the Dollar Tree around the corner. But its worth the drive since the steaks are made when you order them. Not just sitting on a grill waiting to be bought. I love that they have great fries that are dropped per order also. Can't figure out why you have to pay for and pickup your fries and drinks from a separate window than where you order your sandwich, but its a minor inconvenience. When my wife and kids want to cross the bridge for a cheesesteak, Phillips is the place they ask for. Great food, and no attention seeking owners with over inflated egos there.I decided to try both Pat's and Philip's to settle this dispute. I got to say... after eating at Philip's at noon with the lunch crowd, this place deserves a higher rating.
Here why I now think Philip's has the best cheesesteak in Philly (aka why I prefer Philip's over Pat's):
+Pricing: You save $1.75 at Philip's. A cheesesteak with onions an cheese whiz goes for $9.50 at Pat's, while it is only $7.75 at Philip's.
+Staff is a lot friendlier at Philip's. Plus, the guy that works the cash register is pretty cute ;p
+Cheese whiz isn't overly salted at Philip's. Although Philip's cheese whiz is runny, it is nicely paired with a thick roll (and a few napkins) to slop up all dat cheese whiz. 
+After I eat a cheesesteak at Philip's, my stomach isn't filled with a deep pit of sorrow where all diet dreams go to die - like at Pat's. Pat's cheesesteaks are a heavier, and I left with a food coma.
For me, I felt like the meat and rolls were comparable, and it really came down to the cheese whiz. Philip's cheesesteaks are a bit runny with a bit a cheese whiz leaking out, but I'm willing to deal with the mess for this AMAZING cheesesteak.Yummmmmmmmmm! I'm mean, seriously, who doesn't like cheese? If you're not allergic or intolerant, and you're not on a diet or worried about your arteries, then THIS is the place for you. Not for the lighter appetites. Go wiz or go home. Mushrooms too.South Philly ignorance at its finest. Thisa place has killer steaks. Full of Flavor. However I saw them lose a customer for life the other day; and they spoke english..I had no clue Philips even existed. I honestly thought my cousin was making it up when she suggested going there compared to our usual spot. Would go again and again.... This is the go to philly cheese steak place.One of the best cheesesteaks I've had in philly. I used to be all about Genos and Pats, but once I had Phillips, I was hooked. 
I like how they have different stuff to put In your cheesesteak. For example, I love a cheesesteak w/fried onion, lettuce, tomato, extra mayo. Genos and Pats won't do that. 
The cheesesteaks are delicious! The service is friendly! And it's open 24 hours!Came in Friday night at like 4:30 AM after a long night of drinking and the cheesesteak hit the spot.. Maybe because I was pretty wasted but it was still really good. The hot sauce is spicy but makes the steak. They're not the best I've ever had but they're still damn good.
They cook every cheesesteak to order which I appreciated. The employees were very friendly and down to earth.
I had the mushroom cheesesteak with fried onions. The cheesesteak itself isn't cut up too fine it's actually real pieces of steak.
Really solid cheesesteak for about 9 bucks. I'll deff be back.
Plus they're nicer than the people at GenosPhilip's Steaks aka Phil's is the #1 cheesesteak spot in all of Philadelphia. Forget those over priced tourist traps this is the spot you want to go to taste authentic Philadelphia and also enjoy the best in the city. 
I recommend steak with double cheese American and provolone with fried onions and mushrooms. That is the way to go. 
Then add a cherry coke, cheese fries and you cannot forget about the pizza rolls. Always grab a couple of those for the drive home. 
Second recommendation they also have the best cheesesteak hoagie in town. Lettuce, tomato, mayo, raw onion and American that is the way to go guys believe me.When doing bar crawls in Philly, nothing quite hits the spot when you're tipsy more than a greasy ass cheesesteak. My mushroom cheesesteak and fries did exactly that.  I don't really remember anything about it that would make want to rush back here over the vast amounts of other cheesesteak places, but I do remember scarfing that thing down and passing out after a long night out on the town.  Ahh ... I always have such good memories when I vist Philly!So like everyone else's list when the visit Philly mine went something like this: 
See the birthplace of our Country: check 
See the Phillies play: check 
Have a real philly cheese steak: check x3 
So everyone said that we had to visit Pats and Genos. I decided to add a dark horse into the debate Philips. 
Boy was I glad that I did. This was our first stop and the best stop!. 
Here is the lowdown: 
I had a plain jane cheese steak with (that's Philly talk for with onions) 
It was 100% AWESOME. The Perfect meat to bun ratio. Quality steak and full of flavor. 
So my answer to the great cheesesteak debate? Philips
The only downside is its seems to be in a rough part of town. However on the flipside of that, there were no long ass lines full of tourists. 
Another quick tip the GPS lies when you are trying to drive from Philips to the other 2 cheese steak joints. Yes, they are on the same street but it was a little journey trying to get there.We visited my sister-n-law, who is a life long resident of Philly. She has heard of Phillips, but has never been there.
 We have visited all the local Cheese Steak tourist traps(you know who they are) in the past and were looking for a change. 
I must say.... Phillips was very,very good, if not great. It was busy with not much of a wait.
 I was very proud of myself for ordering correctly (the Philly way), I had Mushroom cheesesteak wiz with.  We ate at the standing stainless steel table for the experience
You are missing out if you at least do not give this a try...and next time we are in town, I am going back
PS. My Sister-n-law is now looking forward to taking here friends there for the experience...230 AM Sunday morning. My friends and I were out and about to get steaks. Considering the timeframe, knowing we'd missed Steve's Prince, we chose Philips. It was blistering cold outside and a small line that moved as slow as molasses. I got a cheesesteak whiz, cheese fries. Fair price.Got back into the car, ate the steak. Flavorless, and actually real weak from all perspectives of steaks101- the roll was weak, the cheese was slapped on the roll and didn't penetrate the meat whatsoever, and the cheese had no flavor whatsoever... I almost am convinced they just put half and half of my steak. and my fries (which were the uncrispy diner style fries everyone else has) I am loyal to Johns, but still would put almost every major place (Tony Luke, Pats, Genos, Steves, Jims, Johns Roast Pork, etc) streaming miles ahead of this.One of these days I need to get around to making a best cheesesteak list in the mean time let's take a look at what I have to say about Philips. Start off with the fact that they are open 24 hours and it is very easy to find parking, then add a solid menu of offerings at great prices and a friendly staff with just the right amount of attytude and you have the ingredients for a winning recipe. listen to me, I don't have my list ready but when I do, this place will be in the top 3.This establishment is very racist and purely unprofessional! I've even contacted and sent L&I to their business due to horrible and very unsanitary food handling practices.Best place in the city for a steak.  Usually go before or after Phillies games.  Cooked to order meat is always juicy, I love the place, never too crowded but always steady.  Do yourself a favor an try it. They have easy parking too!I'm so disappointed right now. I am a regular at Philips. I religiously eat Philips. I choose Philips over Pats, Genos, Tony Luke's, and any other corner store or pizzeria that sells cheesesteak. I eat here when I'm sober, and especially when I'm drunk.
So I just ordered a cheesesteak, half wiz half provolone. 
I told her I wanted half of it to have wiz and the other half to have provolone. 
I'm not sure where the communication fell apart, but I only received the cheesesteak with provolone on one side and the other side with no cheese. My girlfriend called back to make them aware of what happened and she told me they would cook us a new one, which I thought was fair. Unfortunately, we were already on 95 north to NE so I figure it would make more sense if I called back to just redeem it a different day. The lady I served picked up and told me she couldn't cook me a new one. I would have to come back and get more wiz if I wanted one. She said it was my fault. She repeated what I wanted... Asking if I wanted cheese on both side or something. To be honest, I'm not sure what she asked me, but regardless of her argument... It was clear that I said half provolone half wiz.
Where's the wiz?
I'm not petty. I'm not anal. I'm not the type to hold grudges. But if the one thing I cannot stand is when I'm being blamed for someone else's
Mistake... Especially when it's the person blaming me.
Great customer service!
Time to start going to Pats.Went here after reading reviews on yelp and talking to some of the locals on how Pat's and Geno's have gone a little commercial, we wanted to try a real deal Philadelphia steak.
If I were brutally honest, I wasn't that impressed. I had the mushroom cheese steak with provolone.  The smell was delicious, and the meat was slightly higher than pat/genos, but I was overwhelmingly seasoned.  I think that it was because they expected the cheesewiz to add enough salt, but they should have compensated for the provolone lovers out there.  And on the flip side, their peppers were overly salted...
I know I just sound super fixated on salt, but it really really makes a difference. 
I do have to say the service was cool and friendly, and very patient while I was trying to figure out 6 orders.Not sure about the customer service or prices, but, my dad brought some home for dinner last night. Had a cheesesteak  (whiz) with fried onions. Pretty good, though, I noticed the sandwich seemed a little thin. Like just the width of the roll even. I'm not a big eater to begin with, but, can see  that would bother some people. Star back for their hot sauce. Good amount of heat. Would love to know what brand they use.
Note: the 10 AM-midnight is their delivery hours!I picked this place only because it is closer to where I was in South Philly. We ordered one cheese steak, one Italian hoagie, and one french fry.  Very little meat found in the Cheese steaks sandwich and hoagie. I could get a better hoagie at lower price at any Subways or Wawa store. Any McDonald's franchise store will make a better food than their $4 french fries. This is an overrated store by more than two stars.My first time.  Now I'm a fan!  By far the best I've had.  Far better than Pat's, my personal opinion.I'm so dissatisfied and disappointed. I usually enjoy Phil's and my husband does even more. Tonight I went and got 2 steaks and 1 order of fries. So after $22, the intoxicating aroma was enough to sell me and then I opened the wrapper and saw like 2-3 pieces of meat scattered around a roll, 1 slice of cheese cut into 2 on each sandwich. So after giving up on the cheesesteak, I tried my fries and they were so bland. No salt and just not enjoyable. I won't be back.This was absolutely the worst steak I jus got nothing but all fat on the steak wasn't completely cooked took a bite and got really sick in my stomach. Two other people got a steak as well one tolerated it an ate it the other spit it out and didn't eat it was jus like the steak I got and two order of fries jus thrown in the bag not even in the container and wrapped up like it should be had to sort it out when I took it out the bag. WASTE OF 30.00.Good,fresh and hot. Decent price. Will make it a must every time were working in the area.I would say this is about equivalent to a Pats type quality cheesesteak. The ssandwich is about average. They leave the meat as is (not too much chopping on grill) and do not leave the meat grinded too much. Toppings are subpar. The sub is kinda greasy too like Pats which I am not a fan of. Overall it is not bad. It is average for a cheesesteak in phillyGood quality, fast, and efficient cheesesteaks.  Reasonable prices....just as it should beSo I usually wait several hours or more before I write a review of a place just to make sure my stomach is okay with it (that way if its NOT I can let ya'll know and you can stay away). 
That being said, STAY AWAY. I should have known a hole in the wall place like this would make me sick. 
Upon eating the cheesesteak I felt like it was pretty greasy (which is typical) BUT this place had a weird grease taste? Almost like the taste of them not cleaning the grill for awhile...Its kinda weird but as I was eating the steak, the meat reminded me of a taste of beef I had at a greasy Chinese place... I should have stopped eating it at that moment (I wanted too but was too hungry) PLUS this place is expensive!! And why?!? Its in a gross part of philly and the taste is not up to par.
I will NOT be returning here.I had been wanting to try this place for a while, given its off the beaten path location and nostalgic look.  But Philip's just reinforces my opinion that the cheesesteak is an inferior sandwich.  I paid $9 for a mediocre sandwich that I put down in 3 minutes.  I also ordered the pizza "rolls" for $4.  It was one pizza egg roll that I could've gotten at a hole in the wall Chinese joint for $1.50.  This place has nothing going for it.  If it was open til 4am I would give it an additional drunken star. But it closes at midnight!  Fug dat!One of the best cheese steaks in Philadelphia. A bit of a hike from downtown, not like Pat and Gino's isn't, and I'm no local, but I think it's better than those two. You get the cheese steaks from one window and the fries, drinks, and other stuff from the other. I like the vinegar fries.I was driving up Passyunk after running some errands and saw this place on the corner with a short line.  It looked authentic--two windows, buckets of hot sauce and peppers, stainless steel counter to assume the position, the whole shebang--so I decided to give it a try.
I got a provolone with.  No fancy greens or sharp cheese here.  As another reviewer mentioned, the steak is not chopped like Delassandro's but isn't exactly whole slices either.
It was a solid sandwich, constructed with good (not great) bread, decent quality meat, and prepared fast and fresh.  I'm not ready to switch allegiance from Steve's Prince of Steaks or John's, but an above average steak for sure.horrible location, horrible service, horrible steaks. id rather spend my hard earned money at one of the tourist traps then go back here. be warnedThee Worst Cheesteak I ever had!  I realize this is subjective and my opinion only.  One thing that made it so bad to me is that they don't chop up the meat.  They served me thick slices of meat w/gristle on a steak roll.  It looked like a greasy brown labia.  Too tough and chewy, two bites in and I was done!  Needless to say, I won't be going back.- open 24 hours so i'm happy
- went on the recommendation of cab driver, the uber gods shined on me, that day
- my favorite chicken cheesesteak in townI can take it or leave it. This place has been around for a very long time and has its loyal supporters just like any steak shop. I unfortunately got a steak that had a lot of fat and was stringy. I'm willing to give this place another shot bit for now I can only give them 3 stars.Stick to the menu cheesesteaks great I got a sausage and peppers and onions I don't even think this is sausageIt looks gross from the outside- but seriously don't mind the look. Their steaks are tops in the city. It's an authentic Philly steak with wiz. No poser steak, this is for real. Go here if ur looking for a REAL Philly cheesesteak. It is the same if not better than pats and ginos without the line and unfriendly counter men.The best cheesesteaks in Philly!  The service is top notch. This place is my go to spot anytime I am heading to or back from an event in the Philadelphia area. Their cheese fries are pretty tasty as well. I recommend getting a cheesesteak with both wiz and American cheeses. You won't be disappointed!I've had many cheesesteaks but not one compared to this one.    The meat melted in my mouth!   Way better than the tourist traps a few miles away.   
Fries could have stayed in the fryer a tad longer
Roll.   5 stars
Steak 5 stars
Cheese 5 stars
Fries 4 stars
Don't be swayed by what the place looks like.   It's clean and I'd much rather see a place invest more in their product than in their advertising!
UPDATE 3/12/14
visited Philip's a second time
this time a different guy was working the grill.  The larger guy was working the fries.  Again the fries were slightly under done (for my liking) but the steak was over done and lost its ability to melt in my mouth (took some effort to chew it up)
I guess I'll have 2 go one more time before I cross it off my list.  I drove 30 minutes for this cheesesteak and it wasn't worth it this time.
roll 5 stars
steak 3 stars
cheese 5 stars
fries 3 starsDefinitely one of my favorite cheesesteak spot in Philadelpia. Always hot, fresh and delicious. I live nearby so it's so convenient to come here whenever I have a craving or hungry from a late night out. This is a must try, puts the traditional places to go to shame.Was not got at all. Even after a long night of drinking at 4am still not good. Do not waste your money. Also waited an hour for the food.It's infrequent that I break from the norm. But I'm eager to do so when at Philip's.
When I say the norm, I mean wiz with. It's the standard, used to judge all cheesesteak places. 
That being said, I must encourage you to try something a little different here. 'The Old Fashioned'-- steak with sharp prov, tomatoes, oregano, peppers (hot or sweet) and onions if you choose. A lot of things going on at once, but it's worth it. 
Their regular steak is no slacker either. I have it in my top ten in the city.They got my order wrong which is to say they left mushrooms and onions off a very simple order. The hoagie was dry and bland. Will not be returning.The steak tasted so clean and full of flavor. Usually when I get cheesesteaks with onions they give a lot of onions and the onions have amazing flavor it's rich with goodness. Honestly this place is amazing and underrated it. I love coming here and if you want a good steak. For the tourist checking out the place order a onion steak WIT WHIZ and don't say WITH make sure you say WIT it's a Philadelphia thing.If you like veggies this review could be for you!  It's not on the menu but they can hook up a mean veggie hoagie. Lettuce tomatoes, mushrooms, peppers, and onions. The employees were mad cool about it and very friendly. Didn't see any benches to sit and eat these steaks so seems like more of a take out spot. Come early if ordering late at night, that line can get pretty long!Just ordered an old world with/ long hots h provolone -- best steak I had in years. Thank you Philips!Very good but I think I ordered wrong- "steak wiz".  Next time I'm going with "old fashioned with provolone"...This corner spot on West Passayunk makes a pretty damn good cheesesteak. The steak slices was very intact, just tossed around on the grill instead of being chopped up, before being stuffed into a perfect roll. Price was good, service was friendly for South Philly., and eating the cheesesteak at a standing, outdoor line facing Passayunk made the meal just a little better.
Man, I love this city.Great, vintage Philly cheesesteak! The staff is very nice, and the food is great. Make sure you order your fries and drink at the second window, because the first is only for cheesesteaks. Love it.I wish I could give it NO STARS! I'm from PHILLY, and this is the absolute worse cheesesteak I've had in my 52 years! They don't even season it, let alone chop the meat! And the service is the absolute worst. They talked to my wife so rudely, I wouldn't have blamed her if she just walked out. Then I have to eat this mess! Needs to be out of business real soon!The moment I landed in Philadelphia, my cousin took me straight here to Philip's Steaks for a Philly Cheesesteak! I was informed that all the popular places like Geno's, Pat's, & Tony Luke's was a bit hyped up.
This place is located across a 7-11 and on a scary looking street lol SERIOUSLY. well to me, it seemed scary, I don't know the area & plus it was about 11PM when we got there. OH and how awesome is this place to be opened 24 hours!? This would be a great place to go to after a night of drinking ;]
So I arrived, the place isn't flashy at all. You make your order at the window. The workers were very nice & friendly! :) I wasn't sure on what to order so my cousin ordered me a "whiz with" I wasn't sure what whiz what, then I found out its CHEESE WHIZ! lol YUm
My Philly cheesesteak came with whiz and grilled onions. Like everyone said, the bread/meat/cheese/onion ratio was perfectly proportioned :) 
The verdict: it was DELICIOUS! melts in your mouth & very juicy. YUMMM I finished the entire thing within 10 minutes! To be honest, I dont eat cheesesteaks but I liked it so much that before heading back home to California, at 3am, I stopped by to pick some up to bring back home ;) 
Oh yeah, I believe this place is CASH ONLY!Cheesesteak wise it was not bad at all but but didn't blow my mind.  Their hot sauce was great though (I like it spicy) and the fries had a healthy serving of whiz.It gets the job done and then some! Way better than those commercialized cheesesteak companies tourists go to. This is the one south philly people go to. It has the perfectly melted cheese and the steak tastes juicy. I usually just get cheese whiz and fried onions. There wasn't a line either both times I went. It tastes better freshly made so don't bother saving it for more than a half hour. There's no seating, only standing tables. Plus side. There's a parking lot for Philip's.This is my first stop when I land in Philly! And my last stop before I head to the airport!
Cheesesteak with onions and American cheese! Always good, every time!
The earlier in the day you go the better the bread is, but it's never bad! 
This is one of the lesser known steak spots, but also one of the best!Good alternative to the other major players in the cheesesteak game. This is my go to place when I need a steak. Never crowded and service is good. The chicken steaks are good as well. The cheese fries are a must are better than Tony Luke'sBest cheesesteak place in the city, mainly because they are open 24/7. Just got out of the club/bar at 2am? This is exactly where you wanna be. Try the Italian Sweet Pepper cheesesteak with provolone cheese!Solid option when you don't want to deal with south street or passyunk traffic....plus I just think they're better then the Las Vegasesqueness of Geno vs Pats battle royaleHands down the best cheese steaks EVER!! You won't be disappointed. MUST PAY IN CASH
What are you waiting for, go get yours today!It was okay. Steak was delicious. On a hot day with outside seating, ice in your drink isn't standard. No refills available.The place is not very far from the centre off all the tourist places , but one of the best Phili steak places .. The staff is helpful and a very casual place .. You can even make the sandwich as spicy as you want , the chili is amazing and halepeno  are just to die for .. The place is nothing very fancy but food compensates for everythingOrdered a pizza steak and an American cheese steak. 2nd review! Last time was in Jan.2017.
Sorry to say but nothing has changed. Chewy, grisly,steaks. This guy cooking SUCKS. Could not tell the difference between a plain cheese steak from a Pizza steak. That says it all. Where is the lady that used to cook there? Her steaks were Awesome! Must be under new ownership. Won't be going back there again.