This place is THE TRUTH! After walking in to an unassuming doorway we found Philly Poke serving up fresh, delicious, and creative poke bowls. I want to emphasize FRESH. The fish is delicious and the staff is helpful and friendly. The sushi is top quality; it is clear they are no newcomer to this business. Pay Philly Poke a visit and you won't be disappointed.This was my first experience with Poke. It was amazing and I highly recommend it. I love that I could add all of my favorites to the bowl. The sushi tasted fresh and the seaweed salad didn't taste too salty at all.Philly Poké definitely hits the spot whenever I am craving for a poke bowl! Came here twice this week for lunch and I must say I'm already addicted to this place. They are generous with everything from the rice to the protein all the way to the toppings. They are not stingy like other places. It's $1 for half an avocado i'm not complaining at all because other places charge for $2 for 1/4 of an avocado HAHAHA. The fish here is fresh and so are their toppings. They also have sushi rolls and spam musubis!! Never had it but they look delicious can't wait to come back. The people that work here are super sweet and nice. $10 min for card ! Will definitely be back here more oftenI had Philly Poke this week for the first time and already went back to have it again! Delicious! I got the salad both time with tofu and lots of topping- try combining the spicy mayo and soy ginger dressings. We had it delivered through Caviar and I also picked up in person- both times the food was consistently good and so fresh tasting. Great salad option- and at a great price!I go here at least once a week. I work close by, and most food I live off of is within 800 feet of work. Very fresh fish, all of their ingriedients are fresh as well. Entirely satisfying for a meal. They'll make you a sushi roll fresh if you asked, but I've always been in a rush. The selection of poke toppings is the amount it needs to be, no one has time to look through 500 ingriedients, and a smaller selection insures they know if the ingriedients are fresh. I could grab anything from there blindfolded and come out with a good meal.This place is amazing !!! I loved the poke here in Chinatown it is way better then northern liberties poke bowl. I had all tuna with a spicy sauce which was so delish!!! At least they did not have flies flying around there fish like poke bowl northern liberties. The service was great here and food was safe to eat thank you philly poke for the best poke in philadelphia!!!Haven't been in Chinatown for a little while and glad I walked around. Found this place in a foodcourt they recently opened up in the previous location of the Shanghai Bizarre gift shop.
Nice to see an updated location. It was not very busy on a rainy Wednesday afternoon, and there was plenty of seating in the back.
I ordered a salmon bowl on brown rice with wasabi mayo and a bunch of toppings. Threw on avacados to bring the bill over 10 and charge it. Everything was real fresh so can't go wrong.
The base price was also a lot lower than other spots I've seen, so I threw in extra tip.
There's like 5 other places to choose from while you're here. Worth the trip for a casual bite with plenty of space to chill and take your time.First time at this partials Poke joint, and I like that they allow half and half of two different proteins for set price that is as much as it would be for a single protein serving.  Their service is very fast and helpful, I believe the manager or owner who talked to my bf about their side selling of "D's Nuts" in a container ( I think they also have it for a topping on the Poke), allowed him to record him about the nuts. Haha. He was very sincere and funny. The food was so good and filling! 
Nothing to do with the Poke experience, but I do wish Chinatown Square's music was so loud that I couldn't hear myself talk. It was as loud as music playing at a nightclub... which I know there's a bar service and karaoke upstairs and all, but at that noise level going all the way to the lower level, it's overwhelming and we ended up leaving quick as ever.Poke places have been popping up all over Atlanta but I haven't had a chance to check any of them out. I told the boo that I wanted to try poke during my visit to NJ/Philly and so we discovered this fishy gem of a spot. Ermagerd it was so freakin good! I had one of "suggested" bowls and the honey bunches created his own. Fresh fish, perfect sides, savory sauces...yum!!! If the poke places here in the ATL aren't as good as this joint, I'm gonna be peeved.My favorite poké place in Philly! My husband and I are here at least once a week; I love the salmon (and occasionally spam with it) poké bowls with white rice and all the fixin's! 
They are generous with their toppings and sauces and don't change extra for them, which is how it ought to be. The poké is always fresh and if that's not filling enough for you, grab an onigiri and a spam musibi to go for later. Love this little gem of a place. If you are stopping by Hop Sing for cocktails, go to Philly Poké for dinner after for a perfect evening in Chinatown.I've been coming to get poké since they opened nearly a year ago. The quality is consistently good and the numerous topping options is just wonderful. I usually go with the iniri (fried, seasoned tofu skin) but sometimes iniri and salmon and I'm never disappointed. The quality and freshness of the ingredients is a definite selling point that keeps me coming back. Owner is also a super nice guy with a wonderful passion for food!I've ate here a times, and I like that they allow half and half of two different proteins for set price that is as much as it would be for a single protein serving.  Their service is very fast and helpful, I believe the manager or owner who talked to my bf about their side selling of "D's Nuts" in a container ( I think they also have it for a topping on the Poke), allowed him to record him about the nuts. Haha. He was very sincere and funny. The food was so good and filling! 
The owner/manager is very courteous and talkative, and that is always a plus! Today another guy served my food, and although I asked for less spicy mayo, the guy put more than 4 tbs of it. Very disappointing... I thought it was clear. That's the only thing, maybe if you're trying to skim on an ingredient or sauce, it's best to be more specific I guess. Otherwise it could've been that the horridly loud music drowned out my voice. Either way, this place still serves very good Poke and nuts!I came here with my family and loved the food and the service. Every was very delicious and very fresh. Philly Poké has a great selection of fresh ingredients to build your bowl and/or seaweed nori wrap. The poké rice was cooked very well and great dressings were yummy too. Sushi was also very good. Their sushi chef is very skilled and knows what he's doing. The sushi rice was well seasoned too! We will definitely be going back!Almost exclusively order off of caviar, but this place always tastes great. The tofu is very flavorful and the salmon bowls hit the spot every time. I don't think they've been carrying mango or pineapple lately, which is a bit upsetting, as they were great in the bowls, but the results are still excellent.
Make your own salad, bowl, or sushirito. The rolls are meh, but the poke is great.Very nice staff. The rice could be a little better but the selection is worth while. They have sweet mochi with red bean filling in the refrigerated section by a company called Shirakiku.Philly Poké is located in the newly opened Chinatown Square, a food court style square on 11th street & race street. The dining area is at the back of the square and it seems more shops are coming on the second floor.
I grabbed a Chinatown Bowl (the salmon poke bowl) for a quick lunch this Saturday. The ingredients were fresh and the bowl was quite tasty -- a perfect light/cold lunch for a hot summer day. The service was slightly slow in comparison with other poke bowl places. Overall, a great addition to Philly Chinatown. I'll come back to check out their sushi.I am a huge lover of poke bowls, and Andrew from Philly Poké was gracious enough to invite me over to try some of their creations. 
The samurai roll- salmon outside, cucumber and crab inside. Simple, fresh, and tasty. 
The Chinatown sushi burrito- hearty, fresh, and very flavorful. 
The sushi bowl with tuna, edamame, and mango - so tasty. Awesome rice with great flavor, fresh tuna, and tasty toppings. Well seasoned and good portion for the price. 
The spam musabi- I was wary to try it but I am so glad I did. It is DELICIOUS and surprisingly filling. It's so simple, yet extremely tasty. The smoky flavor of the spam plays very well with the sweeter sushi rice. 
The location of the restaurant is in a newly renovated food hall that's a great spot for grabbing a bite. There are a number of eateries all closeby (think like reading terminal without the tourists) - so you can mix and match your perfect meal!I came here the other day with my friend and we both got bowls.
My friend got white rice and I got brown rice.
For my order, I got the spilt with Salmon and Shrimp and then a bunch of toppings that I forgot about and extra spicy mayo.
Overall, the experience was good and service was fast. The portions were a little too small for the price of $10.75, when I finished... I was still a little hungry. But I will mostly definitely be back here again!I decided to give this vendor a try in the newly opened Chinatown Square. The staff is really accommodating and they answered all of the questions I had. 
For the poke bowl that I chose, for two scoops of protein (you can pick two kinds), it came out to be about $9 for that. I got the salmon and tuna with all of the veggie toppings they had. The salmon and tuna were pretty fresh so no complaints there. 
We also got an octopus pre-packaged snack and some seaweed salmon filled balls to try out. The octopus snack didn't have too much flavor but I was just curious to try it out. The seaweed balls were pretty good but it was more rice than salmon inside. 
Overall, it was good and if I needed a quick snack in Chinatown, I will definitely come back.Really enjoyed my lunch here today at Philly Poke. The food was very fresh and the service was very friendly and the staff answered all my questions about the ingredients. 
        I had the Inari bowl. You can chose what base you want I chose chopped salad but you can have white or brown rice. My Japanese sweet fried tofu was mixed with avocado,cucumber chunks,scallions,edamame,beets and mango chunks. This was topped with fried shallots and chopped peanuts,ginger and Ponzu sauce. Delicious. 
            Next time I will go with the very fresh looking salmon and tuna.I've only purchased some nori wrapped rice there and they were yummy. I assume I was helped by the owner and he is super funny. Will come back when I get the chanceI was really excited to try this after seeing the reviews, but it was incredibly disappointing. I'll start by saying this review is specifically for the poke bowls, via delivery so it does not reflect the service or any of the other menu items. Additionally, I'm from California, so Im accustomed to the poke bowls available there. First off, I placed the order via Postmates, and there were a lot of restrictions to the order. They limit every part of the order - fish, toppings, sauce, etc. They don't even let you ass extra for an additional fee, although they're not shy about charging for the Seaweed Salad or Avocado. I'm not sure if it's different in store, but it was really annoying ordering it online. Then it arrived and was very underwhelming. I ordered it with a salad base and the bowl itself was about 3/4 shredded lettuce and the rest was a combination of other leafy greens, toppings, and salad. And there was only about 7 or 8 pieces of fish... For the price, it's definitely not worth it. The ingredients, however, were fresh, and the sauce (spicy mayo) was up to snuff, so they have that going for them. Regardless, I definitely have been turned off from this place due to the amount of fish they give you in relation to the cost.My daughter loves this place.  After auditions we stop let her out and circle the block she is always ecstatic over the sushi burritoThis place is great and I recommend. The only reason I'm giving it four stars instead of more is just that I've just had too many better Poke experiences. 
The guy who served me was really nice, and the food definitely wasn't bad. 
Take note, there's no seating options so everything is to go...so for the price and lack of other options, I just can't see giving it a 5 star.Fast, fresh, and healthy - I can't wait to go back to Chinatown Square and get me some more of that Philly Poké! 
Standing in front of the boards for the first time to try and cobble together a custom bowl was a bit intimidating to me as a newbie. What will work best together? I don't make own sushi, I pick from a list -- help! Luckily, not featured on their printed menu but written on the plate glass above their counter there were four different bowls with ingredients listed that you could order instead, and the Philly Bowl sounded delicious!
There were two guys working the counter and they were extremely nice. When we were asked about the pinch of Hawaiian salt/no salt for the fish, I deferred to their expertise (yes) and asked for recommendations when we reached the topping stage too. 
The tuna was super super tasty, and I loved it paired with mango and red onions in the Philly Bowl (along with other deliciousness like edemame and masago.) Next time I think I could make my own bowl, but I might just try another of their suggestions because they clearly know what they're doing! Order brown rice instead of white, and go easy on the sauce and you're looking at a far lower calorie count than a typical lunch in Chinatown - and it'll be just as delicious. Just be sure to ask them to go easy on the sauces. 
Also, there's a food court style seating area in the back that got busy around 1PM, but it was blissfully cool during a heatwave and quiet in the 12 o'clock hour. The other shops looked pretty enticing too, which is great because everyone can order what they'd like from where they'd like and still sit together for lunch -- great option for coworkers with varying tastes!My husband and I shared a poke bowl here today. We got half tuna and half salmon and it was delicious. The guy working described the order process as an Asian chipotle. We picked the bowl, the rice, protein and toppings. The poke tasted fresh and delicious. It's in a food court looking place that was surprisingly clean. Would recommend.I think this place is pretty neat. It's your typical poke place to go to. I ordered a bowl when I was here and I gotta say, it was pretty good. I got a ton of toppings with spicy mayo sauce drizzled over. There wasn't a lot of toppings as other poke shops I've been to, but this place is pretty small so it's understandable. Wished they gave more for the price. It was around $10 and I was still hungry after I finished. Overall, really nice service and food!I had salad bowl. A lot of selections of toppings. Very fresh salmon. Highly recommend. Credit card for $10 minimum purchaseCome here before every shift. It is awesome seafood- great service and KILLER POKE!!!!It's a build your own poke bowl. Topping selection is great. You can get 2 different meats, and they have a large amount of sauces. Ingredients taste fresh and for those that can't make up their minds, they have recommendationsThis place is pretty good. There are lots of options for fish, including regular tuna, spicy tuna, and salmon. You can also choose from tofu for the vegans. They ask you to choose from a few different sauces to basically marinate the fish. You can choose from different toppings. Overall, everything tastes fresh and was delicious. My only complaint is that my bowl was $12 (added avocado), I would say it's a little pricey for this type of venue. It's basically in a food court with nowhere to sit directly in front of the restaurant. If they would lower prices just a tad bit, I would consider making this a regular spot.After having visited three poke places around the city, I have to say Philly Poke is more than likely the best one. They have fresh selections and their protein to rice ratio is definitely on par. I don't know about anyone else but I love to have protein and rice on my last spoonful and they don't disapoint here. I would definitely recommend stop by and check them out. Oh and remember, they're inside the store front so you won't be able to see them from the street.I got the Inari bowl with brown rice and all of the toppings. It is so delicious! With fresh veggies/toppings, this is a really healthy option for a quick bite to eat.Love this place, kinda reminds me of subway, but sushi, create your own bowl, or try out their signature bowlsThis place is great! I've always wanted to try Poke so I decided to come here with my sister. Maybe it's because we went like 45 min before closing but the portions were HUGE! My sister got tuna and I got half tuna, half scallops. Both of us really likes the rice as well. She got white rice and I got brown rice. Their rice adds to the flavor without overpowering the fish and toppings. I brown rice was especially yummy! I got seaweed, edamame, masago, cucumbers and avocado as toppings. I got spicy mayo on top. It was all good except the avocados were a little under ripe but it was whatever. The avocado was an extra $1 and for that I would have liked actually ripe avocado. We actually got our bowls packed so that we could eat it the next morning so they were able to keep the fish and sides separated from the rice so that we could refrigerate that and mix it together in the am. The staff was awesome for doing that!I've been here 3-4 times since they opened, and I'm a loyal fan! The salmon tastes so fresh, and I like to lay on the various tasty toppings. Somehow they manage to jam the lid on every time. The staff are always really nice, and they'll answer your questions about what all the seasonings and toppings are. After I've gobbled up my bowl, I don't feel gross or full of regret (which is what happens after a cheesesteak, as much as I enjoy cheesesteaks). Do your body and your taste buds a favor and try a poke bowl here!!!So good will definitely order from here again food was fresh and full of flavor and I love any place that has macaroonsI came here to try out a Poke Bowl that was around the area, the location is right inside where the Shanghai Bizarre used to be, it is all food courts and a bar in there now. 
The service was super friendly, the quality of the fish is superb! I made a custom poke bowl with 2 types of protein, some white rice and all kinds of generous toppings. Great value for what you get in your bowl, from all different types of fish or proteins, rice and all kinds of vegetables.  I would highly recommend this place, definitely worth a shot!Visited Philly for the weekend a few weeks ago and stumbled upon Philly Poké in Chinatown during a busy Saturday. This was my first time trying a poke bowl and it was very good! The staff on duty was very helpful and friendly considering I've never had one before. Avocado is also free of charge with my bowl so that was a plus!Went here for the first time today. I was getting lunch for someone else. It looked so good I ended up switching lunches with them. THIS WAS ONE OF THE FRESHEST, MOST DELICIOUS poke I have had. It's like a poke version of chipotle/subway. The man behind the counter was super helpful and nice. He made the bowl gorgeous and even stepped around the counter to get me chopsticks, instead of the usual "they're over there." I used to be in the service industry, so I definitely take note when someone goes the extra mile.
I got a brown rice poke bowl, half salmon and tuna. It was so fresh and it didn't leave me feeling icky for the rest of my work day, but I was very full after eating it. Crazy reasonably priced. It's a little difficult to find, it is in a food court. I will definitely be coming back!!Not my favorite tasting Poke. The fish didn't taste as fresh as Oishi down the road. There was also a strange texture with the rice. Could've just been that day.Wonderful. Fresh, fast, and a lot of ways to customize your bowl.
They are located in a inside food alley with more seating upstairs.They have really good sushi and poke bowls here, it taste fresh and well made. The staff and owners are friendly and attentive! One of my favorite places in Chinatown square!I've ate here a times, and I like that they allow half and half of two different proteins for set price that is as much as it would be for a single protein serving.  Their service is very fast and helpful, I believe the manager or owner who talked to my bf about their side selling of "D's Nuts" in a container ( I think they also have it for a topping on the Poke), allowed him to record him about the nuts. Haha. He was very sincere and funny. The food was so good and filling! 
The owner/manager is very courteous and talkative, and that is always a plus! Today another guy served my food, and although I asked for less spicy mayo, the guy put more than 4 tbs of it. Very disappointing... I thought it was clear. That's the only thing, maybe if you're trying to skim on an ingredient or sauce, it's best to be more specific I guess. Otherwise it could've been that the horridly loud music drowned out my voice. Either way, this place still serves very good Poke and nuts!This poke bowl was delicious, and $10 for it was more than reasonable. I tried the Philly bowl and added spicy mayo, which had a great kick. There was a tad too much rice (relative to the other ingredients) and it seemed to stick together a bit in large clumps, but this wasn't a huge issue.Came in and grabbed a pre packed California roll for $5.35 with tax. One of the best I've ever had, hands down! Tasted freshly made, packed expertly. Will come back for sure.We ordered this to the home for the family. The poke was fresh in the rice was warm. There was very interesting flavors and we enjoyed the food and we will order again.. 
The fried chicken was tasty and the portions were generousGood stop for poke if you are looking for something fast. I thought this place gave an average amount of fish and had the typical toppings available to choose from. You can select a premade bowl or opt for a make-your-own. There's also a large size for those who are extra hungry. The ingredients seemed pretty fresh to me, but still doesn't compare to places on the West Coast for those who are poke experts. This place does have an assortment of beverages to choose from, which was nice. Overall, it will do to satisfy one's poke cravings. This place seems to be for carry out.This is a great poke bowl place located inside a little food mall in Chinatown. The employees were very friendly and attentive. The food was fresh and the portion sizes were a bit better than other poke bowl places I've tried. 
I made my own with half salmon and half tuna as the protein. I was a bit overwhelmed with all the choices of toppings, but ended up getting brown rice, cucumber, seaweed salad, edamame, masago, and avocado. Avocado is a dollar extra which is totally reasonable. There's also a bunch of different sauces to try and I got soy sauce and a little spicy mayo on top. For 11 dollars, this was a great meal and I felt very satisfied afterwards! 
I will definitely be back here next time I'm in the mood for some raw fish and delicious flavors.Tasty and fresh! Those were the two words that popped to my head when I tried my first bite. This is my first poké bowls in Philadelphia and it did not miss it marks. I was a newb while ordering but the staff or owner was so helpful and kind. He helped me create my own bowl and it made my experience alot easier. My meal was about $12+ and well worth it.
I choose salmon with brown rice, tons of seaweed, rice seasoning, and onions with spicy mayo. All combined to a flavorful and most importantly healthy meal. Kapow! A double whammy and y'all know I had to keep it real and get some Cow Piss. AKA Calpico or Calpis as my drink of choice. 
Overall, I plan to go again and try most of the spots since I'm nearly new to Chinatown Sq but not new to delicious food.If I hadn't tried poke bowl first, I probably would have been more impressed with this place. The poke here isn't bad per se - it's just nothing special. Pretty skimpy on the fish portions (compared to poke bowl at a similar price point) and too much rice. The flavors are good and service is decent. Couldn't make a judgment on the freshness of the fish since there was so little of it. They need to make ordering easier with preset combos (person I went with never had poke before and it's not easy to make so many choices).This place is located in the new Asian food center replacing the once cluttered Asian furniture/souvenir shop. Ours realty well repurposed.
I've visited a number of times during my lunch break. They serve a solid poke bowl, it's a toss up between here and Oishii but I like the server here better.  While Oishii they are a bit aloof and unenthusiastic, I also enjoy the closed off atmosphere.  The prices are reasonable, they have an assortment of hard to find drinks and musubi.
Overall, it's a solid poke spot, would recommend and come again. I've been searching for one similar to those in California but that has still been an elusive endeavor.Fresh ingredient - that's all what matters when it comes to Poke bowl. The only reason I took one star off is the portion, I expect a little more fish if I pay $10 for a small bowl, not just more rice or veg.Love love philly poke. The staffs are really friendly and you get great poke bowl for a fair price. I like to get salmon bowl with edamame, nori, cucumbers, carrots, red onions, mangos, fish eggs, avocado (extra charge), fried garlic, and pickled ginger. It's a pretty good portion. I'm stuffed after finishing my bowl. For less than $10 can't go wrong. Simple and tasty!Love me some salmon. Great service and food. Even threw in some free side dishes. Definitely recommend.This is the first poke I've actually enjoyed outside of Hawaii! I've been to a number of other poke restaurants both in Philly and NYC, and I have to say that Philly Poke is the best in the area. They have a great fish to rice ratio, and they mix the fish and toppings together so that the flavors of the fish, added veggies, and sauce blend together nicely. Also, most of toppings don't cost extra so you can add as many as you like. 
Overall, I would definitely come back here again. The food was delicious and filling, and the staff was super nice. They have onigiri and other Japanese snacks that I'd love to try in the future.This is a must have Poke experience!GREAT food,GREAT customer service and awesome price!I'm a Philly Poke Junky for Life!You can tell the owner takes pride is his product. Always courteous and thankful for your business. The ingredients are fresh. I love the dragon balls. The combination of cooked salmon pieces, rice, edamame and nori is on point. Shrimp shumai is great too. If you're in the mood for poke or sushi - this is your place.I know what you're thinking: "ANOTHER poke bowl place in Philly?" That's what I thought, until I tried Philly Poké. Ordering a bowl is much easier than the NoLibs version, and the seafood is way more fresh than the current poké spots in Chinatown. On the go? There's pre-made (made fresh daily) sushi rolls in the refrigerator, along with refreshments (Kona coffee!). What I like about Philly Poké's iteration of the popular Hawaiian dish is that they mix your ingredients before laying it on top of your bowl of white rice, red rice, or lettuce. FYI, they have furikake and togarashi for toppings!SO SO DELICIOUS!!!! amazing customer service and fast!! we were looking for a good sushi place and just came across this place. The gentleman at the counter was so nice and even invited us to come back tomorrow!I love to eat poke and this is my first order in Philly Poke. I ordered onigiri with spam, 6pc of shrimp shumai and I made my own poke. I was ordered a lot bc I thought only poke isn't enough for me, but I'm surprised bc they gave a big portion and also they give lots of protein (I choose salmon for the protein btw). I think Philly Poke will be my go-to place to order poke!! Love it!I got the Philly bowl. The tuna and toppings were pretty good, but the rice was so dry. It had the consistency of rice I left in the fridge for a few days. I tried to salvage it by picking out the toppings to microwave the rice to give it a bit more moisture, but it basically ruined the whole bowl.The spam of the spam musubi was overcooked and there was a ton of rice per spam musubi. The ratio is a bit uneven, wishing there was a thicker piece of spam for the amount of rice.
Ordered the unagi bowl because I love eel, but the number of eel pieces was underwhelming. The standard sauce that was used tasted good though!I've come here quite a few times and am NEVER disappointed. The staff is super friendly and upbeat and work quickly. The ingredients are always fresh and portion sizes are a great value for the price range. I'll continue being a repeating customer.Surprised I haven't made a review for this place sooner. If you ask any of my friends, they'll tell you that if I could eat 1 thing for the rest of my life, it's poke, from philly poke only. I wasn't a fan of poke when I first had it at a different location, but after giving it a second shot at Philly poke, it became my favorite food. They have a lot of options for protein, toppings, and sauces and everything is perfectly proportionate in my opinion. I'm a big fan of spicy mayo and they are always happy to fulfill my request when I ask for more. Their service is also amazing, I love talking to the staff who always seem happy to serve me. The owner is always in a good mood, and always checking in on me whenever I come. I love having short conversations with him about my school and work life, and he loves to know that I continue to make the hike from my hometown in south jersey to philadelphia just for their poke. I haven't tried any of their other foods because I am always in the mood for poke, but they do have other options to choose from! And they have an entire fridge section of fun asian drinks if you so choose. I come here all the time whether it's reuniting with my city friends, an after-class meal, or whenever I'm craving philly poke. During pre-covid times there would be plenty of seating indoors in chinatown square, but they recently added outdoor seating! I'm super loyal to philly poke and I won't get my poke anywhere else, it's my favorite place to go!WOW. I have been to at least 30 poke places all over the US and Philly Poke is now one of my favorites. Fresh and tender fish, great toppings, quick service. I'd eat here weekly if I lived in Philly!Loved my Poké bowl from Philly Poké this past weekend!
I got a delicious & fresh mix of brown rice, tuna, cucumbers, scallions, edamame, seaweed salad, fried shallots, and the sesame miso sauce. Everything was so good! 
We also got some Spam Musubi -- I only really wanted 1 but when we asked, we ended up with the pre-packaged tray that had 2 regular and 1 with egg. Not complaining - it was delicious.I came to terms that poke in the US is not comparable to what you're going to find in Hawaii. Given this adjustment, I went into philly poke with an open mind. The price is comparable to what you will find in city - basically unjustifiable unless you're really craving raw fish with rice. 
I found the freshness or quality of the fish unremarkable. It's not very fresh but good enough. I wish they took out the sinew (the white fibrous lining) in the fish. The best way to distinguish a good poke establish from the not so good is by the color and quality of the fish. Good poke should melt in your mouth and doesn't need much dressing to enhance the taste. 
With all the poke establishments in the area, I don't know how to pick on over the other especially since the quality is relatively the same. I'll probably go to the one with the friendly/more attentive service.This place is one of my favorite spots to eat in chinatown. It always fulfills my cravings because everything is fresh. The service is also beyond outstanding.This place was a miss for me. The rice felt stale to me and the ponzu sauce was extremely salty. This was not worth the $11+ I paid for it and most of it went into the trash. The cashier was really nice though.I ordered a sushi/roll/sashimi boat here for my party and the boat was absolutely amazing (see my photo)!
I stopped by 3 days before my party to place the order, the manager carefully explained the types of boat they can make. My partner picked it up on the day of the party and it came with all essential side dishes (ginger, wasabi, soy sauce, and edamame). The whole experience was smooth.
My guests loved the wide variety of sushi/roll/sashimi on this boat and they enjoyed the edamame soy beans very much!I will not be ordering takeout from this place again. I ordered the "create your own bowl" and they did not add the sauce I selected or the avocado (which I was charged extra for). Other people on my order  were also missing avocado and/or the sauce. I'm not sure if it was just because there was no sauce, but the bowl did not taste good. When I order a poké bowl, I'm expecting fresh salmon/tuna. This did not taste fresh.Open for takeout inside Chinatown Square. Plenty of outdoor seating.
Delicious poke. Fish and veggies were fresh. Love the huge number of toppings available! I recommend the salmon poke with ponzu and half greens and rice.Had a tuna and inari poke. Nice clean fresh ingredients put together by someone who actually cares about the customer.  There are many choices when you assemble your poke here, too many choices that sometimes get confusing.  The person behind the bar was able to guide me based on my description of flavored I wanted to achieve: clean, spicy, healthy etc.  I ended with well cooked brown rice (not mushy!!), tuna, inari (my choice), edamame, scallions, little bit of fried onions (a must), jalapeños, a little Hawaiian salt, some spicy thing from the shaker (chili I think but may have been fine ground) and ponzu for my sauce.  Delicious, filling and healthy. 
I will be back for sure!!For me, this place is perfect for a quick, affordable lunch break. I didn't have the chance to try their poké bowls, but all their prepared foods are fresh. They have the best 5.50+tx deal for the salmon and avocado roll on a daily basis. It's cheap compared to other places. They provide excellent customer service even if you're only buying their prepared foods.Got the pokebowl and matcha pudding. I like the effort they put in by adding a personalized thank you message with your name on the delivery bag. The prepackaged pudding is not my cup of tea, but I like how they include it on their menu. The pokebowl would have been perfect only if they haven't put too much onions. It overwhelmed the whole pokebowl. I still love this place.Worst poke bowl I've ever had. The rice was stale and dry, as mentioned in other reviews. Nothing special about the flavor.
The onigiri was delicious, so it earned a star.Philly, you are doing poke so very wrong. If my protein from the start is an added $1.50+, what am I paying for? Poke is literally raw fish, I'm not interested in a $9 bowel of rice with a surcharged fish topping. After a long day of traveling the city, I ordered delivery. My mistake, without being in store I couldn't menacingly glare as my bowel was put together with a pound of rice, three edamame, and no sauce. Maybe my sauce was forgotten or maybe the thick coating of fried onions soaked it all up? Again, the fish is suppose to be the star! Sure, fried onion seasoning is nice for added crunch, but not blanketing my mountain of naked rice. I ordered 2 scoops of fish, an extra spend to even get to any essence of poke. While edible, this was a terribly dry and bland poke bowel. I can see if this is the only option in all of Philadelphia, but if you've actually had poke somewhere else before, don't waste your time.I loved my first poke bowl from Philly Poké! I opted to create my own and went with white rice, tuna, cucumber, jalapeño, seaweed salad, masago, fried shallots and a little bit of spicy sauce. I asked for wasabi and soy sauce on the side. 
My regular-sized bowl was a nice amount of food, though I would have liked a little more protein. I can't imagine needing any more rice but maybe the larger bowl comes with more protein as well? In any case, the ingredients tasted fresh and delicious. I'm a great poke bowl creator, if I do say so myself. 
Philly Poké is located inside Chinatown Square on Race Street. There is cafeteria-style seating in the back of the market. I will definitely be back again for more of that poke!The food was fresh and the service was quick and polite. I ordered the build your own poke with rice, salmon, and assortment of veggies and the wasabi ginger sauce. It was bland and way too much rice to toppings/sauce ratio.