Came to Philly for a concert and stayed at a hotel literally across the street from this place stopped in for some cheese steaks to try it out. Nice clean business, friendly cooks. In and out within 10 minutes with pretty decent cheese steaks plenty of options for toppings and cheese made right in front of you .... took back to hotel and devoured . My wife and I would definitely eat here again!Not a place for a large group. I went here with my daughter's class and it was completely chaotic. My daughter and her friend waited for more than 30 minutes to receive their food and it still was not the correct order. Decent food but TERRIBLE service. Also, pretty expensive. Not worth the cost. Anyway, with a small group, I am not sure, but with a large group, I wouldn't go back.I wasn't too sure about buying a cheesesteak here but, oh my! Cheesesteak was cook to perfection and the condiments complimented the steak. Price was very reasonable compare to other famous places. The only place I know that serve beer with a cheesesteak.This place was quiet and out the way. But super convenient to our hotel. Penn's View Hotel. The food was inexpensive,  cheeseburgers were on point. Liked that I can drink my beers outside.We stopped in here for a quick late dinner during a recent visit to Philadelphia. The first thing that struck me is how clean the place is! My boyfriend and I ordered cheesesteaks and were very pleased. The meat was evenly cooked, nice and juicy. And I really appreciated the option to get grilled onions with or without peppers. They offer a lot of cheese and additions options. The service was very friendly and fast and the food was a great bargain for the quality. I'd definitely go back and try more of their menu!Called in an order and was able to pick it up in a few minutes.  The place is brand new and clean, and big -- the sign says they can seat 300 (I didn't go upstairs or downstairs to check it out) and the online menu says they seat 400 with 11 bathrooms and a gift shop!  My cheesesteak with sliced beef, provolone, grilled onions and hot peppers was tasty.  Very good but not not quite "gourmet".  It wasn't too dry and wasn't too wet. Where I was disappointed -- the fries were hot but underdone and therefore kind of greasy, and I, like most people, prefer them crispy and golden brown.  They were a little thicker and probably could have been amazing if they were cooked in peanut oil like you find at Five Guys or Boardwalk Fries (just a suggestion!).  While this place sounds like a cheesesteak and burger and hot dog place, the inner part looks like a Chinese restaurant with a big hot food buffet and a salad bar too!  I want them to be successful since they're new to this part of Old City, so I'll be back and hopefully the next time the fries will be better.  Reasonably priced and for now they have a 20% discount if you mention Yelp.  The phone number went to a voice mail, and seems to be forwarded to the owner's cell phone or something. A nice Asian woman quickly called me back (caller id showed a 609 number) but she was a little tough to understand.  She handed the phone to a guy who was quick with taking my order and answering my question or two.  So just a couple of minor items to fix and get to five stars!  Worth a try.People there were nice enough but cheesesteak was possibly the worst I have ever had. With a Chinese buffet in the place you know your not at an authentic steak place.  I get it serves a purpose (your groups are brought here) not not a place you seek out.for tour members only
Possibly one of those restaurants that in collaboration with the tour agencies
we are in an east coast tour and our guide brought us here. better than those $15 buffet. but there are two things that bother me a bit 1. the food is charged by lb and they dont deduct the weight of the boxes 2. its actually quite expensive. This is what I got for $8.35.  should have gone to a real restaurant
Not sure how it is like usually. This commemt is only to warn the tour members, Please do not have an expectation too highThis is so nice place!!
I had cheese burger combo option was beers.
I paid $10 only with tap beer and so delicious!!
My home is very close from my home, so I will come here more than tow times a week
I love this place!!For the area, you can't beat it! It's affordable, quick, convenient and the cheesesteaks are surprisingly delicious! There's a great salad bar, so if you're in a mood for something different you have plenty of options. I come here regularly for lunch. The service is impeccable. You simply can't go wrong with Philly's Gourmet Steaks!I had delassandros, joes roast pork, Jim's, and so on. But this place beats them all in cheese steaks. In my opinion. I may be exaggerating. But I'm speaking from my own experience. It made me appreciate cheese steak for the first time.Food is good, ordered through Uber eats though and we didn't receive two of our items. We called the restaurant and the lady was extremely rude, didn't know what we were talking about and then when we called her out on it she acted like she didn't know what happened. There are so many cheesesteak places around here that we will not be ordering from here again.Excellent place especially for Cheese Steak Sandwich, but really huge selection of almost everything   And souvenirs in the second floor. Food is great and Mimmi is a great personThis place was able to accommodate our very large group of approximately 60 people for two years in a row now on our senior trip. We've made it a part of our repertoire to stop by because of the kind people, the quick and friendly support/service and large space. With several options, from a buffet to sandwiches, there is something you can find for all diners. 
The students also raved about the food, so it is very kid friendly!If there was a negative star I would have given to this crap hole of a place.  Nasty Asian lady probably the owner which makes it worst that people like this even have stay in business treating customers like crap.  Had my 2 year old with me that really needed to use the bathroom and this shit of a lady refused to let us use bathroom even though this heartless women sees my little girl with her hands holding herself wanting to pee badly.  I told her I did not have money on me but I understand the policy to purchase something in order to use bathroom and I assured her I will purchase a soda or anything right away just let me use the damn bathroom but this women says to me if I had time to talk I can go get money first!!!! I mean where is humanity, and being a women I sure hope you dint bare any children.  Ridiculous and she had the nerve to come out of the store to yell at me for being rude to her after I purchased a bottle of water from her.  I have been around the world and people with store policies like yours even have a heart and let's a child use bathroom before making a damn purchase.  This Asian women was a disgrace.  I hope someday this bad karma comes  back to get you.This restaurant was easily able to accommodate the 150 people we had for our class trip. The main floor of the restaurant was a bit cramped, with about 20 people trying to put food on their plates, and the buffet wasn't as diverse/varied as I thought it would be. However the customer service was great, the second floor was for seating but the gift shop was there too. Would possibly return again.Every time I'm down on Market Street, I love stopping in at Philly's Gourmet Steaks. They make the best turkey burger I've found in the city, French fries are always fresh and crisp, and they have a wonderful selection of drinks. I LOVE their chicken Cheese Steak, too.
Plus, they have a great selection of fruits from their buffet when I'm in the mood for something lighter (though I confess to taking some jello most times!).
Plus, there is a LOT of clean and peaceful seating both upstairs and downstairs.
With high-quality food freshly made, friendly service, and lots of room to stretch out and enjoy my lunch, I think it's the best joint in the neighborhood.I really enjoyed this cheesesteak and fry combo. Even though I can get one at Penn Station back in Day-Cin for like $5 it is still great. Any philly tourist should come here and enjoy this restaurantGood cheesesteak, lots of seating available. They also have a Chinese buffet on site too. We stuck with the cheesesteak and French fries and were not disappointed! When finished, go next door and get ice cream!The food is super fresh. There is outside seating. We order fish wrap and grilled chicken wrap was very delicious. Prices are affordable.This has always been my favorite restaurant with a self-serve buffet. The food is fresh and made daily. They have the best baked chicken in the area and are conveniently located next to the Franklin Fountain! Lots of indoor seating and a huge menu.Worst customer service I ever had. Definitely won't recommend because the owner starts yelling at the customers to pay in cash at the end of the line and get frustrated  of doing that because there was no sign indicates so. Also, foods are super overpriced and is charged by pounds. First refill is free and costs money every time after.This is the best cheese burger i ever have at old city
And they also have beer. good prize and friendly staff.If your Looking for the best casual place to eat in the historic area I think this is it. A wide selection of sandwiches with a hot and cold buffet of well prepared selection for all tastes.
And the make a  great philly steak sandwich!!!
If your in the area it's a must go to place.I stop here often to get either food from the buffet or a sandwich. The buffet is very tasty and fresh, with a lot of variety. They keep always an eye on it and refill with fresh food.
Sandwiches are also very good, especially the Philly's Cheese Steak which is one of the best I tried. 
The lady at the entrance (Mimi, I think) is always very kind and helpful.
Very importantly, the place is always very clean, so are the restrooms. They have also a little Souvenirs section on the second floor, ideal for groups/buses of tourists. 
It is also one of the very few places in the area where they make a real Italian Espresso coffee!
Really recommended!city staple for me, the wide variety means I can always find what I'm craving, and it's always solid. Great portions for price too.The restaurant provided poor customer service. 
I ordered food for delivery through the Eat24 app (I chose the delivery option and was charged a delivery fee). Approximately 35 minutes after I ordered, a store representative called and informed me that someone else picked up my order. I asked if the order would be remade and delivered - I did not receive a coherent response. The store rep simply reiterated that the order was already picked up (even though I clearly placed an order for delivery) - my impression was that the store wanted me to accept the fact that I didn't receive my order but would still be charged. The store rep transferred me to the store owner, who echoed that the order was already picked up. 
I reminded the owner and rep that I placed an order for delivery, and the store could either refund my money or make another order and deliver it - the fact that my order was mistakenly picked up by someone else was not my problem. Neither the store rep nor the owner would commit to either alternative. Once again, I asked whether the store would refund my money or remake and deliver my order - the store rep hung up the phone. 
In order to receive a refund/cancel the order, I worked through the Eat24 customer care team. The customer service I received during my brief interaction with the restaurant staff was dismal.We ordered the cheesesteak and it was just okay. The steak was bland. 
We had party of 3, my husband and my sister went in and ordered the big sandwich and they used the bathroom while I waited outside. Then I went in and need to use restroom, the short hair lady I guess she's the owner, said the bathroom is for customers only. I explained to her that my husband just ordered. 
When I came out, she asked again if I was with a 'big' group AND I can't use their restroom if we only ordered a sandwich. 
Are you freaking kidding me? So the use of restroom is per order??? I personally think it's not how you do business and treat customers.Found this on Yelp since we were nearby at Penn's Landing. Open and comfortable, got the regular cheesesteak and it was solid. My dad got some stuff off the buffet (we're Chinese) and he said it was pretty good, which is saying something. Onion rings were over-fried and I would not get again.Whether you are visiting philly or you are from the area I highly recommend you try this place out. The place is very clean and neat with a modern feel and once you go inside they have downstairs and upstairs for you to eat in. As a philly resident I have been eating cheesesteak for the longest time and this one definitely takes the prize. They dont use he modified meat(im not saying the modified ones taste bad) like the majority of other cheesesteak places so as you eat you can taste and feel the difference in texture. Even their bread was fresh! My friend had the angus burger and when I had a bite it was so juicy and had so mich flavor!(writing this review is making me want to go there again) Staffs are nice and although I havent tried their buffet, they looked fresh and had a lot of variety. I also like how they have the see through covers for the food.
I read the other commenter saying they have a chinese buffet and because of that this place cant possibly have ab authentic cheese steak, this actually upsets me as a person who has been to this place, and know for a fact that this is actually as authentic as it gets. I mean, how many places do you know that use real meat for the cheesesteak?
Folks, try it. It will definitely be worth it!For tourists reading this: sure, why not. You're not going to find anything cheaper in the neighborhood and at least it's got a combo of Philly/borderline historical feel while also being very clean and inviting.
For everyone else: no way. SOOO expensive. Food quality is pretty good but just go to an actual restaurant for those prices. .Food = mediocre 
Paintings = crooked 
People = friendlyish
Us = only half satisfied 
The food for the "to go" station was okay. We were provided with a drink of our choice which was nice. The seating was plentiful and good background music. Some of then food was a bit cold but overall was mediocre.I walked by Philly Gourmet Steaks today and said to myself, why not.  I ordered the cheese burger with Pepper Jack cheese, lettuce, tomato, and onions.  It was good.  However, I felt for the price it was a bit small.  Also purchased the fries as well, which I felt was a small portion as well.  Both were delicious which I why I offered 4 stars.  They are also open at 7am for breakfast and have a large selection of wine and beer which was surprising.  I will visit here again for breakfast to try it out!Horrible customer service by the female Asian manager, THE ABSOLUTE WORST! So glad I experienced her bad service before ordering!Very glad we stopped here while walking around the historical sites in Philadelphia. Service was friendly and very efficient. We tried their cheesesteaks. It was delicious! Will definitely return next time we are in the area!Back in Philly for the first time in 7 years, and this was the first steak shop that I passed. I'm glad I walked in because it did not disappoint. I got the bacon steak and it was great! The staff are super welcoming and friendly.If your Looking for the best casual place to eat in the historic area I think this is it. A wide selection of sandwiches with a hot and cold buffet of well prepared selection for all tastes.
And the make a  great philly steak sandwich!!!
If your in the area it's a must go
5/11/19
I just had a wonderful walk to the historic area and topped it off with a great lunch at phily gourmet steaksStopped in to grab a cheesesteak and it didn't disappoint. Got the cheesesteak with whiz and it was tasty.So we came with a tour group (if u come with a tour group DO NOT Eat the buffet even u just get one piece of tofu will cost u $5) it is Super expensive and the scale is wrong. They probably have deal with the tour company. A breakfast for each person is cost about $20. I argued and talked with my tour guide and got some refund. DO NOT COME HERE... not honest peopleSeveral days ago after a photography, class and tour my student and I had a late lunch at Mimi's Philly's Gourmet Steaks. The steak sandwich and hamburger were excellent as was their selection of wines and beers. A great place to have good food and drink at a reasonable priceThis place has the best chicken cheesesteak in Philly. No, I haven't tried them all but it's better than Ishkabibbles and Max's. Now, I'm a Maryland native so you really can't take my word but if you don't want to visit a hood after midnight or bad area, take yourself here! It's very clean. Excellent food. My food was done under 10 minutes and it was sorta busy. When I am in Philly, I will be stopping by this place again!Absolutly loved this place! Plenty hot fresh things to eat. Me and my three other friends came and ate 4 different country's food. I had philly cheese steak which is literally the best one I had in this town. My other friends wanted to try some Chinese and Japanese food which was calculated by the weight and it wasn't as expansive as what we've expected. Hot and fresh. If your looking for a great philly cheese steak with some great asian and american food, this place is a 'must go' restaurant to feed your hunger.Great sandwich I don't see why it doesn't have 4/5 stars. Fast and convenient and great customer service.If you are Looking for the best casual place to eat in the historic area I think this is it. A wide selection of sandwiches with a hot and cold buffet of well prepared selection for all tastes.
And the make a  great philly steak sandwich!!!
If your in the area it's a must place to goHad an amazing experience Tony and Chrispy made us amazing cheese steak subs  and their service and attentiveness was amazing defiently will returnFirst time in philly eating cheesesteak, and could not be happier with with the cheesesteak from here. Nice clean atmosphere, and most importantly the cheesesteak was not greasy!You cant beat this gem of a steakhouse spot. Clean, friendly, cordial, and most important great fresh cheesesteak. And when I say fresh, I mean everything bread, veggies, cheese with plenty of steak. While I was there, a grown  family of four on holiday ate for 52.00 which included a choice bottle  (their pick among many offerings) of Cabernet Sauvignon! The decoration on the wall of and shelves of worldly variety of brewers collection, keeps your attentiion occupied in an interesting way. This was my first genuine Philly Chessesteak. I'm no longer a Philly Cheesesteak virgin.  And just like my man Dave Chappelle, expresses: 'that him and chicken have a fondness for each other', I'll be back to Market Street for another get together.I have been eating at the Philly's Gourmet for years. I was worried what would happen once they left the Bourse Building and moved to their new location. The verdict is out. Whether you live in the city , or are a tourist looking for great food at a reasonable price, Philly Gourmet is the best. The hot and cold buffets are prepared with fresh ingredients, the selection is endless, and the food is prepared by a chef that could be head chef in any 5 star restaurant in Philadelphia. And don't forget the selection of savory sandwiches.
If your'e in Philadelphia this is one place you should go!!!I would say that this place is more of a three and a half but definitely a solid cheesesteak.
Made fresh to order cheese is melted steak is nice and tasty and the roll is your average Amoroso or Lucio's type of roll.This place is such a gem. Cheesesteaks are the best in Philly, huge portion, flavorfully seasoned meat. Breakfast sandwiches are pretty good too, they also have hot & cold food buffet. Would definitely go back!!!Worst service ever. The cashier lady was mean, told me to go get buffet instead of taking my philly steak order when a group came in. I told her I can wait and she just say we are closed. WTH. I WISH I CAN GIVE YOU 0 STAR INSTEAD OF 1.They messed up the order, but ignored my friend when they tried to correct it. Clearly a place that is terrible and may be racist??This is the best cheesesteak on Market Street that no one is eating.  I'm not saying it's better than Oh Brother.  I am saying there's a line out the door at Campos and Sonny's, you go another block and here's a place that's big, bright, clean and a very good cheesesteak.  Even though I constantly complain to Carole about guest eaters she insisted we get the mushroom cheese steak with bacon and sriracha sauce, it was heavenly.  This cheesesteak smelled great, felt great and tasted great.  This was a great example of great ingredients working together in unison to make a great cheesesteak.  Can of beer was $4, plenty of seating and big bathroom, all things I love.  Great overall experience.Love the Buffet and great Cheesesteaks. My favorite at the moment is the Grilled 2 Cheese with Turkey Bacon, although reading the reviews im gonna have to grab a burger next time im there. I am a tour guide who has been taking groups to Philly Gourmet for years. Mimi and her staff are the absolute best. Aside from my groups this is also a go to for me if i have friends in from out of town.Friendly people ! Nice food ! Excellent ! Also you can get some nice gift for your friends here !Will be back here again!My family and I are from out of town and after a long day of touring the city we were excited to finally try an "authentic " Philly cheese steak. We went to Philly's gourmet Cafe. The man at the counter wasn't very helpful but took my order and charged me extra for bell peppers. When I got to my hotel room and saw my sandwich it was missing most of the toppings I requested including my bell pepper. I called back to the Cafe and let them know my sandwich was all wrong and that they didn't include my bell pepper that I paid for. I only called to request the difference to be refunded but the guy refused unless I brought my sandwich back. The sandwiches are mediocre and really needed the extra to give it flavor. I dont suggest this place. There are two other places down the street. Campos has better quality and the people there are more helpful with suggestions.On a Los Angeles Dodgers baseball road trip to Boston and now in Philadelphia, our bus tour guide from "City sightseeing Philadelphia" (hop on-hop off) told us that the best Philly cheesesteaks where here at Phillys Gourmet Steaks. By far the best cheesesteak we have ever had, and it must be because of high grade ingredients they use to set them aside from other cheesesteak restaurants/food places. Thank you for your hospitality and for holding our luggage as we enjoyed our cheesesteaks! Go Dodgers!Right next door to Franklin Fountain, we stopped to get Philly cheesesteaks while we were waiting for our ice cream order.  We were in and out of here before our ice cream was even ready and there was no line.  We ordered the regular Philly cheesesteak with provolone, green peppers and onions and the Pizza cheesesteak with marinara sauce, mozzarella cheese, broccoli and mushrooms.  Service was friendly, food was made fresh to order.  Nothing truly special, but it was yummy and we ate our obligatory Philly Cheesesteak with our first visit to Philadelphia!  Truly the location is what made us pick this place, but I would recommend.  Portions were large and the price was right (our dinner was less than dessert next door).this is definitely a salad cheese sticks. OK I'm using auto correct and it's actually solid cheese steak. With that being said I am from Philadelphia and I do not like these touristy spots that much. So I give it a generous four out of five. Also hey I really think that it could have been a lot more meat in the cheesesteak. So the Taurus can enjoy the bullshit food in Philadelphia. But for real I'm trying to be plant plant based, so no more cheese or steak for me  
Questlove it is I guessPhilly's Gourmet Steaks has everything you would want to find in the historic area. It has seating for 1-50+ people; great steaks; an extensive  sandwich menu; a hot and cold buffet with a wide variety of deliciously prepared foods; a great selection of beers, wines, and soft drinks, and last and not least spotlessly clean bathrooms. 
I have brought my photography tour students, and friends and family to Philly's Gourmet steaks and to the person, everyone agrees with my 5 star rating.As a local who lives off market st, this is my go to cheesesteak place over campos or sonnys. Cheesesteaks are big size and consistently overfilled with meat. It's not too greasy and also has the amoroso soft roll. Fries are consistently crunchy and soft inside, never soggy. They messed up my order once but gave me a natty light lemonade as a sorry. Also sells cheap sanitizer at counter. What's not to love.Philly's Gourmet Steaks was one of the BEST restaurants I've been in the city. The entrance is just so welcoming with pretty, delicate lights--definitely gives the place a chic, modern, yet familiar feel (so it's good for alllllll occasions!) I just stopped in for a quick lunch and got a cheeseburger. The moment I bit into it, yummmmmmm it was juicy and soft and HEAVEN in my mouth! The restaurant not only has American style burgers (and of course philly cheesesteaks) but also has a fancy (yet very affordable and deeeelicious) buffet! If burger or cheese steaks are not your cup of tea, try various selections from the buffetI am the instructor and tour guide for Photography Tours Of Philadelphia, and am working in the historic area very often. I can recommend this cafe for lunch or dinner without reservation. The quality, and variety of their menu, as well as the service and affordability of this cafe make it my first choice to recommend to my clientele as well for my own dining. A must go to place!!Apparently this is the after hours joint for Cheese Steaks and Adult Libations. 
The steaks were pretty good too! I wouldn't choose this place for dinner but if you are caught in a pinch late night stop by and you'll definitely be pleased!  I've got to get them serving one with a fried egg on top!Chesse stakes is not that good the fries the is fine the drinks are the best part the cheesesteak wasn't bad they overloaded it with cheese and the chesse kinda ruined the tasteI visited this cute spot during a short visit to Philly. I have nothing but great things to say about this family-owned restaurant. 
Atmosphere: There is a ton of space inside of the restaurant for families and groups to escape the bustle of Old City. The facilities are incredibly clean as well. There is ample seating outdoors and definitely recommend sitting outside on a sunny day!
Customer service: The cooks and staff were incredibly courteous and gave me suggestions on what to eat because honestly, there are a LOT of options for food and drink.
Food: I had the cheeseburger and wow--so good. I was surprised by how amazing the quality of ingredients were and will definitely come back for that burger. You can customize the ingredients as well! As for drinks there is a wonderful selection of beer, wine, and soft drinks. 
5 stars and will come again :)We took a trip from nyc to the aquarium and decided we wanted a Philly cheese steak. I looked on yelp. For 2 huge steak sandwiches with fries and soda was 30$.   The best 30$ I've ever spent.  5 stars all the way. Those Korean women sure know how to make a philly sandwich!!!!!!We came to visit from Canada and the buffet food was great! The manager was very kind as well, she showed a lot of great hospitality and kindness. The place is extremely clean and well-decorated. Highly recommend to go!If you know about this place, then you know what you're doing. Best place to go in the late hours for a beer and a meal. Guy behind the counters super friendly and welcoming to anyone who walks through his door.Came here for lunch today because it was Friday, and who doesn't like cheesesteaks?
Unfortunately, the picture advert outside looks a little more appetizing than what I received. It was still very good with the "restaurant hand-shaved choice ribeye" and fried onions and mushrooms I asked for. 
It was a little light on the meat and over on the cheese (your choice) but was fresh and just at the right mark for construction where it was not going to fall apart when you picked it up. I'm sure many of you have experienced a cheesesteak fail by being too greasy and falling apart with a lousy roll. This was not the case at Philly's Gourmet Steaks.
They also have burgers, fries, onion rings, hoagies, salads, breakfast items, hot dogs, chicken, and is also a beer bottle shop!  How great is that?
They have several specials with the sandwiches, and although I'm not sure I'd get another cheesesteak here, it certainly wasn't the worst thing I've ever had.Can't really go wrong with a cheesesteak in Philly, and this place definitely didn't! Cheap yummy cheesesteak, yum! I got the works, literally all the toppings stuffed in the roll. I just wish cheese wiz was a cheese option! The provolone did just fine as a delicious replacement.  I also added lettuce...an extra $1 for some green shreds seemed over the top, though.NOT FRIENDLY! HAIR FOUND IN FOOD!!! 
We drove from the Lehigh Valley to Philly for a girl's trip. This place had high ratings on google which is why we decided to eat here. Upon entering staff was NOT very friendly. I asked where the bathroom was and the lady at the register annoyingly pointed to the back of the restaurant, never gave instructions as to where it was. We ordered our food. Two cheesesteaks, coconut shrimp, and 3 fountain drinks. I head to the bathroom while waiting for our food, I couldn't find it so I asked another worker and she dismissively/annoyed pointed to the bathroom. We finally get our food. The cheesesteaks we're ok, not the best. The coconut shrimps were good until I FOUND A HAIR in my shrimp. We told the lady at the register who THOUGHT I found the hair at the beginning of eating but decided to put the hair aside and continue eating. I was very annoyed with her response and assumptions. I found the hair 5 shrimps in! If I would have found the hair in the beginning I would have said something then! She wanted to cook a new batch of shrimp because she CLAIMED that she couldn't give us our money back for the shrimp. After minutes of arguing with the lady, we finally get our money back. Long story short we will NOT be eating there again! I wish we had photos for proof but we were so caught up in the moment we forgot to snap a picture.I had the cheesesteak and it was fresh and tasty. My friend had the angus burger which looked pretty juicy. They also have a hot food buffet and salad bar.Lots of folks arrived here from a Spanish tour group right after we arrived. So it's popular with tours. Philly cheese steak was just OK, not much meat and no sauce. Extra charge for onions and peppers. Ala carte fries were a decent size portion and average for fries.This is a decent spot for a chicken cheesesteak. I would recommend adding extra meat normal portion is a little. It's cool you can get a alcohol drink there too and they are open late and pretty fast. It's my go to if I'm out late drinking. Or just craving a chicken cheese steak.DO NOT EAT HERE!! This place gave my friend & I the WORST food poisoning of our lives. We each just ordered a plain cheese steak w/ grilled onions... don't recommend.Solid cheesesteak!
More like a 3.5 but definitely above average.
I would prefer a better roll. I would guess it was an amoroso or Lucio's. 
Cheese was mixed in well and steak was fresh but prolly frozen.I don't know from cheese steaks, but this was ok. Im sure it was dripping with msg, it tasted like it. But if pressed and in the neighborhood I might come here again. Please get the ice cream next door, it's amazing.Place used to be great but past 2 times the cheese wiz on my steak and fries was rotten.  Like I'm talking I could smell how rotten the cheese was.  Totally inedible.  Called the restaurant to tell them and they denied their cheese was bad.