The average person has about 10,000 taste buds, and the Philly Pretzel Factory blesses each one of them. The Philly Pretzel Factory is the best food product to come out of Philadelphia since the cheesesteak. The pretzels really are soft, and the creamy cheese floods great flavor into your mouth. There is just a right amount of salt to pop in your mouth, but not too much to overwhelm you. I guarantee that your mouth will water every time someone says "Philly Pretzel" after you allow one to grace your stomach.
Not a fan of a traditional soft pretzel? Luckily, they carry a wide assortment of pretzels. I frequently get specialty items such, most notably the Pretzel Dog and Cinnamon Pretzel Twist. I have never been disappointed by a pretzel served there. The pretzels seem to be baked fresh, and the service is incredibly quick.
Of course, there are a few cons. They are clearly not made using the healthiest ingredients, and the cheap price personified this. Upon my first visit, I went in a few minutes before closing time. The location was small This was clearly after the pretzels were made fresh, and they were quite hard. My friend told me they were subpar to their standards, so I gave them a second chance. And I'm glad I did.
They also are very filling, so having them before meals is NOT a good idea (I know from experience). They also are high on calories, but overall I recommend you go and try!  The flaws make it a high 4 star, but the great food will not disappoint you.PRETZELS!  I had been looking for pretzels on my self guided walking tour of Philly and there they were.  And they were delicious!This may be the most overrated place in Philly.  The pretzels were luke warm at best and taste better at any of the stadiums in the area.  To make matters worse, when we requested mustard, they charged us, for the small plastic container, even though they had mustard available as you exited.  
I was looking forward to a hot pretzel but this is a place to avoid.The Philly Soft Pretzel Factory's (PSPF) no-reservations front room is that rare space that's sexy enough for a date but comfortable enough for your grandparents, assuming they are comfortable sitting on the window ledge, and the menu is so thoughtful it's like an act of generosity. The pretzels are born of meticulously sourced ingredients and crafted into one of the most resplendent foods EVER created.
More often than not, PSPF is filled with people having a very good time. No surprise, since the menu offers an up-to-the-minute snapshot of what young Philadelphians have been scarfing down their cold weather/second rate city mouths for decades. Pretzels - from traditional Philly twists to the longer classically phallic "torsion longue" - are a draw, as are the pretzel dogs; it's hard not to fall in love with a pretzel that has a strip of processed pork belly riding inside it like an amputated finger. Choices of several different dipping sauces, including several varieties of mustard, round out the menu choices.
If I were a ball of dough, salt and yeast, I would be a Philly Pretzel.
If I were a better person, I wouldn't have thrown my ambien into the dough bin while the employees weren't paying attention.Not the best pretzel I've ever had, but good enough when I need one. They're cheap, warm, and come with good dipping sauces. My favorite is buttercream!Our soft pretzel wasn't even edible.  The pretzel tasted as if it was not completed cooked all the way and it was so hard to eat without any sauce.  It was very dense and we would have to rip the link apart just to share the pretzel.  Never a good sign.  This place has great reviews, and I'm confused as to why...Okay ... right up front this is a very specific review.  Their pretzels might be awesome but I stopped in here to check out their Cheese Steak Pretzel only ... in fact to check out two of them as they are 2 for $6 and you need two of them to make a kinda quick meal. Unfortunately, they don't have any taste.  The meat is bland inside the pretzel, I barely tasted the cheese. There are no extras.  If you wanna cheese steak go for the real thing and not this poor rendirion in a pretzel.  Now the pretzel surrounding the cheesesteak wasn't bad so I guess they would deserve a higher rating.I like me some pretzels.
Gimme gimme pretzel.
Pretzel.
Pretzel.
Pretzel.
No ODB. 
(Whoops, wrong place to be looking. Oh, well.)This place has the best pretzel ever. Eat one (or three) with brown mustard immediately.So apparently to gouge the "happy hour customers" looking for an inexpensive snack after imbibing, they change their menu after 7:00 on Friday nights to only "pretzel twists" which they charge $2.00 apiece!!!  What a scam.these pretzels are soft, delicious, fresh, delicious, soft, and great. and salty and great.
and the MUSTARD - oh man oh man!
you cannot go wrong here. excellent value.Delicious, cheap, doughy goodness.
Pass on the pretzel dog though, mine was sitting around and the pretzel was impenetrable.Great and cheap (around $1 for a regular pretzel) spot to grab a quick snack. The pretzels are warm, chewy and just overall yummy. Not sure if I prefer the cinnamon sugar or the regular pretzel more.Load up on pretzel dippings and go.  Located on the not so lovely Sansom street, this place is a great spot for a lazy Saturday afternoon snack. Also really friendly staff who will tell you all there is to know about the life of a pretzel artisan.As a new resident of Philly, I was excited to try Philly soft pretzels and see what all the hype was about. Nothing special here, folks. The pretzels were cold and stale plus the young lady that helped us had a sour attitude. Won't be returning. I'd rather go to Auntie Anne's pretzels.The quality of a soft pretzel deteriorates by the minute.  Capitalizing on this simple fact, Pretzel Factory is the Krispy Kreme of pretzels.  Fresh from the oven, your salty baked bread goodness radiates heat from out of the bag and all the way into your stomach.  The Factory supply carts and stands but do yourself a favor and cut out the middle man; I'll eat plenty of cart food but I get my pretzels straight from the source.Always hot and ready to go. Big or small, they have whatever you need. Great for meetings, organized events or just good old fashion party.Everything was good! The pretzels were nice and warm and the employee was very nice and funny. Great prices, too!When I'm cold and hungry, your salty, still warm pretzels satisfy me.  Great for a snack or meal substitute when you're really on the cheap.
Good(s):
Cheap pretzels (salted or unsalted, both are good)
Bad(s):
Cheese sauce is meh
Likewise the pretzel cheesesteaks are bland
There aren't many other places I can get full for $2The customer service was amazing! They were so kind! I give this place 100000 stars you pretzel tray!! Was delicious the manager was great! I recommend this place to anyone. The pretzel trays are perfect for a tailgate$4 for 2 pretzels?   Is this a joke????  Not worth it AT ALL.  This place is for tourist.Most Philly Pretzel Factory locations have a good level of consistency. However, this location continues to make great soft pretzels that are easily above the average! 
First, this location is a bit small, but is very good. 
I came in and was warmly welcomed by the staff. I quickly decided to order just three soft pretzels. They had a deal going on where you could get a fourth Pretzel for only 50 cents, but I respectfully declined.
When I actually had my pretzels, I was in for a treat! The outside was perfect as it was nice and crunchy, but not too hard. The inside was nice as well with it being nice and soft! The salt to Pretzel ratio was perfect as well. 
The staff here was really nice and personable! 
Altogether, this is a great place to stop off and get a pretzel!Being the snobby New Yorker that I am, I didn't want to give these pretzels a try. And now that I have, I can't eat a pretzel that isn't from here. These pretzels are so hot and soft, and the flavor is just so indescribable and strong. I love the cinnamon sugar pretzel - sugary AND salty. Literally perfect. I stock up on these when I go back home, but they only last me a couple days.I love these pretzels.  And when I have to chair meetings at work, I bring a whole mess of them and look like Lady Bountiful, even though they are so cheap!  My meetings go well when I bring these pretzels: everybody is happy, nobody is mad at me-- even when there is more work to do, and I look good for bringing them!  Wonderful pretzels that make my life easier.  What more could I want?If there's a better soft pretzel in the world, please tell me where to find it. As much as I love New York city street food, Philly gets the edge with the pretzel. These were light, not as dense as most soft pretzels I've had. Crispy on the outside, warm and fluffy on the inside. They put on a little bit of kosher salt, but not nowhere near the amount you'll find at most arenas, stadiums, and street carts. And with a little bit of spicy mustard, that just takes them over the top. Next time I'm in Philly, I want to go back and get one of their breakfast sandwiches on a pretzel bagel.I love pretzels... but not the pretzels at philly pretzel factory.  They were ok.... the reminded me of the pretzels you can get at any movie theater across the country.  Boring.   While they were fresh and warm... they were hard and really the pretzel had no flavor.  I will pass.Got the cinnamon twist- I think it may have tasted better if it was warmer. This place is one of those spots you have to go to as a tourist!Hot Fresh Pretzels - They are doing something right this place was also busy. Tucked into a little store just off the path nothing much to look at. The pretzels were not on display but you can just smell the goodness. 
The best way to eat a pretzel is buy 2 - stand at the window and use the house mustard. Watch all the people go by and enjoy the moment. 
Nothing says Philly like a pretzel!Nothing beats rolling into Philly Soft Pretzel factory in the wee hours after spending the evening at the pub.  The pretzels are still hot.  Not sitting under a heat lamp all morning hot but straight out of the oven.  They are so soft and chewy yet so crusty on the outside that they are like a little piece of salty heaven.  I get mine with spicy brown mustard.
I too have had long studently stretches when my purse strings were stretched taut.  Get a dozen of these, freeze 'em, eat them for breakfast with a little jam, lunch with a little hummus and then something else for dinner because there is such a thing as too many pretzels.  I was actually on the aforementioned 'pretzel diet' for awhile and it really shreds the pounds! There is little in the way of nutritional value (which is why you add the hummus) but it is filling to an empty belly.I agree with David C's review: This place is so-so at best. I'd say they're actually better at room temperature than warm ... which doesn't bode well for a soft pretzel. The cheese sauce is terrible; stick with mustard. While cheap, save your money and buy elsewhere.The service is extremely fast, and these are the cheapest and tastiest pretzels I have ever found!  Real soft pretzels are a novelty for me because I'm used to Auntie Anne's and Wetzels from malls (which are still tasty and buttery).  However, I really appreciated that these were not nearly as oily and were only $1 for my favorite cinnamon sugar!
I ate here for three mornings in a row when I had early 8am mornings where I was rushing to get to meetings, and it was completely warm, sweet, and satisfying.
I can't wait to go back to Philly to satisfy my craving for pretzels and whiz!  Philly Soft Pretzel Factory will definitely be my go to for pretzels!I ate three. Three. In less than an hour. My friend had two. Combined, they were $2 and soft and delicious...really, in a time of economic insecurity, rely on the pretzel!I see you playing mind games with me Philly Soft Pretzel Factory. I couldn't figure out how to get just one. The signs showed something like 5, 10 and 18,000. Then there were specials...3 with something, 3 with something else - how do I get just one?
Wait a second...I can have 3 and a bottled water for $3? OK. Is this really three pretzels? Since it took me three different go-rounds with it to finish it, I am going to say yes, it was 3 pretzels, but mainly because I don't want my appetite to feel like a sissy.
These pretzels were perfectly made. I can't even fathom what someone is looking for when they don't think these pretzels make all other pretzels look pathetic. Look, pretzels are not about dipping sauces although they are available here, they are about the pretzel (and maybe some spicy mustard right out of the bottle onto the pretzel, but not in a little dainty container for you to dip the end of your pretzel in) and the pretzels here are amazing. Next time I might order a 20 spot and share it.*
__________________
* Do not put your hands near my 20 pretzels.I've only been to this place once and it was way back in 2006.
I remembered the pretzels here were HUGE and super soft and deliciousssssssssss
my favorite part was the middle =) and i loved how it didn't taste super greasy. I wish they had pretzels like this in California! maybe we do but i'm not aware of it.
Yay I'm a fan!The pretzel we had was piping hot, chewy and delicious!  If you are deciding between the nacho cheese dipping sauce or the spicy mustard, go for the mustard. It was probably the best prepared spicy mustard I've ever had!!  Beware, it is extremely spicy with what tastes like freshly grated horse radish.  This place must survive by serving large quantities of pretzels because it was dirt cheap!  A baker's dozen for $5??  What a steal!!  Definitely stop and grab yourself a delicious pretzel if you're in the area.A pretzel for only $0.75! Of course I had to get one, and it was quite warm and tasty. Plus I got the cheese, which was oh so yummy! My friend got a cheese steak stuffed pretzel, which was okay. Tasted better when you dipped it in the cheese.baker's dozen for $5. What a freaking deal! The pretzels are yummy. Not too buttery, which i assumed since they looked glossy. The mustards are yummy too. 
Great place for a cheap snack. A tip is that if your pretzel is hard and cold, then microwave it for a few seconds to soften/warm it up and then dip it into their mustards. 
Only gripe was that the pretzels i bought weren't hot/soft. They were cold/hard, but still edible.Always exceptional service and what can I say... I love a philly soft pretzel!On the website they say that the store is open at 7;00am. But  when I went in the store I was they open and the said that they don't open till 9;00am. So I say I'll try another one to is national pretzel day.I love soft pretzels!!!  With that said, these are good, usually warm, and cheaper than you can imagine.  Wish the one by my apartment was open on sundays, however, i can deal.With a special offered every day, its hard not to pass up these pretzels!
I grew up in NYC and pretzels there are an entirely different variety: denser, thinner and twisted into that big heart-like shape. I'd watch people try to carefully drizzle mustard onto their humongous pretzels, slowly following the curves and trying not to spill (which inevitably happened). NYC pretzels are not meant for condiments. Philly ones ARE.
I had never tried a real Philly style pretzel until one day while walking outside with my bf. I saw the Philly Soft Pretzel Factory sign, noticed the $1 pretzel twist special and thought why not? I live here now, I've gotta try one! One dollar and a fresh, warm, soft pretzel later and I was making satisfied noises that should be reserved for the private setting of my bedroom. Oh man where those good. Chewy, slightly salty deliciousness. I had no idea what I was missing until now.Warm, soft and salty pretzels dipped in cheese or whatever else you want.  Bought a bakers dozen for around $5, threw in some warm cheese and different mustards to please the fam and a few sodas and we were sadly leaving the great city of Philly heading back home to MIchigan - but happily eating these delicious pretzels on our way out.  Do it to yourself. :)I love soft pretzels, but it's really easy to get a bad one in Philly.  Wawa's soft pretzels are especially bad - they're dry, cakey, and slimy and wet from the salt.  Yuck.  Philly Soft Pretzel Factory, on the other hand, has amazing pretzels.  Their outside is the perfect shade of golden brown, and it's nice and dry (no salt sweat here).  The inside is warm and doughy.  I love that the pretzels are still warm!  And the pretzels are cheap.   5 for a buck is a great deal.  Also, they have mini pretzels and pretzel dogs.  Good stuff.
My friend and his family own a franchise of the Philly Soft Pretzel Factory on 611 near Willow Grove, and that store, I have to say, is really well-run, and they've got a lot of parking.  So stop by if you're up that way.  As for the Center City store, it's a great place, but it's not open on weekends or after 5 p.m., which makes me sad.The best time to go here is late night.  Right when the pretzels are taking out and still steaming. They're warm and soft and just perfect. Grab some cheese and you're good to go. 
Great bang for the buck too.The BEST.  Period.  The End.  Go here ONLY for Philly soft pretzels.  Don't grab one from a vendor and report back to your friends in [insert other inferior city/town here] that "Philly pretzels aren't any good".  In fact, you can't judge UNLESS you've been here.  Your search starts and ends here.  I've eaten hundreds of soft pretzels in my 27 years.
Poor man's steak.  Enough said.Simply the best soft pretzels in Philadelphia. Everyone who has posted a review on Philly Soft Pretzel Factory seems to agree. You can get 3 pretzels for $1 and the pretzels are always fresh, soft, warm and right out of the oven. Going to a game, picnic, or just need to pick up a bunch for a group? Buy a box of 50 for just $12--I don't know many people who don't love a Philly soft pretzel. There are tons of locations around the city as well as in the surrounding suburbs. 
Go here if you want the best tasting pretzels.I don't understand the good ratings for this place. My pretzels were cold, and my dipping cheese tasted super artificial (if you like that sort of thing, it's good, I guess).
I considered not finishing eating my pretzels (1 regular w/ melted cheese dip, 1 cinnamon)...but I was pretty hungry after not having eaten for about 6 hours, so I did.
Thank goodness it only put me back $2.40.2nd Stop on Flavors of Philly Tour, by City Food Tours - Each tour attendee had a Soft Pretzel, that they could put various flavors of Mustard on top. This was by far my favorite stop on the tour. The soft pretzel was absolutely delicious. Would definitely recommend.I have to be a powerful kind of hungry to enjoy a soft pretzel, and there needs to be BROWN mustard in my reach.
No pretzel on this earth has been as good as these. I used to have a friend on payroll to ride his bike here and bring me back some pretzels during my twilight creative bursts. The one thing nobody realizes is how much better a pretzel is if it's warm. Just writing about it makes me want to venture over... but now's not the time.
If you want to feed out-of-towners a truly Philly snack, take them here. After one bite, they'll want wholesale.This is my first summer in Philadelphia and the city must be growing on me as I woke up yesterday craving a cinnamon pretzel like a true native.  In a matter of minutes, I was out of my Chinatown apartment and off on a trek to Rittenhouse Square, hoping that my fellow yelpers wouldn't let me down.  
The trip turned into an incredible adventure as I discovered the African American Museum of Philadelphia on a journey down 8th Street, Chris's Jazz Lounge and the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, Philly Soft Pretzel Factory.
I ordered up 10 of the cinnamon pretzels and they did not disappoint.  They were nice and chewy and slightly doughy, like a favorite doughnut.  They weren't heavily buttered like the Auntie Anne's variety nor were they tough and rubbery.  They turned out to be the perfect complement to my breakfast of oatmeal swirled with black cherry yogurt and mimosas made with fresh squeezed OJ from Reading Terminal Market.First, this is an actual factory: all they sell here are soft pretzels.
Second, the only bad soft pretzel I've had in Philly are the ones they sell in Wawa. The rest, including the ones sold at food trucks and in the streets, are consistently delicious. Hence, you wouldn't expect anything less than excellence from a place called the Philly Soft Pretzel Factory.
True story: When I was a poor, hungry freshman in college and I realized how inexpensive it was to order large quantities of pretzels from the Pretzel Factory (I think it was like $3 for a dozen pretzels), I eating them as my main course for every meal. My idea was that if I could keep my food tab very low, I could use the rest the money my parents had put in my bank account to buy cooler things, like alcohol and video games. The plan eventually fell apart, as you probably suspected, but even after two straight weeks of eating nothing but soft pretzels, I still haven't lost my appetite for them.
See, it's one thing to get Philly-style pretzels on the street, where they've been sitting around all morning. It's an entirely different experience to eat one from a factory, fresh from the oven: perfectly crispy on the outside, delightfully mushy on the inside. I like mine with some salt, but not too much, so I usually end up ordering "with salt" and wiping a bit off with a napkin. 
And don't forget a little bit of brown, grainy mustard. Oh!Simple, cheap, delicious, fast. What more could you want in a Philly Pretzel Factory?
A few buddies were picking me up in Philly for a road trip north, so I figured what's better for a road trip snack than Rivets? Toss in a few mustard cups and we're set for at LEAST 5 hours. They also made a great snack at the hotel that night. I will say, however, that these pretzels, unlike a fine wine, do NOT get better with age. They're meant to be consumed almost immediately, so do the pretzels justice and don't wait until the next day to gobble them up.
Not that I've ever had any trouble doing that.....I have had a hankering for a genuine soft pretzel that popped up shortly after I moved away and went West way back in 2004.  I hadn't been seduced by the yumminess of those twists in a long time and I was curious to see if our love affair was as delicious as I remembered.  Just like many things you revisit, the second time around wasn't totally the same, but it was enough of the same to send me back to LA happy.
The pretzels still link at a knot that has a soft, almost gooeyness that contrast nicely with the crispy brown and lightly salted outer layer. Maybe it was because I waltzed in with less than 20 minutes before closing, but the pretzels didn't have the bounce and fluffiness that I remembered.  
But, hey, at $.80 each, it's a steal.  There's a full compliment of regular yellow mustard and the seedier, Dijon variety.  They even make minis that are sold in a 5s for those with little guys, little appetites or hopes of keeping little waistlines.not the type of place you'd go to for a meal, but i dare you to roll past the pretzel factory some night around 2 AM after you crawl out of the bar.  around that time they're usually making them in mass and loading them fresh into boxes to be shipped out all over the area.  
you can walk up and buy one or several right off the machine.  there is nothing better than a fresh piping hot soft pretzel right off the press!I am so upset with the way I was treated as a customer of Philly Pretzel. We order from Philly Pretzel at 1532 Sansom Street all the time and I have ten trays in the next 2 weeks that have already been ordered.
Today, I had a delivery for 60 large pretzels in star shapes and 40 bottles of water that was supposed to be at my office at 8:30am. I called three times between 8:45-9:15am and they kept saying they were on the way.
I finally asked to speak to the supervisor, Ron Heil (this was at 9:15 with still no pretzel delivered) I told him I would like some sort of discount to keep me as a customer here. I was very upset b/c the pretzels were supposed to be for a meeting that had already ended. Ron was rude and condescending and basically told me he didn't want me as a customer. He said he would give me the order for free, but he didn't know if he wanted to continue having me as a customer. I am in the service business and I can't believe after they made a mistake on my order that he would treat me like that.
I also had another tray that was supposed to be delivered today at 9:30am, so maybe that is where they got confused? I did call twice last week to verify the delivery times.
I think Philly Pretzel has a great product, but I was very upset after today's ordeal. All I wanted was a simple apology and for Ron to rectify the mistakeNot quite sure why the rating is so high. The pretzels just tasted like any other pretzels. Not bad but also not fantastic in any way. Friendly staff though.My grandma really wanted to get a pretzel in Philly since she heard that they were supposed to be the best there.  We went to this place with high expectations, and we were not disappointed.  We ended up getting 13 pretzels for only $5! and they were delicious.  There were 3 different types of mustard to eat it with.  Delicious.Philly soft pretzels factory pretzels are good. Its a different product than center city pretzels and I dont think people recognize this. A little more doughy and bread like.  The advantage of philly pretzels is availability of warm pretzels...the holy grail of pretzel consumption. The spread of the philly pretzel factory stores and the fact that unlike CC Pretzels you can get warm pretzels at a reasonable hour gives philly pretzels a leg up.  Ultimately though most purists will say go to CC Pretzels if you really want a pretzel...I say go to both. 
Philly pretzel also had some other delicious options, such as pretzel dogs and sausages, party trays, dipping sauces, etc.My main experience is around lunch time and the pretzels are always warm and fresh.  It seems like they are making them all day when you are in the store.  I like that every time I go in, there is not really much of a line and you are in and out very quickly.Besides the pretzels and mustard options which are awesome, the best other thing about this place is it's open all hours day and night. Pretzels are literally right out of the oven fresh! You'll love going there at weird hours - just cuz you can! And you'll go back because you want!Since you've been in Philly, all you've heard is that you have to get an authentic Philly pretzel.  You just found it.
Philly Pretzel Factory pretzels are insane!  Plain.  With mustard.  With cheese.  You decide.  But the pretzel isn't to be debated.  Soft, warm chewy inside.  A perfect shiny brown exterior with just enough crunch to let you know it's a pretzel.  Nicely salted.  Welcome to Philly.I can always get a pretzel in NYC on the corner, but they might not be the cleanest pretzels around, taste like charcoal and are kind of overpriced.
I read about this place here on yelp and when I visited Philly for the weekend I made sure that we went here for some pretzels before driving back home.  Luckily we were staying in Rittenhouse Square so we were only a few blocks away.
I love how these pretzels come in slabs.  One slab has 5 pretzels attached and costs $2.  So cheap and so delicious!  It was perfect for the ride home.  They aren't greasy like mall pretzels and they have the right amount of salt.  Definitely going back if I'm ever in the area again.Bf has been wanting me to try this spot out for a while.  So while we were frolicking around the Rittenhouse Sq area  we stumbled upon this Pretz Factory location.
Can't go wrong with fresh, warm, soft pretzels at 4 for 2$.  You pay a little extra for the sauces/dips and still come out under 5$.  We got spicy brown mustard, pumpkin  and the cinnamon sugar.
Love the sweet/satly combo of the pretzel with the sweet dips.  A bit too much salt on the pretzels but that's something that can be easily fixed with a quick rub and a shake.
This location is kept fairly clean.  I would prefer this place over Auntie Anne's when it comes to the original soft pretzel.I've lived all over the place, but not in Philly for 13 years. This means that when I visit for the holidays I need to get my pretzel fix, and we just happened to pass by this shop. It had everything I needed, which is to say, not much. Delicious mustard in 3 different varieties, and soft pretzels available in blocks that I could tear off and separate. My pretzel had just the right amount of salt on it and was soft and squishy. The pretzels were torn off of larger blocks which means they have that perfect thin-rectangular shape going on. The only thing I love more is when pretzels get salt-wrinkles from being refrigerated overnight. 
I like that this place keeps it simple; not a lot of flavors at once, not a lot of add-ons, just soft pretzels and condiments (and a little cheez dip, should you want it). This seems contrary to my general impression of how most businesses run these days- trying to wow you with variety and ending up doing nothing well. Simple food that nobody could argue the nutritional merits of is one of my favorite things about Philly foods, and what I miss when I'm not here. 
I'll be craving another soft pretzel, probably until next Christmas. I can't believe this hasn't caught on in the rest of the country.Get these platters for your next party! They'll be a hit!
You are able to get different dips--cheese, chocolate, mustard, which will please everyone.
PERFECT for Super bowl parties.Everyone here sums it up ... they are the best and avoid WaWa soft pretzels at all costs!
Don't forget the cheese though ...If you don't love this then just get outta here! It's hot Philly pretzels! You gotta try the cinnamon sugar.Cheap and delicious. 
We're talking $1 for 2 large pretzels.
No Tax.
Awesome.There's no other place like it- Philly pretzels can not be duplicated.  Clean shop, fresh warm pretzels and friendly service.  You can't ask for more!!Cheap Thrill.   2 bucks for 4 pretzels.   (well in seattle those would be half a pretzel) but still cheap.  Three types of Mustard, and nothing else offered as a free condiment.  tthis gets old fast.  marina or something else.
ketchup, sirraccha? yes please.I'll be honest, I've tasted good cheesesteaks outside of Philly, I've had some good hoagies elsewhere and have even had a kickass tomato pie on the west coast. But this was hands-down a killer pretzel, perfectly doughy in the center, nice crust on the outside and perfectly salted - mmmmmm, I could get highly addicted to these.
One other compliment, I don't really like mustard on my pretzel (I know sacrilegious) but they have a house horseradish mustard that is to die for. It's just a little bit spicy but you should really try it.Every time I touch down in philly, I start dreaming about these salty, soft twisted, things and the CHEESE, oh my gosh the cheese. It's really about the cheese and how I can eat an entire pint of the warm, slightly plastic textured stuff in one 4 day trip.
I wake up at around 5:30am, because I am crazy, ask my husband.  I put on clothing that looks just enough like gym clothes that people assume I'm going to the gym.  In reality, I sneak off to the Pretzel factory and buy 5 salted twists and a tub of cheese.  Then I return to my hotel room in the cover of darkness, pull out one pretzel and eat it on the bed while reading about David Chang.  
Of course, my husband is nowhere to be seen, I left him at home, and I would never engage in this type of unfettered gluttony and texture-appreciation in front of him.  We have to keep some secrets.Sometimes you get exactly what you expect. This hot pretzel chain produces thoroughly average, inoffensive pretzels. They offer some sauces that you can add, although they apparently could not give me a to go cup of the mustard (although they will if you cater?). The pretzels themselves are dirt cheap - less than $1 apiece! I'd have no objection to a snack from here, but I bet there are better pretzels elsewhere.open 24 hours for soft pretzels and legit too - there were 3 guys making fresh pretzels when we arrived. I was too full from our cookie and yuengling but tried some of my friends and it was tasty fresh. fresher tasting than your typical ball park pretzel but to be honest, i prefer the softer more doughy auntie anne's pretzel - sour cream & onion please!The plain pretzel was great with the extra spicy mustard.  The pretzels were soft inside and the mustard gave just the extra kick you needed.  Great to buy a bunch to take for a party.  The only thing that could have made these better would be if the pretzels were warm.I want to love this place, open 24 during the week, I thought I knew it wasn't (it isn't on weekends).
The pretzels are good if you can get it warm within reason of it being made, I went in about 2pm on Monday got three pretzels and mustard and cheese, it cost me $2.74, I walked in at 1am the same day 11 hours later, now all they have are pretzel twists, ok whatever I'll take 4 and a bottled soda, for the extra pretzel and a soda it was an additional $6.00, what gives? The afternoon were Philly pretzel shaped, the late night was two rods twisted together. Not a fan of the plastic cheese, and I could taste no difference between spicy or hot mustard, pretty sure I was just given two spicy mustards as there was also no color difference.
This place works in a pinch but I've had better soft pretzels at stadiums and ballparks all over North America at the late night pricing. 
I'll give any place three chances, so I'll go back one more time, confidence is not highSo, we were eating the pretzel dogs and as I took a bite there was a long hair coming from the dog to my mouth. I would have taken it back but we were to far away ..I wish I can give this Pretzel joint, a 0 Star review. Visiting with my Father from out of town to get some pretzels, my father took out his phone to take a photograph of the pretzels. The cashier starts to give the nastiest looks you have EVER seen and tells my Father he can't walk up to the pretzels next to her. The A**hole bald owner/manager of this joint on steroids then comes up and starts slowly walking into my Father with his chest up in an aggressive fake tough manner and starts hounding him rudely about how he can't take pictures of the pretzels and only employees can go near the pretzels beside her. As my Father puts away his phone, I tell him to chill out and he goes on to tell me to "FU** MYSELF" and getting ready as if he was going to violently FIGHT ME. I tell him to "be a little nicer to you're customers" We then leave as he tells us to "Have a nice Fu****g day, learn how to operate a pretzel store" I then think to myself, wow, for 1. Hopefully my future isn't at a damn pretzel shop lol 2. Philadelphia really does live up to its name as one of the trashiest cities in America. These employees were a representation. I suggest TO ALL TOURISTS AND LOCALS TO STAY AWAY from this joint. One of the rudest experiences I have ever encountered. Horrible customer service. They also had bugs crawling on corners of the joint. Pretzels were rock hard!After living in Philly for over 8 years and encountering these pretzels on (way too) many occasions where the hosts were too cheap to provide proper snacks, I still can't wrap my head around the hype surrounding them. 
Basically, if you don't eat them within 30 minutes of their exiting the oven, they will basically taste like clay. And if you wait a little longer, be careful not to get hit in the head with one of these.
They are so dense that one pretzel might contain the same amount of calories and nutrition as a full loaf of white bread.
What these pretzels do have going for themselves is that they are filling and pretty cheap. If you are starving and must have one of them, I've found that dijon mustard helps offset the pretzel's lack of flavor. 
However, it would be nice if they could try to distribute the salt pebbles a bit more evenly on these pretzels so that some bites are not way saltier than others.Yay for Philly Soft Pretzel Factory. They are the best. The price can't be beat. I love this place. I am a soft pretzel addict so when I found this place after moving back to Philly from Seattle it was like finding a piece of heaven right down the street from my house. Hands down the best in Philly.