Pho noodle soup taste good..... but after I ate it..... i had a SERIOUSLY SEVERE DIARRHEA!!!! almost fainted.
B/c I allergic to MSG and I think they put A LOT of MSG !!! in the soup.One of my favorite treats. Their spring rolls are great! you can 4 or 8. Don't even tease yourself with the 4 especially if you're eating with someone else. Filling but don't leave you feeling stuffed. the pho is also amazing!!I've had better Pho, but the customer service and friendly wait staff make me want to come here every time I want Pho. I also really love the shrimp & pork rolls. Definitely stop by. It's a very welcoming place on a cold day. It's especially nice to go there straight from the greyhound station.3.5 stars. I ordered the pho and spring rolls. The spring roles were pretty good and the pho wasn't bad, but definitely not the best I've had. Their customer service is a little lacking but I think that's mostly due to the language barrier.I love this place for a quick, inexpensive Pho fix. I usually get the vermicelli instead of the traditional Pho, with the grilled beef and spring roll (#53) and it's always the best. Hands down, the best grilled beef at any Pho place I've been to so far (it's not chewy and doesn't taste like it's been boiled first). The spring rolls, too, are perfect and crispy. If only the places on Washington Ave. could get it right like this place! 
The service is fast and friendly for the most part, although I would avoid it at it's peak (Noon) to avoid any service pitfalls that could easily occur at any packed place. Nevertheless, the #53 keeps me coming back time and time again.
I recently went for lunch and got the Pho with crispy flank steak and I had to update my review because it was so delicious. The broth wasn't too fatty, nor was the steak. Once again, Pho Cali has exceeded my expectations and I'll be coming back for more :) 
Special Note: They have beer, which comes in handy because in order to pay with a card, you have to spend more than $10.I got the "rare steak and flank steak" pho for lunch.  While the meat was nicely prepared and the portion was large, I found the broth to be a little too oily and the noodles to be  a little too soft.  Overall, I would pick Pho 75 around the corner over this place for the food quality (although this place has better ambiance).I came here for lunch and I'm glad I did. I decided to carry out some pho and it was just as good as eating in. My coworkers were jealous and I was extremely full and happy. 
I was a bit worried because it took me about 20 minutes to get down there from work and with a hour lunch, I didn't know if I would have time, but after ordering my food it only took them 5 minutes to have it ready. And it was delicious. I received a huge portion of pho and could barely finish it all, but forced myself to do it. Waste not want not. This is definitely a place I will go to for when craving pho for lunch (or dinner). It's quick and cheap, and a delicious filling meal.I had shrimp pho here on a Saturday with some friends. Our food came out quickly, and the shrimp did not have tails (thank you). This was only my third or fourth time eating pho, but it seemed heavy on the noodles. 
Shrimp were cooked nicely, the service was friendly, but I'm still not sure I was feelin' the broth. Nonetheless, I ate almost all of it before tapping out, so it certainly wasn't bad!I am still a fan of this place. It's really cheap and the food here is delicious. That being said, I hate it when the restaurant makes it known that they're waiting for you to get out. The place closed at 10:30 and they had the door locked by 10:20. We were the last group there, and it's not like we were sitting around and talking, because we had just finished our food and were taking care of the bill. They had their music on, had already started cleaning, and the kitchen staff was staring extra hard like we were planning on ordering something else. That's all well and good, but don't make me feel like I'm wasting your time when the restaurant isn't even officially closed. We walked out the door at 10:28 and they locked it behind us.
However, I just have to give it 4 stars because of the cheapness and the deliciousness of all the food! The service leaves something to be desired, but I'll be here again and again if the menu remains the same.We were looking for some banh mi to go and this was one of the places in Chinatown that took credit card. We tried to order two beef banh mi sandwiches, which came out to ~$9, but they have a &15 credit card minimum, so we ordered some Thai tea to go as well. While we were waiting for the sandwiches to be prepped, we sipped on the small Thai tea. It was pretty good, but they filled it with a lot of ice, so there wasn't much tea. By the time I finished the tea, the sandwiches were ready. The good thing about this place is that the food came out fast, but let me tell you about the banh mi sandwich. It was very dryyyyyy... I should've kept the Thai tea so that it would help to swallow the dry bread and dry meat. The pickled carrots and onions helped to give the sandwich a little flavor, but it was not very enjoyable. It seems this place is good for their pho, but not for their banh mi sandwiches.Well on occasion, I am "forced" to eat vietnamese food, and I am usually not happy about it, but I take it like a champ and be a sport and just go with it. I never liked Pho - it always tasted like they heated up dirty water that dishes were soaking in, threw in some remnants of yesterday's dinner and voila - pho! 
So over the years I've explored the OTHER items at viet places and have come to really enjoy the vermicelli dishes and the sandwiches (bahn mi). 
The vermicelli was good, although I prefer it when the meat and vegetables are served side by side as opposed to in a bowl. Not sure which is more authentic, but hey, I like what I like. That was good, but the bahn mi was something truly special.
The first bahn mi I had was at Lee's Sandwiches in California and while I never particularly enjoyed it, it was open 24 hours. At some point my taste buds changed and started to like the cilantro and pickled vegetables that are the core elements of the vietnamese sandwich. And this place does it RIGHT. I wish they were a bit bigger because they are so tasty! So, you may want to order two. I tried the beef as I do not enjoy the swine too much, but I bet that's good too. 
They also have an extensive non-alcoholic drink menu which I suggest you try. i had this rainbow blended thingy. I couldn't tell you what was in it, because I do not know. It was fruity and tropical and delicious. Also had an avocado boba that was good too.
Service was friendly and fast.
Definitely will be back!Everytime I visit Philly, this place is on my "must" list. I usually have "Bun Bo Hue" wich is beef rice noodle soup, Hue style. Similar to pho, but spicy and more flavored with lemongrass instead of star anise. (this is what my palate can sense). The summer rolls are delicious as well ! Consistently great, and cheap ! Plus it is in a great neighborhood for walking around. The staff is very friendly and accomodating.. they can sometimes be seen in the back of the restaurant making some sort of homemade item for the menu.. dumplings, rolls etc. They open relatively early for a late breakfast of hot soup on a cold day, and stay open fairly late for a perfect not heavy meal in my belly before bed.Service was great.  shrimp summer rolls and chicken pho, delicious and inexpensive.Pho Cali: fuck yeah.
Pho Cali was my first experience with pho, so maybe I have Cali-tinted glasses on whenever I eat anywhere else, but I haven't found a place I prefer.
The pho is great.  The broth is really flavorful and rich, and I have always gotten a generous helping of whatever meat I ordered.  Every bowl of pho comes with a plate of bean sprouts, Thai basil, limes and jalapenos, and there's an amazing house chili sauce in little jars.  I've also wandered outside the pho section on the menu to try the grilled pork with rice (it is actually fantastic; make sure you dump the carrot vinegar sauce on top) and the pork vermicelli (frankly, I was disappointed by the vermicelli when compared to their other offerings soooo).
There is also a really large selection of drinks: beer, bubble tea (so good, so GOOD), soda, different kinds of tea and coffee.
Aaaand pricing!  All entrees are 6.50$ to 9.00$, and you will be STUFFED.
Service has always been exceptionally quick here.  If I order, I usually get my meal within seven minutes.
I don't really give a shit about 'ambiance' while I eat (as long as it doesn't include roaches), but Cali is nice!  Clean, small, with dark wood tables and ever-present K-Pop playing.  Go for one of the high window tables so you can people-watch as you munch.
I see a lot of Yelpers had 'miss' experiences here, which I'm mad confused about (I have been to Cali dozens of time and never had a bad day), but so it goes.  The one heads-up is that the credit card minimum is 15$, and unless you are Cookie Monster you are not gonna put that away on your own.There are multiple places for Pho in Chinatown (obvi) but this is my favorite. If you don't know what Pho is, it is basically a giant bowl of the Asian version of chicken (or other protein) noodle soup. 
The pho here is in giant portions. I usually get take out. The pho is $8.50 and lasts me about 3 servings. The broth is amazingly salty and the noodles are ultra thin and almost chewy which I love. I've had both the steak and the chicken pho. The steak comes ultra thin cut and raw so when it's placed in the sizzling broth it cooks itself. With the take out, it comes in all the separate pieces, the noodles with protein in one container, a huge container of hot broth, and a big bag of a variety of veggies. This way when you get home you can personalize your own soup. I recommend this spot for both newbies and veterans to the Pho world.My Philly pho go to! Right around the corner from the greyhound station and always makes for a quick meal getting off your bus or right before you leave. They're quick so you'll be in and out within half an hour or less, depending on how fast you eat. My #1 spot is still on Washington Ave but if you're looking for something that's not as out of the way, I'd recommend Pho Cali for sure! It will not disappoint!Since I'm tight on time today, I stopped here instead of taking the bus to pho75 or walking to Pho 20 (don't judge) I walk in and I'm greeted immediately then waved to a table.  The man has water & menu in hand. I know what I want, so now I'm just waiting for him to return. I order plain pho, no meat. I said no meat 2x. A women to works there and thinks she knows what I want. I said no meat & she says something I don't understand. They man brings back a small bowl of pho with vegetables and tofu (I got vegetarian pho instead of plain pho with no meat). I'm game, so I taste it. OMG, bland! I add lime, sriracha, no fish sauce anywhere. The broth is not very good, but I kind of enjoyed getting vegetables.  
The place filled up fast, the bowls came flying by. Great location & service. Broth is a non-starter.Foods, services, prices...worst ever... Sorry, but it's that bad... Summer rolls are like a joke...I remembered this place when I visited Philly for the first time.  Now that I live here and have been to this place numerous times, I am sad to report that the quality is noticeably on the decline.  I don' t know why.  The soup base, to me, is awesome.  Just the portions are getting small and the avocado smoothie is not consistent.  ...I'm stepping away quietly but have fond memories :)I know it's known for it's pho.. but I only eat Bun (vermicelli) here.
It's not the best, they give you too little sauce which leaves it dry and I find the place a bit dirty..
Yesterday I was there with 8 other people while the restaurant was packed, and there was clearly a mouse running around the restaurant. They did nothing about it..
Anyways about the bun, its one of my favorite vietnamese dishes but I've tasted better.. this place makes me want to puke after eating it.I stumbled upon Pho Cali today and I am so glad I did.  Not knowing what I was going to eat at all, I looked at the place and it looked inviting, so I went in.  It is small and quaint and the food was great.  I was unaware that there was a $15 dollar credit limit.  So instead of making me order something else, the hostess accepted my card for my $8 total, very gracious of her.  I ordered the grilled beef with broken rice and it was excellent.  My only complaint was that there wasn't a whole lot of meat.  Otherwise it was perfect.  I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu!This Pho restaurant is consistently delicious and the prices can't be beat.  I'm not sure that this is "the best" Pho place in the Philadelphia area, but it is the one that I frequent the most often.  The flavor of the beef broth is complex, the sides (sprouts, limes, jalapenos, basil leaves) are always fresh, and they do a great tofu pho for the days when I'm not feeling red meat.
Also, love the older male waiter who knows my order and provides lightening fast service.  
P.S. the summer rolls are excellent.Mmm...fresh pho is a wonderful thing.  The soups here are comfort food for me.  Service is fast, and they are open late.Just stopped in for a quick bowl of vermicelli with spring rolls and sliced beef.
On a cold night - this place (still in dire need of a makeover) serves a great, warming meal for under $10.
Love it here!When Pho Cali first opened, I'd probably leave a glowing review with five stars. Not so much now.
The pho here is not what it used to be. I think they just keep on adding water to their broth as the day goes on. They probably put half as much beef slices in the soup as they used to. Definitely no longer an option for me.
However, the spring rolls here are the absolute best I've tasted. I will still go to Pho Cali for them, but not for anything else. If the Pho Cali people are reading this, please fix your place up. You had a good thing.This is the best pho I've had in Philadelphia. Huge portions and they bring out a large variety of things you can add to your pho.
You can ask them to make the pho with veggie broth instead of meat stock without it being a big deal which is nice.
If you like pho I would recommend this place!Pho cali is where I went to get my first bowl of pho 4 years ago. I went back yesterday for the first time since then. Just as great as I remember. Between that time and now I had visited many other pho restaurants and all I have to say that pho cali isn't my favorite. Chicken didn't have much flavor, summer rolls also lacked flavor but pho broth was amazing. I also like how nice and friendly the staff is. I noticed the pho menu is pretty big so next time I'll get something different.Number 53 . A wonderful Bun dish of beef, noodles and vegetables.  I'm am always pleased with the food here.We tried 2 types of bahn mi and the bun (always a favorite) with pork. All terrific. We will definitely be back!I don't think I've ever had vietnamese food quite like this. There's lots of viet places around philly, most are on washington ave and you can't go too wrong with any of them. I've been to Pho xe lua in chinatown, and while it isn't quite as good, it'll satisfy my pho/ broken rice cravings. Pho cali, however, was just... terrible. My friend got the pho and while he isn't too picky, i could tell from looking that it wasn't that great. It was also expensive for pho. I got broken rice with grilled pork. Not that hard, right? I make it at home all the time; marinade the pork and grill it. This place, however... I don't know what was going on. The pork was just.. salty. Did not have that balance of flavors from the lime and fish sauce it should've been marinated in. I get full pretty easily too from almost every broken rice dish I've eaten but, for once, I left still pretty hungry... It was also pricey as heck! I can get it much cheaper at almost any other viet restaurant, I felt somewhat offended by their pricing here, especially with Pho xe lua right now down the street.. The waiter also did not have any napkins on the table so I had to ask. And when he brought me a fork and spoon, he shoved it in my face,  expecting me to take it from his hand... First off, it should have been on the table along with napkins. Second, put it on the table, don't shove it in my face. Go somewhere else for viet food. This place is a rip off and the service sucks.I am a pho fanatic and let me say that the pho here is very mediocre. I have had pho from over 20 locations and this is probably some of the most bland broth I have ever had. The soup was edible but not tasty. I ordered the rare steak pho. We also ordered the shrimp and pork summer rolls (rice paper rolls) I saw 2 shrimps and could not find the pork in the roll. The rolls were not bad but again, bland. Needed soy sauce, peanut sauce or Sriracha to make them tasty. Will probably not return because everything ordered at our table was bland.I stopped by with a friend for a late lunch this past Saturday, and it was A-OK!
Not in the mood for beef, I ordered the shrimp pho and while it was good, it was not among the best that I have had. The broth was a bit too bland for that.
The service was very good, though! Our food came out quickly, and they refilled our water regularly, even though we drank it very quickly (it was hot outside, and we had walked a lot!)Very good food. I've had the vermicelli there twice and they were willing to make it for me with chicken both times (white meat, not grilled, though).  The summer rolls were also great.  The prices are very reasonable. The atmosphere is so-so, but it's what you'd expect for the price, so it's still nice.  The only downside is the minimum price for using credit/debit ($15).I used to love this place. It was my favorite pho place in the city. Then i had this transcendent experience in Montreal in a little basement  restaurant where i had the best pho ever and now everything is just a little less impressive. 
Pho Cali is still my favorite in the city, but i would like less clumpy noodles and larger meat portions and a richer broth to create the ideal pho experience. Also, they have a chili paste instead of the chili in oil that i am used to. I prefer the oil.I love this place. Honestly, I do. It's simple and not in your face. 
The service there is pretty quick and the pho is quite delicious and hits the spot for me. 
They're very welcoming there, especially one waiter (I think he's the owner) - I come here after school sometimes when I'm starving and stuff my face with pho.The last time I ate at Pho there was a dirty fingernail in my soup.  They first said "That's not a fingernail" and then didn't even take it off the bill.  Dirty, disgusting, rude, DON'T EAT HERE.Favorite pho place in Philadelphia. Would go there for lunch on the regular if I worked closer by. No qualms about recommending this place. GREAT!WORST service ever !!!  They totally ruined my Philadelphia experience. There was a strand of HAIR in my food. I told them about it but they  just transferred my food to a bigger bowl instead of giving me a new bowl of food. When I ordered Goi Cuon, they did not asked me if I wanted shrimp or shirmp+pork. They gave me whatever they liked. My almost 2 years old niece could not enjoy her food because we asked them for a scissor so that we could cut the noodles into smaller pieces for easy feeding, they told us just to use a spoon instead. ( We tried that too, took forever!! )What kind of service is this????? Oh we almost had to beg them for a high chair for the baby. There were not a lot of customers either. Perhaps THEY WERE TOO LAZY TO GET THE CHAIR for an almost 2 years old to sit on. My sister had to move her seat closer to where they put  all the high chairs at so that my niece could have a chair to sit safely. I hate everything about this place. I literally had to walk a few blocks away to buy some other food for my niece because she was crying from being hungry and they did not care enough to accommodate for a hungry baby.I really love Pho (well, who doesn't), and this place knows how to do it. It's the ultimate comfort food, is pretty cheap, and you get A LOT for your money. I usually get the chicken or shrimp pho, and have never been disappointed. They also do take out, which is still good, although not quite as delicious as when ordered in the restaurant. 
The reason I don't give it a full 5 is because the menu is a little limited. If you don't want pho, vermicelli, or a ban mi, you're out of luck. 
I go to this place pretty often, and don't see that changing any time soon.Pho - Decent broth and a lot of noodles! "Iffy" on the amount of meat in the pho. Good enough to come back a second time.Excellent food.nicely spiced and presented. All fresh and healthy 
 We loved it and will be back for more.Long story short: I was hungry - they were open. 
I should've known better not to return after what happened the last time I came there. However, I only wanted a roasted beef hoagie (banh mi bo nuong) to go. I figured, "How could they possibly mess that up?" I just had to jinx it.
Wait time: 10 minutes 
Bread: kind of stale & not toasted
Meat: cold & sparse
Veggies: sparse
Cost: $4.00 ?!?!?
I don't care how hungry I get next time. I'll just let my stomach collapse in on itself until I get home. The lady can be mayor of frowntown to someone else.We ordered take out pho and asked for extra brown sauce....the owner was so rude and refused to give us extra sauce. We left our food there because the customer service was absolutely horrible. There are so many better pho places in Chinatown then this one! Bad experience!!!!!!In and out of this place in 35 minutes flat! It was awesome, we were seated in 2.5 seconds of walking in. We ordered spring rolls, beef pho, and shrimp over broken rice. The spring rolls were tasty and we had just finished them when the waiter walked over with the additional accouterments for my pho! Piles of Thai basil, bean sprouts, jalapenos, cilantro, and onions... It was a dream come true! The plates arrived quickly - my BF was consumed with his broken rice and shrimp and I dove into my steaming bowl of perfectly prepared rice noodles! It was amazing and we were both stuffed for under $20!My friend, who lives right by Chinatown, took me here for lunch.  I'd like to say it was excellent since I respect my friend's taste in food and Pho Cali is said to have good Vietnamese food, but I cannot deny that I had some issues.  There's nothing worse for a first-timer than to be rushed in choosing their first meal and that's exactly what happened to me.  I ended up selecting the #1 pho (Vietnamese soup), which consists of a variety of meats, vermicelli, veggies, and some type of fish?  The bowl was HUGE!  And although I'm not complaining about the portion size, (especially since it was only $6.50) I did have problems with its contents.  The fish/vegetable thing living within was, well --- not my cup of tea.  The beef was okay, but I truly could not tell the difference between the meats and it was supposed to be a sampling.  The vermicelli was very good, however, I was "that" American who could not get the hang of eating the pho via chopsticks.  Nonetheless, the broth was delicious and my favorite part.  Surprisingly, I ate the entire bowl.
The experience was decent enough that I will go back again, but next time, I will definitely order something else -- certainly not the pho.This seems to be the only pho place I can get Shrimp Pho. I LOVE IT. I have always been a fan of beef pho until I read an article years ago about Pho Cali's Shrimp Pho...it was listed as one of the "Must-Eat" things in Philadelphia. So i tried it and I was converted instantly. When ever I go to Pho Cali, I don't even need to look at the rest of the menu....Shrimp Pho is always what I order and maybe w/ a mango bubble tea. Their bubble tea is made with fresh fruit so it tastes so much better than most of the other Chinese bakeries in Chinatown.  You can actually chew on the fiber in the bubble tea (I think it 's a good thing). Anyways, if you get a chance to go to Pho Cali, give the Shrimp Pho a try and you can thank me later!The worse Vietnamese restaurant that I have ever been to.  I had "bun bo hue" the broth tasted like instant noodle soup, pig feet has no flavor, not enough meat, not enough asian veggies....over all not enough flavor.  Spring rolls were disappointing.  Hot water was served and I thought it was a finger bowl.  I WILL NOT recommend anyone.I hate giving a bad review to a small owned business but I have to give an honest about the product I receive.
I ordered the Deluxe Pho. As soon as it came out, I knew I mad rhewrong shoice in restaurants. A good pho will have rare steak that is still red and cooking in the broth. The steak in the bowl was already a dull tannish color. Also, there was very little cuts of meat. I could live with smaller portions if the taste is there. Unfortunately, my first taste of the broth was hugely disappointing. It lacked thw depth and richness of a good pho broth. Maybe it didn't have enough cloves, or star of anise, or even a balance of rock sugar and salt. It was almost like broth from a can. When I have a good broth, I hardly ever add the hoison sauce or Sriracha. I had to here to instill some flavor. Anyway, I won't be coming back.3 1/2 stars.  Pho has been hit or miss as of late, but more hits than not.  Hoagies are always good and make a cheap lunch.  The only other thing I have tried is the shrimp on sugarcane which was a definite miss.  
Everyone here is very nice and the service is great.I've been here three times and each time, I tried something different because I wanted to see if they can do better than just PHO.  So, if you want pho, get it here.  Their broth is flavorful.  I tried their bun bo hue; the broth is slightly flavorful but it lacked spiciness.  I do not recommend getting broken rice with grilled pork (com tam thit nuong) here.  Their rice is not broken rice, regular jasmine rice.  As for the pork, it was shredded; WHY?  It should be in cutlets.  There are too many vietnamese restaurants in Philadelphia for this place to be mediocre.  If you're not selling service, you must sell quality food.For $8 a bowl, I expect either a big portion or a good quality of pho. I got neither at Pho Cali. 
Don't get me wrong, the pho was okay but just okay. The bowls are really small compare to other pho places but the biggest thing for me was the laughable amount of meat that came with my pho. 
At the end of the meal, I left unsatisfied, hungry, and feeling cheated.I have ate at Pho Cali a few times previously, and they have always had that traditional taste to their broth, including their bun bo hue noodle soup (spicy beef noodle soup). Thank goodness for that! I also enjoy their prices although many years ago it all used to be cheaper, until pho and viet food became a popular and hip cuisine. I always really like their bun bo hue soup broth even though it isn't super spicy, but I always love that it isn't oily and full of fat! I had ordered one for my job since the heater was not working well and I was very cold. I didn't request for extra hot sauce or condiments, so I ate this without anything. Luckily, Pho Cali's bun bo hue is so tasty and flavorful that I honestly enjoyed it without using any extra sauce or anything. Thankful for the lunch I ordered, it was super hearty. It's very close to my job so that was nice since it's been so freezing cold out and I rather not walk far for food.Got takeout, but would be interested to go back and dine in. Good portion sizes and the pho ingredients were fresh.great food! I love the beef vermicelli. good prices too.Tripe may be over-hyped, but Pho Cali is not.  My friend raved about their Pho and tasty drink selections, so I put my tastebuds in his hands and he led me to the promised land of Vietnamese cuisine... the "mixed meat" Pho dish.  
To the unsuspecting diner, it may seem like a simple beef soup, but look a little closer... this cover special includes tripe and intestine... surprisingly, a safe way to venture out of your comfort zone of food.  And while I have decided to go back to my comfort zone when it comes to tripe and intestine (The texture ew!), I cannot get that amazing flavor of broth out of my mouth.  Add a little of the basil, bean sprouts, and hoisin sauce and the party has started in your mouth.  A messy party... so you may need a bib.
If you can handle any more flavor after that, try the iced coffee or the coconut drink.  Try and grab a seat by the window to look at the view of the Friendship Gate, you might just be able to overlook the so-so service.UPDATE: parking is a nightmare here so def opt for public transportation if you can. it just started getting warm again but this place was packed at 330pm on a saturday. i ordered the shrimp summer rolls and rare steak pho. they're def not stingy with their portions and the pho broth was better today (4/11/15) than my first time here. it's clean, the food is good and service is great. i will make the trip out here for future pho friend dates. 
OLD: after a long day of working outside in the freezing cold, my friend and i decided to grab some warm pho to end our day. it's small but quaint, clean and the staff is friendly. the pho was ok. my west coast taste buds are still getting acclimated to the east coast flavors. it wasn't bad...just different from the phos i've had in ca. i will be checking them out again.My girlfriend and I ate here on our way to the Market East train station this past Sunday for a nice early lunch. Both of us having somewhat massive hangovers, we felt a nice bowl of pho would do us well. 
The restaurant itself is small and quite intimate; a few tables stocked with the familiar Sriracha bottles, red peppers, soup spoons, and chop sticks. and definitely takes advantage of the small area. 
We were sat right away and almost immediately were greeted by a smiling server ready to take our order. We both ordered Pho, along with a shredded pork banh mi to share. 
Not long after ordering, our food came up, and was hot and fresh. The banh mi came on a traditional Philadelphia hoagie roll, a good sign in my opinion that this restaurant can take traditional Vietnamese dishes and adapt them to local specialties, which really defines the origins of both banh mi and pho. The pork was well seasoned and tender; and was definitely a nice choice, though I wish they had more traditional options, such as pate, though I wasn't disappointed with the order.
The Pho came in a large quantity, and had plenty of well cooked noodles and beef. While plentiful, it did seem to be a tad more bland than what I'm used to, and the beef was a bit overcooked. Definitely called for a bit more of an overload of Sriracha, peppers, and basil, all which came presented simply yet accessible on a plate fit for 2. 
I give this place 4 stars because of the service, which was quick and attentive (any time my drink was 1/3 gone, it was refilled within an instant - without asking) and the food came out quick, hot, and fresh. The prices were affordable as well - for two people both ordering pho along with a Banh Mi, our order came to about $20, all for a sit down lunch with great service in Center City Philadelphia.
 If you have a train to catch (right around the corner) or are looking for a quick lunch and don't feel like fighting the crowds of the Reading Terminal or any national brand close by, I highly recommend venturing to this little corner Pho shop for a hot bowl of goodness.Stopped in there last weekend with my brother. The service was very friendly and more then timely from the start, down to the finest detail of refilling water. 
I got the House Combo Pho, which was very good, and my brother got a more conventional philly type dish - a charboiled chicken hoagie. The food was of a very good size for the price. The pho was in a bowl about 6-8 inches high(about $7) and the hoagie was about a foot long($3.25). I'd definitely recommend as a drink, getting the lemonade soda with lime, which is there version of a sprite and a hell of alot better. Give it a couple of stirs when you get it to allow the lime flavor to sink in : ) 
All in all i'd rank this place a definite 5, great service and really good food quality and quantity to price ratios.Simple and no frills. Lunchtime is filled with business folks, construction workers and locals alike. Banh mi's are also $4.50- how could this NOt be awesome.I got introduced to this place a few years back and feel in love. Even though I get the same thing almost every time (grilled beef with egg noodle, soup on the side and one of the Vietnamese beers) I can't get enough. The service is quick, the food is on point and it's super cheap! Call me weird but I also like that when it's packed you have to sometimes sit at the same table as strangers. Whatever they're doing they're doing it right!There's surprisingly nothing vegetarian listed on the menu pho-wise, but ask for pho with tofu and veggie broth, and it will be served.  The tofu was a little on the dry side for my tastes.  The portions are good sized, but I wish there were more vegetables in the soup.  It's super crowded at lunch time, which I think must be a good sign if you're having non-veggie options.  We did, however, have to be seated right by the door which was not that fun since it was bitterly cold every time a new customer came in.I'm new to Pho, but I fell in love instantly. Due to this new love, I've been to several places in Philly and NJ, and Pho Cali is by far the best. Quick, delicious, cheap. You go home with a full belly and a full wallet. It's just feel-good food at a decent price.When Pho Cali first opened I heard fabulous things about it, but I was always a devote Pho75 fan.  Well Pho75 has been failing me lately !  ( go read my Pho75 review for more )  Then after a while I heard that Pho Cali wasn't so great anymore.  Well a few weeks ago.  It was a rainy MISERABLE butt numbing December afternoon, and my parents and I were making a group visit to the eye doctor on Arch Street.  We decided to just grab something HOT and quick.  So down the street to Pho Cali we went.  
Walking in this place I was turned off IMMEDIATELY.  Not that the decor was not good, or the restaurant was dirty.  It was the complete opposite for that matter.  The decor was tasteful, place was clean, and we were seated immediately even though it was PACKED, but that was the thing.  I loath eating in a place that's cramped AND packed.  I had my toddler with me and was expecting this experience to be a complete nightmare, but nightmare it was not!  The food came quickly, the staff was super friendly, and MOST importantly the pho was HOT HOT HOT!  The broth was great, and for once the noodles were NOT over cooked and mushy like most pho places.  It was a refreshing change !  It was only in the $20's for me and my parents to eat, so that was a plus also!  
But to all the Vietnamese cuisine novices out there.  If in the name of the restaurant basically tells you what they are specializing in . In this case PHO.  Do not order anything else BUT the Pho. You will be disappointed.Absent service, okay Vietnamese, typical atmosphere. Pretty standard.I like this place, price isn't too bad, great for some Vietnamese food. Really like it here. Was a great experience with my friends. Our first time here was amazing. We'll definitely come back.Wost restaurant ever. I regret giving this place on last chance since last experience was bad as well. I order Bun Bo Hue but it come out as something mix between pho and bun rieu which taste disgusting.  The owner or manager or whosoever was so rude. She keep glancing at me for whole time  and got mad when I ask for sa t, which cant be missing inBun Bo Hue. Stay away from this place. Horrible terrible!!!Super friendly staff--they've more than just pho and is a good place to bring my mother because she just has the summer rolls and doesn't have to deal with tripe or anything like I do.    The Vietnamese Hoagies or whatever they are are pretty yum too.  Anything on a baguette = love.  
I love that there's loads of Mexicans working here Latin music coming from the kitchen is completes the Vietnamese dining experience.LOVE this place. Delicious Pho...and the people are so sweet. They know our order as soon as we walk in. I think it's family-owned and the people are super sweet. Food is yummy. Great date night idea.What used to be an affordable, quick lunch is no longer.
Pho Cali was a great place to go grab a decent lunch, with quick service and very competitive prices.  Now, they've changed the look of their menu by adding a veggie Pho and making most dishes around $8+ each. 
Don't get me wrong, I love their pho, but if I'm going to pay these prices, I'm going to head over to Vietnam Restaurant.Surprise Surprise. 
I visited Pho Cali Vietnamese restaurant before, but that was in October 2013 in Atlantic City, NJ. Fast forward to November 2013, and here I was walking into Pho Cali again, not knowing that I've already been to the Atlantic City location a month earlier. I was trying to carb load the night before the 2013 Philadelphia marathon with a friend of mine. We strolled through Chinatown after getting our packets at the expo and noticed this place on 11/16/2013. I was like okay, why not, not dawning on me that it was the exactly the same restaurant, but they actually have 2 locations. It was unreal, when I saw their menu, and they had an Atlantic City location. It was shocking to say the least. Lol. But anyway, Pho Cali is a hidden gem in the heart of Philadelphia's Chinatown. While I already have had Pho in Philadelphia on my quest to have Pho in all 50 states, it was always good to have Pho anywhere at any time.
Pho Cali Vietnamese restaurant is centrally located on the intersection of Arch Street and 10th Street, in city center Philadelphia. Definitely a hidden gem for sure, the restaurant wasn't crowded when we went there  at about 6:30pm on a Saturday night. We sat at one of the tables on the left hand side of the restaurant. The service was quick and abrupt, as you may have known with Vietnamese restaurants anyway. They wait for you at your table till you decide to order. When they know you are indecisive, they just turn around and walk away and give you time to decide. It's just rude, but that's how the staff are most of the time. I ordered the deluxe combination Pho, whereas my marathoner friend, who was Vietnamese, rattled something off in Vietnamese, and the server disappeared off into the kitchen to plug in the order. The conversation here was good. The ambiance was good for Vietnamese, not too quiet, but not loud either, which was perfect. She ultimately got a rice plate with a meat of some sort, and shrimp summer rolls (or spring rolls, in this part of the country).
We both shared the shrimp rolls and it was good. It was made to order and not frozen cold to the touch. The Pho itself was served in a gigantic bowl, but only  1/2 of it was actual broth, meat, and vegetables. The bean sprouts they give is small and not real generous, along with the basil, but what can you do. I probably should have asked for more, but meh. I was tired and hungry. The broth was pretty good with flavor and there wasn't that much meat to begin with anyway.  The prices here are pretty reasonable, although you get what you pay for, which isn't really much. I would say that the Pho itself was pretty good and delicious, but it would be better with more noodles and meat, along with the more generous portion of bean sprouts and basil to make it an epic sized portion of Pho. Service, as mentioned before was okay. They refilled our water once before we finished our meals and we got up to pay. It took us maybe 30 minutes from sitting down to leaving. It was pretty quick.
They take credit cards, so that was pretty good. If you are in the mood for Vietnamese, you can give this place a shot, although there are a few places in Philadelphia Chinatown to try first before giving this place a shot. My overall experience was average. If you wanted a quick meal of Pho, this is your best bet. Simple and meaningful without overspending, this is your place to be. 
No muss or fuss.
Support local!
B-This is my family's go-to place for pho when we're in Chinatown, and I've only tried the pho here. We haven't tried the pho anyplace else in Chinatown, so I can't compare. The interior is on the smaller side, with a refrigerator of drinks next to the register. It's dimly lit and has a nice atmosphere.
Each order is a large bowl with a lot of bean sprouts, basil, lime, and jalapenos to add.  All the types of pho that I've tried are yummy, but nothing really stands out. I usually leave stuffed (especially if it's a cold day and I drink most of the broth). Overall, a nice place to get a standard bowl of pho.In a pinch, a rush, starving, have no where else to go ? this is the place but nothing more. It's packed due to the heavy lunch rush and it's location. Don''t make it a point to go to this place unless in desperate need as I first listed.Weak.
I was very unimpressed with my food here - the summer rolls were tiny and understuffed, the chicken in my pho was dry, and the broth was tasteless - needless to say I had to slam it with sriracha and all the fixings.  Service was a little slow - and there were only 3 other parties in the place at 6:30pm.
You're way better off going down the street to Vietnam, or heading down to 11th & Washington for Viet Huong or Nam Phuong.Price range at $8-$12, but serves subpar Vietnamese food.  If you're simply craving that Vietnamese flavor pho cali will do just fine, but if you want really great Vietnamese food with a soup containing that deep bone marrow flavor, this is not the place.  Their grilled beef with broken rice ($8.00) was very subpar and their house combo pho ($8.00) had low quality noodles.  Also, when I came there was barely any business so I kind of expect decent service.  Instead the owners and employees just sat at a corner table and napped/chatted.  My water was empty from beginning to end.  With an expansive Chinatown in Philly, there's not much reason to come here.It was perfect weather for pho. Rainy and not so nice. Some good warm soup was what I wanted to warm my bones. But unfortunately for me, I only had a few bucks on me, and Pho Cali's minimum credit card order was something like fifteen bucks. Blah. So instead, I got a bahn mi.
And while the taste was pretty good, the portion was pretty skimpy. Most of the time, a bahn me fills me up appropriately, but upon getting to my friends place, I devoured a bunch of hummus. Yeah, the four dollar price was nice, but raise it a buck and give us some more food. Or call it a bahn mi appetizer or something.I tried this place just for the fun of it. I started to another time, but had a change of heart at the last minute. So I take a seat and look over the menu and I got some pho. I think I'm forever spoiled by the customary teapot @Pho75 because now I'm really let down when I don't get one. Instead I ordered iced tea.
Okay now about the pho... on the side they gave me a half of a HALF of a lime. I'm used to at least getting a half. And I was given 2 slices of jalapeno (or was it chili pepper?) and bean sprouts, but NO LEAVES! When I eat pho I perform a ritual and I can't do ritual without the leaves (and the tea)! So I squeezed as much juice as I could from that 1/4 lime and added my hoison. They put more lime in my iced tea (the tea was great!) than on the garnish plate.
The bowl was a little bigger than what I'm used to, but it also costs a little more. It was good, but the vegetables were sparse. The leaves would've done so much justice. With a bigger bowl, there should be a bigger portion. There was enough meat for my satisfaction and the noodles were right. The extra broth was no substitute for the things that come standard at the other places I've been. I added the bean sprouts to the leftover broth, but it was just  too much.
I liked the atmosphere at Pho Cali. There were a number of business people on lunch in there. The chairs are a little more comfortable than what I'm used to and there was a variety of seating (tables for 2, 4, and high chairs at the windows).
I probably won't be back here for pho... maybe something else. I wanted to try one of their specialty drinks, but I was scared because when I asked them what's what I never know what they're talking about. I'm thankful they had iced tea and that it was good.I haven't had Vietnamese before, so I was looking forward to eating here, especially after hearing positive reviews from coworkers. One coworker mentioned it didn't compare to vietnamese he has had in the past but thought it was good. others were more positive. So, my take is the place is okay but it is far from great, regardless of how it compares to other Vietnamese restaurants. One big thigh for me is that I hate cilantro and their soups are loaded with cilantro. The rice noodles were great but the broth was no flavorful enough in my opinion. All that said, I would possibly (maybe) go back.
They have a minimum card charge, so being cash if you're going alone or with a party and want separate checks.Went there for dinner, the pho is a bit over price compare to other ones in the Chinatown area. The soup doesn't come with a lot of meat either, the spring rolls were ok, but once again smaller portion sizes than other vietnamese restaurants in the area. Service was not the most friendly but a good beer selection.I love this place. It's family owned and operated. The pho is consistently great. I've bounced around the menu but have landed on #2, the smaller of two house specials. When with a friend, a pair of spring rolls is a must. The shrimp rolls are delightful if you're fixing for fried goodness. They also
serve beer if you're thirsty.
Be aware that English is definitely a second language. The friendly woman is in charge and she understands more than she can return. It's ok to point at what you want on the menu. 
As it gets colder, check out Pho Cali for a steamy bowl of pho (they are open until 10 PM)!This is my favorite place to get pho in Philadelphia. The service is always fast and extremely attentive, and the food is fantastic. I'm not really a traditional pho person, but I do love me some bun (that sentence looks so embarrassing in English, I admit.) Anyway, "bun" is basically pho without the broth, and that works for me. I prefer the Bun Thjt Nuong, which is shredded pork and vegetables over vermicelli, or the Bun Cha Gio Thjt Nuong, which adds a fried spring roll into the mix.
Honorable mentions: great spring rolls, awesome Vietnamese iced coffee, and pretty decent bubble tea.
Along with ice water, hot tea is free with the meal -- but you have to ask for it.
I only took off one star because they have an annoying, arbitrary "minimum" for credit/debit card payments.