The PHS completely transformed this empty, gravel lot into a beautiful, garden oasis, overflowing with local microbrews and yuppies.  Right up my alley.  I'd love it if this space were kept this way, but I'll enjoy it while it lasts- all through the summer.  I fear that it'll become ungodly crowded once the word gets out, but this past Friday, it was about 95% full, with a great, chill atmosphere.  I'll be bock.  Er. back.PHS Pop Up - South Street is one of my favorite annual beer gardens. I love its constant evolution and consistent beauty. It's such a calm and welcoming place to visit in the summer.
They often have a pretty solid beer list. I believe Khyber Pass is now running the food scene, but I haven't eaten at the garden yet this year. Their drink prices are fair and there's usually a place to sit comfortably.
If you're in the South Street West area, it's definitely worth it to walk over and see what you think. Keep in mind that it's generally bro-city during weekend nights, just like many other places in the city. If you want extra room to breathe or a quieter atmosphere, go during the day.A beautiful beer garden with limited food options and a number of different drinks. That being said, I know the level of service in Philadelphia has become abysmal over the last few years with workers still expecting 20%+ tips for ignoring your or being outright rude but the dark haired, tattooed woman behind the bar was exceptional and took the Philly service vibe to a whole other level of horrible. Then she decided to turn the tablet around for me to sign and pay and entered a 20% tip in for herself. I understand having a bad day or being in a bad mood, but take the night off, or, leave your shit at home and do your job.The pop up garden is the hottest place to be....spiked root beer is bangiinnnnn....best bartenders/servers also...especially vagineeee :)This place is great! I love the relaxed atmosphere when I visited last Sunday. There are plenty of tables and seating arrangements to choose from, and umbrellas set up for some shade. I LOVED the cute decorations everywhere. The beer was reasonably priced- I tried the one called FU Sandy , which I really enjoyed. The people working there (security, bar, etc) were courteous. There was a mix of people there of all ages- and definitely family-friendly in my opinion. I will definitely be coming back many times before it closes in mid-October--- it's perfect for a relaxing sunny day and warm night!Super cute place with a good selection of drinks and awesome food. I ordered the watermelon cocktail and my friend got the pulled pork sandwich, both solid purchases! You have to sign up for a membership the first time you come (very simple aka give them an email) and you get a business card that you can keep/ show to enter on future visits. There are a decent amount of tables and two bars but since it's kinda small, it can get pretty crowded later in the night.Stopped by for Sips on Wednesday and the place was packed!. To get in, they make you sign up for their club and give you a ticket to bring back every time you go. They have one bar and one station for food. Wednesday specials are $4 sangria and certain beers. For food, they serve quesadillas, hot dogs, popcorn and guac and chips. The line for food was extremely long (approx 45 min). Overall, it's a nice place to stop by for some drinks with a large group of friends.Great place to just relax and enjoy good food, atmosphere, and meet great people.  I got a vegetarian sandwich which was amazing and the beer was good as well.  Stayed for about two hours just enjoying the weather!I miss the community space from last year. This garden is very small and creates an atmosphere of "everyone for themselves".  It's difficult to lounge and actually enjoy the space.  
Some of the bartenders are excellent- others make you wait. I waited an hour to get a drink on opening night. Now I wait 30-40 minutes to get a drink. I want to love the place, but I can't. I haven't had a good experience there. 
I find the drinks to be expensive, but I do like the watermelon beer that is served. Oh well, there's always next year if the city still allows beer gardens to exist.How awesome is this place! Seriously! This space has been transformed into this awesome back yard feeling hang out, with the convenience of a very reasonably priced bar a few steps away. 
They have the picnic benches, the umbrellas, and just an overall great vibe. For me who has no backyard myself this space was nice and cozy! They do have a limited menu of food, and a great selection of beers which does include a GLUTEN FREE cider...it's a Raspberry one and it isn't very sweet which is just how I like it if I am going to drink a cider. 
Really fast service so even though the place was pretty busy we didn't have to stand in line forever and they keep a but thing of water outside too so you can get water at your convenience. 
Also there were a ton of people in there with their dogs, so this is really a great place for everyone!First time to a pop up garden and I loved it! Great environment, a good enough selection of drinks (maybe more than 3 wine options for the night when wine will do the trick?) but a neat, clean and pleasant place to step out of the bar and into the garden! Looking forward to trying more of these!I've wanted to go here for a long time and my fiancé and I finally went with a friend. I love this low key outdoor hangout. All the beer was five dollars. The food isn't something I would get a lot but it works there. Can't wait to go back.Stopped in for a make shift happy hour a few days ago and thought it was a great venue to enjoy the weather. Beers were about 6 dollars and there was a $15 minimum for credit cards. I also tried to the BBQ Bacon popcorn and it was a good bar snack. I didn't take any bacon though... but overall a great place to just hang outThis is my first time at the 15th and South PHS Pop-up, as I understand it has been open for about 3 or 4 seasons.  (Since about the time I moved out of the city).
This PHS Pop-up is beautiful.  I remember going to ones in the past (such as the one on S. Broad) and all of them have been nice; however, this one takes the cake.
It is a beauty as far as the flowers and plants that adorn this lot.   Food this year is being done by Kyber Pass, which we did order a few snacks and found them to be good; however, not great.  
The drinks seemed to be great.  They were running a Margarita Monday promotion on this day and they were great tasting and a good value.  
Because of the surroundings and the cause it supports, I rank this garden a five!  I hope this concept for PHS is able to last for many years to come.5 for the space, 3 for the drink options, 4 for the overall ambiance. For it being a beer garden there were only two beers. Also about 3 cocktails. The bathroom facilities were really nice trailer type set-up, but without toilet paper, paper towels, or soap they quickly lost their luster.It's gorgeous and in the neighborhood, so I really can't complain. I love the idea and I think PHS is really doing a good job with these. However, here are my suggestions for improvement for next year:
I can't believe you have to pay for water. I mean it's a bar, free water should sort of be the norm. 
What's with all the kids? Unfortunately, this pop-up doesn't have a kids area like SSHP or the Oval do, so kids seriously just run around the tables. I had at least 2 bouncy balls chucked at my face in a 30 minute span. Again, I'm all for parents bringing their kids and I'm sure I will one day - but this place is NOT kid friendly. 
The seating situation isn't great for groups. It's just too competitive and awkward. A lot of savsies and uncomfortable "Are you still using this chair?" every 2 minutes. 
I also wish they had activities (cornhole, board games, etc.). It's basically just grab a beer and rush back to your picnic table. Repeat. 
Again, I still will go and I like it. Some great food trucks roll through and I think the decor is beautiful. Just a few improvements because there're more competition these days - which is a great problem to have.great outdoor space & seating options!This little hideaway is such a great spot. Kudos goes to the planners and PHS team that brought this together. 
We're headed back- this time for some Jamaican food and even craftier beers.Lots of dogs! And no size control. Some of hem were huge and one was always barking, it's not a place for people who are scared of dogs. 
Overall though, it was a great atmosphere and I enjoyed coming here last weekend during this beautiful weather. 
Their Mexican food was actually really good- I got a vegetarian burrito! It cost the same as a non-vegetarian burrito, which I hope they'll fix down the line. The rice was so yum and a little limey, and the ratio of beans to cheese to salsa was perfect. 
Their margaritas were not so good (REALLY sour and salty), but I should have known better and opted for a beer-duh.I eagerly wait for the summer beer gardens to pop up all year. I've seen three renditions of this one at South Street and I think it's consistently delivered a nice, low-key environment to grab a few drinks with friends. I approve of the decision this year to move the bar up front and to make it much longer, making the drink-ordering process less frustrating. The draft beer selection isn't bad at all considering it is an outdoor facility. Another nod of approval for the sunscreen they provide! I didn't see bug spray in the baskets but would love to have that available as well!Phs.org Philadelphia Horticultural Society's POP UP GARDEN  is still open. I'm planning to visit this area. The lady who picks up the call  and also mentioned that the park was located in different locations. yippee! Thank gawd it aint closed like yelpers reported! Bcus I need to check this place out! Look at the pics- doesn't it look fun and inviting as a park? Hello.  :-PThis is a great place to stop by for a cold beer and people watch. Beers are moderately priced at $6 for 12 oz glass. No e atmosphere, needs more shade.This garden is an incredibly unique place to grab a beer and some Garces grub while lounging around with friends.  The atmosphere is unlike anywhere else in the city.  It's filled with a mix of mismatched furniture, picnic benches, leveled seating, and yet somehow it all looks like it's meant to be there.  The lights strung throughout make this a great place to hang out once the sun goes down. 
Prices are reasonable for the portions and the quality of the food you get.  I highly recommend the braised short rib sandwich.  The beers are expensive but you're paying for the atmosphere too.
Definitely check this place out before the weather closes it up for winter.Such a dreamy experience! Good job PHS turning a vacant lot into a dreamy, light filled garden oasis. 
Tip: try the vegan meatball sandwich
Last tip: nothing is served in a glass so some drink items feel slightly over priced for what's served. 
Overall- lovely atmosphere 
Last, last tip: Bug Spray!!!Really cool place! I love outdoor drinking, so this is one of my go-to spots. The beer selection is good, and the prices are reasonable at $5 a pop. I was glad that the broke out the fall beers a few weeks ago, and they had a pumpkin beer and an oktoberfest. Delicious!
This place is managed by the Horticultural Society, so the landscaping is obviously beautiful. They have a good amount of seating with some picnic tables and wooden steps towards the back of the place. The one drawback is the limited selection of food. The have a couple sandwiches to choose from and some snacks like guac or pretzel bites, but I need food with more substance, especially if I plan to be here for hours sipping beers which is usually the case.
Make sure you come soon, because I'm pretty sure they'll be closing up shop by the end of the month :(I am so happy this Pop Up is back! They have made some major changes and it's working so well. They have more long tables and got rid of a couple of the more private seating areas. It really opened up the space and it looks great. Obviously, the landscaping is beautiful. The beers are excellent and it doesn't seem as packed as last year. :)Fresh little place to grab a drink and end up on the PHS mailing list. Food is mediocre but the ambience and chance to enjoy being outside with some of your closest friends having beer makes this place worth it. Plenty of seating/room for big groups and sometimes they host classes such as succulent DIYGreat place...love the pop up beer gardens (although independence beer garden is my fav) this is good. Bocci...table tennis...hammocks...cargo nets over river are cool.  Drinks are a little pricey.Absolutely love this pop up beer garden. Lots of shaded areas, seating and dog friendly. Besides beer they serve some really yummy margaritas and mixed drinks. They're next to Jamaican jerk hut so you can get food from there or the back bar. Brought my dogs here a few times and it was great.Such a beautifully natural, magical, atmospheric meeting place in the midst of the Philadelphia concrete jungle. Perfect for a date, casual meetup with friends or family, or a festive gathering. The woman who does the garden design every year is a total magician and I would love to meet her and have her design my dream home gardens someday. So many pretty touches everywhere you look and cozy conversation nooks to enjoy. 
I'd love to see their season extend into the more pleasant months of spring and fall & some lighter, fresher food options like tacos or salads 
Love this place.First time in Philly and ended a business meeting early. Ran into PHS and a fantastic setting.If it weren't for the disrespectful and completely unwelcoming bartenders here, this place would be a great spot. Unfortunately the poor service overshadows every nice quality this beer garden offers. One piece of advice to PHS next year -- hire a new staff because you are for sure losing business due to your current one.Someone told me that this garden was fabulous. It's ok. I was expecting more. YOU can't get to talkie in it, they have garden patrol who will ask you to get off your cell or keep it down. NOT a place for children to romp around and get all loud. It's for meditation...............
It doesn't have a lot of color............ The ponds for the fish are small or the fish are big for the pond..............
The Restaurant across the street with the same name is good.It's back! 
A well decorated, little garden filled with beer, food, dogs and sweaty runners.I've walked past this so many times and each time I go "I really want to go here!" but I'm usually on my way to meet someone.  I finally made it here this past weekend.  Twice.  
Friday night we arrived and it was packed, we grabbed our drinks and managed to find people getting up at the end of a picnic table.  We snagged their seats and settled in.  The atmosphere is very relaxed and fun.  They played a ton of good music and the drinks were good.  I wish I liked beer more, because the only other options for drinks were a sauvignon blanc or a mango margarita.  I started with the wine but was not thrilled with it and after tasting a friend's mango margarita, I switched to that.  
We headed over again on Saturday and got seats on the stack of wooden palettes in the back of the lot.  I felt a little goofy at first, seeing as how I'm 31 not 21 anymore, but once I got over that, it was actually nice.  We had a great view of the space and weren't bothered by people constantly walking in front of us. Although my butt did start to hurt from sitting there after a while.  We bought a few snacks and I really liked all of them.  We got the ice cream sandwich, the pie in a jar, and the chorizo sausage appetizer.  The pie in the jar was a delicious strawberry basil pie and had the perfect balance of flavors.  The chipwich was a little too dark chocolatey for my tastes, but still good, and the chorizo was amazing, of course.
Overall, great location, really good drinks, and awesome snacks.  I already can't wait to go back.This place is great!  Good beers for $5, lots of seating, and a late 20s/early 30s crowd except for the occasional infant.  It seems to get packed in the evening when the weather is nice, but I hear it's more open on weekend afternoons.  I hope to make a few trips this summer.This place is adorable. Taking an abandoned lot and turning it into a beer garden was a great idea, and I love that it's dog friendly. The pallet seating was clever, the lights added ambiance, and I ended up being really glad that I insisted my group of friends stop in last weekend. However, for being "Jose Garces" catering, the food is underwhelming. We got a hot dog that was definitely on a bun that came right out of a grocery store bag and was slathered in some fake cheese sauce too. It honestly wasn't worth the money or the calories. Whatever else we wanted, they were out of, so oh well. I love that the beers are local, but $5 is also a little stiff for a Yards. Anyways, I'm glad we went and I think it's a fabulous idea for a pop-up. I hope it comes back next year!Phenomenal environment for summer for a chat during an afternoon. Liked their beer selection, great patio. It was also pet friendly which is a huge plus! Would definitely recommend any one who needs a feel of an oasis right inside the city!Pretty incredible that you could label something right on a busy block of South Broad Street a "hidden gem", but they've done a great job in transforming this lot into a full-fledged beer garden, complete with Garces catering.Hosted a private work event here last week. Great place to get a large group together for any team building or celebratory event. They let us take it over before it was open to the public for 4 hours. Suzanne, the event manager is flexible and timely. Ashley and Justin, the venue managers made us feel at home. Great venue. Great drinks/food. 
Plenty of shade on a hot day as well for guest that can't do heat. Veggie options for food. Special menu additions were recommended. Very accommodation.
...And they blast the AC in the bathrooms so your experience is truly refreshing.Can someone tell me why PHS can't manage to wake up earlier on the weekends and get the Pop Up Garden open before 1 PM on Saturdays? It would be nice to look at the plants before the oppressive, sweltering heat kicks in from the other side of the chain link fence.
It's not like the plants are hungover...This place is a breath of fresh air, a summer breeze gently caressing you.  Philadelphia is so short on large outdoor open spaces where one can imbibe that this pop up garden seems like a little gift.  A little green summer gift.  Drinking and eating here, you feel like you are at a friend's large gorgeous outdoor space.  Lights strung up above, vintage outdoor chairs strewn with colorful cushions and bright umbrellas - it is lovely - order up a brew or two (or more), some snacks courtesy of Garces Catering, sit back relax and enjoy.
This place is perfect to congregate with a large group of friends and have ample space to spread out, sit around, laugh and catch up.  It is clean, peaceful, the portable AIR CONDITIONED bathrooms are so nice it surprises you, seating a plenty and the crowd is mellow.  Nice.
Snacks are a wee bit expensive, and I wished that they served up some vino, but otherwise draft selection is varied, mostly local and they do serve up the spiked root beer that I must return for!  Either way, this should be your summer 2013 destination, especially considering that it's temporary (wahhhh!)
Also, I must note for the record (and not to discourage other people from coming here) that this place is perfect for kiddos too, plenty of room to roam about and be outside.  Now that I'm part of the parental world I was able bring the babe here, hang for three hours without so much of a worry or fuss (and still be able to have a drink, relax and hang - now that's rare)!I'm obsessed with the Pop Up Garden.  Such a great idea with an incredible atmosphere.  It's been decorated so nicely with lights, tables, and wooden structures to sit on, that you don't realize you're sitting in an abandoned lot.
I didn't try the food while I was there, but it seemed reasonable, and considering it's Garces Catering, I imagine it's good.  Their beer selection is good, featuring the "normal" draughts, along with a cider and a delicious pumpkin ale.
I'm not sure when exactly it is closing for the season, but try to get there in the next couple weeks!  It's a must-do.Hanging out in South Philly with your pups and need a spot to stop in for some food and drinks? This is it! The fact that the drinks were great and it is 100% dog-friendly really makes this a game changer for my Philadelphia bar scene. I will be coming here all season! The service is quick, crowd is kind and there is plenty of seating even for huge groups. Plus, can you beat the ambiance of a well-lit and hipster style pop-up with XL Jenga?! I don't think so!Love this place! Cute little hideaway just past Broad St. There was plenty of outdoor seating, and you can bring your dogs too.So fun! The cocktails aren't strong and groups bigger than two or three might have trouble finding seats on a Saturday night, but the area is beautiful and laid back and fun.This place was amazing last year but this year the line is so unbelievably slow. At least 30 minutes for a beer. I hope they figure out what the problem is because it's brutal and ruins the entire experience at this otherwise great placeThe PHS pop up garden is always a great feature of the Philly summer. This year their addition of the mobile beer garden has spiced up the flavor. Local beers and a great ambiance allow for conversation to flow as well as the drinks. Bathed under the lights of the kimmel center is the best place to bring your own dinner, sit back, relax, and enjoy the company of friends.
My friends Laura and Jeff have been here three of the past four nights.What an adorable, gorgeous place! The photos of the venue say it all. Try the raspberry beer. It gets super crowded on weekend nights and the line for beer exceeds a 15 min wait at times, so I prefer to go on a weeknight when it's a little less crowded and you're sure to find seating.This is a great casual beer garden, you can bring dogs and kids here. They have food and drinks, I love coming here with big groups and just sitting outside.Atmosphere: magical- don't miss this green dream
Drinks: cocktails were unbelievably priced (6 drinks for $40)
Service: Never had to wait in line/ casual and calm on a Sunday afternoon 
Food: didn't have but smells are enticing
FYI- the bathroom is a really suped up trailer of nice toilets, dj is pumping cool tunes, dogs and babies are welcome, inter-generational crowd (you have you check in and receive a PHS pop-up garden card for the season free of charge)
Go or don't go: go, go again, bring your friends and family. Best outdoor beer garden in PHILLY.Love the good vibe, beer, and sitting outside. Amazing use of vacant lot. Wish I can spend more time here!Tried out the south street location on a busy Friday afternoon - very crowded, strollers blocking access everywhere, but lovely spot, good drinks, and nice staff!Great atmosphere. Lousy beer selection. I expected some great local beers on draft, didn't find any except one from Yards and a bunch average big box distributors. This place has great atmosphere just don't expect interesting beer.As the weather has started to cool, this is an ideal place to grab a beer and sit outside.  Had two beers with my wife and dog.  Then got a roasted turkey sandwich.  Every part of it was good.  The beer prices ($5) is reasonable for the ambiance and experience.  The sandwich was $10 which I thought was a little high at first, but as the sandwich was delicious I will actually try to get back to have another.  
Overall an awesome place to hang out. 
One weird thing, is that there were no recycling bins which seemed counter to the concept of an organization that uses empty spaces and turns them into psuedo green spaces.I prefer last years location and decor . The concept is still pretty awesome I just don't think that the PHS did as good a job on this years space.
This end of south street is very up and coming and there are plenty or better options with outdoor seating, drinks and snacks .
Not a fan but it doesn't deserve less than 3 stars. 
I probably won't go back this summerI feel bad-- lately I've been going places that have all 4-5 star reviews and I'm just not getting it-- not the service, not the food quality, not the beer :( am i getting old and fogeyish?
At any rate, I love the PHS pop Up Garden set up, the people who work there are pleasant, the busboys are practically waiting for you to put your empty cup down so they can whisk it away, BUT.
But the food is a little too fancy and not enough filling for me.
But the beers were ALL ales, hoppy and bitter. (or a raspberry lambic that tasted like red wine vinegar). Not a lager, tripel or kolsch  in sight. I had to go with $7 frozen strawberry margaritas from a machine. not worth it at all--  the same size slurpee is only 89 cents and tastes way better (and probably has the same alcohol content) :/
It was wonderful to have a nice place to sit in the sun and feel the cool breeze. It's kind of awesome how you might not even know the PHS Garden is there until you walk by it. I really like the wall of seats and the luxury Trailer Port-a-Potty. I even like that they make you get a membership (which then gets you and 7 other people in whenever). 
Not so much liking the "anyone can bring a dog" in rule-- but I don't blame the dogs, it's just some of these owners are idiots.  Likewise, not a huge fan of the "kids can come, too" rule-- but then, it's not the kids' fault that their parents are oblivious. I very definitely believe people should be allowed to bring their kids and/or dogs, it IS a garden. However, I think there should be a flagging standard for people who lack control of said children/animals and/or expect other people to to tolerate (and sometimes laugh at) exceptional wildness/rudeness/brattiness. Maybe weekends are just a bad time to go, though?
So for me, the Garden was nice to sit and enjoy the weather, but I can't eat there because there's nothing to fill me up and I can't even get a beer because the trend is Ale and none of these "cool"  spots ever seem to sell a lager anymore... Obviously, if you love fancy, light eats and bitter hoppy beers you will absolutely adore this place and give it 5 stars. I would argue that it is not heaven for everyone, though, and since they have nothing for me, I can only really give it stars based on the fantastic setup and backyard ambience :/This place is simply fantastic. So I confess - I like beer...a lot. I like sitting outside too. I like doing both of those things simultaneously. l also love being up-to-date on what new restaurants or bars are opening up in the neighborhood and this one happily caught me by surprise. Just walking down Broad Street and there it was - an outdoor beer garden. It replaced some trapeze lessons (at least I think it did) in a previously vacant lot - so even if it was just a beer/food cart I would have been happy about it. This, however, was totally unexpected - tables, an interesting "treehouse" like sitting area in the way back, umbrellas, even some landscaping. Casual and great for people-watching.
A great selection of local beers - including Victory Summer Love, Yards Philly Pale Ale. All 5 bucks. 
Only downside is - they run out of food pretty quickly. And good food too apparently - all from Jose Garces Catering (Amada, Distrito, Village Whiskey, etc). To me though, beer is food so I wasn't too offended. We were able to get some of the manchego cheese w/ lavender honey (simple but hit the damn spot), chorizo, and some pretzel bites. 
Around until October 2013 I'm hearing and open every night. I only wish it would stay there permanently. Give it a try.Always a great time and you can bring your dog. Friendly people and not overly pricedThis is the best of the beer gardens in the city. The vibe is chill, the layout is awesome. And they added a second bar this year. Check it out, especially during the day, before the big crowds arrive.The pop up garden has everything you want from an outdoor BBQ- minus the annoying chatter with odd family members. Beer, food, great music, and awesome seating. This place is super chill and makes the city feel less urban. This is my summer oasis when I can't get to the burbs for camping and swimming.PHS is back with its 2014 Pop Up Beer Garden. South of last year's location, opening night was packed but the deep lot did a swell job at accommodating the masses. Seating is more eclectic than last year, with hammocks, naturally. This is the summer of hammocks, I am calling it. 
There is only one bar, so grabbing a drink is not so easy when its packed. Beers are $6, and in the rush were not filled to the top! I bet they will work on that as the get used the the crowds. 
Besides the hammocks, and the outdoor drinking on South Street, I think the coolest part is that you can order Jamaican Jerk Hut food from a window in the back of the lot.My family and I did a pop-up beer garden crawl this past weekend, and this was our second favorite spot. The space is huge, which is nice since it got crowded around 10-11. Love the atmosphere - from the Adirondack chairs to the intimate couches to the twinkle lights - everything set the tone for a relaxed, yet fun night. The food was okay - nothing great, but I've had worse. I do like the window into the Jamaican Jerk Hut and plan to hit that next time. Overall, love this place and will be back!This has been my favorite pop up so far. It is absolutely beautiful. The Philadelphia Horticultural Society put a lot of work into this pop up. It's an enclosed space with separate 'rooms' of the tables in it for a little bit of privacy. Most of the draft are my favorite types of fruity beers and ales. PERFECT summer beers. Honestly, I was looking around thinking of how beautiful of a wedding reception place it would make. :) I only wish they had a better food selection.Drinks were great and on Wednesday's, amazing prices! $5 sangria I can get behind! 
Have to go with 3 Stars, however, because all good happy hours have tasty, and reasonably priced, bar snacks/appetizers. $8 for chips and guacamole? And no happy hour snack specials?? Big loss. 
If I come back, it will have to be on a full stomach :/The PHS Pop Up Garden on South Street is really on a pop-up in the sense that it's not there year round. The 2016 structure is gorgeous and looks permanent! 
A new year brings extra seating, swanky cabanas and décor that seriously looks like it'll be there for the long haul. They did a great job of setting it up. 
In both visits thus far this year, the atmosphere is so relaxed. Every patron I've interacted with has been courteous. The tables are communal, and it's nice that everyone has been asking about seats instead of stealing spots or just plopping down. They even had staff walk around picking up trash and offering to take beer orders. Very nice touch. 
My biggest gripe unfortunately is the beer list. I've seen better. It's not bad per say, but it's just fairly ordinary. Although sometimes it's nice to have a beer that you would otherwise overlook. I found myself enjoying the Lagunitas Lil Sumpin Sumpin last night, and probably wouldn't have ordered that from a more detailed list.  
I also miss the food trucks a bit. The garden is now being catered by Khyber Pass/Whole Foods. They did have a $2 chips and salsa special for Monday night. It came with two different kinds of salsa and a ton of chips. Call me impressed. The menu overall just seemed a bit limited. 
In terms of enjoy-ability, it's definitely in the running for my numero uno beer garden so far in 2016.Really great scene.  Yuppies and Pros galore.  But I had to dip out because the beers of the night were: Coors light and Hell or High Watermelon.  No thank you.  Cocktails sounded nice, but sweet punchy.  Food trucks with Jerk chicken and cheese stuff.
Bottom line: The guys were cute. and they had hammocks.  So check it out.  Maybe the beer will be better.Pop Up gardens are awesome additions to the Philly summer scene! This location is no exception. Great atmosphere, open seating, and pretty tasty bites from local vendors.
This year's arrangement created more ground space to accommodate more guests, but my stamina for standing long periods of time was low which detracted from the overall experience.
Drinks were tasty but really overpriced. Got a sangria drink in a (very) small cup for $8, $12 for a larger upgrade. Fortunately, the food was a redeeming factor. Ordered two specialty hot dog banh mi which were both very tasty with some parmesan fries. Really affordable and filling.Fab space. Well laid out. Easily over 150 people here and it doesn't feel crowded. 
Luckily we had reserved seating at long tables in the back because we were participating in Philly Nerd Night. 
 I must say it was very comfortable on a cool summer evening under the trees. 
I feel terrible not being able to give a comprehensive review of the beer situation because both of us got lites. 
What  I saw from our group which totaled over 45 people, it looked like everybody was happy with the beer selection.
The food was pretty good for an outdoor beer garden.  I got the sausage snack platter which had sausage and pita corners. and water crackers and little teeny teeny pickles. I enjoyed it. 
The honey got a sausage sandwich which he enjoyed. 
It's a beautiful space and the only improvement I can see is to hire more beer staff. 
They would sell a ton more beer if the weight in line didn't exceed 20 minutes.This location on Broad street made me laugh. How did I not see this?!? It was very pleasant outside. Try the spiked root beer drink! It doesn't even taste spiked. Dangerous!!! There are lots of picnic tables and a fun "wall" of stadium seating with cushions.
The bathroom trailer is kick-ass. I know my enthusiasm for a bathroom is odd, but this is a nice 2-stalled CLEAN and COOL bathroom! It is air-conditioned and glorious for a "porta-potty." Yes, they flush. So, when you decide to break the seal after your many beverages, no worries.The pop up beer garden is still an awesome space to go when the weather is nice and a cold drink is needed. I love the ambiance and they definitely have improved it since my last review in 2015. The drink options are definitely better than they once were and I loved the bartram drink I had which was gin with refreshing cucumber and lemon. 
My grievances with the place:
- That damn huge stamp they put on your hand when you walk in. No, you can't have it on the inside of your wrist. Just on your hand. Maybe this is silly to complain about but it is so obnoxious and I had to scrub it multiple times before it would come off so I didn't look unprofessional at work the next day. I don't think many underage people are sneaking in here, so I'm not sure why this is the hard and fast rule. 
- The food is just not good. We paid 7 dollars for chips and guac which was essentially the same as a Chipotle sized portion of guac only more expensive. The chip to guac ratio was laughable. Hot food also takes forever, is pricey, and not very tasty. 
- 15 dollar card minimum. This is better than cash only, but still quite annoying if you just want one drink. Especially when it's happy hour and the drinks are cheaper, it's difficult to get up to the card minimum. 
Still a solid staple but could use even more improvement!This meat and cheese was 19 dollars. Albeit, we did eat some of the cheese but the meat was 5 dollars in addition. 5 dollars for ACME ham and salami. I could buy double this for well under 5 dollars. I'm not just here to complain about the food. The service when you walk in requires you to provide personal information for a "pass". NOT to come back later but for you to actually get in. The actual bartenders are great, actually, the only reason I gave it  1/2 star. But the customers, oh the customers . Dogs, please, you don't understand that your dog is hating this and wants go home no matter how much attention you're getting? Your goats? You were handed A GOAT and don't understand that goats are not, idk, made for beer gardens? (I'm a vet student, not some righteous goat enthusiast).  1/2 Star to the ambience minus all the people, dogs, and goats. Go to Bob and Barbara's. Even if you feel uncomfortable with being not as hip as a person that goes to a beer garden, you will feel much more comfortable spending 3 instead of 10 dollars on a corona in a place where you can be yourself.Was here last week for a drink after work around 5;30. Plenty of sunny spots and plenty of shady spots. Seats are hard to come by but with patience they come. We ended up facing the entrance on the high bar area. 
Plenty of beer selection, I opted for the frozen mojoto because I couldn't resist sans syrup flavor-but they have the option and plenty of cocktails. I was there for drinks but there were snack food options from Royal tavern
4 stars for the ambiance, and ease of getting in
But also for lack of happy hour, and no credit cards under 20$(at a bar that's crazy)First time flier and fairly new to the pop-up scene but loving it. This place is totally unexpected, in a seriously awesome way. Good atmosphere, pretty good crowd, and fairly priced beverages. Anddddd there's grub too! Beware of the cash only rule though, as I was not adequately prepared and I don't believe they have an ATM. 
My only beef with this location is the fact that people don't clean up their trash after they depart from their table. At first I thought there was not enough visible trashcans, then I looked to my left and I looked to my right and saw two .... Not necessarily a problem with the place though.
Hope to return for sure.Beer gardens are my new obsession. I mean... your outside, with good vibes, usually fun decor, good music, in a garden, with good food, some games,  lawn chairs... lets just call it heaven.
PHS Pop Up Garden is in the midst of an otherwise quiet neighborhood, and you may just think its a backyard party if you didn't know it was there. The yard is beautiful, with big trees, lots of seating (Both in shade, under trees, or out in sun). There's big picnic tables, farmers tables, stumps, lawn chairs, 2 bars. It's like a magic garden with fun surprises, great decor (pillows, flowers). There's board games, live music.. it's everything you could want. . Overall, the vibe is low key, casual, comfortable.  It's fun to look around and I honestly could spend hours here.
 Also, did I say Dogs? There may have been more dogs than humans, which is an automatic 5/5. 
My favorite thing was the watermelon vodka drink... and all their other cocktails. While they are a beer garden, their cocktails were what sold me. While we didn't get food, they had a lot of Mexican food options that looked delicious.Very cool setting but extremely overpriced for the drinks. The cocktails come in tiny plastic cups and run you $10-13 each. I wouldn't come here as much if I didn't love the garden.I know some people think it's too crowded, or over priced, or the food isn't great. 
COME ON PEOPLE. this used to be an EMPTY LOT! Yes, you're not chowing down on Jose Garces caliber eats but if that's what you're looking for go to one of his restaurants. This Pop Up Garden is the best yet, and has truly transformed a previously depressed area on Broad Street.
Stop in for a beer or two and some great time with friends. And the snacks aint too bad either!Super fun! Came here with my husband and 2 kids before the evening rush for a couple of drinks. We LOVED the space and place. We all had a seat and felt comfortable. Very close to good dinner sports but the food offered at the restaurant last Omer really good.Pleasant, nice in the evening, plenty of outdoor seating.  I didn't try the food but I tried the Sly Fox Pilsner.  It was alright.  Fun night out with friends. They set aside a reserved area for our large group, which was great.  Waitress was very helpful, though scantilly clad.  Dogs allowed, yay.I love the phs pop up garden.  Checked it out last year and again this year.  Great atmosphere here!  I love taking advantage of outdoor spaces!  This year it is in the lot next to the Jamaican Jerk Hut on 15th and South.  You can get good food from the Jamaican Jerk Hut or the rotating food trucks that come to the park.  They offer beer and cocktails appropriate for the summer time.  You have got to take advantage of this during the summer while you still have time.