If you love piles of thick cut ronicups this is your spot.  They certainly did not skip on the pepperoni on the Round and it was a flavorful chewy bite.  The Detroit while smaller is a dense flavor bomb of buttery cheesy goodness. I am sure it will reheat well as I am very full after 2 slices of the Round and one Detroit.  
Why did I order 2 pies for one? Because I have been stalking their Instagram for months and finally got slotted.  They have only been open a few weeks in Manuyunk but they use the same slotted system from their at-home quarantine shop.  
Set your alarm for 7:55pm Sunday night as the link for the slots for that week drop at 8:00 and are full by 8:10.   Thursday Friday Saturday only for now.  Very limited walk ups.  Check the website for the deets.  
Well done Pizza Jawn.  Worth the trip from center city and I will be back with friends to try the Grandmom which is rumored to be a gut buster.I don't wanna be that guy, but I did time in Brooklyn. I love pizza. I try to make pizzas. I think I know pizzas. I have had L&B, Patsy, DiFara, Totonna's, Lucalli, Grimaldi's, blah, blah, blah, etc. Anyway. I am in Philly now, and I have found my spot. You want pictures? Good luck, we ate the grandma and detroit style pizza before anyone had time to get a shot. It's the time of covid and order is hard, but you have to order a week out in advance (i am fine with, i know i will have pizza once or twice a week, if not more!) I havent tried their round pizza, but you're up next week Pizza Jawn! Also, David is quick to email ya with any questions about order and shirts.The new kid on the block is also the toughest ticket in town to get.  The much anticipated, highly touted, Pizza Jawn is here for a brick and mortar experience in Roxborough.
After quite some time spent on social media following their insta I was able to learn how and more importantly when to reserve a slot for a pie correctly.
When the reservation link goes out it's only a couple of minutes before all slots fill for Thursday, Friday and Saturday.  Luckily I was able to snag a grandma pie for Thursday at 8:45 their second weekend open.
Cash only I rolled up at 8:23 and was happily greeted and given my pie.  A couple minute car ride back up the hill and the pizza was still hot when I had it at home.  This was the grandma style with pepperoni and hot honey coming in at $29.  Now that may seem steep but this thing had the weight of Al Capone's safe as I was walking it out the store...it was dense.
I throughly enjoyed it and will say it's worth the hype. I def want to get back there and try the Detroit style and possibly regular style as well.
I'll say since I had it before I wouldn't wait in line but if I was a first timer I might consider lining up in person.  I'm so glad Manayunk has finally nabbed a gem like when other parts of the city have been so lucky to have Angelos, Beddia, and Taconellis amongst others.Worth waiting in a line wrapping several blocks, check! Best pizza I've ever had? Not quite but it was a busy first day for them so I'll have to try try again (and by no means was I disappointed in their pizza). Don't let COVID scare you away!Review based solely off cheesesteak which was meh.  Nothing to write home about.  Also was barely warm.There was a lot of hype around this Manayunk Pizza spot. You need to order it a week in advance and they sell out so fast that you don't really get to pick what you want. The only Pizza that was left available was Detroit style. It was good pizza but I didn't think it was worth waiting a week for. It is difficult to plan out a week in advance when you are going to have pizza because one of the best parts pizza is the convenience of it. I don't know if I would buy again if they continue the week out model, would definitely buy again if they ever moved to a more normal pizza experience. Not a bad pie though but has anyone ever really had bad pizza?I've gotten 6 pizzas here since they opened. 3 grandma, a circle and a square. The first three were delicious. Grandma was the best with the sesame crust. 
However, the last two pizza I got were scorched on the bottom. Couldn't even chew the bottom of the crust. These two pies were ordered towards the end of the night, so maybe the oven gets too hot? Try and order earlier in the night.Got another slot for ordering last week. This time we got a plain Detroit, another Detroit with Pepperoni, and a classic round Margherita. All were excellent and finished off again in one sitting.  But this time I took some photos before it was all gone.We just moved into the neighborhood and this spot was recommended.  ordered the grandmas but was notified it will be replaced with something else via email ( was hit with snow storm so they were short on ingredients). So I'm not sure if that's how their pizza is supposed to be but our pizza was really burnt. To the pt where even the cheese was really crispy and hard to swallow.  Felt bad for my son cause he was so excited to try it as well :( The marinara and crust was good though...Asides annoying ordering ordeal, it's kind of worth it. Partly because a lot of places that makes Pizza don't know how to make a pizza, or even know how to control fire. And no, Do**nos is not a pizza, you are eating a cardboard and grease. Next time you order Do**nos, try the cardboard box that your pizza came in with. It will taste exactly the same. (No don't try it, I'm being sarcastic).
Decent brick-oven job. You won't regret spending extra few bucks on pizza. it's worth it.We have been getting take out from here weekly since they opened up shop in Manayunk. It is hands down our favorite pizza in the Philly area.   Pick up is always super easy and pretty much on schedule, everyone who works there is super nice and helpful and the pizza is perfection. My 7 year old - who is the pickiest critic on the planet - says it is divine and the only thing better than Pizza Jawn is life.   Don't sleep on the pepperoni!I cannot believe there are only 16 (now 17) reviews for this place. It is straight up the best pizza in philly. I got takeout from Tacanelli's last week (many consider to be the best in philly) and takeout from Pizza Jawn the following night. T was disgusting, flavorless crust. Everything about PJ is exceptional. I used to get just the pepperoni on the Round pie. I'd save the 
crust to dip in olive oil, like serious italian bread. Then I moved over to the grandma pie. The sesame seed crust is unreal. Seriously, the only comparable pizza I've had is the top notch places in Manhattan. 
It's difficult to order. But that's the price for this quality pie. I'd even go so far as to give it one Michelin star; that is, a restaurant worth visiting the city for. Do yourself a favor and plan for takeout pizza seven days in advance. It's just the best.I was so excited to try Pizza Jawn and was finally able to secure a spot for pickup. I ordered 2 pies: NY Hybrid with cheese and pepperoni and the Detroit Margherita. Compared to some of the other pizza spots I've been to, I was not impressed with Pizza Jawn. 
The Detroit was a disappointment. The sauce was way too sweet that I ended up wiping away most of it and the basil didn't taste fresh. The dough and crust was pretty good though. I also thought $23 is a bit overpriced. 
The NY Hybrid was better than the Detroit but was nothing to rave about. It tasted somewhat bland and there was barely any cheese on it. 
It's a decent pizza spot in Manayunk but not the best in Philly overall.My partner brought home about 4 slices from her friend's house for me to try because she knows I used to stay up late with my phone's blue light shining against my face in the dark before going to sleep, staring at Pizza Jawn pictures. 2 grandma's slices, and 2 plain/margarita? They were pretty much exactly what I pictured but with slightly more flavor. The sauce was slightly tangy, seeded crust was a great distinction from other pizzas, cheese was high quality, and GREAT pepperoni. I kind of want to rate it a 4 due to the difficulties with ordering, but I understand that this is caused by how good they are. Gift and a curse.The grandma is actually the best pizza I've ever had. The sesame seeds on the bottom are fantastic, and the crust is incredible. So soft, so chewy. We got a round margarita pizza as well and that was also delicious. The cheesesteak was great too. However the grandma is the real star of the menu. We got it with pepperoni and they did not skimp on the pepperoni. Would highly recommend this to any pizza fanatic.What!?!? You have to order a pizza a week ahead of time...Yep..Thats how i felt too...Trust me just do it...I am a pizza snob and their Grandma is immediately a top 5 for me...Excellent...Paired with a Tree House Julius IPa and lif could not be better...The Serverce was terrible, pizza looks good but taste normal nothing special. I can tell the domain pizza even better than it.  Pizza order have to wait whole week for pick up. Totally not worth it. I won't back even they are free!Love pizza jawn, the grandma pizza tastes great. My review would be a 5/5, however the pizza has definitely shrunk. The grandma now measures about 9 slices/squares from what it was, 16 slices. We had a few months in between orders but clearly the pizza has shrunk in size by a significant portion while still at the same price. We had 2 people come over but soon realized that just 1 pizza wouldn't be enough food like it was before. We had to order wings last minute.
Again, we used to love pizza jawn, it still tastes great. But the significant loss in size of the grandma has turned us off from them for now. The pizza is already pricey, 9 slices just isn't worth the price anymore.
This may be the reasoning behind the slower demand for pizza jawn as well, as they rarely sell out like they used to.It ain't easy to order and it ain't cheap, but it is fantastic and memorable pizza.  Plenty of other posts talk through the ordering process, but once you get past that, the staff is super friendly and accommodating, the pick up process is easy and efficient, and all of the pizzas are great.  Loved the Detroit (although it is smaller than you might expect, it is dense and filling) and the Grandma.  Don't skip the Mike's Hot Honey!Close but no cigar. The Detroit style was under-proofed. I think they just need more time to perfect their art. Hopefully they make it. Good concept.For the people wondering whether this place is worth the hassle of ordering, picking up (Main Street Manayunk parking fun!), cash-or-Venmo only payment....the answer is yes, most definitely worth it.
Or in the words of the NMA, a Teen Pizza Expert (as pizza is one of the four food groups of the teenage male).  "This pizza is really, really good, Mom."
We ordered a "Grandma" pizza, which is  made on thick, hearty structured bread dusted with sesame seeds.  Got three meats - pepperoni, beef and bacon.  What I picked up seriously weighed at least 3 pounds, if not more.  I parked around the corner in the Venice Island public lot, it was a nice day and walking a bit was refreshing.   They had my pizza ready, I gave them my name, showed my order receipt on phone, handed over the cash and walked out in like 5 minutes.
Note: they were offering walk up pizza by the slice when I was there. Not sure if that's a regular thing.
Brought this divine smelling huge pizza home.  The NMA took two slices, more or less inhaled them, then told me he was "totally full".  This, the child who weighs like 145 pounds and can eat an entire pizza in one sitting.  Yeah, the toppings are very generous and the crust...oh my, it was delicious.  Held up beautifully under the weight and the grease.  
I opted for one slice - which was a complete meal, and I used a fork and knife  to eat it with.  I like that there was a slightly spicy kick to the taste, not enough to be uncomfortable but not a sweet pasty flavor.  Also, not overly cheesy, NMA and I questioned at first whether there was cheese on it - there is, at the bottom. I liked that it wasn't super cheesy.  
The remaining slices went into the fridge and you bet they re-heat well.  The NMA and I are slowly chipping away - him two slices at a time, me one. 
Totally worth it, and we'll definitely go again.  Highly recommend.Great pizza. Pick up was ready right on time. We were in out with our pies very quickly which we were pleasantly surprised by since the shop is so new. Our pies held up well with a ~20 min drive back to center city. 
Grandma pie was excellent. The seeded bottom took it over the top. We loved it with pepperoni and mikes hot honey. The round pie was very good too. It felt like a pizza you would get in Florence and we were not expecting it to feel so gourmet for take out. The round was good but the grandma really stole the show. We will be back!976th different cheesesteak in the last four years.  This Cheesesteak was a huge disappointment.   The grill person was distracted/having a bad night/looking forward to going home.  The roll was ripped.  A lot of meat but it was mostly dry.  The cheese that was on there was pooled on the bottom.  The long hots are hot.  I ate my cheesesteak at Fat Lady brewing.  That was nice.  I found a Von C Hazy IPA I liked.  Everyone there was focused on the customer experience.tl;dr don't let the cut-throat ordering system and trek from Center City deter you from these quality pies; Pizza Jawn is a pizza lover's dream
With so many fabulous pizzerias in Philadelphia propper, it feels ludicrous that a Manayunk joint would even crack the top 10. Nevertheless, Pizza Jawn is making waves in a bid for the Philly pizza throne.
Pizza Jawn's ordering system is a Hunger Games-esque dash to jot down your name and contact info. Right when the spreadsheet drops on the website (a week in advance), be prepared to quickly find your ideal pie and timeslot. Within a few minutes, you should receive an email confirmation for your signup, and no need to pay until your pickup the next week.
I opted for a Grandma Pie (a 16"x16" square broken up into 16 slices, with a sesame seed bottom) topped with pepperoni (admittedly the only topping that came to mind as I frantically navigated the ordering system). In contrast to ordering, the pickup was a breeze -- on the chilly Thursday evening one week later, I showed up just before my timeslot and the pie was fresh out of the oven. 
The crust was light and airy, with the layer of sesame seeds across the bottom generating a surprisingly flavorful taste and texture. The tangy red sauce is strategically dolloped atop the cheese, and the pepperoni very nearly resembled high-quality, crisp bacon.
The Grandma pies are enormous. At 16"x16" (broken up into 16 slices), these can reasonably leave a party of 4 feeling content. But don't let the prospect of leftovers dissuade smaller parties -- my partner and I took home just about half a pie, and the leftover slices were marvelous the next day with a quick heat-up in the air fryer. At $28 for our fabulous pie, the Grandma varieties feel like a steal. The only change I would opt for during my visit is a double-order of pepperoni!The picture speaks for itself, but I will speak a little too. 
It is a true pleasure having this place around the corner from my new home. The people are so nice and welcoming, the pizza is out of this world, and their specials are always unique and tasty. Worth traveling from out of town, too. Great addition to the already amazing manayunk. Glad they stuck around after their "pop-up" period!!! 5 starsSuper good pizza and worth ordering in advanced. We ate it at the brewery across the street which was great.Yes, this place is as good as the rave reviews say. Philly is lucky now to have such high level pizzerias, with Pizza Jawn just being the latest to push expectations even higher. And the nice jawn about them, what sets them apart, is the 3 distinct styles they make. I've tried them all. 
The Round is your more traditional (16" yes, "round") pie, with the excellent slightly charred crust (try doing that at home!). The Grandma is the pan-baked 16" square cheese-underneath pizza with the sesame seeded crust, resulting in a very chewy, denser crust. The Detroit is remarkable as a thinker-crusted "focaccia" dough pizza, very filling. So although it's a smaller (9x9" square) pie, it's plenty.   
I've ordered twice from them, and went through some of the confusion as they switched to the order a week in advance as opposed to ordering on Sunday night when the page drops. And it's not an entirely intuitive order form to complete. But week-in-advance ordering seems like a real improvement. It is highly competitive, however, to get a slot, so it's worth it to get in early after the page goes live. He who hesitates is lost!
We did have a goof on one order - my Deputy Yelper put in "pepp" which PJ staff routinely interprets as "pepperoni," not "peppers" as in "peppers and onions." So mind your P's and O's. When I stopped to pick up the pies, we had to do some quick switching. It was really really their fault, but they fixed it up immediately. For pickup, staff is masked and in a quasi-outdoor setting, so it's a safe, comfortable environment.I happened to be in the neighborhood at Manayunk Brewery and decided to give Pizza Jawn a shot. It was a cold evening and I didn't place my order ahead of time but I decided to take a chance with a walk-up and am glad I did!
Typically you place your order online a week in advance via their website. Thankfully I got lucky and was able to score a grandma pie w/pepperoni that had gone unclaimed (which just so happens to be one of my favorite pies). Although the pie is priced at $28, I got a nice discount since it had been sitting out for quite some time. Nothing a little time in the air fryer can't fix!
The verdict - some of the best grandma pizza I've ever had and some of the best Philly pizza - there I said it. Crunchy, thin square crust, delicious sauce and cheese, the good pepperoni, and sesame seeds on the bottom. Thinking back - it was a magical experience. 
I don't find myself in Manayunk a whole lot but with a brewery and fantastic pizza just 2 blocks away, I could see myself regularly venturing down those hilly streets and steep inclines for a slice...or box of heaven.Pizza Jawn went brick and mortar on ever-cool Manayunk's Main Street before the pandemic.  Its continued popularity has helped it successfully weather the pandemic blues.  In fact it sells out of all its pizzas every week.  Now getting a pizza from Pizza Jawn is not easy.  You see you have to order a week ahead of time .  Open only Thursday through Saturday, at 8 pm exactly a week to the day before you will pick up your pizza, you have to reserve a time slot and one of three style pizzas.  Be quick - these slots go fast, real fast.  The slot choices are Grandma, Round, & Detroit pizza.  I recently enjoyed one of their Detroit pizzas.  It was thick and oozing with cheese underneath the tomato sauce  - just as I like my Detroit.  I picked it up right on time and of course it was ready - this is a well-honed operation.  Okay I miss the spontaneity of ordering a pizza from Pizza Jawn and  I cannot always remember the 8 pm ordering time a week ahead of time - but if I do, it's def worth it.
btw - For those of you not from Philadelphia - 'Jawn" is a Philly word that can be substituted for almost any noun in a sentence and can also serve as a verb at other times if the meaning is clear in context..We had the Detroit with pepperoni and hot honey. $28 for a 9x9 pizza is steep, but it WAS filling. Nonetheless, I think there is a lot of hype and self-induced scarcity. Great quality ingredients, and expertly done, you're not likely to find a BETTER pizza, but I can think of a few near-equals. I guess I should try a round or Grandmother before making a final judgement. I can be made perfectly happy by In Riva (or even Franzone's for that matter.)So we finally made it to Pizza Jawn. It was an hour away but being a pizza connoisseur as I grew up in the pizza business I had to go and see what the hype is about. Unfortunately you can't go and order there or eat there. You have to go online and order on their website. But you have to order a week in advance and they are only open only Thursday Friday and Saturday from 4pm-9:30pm and they can only make about 44 pizzas a day. So if you want a pizza on Friday you need to go to their website a week in advance and the website opens at 8pm. We set out timer for 7:59pm. Thinking we would get there early but when we went to the site practically most of the slots were taken. We wanted a grandmas pizza but all the time slots allocated for that were already taken. We found a time slot for 5:20pm on Friday for a Detroit style pizza so we ordered that with sausage. I also emailed them asking if we could also order a grandmas pizza but they said no we can't fit it in the oven time slot but they were willing to make me a large cheese pizza $18 16" round. I felt like they were doing me a favor. So I also ordered that too. Good thing I did because the Detroit sausage was very small, and between my daughter and I we ate the whole thing. It looked like a personal pizza 10". I felt first of all it was small for $25. I understand it takes 3 days for the proper dough. I was expecting a caramelized cheese crust but instead the cheese was burned and tasted like bitter charcoal. I think they cooked it too long and burned the cheese instead of caramelized cheese, there is a difference. I also felt they were very skimpy on the sausage. I believe you should get at least 4 sausages on every piece. All this hype and wait was a let down after receiving the pizza and tasting it. If they took their time and did it right it could have been a better experience for us. Their pizza round was nothing to write home about. It was ok. I would have like to try their grandmas with sesame crust but I would have to wait at least a week if I could get online in time to order one. Very disappointing and will probably not go back. The people there were friendly when I picked up the order.Let me say the ingredients are really good. Fresh, dough is unique - not necessarily everyone's cup of tea, but high quality. I see the sauce but its strategically placed but its a pretty large sized pie... still I mean sauce is paramount for this kind of pizza
The reason I'm only giving 3 stars is because at the end of the day I wont go get anymore of this pizza. 
1. Overcooked. Crust was more than crunchy it was hard and I feel like todays chef must not have gotten itright.
2. Bread was 85% of the pie. I know what sicilian pies are and this was more a loaf of cheese bread. Toppings -- frankly seemed very stingy. There are only 9 slices and the one slice in the center has 40% of the toppings 
3. Sesame seeds? yea that's for sandwiches.
4. Expensive. Don't charge alot of money and skimp. Maybe I should have known all the pies are lite on sauce and cheese. I didn't which makes it disappointing. Or maybe just my pie was... 
Either way I'd come back for a sandwich... which admittedly was a pleasant surprise. Very good, but its not in the name!Regina's review pretty well sums up our experience last night.  We ate at one of two tables out front, enjoying a nice Chardonnay with our Grandma's.  This place is a special experience, and the people working inside are super nice.If you've ever wondered whether or not food in pictures tastes as good as it looks...this ZA tastes as good as it looks. 
Pizza Jawn really cares about what comes out of their oven. Every pie is a work of art. You taste the freshness, and the sweet sauce bursts in your mouth with every bite. The crust is crispy on the outside and doughy-soft on the inside...perfect! Whether it's intentional or not, I love the slightly burnt parts - the subtle bitterness adds an extra dimension.
The real star of the show is the Ezzo pepperoni, and Pizza Jawn takes care not to skimp on it. The thick-cut pep is hearty and savory and just really ties the rest of the pie together. For anyone out there who's not a huge fan of pepperoni (like myself), just trust me and get it.
Looking forward to making this place a staple...so long as I can get my name on the excel spreadsheet before 8:05pm!I had the Detroit square pizza with sausage, pepperoni, and onions. It's the equivalent of a medium square pizza, but the taste is really good. I didn't think it would be worth it, but I was pleasantly surprised. I got on the list a week ago. My only issue is a pizza is the spur of the moment purchase, what if I didn't have a taste for it a week later. Good thing I did; pizza was great.COVID Time Review.
You've probably read enough about the ordering system to have an opinion on it.  Yes, you typically have to order a week in advance.  Yes, they fill up quickly.  Hey, if you don't think you'll be hungry in a week then you aren't worried that the fill up.  Besides, if they didn't fill up quickly, that is probably a sign you might not want to order from them.
Ordering system aside, they make some good pizza.  Not the best I've ever had and not the best I've ever had in the city.  Probably the best I've had in Manayunk.
There Grandma style is a heavy crust and is covered with sesame seeds. Its also a square(ish) cut. If you don't like sesame seeds, you should past. While it comes in at their priciest pizza, it does fill you. This is the pizza to get for a big meal or party.  I do wish the side pieces ended up with more sauce as they come off a bit dry (while the middle pieces are usually totally covered in sauce). 
Their round looks, feels, and tastes like your standard pizza.  We enjoyed it margherita style and felt the cheese and sauce balance was on point.  The crust is a bit thinner, but it is not a thin crust pizza by far.
The only thing I can comment on the service at this point is that they will have your order ready on time.  They seem like a nice staff and I am excited to order in one day in the future.Mediocre pizza, extremely poor ordering system and customer service. Won't explain the incident but will not be giving business to this ownerWe ordered the Grandma pie with pepperoni, sausage, peppers and onions. Unfortunately we ran into bad traffic and ended up 40 minutes late. The owner was very understanding.
The dough is incredible and the Grandma pie is very filling. All of the ingredients went together well and I enjoyed the sauce. 
If you're in the Manayunk area I suggest you try Pizza Jawn! Just remember to order a week in advance as there are limited slots during the pandemic.I love love pizza, and was so excited to try Pizza Jawn! You have to order a week in advance using the links they provide. I chose the grandma's with hot honey topping. I did enjoy this pizza, but felt the sesame coated crust was a little too much for me. Also personally felt like the pizza could've done with more sauce, but I also prefer more sauce than not. The Grandma's was big enough to feed 3-4 people.Pizza Jawn is without a doubt one of the best pizza spots in Manayunk. The dough is great and the sesame adds an amazing touch. Having to reserve the pizza is a bit of a pain. Not exactly a food I'd typically plan several days ahead to eat.Don't understand the hype for this place. I almost wonder if people feel like they /have/ to say they like this pizza because of the hype and scarcity? I've tried both the Detroit and NYC style pies and both were just "meh" to me. Certainly not worth having to reserve it a week in advance. 
The sauce on the Detroit tastes way sweeter than it should, and the price is...out of hand. I've had Detroit-style pizza in actual Detroit and you get twice as much pizza for the price. In Philadelphia, Circles + Squares blows this Detroit out of the water (and the taste is actually worth the advance order system). 
The NYC pizza was so, so dense. If you like an absolutely massive amount of cheese on your slice, you'd probably be ok, but it's not for me. The closest local comparison I can think to make is Roma's. It also had a really chewy crust (the flavor was actually pretty good) that wasn't sturdy enough to support all the cheese. It's like...if we weren't in the middle of a large city with a million other options, the NYC style would be fine. But good enough to make it worth reserving in advance and choosing it over all of the other great options around? Nah.New to the Manayunk restaurant scene, Pizza Jawn already has a cult following. With limited pre-orders a week in advance Thursday - Sunday, this pizza is worth the hype. Thick, chewy crust and quality ingredients make this pizza easily one of the best in the Philadelphia area (and I'm constantly on the search for the perfect pizza!) 
The only downfall to this delicious pie is that with the square shape, you don't get the standout crust with every slice (they do sell a round pie, but the Grandma is seemingly the most popular). I also expected to be given the hot honey on the side, so I could drizzle myself. These small factors aside, I cannot wait to try other options on their menu. 
Pro-tips: You do have to order a "cheese base" in order to get sauce and cheese on your pizza as this is a vegetarian/vegan friendly pizza place! Also, Pizza Jawn currently only accepts cash or venmo for payment.Totally worth the 30 min drive to get a Grandma pie.  Make sure to order in advance online.I first heard of this place from a friend and boy was I happy to finally get a chance to order from this place. I wish they were downtown so that I can eat here more often. I guess for now they are only open Thursday Friday and Saturday and you have to order a week in advance online when the link becomes available. I know it sounds incredibly annoying but it's 100% worth it. We ordered two of the 16 inch pizzas. The square one is called the grandma and it has pepperoni and hot honey Which happens to be their specialty topping. The round pizza is simply called the round, had pepperoni mozzarella garlic and extra spicy hot honey. The pizza was so thick. The pepperonis were thick. The grandma is so crunchy it has sesame seeds underneath the bottom. Obviously these are essentially two of the same pizzas but you definitely get a different experience with both. They were absolutely delicious and I won hundred percent recommend if you can go and pick up a few boxes.This place slaps. Ever since I saw the barstool guy come here, I knew I had to give it a try. Honestly, I would give this place two stars for their ordering process. You're a pizza shop....you got one job.....how can you only be open 3 days a week from 4-9? Not to mention, you have to order the za online a week in advance. If you don't access the order form within the first minute it is released.....forget about it. No cap, the sign up sheet fills up (sells out) within minutes. As for the za, I would give it 4 stars. 100p some of the best I've had in Philly. Honestly it's a bit pricey and I personally don't think it's worth it. I found the round a bit lacking in terms of flavor (next time I'll opt for the pepperonis). The Detroit style was also very good, as the bread was soft and doughy. My only gripe is that the round za was a bit floppy....it didn't have a crisp presentation that I expected. Overall, this place is great and if you can finesse the ordering system (god bless), you know you'll be taking home and chowing down on some of the best za in Philly.Really good ingredients and and
different types of pizza. Great taste and the pizza is always ready on time  for pickup.Pizza was hot and bomb. The crust was perfect and didn't get soggy or floppy too fast like some other pizza's. I also tried the cheesesteak and it's tender, tasty, and worth the tour of the Philly cheesesteaks. If they stay (consistent) this will become a staple on Main street for a long time.One of my favorite pizza places in city of Philly. They offer time slots where u can order a week ahead and just added some walk in days of different styles of pizza like your traditional round, Detroit or grandma. They also have cheesesteaks, Stromboli's and other things as well. Today I just tried their buffalo chicken pizza and I highly recommend it. It's in a great area where you can eat there and then grab a drink nearby.My family and I have been thinking of trying it out for a while now, having heard so much about them. We were hopeful that the pizza would be as good as the hype surrounding them, but a bit skeptical. 
We are huge fans of Tacconelli's and understand the need to call in advance to order your dough, but reserving pizza a week out seemed a bit much in this case.
Anyway, last night was our night and the process for picking up your pizza couldn't have been any easier and the folks there were super. 
The pizza itself wax awesome. Every bit worth the effort and price. Not gonna say it was the best pizza I've ever had, but it sure was just as good as any I've ever tried.
Will certainly be returning soon. We loved it.Hands down the best pizza place in the entire area. I've had pizza from all over the area and Pizza Jawn is the best that I've had - by a mile. This place is the real deal - a must try!Drove from Staten Island to come here because of some Instagram influencer's post.
Absolutely worth the hype.
The customer service was extremely welcoming.
The process for ordering the pizza a few days in advance was very easy.
Grandma slice was definitely unique and special for Philadelphia, and the sesame seed crust was a nice touch.
Don't sleep on the plain pie either, it was delicious.
I'd love to come back and try another pie.First time getting one of those highly sought after pizza slots. Since I was too slow the first few attempts, I clicked and typed without bothering to care about the type of pizza or my time slot.. as long as I got one. I was signed up for a Detroit style pizza, so that it what my review is based on. I personally like a thinner crust, and the Detroit has a thick doughey one. It was good, but nothing to gloat over. I would have loved to add some toppings-- but again I was rushed to solidify my spot. Also the pizza costs $23 as it comes. Before adding toppings. It is not big.. 6 pieces. 9 x 9. The grandma style which is 16 x 16 is only $3 dollars more at $26. I was smart enough to grab a mikes hot honey at pick up.. that made a difference. I plan to try for more pizzas from here, but my personal opinion is that the Detroit is not your best move. I follow them on Instagram and the pizzas all look amazing. I think I'm going to try to get a round pizza and add my favorite toppings. I have to point out that my pick up experience was great! The people that work there are upbeat and positive, and make you feel welcome.
Update: got another pie.. round this time with pep and hot honey. Pictured here. The pic doesn't do it much justice. They are superrr generous with the pepperoni. Even though the dough is pretty thick, it isn't crisp. The slices are not structurally sound haha my cheese slipped off the the droopy crust first slice I picked up. We slipped it in the toaster oven for a few to make it more crispy. This pizza was definitely better than the Detroit, but not my favorite in town. The thrill is in the hunt for the time slots, I think.Eh, so I'm sorry to say guys. I got the Grandma pizza after I saw how hyped up this place is. The crust is good! But the cheese and sauce are super sub-par. I would have given it 3 stars, but it was 35 dollars for a sub-par pizza. I support the whole "do it yourself small business thing" but please invest in some better cheese recipes and do something with the sauce. Y'all obviously got the bread down. I advise on working on the cheese and sauce.Simply the best pizza in Manayunk/Roxborough. Dave the owner/cook is a great guy. He works his ass off making pizza on Thursday to Saturday nights.  You must  order on Instagram and it is cash only. Try the Detroit style or my favorite the Grandma . Another must is the hot honey sauce that comes with each pie.  Dave started out with a trailer oven and went to local craft breweries. He worked his way up to his place on Main st.Pizza was good, but average. Not sure why everyone makes a big fuss about this place. However staff was friendly, and gave me a refund for my pizza that was delayed. Pepperoni was good. The vegan cheese is very good. Loves the sesame seeds on the crust, good touch and had good flavor however a little chewy. Overall I wouldn't go back anytime soon. Will try again sometime (maybe the hot honey according to previous reviews) but not soon.Pizza Jawn, you win best pizza I've ever had....and pizza is my favorite type of food. I hope that says something people! Not only that, these pizzas sell out within minutes 1 week ahead of time. Only recommendation would be to add a 2nd location or expand so we don't have to refresh our page to try and book a slot in advance before they sell out. Well done and can't wait to try more pizza combinations....WOW!!! A+++Great pizza!  We've tried all three varieties, all of them were amazing but if I had to rank them it would go grandma, Detroit, and then NY.  Toppings are always plentiful and the sauce they use is great.  This is a welcome addition to the neighborhood as most other pizza places around Manayunk and Roxborough leave a lot to be desired.I hate to be that person but....we just walked up on a whim and ordered! There was a cancellation spot so we got our pie in 20 minutes. No getting a slot online, no dealing with craziness. Serendipity at its finest. 
The pizza was delicious. Enough for me to want to actually jump through the hoops of online ordering next time to get another try.It's worth the hype- seriously. Get on that ordering list. Thankfully it's a lot easier to order now that a bit of time has passed since they got reviewed by Barstool Sports. That being said- the quality is consistently good and their toppings are fresh and delicious. I'm a personal fan of the Grandma pie with the sesame seed bottom but their other two styles are awesome also. You place your order earlier in the week so it's nice to plan for a good meal ahead. Don't get discouraged I've never had trouble ordering on a Tuesday or Wednesday for the upcoming weekend. My personal sausage and onions- the sausage is nicely crumbled and the onions are well cooked. Literally convincing myself to get this next week.Worth every penny. To summarize my partner and I had their grandma style pizza with pepperoni. It was BADANGIN'! And large enough to feed us for few days. Can't wait to try their Detroit style next.