I've only tried the smaller pizzas but they are delicious! Sort of a mixture between tomato pie/focaccia/deep dish.  Really doughy and good, the marinara on top tastes super fresh and I love that it's on top of the cheese on parts so you can get a nice bite of it while sinking your teeth into the crust! Also I'm usually a thin crust fan but this is really airy and delicious (not like thicker crusts which can be heavy and doughy) - I'm a total convert.
Can't wait to try other things here. I hear the chicken parm sandwich is really tasty too.Found this through Philly foodie and it's super close to where I live. Not the biggest fan of the burger but the pizza is awesome. Wish the pricing was a little more reasonable. I found the burger to be dry and lack pizazz, a little sauce would go a long way. For the pizza I love the topping options. Got a personal pan with ricotta and half bacon half pepperoni. So yummy!This place is where Key Pizza used to be. It's a small place, no seating area to eat. Super friendly staff. There are 2 kinds: hand  tossed and personal. You can have several toppings on top. They have sandwiches too. They will text you when the order is done 
Hand tossed is 16 inches pizza with thin crust. Overall it's a decent pizza. Good amount of small pepperoni and good quality of cheese.
Personal pizza has thicker dough. I ordered vegan. Only tomato sauce with small basil leaves. The best part of the pizza is the outer crust which is super crunchy. The texture of the pizza in my opinion is close to focaccia bread.
Unfortunately I saw the pizza took out I believe half-way-cooked pizza and blew it as if blowing birthday candles and put it back in the oven. I cringed when I saw it especially during this Coronavirus pandemic.I am lucky enough to live a few blocks from Pizza Plus. I order their pizza (and sandwiches and fries) way too often for my own good but I can't help it. This place makes some of the best pizza in the city, along with excellent sandwiches and sides. East Passyunk is lucky to now have such a solid pizza spot in such an unassuming location. Definitely check this place out. Everything I have ordered has been wonderful and the delivery/pick up times are never too long. 
My favorite pizza to order is the hand tossed pizza with pepperoni with basil.The hand tossed is an incredible pie of pizza with amazing sauce. Definitely recommend the pepperoni. The pan pizza is very tasty but the bottom crust can get soggy. Overall delicious and they've been doing a great job starting up during the craziness of a pandemic.Crazy time to open and they are working very hard .. so I hope to re-visit and revise  my review at a later date..  but the one time I tried , my order came out an hour and 15 minutes earlier than I was told. I wasn't ready and by the time I picked up my food everything was cold. The burger  hoagie suffered the most.  Wasn't good.  Chicken still tasted good. Would love to try hot n fresh.Pizza slaps. If you say otherwise, you whack. Ordered during the COVID19 mess and that pie caused me to have a religious moment.This place is owned by the guy who does circle and squares as well. The pizza here is on par or very close to as good. It's the best pizza in philly by far in my opinion. I've gotten to the point where I avoid eating pizza unless it's from one of these two places. 
The sandwiches and sides I've had so far are really good too. The prices on some of the stuff like the cheeseburgers are really fair. 
The online ordering system is very easy to use and convenientGot 2 pizzas for take out and when we showed up to pick up they were just finishing up our orders. 
Buffalo chicken personal pan was okay and needed some more sauce or toppings felt more like eating thick slice of bread than pizza 3/5
The hand tossed with cheese, pepperoni, and sausage was much better. The topping were plentiful and the crust was thin and crispy even in the center where pizzas are normally soggy. If the pepperoni and sausage were just a bit less salty this would have been perfect 4/5 stars here.
Overall I would get pizza from here again but stick to the hand tossed ones.I'm not picky when it comes to pizza, and I am not a big review writer, but the food here is so gd good. The pan pies with the cheese baked into the side of the crust is incredible - my boyfriend and I are always arguing about who gets the crustier pieces. We've been ordering from here every week and decided to mix it up and get chicken tenders and burgers last week. The chicken tenders were deep fried to perfection, and the burgers put Shake Shack to shame. We usually order earlier to beat the rush and eat at the same time as everyone's grandparents, but it is SO worth it.Cool pizza spot in the heart of south Philly. They're known for their hand tossed and pan pizzas. I ended up ordering the 9" pan buffalo chicken, which was really good. The dough is very similar to focaccia bread, and it's got a very good crunch to it. It's a little pricey but the 9" is super heavy . You could split it between two people.Ordered for pickup. The Hawaiian pizza we ordered was extraordinary.  My bf said the cheese made a huge difference. I think is the dough. This will be the mystery we will try to solved next time we order again. Totally recommend this place!GET THE PERSONAL PAN! Seriously - one of the best pizzas I've ever had. We always get a cheese with sausage and garlic. Perfection!Stuck to the Pizza, crust, sauce, cheese, ratio, all were on point. This is classic pizza done right. Well done. Got a couple salads too, not bad 
Also, the order came earlier than even expected so happy surprise! 
Next-day Update; the reheat for 5 min at 350 was damn goodGot this for pickup on Saturday night. It took about 35 minutes. They text you when your order is ready.  We ordered the hand tossed with cheese, pepperoni and sausage. We also ordered a Buffalo chicken person pan pizza. The Buffalo chicken was average, it needed more sauce bec the crust was very thick and a bit dry without enough sauce.  Really enjoyed the hand tossed pizza.  Loved the crispy crust. Flavors were great.This place is fantastic and I'm so glad they opened it in South Philly! I got the pan pizza (pictured) and it is so so so good! Both times I ordered delivery I got it about 40 mins after ordering which is a completely reasonable time frame. Can't wait to try other menu items.One of the better carry out pizza places. Easy to order and quick pickup- less than 20 minutes from ordering to the "it's ready" text. We had sausage, onion & green pepper - good amounts and nicely made.Definitely a super slow operation, so either order early or be ready to eat late. My first order (pre-lockdown) took about an hour, my second order (post-lockdown) took 3 hours. Staff is friendly and it was very easy for me to reach them to check on the status of my food. 
So far I've tried both of their pizza styles, pan and hand tossed. The pan pizzas are definitely unique, I've never had anything like it in this city. They're thick but light and buttery, very old-school. One personal pan can easily feed two people. 
The hand-tossed is a pretty standard pizza. Better than your average Philly pizzeria but nothing outstanding. The salad was also pretty standard but still better than what you would expect from a pizzeria. 
Overall, this place is turning out good food made by good people. They need time to work out the kinks in their operation before I go back.We have frequented many of the "best" pizza places in Philly, but we ordered a pepperoni pie tonight and we both agree, it's the best pie we've had in Philly, better than both Beddia and Angelo's which are both tasty in their own right. It was well-done (without us having to as for it well-done) with a thin chewy crust, flavorful sauce, and crispy plentiful pepperoni. We can't wait to order it again!It's hard not to get hooked on Daniel's amazing style of pizza wizardry. Can't wait til Bourbon and Branch reopens to enjoy the same pizza indoors with a great beer.We tried Pizza Plus on a recommendation from friends. Even cold (by the time we walked home!) it was still some of the best pizza I've eaten in Philly. The fries were delicious and the buffalo chicken sandwich was perfect. Can't wait to try more!I ordered delivery and the pizza arrived cold, wet, and doughy. So gross. And after being given a tome frame of two hours was 45 mins late.  Also the fries were cold and dumped in a greasy paper bag. I even tried reheating both the next day, still not good. I emailed them to let let them know about that fact that it was cold and late because I felt bad leaving a bad review during Covid but they didn't bother to reply. So many good pizza places in Philly, save your $!The beauty of Pizza Plus is their hours. 
The second best thing about Pizza Plus is alllll the topping options for you Za. 
The third best thing about Pizza Plus is their extra offerings such as chicky tendies, curly fries and smash burgs. 
I prefer the personal pan pies to the hand tossed as that is my jam when it comes to Za's. But both are top notch, high quality. I always get a Double Pep pie and a White Pie with sausage and spinach. Two pies always and sometimes three bc leftovers as I live an hour+ North of Philly.  
Great Za, great extras, worth the drive for sure if you are not lucky enough to be a local.Well priced. Great pizza and sandwiches. The team puts love into the chicken and pies. I'm personally a big fan of the pan pizzas, but the regular pies are awesome too.Do not make the mistake I made--look at pictures of the pizzas before ordering! Pizza was absolutely soaking drenched in sauce over the cheese. If you love pizza sauce, proceed. It's a shame since the crust was thick (hard to find here) and perfectly cooked, and everything else we ordered (fries, chicken sandwich, onion rings) was great. Staff was super friendly as well.Their Buffalo chicken pan pizza is insanely good. I didn't think I liked Buffalo chicken pizza until I had Pizza Plus. Their curly fries and onion rings come in a paper bag, which is the best vessel because they don't steam in the container and stay crisp longer. I always order pickup from their website and it's been ready in less than 30 minutes every time.Love this place! The snack box is especially great :) I'd recommend the white square pie- always a hit among friends and family! The fries are good too!Had an awesome hand tossed w red sauce and cheese tonight. It was everything I wanted and more. Grateful to have this spot in the neighborhood.The pan pizza is delightful. Staff was nice. Pick up only took 25 minutes. No complaints.Not sure how you run a business and expect people to wait for your time frame. Ordered a pie at 5:15 and the site said it would be ready at 6:45 but I'd receive a text prior confirming the time. At 7:10, after no text, I got a call saying they're running 15-20 minutes behind but the pizza would be ready in another 20 minutes (7:30). At 8pm I got the text saying the pizza was ready. I picked up the pie at 8:04. It was good, but it wasn't hot, which makes me think it was sitting around. I'd second guess returning because it's an inefficient system for very average food.Worst experience and we won't be back. Ordered at 5:30 pm and did not get our order until 7:00. Pizza was awful, tasted worse than cardboard. We go here on occasion because they have vegan food (hubs had a vegan chix cheesesteak sandwich and sid it was okay but cold). Also definitely have ordered vegan food and been served regular instead in the past. They were so disorganized, it was like they had never even been in a pizza shop before. So so disappointing. They should just do vegan food and throw the rest of the menu away, it is awful.Worst customer service ever. Tried to place an order just now for a lot of food and the lady handling the customer service was horrible. She literally took my order and when I called back to confirm she intentionally hung up on 5 times. Management please take action immediately as you guys are a small business that struggled during COVID and now due to a very negligent employee that doesn't care you have lost over $100 in business and a customer. Hurts my heart.Pizza and burgers were excellent but the fries are soggy..I've ordered fries 3xs from this place and every time they were soggy, it doesn't matter if you order them well done. Crispy fries are what the people want!!!Tried it only because few alternatives during Covid
Great fresh dough Pizza!
We didn't try anything else.
Maybe not better than Angelos, depends on your taste, but very close.
Friendly staff.Ordered the chicken sandwich, pan pizza with pepperoni and curly fries. Buffalo Chicken sandwich was good, lots of chicken. Fries were just tossed in a brown bag. Pepperoni on top of pizza was charred and sauce was loaded with salt. Extremely salty, so much so that sauce tasted funny.The pan pizza *chefs kiss the ring of perfectly burnt cheese with the right balance of cheese and sauce. I always get pepperoni ( thick cut so it turns into cups) and pineapple, soo god damn good!I was working late at the office and did a quick search for pizza since my closest shop closed down recently due to, well, I'm not sure exactly. Anyway, I happened across some beautiful pictures on a little place that I was unaware of called Piazza Plus. I had a hunch from the foodie-quality ingredients they offered and the three styles of pizza you could have them on, that this might be worth the gamble. I ordered a 16" hand tossed Shitake mushroom and black olive on tomato and mozzarella from Grubhub. Holy. Mother. Of. God. Mind blown!! Only after I devoured half the pie did I bother to research who this pizza virtuoso was. Turns out it's the guy from Circles and Squares' new South Philly spot. And it's even closer to my house than my office. So much for losing the pandemic weight. I have a new go-to pizza shop! So delicious.Lol they did me so dirty and just threw a clump of pickled peppers on one slice of my pie. 
The chicken tenders were okay. They were stingy AF with the honey mustard. I was scraping the bottom by the second tender. 
We ordered at 11:02 and the food was not ready until 12:40. I know they just opened up shop and they are most likely still sorting things out there. And there is that corona virus going around so maybe things are a little crazy in the shop. I'll give them another shot out of my love for pizza gutt.
But really I think I will just stick to getting my pizza fix from their sister restaurant. After all square pizza is way better than circle pizza.Finally ordered from Pizza Plus a few days ago and really enjoyed it. I'd last had these pizzas when Pizza Gutt was serving out of Win Win Coffee Bar, those were phenomenal pies. Pizza Plus is also very good, but it's not quite as good as the Win Win days, which is to be expected when you scale a business. 
We ordered two 9" pan pizzas (one was a white pizza and the other a vegan cheese red pizza), chicken fingers, and onion rings. The chicken was great and the onion rings were excellent (I love that the onion didn't separate from the breading). For the pizzas, I'm lactose intolerant, so I love that vegan cheese was offered, but I was honestly disappointed in the taste of this cheese. The quality of the pizza is really good, but the taste of the vegan cheese just didn't match everything around it. I decided to take a lactaid and try my wife's real cheese pizza and it was infinitely better. So, unless you're vegan, just take a lactaid and get the real cheese pizza. That said, the vegan cheese tasted a lot better when I had leftovers the next day. 
I also want to add that the price for all of this seemed really high, between $17 and $20 with toppings, especially for 9" pizzas, but these ended up being hefty pizzas. With our apps, we ate less than half of each pizza before we were full, leaving plenty for lunch the next day. Even without the apps, I think I'd be overly full if I ate the whole 9" pizza. So, I'd say it's worth the price.I tried pizza plus. 
Waited 1.5 hours for a chicken sandwich and they didn't get my order right; without pizza available so they should have had plenty of time to at least get the order right. 
Pizza minus!The pan pies are addictive. I have a daily craving. The hand tossed is definitely one of the best in the area. Here are some things to know:
Be aware that you need  to have a two hour window in which you are willing to wait for your food. I find if I order earlier in the day during the week it only takes 30 minutes but if you hit a rush it will take a while.
Pan pies are -around 12 inches and thick with caramelized edges. Hand tossed around 16 inches, thin crust with lovely bubbles on the edges.
The $5 burger comes with cheese but almost all other toppings are an up charge. It is a delicious little burger.
"Cheese" means traditional red sauce and mozzarella. "Tomato" means no cheese. This wasn't intuitive to me.
The employees are super nice and helpful.Ordered a plain hand tossed and fries, delivery took a little long but the food is great. Pizza is really good and fries too. Definitely a new favoriteThis place is amazing! So happy it opened up in my neighborhood. Every time, my order has been ready early using the online ordering system, and it's ready to be picked up when we get there. Love the cheese pan pizza and caesar salad. The cheesy edges are wonderfully crispy and the texture of the pizza dough is amazing. It's fluffy and dense all at the same time. The tomato sauce tastes fresh and flavorful. Love the experience every time we order from Pizza Plus!!Omg so good!!! Best pizza in philly. F that expensive New England stuff this is where it's at!!YUM!!  Very tasty sauce and very delicious crusty cheese on the deep dish option. Very different option for south Philly and a welcome change. This is a takeout or delivery only (when available) spot which is perfect for "current pandemic mode". Very efficient ordering system with option to pay prior to arrival with text notification when your order is ready for pickup or out for delivery. The people at the counter were very nice - good experience all around.We called at 545 pm on a Saturday night and the woman on the phone told us 2 hours for pickup., but said it would be "worth it." We thought no problem, it's busy and we've really been looking forward to trying this pizza since there's been so much hype! 7:45 pm rolls around and we still never received our "text" that the pizza was ready. I called to check in and they said another 45 minutes. 3 hours for one pizza. Let that sink in. It wasn't until after 9:10 pm pm that we got our "text" the pizza was ready. It finally arrived from delivery around 9:30 and it was ok. Nothing special. No refund, nothing. No one really apologized. Highly disappointed and won't be back. Totally ruined our Saturday night!Nope never again 
Sizes and prices are wack*
Good chicken tenders
*we tried so hard to love this place, 4 pizzas total; 2 pan 2 large and they were all not worth the money. Not sure what the all the hype is for cheesy bread with sauceMy friend and I got this for pickup. We got a cheese pizza and one with pepperoni. Honestly, you can't go wrong with this. A small pizza is enough for one person, but we were waiting for a good time in the car. It may have been a busy day, but it took them about 45 minutes to make the pizza. They make classic pizzas well.Best. Detroit. Style. Period.
Delicious Neapolitan best piping hot out of oven.
The surprise box? Fantastic mix of wings, smashed, onion rings, pizza etc.
Staff? Fantastic 
Best of Philly select status with just a few others. That's rare air to share.My teen son told me about Circles and Squares great pizza reviews online and social media apps. Found out recently that Pizza Plus in S. Philly has the same recipe/ style of pizzas by Pizza Gutt (Dan Gutter).  Decided to try their plain cheese 9" Detroit style deep dish and  16" handtossed sausage, sauce  and cheese pizza. Both pizzas were very good. Great tasty sauce, yummy quality cheese (not salty like some cheap cheese used at lesser shops)  and the crust was perfect: deep dish was substantial and airy (not  heavy or doughy) and the traditional hand tossed had just thr right "chew" and still crunchy crust. No limpy droop. Stays perpendicular when held with slight fold.  Only wished it was closer to my home. Could be better if they gave it away for free :-)  TWO BIG THUMBS UPI'm very excited to live so close by this joint. Two hand tossed pizzas was way more than enough for two people but we wanted to try something crazy and a regular plain with black olives. Thin and crispy, delicious, classic. My boyfriend was really into the cheeseburger pizza, but it was just a little too out of the box for my pizza preferences, but I'm a plain jane with pizzas. Excited to try chicken parm pizza and some other simpler options. Would come here and would recommend.Different Cheesesteak #913.  Guest Eater Kevin Byrne.  Pizza Plus South was out of meat so we went Vegan.  I met at Separatist Beer Project in East Passyunk.  I didn't tell Kevin the cheesesteak was vegan until after he had taken a few bites.  Kevin now has a, I met a man online, I met him for a beer and cheesesteak, he tricked me into putting strange meat into my mouth story!!  This could be my favorite Vegan Cheesesteak.  It tasted more like thinly sliced Roast Pork.  The roll needs help.  I think vegan rolls are dry.  Toasting and/or garlic bread??  Love Separatist Beer Project, Host to 2021 March Cheesesteak Madness Final Four.I was soooo excited to try Pizza Plus. After driving by it every day on my way home and then a friend positing their pizza on insta, I ordered it the next day. But while the pizza looks DELISH, it left much to be desired. The sauce was good. I got two deep dish pizzas, which came out to $32, which is expensive for how small the deep dish pizzas are. However, I wouldn't have cared at all, if when I got the pizzas home, the bottoms were completely wet and soggy. The top was still crispy, but the bottom was WET and spongy. It sucked. I was super hype. I'll try their thin pizzas next, so hopefully that experience is better.I was looking forward to trying the pizza here but gotta be honest, was super bummed with the outcome. Ordered through their delivery at 12 pm on Friday. Took a little over an hour to get here, but that was ok. Hand tossed pizza was cold, coated in grease and the onions
 rings were just thrown in a brown paper bag, also greasy and cold. We didn't really enjoy any of it :/ This place has a lot of notoriety and is kinda pricey,  but let's be real there's so many awesome pizza joints in south philly. This is not one of them.These are difficult times and it is important to help small businesses survive. So when the online ordering system told me it would be a 2-hour-twenty-minute wait for a pizza, I gave them a shot anyway. My pizza arrived 93 minutes after delivery time, was ice cold and tasted like cardboard. DO NOT waste your time or money on this.Okay food, not great value. Paying $9 for a burger with no toppings is a little extreme, esp when fries are another $4. The fries were good but the quantity was lackluster. A combo would work wonders here to actually make it worthwhile when compared to one of the numerous pubs in the area.Got the personal pan pizza with 'roni and a Caesar salad and was impressed with both. The pizza was bomb as hell. The crust! The sauce! The 'roni!! I ordered stupid early (like 3:30 pm) because I hadn't eaten that day and was starving - my order was delivered super quick. Salad was also nicer than I expected (gotta have balance) - solid homemade thicc dressing. Perfect meal for one person to eat over the span of a few days.Was enamored by the photos on Instagram but realized the better looking pizzas are all the small pan styles. Of course I learned this only after ordering their normal pizzas. Ordered the cheese and white. 
The cheese was good and slightly better than any average pizza. The white was much better but crust was really really thin. The OG circles and squares is still my favorite!