I love pizza. So much that I've tried most spots in the city of Philadelphia.  With that being said, this isn't the best pizza in America.  But i'm glad i tried it.Pizza is incredible! The low rating is due to the inconvience of this business not having a phone.  I really hated waiting around for my pizza to be made.  
Also cash only.The best pizza in Philly! Interesting marketing in that they only serve 40 pies a day. Significant line even in the rain and it is take out only. OutstandingDecent, but nothing spectacular. Given the long wait, lack of phone, no comfortable seating, AND lack of credit card payment options, I'm tempted to give it two stars, but given all the five star ratings want this review to at least seem credible. 
I am happy to see an attempt at quality being made. It is great to see quirky businesses in the fishtown area. That said. There are much better pizza places already here. Pizza brain is just one of them. 
For those of you who do not believe me, go ahead, spend your whopping $20 plus dollars on a mini pie. Wait forever, and then consume something that makes you go, meh... 
This place seems more hype than hip. More cold than cool, and more effort than it is worth. Just my two cents.This is an absolutely great pizza. It's hard to say anything else other than, wow. This is what pizza should be, and the atmosphere makes for a part of that, just a great place to go pick up a pizza and eat it anywhere. The fresh mozzarella is maybe the best that I've ever had, by far the best in Philly. The drizzled olive oil and gouda cheese on top are insane. My only, and I mean only concern is the price. No doubt that you need to pay up for serious pizza, but I think they could lower the price by just one or two dollars. You may say one or two dollars, that's not a big deal, but when buying a pizza it is. With that said, I def recommend at least giving this place a try because it is really good pizza.Meh. 
Gimmicky. 
Pretentious. 
Overpriced. 
Hipsters. 
Pizza is good. 
Not a value. 
Poor service. 
He creates his own demand. 
In Philly, people are too smart. 
Similar quality elsewhere at 2/3 the cost. 
The staff are just weird. 
And, despite what they think, they aren't cooler than me.Best pizza in Philadelphia! I tried the French cream pie and added salame and it definitely did not disappoint. It was awesome!The perfect rating for Pizzeria Beddia comes purely based on taste and quality. In order to understand the place, you must accept their unorthodox hours and long wait times. The pizza is in high demand, which is warranted, and that's why you must wait. I also respect the "no delivery" and " no call in orders" aspect of how they operate. It reflects on what you get in return...
You may find better traditional, Italian style pizza at a restaurant downtown, but in terms of American style pizza joints, this blows everything I've ever had away. Beddia offers a wide variety of toppings not seen in other corner pizzerias and gives an option of the arrabiata pizza, spicy but delicious. 
If you don't live close by, probably not an ideal place to get pizza, but an absolute must try for Philadelphians and those visiting.3 Stars, A-OK, that sums it up pretty well. The pizza is without a doubt delicious, and probably deserves 5 stars, but this is a review of the entire experience. Best pizza in Philadelphia? Maybe, but debatable. I would advise that it's not worth breaking your back over, so if the stars align and you get the opportunity to snag one of these pies then definitely go for it. But don't book a hotel and a train ticket just for this particular Za. 
I get the impression that most of these reviewers read the Bon Appetite article and are simply rehashing that message. It's a good article, so you might want to check that out. 
At the end of the day you really can't fault the guys for running their restaurant their way, and whether their intentions were to create a marketing buzz or simply create great pizza, they've succeeded. However I think it's the marketing buzz that's driving that long line out front. There are plenty of other quality pizza shops in the region and most of them have a phone, deliver, and are always willing to sell you a pizza.One of the best pizzas, quite literally, in the world. Every pizza hand made by the owner from the very best ingredients possible. It simply doesn't get any better. 
However, be prepared for the unique experience.  It's takeout only, and the wait can be 1-2 hours during rush. No phones. No delivery. 
Whatever. 
The fact that this place sells out every night is a testament to how good it is despite these limitations. 
The people -- there are only two, a counter person and the owner -- are always very nice. I can only imagine the negative reviews are coming from divas and trolls who were expecting a traditional pizza joint. To you: Dominos is up the street.Best. Pizza.
This place is fantastic. The crust is crunchy and the toppings can not be fresher. I absolutely love the neighborhood feel. I really can't get enough of this place!!!Easily the best pizza I have had in Philadelphia and the best pizza I have had outside of Italy. This pizza is the stuff of myth and legend. I dreamed about the pizza after I ate it. Go, eat, and feel renewed about the culinary possibilities of Fishtown.Bring cash, get in line, be patient and enjoy the best pizza in Philadelphia! I have been here too many times to count since moving back to Fishtown. The staff is so friendly, accommodating and the freshness is unbelievable. Well, as you may read on here, you can't please everyone but I'm pleased and that's very hard to do. 
If you're not the first 10 pies be ready to not get your pizza till a little later in the evening but it's so worth the wait. 
My faves: 
1. Pepperoni with pickled chiles, just the right spice!
2. Sausage Pizza, there's something about that sausage!Food
======
~$18 Pizza Arrabiata
I liked it; it was spicy, left a nice burn in my mouth, and was generally good. I don't have a Philadelphia joint to compare it to, but I do have New York in mind and Beddia is definitely better than some, but not the best I've ever had. Everyone has different tastes, though, as to crust thickness (or thinness), patina, char, type of oven. You can't argue with the following or the business though, so I'd give it a try if you haven't had it before.
Decor
======
Clean cut, light colored wood and white walls. Gives a feeling of airiness, which is appreciable because its a small space. The customer area is two standing tables, so two parties at a time unless people are willing to get friendly. 
Extra!!
=======
- Cash only
- Arriving at opening time will get you your pizza in 20-30 minutes
- Parking in street turnoff, although it is crowded and parallel
- 7/11 5 minutes down the street if ya need an ATMThis is five star pizza but the overall struggle to get it docks Pizzeria Beddia a star for me. No phone, cash only, limited pies, no seats, and absurd wait times? So pretentious. 
Yes, it is the best pizza I have ever had. There. I said it. Yes, it has, in some ways, ruined all other pizza for me. Yes, when I heat up my otherwise fine leftovers at work I find myself, on occasion, looking longingly at the pizza camp Instagram and scrolling through photos of Beddia's pies on Yelp. Damn it!!
Like many others, Bon Appetit sent us on this escapade and there was a lot of hype leading up to the moment where we actually got to eat pizza. This place has been on our hit list for quite a while, but we live out of town and from the limited hours, to the ridiculous line, to the "we only make 40 pies a day," it remained illusive for over a year. I would make a comment about lost business but Beddia does not appear to give a shit. 
We arrived at 3:30 on a Saturday and there was already a line of about 6 people. There is a max of 2 pies per person and Joe only makes 40 pies, so they can go quickly. There were three of us, and a fourth who stayed home because reheated pizza sounded better than a 3+ hour wait. I really think the concept of a line for food before a restaurant opens is ridiculous. Lines often block the entrance to other businesses which is inconsiderate (thankfully this one is on a corner so it did not.) Lines also make an experience that might otherwise be possible impossible to people who aren't privileged enough to have time off of work or people who are not physically capable of standing or sitting on the concrete for so long. With lines people, especially women, are often prone to street harassment, which happened to me while I was waiting (nothing like getting proposed to by a stranger when the penalty of walking away means losing your carefully sought out spot in line). As I waited, common folk passed and told us we were silly along with our pretentious pizza. I agreed. The three of us took shifts waiting so that at every point someone in our party could have a break to walk around or get a drink next door. The place opened about 15 minutes early so I downed my drink after I got an urgent text from my husband who ultimately had to put the order in without my input. I arrived right after he ordered, and had to keep my head low as I ran in since half the line wanted to make sure I knew there was one lol.
Everyone has a phone (except Pizzeria Beddia) and reservations are a thing and courteous to paying customers. I am ready for the hipster/elite "pleebs must wait in line for hours before a restaurant even opens because it makes my restaurant trendier" thing to be done. If you can't give up the line, at least say "thanks for waiting" when customers finally get to order? Despite my annoyance for these type of lines, I waited in one. Judge me as harshly as I have, I am embarrassingly part of the reason lines for places like this are a thing of the present. 
Ok enough about customer service and other overrated such practices. Let's talk about the pizza. We got two pies, one was a white pizza with a cream drizzle and crunchy broccoli leaves and the other was a red pizza with half sausage and hot pickled peppers and half plain. SO GOOD! Plenty of sauce a cheese, tons of flavor, and perfect crunchy thin crust. We observed the legend himself make our pizzas and drizzle oil on them from a gold thing. We got the 3rd pizza and we were able to eat it inside at one of the high top communal tables (no chairs of course. that would be a common courtesy lol). I had major fomo of the spicy pizza on the menu and considered ordering it despite being pretty full, but we were deterred by the fact that we had already spent over $60 on two not so huge pies and of course by the task of waiting in Fishtown for another 3 hours until pick up time.
Next time I will probably hedge my bets and come around 5:30, and put my name in for a late night dinner of the arrabbiata pie. Until then, I'll keep trying to find a pizza joint of this caliber that's less of an ordeal.Never experienced ordering a pizza like this!  Thought the pizza was pretty damn delicious but not sure it would be worth the jumping through hoops and the price per pie again.  $20 for a cheese pizza is a pretty penny but I guess worth the indulgence on occasion for the fresh tasting ingredients.  The 4 star rating is based purely on inconvenience and the price but in terms of taste it's a 5 star.  That being said I do want to try one of their specialty flavors!This is some of the best pizza around. Quality product from a man who knows his pizza. This two person operation only makes 40 pies so get on line early--5:00.Some would call me a pizza master.  I take pizza seriously and don't get overwhelmed easily by your average pizza.  This place is very understated.  No phone, no seating.  Just 2 tables that you can stand at.  We brought some beer and grabbed a table.  At one point, another group of people joined us at our table as they finished their pizza.  To me, thats an experience that you don't get at every restaurant and I think part of the joy of this place.  Well part of the joy until I received the pizza and then my joy was all about that delicious pie.  We got the cream based pizza.  Kind of a fancy white pizza.  It was a little hot, which I liked and the flavors just popped off the plate.  The crust was pretty thin and crunchy, I might had liked it a tad more chewy but all in all, I'm a fan.  Another cool, great restaurant in Fishtown!Yes, yes, and yes.  I lucked out on my last visit; I was the first one in on a Saturday night and only had a 20 minute wait for two pizzas.  I ordered a plain with basil with roasted chiles on 1/2 and the white option with sausage and kale.
Having only a 20 minute wait, I decided to stick around and watch Joe at work.  Watching him make each pizza (slowly, with love) reminded me of Dom from DiFara's in Brooklyn.  I was taking my pies to go, but when one came out of the oven before the other, Joe suggested I eat a slice right away.  Couldn't argue with that!  It's just great pizza, plain and simple.  The crust is amazing.  The toppings are high quality.
Yes, it's a pain in the ass.  Yes, it's expensive.  Yes, it's worth all of that!  Yes, yes, and yes.Used to eat here all the time.  Great pizza. Angry pie is number 2 pie in city. Get the angry pie it is as good as it gets.
Now the problem:
No one can be a regular here any more. It is pretty much for tourists and local first timers.
Reality is you need to show up at 4 to get one of the early pies and 445 to get a pie at 930.  the no number no res gimmick was great when he was pretty successful but now that he is big time its just rude to customers to make them wait hours and hours to eat. If he just took online orders that charged at the time of order regulars could enjoy his pies again. 
I root for their continued success but no way Im waiting in an hour long line for a pizza in a city where there are 15 great options. 
Fix the ordering system or expand, I want to enjoy a Joe Beddia pie again!I sat in line for 2.5 hours in sub zero temperatures for a $23 white and broccoli. I lost a limb, but damn that pizza was decent. 
** Temperatures in centigrade.Loved the pizza arrabiatta! Spicy and fabulous. I need to figure out the next time I'll be feasting on another slice of deliciousness!I went here last night with my husband and we had the number two. It is the best pizza I have ever eaten! The two guys behind the counter are super charming and dedicated to making beautiful and delicious pizza with excellent ingredients. Well worth the wait, which we spent next door at Johnny Brenda's drinking tasty blackberry beer!Pizza is so good it doesn't matter whether any of their other business practices make sense.Probably the best pizza in the city. We came and were very lucky not having to wait. 3 of us split two pies, a red and a white. I'll definitely be back soonPizza was good, not mind blowing, and definitely not worth the price and wait.  I waited an hour and a half for two pies which cost me $44's!  What take out place doesn't have a phone???  And only three types of pies?They have no phone, so you can't call ahead and find out they're sold out at 8:30 on a Friday night. So you can drive half an hour to get there and park and then you get to go home. Why would I risk going there ever again?Oh boy. This pizza is worth the wait.  I love the fact that the owner is there making each and every pie. Very old world, old school. One of the best things about Kensington is it's  vibrant small business community. Pizzeria Beddia is an asset to the neighborhood and makes a killer pie that can't be beat.I lined up an hour before opening on a cold fall Saturday. I am a huge pizza fanatic and I needed to try "the best pizza" and see for myself. Waited about 45 minutes to place my order. It sucks because some people were cutting in line but it wasnt worth the trouble to start something just for some damn pizza. There is a limit 2 pies per person. 1 pie is enough for 4 people. But of course i had to get 2 pies. I didnt get my pizza until 700pm! Luckily there are plenty of places to kill time (barcade, sugar house casino, acme within 2 blocks) Staff was super chill. Just two guys: one at the register and the guy cooking it. The pizza was amazing!!! The ingredient that makes the pizza was the cheese. It was a creamy cheese that I've never tasted before. The angry pizza was good but too spicy for my taste. Was it the best pizza? No but it should be in most's top 5. The experience of getting the pizza sucked due to the long ass wait and possible sellout (although everyone that lined up on opening got a pie). Maybe I will come back if there is no line but advise everyone to try it!I love pizza and I've eaten it all over the world over the past 25 years. I can say with very little doubt that Pizzeria Beddia makes the best pie I've ever had. No, they don't have chairs but who cares? If you're looking for a sit-down meal experience there are hundreds of places nearby that you can do just that. They don't have seats because that is not their model. They aren't trying to sell you wine, salad, entre, dessert, coffee. It's all about the pie here and it's GREAT. Buy it, eat it and GTFO.Finally, Fishtown has REAL pizza. I am all about convenience; however, this place is pretty inconvenient since you have to order your pizza and wait around and you can't call ahead and it's cash only. But ya know what, I really don't give a crap because the pizza is just that good. The crust is perfect, the sauce is superb and I highly believe there is some addictive ingredient in these pies because I just want to eat their pizza every week.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!Definitely well-above average pizza for Philly (I'm more of a NYC pizza fan). The Angry pizza is my favorite here - wonderfully spicy! When visiting this small Fishtown shop, you can watch the pizza being made and immediately recognize the meticulous craftsmanship that is put into each and every pie.
I work right in the vicinity of this place, and I'd be there a lot more often if it weren't for the limited hours they're open. Plus they were recently voted "best pizza in America" in Bon Apetit Magazine (I think that's a little overboard), and now there are crazy lines there all the time, so unfortunately this place is no longer an option for me. I mean, it's really good pizza, but I can't jump through the hoops necessary these days to get my hands on a pie. 
I wish they'd extend their hours....or hire an additional pizza maker....expand the business a bit so they can serve more customers, but apparently they prefer to stay small and niche so they can continue to control the quality. I can certainly respect that, but it just means I can't get the pizza anymore :-(Pizza is very good but the process of getting a pizza is awful and not worth it. Just waited in line for 40 min before being told it was going to be a 2 and a half hour wait. Only 20 orders were taken before ours and the cashier decided to put down orders he had written down somewhere else in before taking ours (even though you are not allowed to phone in orders so I'm not sure how this happened). Man before us was given a wait time of only an hour and a half? Really upset with this experience and will not be returning so because of this.It is a cash only, standing room only, limited supply establishment. The pizza is very good and the two workers were incredibly kind and friendly. You will need to get there VERY early to wait in line- I'm talking about an hour before it opens (if your gonna wait in line you better make sure you will actually get a pizza to eat, it sells out) so have slot of time to kill- and also bring a lot of cash because it is not cheap. Order your pies and then go to a bar to wait (they will tell you the time to come back and pick them up). Then get some drinks and take your pie to a park and pig out. 
Is it the best pizza ever? No (these things never are, except one- salt and straw in Portland Oregon is truly the one ice cream place to rule them all) but it is a good pie and it is a pleasant experience (take a friend you haven't seen in awhile and use the time to catch up) and then you can brag all over town how you went there once and blah blah blah hipster cred.At first was a bit put off by the no phone, wait in line, 40 pizzas a night business model, but it is undoubtedly the best pizza I have ever had in my life, and that includes pizza in NYC and Italy. Joe is a master and truly loves what he does and it comes out in his product.  Their plain pie is all you will ever need.THE BEST PIZZA I'VE HAD... and I've travelled. A lot!
It's more than a good traditional pizza you can find in Italy. Ok, there's a wait and it's a bit expensive but it's like going to a fancy restaurant. Seriously!
Every week, I can't wait to have my beddia pizzaJoe makes some great pizza! Numerous times my lady and myself have walked in, ordered a couple of pies and chatted with everyone working there. They are so nice and even sometimes will have some really great complimentary bread and olive oil to dip it in. The pizza itself is fantastic but I must say that it's worth eating immediately , although you can get away with a quick walk home. I can't talk highly enough about this place. The lack of a phone number never really was an issue for me, and sometimes the wait times can be upwards of 45 minute but then I just pop over to Johnny Brenda's for a beer while I wait.I have literally created an account right this minute to review this place.
I should start by advocating myself as a pizza authority.... well I am not. I have eaten quite a bit of pizza like everyone here; including the obligatory Da Michele-Napels, Grimaldi's-NYC, chicago deep dish and blah blah blah who cares.
The pizza at this place is at the top of the list for best pizza on the planet, and there is no question about that statement. There is one pizza maker, Joe, he makes every single pie himself, and it is exactly the same every single solitary time. He uses incredible ingredients he himself picked (I swear the olive oil on top is made of crack), and made pizza at credible places for years before opening this place. He loves making pizza, as evidence by telling him his pizza is amazing and watching him get giddy like a kid. 
Yes, you will wait. Yes, it takes one hour at least. If you want to your door quick pizza order from your local pizza bodega or Domingo's, its all convenient and edible. Name one place with top notch food in any category that you do not have to wait for. If you can not enjoy ordering a pie, heading to the bottle shop and picking up a beer or two to go with your pie, and then having a cocktail at Fette Sau or Johnny Brenda's to kill time, and then diving into one of the best pizzas the world has to offer, mind you in front of the guy who just made it while he asks you several times if everything is OK..... well then you have bigger problems.
I feel lucky to know about this place. The crew there has been known to store a bottle of hooch or two for regulars, known to make space at the cash register for people that want to eat there, and known for just being good folks. They have made more than one no frills Friday night for me and the GF memorable, and we are just regular folks who stumbled on this place using yelp. Get the cheese, go back two weeks later get the spicy pie, and keep coming back you will not regret it. Da Michele will always be at the top of my list, but this place is in a tie for number one. I wish I could give it more stars. Thanks Joe.Some of the best pizza I've had in my entire life
Very expensive, but very worth it
Jiro dreams of sushi / Beddia dreams of pizza
1loveThe menu is so simple. You need to walk in and pay if you want to order anything (no phone or online orders) and the pizza is worth it. I like the pizza arrabbiata, because it is a little spicy. If you live nearby, you should try it out. I've been here three times so far, and plan on coming back!
*I am editing this review in Jan 2017. This was a 5 star review, but I changed it to a 2 star review. Since getting press, and a book deal, and whatever other fancy pretentious nonsense, the owner of this place has convinced himself that its acceptable to make the prices even higher. I came here when they opened, and I loved the pizza, but the prices are out of control. Come back to reality, please, and make your pizza more affordable. Also, be nicer to customers. Whenever I am in there to order a pizza, the owner is rude. I really liked their pizza, but you need to think of your customers, and this guy only thinks about himself, clearly. I'm done coming here.Best pizza, worth the wait, worth the trip. Perfectly crispy and chewy crust, best quality cheese, and superb sauce.Best pizza in America. AMERICA. Not just Philly, our entire country. Bon Appetit awarded Pizzeria Beddia this coveted title back in 2015. 
This little shop in Fishtown had been on my radar for a while and as I finally planned my first trip there, I went with both excitement and nervousness. Can this pizza REALLY be that good? 
Well, it lived up to that hype and then some. While I wouldn't say the pizza was life changing, it was life confirming. It confirmed all my previous preferences and biases for pizza were correct, as this pizza was just so wonderfully delicious. As friends have warned, I think it has also ruined pizza for me. There's SO much mediocre and bad pizza out there that will be even harder to stomach after this experience. 
I'm sure most of you've heard the drill now, they make a limited number of pies per day and you need to get there early. If you want this pizza, you or someone in your group needs to be prepared to wait. If you want this pizza that badly, I'd recommend just making your entire day centered around it; and yes, that would be well worth your time. 
I would like to thank my friend for doing the dirty work and ordering the pies for our group. My husband and I arrived just in time for our first pie to come out of the oven. We opted to dine-in. There are only two tables and you only have a limited amount of time to eat based on the number of pies you order. These tables are high tops and don't have chairs. They also don't have forks and knives in the restaurant. They do have water, and cups if you want to BYOB. 
For a business that has earned such a holy title, Joe and John couldn't have possibly been any more down to earth and humbling. They know to make an extraordinary product and run a successful business. 
Onto the pizza...
We ordered three pies
-A plain pie
-A pie with broccoli rabe, roasted pepper, cream and garlic
- An arrabbiata pie 
Our plain came out first and was the perfect baseline. If you can't perfect a plain, you have no business making pizza in the first place. It came out piping hot, with a butter crust that was both crisp and doughy at the same time and the most perfect whole milk mozzarella anyone could have asked for. 
The broccoli rabe pie was similiar to the plain, yet with toppings (well duh). As the pie cooled, the broccoli rabe began to crisp and the garlic began to soak into the crust. My friend warned us to wait a little until the pie cools, but it's hard to resist when it lands on your table. A slight cooling actually allows for more synergy between all the ingredients, with less chance of burning the roof of your mouth. 
The arrabbiata was hot. There were two types of peppers on the pie and they had kick. There was also a spice to the pie itself. 
As I'm not a professional writer nor professional food critic, it is hard perfectly articulate perfection. I can tell you that all three pies left me smiling and filled to the brim with happiness. The flavors, the textures and blend of ingredients hit my taste buds in the most favorable of ways. Of course, there is countless subjectivity with this statement so take it for what it's worth. All I know is that my expectations were met and well exceeded with a new pizza on my personal pedestal.I have lived around the corner from Pizzeria Beddia for over a year. I would drive by the line waiting outside and often think, how can anyone wait that long for pizza? I finally gave in and I am glad I did! Although it was a long wait, it was totally worth it! The pizza was truly the best I have ever tasted and the waiting it in line was actually a pleasant social experience. Would I wait every weekend, no. But if you want amazing pizza, I'd 100% recommend it.The crust is delicious, the sauce is good, and I like the two cheese thing they have going on. But the sausage was very bland. It was better with the added peppers, but I wish the meat had some kind of spice or flavor. I think all and all its pretty good pizza, but the sausage really brought it down. It was a bit on the pricey end of things, but I can understand that based on the general quality of the ingredients. I wish I could have given it 3 1/2 stars. I'm not sure its the best pizza in Philadelphia yet, but its definitely heading in the right direction.Have not been back since the BA article (Best Pizza in America). Used to be able to roll in around 4:30-4:45 pm break out the old folding chair and wait for Joe and John to spin the lock. After the article people line up way to early so last Sat (the coldest day of the year and Valentines Weekend) I figured NO ONE would be around.
 Got to Fishtown around 4:15 pm start waiting in the car wife says "hey isn't La Colombe around here?"
  I quickly drive her over drop her off; get back right as someone else is queuing up in their car. Park the car jump out and hit the stoop first in line at 4:28 pm.
 By the time the first guy gets out of his car six other people are in line. By the time John shows up its around 15 people by 5:15 its gotta be around 24. Get to order first ----- Angry pie with shrooms and sausage/ plain pie with shrooms and a  Beddia cream pie. By 5:55 p.m. they are sold out by 6:00 we are rolling on 95 back to Media, Pa. with three of the BEST PIZZAS IN AMERICA. These guys have earned the hype and totally back it up with the best FU@#ING pies around.The pizza here is nothing special. While decent for the style, I thought it had several deficiencies: too much cheese, one dimensional sauce, insufficient charring, crackers crust, standard quality olive oil, and merely good pepperoni. I have nothing bad to say about any of the items individually (excepting, perhaps, the sauce) but the pizza itself was good. Was it worth it to drive here from NYC after work? Probably not. Would it be worth it if you were in the neighborhood? Probably.
Would probably not repeat.This place was really excellent and worth the hype.
Awesome industrial-chic interior...very nouveau Fishtown.
The pizzas are handcrafted by one brilliant guy - although the pizzas only take 5 minutes to cook, your food may take some time because of an order backlog. This is worth it.
Bring a beer or some wine (it's BYOB) and relax, watch the pizza genius work.
Beddia is humble, earnest, and phenomenal at his craft. 
Perfect pizza night in Philly.The tomato sauce and the crust are the best I've ever had, anywhere. Since that's the bedrock of any pizza, you really can't mess this pie up. There are two options, or you can build your own based on the list of toppings provided. I hate that we're moving in 6 days, and we've only recently discovered this neighborhood gem!The pizza was good - the wait was not.
I was surprised by the 45 minute wait and when I asked why they don't have a phone number to order ahead, the counter girl replied, "Just go drink a beer somewhere". Well, what if I don't drink?
What normal brick and mortar take out business doesn't have a phone number??
As much as I like the pie, I won't wait that long to eat one. I would wait about 20 minutes on a busy night. Stop trying so hard to be different and let your patrons have some convenience, not all of us can stand around the shop waiting so long.
Please get a phone and you can count me as a repeat customer, until then, no more pizza for me.Joe Beddia has returned a piece of my childhood to me, and I can't put a price on that. 
No one makes pizza like this anymore, and yet they used to. They all did at one point in time. Some were better than others, but for the most part you always got great pizza. What I tasted tonight took me back to the very best of the best!
These days most places don't even make their own dough, let alone sauce; but it's not so much about the dough as it is about the oven and the way it's baked...
..the bottom of the pie has that ashen grey look with bits of char here and there. And then there's the char along the edges, and the bubbles that rise up along the crust and then get burnt and fall back into themselves, or remain, charred but intact (which is the best!). It's really the crust that makes the pizza, but it's also the cheese - you can see by the way that the oil separates that this is the highest quality cheese. All of the ingredients they use are the best. 
I've dreamt of this pizza. I've dreamt of tasting it (and have never, until now, found it), and I've dreamt of making it myself professionally (I make brilliant pizza, but it isn't in the same ballpark). I will continue to dream of this pizza. It inspires me.Pizza is awesome!!   
Ridiculous hours and no phone number.   How can you have a pizza shop with no phone.  I am supposed wait in their shop or in my car for them to cook a pizza.  
 I ain't got time for that!!!!If your picky when it comes to pizza like me, this is the joint! Yeah it's def a little pricey, but you gotta pay for perfection. especially here in philly with all the mediocre pizza spots. The sauce... Perfect and not to sweet. Must be the jersey tomatoes. The cheese... Awesome. And the dough... Slightly crispy crust like a good pie is supposed to have with a nice greasy bottom. Ninja turtle pizza!I had a very good experience at Pizzeria Beddia. Placed an order at 7:10, was told to return at 7:55, went to Bottle Bar East to have a drink, came back and they were setting the "table" for us. Pizza was piping hot and ready to eat. Magical.
We got half mushroom, half salame. I had asked if the salame was like soppressata and I was told yes, but in fact it is not. It's more like a sliced sausage- meaty and gamey, not cured, and I am not in to that. The mushrooms, however, were excellent. Zack and I ate the whole thing, and which was justified because of the "one 16 inch pie serves approximately two" sign. Otherwise I probably would have had just three slices (not four!). 
The crust is the dreams stuff are made of. You must experience this crust. Looking forward to trying the white and spicy pizzas next time. 
Strangely, I didn't mind standing up to eat. With food this good, you don't really think about it.Believe the hype. One of the best times I've had eating in Philly in the last 13 years (since I moved here). Well worth the effort.No question: the finest pizza I've ever had. Worth the wait. Do not throw away your shot.People come here because of the hype and good word of mouth...I admit I did, but the awesomely amazing fact is the pizza is f*cking awesome!
Everything others have said about the fact the man himself makes each dough and pizza from scratch to the fact he keeps it simple yet refined/subtle in the details makes this worth believing in pizza!Some pretty good pizza here! Beddia seems like a small, family run restaurant that takes time with each pie to ensure quality ingrediants and presentation.
We got a pepperoni pizza to go and right off the bat I noticed a few things:
1) Quality pepperoni!!
2) Three cheese toppings on all pies is a seriously smart move, mozzerella, parmesean and another one I can't remember. 
3) Thin crust on the inner (where the sauce and cheese go) but nice and fluffy crust on the outer ring. My favorite type of crust!
4) This pizza needs to be eaten fresh. Do not take this out and wait half an hr before you eat it. As all pizzas do, it got greasy once we took it home. With fresh and good ingrediants, you want to be sure you're eating them fresh out of the oven as well.
Will definitely come back here! Save it for a special occassion as the pies are expensive, but seriously good!!Best pizza I've ever had.  Like the stand up tables and wow, what a location to go get some drinks while you wait for your pizza. The best. 
Baba BooeyFinallly!  A place within walking distance of my home that makes me even happier that we moved to Fishtown twenty-eight years ago.  Joe Beddia is, quite simply, a blessing on Girard Ave.  We've had only one of his ricly succulnt pies, but it was a pretty good indication of things to come.  Not since I walked into a tiny Mom and Pop store in Bari, Italy, back in 1957 and had a small single serve pie have I tasted anything as rich and flavorfull.  It's good to know that there is someone who is seriously devoted to the artistry of making pizza.  Mr. Beddia's future is solidly set in a combinaton of perfect dough and flawless toppings.We showed up about 45 minutes before they opened. We waited and ordered our food then had to wait about an hour and a half to get our pizzas. We killed time In the area and got our pies. It was $60 for our 2 pizzas. The pizzas and ingredients are certainly top notch. My friend group and I thought the pizzas were probably worth either the money or wait but not both. Our tip would be to show up a bit earlier on placing the order end and get your pizza earlier rather than having to wait another hour and a half because you had a later order in line.It opens at 5:30. I got there at 4:30! Ten people in line at 5pm. I got in first and got soon my pizza (a margherita). The pizzas ordered by later comers were expected to be ready as much as 1.5 hours later. Excellent pizza, prepared with great care, excellent ingredients, well cooked, dough with good texture. One reservation: the dough is not as tasty as I hoped, perhaps overwhelmed by the excellent tasty cheese and mozzarella. I would I have liked a bit more sour and strong tasting dough.  The day after, the left over, reheated, was excellent still. 
If I lived in the neighborhood of Beddia, I would eat there once a week. Living 35 minutes away by car, with queueing and potential long waits for completion of the order, I may go there a couple of times a year, which is a pity considered the good quality of the pizza.Tried this place for the first time this weekend. It was good, but I'm not sure it was worth $28 for a pizza with sausage and mushrooms.First time there? Owners suggested the classic red pie. It was amazing. Crust is super crispy. Olive oil is so good. And the owner is so nice. He's super knowledgeable about wines.Living less than a block away from Pizzeria Beddia, I've been waiting with bated breath for it's arrival. That time has come and I was finally able to bask in all of it's pizza-centric glory. There aren't many places in Philadelphia where an artisan takes as much pride in his/her craft as Joe Beddia does and it certainly shows in the final product. 
The place is very small, with only two hightop tables and no chairs. There's very little in the way of decor and the menu is extremely limited. However, none of this detracts from the experience. The staff, including Joe himself, is extremely friendly and welcoming. I felt as though I had walked in to someone's house rather than their business establishment
Now - for the pizza! We ordered the tomato and cheese pie with mushrooms. We watched it being made from start to finish. Fresh, local ingredients are used throughout the process and (thankfully) Joe has shunned the trend of the wood-oven. He pulled our pizza hot out of the oven with dark bubbles in the crust, grated some fresh cheese on top, drizzled some olive oil on it, placed it in a box, and sent us on our way. It was one of the top three pizzas I've ever had in my life - and I lived in Italy for a while! The crust was crispy, but not too crispy. The mushrooms were fresh and definitely not of the canned variety. The sauce was a perfect blend of sweet and sour. 
The ONLY negative I can conjure up for Pizzeria Beddia is the price. The pizza i ordered with one topping was $22. Not far off from Pizza Brain around the corner, in terms of pricing, but MILES AHEAD in terms of quality. I'd pay $40 for this pizza before I'd pay $20 for Pizza brain again. It's that good.Finally made it to Pizzeria Beddia and it was worth all of the hype. We went on a Thursday and got in line around 4:45, we were 11th in line. We got two pizzas, the classic cheese and the broccoli greens, they were both incredible. The classic cheese was the best slice of za I've ever had; everything about it was perfect the crust, the texture, the crispness, the sauce to cheese ratio, the flavors. Would definitely go again A+++I don't really write reviews on Yelp anymore, but I'm writing this one to say that anyone who would give this joint less than a five should have their taste buds forcibly removed and donated to science. Their white pizza is a thing of wonder, and I say that as someone who hates white pizza. Make sure to max out on chilis!
If you go there often enough, they'll recognize you(r revenue stream) and start doing stuff like give you free bread and wine. I'm working on the free pie - no luck yet.
Sure, it's tiny, hot, and standing room only, but think of that as a chance to preemptively burn off the eight million calories in the pie you just ate, you lazy prick.I compare all pizza to the pizza I have had in Italy. On that front this pizza place fails. When compared to great pizzas in the US this pizza place fails again. Not only do they fail but they charge more for it than anywhere else. No doubt this guy spent more time in business school than perfecting the art of making pizza, because the long lines, the endless hype of "ONLY 40 pizzas a day" worked like a charm. Those foolish trendsetters need to be seen here. I don't even want to know the details behind his connections at Bonus Appetite.ARRIVE EARLY!!!!!
Went yesterday - a Wednesday - @5:35 & queued. Waited 0:15 to learn that the last pie of the day would go to the gal 2 ahead of me in line; they said her pizza would be ready @ 10:25 - nearly 5:00 later! Spoke to 1st customer of day; he arrived at 3:30 to wait 2:00 for opening. So, if you want a pie for 6:00 dinner, arrive @ 3:30. I gave 5 stars to not lower the overall rating.Beddia's pizza is one of the best pizzas I have had in a long time. Seriously, it is amazing. Yes, it's a small place, there is no phone, yes it's pricey and it's more conducive to take out than eat in but it is a one man show. Beddia is churning out the truth and can you really fault a man for lack of seating, using great ingredients or not having a large staff? No. He's one guy making his pizzas which are ridiculously delicious. Go order a pizza and while you wait go have a drink or two at one of the several bars in the area. It will be worth the wait.Outstanding pizza! Totally agree with Thomas M. This place is going to be a HUGE success. My wife and I had a delicious pizza last night . This will be a regular stop for us!As you're probably reading this, Pizzeria Beddia was rated the best pizza in the US by Bon Appeitit magazine.   Be sure to check out their website before going to see if they'll be open or not.
We went on a Wednesday afternoon - arrived by 4:30 and was about middle of the pack in line.  He doors open at 5:30 and it doesn't take long for the orders to be taken.  I think we were out within 5 minutes.  The only issue is that you have to wait some time for your pie!
There are only 40 pies that are served each night, max of two pizzas per person.  Our pick up time was 9:30pm!  4 hours later!  The time is pretty accurate.  
Is it worth the four hours?  Probably not.  I do think it's worth to try once.  We ordered the sausage and peppers (pretty spicy).  Is it the best?  It's a good slice of pizza, crispy outer crust and chewy inner crust.  Cheese and sauce are great, but I'm not going to wait for that pie againWe went through the whole process of getting pizza from Beddia on a Wednesday: arrived at 4:30pm (we were number 24 in-line and got the last two pizza), got our order in at 5:25pm, and picked it up at 10:10pm. Pizza was good but it wasn't mind blowingly good. I don't think I will go through the entire process for their pizza anytime soon. The owner and his helper both were super nice.Fantastic pizza, but expensive. They only make a limited number of pies each day, so they sell out quickly. You have to reserve a pie when you get there and the wait time to get it can easily be an hour or more. If you want to eat your pizza there, you also need to say so when you order it in order to reserve a spot at one of their two standing only tables. You can go to any of the nearby bars in order to bide your time waiting for your pizza. The service is wonderful and the pizza is well worth the wait and the price.Great pies, Joe and the counter guy are great people and the national attention has not swayed his passion for crafting great pies. During my interaction with them, I came to believe that it couldn't happened to better people.The spicy pizza (forgot the name) was exactly what I imagined. Very tasty and spicy to another level.
My fiancé who eats very spicy said it was probably one of the spiciest pizza he's ever had and he loved it. Worth the wait!If you want to taste one of the best pizzas - Try Pizzeria Beddia!!!
You may not like waiting for you pizza, no phone orders, limited selection of toppings, cash only....but all of the "rules" allow the guys to create a near perfect pizza.  
A suggestion - stop by when they open (5:30pm Wed-Sat) and order your pizza for a later pick up.Much awaited highly anticipated pizza!!! Dos it live up to its expectations - well yes indeed it did! The crispy crust with perfect amount of sauce and cheese was absolutely delicious. The only con and probably a big one is that they only make 40 pies a day and cook one at a time, therefore, you need to get there before it opens to make sure you make the cut. We ordered out pizza at 5:45pm and had to come back for it at 8:50pm. Definitely worth the experience but probably not my everyday pizza place. Who has the luxury to wait around that long?Three times I've made the journey across the river into Philadelphia to garner a chance at purchasing this delicious pizza. 
Pizzeria Beddia is run by  two guys dedicated to making some really delicious, straightforward pizza. 
The price tag and the line is worth it. The high quality of the ingredients and the attention given to the production make this pizza great. I would prefer that they occasionally mix up the music they play.If you are eating here, chances are you know what you're getting into, so I'll just skip to the food. When the word pizza is spoken allowed, this is the flavor that word is referring to. The perfect pizza. No more, no less.This honestly is my favorite pizza in the city.  
I know some people will complain that there is no phone number, they only take cash, you have to stand and eat or the wait is long.  But that's what makes this place great. 
There is some gamesmanship involved with the thought process to getting a pizza.  You have to decide what time you will head over there in the hopes that the wait wont be to long or that they are not sold out yet.  And when you get there and they tell you the next pizza will be out in an hour you kind of feel like you made it. 
In a world where everything is so easy to obtain on demand, this is something that is not and I am okay with it. 
The pizza is the freshest best tasting pie I have had in the city.  I love the flavors, love the crispness and love the idea that I have to figure out the proper timing to go in. 
Joe takes a lot of pride in every pie he makes and it's consistently sensational. 
Jared Polin AKA The FRO.