As a vegan I am always excited when new plant based restaurants open in the city but the issue I have a lot is that most of these restaurants end up being not healthy. I don't eat fried food and am not big on soy which eliminates most of Phillies fast-casual vegan spots unfortunately. I was super excited to learn that PlantPure Cafe doesn't fry anything (BAKED ONLY!!) and they don't use oils and everything is low in calories. I stopped by for lunch today and had the Coconut Mushroom soup which was simple/clean yet very flavorful and delicious. I also had the Avocado Veggie wrap with ginger sesame dressing...another simple healthy but incredibly satisfying meal. I also love that they have a salad bar....not very common to see salad bars in these type of restaurants. It's a great concept filled with a wide variety of fresh veggies you can choose yourself and it's only $8.80 for a large salad!!! I tasted a sample of their green smoothie (they call it Groothie) it was super refreshing!! I can't wait to get it in a full size next time I come in and try everything else on the menu.Worst dining service of my life. Ordered through grubhub and they forgot both of our sandwiches. All that came was ice cream and soup. Let's keep in mind I have the flu. Wouldn't resend our sandwiches. Awful awful awful service and experience. Would never ever order or give any business to this restaurant ever again. I can't even comment on if the food is good because I NEVER GOT !!!!!! Would give less stars if I could. Order at your own risk.I tried PlantPure Cafe for the first time today and it was great! The prices are reasonable, the portions are hearty, and the food is super flavorful. I got the rice bowl with tofu and red curry sauce and it's delicious. Can't wait to try more!Great whole food that's filling and well priced. I got the bowl and was so pleased with all of the freshly cooked vegetables and sauce. I'll be back!Great concept! Prices are reasonable and the staff are very friendly. I got the baked falafel wrap and the falafel itself had decent flavor, as well as the wheat wrap. However, it contained an overwhelming amount of red onions - like an eye-watering, taste bud-numbing amount - and I was unable to finish it. As much as I love the idea of PlantPure Cafe, it might be a while before I get up the courage to try another offering.I seriously love this place. Plant-based food at a reasonable price and the portions are very large. I could only eat half for lunch and brought the rest home for dinner. Lots of veggies and very filling. Plus, I went during lunch on a Monday and on "meatless Monday" you get a vegan ice cream cup! Cool beans. Anyways, I'm looking forward to coming back and trying different things. I got the red curry and it was delicious. I'll be back!Finally a plant based restaurant that does not use oil, sugar and reduced salt.  It was outstanding.  We had the burger, avocado wrap, coconut mushroom soup (broccoli soup was way too salty though) .  Coleslaw was amazing and the vegan ice cream......outstanding!   Prices are reasonable and comparable to Hip City Veg. Can't wait for you to come over to the suburbs, starting with King of Prussia.If you are vegan or not this is a must do. Fernando is a genius! Very friendly and talkative and loves to inform you when the health benefits of his dishes. The only thing I can complain about is that he left our area and moved into Center City LOL he is greatly missed and I go every chance I can.Great place to get some delicious whole plant foods. The portions are large. The coconut curry dressing is amazing on top of a quinoa bowl!!I passed by PlantPure Cafe on my way to work and decided to stop in for lunch. I am very happy I did! Since then, I have already been three times and have not been disappointed!  There are so many items to choose from.  My favorite has been the PlantPure Burrito bowl.  The portions are huge, but there is no guilt because it is all so healthy! I am not even vegan or vegetarian and I would choose the pure soy strips over chicken any day!  The coconut mushroom soup was also amazing!! The prices are very reasonable, so you can't beat that.  So happy to have this new restaurant in town!Soooo tasty and healthy. I got the tacos and salad bar & loved it! I can't wait to go back and try other things-the whole menu look delicious so it was hard to decide!! soft serve ice cream is supper yummy too!!! You should definitely go to Plant Pure if you get the chance!!!!!!!Stopped by Planet Pure which just opened up near Jefferson's campus. Great to have a vegan restaurant return to this area. I had the steak sandwich on a roll and it was very good, loved the roasted veggies on it too! Nice menu options to pick from.I was SO SO SO excited about this place and I was not dissappointed!  First off, it is the same Chef as VGE Cafe in Bryn Mawr, this is his new location.  The food is 100% plant and whole food based, and obviously Vegan.  But no matter your diet, you will LOVE the food here.  It's incredibly tasty, completely customizable (salads, bowls, etc), and it's very inexpensive!!!!
So glad to see this place open and doing well.  I will be back again and again, one of my favorite restaurants in the city already.I had long been looking for an affordable vegan eat-in/take-out spot and when Plant Pure opened, it immediately rose to the top of that list.  This is a place right in the heart of Center City Philly where I can meet up with my vegan friends and everyone order anything off of the menu.  I often get one of the bowls - I love the quinoa with soy strips and jerk peanut sauce.  But the wraps are equally as tasty.  And they have a variety of hot sauces to add to the flavors.  Service is super friendly, it's very attractive inside.  And there's free water or a good selection of my favorite Bai juice drinks.  You don't have to be vegan to enjoy Plant Pure.  Try it and see!This place is amazing. I highly recommend not only vegans to come here and eat but also everyone. This place is healthy and not over filling. The bowl I had let's you pick a base, a protein, and a sauce. If you can't decide on a sauce they let you pick another one and they just put them on the side. The vegetables in the bowls are a great melody together. Pair it with an Honest Tea or even a green smoothie. Trust me and this comes from someone who loves steak. This place is spot on. I heard their vegan ice cream is to die for as well. Go in !I'm so happy this place is open on Sundays now! Had a really great Sunday afternoon experience.  My fiance and I stopped in after I've been scoping this place out for a few weeks. He eats meat and I'm fully vegan, but my fiance has been around several other vegan friendly joints and also enjoys meatless meals. Together we shared a plantbowl with black beans and the quinoa/rice blend, the baked falafel wrap, and the seitan steak sandwich. The food was excellent.  A huge bonus for me is that they do not cook with any added oils, so everything is super fresh and light. The mushroom sauce was awesome...we used it on the bowl and on the steak sandwich.  They also have a ton of different condiments to satisfy anyone's preferences. Can't wait to go back and try the vegan soft serve ice cream. 
Fantastic and friendly service too!This place has been on my radar for a little while now, but I first stopped in a couple weeks ago. I got the Reuben with seitan. It was delivered to my table quickly. Overall enjoyable, but I thought it needed a kick. Fortunately they have a whole rack of condiments including sriracha, which did the job. The sandwich was colder than I expected it to be - likely due to the cole slaw and thousand island, as well as avocado (that I didn't ask for, but was no extra charge.)
They should bottle that vegan thousand island btw, because as far as I know you can't get vegan thousand island anywhere commercially. It was really good!
After I left I thought next time I'm definitely getting a bowl - so I went back today and got a bowl with brown rice, seitan, and red coconut curry sauce - and asked to hold the mushrooms.
Once again it came out fast, and this time I was in love. It might be the best thing I've had outside of my kitchen in a long time. Super satisfying, with great flavors - not spicy btw, despite the pepper icon on the menu next to the curry sauce. Just the right balance of seasoning. I didn't feel like I was eating a bland stir fry from a hippie health food store buffet, or that it was even low in fat or calories. I left there feeling energized and light, yet totally satiated. Wonderful.
Again, the only thing that was a bummer is that it was brought out lukewarm. I was looking forward to a steaming hot bowl on this cold February day. However, it worked in my favor as PlantPure, unlike most places, seems to put the sauce on the side by default. This time I had picked up the tray by the counter, and walking back to my table spilled all of the very liquid curry sauce all over my jeans and sneakers. The friendly staff helped me quickly recover from my faux pas, bringing me wet rags and napkins since the restroom was occupied. Oh, and I got more curry sauce (they brought it over this time ;)
Anyway, I really hope this place sticks around. There really isn't anything quite like it in Center City, or maybe anywhere in the city. Sure there's Fuel a block down but their menu isn't plant-based, and as much as I love HipCityVeg it's basically vegan fast junk food (or at least, the stuff I get there i.e. crispy ranch w/tempeh bacon.) PlantPure is vegan fast health food, and more importantly, it tastes way better than what that image might conjure up. They're still really new, so hopefully they'll address the food temperature issue in time (and hell, I wouldn't even care if they zap it for a minute before bringing it out.) Looking forward to my next visit and trying some of the other items for sure.LOVE IT! My partner and I went here and got the Reuben and the Steak sandwiches. Also tried roasted potatoes with jerk peanut sauce, tried mushroom sauce with the steak sandwich, and the swirled soft serve! Everything was delicious and super filling and flavorful!! Prices are seriously outstanding!!! 
Really sad that Maoz is gone, but this place is amazing and I'm happy it's an option. Will be back again and again I'm sure!Holy moly this place is DELICIOUS. Some of the best vegan food I've had when considering how simple the food is. I got a Plant Bowl with potatoes as the base, seitan as the protein, and the coconut curry sauce. Literally everything about it was perfect. The seitan was so flavorful, and then the sauce on top made it even better. The bowl is pretty big so you should be able to share it with someone. I am totally going to come back.The menu isn't huge but it doesn't matter cause everything is super hearty and delicious. The coconut mushroom soup is filled with veggies and taste like something my mom might make. It doesn't have that high sodium or oily flavor that you get at most places to make a soup seem like it tastes good.. I'm obsessed. Also, I have tried their veggie burger and avocado sandwich both of which are delicious on their own. Plus the vibes of the place are super zen and relaxing.
Definitely a great place if you want a very healthy and flavorful alternative to whatever else you would buy for lunch!Very disappointed. All the food pics posted here looked great. My banh mi was a soggy mess & roll not crispy. Very little soy strips & drowned in dressing. Not what a banh mi should be. Hubby's burger had clumps of over cooked kale. Not a good representation of what vegan food should & can be. Couldn't finish my sandwich because it was so horrible & I am very hungry.The service here is great and the prices are reasonable. The food is awesome, and I don't think that I've had a better wrap. I came in approximately 2 minutes after closing, but I was still helped which I was very thankful for. However, the wrap that I had had a piece of plastic-- like a large piece of plastic in the middle that I was not found of at all. It was one of those bag sealers. Aside from that, awesome place!!This was a perfectly decent lunch spot for vegans or those keeping kosher.  That said, the vegetables in my bowl were definitely floppy and over cooked. I left satisfied and full though and it was quick and comparatively inexpensive. The attendant was helpful and courteous.Coming from someone who is not a vegan or vegetarian I was hesitant to try PlantPure Cafe. But I decided to try this place out because of the raving reviews and I am SO glad I did. This will definitely become my new go-to spot. My friend and I went and ordered a bunch of things on the menu so we could try a little bit of everything. It was all delicious! Looking forward to my next visit!Vegan Bahn Mi is delicious! Coming from a non-vegan or vegetarian I was pleasantly surprised! Definitely will be back.Had bowl and lentil burger.  Both were awesome. Healthy. No added oil. And affordable. I hope they add the carrot dog that Vge Cafe used to offer. It's outstanding. Really good coffee here too. Whole foods, all plants, and yummy!  Way better than Maoz. No greasy, oily food!!Great tacos!! Delish! Great service!  Kind people! Clean! Good, reasonably priced menu.Lovely people, not a great interior, and good food at good prices. I had a good and plentifully sized Banh Mi sandwich for  $8.
Sorry the store doesn't exist in New York, where I live.Love their rice bowls! The peanut sauce is spicy and nice. Didn't really like their Vietnamese sandwich much. Soups are also great! I'm a regular here.I'm so excited that Plantpure opened in center city! It's so delicious, and even better than its really healthy. I made a bowl that was incredible. Can't wait to go back (and back and back and back)I can honestly say I am completely blown away by this place. Friendly, engaging staff. Super clean. Delicious food!!! So healthy and yummy. Watermelon soda was to die for! Bahn Mi wrap was incredible. So so good! Must go when your in Philadelphia!!!!Really simple food.  This is my favorite type of food in general but especially when traveling.  Their plantpure bowl is vegan and filled with simple, healthy foods that are tipped with a sauce.  I didn't get to try much else but it seems like they're doing things very right!Because I'm a nice person, I am giving this purveyor of healthful, tasty, affordable vegan food five stars, even though it offers a reuben without sauerkraut, the idea of which makes my heart hurt.
I have never had a non-vegan reuben, so I don't know how important meat is to that version of the sandwich, but in my experience, a reuben is all about the sauerkraut -- specifically, pairing the sauerkraut with good bread and a vegan protein, and grilling it without letting the kraut make the bread soggy.
Though the bread here is a delightful improvement over the bread at the old, Bryn Mawr incarnation of PlantPure (Vge), it is never, ever acceptable to call a sandwich of protein topped with slaw instead of kraut a "reuben."  This is just setting a lot of reuben lovers up for disappointment, and we have suffered enough.
Having said all this, I will add that PlantPure is my family's favorite restaurant in the city.  It is more affordable and kid-friendly that V Street (though, obviously, that restaurant has some excellent qualities), and the food is much tastier and healthier than that offered at Hip City.  My four year old will even eat here, almost finishing a whole bowl of soup.  (Her friends are fans of the veggie burger.)  Grindcore House would be PlantPure's strongest competition in our minds, but luckily, we call that a coffee shop rather than a restaurant.
I love PlantPure and will return again and again.PlantPure is an amazing lunch spot for those who work, live, or play in the Gayborhood/Market East neighborhoods. Expect to pay anywhere from $7-12 depending on item. But don't worry -- portions are HUGE! I'm not a big fan or go out of my way for oil free foods, but this hit the spot and didn't leave that tired full feeling -- or as some call it -- food coma.
Vegan soft serve is also available! That automatically grants 5 stars for me, as there aren't ample vegan ice cream sources in the vicinity. Delicious and totally recommended from this vegan!Everyone that works here is amazing.  Matt delivers exceptional customer service. Great food and awesome employees.Made the Sunday trip from Jersey just for the Cafe', was not disappointed. Had a bowl, some soup and Black tea. Had to take a to go bag the portion was so large. I will take the train again for another meal. I'm looking forward to it even though I'm a confirmed meat and fried food addicted guy.Just had vegan burrito with seitan as my protein. It was delicious. Tasty sauce, generous portion and nice garnishes. Fast friendly and helpful service. Very fresh and flavorful.Excellent customer service. I had an issue with an allergy to an ingredient in the Reuben, and they went above and beyond to make it right. Great menu and food as well.As an EXTREMELY picky eater, I was wary at first..but this place is awesome!! Everything is fresh, and they stay true to what they're all about--no added oils, extreme amounts of salt, etc. I got a bowl with sweet potatoes, soy strips, and teriyaki, and ate the whole thing and now I'm stuffed (in a good way) definitely recommend for vegans and non-vegans alike!It was not a nice experience for me. I usually dont like insect and I told them this and they did not do anything. You should be careful.The food is delicious and the service is great!  A lot of people recommended PlantPure and at first I was saying it's a vegan restaurant, but I tried it once and I love it.The story behind Plant Pure is pretty interesting....Nelson Campbell, the man from the documentary entitled 'Plant Pure Nation' which tells the story of his journey to obtain state government endorsement of a plant-based diet teamed up with local chef Fernando Peralta who owned Vge, a former vegan joint (I actually wasn't very fond of) in Bryn Mawr to open this flagship location of Plant Pure Cafe, a new, healthy fast food franchise. 
Fernando was inspired to go vegetarian after watching his father suffer through a quadruple bi-pass and seeing his health wasn't up to par either. Fernando then gained interest in Buddhism and educated himself in the truth behind animal cruelty. It was then he went full vegan. Love these types of stories! 
Plant Pure is super simple... sammies, a couple rotating soups of the day, a salad bar, side dishes and make your bowls which seem to be a fan favorite and what I choose when I dine here. You don't have to be a veg-head to enjoy a meal here. In fact, I highly recommend it if you're not! It's so tasty you won't miss the meat.... 
You simply pick your protein (soy strips, black beans, baked tofu, seitan) a base (either brown rice and quinoa or potatoes), and then your oil free delicious sauce (red coconut curry, jerk peanut, creamy mushroom, teriyaki). Kale, broccoli, sweet potatoes, onions, roasted peppers, corn and mushrooms automatically come with every bowl. You may ask for substitutes or to eliminate as you wish. I personally keep forgetting ask to eliminate corn. I would also recommend NOT choosing the potatoes as a base because it come with yams as a topping. For me it was a bit too many, taters and I really love spuds. 
On both visits I opted for the seitan as my protein. It came highly recommended by the employees every time. It's pretty delicious, sliced thin and perfect texture. I alternate between the jerk peanut sauce and red coconut curry as they are the spicy (but not really) options. I can't choose a favorite. Both very delicious!! Sauce comes on the side so drizzle as you wish although the bowls are all under 500 calories so go for it! In fact everything on the menu is under 500 calories! It's hard to believe that actually. 
We have tasted the black bean soup which is perfectly spiced and the coconut mushroom wth chunks of meaty 'shrooms. It is TO. DIE. FOR! I would go out of my way for this soup alone!! It's creamy consistency and so flavorful!
They have a few kids' options in addition to the regular menu as well as vegan soft serve! Say what?! Kids loved it!
They also have what some may be familiar with and that's a "Groothie". If you're a vegan in the city you have heard this term for a green spinach based smoothie at other veg friendly spots. Curious, I asked an employee and she explained that a Philadelphia woman trademarked the term and sells it to many local plant based eateries. Neat!
Everything on the menu is whole foods-plant based, made with whole grains, nothing fried, no animal products, no added oils and limited sugars - mostly from natural sources. It's straight forward food. 
100% VEGAN. 
ZERO CHOLESTEROL. 
NO ADDED OILS. 
UNDER 500 CALORIES
PREPARED FRESH ON-SITE
BALANCED NUTRITION
Love the message and the purpose behind this business plus the food is delicious! I wish them much success! 
Plant based or not, give it a go! It's so incredibly delicious  and at a reasonable price point for a feel-good, quick meal!The portion sizes are unbelievable! Be prepared to leave full. Sandwiches were very fresh and very tasty. We waited no more than 5  minutes for our order. This meal was inexpensive considering we are in the heart of a city eating "specialty" food. Kudos to the staff. We will be back!I've had the black bean bowl and the salad bar here. You can't get a better deal on a salad bar!! A size small salad is ~$6 and they don't make you weigh it before you pay (i.e. I can add all the heavy cherry tomatoes I want without worrying about a price increase!). The cilantro lime dressing was delicious but a little thick. I ended up bringing the salad back to my office and diluted the thicker dressing with some red wine vinegar that I have. My only suggestion is that they add oil and vinegar to the salad bar (or maybe it is already there and I missed it). Great place for a quick healthy lunch!!As one who was a Vegan for four years in the early aughts, then Vegetarian for the next few, and now a meat eater again, I found this place recently as I have an interest in simple healthy eating as I am now in my 40s. 
This place is amazing. My favorite item are the tacos. Chock full of so many veggies, you don't know you are not eating meat. For real. Another reviewer commented that they skimped on the avocado. Maybe with theirs, but not with mine. Yes, it looked exactly like the picture the owner took. 
There are only a few tables, and it is definitely a cafe and not a restaurant. Just letting you know. Hence the name. Place is clean, service is friendly. Looking for a healthy lunch in Center City, check this place out. You'll love it.Stopped in here to try it out as it is still a fairly new spot in Center City. The decor inside is really cute! Everything in the restaurant is vegan which I think makes it kinda unique! I ended up going for an order of the tacos. I feel like they could have used a little more seasoning throughout. I could help but feel like they stuck to their name a little too much at times I felt like I was eating the plant. A little hot sauce and the palate changed completely. Fair price $9 for three taco. And I like how all their prices are the same. It doesn't cost more for one thing vs the other! They even featured a salad bar.This was our first time going to Plantpure Cafe, l may say we were quite pleased.  Lauren was Awesome in her recommendation from the menu, we were able to use our Groupon which was an added treat.  We will be visiting again.   The vegan ice cream was a very tasty too.  We didn't get the young man's name who brought the yummy vegan burger to our table, but he has a wonderful demeanor.  Kudo to you for a nice meal.A groupon got me there, and now I just want to crawl into their basement hoping to go unnoticed and live the rest of my life from PlantPure scraps. 
Seriously, it's that good.  And I'm not even a vegan.  I went with two friends, also non-vegans, and they loved it as well.  
Healthy.  Delicious.  Earth-friendly.  Affordable.  What more can one ask for?Stumbled across this place while looking for a new lunch spot and was delighted to hear that this was in the same place as Maoz. Based on my meal there, it's a more than worthy replacement for our fallen falafel place. I'm not a vegan by any strict standard, but eat plenty of vegan meals without trying.
I got a plant bowl, with rice/quinoa, seitan, and the coconut mushroom sauce. Seriously. So, so good. Everything was cooked to perfection in the bowl, which included kale, sweet potatoes, onions, peppers, and corn. My dad joined me and got the same thing except with red curry sauce (which I tried and was happy to taste that it wasn't too reliant on salt for flavor, which is a huge plus for me).
I wish it hadn't been cold so I could've treated myself to the vegan self serve. Plus the sandwiches that were being brought out to other customers looked delicious!
The staff is also incredibly friendly! I was greeted upon walking in the door and once again as I left. Some places can't be bothered with the former, let alone the latter.
I'm very much looking forward to the next time I spend my lunch break there.I love this place! True vegan values, and food. So delicious, I love the Reuben in a wrap, but the bread is also amazing. Definitely something for everyone, you don't have to be a vegan to enjoy this awesome food. To the very young to the very old there is something yummy and delicious waiting for you here. The extra bonus is you can count on it being very nutritious as well. Plus the people who own and work here are awesome human beings, I will follow you from Bryn Mawr to Philly, because it is totally worth the trip. I have taken hard core meat eaters here and they hated to admit it but they loved the "steak"sandwichs!Why so stingy with avocado? Unlike the pictures posted by owner on yelp, out of my three tacos, one had a single piece of avocado and the other two had two pieces each. Taste isn't great but itself, but is ok after adding the sauce. If you're charging 8 bucks for three vegetarian tacos, I expect more ingredients of nutritional value. Some standardization of product assembly would be good.Friendly staff, excellent food. Given the high quality of the ingredients, prices are quite reasonable.I was really sad that Maoz closed, but I was really excited when Plant Pure opened up, because I'm always a fan of more vegan eats. I like that they write the calorie counts on the menu, and that everything they have is under 500 calories. The staff is very friendly.
I ordered the vegan Banh Mi and a side of roasted potatoes. I will say that I'm a bit disappointed this place doesn't offer fries of some sort (even sweet potato!). Also, my food looked nothing like the beautiful, brightly-colored photos I saw on Yelp before I came. Here goes:
-Potatoes: Maybe I just got a bad batch, but their roasted potatoes were REALLY DRY, stale, and hard to chew. They're also quite bland - could barely taste any salt/herbs. I ended up digging through it to find as many not-terrible potatoes I could, before giving up and tossing it. Really wish I had not ordered them, very unappetizing.
-Banh Mi: I must say that they have HUGE PORTIONS. I'm a fan of getting the most bang for my buck, and this place delivers on that end. I swear, the sub was larger than subways!! However, the bread wasn't toasted and REALLY SOGGY from the cucumbers/sauce. Yikes. Also, I wasn't really expecting the small, diced-up pieces of tofu in the sandwich (the menu says strips), but they weren't bad. Just a little bland.
-With the Banh Mi, they offer you your choice of sauce, and I opted for the peanut Jerk sauce. I guess I was expecting something spicier (because, well, "Jerk" hints at spicy, no?), but overall the sauce was a great complement to my soggy, bland sandwich and added some much-needed flavor.
Overall, my high hopes for this place fell flat. They delivered in that their food is affordable, light and healthy, but they've sacrificed flavor. However, I'm hoping my review is based on an off-day - I'm definitely open to giving it another chance. I didn't get a chance to try their vegan soft serve, so at the very least I'll be returning for some ice cream!I'm very excited that PlantPure Café took over the spot that used to be Maoz. PlantPure Café has a ton of vegan street cred. It's a collaboration of Fernando Peralta from Vgë and Nelson Campbell of the documentary PlantPure Nation.
It has an all vegan menu that still includes the falafel and pita you're used to getting at this address. But they've added many more options too. For my first trip there, I went with a bowl that had brown rice & quinoa as its base, seitan for protein and red coconut curry as the sauce. It was as delicious as it was healthy.
They also have the Groothie, a green smoothie by Get Real Get Raw that has organic kale, spinach, and apples. An added bonus is they have vegan soft serve ice cream too!This place is fantastic. Many vegan restaurants serve food that is oily and not particularly healthy. That's why it was such a joy to find PlantPure where the food is light and healthy in addition to being very tasty, filling and vegan. 
My girlfriend and I stopped in for lunch today and had a tofu bahn mi and a bowl with roasted potatoes, black beans and veggies. Both were delicious.
In addition to the excellent food, the layout is modern and comfortable and is located conveniently in Center City. I didn't get the name of the young man who took our orders but he was very friendly and helpful in answering our questions. The restaurant is spotless. I look forward to dining hear again on future visits to Philly.Fantastic heart healthy lunch! The falafel wrap and side salad really hit the spot. Great flavor and no added oil. The portions are big and because they don't add oil, the calories for main dishes are reasonable (500 kcal or less). If I lived in Philadelphia, this would be my go-to spot. I'm really hoping they franchise and grow.UPDATE: This restaurant is now closed at this location. A note on the door states that they are looking to re-open at a new location. I sure hope they do!  They definitely would benefit from a bigger space. 
Had bowl and lentil burger.  Both were awesome. Healthy. No added oil. And affordable. I hope they add the carrot dog that Vge Cafe used to offer. It's outstanding. Really good coffee here too. Whole foods, all plants, and yummy!  Way better than Maoz. No greasy, oily food!!This place is fantastic.
Let me just first say - I don't care about the "plant pure" part of what they do at all. Legitimately, I don't care. So I have no real comment on it. I went in looking for delicious food at a good price. I'm not vegan or vegetarian, but I know what I like.
I went in with a friend. He ordered the "reuben", which is seitan or pure soy strips, cole slaw, thousand Island. He did remark that he was surprised about the cole slaw being a substitute for sauerkraut. I'm not sure if this wasn't reflected on the in-store wall menu or if he just didn't read it, but he said it was tasty either way.
I ordered the Baked Falafel - baked falafel, cucumber, tomato, onion, peppers,
kale, hummus in a whole wheat wrap or pita. They didn't have pita available, which is kind of surprising since it seems like, you know, it's a very pita kind of place. I opted to have a hoagie roll rather than a wrap. My sandwich was legit delicious. The falafel was a bit on the overcooked side, but the ingredients came together like magic. I chose to not have kale in favor of extra tomato and onion.
I also had an unsweetened iced tea, and my friend ordered some of their soft serve which honestly was nothing special.
I would have liked the sandwiches to be a few bucks less to be honest, but I'll definitely come back here. The staff, by the way, is exceptional. Like truly top notch.Purely, Plant-based gold! See what I did there? Anyway, this is my go-to lunch spot on business trips to Philly. I love the plant bowls and their soups are to live for. In a city full of vegan options (shout out to Philly for that!), PlantPure stands out with its fresh ingredients and unique flavors. I love that they use very little, if any, oil --leaving me light and satisfied after every meal (sometimes two meals a day) from this place!OMG. It's rare that I feel compelled to write a Yelp review as soon as I start eating something. 
I am eating takeout from PlantPure for the first time, and it is delicious. I got the coconut mushroom soup. Phenomenal. Not salty or spicy, lots of mushrooms, great Thai-style broth. I also ordered a brown rice/quinoa bowl with baked tofu cubes. It also includes sweet potato cubes, broccoli, corn, kale, onions, peppers. It tastes homemade! 
The staff in the restaurant was very nice too, and repeatedly apologized for a slight delay due to a receipt-printing issue.
I am in love.