This is everything I want in take out food - fresh, yummy, and relatively healthy. I also love that there is a good to go place in Northern Liberties that is convenient - there is not enough of that!Not bad. Prices are very reasonable, service is friendly. This place works like a subway: you go in, pick a size and start adding ingredients which you can see. Sizes are deceiving and pack more of a punch than you'd think, based on just looking at them. That being said, a large bowl may or may not be enough for a hungry person, and the lack of additional sides or other items to quench your appetite may leave you either ordering another bowl, or seeking munchies elsewhere.I went here on a VERY busy day and everything moved very quickly! The ingredients are fresh, delicious, and beautiful. You have your option to creat your own bowl (chipotle style) or order one of their suggested combinations. They top it off with a cute little flower at the end :) I loved this place and will definitely be coming back!I love poke bowls. I became obsessed in Cali. So much delicious fish at such good price. So much cheaper than sashimi. So when this place opened, I showed up on the first day. I couldn't wait but unfortunately I was let down. 
1. They were really friendly
2. I got the biggest bowl ($11.95) and I was highly disappointed at how small it was!! Also they gave me very little fish. 
3. When we got to the veggies, the owner told me I could pick whichever and how many I wanted. So obviously I picked one of each. 
4. When paying, somehow my order went from 11.95 to $19 something !!  They had charged me
For some of the extra veggies, but he never told me about that or else I wouldn't have picked one of each. 
Overall, I will give it a try in a few months once they are more established bc I want so bad to have a poke bowl place in the city. There will be another poke bowl restaurant opening soon in Chinatown, so hope that one is better than this one.I loved the poke bowl! They allow for a lot of customization and you can get pretty much unlimited toppings, but the serving is smaaalll. I got the large and it definitely doesn't seem large, but that could be just my perspective from spending too much time eating at American restaurants.My favorite go to takeaway spot. The ingredients are fresh and delish. Ever since I tried Poke I've been hooked. You won't regret giving this place a shot.I was taking a stroll in No. Libs today, on a quest to find some Pokemon in the wild. When I found myself famished and in need of some healthy sustenance. I got on my trusty Yelp app and searched for local gems. I saw lots of great reviews for Poke Bowl and it was close by, so I made my way over. I had never had Poke before and was very excited to try this new trend. The selections for protein are mostly raw, so if you're not into that, there's not much here for you. You create your bowl by picking either greens or rice and adding protein (3 or 5 scoops), vegetables, toppings and sauce. They complete the bowl by adding a pretty, edible flower. This is such a nice touch! My bowl was excellent!!! I had rice with octopus, shrimp and salmon topped with mango, pineapple and a sweet sauce. The combination was a stellar one. So many great flavors came together for an awesome experience. The cost for my small Poke Bowl and a drink came to about $13. It was a little expensive for a casual lunch, but worth the experience. Delicious!!!!Ugh I am craving this so bad right now. I came here and got my very first poke bowl and it was delicious! I am not too adventurous with food and I am very nervous ordering things that I'm not familiar with but the workers gave me the best possible option because it turned out to be heavenly. Pricey but that is to be expected for food like this, and I think it is totally worth it.There was no soy sauce in my order. Barely any ponzu sauce and the tuna and salmon were sliced in correctly. I'm VERY disappointed. How can you slice fish into LARGE cubes? Never ordering from here again. The tuna is brown, the jalapeños are not fresh. I would like a full on refund.I strolled in here right before close and they were nice enough to make me a poke bowl! It was so good and full of good quality tuna and salmon. The worker recommended the sweet and spicy sauce so I did that. I'll be back!Poke Bowl is great. It's small and there's no normal seating...just bar stools and a small counter. But the poke is top quality and personally crafted like a Subway sandwich shop line. You can mix and match items in each of the categories and create your own perfect combination. The staff was nice and the place was super clean. Be careful about extra ingredients though. I asked if I could add a little of this and a little of that and my poke maker was happy to oblige but I later learned that I was upcharged for all of those extras without being told.Let me start off by saying that this place is the Chipotle of sushi.  Came here when they first opened and the food was ok.  Recently came back and notice the quality of the food was not the same.  The fish and the toppings didn't look as fresh. Couldn't pin point which ingredients made each bit taste like "trash juice".   For the price they should not serve there food in plastic bowls the size of an ice cream cup.  I get it, this is not California or Hawaii but I don't think I will be back for a third time.We love this place and have been going since they opened. The prices have increased and the size of the dishes have decreased but the food remains fresh and delightful.I wish the food portion was bigger for what I paid, but it was all delicious so I would go back again. They let you mix the protein, so if you get up to 3 scoops of proteins, you can do salmon, tuna, and octopus, or any combo you want.
The food tasted fresh and I liked the variety of fillers.I've ordered from uber eats with them before and had great service.  Today I ordered and they delivered 2 of my orders incorrectly with brown rice instead of white. If I'm going to be paying more for this delivery order through uber eats I expect for them to get it right.  Instead of acknowledging that they got it wrong,  the rep insisted she was right, did not offer a refund or a replacement and called me a bitch upon hanging up.  I have Never had such bad service.  Never returning again.Checked out this place for the first time last week. Location is cool, I love NoLibs.
You start of with a bowl of rice or salad and add on. TIP: you can pick between 3 and 5 scoops, of fish, not rice (serving of rice stays the same). I got a mix of octopus, salmon and tuna. It was okay, way too much sauce and it took away from the entire bowl. TIP: a little goes a long way, stick to minimal toppings and ask for less sauce. The food itself was overwhelmingly soaked in soy sauce and it kind of ruined my first poke experience.
Service was fine, the glass wall makes it hard to communicate with the employees so make sure to speak a little louder. They guy who rang me up kept calling me mamma, which made me very uncomfortable. I don't think I will be going back. I'll wait until my honeymoon to Hawaii in 2090.So I normally love this place but today, not so much. Ordered 2 bowls (the same except one fish change) and mine was missing ingredients and looked like a darn mess (as compared to the other bowl). Consistency is key!Beyond amazing, fish so fresh, iced tea amazing as well!!! Large bowl is a must if hungry. Amazing food and addictiveI truely enjoyed my large poke bowl with 3 scoops of tuna, a scoop of shrimp, and a scoop of octopus.  the ponzu and seaweed salad gave it the right level of salt.  The brown rice was great.
If you haven't had poke before, this is a great place to start.  you can choose what you and don't want.Pretty decent in comparison to west coast poke. 
Ingredients were fresh and plentiful. The portion size are perfect for both sizes.Sooo freaking cute ! 5 heaping scoops of fresh beautiful fish and all the toppings you want ! It's a perfect healthy option for a weeknight date with myself. I'm so lucky to have it a block from my apartment but would definitely recommend the trip !!So good!!!  It's like deconstructed sushi at a fraction of the price. So many choices. Fish was really fresh. Only complaint is that I wish they had a larger seating area.Super fresh, flavorful, light/healthy/fast alternative to other options!Portions are extremely small - containers are teeny as well making it difficult to eat. I'm at a poke place in California right now where I know it's common and I can't believe the difference in portions!  The pricing is way cheaper here too for better size and quality. I really hope poke bowl makes some changes because im a huge fan of poke and there aren't any other places in Philly.Another recent food trend is the migration of the Hawaiian favorite - Poke - to Philadelphia.  This flavorful concoction of raw fish and salad can be served up in dozens of ways with dozens of ingredients.  I was therefore eager to try out the new Poke Bowl in Northern Liberties and it didn't disappoint.  I built an octopus, shrimp, and albacore Poke over brown rice with nori and tobiko.  Pickled ginger and a wasabi sauce (and a little sriracha too) added the spicy kick.  It was all very flavorful and def somewhat healthy or I hope so. And you can eat in or take out.  My main quibble with Poke Bowl is that this is one of those places that don't provide free water. C'mon  guys ... I think you could give out a glass of water to people who request it without hurting your sales of beverages too too much!
Tip - Don't forget to mix your Poke dish well as you are eating it if you don't want to wind up with mostly all rice at the bottom....I've been in here a few times. I'd consider this fast food, although toward the upscale side. Ordered the small poke bowl w/ Salmon and Tuna, brown rice and other toppings. Another time the Salmon Lovers with an extra scoop of salmon. Quick, clean and healthy.Really like this place. Poke meets chipotle esque style food service. Good, fresh and colorful, the bowls we're beautiful to look at and a treat to eat. Will be back.I have been meaning to write a review for this spot for months now and I finally have the time to do it.. I have never heard of poké bowl before this place opened. My boyfriend and I were walking around the neighborhood one day and happened to pass by. We walked in and we were greeted immediately by the owner and friendly staff. I was kind of intimidated because I wasn't sure really how it worked, but before I even asked for help the owner broke everything down for me and really took the time out to explain how to order. After my first bowl I was hooked! I literally crave it. And even though I come in so often now the owner never fails to be just as friendly as the first day. I can't even lie, my boyfriend and I literally eat poké 3 times a week. We actually have to stop our selves from getting it so often! The business is definitely growing too. Every time we come in there's a subtle change made to help improve the store for example, the punch card that leads to a free bowl, although we always forget ours. I have tasted a change in the fish they use as well, I feel like the already good quality food they used since day one improves every time we go it. From talking to the owner I can tell he really cares about his customers and the food he serves. He is there every single day and he doesn't just stand in the background, he is hands on every time. I have read some of the other reviews posted here and I can tell you for sure anyone who is complaining about customer service must be a really difficult person because I have never had a bad experience, not even once. I also read one where someone said they got "sick", out of all of my experiences and my boyfriends and all of the people I have brought or sent there no one else has ever gotten sick. And lastly people complaining about the portions and price, if the portion isn't right for you, then you are over eating! The portion is balanced and if you're used to eating bigger portions you might want to reevaluate your own diet. People are so used to over eating they think that an appropriate portion isn't big enough. As far as pricing goes, maybe you shouldn't eat out if you are complaining that fresh raw fish and the other fresh ingredients are too expensive. It's pricier for a reason people, raw fish that's high quality ain't cheap. If you compare to prices of sushi, it's actually much cheaper. When you go to get sushi one 6pce order of rolls will cost you around the same and be about a third of the amount of food. So in conclusion, go get some poké from a great business with a great staff and amazing food!!!!Since my trip to Hawaii, I've many a time dreamed about poke. We traveled all over trying various different kinds and could only hope that poke would come to Philadelphia.... and then I walked by Poke bowl and my anxious waiting began. Finally it was opening day and thankfully my expectations were not only met but exceeded. 
As I mentioned, It was opening day when i visited so obviously there were a few kinks to work out but most importantly the customer service was fantastic and I absolutely loved my bowl. I also thought that the restaurant did a great job at creating a nice fast/casual/take out dining experience. 
I went with a brown rice base with tuna, octopus, spicy shoyu sauce, seaweed salad, pickled ginger, avocado, hawaiian salt, tobiko and a drizzle of a siracha aioli. I absolutely loved it! My brown rice was perfect and all of the ingredients tasted very fresh. I was a little hesitant about creating my own bowl and what would actually work together but it came out great! 
Welcome to Nolibs, Poke bowl! I believe this is the beginning of a beautiful poke filled friendship.Was relatively thrilled when I saw that another poke joint had opened up in my hometown. Seeing as I'm not usually around home often enough to go and try new place, I decided to stop by one day while in the city. As it's a little out of the city, it might be a little more out of the way for most but as appropriate, there's also not as many people around (think less busy and more parking available, timed but free in this area). While the place has its preset options under "House Favorites", which you can certainly order if you're too lazy to make your own, I personally found the latter to be the more intriguing option (personal opinion only). If you build your own, it comes in small (3 scoops of protein) or large (5 scoops of protein). You can also add your proteins (i.e. salmon, tuna, shrimp, octopus, albacore, crab is $1 extra), along with seasonings (Hawaiian salt, sesame seeds, furikake, chili flakes), various toppings (many available to your liking, avocado is $1 extra), and sauces. Drinks to choose from include water ($2), tea, coconut water ($3), and soda ($2.50). I made my own bowl and knew that once I had my first bite that I was pretty sold. Ingredients here are pretty fresh, which anybody can just about appreciate. Vast selection of meats, sauces, toppings mean you can customize to your heart's content, liking, or particular tastes. All in all, this place is legit even if it's a bit out of the way for some. Would recommend at least a try for sure.Having never had poke before, I was getting a bit discouraged by some of the reviews for this location from people who seemed to be more seasoned poke-eating veterans. Nonetheless, I wanted to try it out for myself, and I'm really glad I did.
I ordered a large: white rice base, tuna, octopus, albacore, two scoops of salmon, not sure what marinade was used but the guy asked me if I like it spicy (I said 3 on a scale from 1-5), tomatoes, cucumbers, radishes, pickled ginger, and wasabi aioli to top it off.
It. Was. Delicious.
I'm glad I didn't just opt for one of the premade bowls which is what I was heavily considering because being a newb I didn't necessarily know what tastes good together - but the guy behind the counter was very helpful. If you're a fan of sushi, and not particularly squeamish when it comes to eating a significant amount of raw fish, this will satisfy the craving.We tried Poke Bowl today. We got two large bowls: one with tuna, salmon, and albacore and the other with salmon and crab. The fish was fresh and the portions were very generous! Five scoops to others' three for a large bowl. The problem was I found a fish scale in mine and my girlfriend found a bone in hers. The sauces that were mixed in before the bowl is assembled were flavorless. I couldn't taste the ginger shoyu or the citrus ponzu and it wasn't in the rice either. By the way, it is not sushi rice, just plain white rice. 
Depending on how you like your flavors, Poke Bowl is a great option. The avocado is fresh, the presentation is beautiful, and it is arguably more authentic than other fast casual poke spots. But I personally prefer other poke places with seaweed salad, sauce variety, crunchy toppings, and smaller protein portions because there's simply more flavor (and less bones and scales)When I moved here 4 years ago I was sad to find not a single Hawaiian or poke restaurant in the area. When I found out this place was opening, I was so excited! 
The place is new and sleek, but unfortunately the first thing I noticed was the multiple spelling errors on their giant menu, and unappealing sharpie marks to correct most of them. 
This place takes a whole lot of care in creating your personalized poke bowl, from the sauce, meat, toppings, and decorations. But as a result, the lines move extreeeemeeelyyyy sloooowwwly. Also, it's a bit pricey for the size: $12 for a "large" bowl that was actually quite small. Still, it satisfied the craving that in the past required me to take a flight back home.I feel I echo a lot of the reviews here when I say that the food is completely delicious, but the portions are fairly small for what you pay.  I ordered the large bowl with tuna and shrimp with avocado over brown rice.  The ingredients are super fresh and all the fixins and sauces add a great flavor to everything. The selection is varied so you could get something different all the time.  I do wish that you got a little bit more for $14 or that they sold some small sides like edamame or something, but I will still be returning and would recommend!Finally a poke bowl place in philly! After visiting Hawaii a couple of years ago I became a poke bowl fanatic and this place did not disappoint. My only complaint would be that although I was getting my bowl to go I didn't feel like if wanted to eat there I would of felt great doing so. The place is small with cold uncomfortable seating. Besides that the bowl assemblers were helpful in my poke bowl decision making process and my bowl was delicious!Small venue, best for takeout or a quick lunch.  Many options with create your own bowl. Little pricey for the small. Not very filling, but the large looked like a better option.Probably my favorite place!!! Whether you get it to stay or to go - the food here is so fresh and delicious! The large is definitely large enough for an average person to feel full afterwards. But don't forget - it is sushi essentially so it's inevitable that you'll get hungry again in an hour! 
Staff is so helpful too! Highly recommend!Definitely one of the most authentic and delicious places to get healthy Hawaiian seafood. I recommend it for anyone who hasn't been to Hawaii or love to eat exotic food.
You make your own bowl, recommend the large size to start to get your money's worth. For crab or avocado its $1 extra. At the end of check out there is a fridge with coconut water, root beer and craft sodas. No alcohol... Yet....
I would recommend expanding the seating to at least some tables because at this point as people come in it's hard to eat even standing when the wall chairs are taken up.
I would come back again :)Tried this for the first time today, awesome. The guy who worked there was very friendly and explained what was what. Fish tasted very fresh and toppings were fantastic. I won't hesitate to recommend this to anyone and will be back soon!Lots of options for protein and the fish tasted fresh and delicious. A little pricey but the guy is cutting the fish fresh so it's worth it. 
My advice would be to get less toppings with more protein. The fish and sauces are the best part of the meal. Also definitely get rice, it helps bulk the bowl up a bit more. 
All in all, it was a nice treat since you can't get Poke anywhere else in the city. Go for the salmon and albacore with seaweed.I am writing this review now after eating here 2-3 times a week for several months. What's prompting me to finally write this review is that I've had poke now in three other Philadelphia shops and none of them match up to poke bowl. Not even close. Poke bowl offers the most flavorful and freshest fish of any place I've tried. The ahi is amazing. Honestly my favorite lunch in all of Philadelphia.TL;DR - Decent food but way too expensive and the staff is incompetent and miserable.
Ordered a "large" build-your-own poke bowl and the quotes around the word "large" should imply how displeased I was with the size of this bowl.  $13.50 for this thing ... I could have eaten three of them.
I got all 5 of the fishes allowed and there were one, maybe two bites of each at most.  I ordered like 8 sauces and the aioli dressing.  I asked for the sauces on the side and the dressing mixed in.  Very explicitly.  Could not have been more clear.  I got the dressing on the side, and they either a) forgot to give me the sauces on the side or b) mixed in the sauces against my wishes, and all of them were indistinguishable and totally void of flavor.
Also, $1 extra for a slightly over-sized melon balled scoop of mushy avocado if never going to win points from me.
And to top it off, the hipsters working the joint were miserable when I came in to pick up the food.Let's start off with the establishment, the place was kinda hard to spot but the area isn't that big so you just have to look out for the name which can be easily missed.  Also a neighbor is doing construction so maybe that could of added to it.  
The set up of the store is very simple and easy to understand.  The menus are easy and you can see all the fresh ingredients.  You can choose any and everything you want. It reminds of a pasta bar, salad bar but most of all a chipotle. 
This place had an awful smell, there was this unexplainable smell in the air. It hits you right when you walk in and it just lingers.  I was suppose to get 4 pokes all together but I only got 3 because I didn't want one for myself. That's how much the smell turned me off.  So I just shared w my family. 
We had house classic, ahi on fire and the sweet and spicy trio.  
The fish was not fresh, even the color was off when I was at the store. This goes for all 3 bowls minus the octopus in the trio.  
The sauce was mediocre and the rest of the ingredients were fine but the fish omg the fish just looked bad. 
Any sushi person can tell you that if the fish is fresh you can just eat it fresh, no crazy sauce needed. But you had to mask these fish.  The fish wasn't rancid or foul but it just wasn't fresh. When I went to pay for my bowls There was this young guy working off to the side close to the register and cutting up the tuna, it was not appealing.  The way the fish was being handled and the way the tuna looked crumbling, the way the chunks were being ripped out, the bones that were being pulled out. You ever seen someone just "smush"something around and it doesn't look appetizing? I was just happy I didn't buy a bowl for myself at that point.  
Conclusion to this story, the rest of the 3 people ate there bowls and said they wouldn't have it again and  even my husband who hardly complains about food said he couldn't force it down anymore.Love it. Had the house bowl. Service was fast, and the food was beautifully presented and pretty great tasting. Fish was flavorful and bright. Would have wanted more drink options as well, but just going for the food is well worth it.This place was amazing. The fish was really good quality. Very happy will my meal. It was very reasonably priced as well. Can't wait to go back!Came just before the dinner rush so we got to order our food right away. I got a large rice bowl which came out to a little over $12. The price is a little steep for the size of the bowl/amount of protein but it actually ended up being surprisingly filling! I liked that they had soy sauce containers at the bar so you could adjust how salty you wanted your bowl as you ate. Overall, a really satisfying and fresh meal. Also, the place is very clean and modern looking, but there are only about 8 counter seats so if it's crowded you might not get the chance to eat your bowl there.This place is great! Huge portions of fresh fish and really friendly workers. I have always gotten all tuna and added avocado. There is an up charge for avocado, but it's definitely worth it. Perfectly filling and healthy.I can't get enough of this place. I literally order it every time I am craving something healthy, but delicious and filling. I used to get the small bowl, but for a few bucks more, why not get the large?? It looks small but it definitely fills you up.
I custom fill this large bowl with 2 scoops of raw tuna, 2 scoops of raw salmon, and then 1 scoop of whatever other delicious protein I'm feeling that day, along with mango, seaweed, rice, veggies, and sauces. I usually top it with a dab of soy sauce and dig in. 
Lazy pro tip: they're on Uber Eats!Look, it's not the best poke I've ever had, which was from a truck on The Big Island, but since this is the middle of Philly, it's pretty great. Personally the small, which is about 2/3rds the size of the large, is more than enough for me. 
A note of warning: It's pretty salty (delicious, but salty), so if you're salt-sensitive you might want to choose your toppings carefully.My favorite poke bowl in town, even in the states. I tried poke bowl in DC, NYC and Philly and nothing fresh a here. The sauces are very good and staffs are enjoyable. You should try it!Love this place! Great for anyone with nut allergies, they don't have any! All the food was extremely fresh and tasty. The presentation was nice too. Ordered a small classic bowl. My only criticism would be the service is on the slower side. The food is delicious though so it is worth the wait.A spot specially dedicated to pokè! The shop is located in northern liberties right by the Piazza. The store is really long and can accompany long lines and has room for you to dine in. The bowl itself are pretty small, the sizes are differentiated by how many scoops of fish (small is 3 scoops and large is 5 scoops). You can mix and match protein but for the crab you have to pay extra. 
You order like at chipotle, chose your base-rice or greens, then your proteins, then your sauce and unlimited toppings. By the end, you have a pretty little bowl. Sizing-wise, I wished it was bigger but the flavors are all there. Although real pokè, the fish are marinated in the sauces so you get more of an intense flavor.
Nevertheless, pretty solid placeGreat place for lunch. The fish is fresh and good, and the preparers are very artistic in their preparation. It's a bit pricey, but very tasty.The Chipotle of Poke. ChiPoke! (Did someone say that already?) Anyway its hella good. Fresh tasty seafood at a fair price. Plenty of options - though maybe too many options for some. I've had fresh poke in Maui and this version is quite nice. I shall return. Often.This new healthy option in No Libs is incredible!! Everything is made fresh (they don't own a freezer) & the owner is so awesome! Fish, rice, veggies, homemade sauces have never let me down!I had a large bowl with rice and mixed green base, salmon and octopus, seaweed, tobiko, ponzu, jalapeno, and sriraca with sesame seed. I paid $12.50 for mine, and i think its a little expensive somehow...
I guess its pretty decent poke bowl, since its the only one you could find in Philly.
I don't have high expectation on this place and my guts were right.
I'm pretty sure I'm not supposed to compare this poke bowl with other poke bowl. 
but for the $12.50,  I am pretty sure Los angeles poke is much much better and cheaper.Got the make your own large size with five proteins. Fish tasted fresh, flavors were good, and size was appropriate for price. Presentation is beautiful. Definitely would recommend.I chose to try ordering this poke through delivery. Perhaps I had higher expectations because I had poke out west in California which was exponentially better. The bowl was small and was filled primarily with rice. Only the top layer comprised the rest of the ingredients which were not necessarily bad, I would say they were average. The single star was given primarily because the bowl was 70% cheap white rice. My overall impression is that this place is fine for people who have never had poke and want to try something new. With that being said, for anyone who has had good (or even decent) poke before, beware: this will undoubtedly fall short of your expectations." my taste buds went haywire tasting this delicious Poke Bowl "Stopped by for lunch and this place is Auswom. Nice place with hardwood floors and granite everywhere . The vibe was nice and free spirited , the lighting was perfect and music was claiming and welcoming , but the best part was the food , super delicious ! Fish was so fresh it melted in my mouth . Best fast food I have ever had ..... Thank you poke bowl for the blast of deliciousness !!YOU MUST GO HERE! I just got the sauces you see drizzled on top on the side. But seriously, this was so delicious and hit the spot! It's for perfect for a night when you need something light, but it's still filling. The flavored are amazing, the fish is FRESH, and the gentleman are very helpful! I'm hooked!Definitely did not trust the raw fish out in China Town. Came out to Northern Liberties to try out the poke out here. Did not disappoint. Had the House Classic, all the fish tasted fresh and toppings were piled to the brim. Presentation is excellent. All the servers were attentive to detail and made sure the bowl looked appetizing and pretty. Price is average (~$14 for a large and around $~11 for a small with tax). Ambiance in this place is weird. It reminds me of a really sterile Chipotle.Mmmmmm absolutely delicious!! This was my first ever poke bowl and I'm glad this was my intro. Will be coming back here way too often!!I love this place! Everything is always fresh, I like how the line cook is so fast and you can see what and how they are doing you food. My favorite Salmon lovers with lots of wasabi sauce!! Try it, thanks later!I ordered delivery from here once and was really looking forward to trying this place but it did not live up to its expectations. The portion was so small and there was hardly any rice in it. The salmon was also off putting because it had a weird taste to it. I eat salmon a lot and know what it should and shouldn't taste like. Maybe this was just a bad delivery experience so I'd be willing to go to the actual store and try it again.Food was incredible! Amazing value for the price. Fresh and high quality. Clean atmosphere and helpful staff.The best poke bowl place in the city.  The ingredients are fresh, they toss the fish with dressing, so it's imbued with flavor, and their presentation is just damn adorable.  It's plain to see that they care, which is nice to see, especially in a fast casual establishment.I've been eyeing this place ever since one of my friends posted about them on Snapchat. We finally decided to stop by and was very impressed with the place. There was only person in line when we arrived so everything was pretty quick. They had so many choices, too. I decided to order a custom bowl. I had forgotten what toppings I had with it but I got the salmon as my protein. Maybe I hyped it up too much in my head but I wasn't that impressed. The rice was just meh and the salmon along with the toppings didn't provide much flavor. I didn't hate it but I didn't love it either.The food here was very good and not too pricey. The presentation was great and everything was fresh. It was a little hard to eat out of the tiny bowls they put the good in but it was a good amount of food. However, when we asked for a cup of tap water they told us no.I love Poke Bowls, tried it at couple different places, but this place is not cutting the mustard. First and foremost, the rice was mushy, that's so fundamental, it is not okay to screw that up. The rice was also too warm, it indirectly cooked the raw fish that was in the same bowl, which was gross. 
Ambiance is terrible, the white light bulbs and the sterile bar stools... we get it, you don't want people to stay there, but at least make it slightly comfortable. 
In conclusion, I would not return again.Love Poke Bowl! Always fresh. Always awesome! My wife and I have ordered numerous bowls from them, and each one has excellent flavor. The quality of the ingredients is phenomenal. A hidden gem!If you can get over the off putting, weird smell of fish in this place, it's actually pretty good. Something different and definitely a meal you have to be in the mood for. Kinda like sushi but in a bowl and you can add a number of toppings and saucesJust ate here for the first time after noticing it opened! Was in the mood for sushi but gave Poke Bowl a chance to see if we could catch all the fish. 
The menu is straight forward and easy to order, the staff was friendly and informative on anything you might question. 
They stuff quite a bit of fish and food into your chosen Poke Ball! As others have said, the amount of toppings you can add by default is a nice variety which helps fill the bowl. 
I got Salmon & Tuna over brown rice mixed with kale. Ingredients looked and tasted very fresh. Nice selection of sauces and condiments. Definitely more fish and food for the price than if we had gotten sushi, and more importantly the food was fresh and delicious !! 
Overall, I give Poke Bowl 4 Sammips, I'll be going back soon to ensure consistency.I've had poke plenty of times in Hawaii.  And with the proliferation of poke places on the mainland, I've had my share of poke outside of Hawaii.  
I have been here several times.  Here's why this place warrants the two-star review: 
- The bowls are tiny.  Even the large size is way too small for the price that you pay for it.  I am always hungry before dinner time because a bowl simply doesn't fill me up. 
- Service can be iffy.  The cashier seems stressed at times.  And the last time I was there, I ordered two poke bowls and was given two rewards cards.  As my companion lives in NYC, I asked if we could just get two stamps on the same card.  I was rebuffed (which is fine), but it was done tersely and frankly seemed rude.  
Overall flavor is not bad, but I don't think I'll be going back.I've developed a Poké Bowl obsession lately. I'm so glad Poke Bowl delivers on GrubHub. They are pretty quick and the presentation is beautiful. I like that I can make my own bowl. I usually get a salmon and tuna combo. They have a multitude of toppings and sauces to choose. This is a new regular for me.My family and I spent the day at Summerfest but I wanted to hit Poke Bowl for dinner before we left Philly and headed back home to Harrisburg my daughter and I had been there a year ago and we loved it. We were greeted by a stalk that was very friendly and extremely helpful with suggestions for us to get the Poke Bowl we desired. I'm a big guy however the large Bowl was more than enough to fill me and the flavors were outstanding. My wife doesn't care for raw fish but she really enjoyed the shrimp and crab for her proteins and loved the flavor of her Bowl. What was really cool was one of the guys remembered my daughter and me from last year state we were in Philadelphia to see a concert. If you like sushi you will love Poke - I'm coming back to Philadelphia in September and Poke Bowl will be one of my stops!!!!! Four of us times 5 stars = a twenty star day!!!!I just came back from Hawaii two weeks ago and fell in love with poke bowls! The thought of coming home to Philly and never having one again was devastating. Then low and behold, I'm walking down 2nd St and I see this restaurant! How awesome! At first, I was nervous that it wouldn't live up to my expectation, since the only other bowls I've had were in paradise. That didn't last long! When you walk in everything is so nice and clean. I told them I wasn't quite sure what and how to order and the owner stepped in to help me make a traditional Hawaiian poke bowl! And what was even better than in Hawaii was you can have brown rice or mixed greens instead of white rice. After helping me create my bowl of deliciousness I paid $13. I think that is very reasonable for the amount of seafood you get. When I got home to try it, I was pleasantly surprised! It was just as good, if not better, than most of the bowls I got in Hawaii! Great job, guys! I hope you get lots of business and stick around for a long time! I have been searching for my go to healthy spot!We went to the poke bowl today for lunch. A great place to grab a quick bite. Made fast and convenient! I ordered a Lg with 5 scoops of protein, which I thought was pretty worth it for 12.50! This was my first poke bowl and I must say it was very satisfying. 
I was hoping for a few more topping selections than the basics. As for service, the server was great and attentive. Would definitely come back for a quick lunch!They were so skimpy with the fish. Got what seemed like a small spoonful. Won't be back until they address it. I've had poke bowls in California with 5x as much fish for the same price if not less.Overpriced and WAY TOO SALTY!  Ordered the small (3 scoops of protein - salmon, tuna, crab) with spicy shoyu marinade, cucumber, radish, scallions, brown rice.  $10 for a 4.5-5" diameter bowl (crab was $1 extra).  Traveled out of the way for a taste of home but will not be returning.  Makes for a good Instagram photo though~~Best poke in all of Philly. The service here is so great! The people making the bowls are always so nice and give huge portions - it's refreshing to see a place that does not skimp on the toppings. Everything is so fresh and delicious - I just love this place. Come here if you want to try poke in Philadelphia.