I've been trying to find crepes that can measure up to those in Paris and I thought I found them here. I ordered apples & caramel a la mode and it was almost perfect. My only complaint is that the apples were cold and crunchy. I would have preferred them to be cooked or at least warm. Up to this point, I was planning to give a solid 4 stars but then this happened... I walked over to the trash can at the end of the counter to throw my plate away and put on my coat. The tall dark haired employee cutting tomatoes asked if I needed any help and I told him no, I was just using the trash can. He went back to cutting tomatoes and then dropped the knife onto the dirty floor. He picked it up and just kept cutting with it. I was disgusted!  He clearly knew I was standing there and saw it. There is a sink within reach of his work area but he didn't even attempt to clean the knife. Part of their identity (as described on their menu board) is that the customer gets to watch their food being prepared.  That clearly backfired on 1/26/13. I'm so disappointed because I was really looking forward to a long relationship with Profi's but instead I'm back to searching for the perfect crepe and thankful I didn't get sick.I immediately had a high expectations when a line formed immediately as Profi's opened at 9am. I was not disappointed!
We spent $15 on two sausage and egg crepes with OJ. Despite the line, you can sit and wait for your order and watch the crepes get made. Honestly, it was very relaxing, even in the hustle and bustle of Reading Market.
I definitely recommend it.Recién había comido pero no pude dejar pasar la visita para disfrutar una crepa!
Excelente sabor, tamaño e ingredientes, en la barra y parados varías personas en espera, y valió la pena!They lie about not taking cards when they do if you just say you don't have cash. I got the seafood crepe because I gave up beef poultry and pork for lent. No. The crab is not fresh. LIARSSSSS!!! It is imitation so be warned. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind imitation crab meat but i don't appreciate false advertising. The fake blond girl in front doesn't know what she is doing. "raspberry nestea please" "sorry we don't have that" "Um. it's right there" And she almost jipped me of $20 of my change. 2nd star earned because of fast service. Much better crepe places in philly other than here. As you may gather, I didn't have a good experience.I've been here a couple of times before and I'm never disappointed.  I happened to run in today and had a veggie crepe with feta and pesto and it was so good and fresh!!! The staff are so friendly and really the crepes are delicious!If you're trying to capture me, or lure into a trap of some sort, try using a nutella filled dessert crepe as bait. The crepe from Profi's with bananas, nutella, cinnamon and powdered sugar will do the trick. Or the nutella, bananas and strawberry one... AHHHH you got me! I'll yell for help between bites.This was my first time in RTM and was blown away by all of the choices. My family and I stopped here for breakfast this morning. We all got a Nutella, banana, strawberry crepe and we thought it was delicious!  I read some of the other reviews about it being over priced but I didn't think so, not after being in NY. Seating throughout  RTM is sparse, but we sat at the counter and watched them make crepe after crepe and they all looked so good. It's a must stop next time we go.Good enough, not exceptional.  I ordered an omelette crepe which consisted of: egg.  Maybe salt & pepper. I managed to request tomato but forgot to request cheese so it was rather boring...This place has 12 savory and 12 sweet choices for crepes. I had the Seafood Crepes and surprisingly, I finished my food first before anyone else in my group! Martin had the Roast Beef and was impressed but wished he had asked not to include spinach in his crepe. Marco had the Garlic Roasted Chicken Ceasar and he had nothing to complain about. I think the price is pretty reasonable. I would definitely come back and try the sweet crepes. The fresh fruit looked absolutely mouth watering!This was a great experience from my inexperienced Creperie standpoint. I would most definitely have breakfast here again when visiting downtown Philly!For some reason I have gravitated to local crepe shops lately. Profi is a nice stall in the Marketplace so there isn't much seating except bar stools. There is lots of French imagery to kinda give you that frenchy feel. I had the steak egg and cheese with an order of French toast. Nice amount of steak (which is important to me) and well made. The French toast on the other hand was like plain toast with syrup, very disappointing. This crepe shop is middle of the road compared to the others I've tried over the last 90 days.I found the crêpes here to be pretty good. At first glance I wasn't so excited to see the menu, where all the crêpes are filled with tons of fillings and they didn't have many traditional options listed. 
However, when I asked they were more than happy to oblige my wish for a simple wheat crêpe with lemon and sugar.  They understood rather immediately what I wanted and had it ready for me very quickly!  
The crêpe itself was tasty.  Not quite the same buttery taste that I've had in Paris, but it was certainly very good by more reasonable standards. 
I would go back again. :)I love love this breakfast! It was a great french toast! It was the best french toast in entire my life!!!!!Fun to eat and watch the crepes be made. Ordered a breakfast crepe with veggie omelette and cheese, my friend ordered a Nutella strawberry banana crepe. Service was fast and pleasant. Yum!I have tried this place a couple times sometimes for dessert or for a meal.  The savory ones are good but I don't really think they fill you up, and the dessert ones are okay,  I don't like how they use apples that aren't poached so its hard to eat and it can get messy.  Overall its okay but I wouldn't wait in line to get oneI really wished I had gotten a sweet crepe (nutella w/ strawberry had me really drooling...)!  Instead I got the egg and sausage crepe.  It was definitely tasty and had good flavor.  I will definitely be back for more, it was definitely worth it for breakfast :)
Very good customer service and pretty fast.  It's very cool to watch all of them make the crepes.  Beware: it was does get really crowded but it's definitely worth the wait and standing in line!A nice change of pace compared to the other fare at Reading Terminal. Lunch on 3/19/13. We had a couple of savory and sweet crepes and we were pleasantly surprised as to how tasty they were. Will visit again!It's fun watching them make crepes, but I think most of their savory and dessert crepes are overpriced, given how much little ingredients they put inside the crepes.
Their breakfast crepes, on the other hand, are a much better deal.Banana, Walnut, Honey, and Whip Cream Crepe. The absolute best we have ever had. WOW. A really fresh and tasty Crepe. Go here.You will not be disapointed.I've been coming here specifically in the Market for almost 8 years (since high school) and it is always my go-to.  The creeps are so yummy and thin and they have so many different types of fillings!  Both sweet and savory- good for breakfast, lunch, and dinner!Can't comment on the taste of the crepes but they looked AMAZING! 
I had the French toast and it was to die for! Big portion that came with fresh fruit and maple syrup - and so cheap! Think I paid $7/8?? So worth it.I love the reading terminal market and this place makes it even better! They are very fast in making the crepes and very neat too! Normally at other places, they tend to be either slow and neat, or very sloppy and fast. My crepe didn't fall apart and it was sooooo delicious!
I wanted the Strawberry Banana sundae crepe, but I don't think he heard me correctly and gave me the non sundae one. I wanted ice cream, but oh well! The crepe I had was perfect. Fresh bananas and strawberries cut up right when they are making it. They don't prep the fruit in advance which is a great thing. I hate when my fruit gets all brown and mushy bc it's prepped in advance. And he spread my nutella on so perfectly, making sure to get enough on to reach close to the edge. YUM.
A plus...they take levelup! The guy had a bit of trouble using it though, so it was a lil frustrating scanning my code for him a few times bc he kept cancelling out of it by accident.Best crepes and budget friendly!!! I often go here and order veggie crepe with pesto sauce. I have tried egg and chicken crepes too but I wasn't a big fan of it. Not that they weren't good but I am more biased towards veggie crepe only.I ate here twice during a recent stay in Philadelphia because I wanted to try both a sweet and a savory crepe! I had a breakfast (egg and cheese) one day and also tried one with strawberry, banana, and Nutella (!!!). Neither would disappoint.
The ingredients are very fresh, and they slice whole fruit as you order, so it tastes fresh and hasn't been sitting around for hours getting mushy. I can imagine the bar gets crowded so at a busy time, it would be hard to sit, but that's how everything in the Reading Terminal Market seems to be...if you can grab a seat at the bar, you can watch them make the crepes. They work fast but don't sacrifice quality--they are not sloppy. It's a good price if you're eating a crepe as a meal. My breakfast crepe was around $5 or $6 I think, and with several eggs, it was very filling and perfectly adequate for breakfast. The Nutella/strawberry/banana crepe, with more prime ingredients, was around $8, but well worth it.
I was in town for a soccer convention and the man at the register talked soccer with me--he was very cool.I'm from out of town, and I love checking out the local French Markets. As I was walking around, I started to get hungry with all the food and restaurants. As I was trying to decide on what to east for breakfast, I came across Profi's. Since I haven't had a good crepe in a long time, I thought this would be a great try.
All crepes are made to order. You can watch as they make everything.  I ordered the bacon and egg to go. Needless to say, I wish I had two. Needed some salt, but that's just to my taste.
Wish I was in town longer.I love a good crepe, and a creperie in the awesome Reading Station Market is too much to pass up.  I had a yummy bacon, egg, tomato, cheese crepe followed by an even better Nutella, banana, strawberry one. Yum!
The place was pretty busy clearly popular. But I got a seat at the counter.  If it full, you can walk over to the center of the market to more tables.  Service was pretty quick and everything was fresh and tasty.The Strawberry Banana Caramel Crepe is sweet and fruity. The crepe is thin and a bit chewy and doesn't get too soggy, even when loaded with juicy fruit and caramel. The Apples and Caramel Crepe is reminiscent of my apple picking days - my favorite thing to do in the northeastern fall! Plus caramel goes with everything. Great place to grab a casual breakfast or brunch.Profi's has exceptional crepes. Like sometimes truly awe-inspiring. I usually only get the lunch crepes, like a good chicken, spinach, veggie, with pesto and feta- yes, it really tastes as amazing as it sounds. And affordable. the staff is quick and friendly, and I never get over watching them prepare the crepe itself. 
The dessert crepes are also delicious though I try not to eat them (for fear of becoming a dessert crepe addict!) but are definitely worth the splurge every once and awhile.
Definitely worth the trip- and often less busy than some of the 'more popular' staples of RTM visits. Eat a crepe, you'll love it!Pretty solid for a creperie. The menu is pretty extensive with around a dozen savory options including Philly cheesesteak style and even one with fresh crab. There are lots of sweet options including several choices with Nutella.
I think the pricing is a little high. My friend's was $8.50 and it had a good amount of beef but not too much, and mine was a more reasonable $4.50 for a breakfast crepe. For the two of us plus drinks it was around $19. I feel like we could've had a lot more filling food across the way at the fried chicken shop but we did want crepes. 
Cash only, because there was a sign saying their register was broken.Absolutely love this place! Granted I've been here twice but their savory crepes are awesome ~ I've had their breakfast turkey egg and cheese, and also their pizza crepe (both of which tasted great)
I'm planning on working my way through their entire menu eventually (foodie 4 life)Ah one of the shops in the RTM. The service was quick and the food was delicious. The crêpes are from sweet to savory. My wife opted for 'La Prima Donna' a caramel apple crêpe, I opted for the Paris crêpe with ham. Food was very good. 
Of course a big challenge is finding someplace to eat when it's busy!I expected walking into Reading on a Saturday to be mayhem, but it was surprisingly manageable! My friend and I decided on this crepe place for lunch. She'd been before and was raving about the chicken caesar crepe. I had a bite, and it really was great. I'm usually a sweet crepe type of gal, but decided on a savory breakfast variety. I got bacon, egg, cheese, and every veggie you could ever want. It was delicious. And I was shocked that even with all the extras, it was under $6! I liked sitting at the counter, watching them make the crepes as we ate. Everything they made looked great- especially the ones with Nutella in them! I would definitely recommend!A regular for me when I'm in Center City - I love Profi's because it is a decent quality crepe, not hard on the lunch budget and most resembles the average crepe place in Paris. 
Get there at an off time so you can get counter seating, like 1:30, or 1:15.If  I'm at the Reading Terminal Market (usually I go there for lunch at conventions like the Flower Show or some nerdy video game/comic expo), I make a beeline for this creperie....SO GOOD. I get a savory crepe for my meal then a strawberry Nutella crepe for dessert....sometimes I throw banana in there too....
Mmmm but one of these days I'm gonna get a honey and peach/strawberry one....
All I have to say is, just eat it, you won't be disappointed. There are plenty of choices for fillings.Was just ok for me. It did have one of the shorter lines during the lunchtime rush.  My veggies were cold inside but the crepe itself was warm.  My friend's crepe was so hot inside and out that she had to wait for like 5 mins for it to cool down before she could consume it. My meal was under $9.  I definitely would try other places in the Reading Terminal Market before I returned here. They do have seating, albeit very cramped, but it's there.Yum...ordered steak crepe....its ok...maybe i should have tried the sweets.crepes...i love crepes.  ever since my 2 experiences in paris, whenever i come across a creperie, i have to stop in.  in my opinion, there aren't enough creperies around.
the 20-30 minute wait was not unexpected so i used the time to spy on what other customers were creating with their savory and sweet topping options.  when it was finally my turn to order, i still couldn't avoid dreaming up a crepe with all the strawberries, blueberries, blackberries, bananas, nutella, chocolate, honey, cinnamon and powdered sugar that stared back at me.  fearing that i would have a disastrous crepe experience, i deferred to a profi creation of strawberry and bananas.
sadly, i was not overly impressed.  the profi creation was too simple, without any flavor pizzazz.  but since i do love my crepes, i will stop by again if i'm in the area.I ordered the strawberry banana sundae and it was just ok. Maybe I'm disappointed that they also used whipped cream from a can instead of making their own too but the texture of my crepe was too much on the mushy side. Next time I think I will try a savory crepe instead.I had the roast beef crepe and it was phenomenal!  The chefs are incredibly friendly.  As we devoured our scrumptious savory crepes our mouths watered watching them make sweet crepes.  They must have heard us raving about our dishes, because they gave us free dessert crepes.  Fantastic all around!  Thank you!Long lines, slow cooks, and below average crepes...they also got my order wrong.How do you eat crepes for breakfast when the only crepe you are used to eating is filled with Nutella and strawberries?
Profi's Creperie makes it easy for you by offering all the items you'd find in a breakfast sandwich in a crepe. Scrambled eggs, ham, bacon, etc. If you don't fancy crepes you can get your breakfast on a croissant. But really, if you do that, then why did you go to Profi's Creperie?
I was going to get one of the savory crepes filled with turkey or ham but chickened out at the last minute. It just sounded so boring and bland. How could I go for that when the menu above me was offering crepes with nothing but sweet things and ice cream a la mode? I stepped out of the line to rethink my breakfast and then got back in to order a crepe filled with pineapple, strawberry and honey! Semi sweet and semi healthy. 
I watched the guy make my crepe. He sliced a fresh pineapple ring into pieces and slivered the strawberries on to the crepe with great skill and speed. He drizzled everything with honey, folded the crepe into a perfectly crispy triangle, and topped it with powdered sugar. My crepe was light and all around fantastic. I recommend this crepe as an alternative to the breakfast crepes. It would also be great as a snack or dessert. 
My companion ordered the breakfast crepe filled with eggs, ham and cheese. I was assured that it was not boring nor bland. 
Profi's Creperie is leaps and bounds better than Mes Amis Creperie at the Public Market in Emeryville, CA. It's a sure winner in the zoo of the Reading Market Terminal.Quick and easy. Chose the Nutella and strawberries for breakfast. Lots of other choices though. Crepe stuffed with scrambled eggs looked good. Enjoyed watching the crepe making as an added bonus.In town for the weekend we stopped here for lunch. I had the Paris crepe and my wife had the turkey crepe they were both delicious.  Recommended and will visit again.Yet another victory for Reading Terminal Market.  A few weeks ago a buddy introduced me to this place.  It was so good I brought my wife back the next day.  The service is not always fast, but can one really rush crapes?  But the end product is delicious.  Personally, i recommend anything with Nutella.  However, they do have a good number of both sweet and savory crapes.  All of the ones I tried were good.
From now on, when I'm in Philly, this is a go to place.The best crepe spot I have ever been. We come in every Saturday AND Sunday. Both savory and sweet are delicious!Thanks, Profi's!!  I no longer have to pay a fortune for a crepe!!!!  Went on Saturday and had the #7. Chicken crepe with dijon, cucumber, tomato, (hold the olives!), broccoli, spinach and cheese.
It was as good as any crepe I've had at Beau Monde or La Creperie, but at HALF the price!  I'll be back.How can you go wrong with crepes? I ordered the honey, walnut, and banana crepe. It was good but nothing special to boast about.My family tried 3 crepes here tonight.  The one with beef was OK.  The pizza one was meh - it tasted mostly of just pizza sauce, not enough pepperoni.  The dessert one (berries with raspberry sauce) was OK, also.  Nothing special.  I feel the crepes at T-Swirl Crepes on 10th street are much lighter with tastier ingredients, but these are OK in a pinch.  I almost forgot... their sign says "breakfast served all day", but when we ordered a breakfast crepe, we were told they don't serve breakfast at this time (4:45p).  ???The people behind the counter were pretty unfriendly.  They got our order wrong and the little counter girl threw an attitude about it. Sorry girl, maybe learn how to take the order correctly in the first place? Crepe was fine but for $8 spend your money some where else in the market, there are much better places.These creeps were just okay. I got Nutella and strawberry.
The crepe was over cooked and thick. Iver had better (like at so crepe on south street).
Overpriced for what it is.The Nutella and strawberry crepe was really good until I found a hair in it. That's why this review is only 3 stars.Quick, easy, delicious. Stoped here to get a quick bit to eat before heading off for me day and it was great. Super friendly people working it and fast moving too, waited no more than 5 minutes for our crepes. Tasted amazing.Stand tall like a giant in a crowd, Profi's Creperie is fantastic. It is a great find in the abyss of Reading Terminal Market where so many shops can awaken your senses and invite you in to eat. Profi's is a winner. 
Service: The employees are friendly and receptive. They watch out for each other to make sure no customer is left behind. They will make sure you get what you ordered and that its on time. The food is made right in front of you and is quick considering the volume of customers they serve. They can get very busy, but the food doesn't take more than 10 minutes. 
Food: I ordered the Turkey, bacon, and egg crepe and the apples n caramel crepe. They were both nice, warm, and fresh. The breakfast crepe was like eating a a pocket full of sunshine. It has a good balance of the main ingredients with out lacking anything. The apple caramel crepe was good, my only complaint would be not enough caramel. The apples were freshly cut and had a nice crisp to them. There was a good amount of cinnamon to give it that fall freshness to it. 
Overall this is a solid find in the Reading Terminal Market. I will come backSweet or savory they're all good!  There are so many options, it's hard to choose!  Some that I have tried are the vegetarian crepe, the breakfast crepe & some sweet crepes with nutella & fruit.  All of which have been good!  The staff makes them quick & they are reasonably priced.  If you are a crepe lover like myself you won't be disappointed.I got the philly crepe from this place, it is excellent!! The cheese melted just right and the steak was so tender! I would love to try other dessert crepes next time.When I visit Philly's Reading Market, I often stop by Profi's Crêperie to grab a crepe (or two... or three). I've never had a bad crepe here, and not having to worry about inconsistency in the food is great (though it's pretty difficult to screw up anything stuffed with Nutella, strawberries, and whipped cream... Hell, stuff that in a pita or a hot dog bun, I'll probably eat it too). There's like a million toppings and fillings to choose from, so it can be a bit overwhelming--but in a good way! You can pick between a sweet or savory crepe, topped with chicken or ice cream.. or both--the world is your oyster. Prices are decent, but the seating is limited and the space is cramped, so if you're claustrophobic, I'd suggest taking your crepe to-go.
3.5 Stars.Just ate here and am reviewing using Reading Terminal Market's wireless!
I had the caramel apple crepe. The caramel, the crepe itself and the cinnamon spice on the apples were all fantastic. Not cloyingly sweet at all, just right. My one complaint is that the apples were not crisp enough. 
I will try it again and suggest it as a valid option in Reading Terminal Market's sea of great choices!This is one of my go-to stands at RTM. My kids are now also addicted. Last week I had an utterly delicious Parisian crepe- chopped onion, peppers and cucumber tossed in Dijon with ham and feta. Very filling portion. My daughter had an enormous pineapple crepe with caramel. Service is quick and always friendly. I'm a fan!If you are in the mood for a crepe in Philly, this is definitely a decent place to go. They have a lot of of different crepes to chose from, everything from sweet to salty. 
The lady at the register was a little bit sketchy, she kind of ignored us when we first went to place our order. Granted, she was probably just trying to get things organized, but a simple, "Just a minute" would have been appreciated.
I ordered the A La Mode, Royal. The crepe was filled with nutella and bananas topped with whipped cream with ice cream on the side. It totally satisfied my crepe craving.
Just be prepared to go hunting for a seat if you come during the lunch rush!I may be one of the biggest crepe fans out there! They can be hard to find, but I rarely pass an opportunity to get one! I got the steak and cheese since I'm in Philly! It was great and I'd get it again. I also got a Berries and Cheesecake for dessert.... it was good but I should have gotten a Nutella one. I Will be back for the Nutella!This is a great choice if you are in Reading Terminal Market - whether you go savory or sweet.  I try to swing by every so often. They have very friendly guys working there and always with a smile. 
There is very limited seating on barstools - but if you get really lucky or patient, you can sit right in front of where they make the crepes. It's amazing to watch them pour the batter and flatten them out!  Worst case you ask for it to go and then head to the general seating area.
Overall the entire market is not a quiet place so keep that in mind if noise bothers you.I used to go here all the time during my lunch hour when I worked in the city.  The ham + cheese crepe with Dijon mustard is unbelievably good.  
This is my favorite place in Reading Terminal Market, which is saying a lot.Had the egg and cheese crepe.  Fresh and very fast.  I liked the texture of the crepe.  The eggs were nicely done.  Would like a bit more cheese next time but overall the crepe was satisfying and I found the $5.99 price tag worthwhile.  Better than what I can get back at home.DELICIOUS. i went around 4:30pm on a tuesday, where not too many people were milling around the area so i got a seat at the counter and chatted with the gentleman who works there (forget his name already). he suggested i try the #10 with blueberries and blackberries, in addition to strawberries. it was definitely to die for and i cannot wait to add this to my repertoire of where i drag my philly-visitors.
i believe my total was $7.02, which means i will not be treating myself to this high-calorie dessert too often, because i cannot justify it. but you best believe i'll be looking for excuses to taste that again!!!Very good! Did not realize this was a food court type market- I got the European crepe- delicious like a salad in a crepe. My boyfriend got the Nutella strawberry and banana crepe and French toast.If you can get a seat at the nearly-always-packed- counter, Profi's is a welcome respite from the bustle of RTM.  I enjoy the fruit filled crepes and get mine with banana & strawberries - no "glop".  I do not like saucey crepes and Prfi always makes mine to order.  (They do a great job - and I really enjoy the crepes themselves which are lightly sweet.
I have never tried their savory crepes - but I'm always tempted to.
I am glad they are in the Market.not the best you'll ever have, but damn good.
an enjoyable alternative in the RTM to try out next time you're in.
the savoury crepes are wonderful, as are the nutella variations.Both my 12 year old daughter and I are serious crepe-aholics. Before we decided on the contents of the meal we would be devouring at Reading Terminal Market, I forced her to cruise the aisles in search of the best. When we found Profi's, she thanked me...this would definitely be where we would be having dessert. 
Grab a seat at the counter and put a napkin under your chin to catch the drool. Strawberries, bananas, Nutella, honey, caramel, nuts...pure Heaven. Profi's has been added to my list of dealers...Went here for a quick breakfast with a friend.  We both ordered crepes with egg, cheese, and bacon.  If anybody would've eaten the crepe without knowing what was supposed to be in it, they probably wouldn't have known it had bacon.  Otherwise, I guess it was not too bad.  There are probably better choices in the market for breakfast.  Or maybe their lunch crepes are better.
We were able to sit at the counter, which was clean and spacious.  The cashier was friendly.  No major complaints.Every once in a while, I stop by for a crepe whenever I have a craving for something sweet and simple. I really appreciate their fast and friendly service. My go to item and favorite item on the menu would be the strawberry Nutella crepe. You can't go wrong with something so simple! It's pretty crowned around lunchtime, so I'd come a bit later in the day to get a seat at the counter!Tasty crepes if you are lunching in the RTM. The prices are a little higher than Beau Monde, but expected given the location. Definitely prefer the sweet crepes over the savory.
If you're eating at the counter, the stools are kind of stiff to maneuver.Tastes great and the fruit was very fresh. They were a bit on the thinner side, good nonetheless. The prices are a little steep as well considering the size of the crepe and the lengthy wait.It was just OK for me.  I got the beef crepe with spinach, green peppers, and olives.  I probably should have skipped the olives and the steak sauce (recommended by the lady taking our order.   I wanted to put 2 stars, but I haven't tried the sweet crepes yet, so 3 stars for now.In the hubbub of Reading Terminal Market, Profi's really does a decent crepe. However, I was disappointed with the dismissive service. Was not very welcoming. Didn't feel very comfortable sitting at the counter. Very much "order, eat, and get out." 
The Parisian crepe, though, has a great flavor with the mixed veggies and meat. The olives pair well with the dressing and the crepe remains light and fluffy. Tastes quite authentic and they pack a lot in. Will definitely try the sweet crepes.Fresh and delicious crepes made right before your eyes! 
I had the chicken tomato pesto savory crepe and it was amazing. I would definitely go back! Next time I'm going to try the banana Nutella crepe!Visiting philadelphia for the first time and this was the first restaurant i went to here, i open my box to find a long dark hair next to my crepe. Absolutely ******* disgusting. With as many choice words as i have i'll just say, start wearing hairnets or the health department is going to shut it all down.Awesome crepe! I ordered the Nutella with strawberries and bananas. If I'm in Philadelphia again, I will try one of their "savory" crepes.I have yet to eat at a Creperie that I didn't like.  What's not to like about crepes?  The crepes at Profi"s are basic.  They're not exotically filled or displayed in a cone wedge that you carry around.  They are basically fruit, omelet, or notella filled, folded and served on a plate.  What makes this Creperie neat is the interaction with the cooks.  The only seating is a sushi bar style seated right in front of the cook line.  The cooks are personable to the extent that a patron next to me conversed with the cook about the cook having been off on vacation.  The conversation was that of a "regular."  Who doesn't want to feel like a "regular?"  On the same visit, the cook walked around the counter to deliver breakfast to two boys that had been temporarily left by their mother.  He was nice to them and said a few words.Adequate. Not my favorite crepe place in phila, but it gets a solid BFirst of all, Reading Station Terminal is too much fun. After wandering around all the merchants, I decided to try some crepes. I ordered a chicken basil pesto crepe as my savory crepe and shared a Nutella strawberry crepe for dessert. Both were exceptionally delicious. The experience was neat too, as you can watch as they make your crepes. it was fairly priced, perfectly filling, and quite delightful. At the very least, stop by for some dessert. There are few things sweeter than Nutella and strawberries.