We had a really great meal here! Food is made to order and they bring it to your table. It was my first time eating Venezuelan food and it was so fresh and DELICIOUS!! Very cute place, affordable, BYO. We will definately go back!! Try it!ADORABLE!!!!!! Might have helped that we had great company, but no matter how good the company the food was stunningly delicious!!
I've never eaten at a Venezuelan restaurant before to begin with, and only dabbled in local south American cuisine as I live in Jersey by the beach. We're swamped with chain garbage... so there aren't many choices, but Philly can be overwhelmingly vast in food selections that you wind up at old favorites. Not this time, but I'll tell you I'll be back here for sure.
We took advantage of a lunch menu that allows you a side and a main dish as shown in the menu. The menu isn't huge... but I wouldn't call it "small" considering the span of the food contained.
I need to go a few more times to really give a great review, but for now I'm going to tell you to go if you're within an hour's drive. Bring your appetite and over-order... it's cheap enough for that not to hurt your billfold but make sure you bring your appetite. The lunch special just with one side stuffed us all!!Dropped by for lunch today after spotting this place while walking recently. Everything we had was fresh, flavorful, and well-made: Reina Pepiada Especial and Catira arepas as well as the Patacon Pinton. Arepas were great, and I particularly appreciated that the arepa itself was not overly thick. Absolutely delicious fillings. People unfamiliar with patacones may not like the oily nature of the fried plantains, as I read in another review, but in my experience it was an expertly-made dish. An array of sauces to use.. green mayo, chipotle ketchup, papaya hot sauce. Vibrant and clean interior and fun atmosphere. Great drinks, we had the tamarind juice and the cilantro lemonade. Friendly service.. Gil and Simon have a good thing going on. Welcome to the neighborhood!We had six different menus items. Each was terrific. Love this place. If you haven't been yet, go today and go often.Flavorful order and sit down stop. Clean and colorful restaurant with a killer menu. Delicious food and churos!Very fast service and fresh food! The sauces on the table are all amazing. Each one is tastier than the last. I recommend trying all of them on everything you order. 
The arepas are soft and hold the meats perfectly. The patacones are also very good. The one we had was made  i with maduros and not tostones as I expected so just take note of that. Still very tasty! 
Would return for fast service, clean restaurant, great good, and nice people.This place is so delicious.  The Patacones was one of the yummiest things I've ever tried.  The churro are AMAZING!  I am only in town for a week and have already been here twice.  Highly recommend!This place is really, really good.  Very reasonably priced.  Gluten Free.  Sauces.  Cheese.  SANDWICHES WITH FRIED PLANTAINS AS BREAD.  Seriously, what more could you ask for in life?!Great place we will definitely come back. The arepas are just delicious. Great flavor! Simon was awesome definitely a must goI was so excited for this place to open. The food was so delicious and very inexpensive. The ambiance is warm and inviting. The choice of music is excellent and Gilberto's hospitality was wonderful. I will definitely be back for some more patacon for sure.Having just returned from having "dinner" at Puyero, I'm now qualified to post a review. Yesterday was the first day of their soft opening and stopped in to pick up - and post - the menu but I didn't have time to eat. Since just yesterday, there were already changes. A new Arepa was added to the menu - Smoked Salmon, Avocado, onions and arugula. ($9.75). Also, I learned that they are only open (for now) from 5pm to 10pm Monday-Friday but Saturday they are open from 11am to 11pm and Sunday from 11am to 10pm
. 
I was very happy with my food there, though I honestly have to say that I'll probably return more for lunch or a light dinner. The five varieties of Arepas (which are hand formed cornmeal cakes that are split in two like an English muffin and filled with shredded meats and cheese and (sometimes black beans and fried sweet plantains)  are basically sandwiches. The current "sides" are an order of plantains with white cheese or fried yucca with side of guacamole. There a few sandwiches on hot dog buns. 
Tonight I tried the Shredded chicken special (which is the regular chicken and avocado/gouda cheese Arepa) with fried plantains added ($8.75).  I had a side of the fried Yucca which look - and even taste like fat French fries.  I'll stare here that I don't do "spicy" food and none of this was spicy. This is not MEXICAN! The arepa was tasty and the filling was almost smooth and creamy. I asked the owners (brothers Gil and Simon) if I could "taste" the shredded beef to compare. Based on this, I would recommend the beef variety if you want a more dense filling - it also has black beans. Ity had a very tiny "spice kick" to it but, even sensitive me, found it very mild.  This doesn't come with plantains inside and it probably wouldn't work.
The fried yucca were not at all greasy and the guacamole (no pepper at all) was a nice touch. On the table is a squeeze bottle of a green sauce. This is a mixture of mayonnaise and avocado - no spice and also goes good with the yucca.
The restaurant is long and small with seating for up to 22 people. All tables are for 2 but can be pushed together. The walls are really creatively painted. The music playing was Venezuelan pop music (which I really liked - though I think an American pop song appeared once or twice during my visit. I hope they continue to play the Venezuelan music since it goes well with the cuisine.
Speaking of "going with...", the place is a BYOB and good South American beer - or even Mexican)- would go well with the food. Luckily Beer Love is less than a block away and carries hundred of single bottles of unusual beer. They are not cheap but it's convenient to buy a bottle or two to go with your food.
Gil - an attorney when he lived in Venezuela - and Simon (an architect) will be trying new things in the next few weeks but the basic menu stays. They both live just blocks away in Washington Square West and want to be good neighbors. I - for one - hope they will make it. I think an expanded menu of a combination plate with food that you'll only find in their country will bring even more business. Philly has one Venezuelan restaurant (Sazon) but that's up on Girard Avenue and you need a car. Puyero is just a walk away for those in our neighborhood.
Now that we have the casual, reasonably priced (and BYOB that keeps normal hours) Theresa's Mesa and now Puyero, there are new options for casual dining in QV and the environsThis restaurant was so great that I created a Yelp account just to write a review for them. The law firm I work for orders lunch for the office every Wednesday and we are always looking for new, affordable places to order from. I am happy with everything about this restaurant. Ordering was quick and simple, food is flavorful, delicious, AND it was still warm when it was delivered. Everyone in the office loved it. We will definitely be adding this restaurant to our rotation of deliveries. Highly recommend!Amazing. Honestly I don't want to say how much I like this place for my own selfish hungry reasons... Order everything and anything from drinks to food to desserts it's all something you won't be disappointed with. Staff is fast friendly and knows their stuff!I love this place! The arepas are amazing and are perfect on their own for a smaller meal(or with sides to round it out). I've gotten the Reina Pepiada Especial(chicken meat, avocado, fried sweet plantain and Gouda cheese) a few times now, it's the perfect combination of textures, temperatures and flavors. I may have scraped the wrapper with a fork to make sure I got everything. 
The staff have been super friendly every time I've been there and they serve the food super quickly. I will be a regular.Met some friends at Puyero last evening for dinner. First time there, and it's right in our neighborhood. We all agreed that we loved the place. it is bright and cheery, with some great Latin music playing in the background. The wall of Spanish sayings is really fun too.
The food was really good, especially all the sauces, which we all tried. We had chicken arepas, and pork arepas. Also had sides of yucca fries and plantains. All were delicious. One person ordered a second order of yucca fries instead of dessert she loved them so much; I ordered the chocolate filled churros. OMG!
It's a BYO and the price of the food is very reasonable, so if you want a casual, fun inexpensive place to have a good dinner, go there.Our favorite neighborhood takeout place! Delicious food! Baby K and I are super fans of the Patacón  Pintón- where sweet plantains are the bread slices in the heavenly sandwich of black beans, green mayo, and deliciously stewed shredded beef. No cheese here due to dietary restriction - which they were very accommodating towards. We also get the Reina Pepiada- which K prefers as she's a huge avocado fan so mixed with chicken is a huge hit in this household. The vibe is chill, staff if helpful and friendly, and the service is quick. We'll be back... tomorrow! Kidding... but maybe.SUCH DELICIOUS FOOD!! It tasted like home cooked comfort food. We were a big group, so we tried a bunch of different items. My favourite was the Reina Peplada and the Pabellon Arepa. And the patacons were perfect. Not too slimy and greasy, but with just the right amount of ingredients. The green sauce (hahaha sorry I don't know the name) was mouthwatering. Have that if you like your food to be spicy. I finished off my meal with homemade churros. First time I had churros and they were YUM. I loved the concept of the restaurant - warm and colorful, very welcoming. I specifically liked how the menus were displayed on the wall. Made the experience more interactive. I would love to know more about Venezuela as a country through your restaurant!We didn't really enjoy our meal.  We split the chicken especial "sandwich", and the sweet dough.  The Sammy  was a sloppy mess of guacamole, which was tasty in and of itself, but literally engulfed the entire dish.  The sweet dough was black and tasted of old unchanged grease.  The cash register guy was very pleasant and helpful but the kitchen obviously cared less about the foodGreat chill spot. The employees definitely know what they are talking about. Ordered the plantain thing. Into it.WOW!!!! My friend and I had each ordered the Reina Pepiada Especial & split a side of tequeños! Delicious & fresh flavors! I've been to several different Latin restaurants in Philly  and this is my new favorite! I loved how each table had a nice variety of sauces to try. Make sure you try the pink sauce with EVERYTHING!!! My only suggestion is to ask for a side of water if you order the cilantro lemonade- it's crazy sweet!Delicious meal! Authentic flavors that take me back home. We had the pan con queso, tequeños and mandocas to start and were incredible. For my main dish I had the patacon pisao and I am still dreaming of it. The cheese and shredded beef overflowed. Sloppy and delicious; just how I love it. For the grand finale we had the churros and marquesa. What a meal! I had to take a marquesa home because I really couldn't get enough.The menu is still somewhat limited, but what's available is delicious. This location was previously occupied by an offshoot from a Venezuelan food truck, and that restaurant didn't last long. This place seems to have come up with a much better formula for success (even though I'm not aware of any associated food truck, this time).
I've been here 3 times, and had either the Pabellon arepa or the one with brisket each time. Other family members have tried other arepas and liked them as well. There is a decent selection of sides and drinks. Lately, there often seem to be some that aren't on the menu, and are good, so hopefully they'll either make in onto the menu, or a specials board will pop up soon. If neither of these things happen, maybe ask about off-menu specials. Definitely stop by and check this place out.I have no pictures to post because I ate it all so quickly. Definitely have to stop by to get some arepas more often because they are absolutely amazing. I never knew I would like Venezuelan food so much. A great bang for your buck. Atmosphere is great here, bright colors and upbeat music make you feel like you're at a party.nothing tasted fresh,everything its fried hard. no explosions of flavors any where, the idea it's good but lack of good flavors.We stopped in to Puyero almost by accident, as we were cold walking to another restaurant and were willing to experiment with Venezuelan food (which we never had before).  The food and service were great.  The selection is purposefully limited to a few items.  I had the Reina Peplada Arepa- shredded chicken with avocado and gouda cheese, in a corn tortilla-like wrap.  Very tasty!  I'll add it to my list of South Street faves.Heard there was another authentic Venezuelan place in town and thought we would give it a try for lunch. Ordered the Reina Pelpada and the De Calle arepa with sides of yucca fries and cheese sticks. They were giving out free chocolate filled churros. I really wanted to like my meal but sadly it was lacking flavor and for the price the protein in the arepas were slim to none. Meal was nothing memorable. My favorite out of all the things I've ordered was the churros.  If I was around the area I may give it another try but definitely  won't go out of my way for a meal.Sooo good, I got the patacón and LOVED it! I definitely recommend. Food was fresh and flavorful, atmosphere was bright and clean. Can't wait to go back!We had Catira (shredded chicken, spinach, and white cheese) and Reina Pepiada (chicken, Gouda, and guacamole) Arepas and they were both really delicious. The staff are nice and the atmosphere is cool and very chill. You order at the counter and they bring the food out to your table. 
Can't wait to go back.I have been looking for a good Venezuelan place and finally stumbled upon this place on a whim when i was in the area... 
its a very small menu, but all the important things are there... the Arepas are fantastic!  Its the best "street" food i have ever eaten. the meat was juicy, tender and flavorful (if Meat had a dating profile, those would be the top 3 qualities all the ladies would want).  I also love plantains and theirs did not disappoint. i also got one of their special drinks of the day and it was so yummy and refreshing!
There are many paper menus on the wall, you can take down and look at while you wait (so much easier than trying to crane your neck to read a wall) and there are just enough small tables to line both sides of the establishment. there are colorful graphics on the wall and it is very bright and cheerful inside.
i would eat here every day if i could! cannot wait to return and try something else!This place exceeded my expectations. I haven't eaten much Venezuelan food in the past, but I cant wait to return to Puyero. Just steps off south street you can taste some really unique flavors. The tequenas and arepas were great on their own, but even better topped with their green mayo & sriracha sauces. I'll definitely be trying the dessert next time. Hope this restaurant is here to stay.Fantastic little place! I would definitely recommend eating in instead of taking out since the arepas do get soggy in the bag quickly. My favorite is the patacon pinton. But everything is great. Was a little disappointed in the cilantro lemonade though- the sugary lemonade overwhelmed any cilantro flavor.Delicious food and great service! As someone with no ties to Venezuelan food, we stumbled onto this place and have been craving it ever since! :)A little bit of Venezuela in the heart of Philadelphia. I was born and raised in Caracas, so I'm always looking for authentic tic Venezuelan cuisine.  Although this place does not offer "big plates" you can find many popular arepa choices. I ate the pabellón arepa and it tasted just like the ones from El Arepazo; even the plantains were perfect!! I also ordered tequeños which were decently sized and fried to perfection. My husband tried the reina pepeada and my daughter the cachapa. Both were delicious and authentic.  The marquesa de chocolate was not cold enough for my taste, but it tasted good too. So glad I got a loyalty card because I will be coming back!!The Venezuelan sandwiches were very tasty!  This is a small restaurant.  If you have a small child, try the fried cheese. It pleased my grilled cheese loving child!This restaurant is great. The food is incredible, the staff is friendly and everything tastes super authentic. Cute environment and simple menu are the cherry on top. 10/10 would recommend to a friend.Puyero is perfect if you want to try alternatives to tacos and enjoy flavorful shredded chicken, braided beef, sweet and green plantains, and great Latin drinks.Unlike some other reviewers, I don't know how Venezuelan food is "supposed" to taste any more than I know how Jewish (me) or Italian (my wife) food is "supposed" to taste.  I like 10 different kinds of pizza -- the operative keyword is different.  I don't ding deep dish pizza restaurants because their pizza doesn't taste like Franco & Luigi's in South Philly.
Anyway, the food here tasted good to me.  A buddy and I tried an arepa, a cachapa, the yuca fries and the tequenos.  All very good and reasonably priced.  
Clean, nice atmosphere.  There were a bunch of regulars and I saw several people doing take-out.  
The cashier and chef (perhaps co-owners?) were exceptionally patient with us.  We were both a pain in the, um, neck: my buddy has a dozen food allergies, and I'm a fussy eater who tries to avoid fried foods, red meat, and high-fat.  And I think mayo is pure evil and sent from the Devil.  The cashier spent ~ 10 minutes helping us order.
Looking forward to my next visit.The food is very delicious and different. So if you're craving something new try their sandwich with fried plantains. They use that as the bread and wrap all those yummy stuff in plantain which I enjoyed a lot. I recommend this place.Really superb sandwiches, the crunch of the plantains and savory chicken is a taste combination that I will definitely back for. The homemade sauces are also nicely put together and highly recommend trying them all.Loved it! Atmosphere, owners, and the food are buenisimo. Solid Venezuelan street food done authentic as possible this far from the equator. Patacon Pisao, Reina Arepa, and daily juice were on our first order. When went through it quickly and doubled down for another arepa. We will be back. Two Venezuelan restaurants in Philly makes me smileGreat place and delicious!! Excellent food con buen sabor! Little piece of Venezuela in Philly - def recommended!Comfortable, inexpensive and amazingly delicious! We just tried out Puyero and were excited to try the Pinton. I got a Veggie and my boyfriend got the traditional. SO GOOD! Everything from the perfect finish of the plantain to the flavorful beans was amazing. We also got an order of Tostones but found that we were quite full from just our sandwiches. They certainly do not skimp on cheese and fillings either. We also got an order of the chocolate filled churros to go, which were also delicious. Can't wait to go back!So glad to have a new Venezuelan restaurant in Philly! Ordered an Arepa and it was perfectly crispy (freshly prepared), beef was seasoned beautifully and plantains were cooked perfectly. Can't wait to eat here again!Street food feel--plus! Great deco, flavorful food, on point music (nothing of the gringo kind). The arepa I had with carne asada is freakin delicious, and my sister finishes her chorizo arepa in a blink of an eye. We could hardly move after. Come here more often! I wish there were more people around. The location in Old City next to Milk and Honey café is so perfect. (Also, instagrammable!)What a great little Venezuelan restaurant off South Street.  It is good casual street Venezuelan food. If you want fancier and more expensive Venezuelan food with a waitress than of course Sazon near Union Transfer will be more your flavor.  If you want to experience how everyone else eats in Venezuela during a typical lunch/ dinner, this is good authentic casual Venezuelan food. Personally I liked the Reina Pepiada and the Petacon Pisao the most.  Show up as you are in jeans and a sweatshirt and just enjoy an arepa.Great arepas and cachapas ! Reina pepiada especial is on point. Flavors were fresh and authentic
Place is cozy. Loved he refranes on the wall !Very good!  I got the cachapas classico (corn fritter pancake stuffed with cheese) and the tequenos (cheese sticks). I have no idea what i was thinking getting that much cheese! But I will definitely return and try other things from the menu. They do have a few different vegetarian options, which is great!I was drawn in by the Venezuelan hot chocolate sign out front. This happened to be a very cold morning. I wasn't sure what the difference between this and normal heart chocolate There is a creamy thickness to this drink with some unknown and delectable spice. Probably my new favorite hot chocolate around. Must try.Hi, Venezuelan born and raised here. My friend Vanessa and I were touring Venezuelan restaurants on Valentine's day because, what else would you do with your best friend on the day of friendship and love in the city of brotherly love? This was our second and last stop, having started at TartAreperia and then lost some $20 bills at SugarHouse Casino (damn you, Game of Thrones slot machine). We each had a different dish because we wanted to try it all and share, we are honestly a couple without the benefits, pretty much. 
Vanessa had the Patacón Pisao and I had the fried arepa (De Calle) with a side of tequeños (Ah, finally) and I also had the sugar cane juice. The cashier was from Maracaibo and the kitchen staff was from Caracas. The warmth and kindness and that Venezuelan sazón to make friends anywhere and anyhow was present. We felt right at home, like we were eating at Calle El Hambre after a rumba with our panas, thumbs up.
The food was amazing, tequeños on point, thanks baby Jesus. The fillings were flavorful and plentiful. The only reason why i gave this place a 4 star restaurants is because the need to remember their roots and offer sauces that are going to hit your Venezuelan friends tastebuds instead of only American. Sriracha mayo in a Venezuelan hot dog cart? Nah, give me my garlic mayo, my corn salsa, my bacon dressing and my tartar sauce, thank you very much.
Decoration was pretty and in line with the restaurant's theme. I very much approve this place. 
Why are you still reading and aren't on your way to Puyero!?Talk about a hole-in-the-wall amazing discovery! The arepas and patacon here are both great - I've never had guasacaca before but now I'm trying to make it at home. Also, their green sauce is amazing - I'd put it on just about everything. Finally, the service here was super friendly - they explained all the food enthusiastically, which made the experience that much better :)So good!! We went here with a large group, thankfully, because it allowed us to try pretty much everything. Yucca fries and plantains were delicious, churros were A+. And the arepas: yes. Pernil was the winner, but all were great. Can't wait to come back. Such a fun, casual place to bring a bottle of wine and kick back with some unpretentious, totally delicious food. Side note: the inside is to cheery and bright!Oh man such a unique place, never had Venezuelan food before. Food was great and service was fast. The owner is actually behind the counter and you can feel that the place is being run with a lot of heart. It's now one of my fav lunch place. I work at the escape room across the street so I guess they will see my face a few times a week.I have never had Venezuelan food before and I have been missing out. The service was excellent and the staff were more than willing to help out with my ordering and explaining what they have to offer. The atmosphere was fun and friendly and our food came out very quickly. I highly recommend this place to anyone who hasn't eaten Venezuelan cuisine or looking for a fun meal. I will be returning regularly to eat at this great establishment.Ok now, the staff is friendly and the place is over the top cute with Venezuelan cartoons and sayings on the walls and rainbow colored menus on clipboards for ordering. That's just the beginning. The arepas are amazingly good, heaped with creative toppings and served with trays of interesting condiments. I can't wait to work my way through the menu.Crispy, salty, and a kick of flavor to the face?! This is the way to go! I got the De Calle arepa and the Fajadas de Platano and it was awesome! The pork was tender with good flavor. The Arepa itself; hot, crispy and filled to the brim. Bring extra napkins and pour on one of the 3 sauces at your table. The avocado base dip for the fried plantains was fresh and tasty. The plantains perfectly cooked.  Maybe a bit pricey for what you get, but I left full and satisfied. Worth a stop!Wow wow wow. Okay sooooo we stumbled upon this spot while wandering through south street (aimlessly). I had the Pabellón and sweet baby Jesus it was an explosion of flavor in my mouth. My tastebuds went berserk...so many different flavors working together to satisfy my tastebuds. The sauce that comes with the Fried Yuca also amazing. Staff is friendly, spot is cute and cozy.Stopped here for lunch one day. Super tasty! Looking forward to going back to try other arepasLove the flavor but definitely pricey for what you get - too small in size so doesn't feel like a meal. Everything is around $9-$10 so it feels like too much to pay for a snack/appetizer portion in my opinion.Simple menu, but delicious food, great atmosphere for a quick and casual meal. The pabellon arepa with shredded beef was excellent.Unbelievable! We will definitely be returning to this amazing little place. The food was phenomenal and the service was courteous and welcoming. We had the reina pepiada especial arepa and the jamon y queso cachapas. We split them and both were delicious and filling. Also great to have a place with so many gluten free options naturally! Thank you so much for bringing the Venezuelan flavor to South Philly!To start out the restaurant looks great. Not fancy great, but it fits the atmosphere they are trying to create.
The staff is limited so be careful as there may be a nice wait if the place is packed especially for lunch. They have a lunch specials for $11.99 with arepas, patacones and a side, plus a drink. The food was arepa sandwhich was good, but the yucca fries are awesome.
Solid place for lunch, but a bit pricey.I went this place with my husband and his aunt, 
I'm a Venezuelan chef and i've been eating my food all my life and i really love my back-home food.
I'm gonna start with the good about this place: for me this is the coziest, warmest place in the whole city, i love the colors and the frases in the wall, the music, the owners are from my city and they are so polite and really good people. 
But i have to say, I was expecting more from this place. I tried the Patacon Pisao that is a plantain sandwich with beef, it was ok, the meat was tender but because i know how a Venezuelan patacon taste this is just a good trying, i will put little more love in your recepies... 
My husband tried The Salmon Arepa, the vegetables were fresh cut, and the corn bread perflectly cook but so sad that it was just a small piece of smoked salmon, we were expecting fresh salmon. My husband's aunt got The Pabellon Arepa, and the menu reads should be with shredded beef, but the meat was an old dried piece of steak, she couldn't finish it because was really hard to bite the meat. 
The tequeños were perfect you need to try them! i wish they were 5 instead of 3....
And the churros delicious chocolate small churro bites i wish they were 5 instead of 3, the are so good.... because I'm venezuelan i love our sodas and my husband love the "Colita"="Little ass" taste like heaven if you like sweet drinks.Very good place. We had Pinton and Piaso as well as a side of tequenos. Really great food. Staff was very friendly as well.We have been waiting a while to try this place, and it was TOTALLY worth the wait. We ordered two sides, two sandwiches and drinks and our meal was under $35.00....and we brought home two boxes of leftovers....and we brought our own booze. If you are looking for a quick, flavorful, unique, and affordable dining experience, check this place out ASAP!Best Venezuelan food in Philly. I looooveeee it the patacones and tequeños are amazing. The cachazas are great too and the pork they make is just perfect.Great new addition to the Queen Village area! The arepas are delicious and very flavorful. The side of plantains were my favorite. Perfectly cooked. Puyero is a great casual restaurant to eat in when you want something quick or takeout. Colorful decor and it is a BYOB which is a plus!Bonito lugar con un toque venezolano, lleno de detalles gráficos y de decoración alusivos a nuestro país vzla. La comida de muy buena calidad y el lugar limpio y con buena atenciónI am not a local and we tried this place a year ago because it was on a Dining on a Dime episode. Man, am I glad we watched the episode and decided to check this place out... I honestly still think about the Reina Pepiada Especial Arepas...
I'm so happy we're going to be in Philly soon and on a day that Puyero is open. That's all that matters.The place is very unique: the ambiance resembles a typical Latin American fast food spot. It is not just a cute place but you can tell the owners put a lot of effort on little details. Even the wall is decorated with fun Venezuelan and Latin American sayings. 
Regarding the food: you can traditional arepas (e.j Reina Pepiada), and tequeños. But what make things more special are the Patacón sandwiches. I tried the Patacón Pisao and it was wondeful. Extra points for the creams you can add to your meal (again: something you can find on very typical Latin American street food places).So glad to find Venezuelan food in Philly!! Ordered delivery to work location, arrived promptly and food was still warm. Has the pisao patacón, tequeños, and also ordered mandocas. Only thing is I am used to the mandocas being larger, but otherwise all the food was delicious, with or without the accompanying sauces. Yum!This place is amazing.  One of only two places in philly that i know that has tequenos.  Food is amazing i have tried most items and the drinks are good.  The service is great too!  Took a lot of people there and so far they all love itWe finally made it to this place and must admit it was pretty amazing Venezuelan typical food. We ordered the arepa pabellón, the cachapa tradicional , a side order of plátanos and an order of tequeños. Everything was cooked perfectly ( I was raised in Venezuela). The staff was very friendly.  Will definitely be back soon and tried some of the other dishes   Great value for the moneyThe good: Clean, colorful atmosphere. BYOB keeps the price down.
The bad: We got the Pabellon (beef) and Reina (chicken) arepas. Small portions for $9, not enough for dinner. And the yucca fries weren't cooked enough and were tough in the middle.
Recommendation: Lots of great low-key, reasonably priced, Mexican options nearby - Blue Corn, Quetzally, and El Jarocho. Check out one of these instead for better prepared food and a better value.Super tasty and fresh. The churros are ridiculous (chocolate filled!) Love the look of the place and the friendly staff!Puyero is a really great place for a pick-me-up. Good food, friendly servers, extremely colorful, awesome music!Meant to take a picture to go with the review, but when the food came out, I couldn't help but just eat. We got the pabellón and the patacón pisao, along with some cheesy bread-mozzarella stick type things. All of it was fantastic. It took longer than I would have expected for a quick-service format place like this, but it was totally clear that this was because they were making so many components fresh to order (like the plantain "bread"). Will definitely be back, and will plan ahead so I'm not too full to order churros.Delicious food! I love how colorful this place is and prefer it to the cheesesteak spots on South street. Better flavor, atmosphere and music! I ate the ham and cheese Cachapas which is a corn fritter pancake plus a refreshing lemonade with cilantro. They also have Arepas and a plantain sandwich called Patacones which I plan to try next time.The vegetarian dishes we had were nothing short of FUCKING AWESOME and I was compelled enough to tell the staff just that after our meal. Everything was super fresh and the flavors were unique and delicious. Super excited to find an excuse to get back here.Fantastic Venezuelan place. Great food, fast service, and a great ambient. I've been to the place twice, and both times I've ordered a cachapa (I recommend the Todera with pork) and some tequeños. The prices are pretty good, considering you can get a any plate for under 10$ (and you can add a side of tequeños for only 4.50$).WOW!!!! My friend and I had each ordered the Reina Pepiada Especial & split a side of tequeños! Delicious & fresh flavors! I've been to several different Latin restaurants in Philly  and this is my new favorite! I loved how each table had a nice variety of sauces to try. Make sure you try the pink sauce with EVERYTHING!!! My only suggestion is to ask for a side of water if you order the cilantro lemonade- it's crazy sweet!