Great service, but most of all amazzzzing food! But make sure to come hinge cause their food sure is filling! The environment, as expected is also quite wonderful.We went here for drinks, not a huge drink menu but a cool atmosphere, take advantage of the outside seating if you can.Cool late night hang-out. My bf enjoyed his burger and beer... I had a weird drink and was ready to go to standard tap. Lots of out-door seating and trendy dance music... it's fun.The fries were really great. The service was pretty cool. The environment was cool. I went new years day. The scene is definitely trendy, young, "hip". All kinds of people, diversity-wise. 
The food - Ok - WHY do people not know how to season beef? The patty was tasteless. Also, I asked for welldone and got medium well. I don't care if I don't have civilized taste. I dont like pink meat PERIOD!
Also, my baby ordered a black and white and only got chocolate. There was clearly not any vanilla, and the person who made the drink claimed it was vanilla in there. So I dont know, she was dissappointed with that. But our waiter was really cool.Honestly, how can you not like PYT? Cheap beers, stuffed burgers, great pickles. I have eaten the grilled chicken sandwich and the white bean burger - both were amazing. Boyfriend got a burger which I don't remember but he loved it. Will definitely go back!P.Y.T is known for their crazy concoction burgers. Deep fried Ellios burger - deep fried pizza used as buns. Krispy Kreme burger - grilled donut as a bun with chocolate dipped bacon. Deep fried Twinkie burger - not as sweet as it sounds and was actually very tasty. These are just a few of the specials we've had. Actually my hubby always orders the special and I have a bite. The specials are a heart attack on a plate and I don't know how he eats it the entire thing. The crazy concoctions are cool and good to try but if you really examine the burger itself it's just ok. There's nothing special about the patty and all the other stuff they put on the burger just hides the burger itself. If you want to try a different type of burger than this is the place to go. If you want a really good burger don't expect that here.
Other than the weekly special burger, the other highlight of this place is their adult milkshakes. Yup you read that right - alcoholic milkshakes. They are out of this world amazing and take some time to make so order it as soon as you sit down. I've come here before just to have a milkshake on a nice day. The cookies and cream is a staple for me. The Butterfinger is my hubbys favorite. They usually have a milkshake special as well.Just waited 35 minutes for their bbq blu burger while there is only 5 other people in the restaurant. I work in the industry, im supper mellow and, i made a point to download the yelp app just inform everyone possible that the serice here is horrible and they treat their guests like they have a mental handy cap... With out a doubt i would never work or be a customer here.Always have been overpriced and arrogant. I've tried them 3 times now and I'm done trying. Also, $40 minimum on cards at the bar is insane.Was great when it first opened, then a bunch of hipsters overtook it. 
Horrible service. 
Clingly weight-staff that continually talks to you while you eat.
If you want a good burger save some money and go to Shake Shack in Center City.It's a good place. The food is somewhat decent, the service sucks pretty bad, but if you're looking for a night out with good drinks and some friends it's a fun time for sure. A favorite of my friends so I wind up there by default. Also, if you check in on FourSquare you get a free beer. Good stuff right there. Also, this place is SUPER hip. So be aware that if you're trying to avoid the Philadelphian hipsters, this is NOT the place to go.Really good, fun burgers. Taco burger was fantastic. The meat is very flavorful by itself, and mixed with seasonings, it was great. Buns for this burger were a hard taco filled with cheese, wrapped with a soft taco, and maybe fried? Then filled with tomato salsa, guac, and lettuce. Burgers come with a heap of seriously good waffle fries. We also got onion rings, which were super thick cut and very simple and good. 
Service is chill and can be slow. It's a relaxed hipster place, so not surprising. 
Prices aren't awful, but not very good. I can get a better quality beef burger at BurgerMonger for half the price. The draw-in for this place is the fun and new burgers each month, but be prepared to spend $10+ for a burger. 
Also first check-in gets you a free lager. Can't beat that!PYT Score: 15
Burger Quality: 3
Bun: 3
Fries: 3
Extras:  3
Value: 3
2 Sentence Review: Lots of burger options to choose from.  The only "wow" factor comes from the teens at the Piazza
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)YES! Finally a place that has specials on FourSquare. Your first check-in per day gets you a free pint of any beer on tap except Golden Monkey. Came here on halloween and they had the kracken and some flavored O vodka on promo. Neat place, but not enough seatings for people. The courtyard is pretty cool to watch games on the jumbotron and hang out. 
I think I'll need to come back at some point for some food. Saw a few dining tables on the side.I really wanted to love this place after hearing about the crazy burgers over a year ago. Well today, 1/3/15, I finally made a trip in during a visit from NY. My boyfriend and I decided to order a burger to share after reading previous reviews. Very glad we did. We ordered the $11 doh'nut cheeseburger. Disappointed is the best way to describe my experience. The soft sugary doughnut was good, but very small, and hardly stuffed with a "burger." It was more like someone had squeezed hamburger helper through the doughnut hole, gooey, slimy cheese. The fries were just okay.
One thing I'd like to highlight is that our server was perfectly fine. Didn't go above and beyond for us, but would you for a couple who are sharing 1 $11 burger? She did her job without an attitude so that was pleasant.Ok so this is after my second time being at PYT.  I'll do a small explanation of both times.
1st time - Late at night and it was dance party mode. I think they were playing beatles, rolling stones and something else.  The second room dance floor area was packed and we found a couple people to dance with.  I was happy they had Golden Monkey and just like other times I ended the night with the monkey, I woke up the next day thinking, why do I do these things to myself.  Still a pretty good time.
2nd time - Stopped in after work with the same friend for a quick burger.  I was suprised at the lack of frills of the burger.  It wasn't bad by any standards.  It actually reminds me of a burger that I make at home.  It had sharp cheddar on it, lettuce and tomato and some "special sauce" which didn't taste like much.  The patties seemed handmade and it was cooked to my liking.  I like potato rolls so I was a fan.  I thought chips on the side was an odd idea but it's not the first time I had seen it done.  For 8 bucks you can't really complain.  Paired up with a punkin ale and we have ourselves and inexpensive dinner and good conversation with our very nice waitress.
This place is pretty cool.  When I'm in the area, i'll pop in.Just got the Han Dynasty burger.  Definitely don't go by the picture for what you get.  Our burgers (there were 3 of us that all got the Handy Nasty) all had a tiny tiny dab of aioli and about 6 minuscule cucumber tips.  The flavors were all there but they really skimped on the toppings, making it all pretty dry.  About 2 bites had all of the flavors.  2 great bites out of about 12...PYT is a cool place overall. I visited on a fall day when it was quite lively. PYT had a great vibe, which was almost a fifties diner but slightly updated. The service took a little long with our food (understaffed much?) and the place was packed. So be prepared for a wait. I loved the outdoor seating with the firepits and I wish we had stayed outside, because the weather was perfectly cool to sit next to a fire for dinner.
The menu was inventive and full of fun options. I would be careful with some of the appetizers, though. My date and I had the Belgian waffle nachos... maybe I was expecting the wrong thing, but they did not sit well with me. Overall, my burger was solid, cooked to order and with good toppings (I didn't go crazy); I would definitely go back, especially to try the adult milkshakes (as the other person in my party was not 21 when I first went and they wouldn't serve me).I've heard a lot of hype about this place, but I can't say I was that impressed. The service was great, but my burger wasn't anything to write home about. My dining partner ordered a veggie burger that they had run out of, so they offered us the chance to order something else, or wait 20 minutes for them to prepare more. We opted to wait, and our server was attentive and apologized more than once. I asked for my burger to be cooked to medium, and good thing I did! There wasn't a drop of pinkness inside it, so if it was cooked any longer it would have certainly been overcooked for me. The burger was moist enough, and toppings were decent, but for the price you pay I was expecting something more. The fries were just ok. 
There's nothing bad I can say about this place, there's just nothing that great I can say.K So it goes like this.  I heard all about PYT and my girlfriend took me for my birthday.  The burgers themselves are great.  It was tasty and it came out how I asked (medium) the drinks were cold and strong.  Thats the good stuff
Now the bad
The service ain't  that great.  it was 9 of us and we had to send out a search party for out waitress.  my they forgot about my girlfriends burger.  They totally comped it so that was good.  But the place is puny.  Its plenty of seating outside but what about the winter.  Its like a bar and 3 booths with a couple of tables in the other room.  
In conclusion
PYT isn't that bad of a place.  The food is great but the service is sub par.  If you don't mind waiting I say give it a tryThe food was decent, but the service was AWFUL. We waited for over an hour for a table after being told it would be about 20 minutes. The waitress was rude, basically slammed our menus down and walked away. Didn't pay us a lot of attention after that. It took around 35 minutes for our food to come out after we ordered. I don't know, maybe the staff just didn't like us, but however they felt, it was obvious. Terrible experience- no wonder their menu claims they "never check Yelp"... Will NOT be going back.I would really love to love this place, because it's a great concept, but the execution is consistently abominable. 
- The wait times for each step of the process of ordering and eating are infuriatingly long. 
- The burgers sound good, but are often improperly cooked, and small for the price. 
- The waitstaff is mostly friendly, but the "culture" of the place seems a little too self-satisfiedly cool for its own good. 
The other day I ordered the special Han Dynasty inspired burger and it was cooked to death, brown inside and burned outside, and the "steamed" Chinese bun was literally crunchy and dry inside. I can see how it would have been excellent if done right, but Han should be pissed that they're putting his good name on such an ill-prepared item.
Worst of all nobody seems to care. 
This place is mostly crap, and there are plenty of other much better places to eat.Went here with co-workers for a work lunch on a Friday afternoon of Memorial Day weekend. Even though it was kind of windy out it was warm and nice so we were seated outside as requested at 1PM. What proceeded was some of the worst service and dining experiences I've ever had. It took about 15 - 20 mins for us to get the menus. While looking over the menu and waiting another 10 mins for our waitress to come back and take our orders, the bamboo covering the outside bar fell off behind us barely missing those sitting on that side of the table and then the wooden barrel with a bamboo pole holding up the strand of christmas lights blew over and light bulb glass broke everywhere. At this point we decided to move inside. While seated inside for another hour a waiter finally came over to apologize for the food saying that the kitchen was understaffed and that our food would be out shortly. While waiting we spotted some employees outside cleaning up the mess of the glass. They proceeded to re-erect the barrel and pole that fell over and tape it with duck tape to that it wouldn't fall over again...this seemed like a safety hazard to me as the wind continued throughout the night...
I ordered the Big **s Cobb Salad with Chicken as I do not eat red meat and non of my other options appealed to me. It was nothing to write home about and there was barely any chicken. We didn't leave the restaurant until about 3PM. It was all in all a bad experience and I think that will be my first and last time at PTY.This place sucks. If this wasn't located in the piazza it would be closed by now. The burger I ordered sucked, they don't do take out on the weekends (which is ridiculous considering its a burger joint for the most part) and the prices are off the charts. I understand that they have rent to pay but too much for my liking. With so many other places close by that offer better food you'd be better off getting takeout from them, bringing your own lawn chair and sitting outside and you'd have a better experience.I'll admit that the menu is just so enticing. Milkshakes spiked with booze. Just about any kind of burger you can think of. But PYT takes on a lot more than it can handle. It should probably stick to a smaller menu and not stuff so much into the burger or on top. 
I ordered the cheesesteak pretzel roll burger which isn't on the menu anymore so I guess my review is less useful. I enjoy a good pretzel bun and I'll have to say that it was probably my favorite part. 
My adult milkshake tasted more like alcohol than j was expecting but I'm a light weight so I'm sure most people love them. 
If you go to PYT, spend a little time in the piazza on a nice day. It's a gorgeous place for people watching and nice shops to visit.If you are looking for a good burger go elsewhere..this place is not worth the money or hassle. First, got seated and then ignored for twenty minutes. Received no silverware, napkins, and when we put in our order for drinks those did not come until another twenty mins. They ran out of certain food..she gave me the wrong drink..and then to top it off the wrong bill...we were also charged twice because of her giving us the wrong bill which was a move of pure stupidity. When I called back..the manager SARAH basically said 'oh this happens a lot..but sorry I can't release your wrongfully billed money to you' , so my wife and I had to sick our bank on them. NO LIBS is a terrible place for comfortable dining w/o hassle...DO NOT GO TO PYT!!!!!FIRST OFF:  If you sit outside, do NOT sit in the giant wind-tunnel that is the side-patio seating (where people can walk through the Piazza).  The wind is horrible and freezing and will cool everything down immediately.
The menu is really damn difficult to decide from due to the overwhelming amount of options.  It took our party almost an hour to decide!  I got some hotdog that was deefried with onion rings around it, someone else got the Gangnam Style burger.  
Great beer, ridiculously delicious options, don't sit in the wind tunnel.Went here with our Groupon- was pretty excited because BF and I love a good burger.  
Used our Yelp check in and got the free draft beer- can only be used for Miller High Life or Kenziger.
I got the Lobster burger and bf got the Korean.  They were ok- fine in fact.  However mine was pretty plain and I would have loved a little lettuce and tomato on top. Bread was great.  The meat just wasn't seasoned very much- the lobster was good but definitely no stars amongst.  His Korean was same, not very seasoned but the kimchee was good.
Also, had the cookies and cream adult milkshake which was amazing!  However at $10 a pop, can't say I would go back for one especially since the burgers were just fine.
Definitely busy place and they have outdoor seating but for me I wouldn't make the trek.I'm always on the look out for fun foodie road trips. When I happened upon this gem of a article.... http://www.avclub.com/philadelphia/articles/krispy-kreme-store-opening-burgers,55207/
"PYT's latest weekly novelty burger platter is a set of Krispy Kreme sliders, beef topped with chocolate-covered bacon"  
My friend and I jumped in the car drove the 3 hours from westchester county NY to Philly P.A. Knowing it could be a total bust we were happy that it was surprisingly good. I wouldn't be able to eat more then one slider. The salty bacon the sweet chocolate the beef and glaze really balanced each other out. PYT has a burger of the week and that week was to celebrate a Krispy Kreams coming to the neighborhood. If I lived closer I would definitely hit it up more often.I've been wanting to come here since I heard about the shakes, they were strong and very tasty, but one is probably enough.  Also, you must try the burgers, definitely not the best in the city (Village Whiskey), but a very good burger nonetheless.  I can't wait to come back and sit outside at the Piazza when the weather is nicer.The burgers are pretty good, but somewhat pricey for the size and that you have to order separate sides. It's in the new hot spot of Philly, the Piazza at the Schmidts. 
I enjoy their onion rings and their milk shakes are good too. Getting overrated though and I haven't been back since their popularity went up. But definitely a hot spot for friends and a good area.Fun night, good burger, slow service and great backbar!
Been looking forward to getting my grubby hands on a PYT burger! Overall it was a fun night with a good burger. Cons were slow service.
Ambiance: Suggestively funny pictures on the wall, nice playful atmosphere and some rocking tunes from all over the decades. Just fun!
Service: Amusing but incredibly slow and rather confused. Our fry order was lost / never taken to the kitchen... 
Food: Perfectly cooked burger. I love when I can say medium and it actually comes out medium! Usually it always comes out overcooked. Not a fan of the potato bun because it was just too soggy and didn't hold the burger together. The special sauce was definitely on point. 
Drinks: Didn't get to try the adultshakes but another time.. However, the backbar is great for the dollar drinks hour from 10-11pm. 
Fun place to hang out with friends, eat some grub, drink a few drinks and start out a good night! Can't wait to swing by in the summer.The burgers are decent but the service is questionnable at best.  The fact that they will automatically add a 20% gratuity to your bill is absolutely ridiculous.  
I won't be going back anytime soon...  what a joke!My boyfriend and I came here tonight to use the Groupon I had purchased.  My expectations were set high due to word of mouth of how good their burgers were.  Unfortunately, I was sadly let down. 
We walked in and decided to order take out.  We ordered the Fat Boy Monster and the Pistachio Crusted Lamb Burger from the bartender and waited at the bar for our order.  It was unnecessarily  loud because of the music the DJ was playing throughout the restaurant.  
We got our food and took it out into the Piazza to eat and to get away from the loud music.  First off, the fries weren't even warm, they were room temperature at best.  Almost like they were made 30 mins ago and left over from a previous order.  We also had completely different cuts of fries which made even less sense.  Secondly, my Lamb burger was cooked perfectly med rare, but the meat had absolutely no flavor!  The same goes for the Fat Boy burger, no seasoning in the least!  A little bit of salt and pepper would have gone a long way to bring out the flavors of the meat.  The condiments on the burger were ok but did nothing since the meat was completely bland.
As mentioned by others, I really wanted to like you PYT, but unfortunately it wasn't meant to be.  Their burgers are way more expensive then they need to be.  Also, I was shorted $2 when the bartender gave me change but didn't realize until later, and didn't feel like going back.  Probably won't return here again from this experience.  All in all, a waste of $22.Dear God, man--how have I not reviewed PYT yet? I've been here a bunch of times and have always had a good time. 
PYT has a pretty extensive burger menu, with specials that are sometimes pure genius. I've had a plain 'ol cheeseburger, which I thought was very good, and the special Handy Nasty (a collaboration with Han Dynasty burger). The latter was made from marinated pork belly (probably blended with beef) with dan dan noodle sauce and served on a steamed bao bun. It was really pretty amazing. They're also notorious for coming up with wacky ideas like the taco shell made of bacon (they literally latticed bacon into a taco shell). So whether your taste is staid, adventurous, or legit insane, they have something for everyone. 
The beer selection is just OK. They only have 4 or 5 taps, and half of them pour domestic mass production stuff. You can find the occasional good craft brew on tap, and they have a decent bottle selection too.  
Though others seemed to have had bad service experiences, I never have. I should note that I only ever sit at the bar, but every time I've been here, the bartenders have been very nice and attentive. 
Insider tip: For the past two years, PYT has opened on Christmas Day around 6pm or so. The kitchen is closed and there are no servers. They just serve up some cold drinks to anyone who needs to recover from a long holiday season, let you bring your own vinyl to play, and order Chinese food from Sang Kee that they give away for free to anyone who's hungry. This is possibly my favorite restaurant event of the year. The Piazza (indeed the city) is deserted that night, except for this twinkling lighthouse on the horizon. Not sure if they will continue to do this, but I lobby them to do so every year on facebook. 
Definitely a good spot and worth checking out.I consider myself a burger connoisseur. And am always on a quest for that perfect burger. Today, that journey has come to its end; PYT! An oozing 100% beef patty covered with cheddar and bacon with a giant pickle and fries.Loved the PYT burger. We had to wait about 30 minutes but the food and service was good. We got to enjoy free beers due to checking in at yelp as well!My rating originates from the following happenings:
* Quite hungry - what should we do...?
* Hey this place looks cool
* I'll just get something normal like a beef burger
* HOOOOLY SHATTERING DIGESTION VALVES I'M IN HEAVEN!!!!! NOM NOM NOM NOM BURP BURGASM BYE!!
Best burger I've had thus far on my trip through the States, and I've been a couple a places.Looking back at my previous reviews from 3 years ago, I know the restaurant has gone completely down hill since! The service is absolutely horrible. During my last, and I mean last ever, visit, there were 3 servers in a small section, and no one could get anyone's attention. The food also isn't what it used to be. Yes, their crazy burger concoctions may sound good, but are actually impractical and unappetizing. With so many better restaurants nearby, forget PYT.my burger came out w/ hair on it. and they dont have enough vegan options on the menu. for no libs thats surprising.  
they should make a soy milk shake too. - and also like actually send clean food out.The burgers are insaaane. Absolutely the best. I got the classic P.Y.T. burger (L,T, bacon, cheddar, special sauce +add jalapenos & onions). It came with a truckload of chips which I decided to smoosh on there as well. The fries I ordered had a delicious unique seasoning but were undercooked. My friends got the onion rings which were 5 stars delicious. Get those instead of the fries.
This place would get 5 stars if it weren't for a few things.
1.) waitress was super self conscious/drunk? Kept telling us how she "wasn't really a server, I'm really just a bartender"
2.) fries were mad undercooked
3.) service was kind of lacking/slow
I feel like whoever opened this place just hired all of their 20-something year old friends & said just be yourselves. But I guess that doesn't matter because the food is oh-so good.
Dear P.Y.T.,
pleeease work on your service & this place will be great.Horrible manager.  They refused to do takeout, even to vendors at the Brooklyn Flea outside their front door who couldn't leave their booths.  Staff members said that she didn't care about losing business.  Bizarre.  Stay away.Went for the first time today based on a friends recommendation.....disappointing!  The burgers were basic, they put one slice of bacon broken in half on the burger ad charge $10.50 for a "bacon burger".  The adult milkshake would've been awesome if it was a actual shake and not a glass of milk, and when asked can they thicken it gave a bunch of reasons why they couldn't fix it. Fries were not hot and the onion rings were just eeh. I will never return here, rather go to cheesecake factory for a real bacon cheeseburger and spiked shakeWe kept hearing how PYT had the best burgers in town and it's just not true.  There are several spots with better burgers like Good Dog, Village Whiskey, Royal Tavern and budget spots like Five Guys, Shake Shack, and BBP.  With that said, the burger is not bad.  Had their PYT burger and it was okay... It's just way too crowded and noisy and it's not really that great of an environment.Oh hipsterdom, how I ironically can't help but love thee. So these guys might seem intimidating when it comes to the Pitchfork message board, but the Piazza/Nolibs crowd sure knows how to run a resturant. My friend and I stopped into PYT on a Friday night. Since PYT is a combination resturant and bar that happens to be on the smaller side, the roar of the crowd felt a little chaotic and bothersome upon entry (though what are you gonna' do on a Friday night?).  We were promptly seeted and recieved some of the friendliest and exceptional service I have ever experienced. Our waiter was kind, honest, and willing to accomodate any need. I ordred a cheeseburger well-done with American and ketchup. I was impressed that they managed to burn my burger and keep it flavorful. I stole sips from my friends chocolate milkshake with home made whipped cream as well, very rich and tasty. The fries are these dinky things I've seen served elsewhere that could be a little crispier, but they didn't ruin my experience or anything. The whole aesthetic  is nice too, I really enjoyed their juke box, which offers everything from The Talking Heads to Celine Dion. I also noted a table for two that was Pac man arcade game. I wouldn't call PYT cheap, I payed fifteen dollars for my dinner. It's a nice treat though, especially on a summer night.The only thing saving this review from 2 or less stars was our server, Vini. He was awesome. Unfortunately, our medium HOF burgers were no where close to medium and took FOREVER to be served (I mean straight hockey puck man!) The place wasn't crowded at all for a Thursday night. We were so damn hungry by the time our food arrived that I didn't have it in me to complain blah blah blah. So, long story short...if you're looking for the "scene," eat here. If you want a delicious grub that doesn't take eternity to be served and is worth the $$$...there are other options.burger was juicy. i asked for medium well and it had abso no pink at all but it was tasty anyhow... great atmosphere, loved the mix of music. very fun atmosphereOnly had miller lite and played corn hole. Had a great time, food looked great but had previously ate. Will try again.Great food and good drink specials (don't get anything too fancy... bad experience ordering an Old Fashion..). Love this place for the most part. They have a different Burger of the Week which is usually pretty interesting. 
It's a great 1st date spot as well. Nice location, and a friendly staff.Automatically adding gratuity to a bill regardless of party size-- this place automatically looses all credibility in my eyes.Soooooooooo I'm not sure why people are so upset about this place but I have NEVER had any issues.  I've never heard about the 20% auto-tip but then again I've never paid out of pocket for this myself.  Also, I've never had an issure with the food....EVER.  It just makes me so happy to sit down and indulge my entire life away with one of these burgers and a milkshake.  
Recently tried the ?uestlove milkshake and it was probably the best bit of creamy goodness I've had in a LONG time (hey, hey, keep your minds out the gutter!).  I finished that way before my meal even showed up.  I've also had the Birthday Cake shake (you have to ask for it, It's not on the menu), and the Cookie Monster.  I have NEVER been disappointed.  They also load them with alcohol and who doesn't love that?!
I will admit that if it gets crowded, some of the waiters that don't have their light bulbs screwed in too well tend to slack, however, for the most part, many of the ones that I have had were pretty good.  They're also really down to earth and I think that's the atmostphere that they are going for.
Only thing I really don't care for is that the Krispy Kreme burger is now served as a set of minis and I don't think that you can get the full effect of it's goodness.  It's kinda like downsizing a shot......you really don't get it's full effect.  Now THAT'S a waste.I wish I could give this place ZERO stars.
I had been wanting to try a burger at PYT since it opened and finally went for dinner last night. I've heard some terrible things about PYT but I wanted to give it a try for myself.  What a mistake!
First of all the server was so rude. He had no recommendations, disappeared for 15 minute intervals and was not the least bit friendly or helpful.  When I asked him how the lobster burger was he said "it's lobster on a burger".  Duh... the menu said that... I wanted to know if he sold a lot of them, if he liked it, if it was popular etc...
I ordered a burger and an adult milkshake.  The milkshake was OK, not bad but not great.  The burger was supposed to be medium rare and came out well done. I never send food back but this time I made an exception.  When the waiter brought my new burger out it was medium well, again not what I ordered at all.  It was dry and tasteless so I only hate half of it and picked at the fries. The burger was very thin and was probably a 1 on a scale of 1- 10 which is HORRIBLE for a place that's supposed to specialize in burgers. I would rather have gotten a Quarter Pounder with Cheese at Burger King.  The worse part is that I got violently ill almost immediately after leaving PYT (2 block to be exact). I have no allergies to any food so I know it was something that the PYT kitchen served me.  I'm not sure if it was the meat or the sauce but whatever it was it caused me so much pain.
I can understand that things happen and people make mistakes so I always want to allow people to correct their mistakes.  I called PYT today to let them know about my experience and not only did the manager not seem to care at all she did nothing to rectify the situation (no reimbursement, no free milkshake with your next visit, etc).  Her apology was so insincere and her customer service skills were worse than the waiter I had at PYT the evening before.
DO NOT bother trying this place. The burgers are gross and I can make them better myself.  
If you want a good burger try Standard Tap or Fado.I've never written a yelp review before but our waitress Jenna had the best customer service I've ever recieved. it was my friends 22nd birthday and she was so excited about the FREE champagne. we had amazing food but what will be bringing us back for the next round of birthdays is Jenna's attitude!!! tip her well she deserves it!!!I finally gave in.
I was resisting PYT a little because any place that uses lingerie clad women covered in mayo in a poster puts me off a little, as does any place in Northern Liberties. I can't resist the promise of a good burger though and the Piazza has proved its worth to me before so I went.
It seemed a little unorganized when we first walked in. We were surrounded by tipsy NoLibs 20 or 30 somethings so I couldn't really tell who was a server and who wasn't. I occupied myself by putting some CCR on the jukebox. Thumbs up for free jukebox with some good tunes! (Well, mostly good tunes. Cher? Really?) We got seated pretty quickly though and our server was friendly. I tried to order avocados on my burger but was told they weren't ripe. I didn't know whether to be annoyed they didn't have them or happy they didn't serve me unripe avocado. Either way, I got a PYT burger and chocolate shake plus some fries to split.
The burger was very tasty! I especially love the bacon. I mean, it's hard to find bacon I won't love but this stuff was exceptional. The shake was also really good. The fries had good flavor but weren't nearly crisp enough. I don't like my fries to be limp like these were. Though I feel like if I asked for my fries extra crispy they'd be happy to accommodate.
After eating my friend and I decided to play a small prank on the now very drunk and loud people at the bar. We put Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On" on the jukebox. It was promptly turned off before getting to the chorus. :(
I also have to mention the bathrooms. There's one unisex bathroom which put me off a little when I first went it. But the stalls are like those in fancy hotels, each is its own little room with just a toilet. Mine was really gross, but I guess that's what happens when I'm using the same bathroom as guys who've had too many drinks.
Overall: great food, kinda high prices, annoying crowds, good service.In the words of Michael Jackson's aptly named song "PYT", "I Want To Love You (P.Y.T.) / Pretty Young Thing / You need some lovin' (T.L.C.) / Tender lovin' care / And I'll take you there...Hee-EE hee" 
I started by saying/singing that because as much as I want to love PYT, this place is not consistently up to par in terms of management and actual food service. I've come here multiple times and it's hit or miss, however it's always a miss in terms of service. This St. Paddy's Day 2011 was the worst experience by far.
My friend and I both ordered a medium PYT burger, her's no lettuce, mine with everything and tots on the side. Our food arrived 25 minutes later, however what she got was a well-done PYT burger, no lettuce, with a blond hair in it :( If I order your signature burger, why does it take ~30 minutes to get it? I mean yea, the burger is good but it's not that difficult of a burger to make.
So anyway our server, who mentioned that it was her first night there, took "it" away and 20 minutes later another well-done PYT burger, no lettuce, arrived. The Perez Hilton look-a-like manager (we even told him this to his face which he seemed pretty amused about), came over and apologized and offered us a free round of drinks. 5 mins go by, 10 mins go by, 20 mins go by and still no free drinks so I took that as maybe he wasn't that sorry. Never one to just give up, I complained once more and we eventually got our drinks. 
This place has so much potential and I like the concept, the vibe and most of the other patrons so much that I almost feel bad for that night going the way it did, but honestly I'm just disappointed that this place hasn't gotten it together by now. A little attention to detail and a lot of attention to customer service goes a long way!EH....liked the song much better.
The adult milkshake was definitely the highlight of my meal there....
I do like their outdoor space though. Would be a good spot for drinks, but I would skip the food.A little bit pricey for finger foods, it was good, but for four people another place would have done just fine. I ordered the Eggo Monte Cristo, but I didn't receive my order till almost everyone at the table was already done because it was dropped in the kitchen, the best part about it when I did finally get it, it wasn't even toasted/grilled, just slapped together... I did order some Beer Battered Onion Rings and there was only three, but I did also order the Birthday Cake Shake which was pretty good. All in all my experience was "ok", I think with dropping my food and not being able to enjoy it with the other people I was with kind of turned me off and to not even compensate for the time and the quality after I did receive cause me to take away another star. Maybe one day I will give them another try.I created a Yelp account just to write this review. After getting a glowing recommendation of this place, my husband and I looked forward to trying it for weeks. Tonight we finally did and were so far beyond disappointed, I don't quite have the words for it. I'll try, though. 
We arrived at 8:30 and were told it would be 30 min for a table. At 9:20 we were finally seated. Initially, they wanted to put us inside, but the noise was so intense I had to turn around and go back outside. Now, I'm used to load bar scenes -- hell, I just moved here from NYC -- but this place was louder than any restaurant, bar, movie, concert, or club I have ever been to. We ended up sitting outside, which was marginally better. However, the music was still ridiculous and made it just a miserable eating experience. I will never understand why people think "louder" equals "cooler." The sad thing was that mix was actually great, but it was too loud to enjoy. 
Food: my milkshake was terrific... I mean really, really good. Made me forget for a few minutes that my ears were bleeding. The burger was a huge letdown after that. Solidly mediocre. Fries were good, but the chips that you get if you don't ask for fries were gross. Maybe my waitress told me that they weren't real chips, but I couldn't hear her. 
Service: sub-par. I think we got a smile from our server once, but that was about it. Just like music doesn't have to be loud to be cool, neither do people have to be grouchy to be hipster.  She brought three burgers to four people and didn't think to add napkins to the one that was at the table. Then, the lid on the mustard squeeze-bottle wasn't on right when my husband tried to use it, and mustard got all over the table. When we pointed it out to the server, she fixed the bottle, but did nothing to help clean the spill -- not even give us extra napkins. 
In all, the food wasn't worth the trauma of eating there. I will never go back.Great food, great service, friendly and helpful staff.  Super creative burgers and don't miss the adult shakes.We were thoroughly pleased with the burgers. Im thinking this is more if a 3.5 star review :)
i got the pickle-back burger and my hubs got the bbq burger. We both opted for a pretzel bun. I had imagined it would come out toasted, glistened with fresh slather of butter and coarse sea salt, sadly it did not. It was thick, ehhh...chewy, not toasted but still satisfying....i guess?!
FYI Burgers are purchased from a distributor and not made in house. 
The onion rings were extremely oversized, maybe a bit too well done. But the waffle fries were spot on! 
Service was meh, nice....fair enough nothing spectacular. 
I must say, based on reviews, I just expected it to be a bit more refined, styled and clean. It just seemed slightly in disarray and we only got there around 130pm. The bathrooms were dirty and overflowing & menus extremely sticky; this is a pet peeve of mine. Just think of all the germs. Ehhhh. 
One big gripe - They didn't have their burger of the week - shrimp something or other- which is what my hubs really wanted to have. How can you market a weekly special and not have it available on a Saturday at 130pm!? Forreal 
I got my red meat fix. Sad I didn't indulge in a liquor'd up shake but wasn't sure if if be able to fit it all.  Always next time, if we ever make the trek to Philly again. 
IMO, I think it's worth a stop in purely based on the different burger concepts.So my friends from NYC [note: 1 was gay, 1 is a punk skater, 1 only listens to rap, 1 is just a fool] came down for memorial day weekend and after attending a Red Bull open bar type thing we decided to hobble over a few blocks to PYT at the behest of one of her coworkers. One of the best decision we could've made. I could write many things but I'll keep it short:
the back room is dancing heaven. high turnover rates but awesome music (dubstep, dancey, pop, rap, good shit). ghost world was playing in the background. $2 PBRs and $3 mixed drinks aka drink specials are BANGIN. shots were a bit pricey but that's cuz i love jameson.
If you don't know what to do on a saturday night, come here and get sweaty. the backroom's walls are velvet. need i say more?I came here on Saturday night with 3 other people. Little bit of a wait, no big deal. When we were being escorted to our table, one of the waitresses started yelling at us to "get out of the way". She was very rude. Would've gotten further with a simple "excuse me".
We ordered two appetizers, onion rings and cheesesteak waffle fries. Onion rings were good. They forgot the fries. Had to remind them. When brought out, they were regular fries because they were out of waffle fries. Had to wait almost 40 minutes for our burgers. None of us thought they were anything special. My buns were burnt big time, but I didn't want to wait another 40 minutes so I settled. Also ordered adult milkshakes which were very good. Our waitress left us stranded waiting for the check. Had to ask another worker. 
Food- not that great, service- pretty bad, adult shakes- only good thing about the place. Won't be going back.Why such a high rating??
I love the glazed donut with chocolate covered bacon top on a burger and waffle fries! The onion rings were huge!  My friend and I were satisfied.  She had the burger topped with blue cheese and bbq sauce. 
Next time I have to get a shake!I specifically signed up for yelp just to review this place because of how awful the customer service is.  I am re-reviewing it , because I've been there a couple more times, and not only is the customer service as bad as its always been, but now they add an automatic 20% gratuity to EVERYBODY's bill.  The staff is rude, thinks they're better than anybody that walks in there, and makes any patron feel like crap.  The staff doesn't even deserve a dime, let alone a 20% tip.  
Sad thing is, based on food alone, they'd get a 5, but their horrible excuse of customer service gives them the obligatory one star (yeah, i wanted to give zero stars, but that wasn't an option).
Advice for the owner, if u want to keep ur business, keep ur staff in lineThe adult shakes are amazing. The veggie burger sucked and the onion rings weren't as good as everyone says.  I guess that's what I get for ordering a veggie burger at a burger place.long story short: worst customer service ever and a burger joint who does not understand how to cook burgers to temps.  
we have gone a handful of times, mostly for the milkshakes (which are good - prob the only reason to ever go), but this time in particular for the burger of the week. now, the service has never been great. it's a burger joint so you can't expect much but i should at least be able to get my burger cooked to the temp i ordered. this isn't the first time it happened but it sure will be the last because i am not going back. third time ordering food there was definitely not the charm!
it took over 45 minutes to get a medium rare burger (without warning). after about 25 minutes we asked the bartender (where we ate because the wait was over an hour for a table) and he was like "oh i forgot to tell you the kitchen was backed up. we were going to cut off food service for a bit but they said they were caught up." YOU ARE A RESTAURANT! i have been in the business for over 8 years and know that it should take less than 15 minutes to cook a med rare burger.. and their patties are not that large. and when it's the only thing you really make, you should have it down to a system... i understand being busy but it really was not anymore. it was a thursday night after 9 PM. it had def died down and people were mostly drinking at this point. 
we finally asked for our food to go, which seems to have sat in the window for quite some time. the hash browns were so soggy and the burgers were med-well to well done. our walk is just upstairs so it's not like it could have cooked that much more in a to go container.
the best part - the manager just like stood there when we confronted the bartender about the wait. way to back up your employees and run your restaurant, coward.I stopped in on a Sunday evening around 5 to try the burger with a friend of mine.  There was a DJ playing music pretty loudly in a room off the main dining room/bar, nobody really dancing.  People were ordering shots and beers, I had Cokes.  
We both ordered PYT burgers.  For $8 I think the burger is a little small.  It's a good sized patty, but should cost 5 or 6.  Beef was tasty, cooked to the rarer side of medium rare.  
If PYT is challenging the Butcher and Singer burger, then I have to say that B&S wins hands down.I'll preface this review by saying that I'm not a burger person so I was surprised how much I enjoyed this place. Went on Sunday with some friends and ordered the turkey burger. It was great, and the waffle fries were delicious! Service was really slow, which was annoying, since it didn't appear to be that crowded.Are you ready for a rant?.... I have to get this off my chest.
Food: 3 stars
I guess "West Coast Style Burgers" means copy In 'N Out Burgers.  Anyone who has had In 'N Out would not object to PYT's burgers but probably wouldn't be very impressed.  I wasn't very impressed.
Service: 3.5 stars
Nothing special but still attentive and fast.  To the "Promoter" of the restaurant... I called him the PYT Mascot... Please stop dancing around.  You can't dance and no one wants to look at you.  You're arrogant.
Ambiance: 2.5 stars
The patio makes the restaurant 2-3 times as big.  The restaurant is desperate to encompass the California vibe but their furniture is ugly and their stained couches and kiddie pool are ridiculous.  The mechanical bull is a nice touch, though.  But when you realize that you are sitting blocks away from the I-95 and those notorious Northern Liberties hipsters are laughably mimicking what they envision as "California trendster", you start tripping out.  Its just a fake and lame vibe.
Price: 4 stars
Keep an eye out for the Group-On Discount
Locations: 2.5 stars
The Piazza is a joke.  I'm impressed that someone had a vision but when something is forced, there is no getting around it.  The Piazza is perfect if you are a rich post college student still living off Mom and Dad or a very young family (still not the best environment for a family).  There is no water, there is no cool breeze... its Northern Liberties.  The California theme fits in like a razor covered square peg in a round hole.
Overall: 2.5 stars
The food is alright. Nothing spectacular.  The price with the Group On is good.  The ambiance and people in the restaurant are SUPER TRY-HARDS and just pissed me off.  I will not go back.Decent burger ideas executed well.  A bit loud at times.  Friendly service and decent atmosphere.  Would like to see a little more mature version of this place pop up some where.I have to admit, the Calibunga burger is on my top 5 list of best veggie burgers in the world (get it fried.) But the "scene" at PYT just didn't impress me. I felt like the whole place was covered in a layer of dirt....i looked at my beer glass with a side eye, questioning how clean it was. The bathroom felt like the public one at the beach. I just think there is a way to do the whole California theme without ignoring common rules of cleanliness. With all that said, I would go back for a burger and just to people watch. Next time I will sit outside to avoid setting off my OCD.Ok the one star is for my yummy adult milkshake with rainbow jimmies. 
I wanted to like PYT but I just cant. I will never go back there again. The noise and clientele ruined it for me.I love this place!  The burger of the week is one of the things that keeps me coming in for food.  I like trying something new all the time, even if my friends think i'm nuts... perfect example the KRISPY KREME BURGER!  While some people think eating a burger with a bun that's a krispy kreme donut and bacon dipped in chocolate, i thought it was AMAZING! 
Also, The owner has fun days like "snow days" where there is open bar during the day, or he'll bring in his video game system and play with everyone.
The night parties are pretty good too & one of the best things are the bathroom stalls... almost never a wait!If you want to charge me $15 for a burger, I'm sorry, but there better be some meat on it. Especially, when we're talking about ground chuck. 
We had a nice time due to great service by Nakita. She was attentive, thoughtful, polite and knowledgeable. I was so happy to finally good service in a hipster area. She really knows whats up. I'm actually sorry that the food was so unjustifiably average for me... this pretty much guarantees no return visits.
The bragged about Brioche bun was too buttered and toasted for me to enjoy it as part of my burger.
All of the choices looked great, so we had difficulty deciding. We chose to have three and share. Nakita brought the first, the portabella mushroom burger, as an appetizer. 
My first instinct-- tiny, second, delicious. 
Next, we had the Monster Burger and Lobster Burger. The Monster Burger was piled at least 12 inches high. After taking the incredibly soggy, oil drenched onion rings off, the patties seemed to be 5 oz. I could not believe how tiny they were.  It was wildly disappointing that the big "brioche bun" and onion rings made this burger look huge but when you really get down to it, there is nothing there. 
The same, if not worse, goes for the Lobster Burger. I was not expecting a lobster tail. in fact, the lobster meat on the burger was fine. It was the burger again that was disappointing. Tasty due to an excess of salt, yes.
It was just too tiny for me to get excited about.Went to PYT with friends recently, heard that once you sit you wait for a while. That did come true. Got a round of waters. Waited. Got a round of beers. Waited. Ordered food. Waited. Finished beers. Waited.
Pretty much the slowest service. Employees were busy chatting with friends at other tables. The highlight of the night was watching this guy sitting there with his short sleeve button up shirt completely open and his leg up on his chair. Had to see it. Doucher, big time.
The food was amazing though, best grilled cheese i've had in a while...One of my consistently favorite places in Philly. Tried something new  today. The pickle back burger cooked perfectly and dual parts amazing and delicious. Had a tea drink with cola and I need to b on my front porch swing it's so good. Also the buffalo chicken fries are my new go to order. Cured the hangover and left me wanting moreWent there today for Brunch/Lunch and were greeted at the door with some really cool costumes.. (it is Halloween)  They took us to our seat and we were waited on by Minnie Mouse  Although Mickey had Offed her (Halloween) We ordered Bloody Mary's which were awesome, served with olives, a pickle and a slice of bacon! The taste was great too.  We shared a Cheese burger soup which tasted like a cheese burger, including lettuce, ketchup and mustard.  My Wife's Cobb Salad was huge and filled with lots of chicken, avocado, blue cheese etc....my Chicken sliders with beer battered onion rings were just right...fun atmosphere, very good food, well worth the tripWe had the doh nut burger (which was amazing) and the taco bun burger (which was just ok). We sat outside and the ambiance was amazing the little square that the restaurant is inside it super cool. The service was quite lacking we felt like we were ignored most of the time. Check this place out if you want to try something daring and delicious.I actually had really good service here unlike many other reviewers.  The server was friendly, refilled our water quite often, and we received our food in no time.  I ordered the vegetarian patty fried.  It was good, but kind of small. I was very disappointed in the sauce though.  It said it was a special onion sauce.  The sauce was mayo with onions in it.  I hate mayo, so I guess I should have asked before I ordered it.  I scraped it off and the burger was still good.  The basil flavor was nice. It came with chips, but I substituted fries cause I'm not a fan of chips.  The fries were strange. I'm not sure how I feel about them.  They had lots of salt and scallions on them.  Not bad, but at the same time, I'm not really sure if I was a fan. I thought about getting a milkshake, but the price was just way too steep.
      My boyfriend ordered the Korean Sparerib Burger.  He said the spicy mayo was not spicy as described, but it wasn't bad.  He liked the fries better than I did, but didn't love them.  He also described them as "interesting".  
     I do the range of choices on the menu, especially for vegetarians.  I don't like the fact though that the veggie burgers come with chips that the menu states aren't vegetarian.  You think they could offer something vegetarian with them.  I would go back, but I think I'd try something else and maybe get onion rings instead of fries.Came here for lunch for the first time with a friend this past Memorial Day (it was his first time as well) and I have to say, I was VERY happy with the food (I thoroughly enjoyed the cheesesteak pretzel roll burger--yes, you heard me, a burger topped with cheesesteak on a pretzel roll--and the fries that came with it) and the atmosphere was fun and eclectic (granted the music was a tad loud).  However, the service left just a bit to be desired that particular day; our waitress seemed to be a bit flighty, but fortunately for us, the manager came over various times in an attempt to improve the service she felt was inadequate.  That being said, the other waitstaff seemed to be handling the high volume of customers quite well, despite the rush that happened shortly after we arrived.  I later found out there was some Memorial Day pig roast/luau-type event going on so that could have been why.  
I would love to come back and try one of the "adult milkshakes," and although the Krispy Kreme burger (a burger sandwiched between two Krispy Kreme glazed donuts and topped with chocolate covered bacon) sounds enticing, I think I'll stick with my cheesesteak pretzel roll burger--just a note though, you probably won't be able to finish it in one sitting.I'm still going here all the time.  The burgers are not only delicious, but they're entertaining.
The expansion of the menu to include a variety of hot dogs is great.  
The addition of the krispy kreme burger (now as sliders) to the menu full time is even better.
Shakes are awesome.  Still some of the best fries in town. 
Things still holding it back from 5 stars: 
- a few times they've overcooked my burger, which pisses me off.
- automatic 20% gratuity is kinda weird.