Great selection of games, good atmosphere and service , and they have soooo many gluten free vegan things!! I will definitely be coming back!I really wish I could give this place more than 3 stars. I was so excited to come here after first discovering its existence. I came here with a group of friends on a Tuesday night for drinks, dinner, and games (there's no entry fee on Tuesdays like there is on weekends). 
Service was really really slow. The wait staff were friendly but it was nearly impossible to track them down. One of our friends walked in about 20 minutes before happy hour was about to end and was trying to get a drink, but he wasn't able to flag anyone down until happy hour was already over. It also took us 15-20 minutes for anyone to come to our table when we were ready to close out.
I can't complain too much about the food I ordered for myself. I had the Fried Cauliflower, Korean Style (Gochujang Sauce, Tamari Glaze, Vegan Mayo, Garlic Crunch). It was super delicious but not warm when it got to the table. I also got an order of Mozzarella Sticks which were tasty as well and did get served hot.
One of my friends got the White Rook Slider Trio. When it arrived at the table, everyone stared down at it so sadly. It was so tiny and pretty pitiful looking for $13. She ended up having to order something else later since she was still hungry.
TL;DR - lots of potential, sadly didn't live up.A wonderful addition to the Philly game scene that we've been waiting for since the new year. Although we have a game cafe a few blocks from us, we had a terrible experience with management and have been bouncing up and down with every trickle of info from the website and FB page. The Headhouse Square location is gorgeous and easy to get to, even with public transport and until the weather goes gruesome, we plan on ending our bi-weekly trips down South St with a stop-in for games and good times. The staff is kind, the space is warm and the vibe is aggressively inclusive. The food is all at least vegetarian and, considering we didn't realize our nuggets weren't actually chicken at the time, says an awful lot. New, vintage, family, hardcore hobby games all mix together in a super library curated by good folk. Their prices are fair-feeling and if you have youngsters or can make it on some non-peak days, you can save a little, too! Not to be missed.Checked out Queen & Rook on opening night and have to say we are very excited to have this in our neighborhood. The game masters were helpful but not overbearing, and recommended other games we might like based on what we originally picked out which was great. It is $7/pp Thurs-Sunday and they have happy hour as well. The food menu looked great though we just came for drinks that night. It seemed to be geared towards pub food with some healthier options. A fun addition to the QV neighborhood. Can't wait to be back!Great neighborhood spot. Super family friendly. Owners are knowledgeable and caring. Would not hesitate to come here with adults only (they serve alcohol!) or of course with children. Food was very solid and tasted fresh. And of course, a thousand board games to chose from!South Street got an injection of family-friendly entertainment with the opening of Queen & Rook. It's a lively cafe with a ton of board and tabletop games, a tasty vegetarian menu, and a liquor license! 
My family and I checked it out and liked a few things a lot off the bat:
-it's comfortable. The Q&R folks, who are from South Philly themselves, redecorated the space from its former Japanese restaurant and it feels very New. There are a couple touches from that were held over and they work nicely.
-there's a ton of games to choose from and the cheerful staff can help you pick out something that fits your group and your interest. We tried Yeti in The Spaghetti, Dinosaurs Memory and Jumpin' Monkeys. The staff helped switch out the games but you can also get them yourself.
-the food had a lot of variety for being all vegetarian (and gluten-free in many cases. We tried the hummus plate, three kinds of tacos and a starter of blistered shishito peppers with a tamari glaze. It all came quickly and we enjoyed each dish. 
-Booze. 
In conclusion, I think Q & R is a great addition to the South Street scene and look forward to going back soon to check out some more games and more of the menu.We were a party of 8 outside, split across two tables. Half kids, half adults. The "gamekeeper" suggested 3 great games for the kids to stay occupied while the adults enjoyed cocktails and food.  Loved the Seitan Wings and Fried Cauliflower! A fun way to spend an outdoor afternoon!This place is really awesome! We were a group of 8 people and wanted to find something to do indoors on MLK day. We called that morning and we were able to reserve a table for that afternoon. 
There was a huge variety of games and the staff was very helpful in recommending and teaching party games for a group of our size. One thing to note is that a few of their food options and beverage options weren't available. Might be the case of working out the kinks of this new establishment but other than that really great service, great space and fun games. I will definitely be coming back here.We had lots of fun! There's A wide variety of games plus yummy menu and wine, why ask for more!We really loved this place. They have a huge selection of games, and there were several that our five-year-old enjoyed playing with. The food is also good. We were a little hesitant due to the vegetarian/vegan menu, but had no trouble finding things we liked. The "chicken" fingers were tasty, and so was the cauliflower. The booths, which I assume were leftover from the sushi shop that previously occupied the space, work very well for playing games. They even have a space that can be rented for a group.We were in town visiting for a wedding, and found this place on an early Sunday afternoon. Their team was awesome! They gave fun game recommendations, and we enjoyed each one. Good snacks too!Came here with a few old friends to catch up and play some games. The food is all vegetarian and amazing. Get the buffalo style califlower. All the snacks are awesome!  Beer selection is much bigger than I expected for a game cafe. 
If you're looking for a quiet, chill place to catch up the volume is not too loud like most restaurants. The games would usually be just a fun excuse to hang out with great people, but the games are also super fun.We came for a trivia night, and it was packed. Thursday - Sunday you pay $7/pp for space, and Monday - Wednesday, there's no fee. Typically, they host trivia's on Thursdays so you'll be paying that fee if you attend. We were pleasantly surprised by the food. There doesn't seem to be a big kitchen so we had low expectations. We loved the pizza fries and cauliflower bites. The service was a little slow, but it was a packed house, and we were occupied so we weren't worried at all. I'd definitely come back again sometime when it's not trivia night to check out the plethora of games they have available to use!Such an awesome experience!! Was hesitant to try a new place but could not be happier that we stopped by. We wanted a quick lunch and this spot came up when looking for vegan food. The atmosphere was so fun, SUCH a great selection of games (though we didn't choose to play as we were in a bit of a rush). No game play fee if you want to just eat, which is an awesome option, but we will definitely be back to try the games because the food was AMAZING! We had the buffalo cauliflower, korean style cauliflower, and the jackfruit carnitas tacos. The cauliflower wasn't breaded, which wasn't what we were expecting but was so pleasantly surprised. Buffalo was super good but the korean style may be the best cauliflower dish I've ever had!!! Jackfruit tacos were super satisfying and a decent size. Great prices too. TRY THIS PLACE!!!In town for PAX and meeting up with friends at Queen and Rook right after. A lot was on the menu but I was intrigued by the Szechuan Hummus. Whose diabolical mind is behind this? To decide that these two great things should come together? I can say this because I'm Jewish and from now on, I demand my hummus to come with Szechuan oil. Will spread the word.Our family loves Queen & Rook Game Cafe. They have an unbelievable game library and their employees have great game knowledge. We told them the types of games we like and they suggested new games that we loved. We even bought one of the games. 
The food is also great, which I didn't expect from a game cafe. All the staff is exceptionally nice and it's a great environment for adults and kids. We've been there 4 or 5 times at this point and plan to return many more.What a great new addition to Philly! We went on a Sunday afternoon with two families. We were able to make a reservation, and were greeted and seated promptly upon arrival. The best part is the huge selection of games! Was able to introduce my kids to some they haven't tried (there are so many it's hard to choose). Loved the vegetarian food options, and that there was no pressure to order (only the kids ate). A great time was had by all ages; we will definitely be back!This place is awesome! I loved coming here for outdoor seating and can't wait to go back. The cocktails and food were really tasty. I love all of the vegan options and our server Summer was awesome!There were sooooo many games it was overwhelming, but they have trained staff to help pick out games and teach you to play them. The food is delicious starting with the popcorn! It's mostly vegan and as a non-vegan I found the food yummy!!!! There's a full bar. $7/person for 3 hours of so many games is a steal! Staff was amazing and welcoming! We used the Yelp offers. Totally worth just saying we found them on Yelp!Wonderful surprise! We have been to this board game café before but had only gotten popcorn (which is pretty good, plus a great deal). For Valentine's Day weekend we decided to have dinner here over a board game and wow! We did not expect how good our food was. My boyfriend is vegetarian and he had a hard time deciding what to get - a great problem to have as that's almost never the case! 
The cauliflower we ordered was slightly spicy (yum) and a great portion size. Perfectly crunchy, we wish there had been more! The fish tacos (vegetarian fish!) were also amazing, although we wish there had been a bit more sauce in them. We also got the buffalo seitan but forgot to take a pic! Overall, great vegetarian food, will come back when there's no game library fee to eat a little bit extra.Cool spot with thousands of games, cocktails, and knowledgeable game specialists that can give you old school game recommendations and new ones. Loved the environment...such a different and fun vibeI came here to play a few games with friends before a convention, mainly because they have a reservation system that is easy to use. They also serve yummy vegan food and make vegan cocktails.
Their library ranges from really old classics to modern boardgames -- super impressive! To gain access to this they do charge a library fee but it's very reasonable considering you're taking up a table for the next couple hours.
I didn't have any complex foods or snacks here (just popcorn and edamame), but I did get their bourbon butterbeer. I wasn't terribly impressed by it. It was delicious, but did not really deliver on the magical, wizarding world experience I'm used to.
The temperature control in this place could use some work, as I was either too hot or too cold depending on what area I was sitting in. Some of the staff were a little grumpy as well, which is surprising considering it's supposed to be a game cafe (and fun?). I was pleased with the noise control, though. I didn't find myself having to yell. Would be back.They have a huge selection which was great. We went on Friday and there was a $7 fee per person, which is a bit expensive. Their games were fun. Seems like some things are still getting a bit organized (games, etc.). I was disappointed by their beer selection. No draft beer and only cheap beer offered on happy hour. It was a bit too kid-friendly and noisy for me. This place is convenient, but not my favorite.Pretty cool place! Our first meal in Philly. We flew in from San Diego on a delayed flight and we were starving. This place did not disappoint. We didn't play any games (too tired,) but we did try the Jackfruit Tacos (amazing,) Pizza Bagel, and the hummus plate. The mint tea was amazing too. Really friendly staff, I would definitely check it out. Looks like an awesome place for a first-date or a family dinner as you can dine and play a fun board game. The selection of games they had was incredible. 
Check it out!Owners Edward and Jeannie converted a japanese restaurant into a top-tier board game cafe. 
My first time there I enjoyed the "fish" tacos and craft beer. On another visit I enjoyed gin cocktails featuring gin from a local distillery.
Fun games, tasty food, friendly people, and a warm atmosphere. This place is a gem!This place is a real gem and so much fun!
over 2,000 games to play and I picked up a new Fluxx deck and another game on sale.
We went with a group with dietary restrictions and everyone was very accommodating. You can reserve a table in advance, and even make special requests ahead of time.
The environment is cozy if not a little hectic but our waitress and game sommelier and even one of the owners were by several times to check up on us. The food was spectacular, vegetarians and vegans will be delighted by the menu selections, and the ceramic wear is eclectic and beautiful.
Really great place, we will be back.Came with friends to try something new and we all thoroughly enjoyed it. We did have to pay a $7 game fee, but other than that - everything was great. The atmosphere is inviting, the selection of games are unreal and the food and drink menu was relatively diverse without being overly expensive. 
I was pleasantly surprised to see a lot of gluten free options and even more thrilled to hear they have a dedicated fryer - cue me ordering French fries! 
Thing to note: it was extremely hot inside. We were all sweating. At one point they opened the door to get some outside air in.I never thought I would go to a game cafe, but I came for a networking event and was so surprised by how good the vegan menu was and that I had a lot of fun learning to play new games while meeting new people! Loved the shishito peppers, Korean-style fried cauliflower, fries (especially with the vegan sriracha mayo sauce), and tempeh sliders. I even found myself learning new games while meeting new people. The owner Edward was very hospitable and I can definitely see this being a great spot for groups and events!Fantastic food. Great drinks. Amazing service. Tons of games to play. Inviting atmosphere. Highly recommended!This place is amazing! Great food, coffee, and desserts paired with board games for all types and group sizes. Incredibly friendly and knowledgeable staff make learning and playing the various games a breeze. Chill atmosphere, an environment of inclusivity, with an awesome selection of tasty vegan food makes this a must visit. We will be coming back next time we are in town.I loved hanging out here, eating, and playing board games with my friend! 
Here's what you need to know:
-$7 gets you three hours of gaming, they earn you if your time is about to run out. We are maniacs, so we opted to pay $7 more for a total of SIX HOURS.
-no food or drink minimums from what I could tell
-extensive game selection. You name it, they have it
-GREAT VEGAN FOOD
-an array of drinks, including alcoholic drinks, coffee, tea, and soda
-all gender restroom 
-you get a waiter for food AND a waiter for games
-the gaming waiter helps you understand the rules!
Our waiter was so nice and patient with us. He cheered us on as we tried to save humanity in Pandemic. Clearly, we liked this place because we spent about as long as it'd take someone to fly across America there. If I'm back in Philly one day, I'll definitely be back!!Really good food, friendly staff and the order was on time. Also it was easy to find parking. I highly recommend the beyond burger and fries. As far as I know you can't go wrong ordering takeout here. I'll be back :-)Went there for a little over 30 minutes but they had a great inside and an incredibly large selection of any games you'd want. Really good prices for the amount of time you play. Only downside was the iced mocha that I got that tasted really weak and nothing like mocha or coffeeI never really feel compelled to write a review after a meal but tonight I felt like I had to. I ordered delivery from here using UberEats and I'm so glad I did!! I got the queen burger with fries w/ vegan cheese and the sea fry tacos. Both were so satisfying and tasted so good. I will definitely be eating here again! :)So glad we found this place. Amazing plant based food, some vegan and some vegetarian. And so reasonably priced. In addition, it's a game cafe!! Many games to choose from for any amount of players. $7 fee per person to play games, but limited seating at the bar if coming just for food. Very nice staff as well.I wouldn't ever be worried about under cooked food here. Everything was crispy. Actually wait.... the fries weren't. Those are what I normally want to be crispy too. 
So
I'm not upset I chose this place and I would choose it again. It was good. But srsly everything was crispy as F**K. (CAF)
The Seitan wings were my favorite piece of the puzzle. We ordered sliders, a veggie burger, Seitan wings and something else I can't recall. It had tofu on it and it was CAF. 
If you're the type that wants your veggie burger to taste and feel like meat these are probably the closest I've ever had. Take into account though that I grew up thinking steak had to be well done and smothered in A-1. 
So how crispy is too crispy? You decide.I finally had the opportunity to visit this establishment with over 1300 games. This place has an enormous range of games; something for everyone. I utilized the expertise and advice of the gamer. My young adult children and I enjoyed the recommended game "Spot It". It was like Memory/Uno. So much fun and did not require too much thought. We tried several items from the menu. Beautiful day, outdoor seating with an umbrella, nice breeze and exceptional service from SHANE! If for some reason you are seeking more than games, good food and service, there are great drink options. I enjoyed the Felix. This is an establishment my family is looking forward to visiting again.On a cool Friday night my family and I wandered to Queen & Rook. We sat outside, snacked on kale salad, beyond burgers, and fries. We enjoyed a leisurely dinner and dessert and game of 'Mario Monopoly. It was a great way to enjoy the autumn weather while we can.Weather you're an avid board game player looking for something new or simply just want to get tipsy while getting a spunky change of pace, this is the spot for you. 
Although the ambiance wasn't what I was expecting... the wait staff is amazing. 
My boyfriend decided we would kick off my 24th birthday at this little joint and the waiter completely realized I wasn't enjoying my cocktail and made me a new one on the house without saying a word. 
It was so sweet. 
I am not super into board games but this man knew his stuff. So refreshing to see someone doing what they love and involved in something they are so passionate about too. Definitely go support this company and take a trip down memory lane if you have the chance!!This is a terrific board game cafe!  Even better, the whole menu is vegetarian/vegan!  Ezekiel was a very helpful gametender and checked in a couple of times to make sure we had the hang of the game he helped us select.  We'll definitely be regulars.I had so much fun here! They have so many different type of board games and really something for everyone. I came with two friends and we spent a few hours here on a Monday after work. We played Mall Madness (my 11 year old self was thrilled), Sorry, and Uno. Service was great and someone was always willing to help. They have mainly vegan and vegetarian food options available and a few different types of beer and wine. I can't wait to go back soon to play more games.We had such a great time here last week! My brother and I's birthday fall in the same week, so 3 of us went here for dinner on the 9th. My brother and his girlfriend had been there before but this was my first time. We were shocked because it was a Friday night but we were sat immediately. The person who sat us was Issa, who kept checking in on us throughout the night, and our server was KB who was awesome as well, and our gamekeeper (I'm unfortunately forgetting his name) was great and encouraged us to try a game we'd never heard of but ended up loving. The food was amazing, the Buffalo wings were definitely our favorites, but we also ordered jackfruit tacos, sliders, and a burger which we all enjoyed. The cocktail/drink items we ordered were also perfect, I ordered one off the fall menu and my brother ordered another off the wizarding/Harry Potter menu. My brother and I had posted on Instagram that we were celebrating our birthdays and the owner ended up replying and saying happy birthday, and Issa came out and said we could pick 2 desserts on the house which was unexpected and wonderful! The staff was all super professional and helpful, and Covid safety measures were all being taken. We'll definitely be back!Came here this past weekend - first time eating out since March and we couldn't have picked a friendlier place. Shoutout to the friendliest host Wesley! Took care of us all evening and made sure heaters were working well! We got fries, cauliflower, Mac and cheese and mozzarella sticks. Cauliflower was amazing!! Highly recommend. As were the fries. Also got some tea and coffee. Super vegan friendly which was a bonus. Ended up buying two games with our 10% dining discount! Can't wait to be back to play next time.Great vegan food selection and great service. Love the Harry Potter themed cocktails and the selection of board games are top tierLove love love this amazing and unique game cafe! They are super accommodating and kind. The food is delicious and vegan/ vegetarian friendly. The seitan Buffalo wings are some of the best in the city (if not THE best). The Queen burger beyond meets (get it?!) the need for those of us who love cheeseburgers but don't eat meat. Fries are delicious and perfectly done. The staff is super friendly. There are SO MANY GAMES to play and it's well worth it. Just celebrated my birthday here after ordering food during the pandemic and can't wait to return!Queen and Rook was great! The vegan fall specials really hit the spot. A nice quaint spot with a plethora of games to play. The Mac and cheese, chicken sammie, portabello sammie, and the cauliflower tacos were amazing. Would recommend all of the fall cocktails as well!Service wasn't the best. Made a reservation but they overbooked so we had to wait despite being early. Never got napkins after asking for them. Fun atmosphere with games and decently priced to play. Just not great service.Second board game cafe I tried in philly and what a great experience! 
Best part of the place is the staff. So nice! Lots of good game recommendations. Very attentive and just genuinely nice people. At the end of the night one even brought out some extra cupcakes that they had gotten for their birthday. 
Great beer selection. They even had a couple Cape May Beers on tap which I haven't found elsewhere in the city. The Bog was an excellent one! My friend had a mixed drink which was also delicious. All the food was excellent as well. The only let down was the souvlaki - sauce was good and nice fresh veggies as well but the strips of "meat" were big chunks and not super flavorful. Had fried cauliflower which was not too saucy but nice and crispy on the outside. Mozzarella sticks - fried nicely. Brussel sprouts were delicious and different from the usual flavors you get elsewhere. Also had the street corn nachos which was different and delicious with some cotija cheese and sautéed corn. 
The number of games is just ridiculous. They're sanitizing games in between uses and masks are required if you're up and about. Nice and spacious inside and lots of cool sounding special events during the week (trivia, pokemon nights, etc). 
Overall an excellent experience, and the real standouts were the fantastic staff. Check em out for sure.Wow this is a real treat just outside the heart of Philly.  I believe it was $7 per person for unlimited access to the entire game library.  Just upon first glance any one of these games will easily run you $30-$40 a piece, so if that doesn't pay for itself I don't know what will.  We were seated indoors in Korean style seating with cushions and your feet going under the table,  I would have liked a little back support but that's okay.
There was a helpful worker there who explained the rules to us in a brand new game my girlfriend and I had never played before.  He was very patient and helpful.  We also ordered 2 drinks, a sour whiskey and I had a jack and coke, both were strong.
This is such a unique place I wish I brought my friends along with me for the first time.  I guess there's always next time since I'll for sure be back.I will definitely be visiting this place again.  I really wanted to give this place 4.5 stars, all things considered, but really on the fence.  We ended up getting our membership fees comped because there was so much going on with so many changes that the waitress had to work with.  So, we gave her more as well.  This makes me tip toward 5 rather than 4 for this visit.
I had attempted to order stuff ahead of time and they didn't have the butterbeer or the fish tacos.  I didn't find out about the fish tacos until near the end of my time there.  I think I had had them before once, and I thought it was something else.  Next time, I'll ask if they have the vegan fish sandwich again- which I think was listed on their take out menu online, but not on their physical menu in-store.  I know they didn't have this option today because I asked about other vegan seafood options when they didn't have the vegan fish tacos.
Service could not have been better- especially for such a busy day for 90s trivia.  They also worked with me to change my reservation from 1 to 2 to 3 people as friends of mine could not confirm earlier, and I didn't notice the event until the day before.
The Vietnamese coffee was on-point- especially since they use a special device to brew it up all done and proper.  Mozzarella sticks- while nothing particularly special- used the type of breading I like more and were done well.
I also enjoyed the Bey- ginger lemonade with a spicy kick.
One of my friends let me try their seitan wings.  While there was nothing wrong with the wings, it just didn't stand out.
Their instagram does a great job showcasing its employees, games, events, and food.  The fries are a winner as they are fresh with a good variety of toppings (I can tell even though I haven't tried yet!), their Mexican pockets looked superb in the pic and one of my friends enjoyed it tremendously, and the fish tacos that I wasn't able to get this time around seem to be a highlight too.
I was surprised to see that they use Vigo Amaro for at least one of their cocktails.  I'd never noticed a fancy cocktail place use local booze before- maybe I just only know a few, but very respectable list.  When I first had a cocktail, they didn't have such an extensive menu and I don't think the bartender at that time knew what he was doing (like a year ago.)
A friend of mine plans to have a birthday party here.  So, it definitely won't be the last time.
On the event ad, part of the event was for "best dressed."  I had "dressed" enough for the occasion, but it didn't seem or I didn't hear anything about best dressed being announced.  I probably should've went up and asked, but I was kind of embarrassed about it and didn't want to make a big fuss over it.  It was kind of hard to hear sometimes- the announcer was doing a great job.  However, since my teammates didn't really know a lot of the answers later on anyway, they didn't really care to have them repeated and we just put stuff down on our score sheets.  
In terms of the bill, I think my group of three should've asked to have the bill split individually at the beginning so that it wouldn't be too confusing for the waitress later on.  Sometimes, when we're all just coming from work, it can be hard to think of these things.This place has been on my radar since it opened and I sure wish I visited before COVID hit! We ordered their super box for the Super Bowl and it was all SO GOOD. The highlights were definitely the Shishito pepper (so simple yet so delicious) and the tempeh wings. 
The inside is bigger than it looks and they have a wide variety of board games to buy and play! I can't wait to come back and spend some time playing board games. Until then I will definitely be ordering from this cafe more often.My first time eating at a Began restaurant and it was worth it! The mozzarella sticks with the marinara sauce is soooo good!! Great atmosphere and good service!! Love the fact you can play the classic board games is definitely an added bonus!!What a great place to hang and chill with friends. Great board game selection. They offer vegan options, highly recommend the vegan butter beer. The food was tasty. Parking is a bit limited, I recommend making a reservation if coming with a big group as the indoor seating is limited.This. Place. Is. Bomb.
First, I've been to these concepts before. And they're all fine, because I'm a nerd, and like playing games, and like coffee.
But this spot has a full bar. Full disclosure: I'm doing dry January so I couldn't take advantage, but knowing I have the option is just *chef's kiss*.
Also, big game selection, from classic poker card decks to Clank: In Space, they've got what you need to pass too many hours in a cafe.
Food-wise, the seitan wings were super crispy and well sauced. Fries are also tasty, even after they get cold because you're planning your next move to make your play date cry or attempt to flip the table. Plus, all the food is plant based, so as a relatively conscientious omnivore I felt good about ordering whatever.
Very friendly staff, a cozy and bright space, and baby, you've got a Vichet's favorite new place going.
Also a funky, weird, fun tea selection. Dry January, what a larf!Awesome place with helpful and friendly staff. Don't regularly eat vegan food but the Seitan Bacon Mac & Cheese and the Taco Trio were both quite good. The staff recommended great 2-player games for my wife and I--Quarto and Blokus--and we ended up buying Blokus. Owners were super accommodating to our plans for a party here prior to the pandemic. Highly recommended for food and fun.Haven't written many reviews since the start of the pandemic, but I just couldn't help myself after going to Queen and Rook Game Cafe!! My wife and I went with another couple during a weekend trip to philly. Queen and Rook's efforts to minimize germ spreading were appreciated and we had an awesome time. Shout out to our game master for introducing us to Decrypto, an instant classic. Cheers!AMAZING PLACE! $7 for unlimited game time. Or it could be 3 hours, I can't really remember. But there are hundreds of games to choose from. The tables are small though. Luckily, we were placed on another table about half through playing. The food is all vegetarian and vegan friendly so that's a major plus. Also, the drinks are super tasty as well. I got a few margaritas and they were all delish and strong! 
They could work on their service though. 
I would love to come back!Stopped in during the middle of the day and had a really great conversation with the owner, my server, and one of the game-keepers. Everyone was super-friendly and knowledgable. The selection of games was outstanding - I am pretty into the hobby and there were several titles I did not recognize while scanning the shelf, which is always exciting. The tacos I had were really good too, so it seems like they're holding up both the cafe and board game end of the bargin. I can't wait to go again with some friends.I've been searching everywhere for a Kickstarter game, Blood Rage, that's at least 6 years old  with no luck. As a last resort I searched FB marketplace, I'm located in Michigan but this place popped up! Their website said they had it!! They were able to assist me over the phone, pay for it and have it shipped to me. Edward even offered it to be gift wrapped. I might just have to take a trip to Pennsylvania just to check them out in person.I love this place! They are super COVID conscious, as they have heated outdoor seating. They have over 1000 board games for you to peruse and play and are helpful in helping you pick a game! All the food is vegetarian and it's super delicious. The drinks are also great!Our server only visited our table once after taking our order and that was to deliver our appetizers. Food was pretty good, but the service may have been the worst I've ever experienced. 
No bueno!I have walked by this place almost every day since it had opened and I thought to myself.."this will never last". Went tonight with a few neighbors and had a blast! They had so many games to choose from (thousands)!! I however was stuck in the corner seat so I wasn't the one to peruse and check out the games. 
My only complaint is the space. Of course they want to fit as many people as they possibly can in here so yeah it gets quite cramped. You're dodging people's games, tables, elbows etc when trying to get to the bathroom or pick out games. They do however make the tables large enough that you can tetris in a game, drinks and food which I appreciate!
The menu is large and mostly vegetarian/vegan. They had several gluten free options which was great for my gluten free bestie. We tried the nacho fries -great, the fried cauliflower (In Korean style) - the best thing we had, popcorn - eh it's just popcorn, I can make better at home, and the tender/fry basket - not good if you're used to chicken. 
Since it was so busy service was slow but all the servers are "game masters" Incase you need help playing a new game! That's wonderful, really gives you the opportunity to learn something new!! 
I'm sure I'll be back but it was on the pricey side, so not as soon as I'd like. You do have to pay a $7 per person game fee (realize you get 3 hours for that), food is also on the higher end of the scale for what it is..I don't need all of those gf, vegan or veg options so I don't care to pay more for what I don't need but it is great to have an accommodating spot in QV!!What a shit show. Good fucking GOD.
So I live 1/2 block from here and despite being a nerdy gamer I had no idea it existed. A week ago I came in and spent just under $200 on games. Games I know I could get online for 1/2 that price, but I like to try and support local business - especially ones that are run by women or black/brown folx.
Today I decided to have my annual solo birthday lunch here. I was wary of the prices, which are exorbitantly high, but I thought, screw it.
Their website says to make a reservation through a website, so I did. The website for some reason would not allow me to adjust from "2 guests" to just one, so I let it say two. It was for roughly a half  hour after I made the res, so I walked on over 10 minutes later, a bit early.
The outdoor table that was reserved for me was huge and set for six. When I walked in, the person at the register (also a server?) seemed immediately annoyed with me. They pointed out the res for for 2 and I apologized and explained, which only seemed to further annoy them.
When I was seated outside, I found that the tables are on such an EXTREME slant that it was physically uncomfortable. I could feel my calves burning trying to maintain a steady posture, so I went in and asked if there was any way I could switch to an indoor seat.
The only available indoor seating was traditional Asian sunken-style tables. You are essentially sitting on the floor and there is a pit beneath the table where your legs dangle in. This offers ZERO back support, and I was at that moment almost inclined to just leave, but I really wanted to make it work.
I ordered the Rook Burger With Fries, described as having dijon mustard, "golden onions" and swiss. I asked to sub cheddar for swiss. $14.50. I also ordered an iced tea and asked for lemon, $3.50 (only one refill allowed,) and the mozzarella sticks, $7.00; and to really go for it, the strawberry shake, $8.00. If you're counting, that's $33 for a one person meal. Not INSANELY high, but that's before tip and tax of course.
My tea came out...no lemon. I didn't notice until the server walked away. I tasted it, and instead of the sort of basic iced tea one would expect, it was some kind of herbal blend. I wasn't thrilled, but it's not the end of the world. However I sat waiting for any sign of my server so I could get that lemon, and they never reappeared.
Roughly 15-20 minutes later another person appeared with my app ANY my entree', thus eliminating the entire purpose of an app. He set it down and I immediately noticed a massive burn on the top bun of the burger. A dark black burn that covered 70% of the top. I asked this person to please bring me some lemon, so he went to go get that.
I opened up the burger to discover a huge white blob of mayo on the inside. I DESPISE mayo. It is the most disgusting substance in the world. There is no mention of mayo being on this burger on the menu; the other available burger SPECIFICALLY mentions mayo, so I had no reason to believe this one would have it. Additionally I noticed the cheese was white, and was concerned it was the swiss and not the cheddar. It also occurred to me at this moment I had yet to receive silverware or a napkin.
But worst of all - the "golden onion" turned out to be grilled onion. If there is anything I hate more than mayo, it's grilled onion. They literally make me wretch. The other burger on the menu is listed with "red onion", so I just assumed this was yellow, not red, onion. Any time I order a burger that says on the menu it has grilled onion I ALWAYS ask them to substitute raw onion.
The server came back with my lemon and I asked about what was going on with the mayo and cheese, so he went to inquire. He came back and said that the dijon mustard is mixed in WITH the mayo, and at that point I was just like...done. The original server/greeter made me feel unwelcome, I waited for an order only to have it come out with mayo and grilled onion when the menu doesn't mention this at all - with a giant burn on the bun...
I just excused myself politely and left, and trust me, I'm never coming back. The great irony is - I am not really that picky. But you have to actually say on your menu what somebody is getting! If a burger comes with a mayo and dijon mix and grilled onions, that's what your menu should say.
So I guess today's solo birthday lunch is gonna be WaWa, and honestly I wish I could just return my $200 in games. I'm really bummed out, as a biracial genderqueer person, because I thought maybe I could make this my go-to for gaming purchases and special meals... but clearly I'm never setting foot in this place again.I came here with friends the other night for game night. Whatever fame you are looking for, they probably have it. And if you don't know what you want to play, their staff is more than happy to make a suggestion. 
There is a game fee of $7/person Thursday-Sunday I believe. 
The menu is all vegetarian and most of not all items can also be made vegan. There is a pretty wide variety to choose from-salads, sliders, nachos, roasted veggies, ice cream, cookies, donuts from Dottie's, etc. they also have a full bar. 
The service was great overall.So, we were at first excited by the games and service.  We were not drunk coming into this place.  Just happy.  When we were not served our SECOND round, we were told there was an issue about us being over-served.  The waitress was not cool, the bartender too.  We were low key and find it ridiculous.  We were told one of us "stumbled" which is just not true, but also give people in flip flops a break . No thank you! Birthday celebration with laughter and drinks wasn't in the cards (ha). I live 2 blocks away, brought 3 friends with me. We agree, we will not go back.I made reservations for my friends birthday on Monday and had an over all great experience. When I called confirmed my reservations I spoke to a really pleasant woman. Upon arriving the staff were very welcoming. The food options were great, especially because the menu is mainly vegan which is great. I tried the seitan(it was great) and the nachos (great!). The only thing that fell flat were the jackfruit tacos. The beverage menu had really good options as well. Overall, the venue is pretty awesome and the food was great and my friends and I had an amazing time.