My husband and I took my mother here for her 100th birthday!
We can't say enough about the treatment we received: from a great table and view, to delicious "compliments of the chef" extra dishes, to a beautifully decorated cake plate, to the warm and attentive servers. It was much more than we expected, even for this very special occasion. For us, it was a wonderfully memorable experience.great food, great view. Try the lobster mac and cheeseSecond stop for Center City Restaurant Week:  R2L, dinner for $35 each. 
On the 37th floor of Two Liberty Place is a very fancy-cool restaurant/lounge where you can get a bird's eye view of the city! Group of us went to dinner here together after a day of meetings. Didn't get one of the tables facing the windows, but still had great views of the sunset and city by night. Again, multiple choices for the three courses, but I chose to start with the crisp peas/ham/garlic risotto [balls]. Main course was the Butcher's Filet (braised short rib + Steuben bean chili, potato/farm veg slaw and basil), which was quite heavy since there was also meat in the chili as well. The dazzling dessert to finish it off was the milk chocolate + hazelnut pudding served with salted caramel and coffee to melt the chocolate, and candied almonds on the side. A bottle of wine for the table as well. Food was great, waiter was awesome (making sure to warn me that the risotto came in ball form rather than a bowl, for instance), very classy experience.Walked into the restaurant, with reservations, and many open tables.  I asked the manager for a window table and was responded with "they are all reserved."  Two hours later, when we left, still many open tables next to the windows.
Overall food was good.
I had the filet and she had the salmon.
The bottle of wine that was recommended was $75 and was not told prior to ordering it, just that it was the last bottle.Came here for my 21st birthday dinner with my family and had a great experience! The food and drinks were to die for, but they were extremely overpriced. Even though the quality of food was good, I still don't think it was worth what we paid for. I recommend getting the lobster mac and cheese as an appetizer, it was probably the best mac and cheese I've ever eaten. At the end of the meal, they gave us some small complimentary desserts, even though we ordered a bunch of desserts to top off our meal. Had a great time, but definitely overpriced.This review is for a corporate event in a private dining room with a limited food menu & bar. 
I was blown away! One of the best meals I've ever had and service was flawless, expert, courteous, and never intrusive. Passed hors d'ouevres were creative and tasty. Lobster consommé was delicious and filet was PERFECTLY cooked & seasoned, melted in my mouth, and a generous portion. And that view is just stunning! Actually a better view from our private room than the main dining room, where I've been for a happy hour event (which was less perfect since the space was very overbooked resulting in slow service). Highly recommend for an event and may be back here for a special occasion dinner.An amazing view, impeccable professional service great fare,don't  skip a visit to this Philadelphia gem. Nick, who is a stellar, incredible server, recommended a lovely 2010 Bordeaux-Chateau Font Merlet which complemented the Tuna Tartare and Steak Tataki.
This is a must see in Philadelphia. After witnessing a fabulous nighttime view, I can't wait to return to check out the spectacular sunsets.On May 14 of this year I took my boyfriend and our daughter here for his 34th birthday. And may I say, we had a wonderful experience. The drinks were top notch and the food was something out of this world. Taylor our waitress was Awesome! Every server/waiter/waitress that night was great. We'll definitely keep coming back.Overall, a Great Experience!!! My wife and I celebrating our 5 year Anniversary and had a Fantastic time. Not just the Food was off the hook, but the wait staff was very attentive. And what can I say about the views. Thank you guys for making our night memorable.There are restaurants with views and then there are views with restaurants. This belongs to the latter group. Had I known there was a view involved I would not have booked a table as the food is so often an afterthought and overpriced; this was no exception. The cooking was erratic, ranging from superb to amateurish. Fennel appetizer was sensational. Short ribs were dry and stringy and served tepid. The skate was perfect but the fettuccine lackluster. The light over our table was burned out so we ate in partial darkness which only served to highlight the short comings of the dishes. Loved the bread selection at the start and the shortbread cookies and jellies at the end were great! It's a good place for drinks and bar snacks and it feels special. If you care about the food, go elsewhere.I went there on Restaurant week ,food is terrible,i ordered soup(portion is too small,anyway i went from there hungry )but service is goodWent for a casual happy hour and thoroughly enjoyed my $8 (normally $12) cocktail.
$3.25 for a club soda.  Ouch.
Also loved the seared tuna appetizer with - get this - portabello "fries" - so tasty.
Excellent food, service and one-of-a-kind atmosphere.
Perfect for a date or romantic dinner for two.
Great for a proposal or special occaision.
Expense-account-worthy.
Boy can they throw down!
N.B. - I can't get any cell phone service up here.  Oh well - with that view, who cares.Went there yesterday for the restaurant week lunch. Terrific view of Philadelphia, probably a lot better at night. We had the shrimp cocktail and smoked salmon as the first course, both very good. For the second course, had the farm egg frittata and the fried flounder sandwich, which were good. The third course of lemon meringue tart and toasted banana marshmallow was excellent. If you like marshmallows, the toasted banana marshmallow is a must-have. Flawless service, one of the best I have seen.Drinks are good view is nice. Had the cheese tray and some other apps. I was rudely told to not move seats in the lounge area because it would mess up orders for the kitchen, well we moved our seats to accommodate a large party next to us, to ensure another guests satisfaction, as a previous server I felt that was a very unprofessional comment. Also ordered the burger sliders and when I bit into it the grease slid down my wrist burning me and ruining my brand new top. Have been here a few times prob will not returnThis restaurant is absolutely stunning. My fav dish is the lobster mac. I've heard many people say that they do not like the food but I really enjoy it. The atmosphere is awesome. Beautiful views of the city. There is a seperate lounge area that is fun. Service has always been great. I've also attended a private dining event which was beautiful! My 2nd fav restaurant in the city.We wanted to be impressed, but we just weren't. Seemed stuffy from the start. While checking in the 2 young girls spent an awkward amount of time finding our reservation. No "We're glad you chose to dine with us" or even a simple "Good evening." The food was good, not great-we had the lobster Mac appetizer, 2 entrees (it's extra for any veggie sides) and a glass of wine and a beer-$180. It just didn't seem worth it.Tried R2L for the 1st time last night - Restaurant week gave us a good excuse to finally check it out. Loved everything about the place!
Very friendly staff / Our waitress was wonderful
Food was delicious. I had the caesar salad, short ribs & chocolate financier for dessert.  The short ribs literally melted in my mouth!
My husband & I split the shrimp cocktail which included only 3 but they were very large. These were good , wasn't crazy about the cocktail sauce.
He ordered the house salad with balsamic - equal to or even tastier than the tangy Caesar. For an entree he enjoyed the flounder paella style- which not only included rice but also clams, mussels & calamari. He devoured it in minutes :)
I forget the name is his dessert but there was mellon & a type of sherbet or pudding in the center. 
The meal is served with a seasoned bread & creamy butter. 
They also have a very nice lounge area surrounding the bar for an after or before dinner cocktail. There were people eating some apps there as well. 
Restaurant week menus tend to leave a person hungry & wanting more. Not here. I was actually unable to finish my entree even with help from my husband. Very good sign of their every day standards:)
R2L- Way above the hustle & bustle of the busy Philly streets - you will fill your belly with yummy food & fall in love with the beautiful city skyline. Come at sunset...An amazing dining experience in the sky.  The flat bread with arugula and truffle oil was an awesome app!I'm afraid to go back to R2L for fear I'll: a) freak out the cute foodie server I already seemingly stalked for his food knowledge; b) have another meal so remarkable that it will harsh on everything else I eat for a week.
My husband and I went the Friday before V-Day (that's Valentine's Day, gutter-brains), and we really didn't know what to expect aside from guaranteed truffle oil (we know our Daniel Stern).
After a slightly awkward ascent via the elevator with a couple who looked like they might be going up to the 37th floor to push each other out the window, we arrived at a fairly fab, glam-but-not-overdone space that was obviously fancy but not so fancy that I wished I'd broken out the fur.
We waited at the bar and had a couple "eh" house speciality cocktails (something manhattan-ish... something else wtih gin...not memorable, obvi), followed by a couple glasses of wine.  I remember the eye candy who served my drinks more than what I had.  Gorgeous girls behind the bar and in the cocktail area.  When we were ushered to our table, we finally checked out the menu and saw at least 40 things we wanted to try, so we thought it over while snacking on olive loaf and sourdough bread - both amazing.
For starters, we ordered the warm spinach salad (I think it was served with pate?) with poached egg.  It was to die for -- perfect amount of egginess, great presentation all around.  I ordered the lobster roll (lobster roll with a hint of lavender!!) on house-made brioche, which came with chips and some other cute little lobster-tentacle-esque garnish.  I seriously housed this lobster roll, and hoarded it so that my husband couldn't have any.  Happy Valentine's day, baby.  F-ign unreal.
Main course... My husband ordered the salmon, which was poached in olive oil and probably the single best piece of salmon I've ever eaten.  I was SO JELLY over his order.  I had the flatbread with arugula and truffle oil (see earlier reference in part one of this food novella), and a side of broccoli, which somehow was the best broccoli I've ever eaten.  Someone obviously crushed pretty hard on the broc while they were making it, because it was unreal and just so delicate... Yes, I just reviewed a side of broccoli. For realsies.
Dessert (yeah, we went there) was beignets, and this crazed garbanzo bean cookie topped with poached pears and honey ice cream.  Our server brought out some delicious honey-related (I say related because I don't know if it was infused or how it got there) cognac to pair it with.  I had one of those "food moments" where I was like... You know what?  I'm okay with everything in life right now and I would like to have the Chef's love child in the very near future.
Unbelievable meal, amazing service, sweet atmosphere, and a meal I can recall in complete detail a month later.  Bravo, R2L.We had a great dinner at R2L during Restaurant Week.  Everything was great, but I'm only giving it 4 stars primarily because of the price.  We'd love to go back, but the food is so pricey, we'll probably wait until a (very) special occasion.  
I had been to R2L for drinks during Center City Sips and wanted to try it for dinner as the menu looked very good and I couldn't get enough of the view.  The only reservation I could get was for 5:30pm on a Wednesday night of Restaurant Week (I really appreciate that they're on Open Table).  While we weren't there for sunset, the timing was fine as it turned out to be a cloudy day.  We had a table with a great view to the west.  
The server was so welcoming and accommodating.  Everything we ate was fantastic.  My risotto was awesome and a huuuuge portion, but my husband's entree wasn't as big.  Still hungry, he tried three times to get more of the bread (which was delicious, by the way), asking everyone that passed by our table from our server to beyond, but we never got a second helping which was a little annoying.
One item of note was the noise at the bar.  We were seated immediately adjacent to the bar area, and it was quite loud.  Both Wednesdays we were there, for Center City Sips a few weeks ago and for Restaurant Week recently, the bar was incredibly packed and loud.  R2L seems to be a swanky, popular place to get a drink after work, but maybe the crowd disperses a little bit later in the evening..  
The food really was incredibly good, and I do look forward to going again, hopefully getting a window seat, away from the bar area, on a very special occasion or for the next restaurant week!I really liked R2L. I can't speak as much to the value as I didn't pick up the tab though. But the food was delicious. They add a mix to their food so it isnt just the standard. For apps we enjoyed the lobster, crab cakes, mini burgers, bacon wrapped scallops dumplings, and the flat bread. All were delicious. The bread basket was even good! I was full just from that alone and completely satisfied. But then for the main course I got the lobster paella. Not at all what I was expecting. I lived in spain and was thinking traditional paella. This was more of a seafood medley - no rice. It was delicious as well but just an fyi. Most people at my table got the steak and ribs which was also very good. Everyone enjoyed their meals. 
We had to go for dessert and ended up getting a vanilla cake with ice cream. So yummy. R2L also brough us 2 complimentary pallet cleansers which were interesting. Nice of them, but nothing to write about.
Drinks were good - liked their wine choice. Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable. He definitely pushed only expensive items when asked for recommendations of wine and entrees though which annoyed me.
We came for dinner but walked through the bar to our table. Happy Hour was packed and looked fun. It is a little too dark for my taste but it is a nice place and the deals were awesome. Stella was $3 as were other beers and they had a selection of wines for $5.
And lastly - the ambiance. I liked how it was decorated but it would have been lighter. The way the tables were set gave enough space to not be on top of people and to feel private. And the views of the city were awesome.My expectations were fairly high for this place and ultimately I left somewhat disappointed (and $200 less in my wallet). What you are really paying for is the view here. While we didn't lay down a $200 deposit to guarantee a window seat, we did get one. I think this was because we ate so early on a Sat evening (5:30pm reservations). We were seated on the West side and the sun was setting. Fortunately I had my sunglasses with me although they did offer to pull down the shades for me as well. The views were definitely lovely but it likely would have been better had we gone later in the evening when the lights of the city were coming alive. 
Service was excellent throughout the entire meal. Our waitress took good care of my wife who is gluten free. We asked her what a few of the roads/bridges were that we were looking at, but she sort of guessed at it. You would thinking working there they would be required to know the more major landmarks out there. Oh well.
As for the food, that's what left me disappointed. I started with the Steakhouse Salad. I guess I just assumed there would be some meat in it, but sadly, there was none to be found. There were quite a few olives in there and unfortunately I'm not an olive fan, so ultimately I wasn't able to finish the salad. My wife's roasted shrimp though wasn't bad. For our entrees, she went with the Salmon while I had the Filet and Shortrib Duo. In the end, it was pretty good but it certainly didn't wow me or anything. I've had better meals and other restaurants in the city. At least the evening ended on a more positive note with dessert. My Lemon Tart was delicious and you can tell they have a pastry chef on site. Not many gluten free options for my wife, so she just had sorbet.Came here for my birthday and everything flowed so smoothly. I started off with a bottle of rose and never had an empty glass. My booth was in the corner and had a beautiful view of the city. We started out with the cheesesteak nachos and they were delicious. The chips were airy and made in house earlier that day. For my meal I had short rib with filet. The meat was so tender and cut so smoothly. I paired it with the Brussels sprouts and it was the most delicious thing I've had. They had wild rice in the middle and the right amount of saltiness. My waiter nick made sure our glasses were full the entire time and kept up with clearing the table. The dessert cake out with a happy birthday message. It was an expensive evening, but worth it for the atmosphere and high quality service.I went there with my friend, she just came from Arizona. I wanted to find a place can see the night view in Philly. The place is good, but the waitress was not good. The service is bad. And food was not that good, tasting just like TGfriday.  But we spent almost $200. I will not go there again.Had a great time here. The food was fantastic, and the view was superb. The waitress seemed genuinely happy to be working here and was extremely friendly. No complaints.TL;DR: View/ambience: excellent; Food - Good (not great - honestly, if you're considering this place for the food, just go to Vernick); Service - extremely poor (why you're reading this review)
I'm not the type of person who regularly writes yelp reviews - I like most places where I eat and don't feel the need to write about it. That being said, because our experience at R2L was so anomalous, I felt I had to warn people about the service. 
While the food was good, and the view was wonderful, we had an unfortunate experience. At the beginning of our meal, the waitress was friendly and built a rapport with us. However, there was an unfortunate incident where someone (not our server) on the waitstaff knocked a glass of water on one of us and spilled our bottle of wine on the floor. No wine got on either of us, and we were very understanding - mistakes happen. We get it. Here's where problems arose. 
What great service would have been: Provide a glass of wine promptly to make up for the amount spilled and comp something trivial, like a desert or app. 
What reasonable service would have been: Provide a glass of wine promptly to make up for the amount spilled. 
What actually, unfortunately, happened: The waitstaff gave us a bunch of napkins and apologized a couple of times. One of about three people hurriedly cleaning us up promised us 2 extra glasses to make up for the wine that had soaked into the carpet. Finally, the gentleman who made the mistake was very apologetic. Up until this point - totally fine. 
Then, after a few minutes of everyone, including our formerly-friendly server, avoiding us like they heard there was a sudden outbreak of the Zika virus at our table, our server finally resurfaced to refill water. When one of us asked whether that wine was coming out (after all, someone we hadn't met before promised it then disappeared), rather than reassuring us, this was the response, verbatim: "You didn't finish the bottle yet. We were going to bring it out when you finished the bottle." Excuse me? 
After the flippant response, our waitstaff's avoidant behavior continued. We finished our bottle of wine with dinner, then ordered a dessert (hey, maybe this would give them a chance to be reminded by the wine stain in the carpet that they promised to compensate us for our overpriced loss with a glass?).  Frustrated, we asked for the check. After our waitress ran our card, FINALLY, upon returning our check, she poured our two drinks, without speaking a word to us, as we were about to leave. 
We expected better from a such a supposedly classy establishment. We cannot in good conscience recommend this restaurant to others.My first experience with R2L was over a year ago for a business function; I was not impressed with my dry chicken and the overall crowdedness of the venue. However, after my experience last night I'm singing a different tune. 
My husband and I went with friends last night who selected the restaurant because of its Restaurant Week menu. I'm not sure if it was because of Restaurant Week, the day of the week, or the time we were dining (pretty late) but the restaurant was sparse. I actually liked this as it kept the volume down, allowed me to enjoy the romantic ambiance, and the fantastic view from our table. Everyone at our table enjoyed their meals. Nothing was dry, everything was flavorful and savory. To top off our experience our waiter was knowledgeable about the menu, friendly, and extremely attentive. The only part of the evening I did not like was that because we were dining late, and the restaurant and bar closes around 10PM, I felt rushed to leave when we had finished our meal.
Will definitely come back here again for a special occasion.Lovely although very rich scallops on a bed of sliced artichokes and broccoli. The service at the bar was attentive, but I was not a fan of the bread (no substance) even though it looked great! The scallops were a starter but enough for a light dinner. Would visit again, full menu is available at the bar.If you want an amazing view of the city in a great ambience, this is your place. As a Philly local, I bring all my friends from out of town here...for drinks. The food is good, but nothing special. Not a foodie paradise, but you should definitely come here for a drink to see the views.I have eaten here several times during the four years I have lived in Philly, and have had happy hours or cocktail events here as well, as an employee of a company in the building; and I have had wonderful experiences. This is thanks completely to the *servers, bartenders, and kitchen staff*. On Valentine's Day, however, we had a very different experience. I am confident that the servers and kitchen staff were amazing as always, but we never found out. We made our reservation about a month and a half early, to ensure a window seat. OpenTable asked for a credit card when booking--no problem; we provided it. Upon arrival, we were told that, since we did not place a deposit, there was not a table for us. Yes, they could see our reservation in the system, they said; they can see the date on which we placed the reservation, a month and a half prior. However, they claim to have called us (one time) to get a deposit from us, and since they were unsuccessful, they didn't hold us a table (again, they can see our reservation, they knew we were coming).  **No one had ever called to obtain a deposit from us.**  Further, had they needed a deposit, that should have been worked out between OpenTable and R2L--not our problem. OpenTable asked for a credit card and we provided one. Plus, how incredibly rude is it to require a deposit for a table reservation anyway? As a semi-regular at this place I find that greatly offensive. We weren't speaking with hourly-waged youngsters either; we started with a manager and were escalated to "one of the owners". Neither woman made an attempt to be friendly, let alone apologetic or accommodating in any way.  This lady who was "one of the owners" should definitely keep herself exclusively in the back of the house, away from any sort of paying customer.  I have never, as a customer, been treated so poorly or talked to so terribly. And, no, I can assure you, we were not out of line or yelling or making a scene or rude for our part; we just aren't the type. She was plain awful.  Never so much as a shred of an inkling of a hint of an apology or any effort whatsoever.  So, despite all of the rave verbal reviews I have given everyone I know about this place in the past, I will now make sure that everyone we know, meet, work with, or do business with--several of whom work in that building--does not ever drink or dine at R2L.  And, clearly, we will never step foot into the place again either. After leaving, we had an amazing meal with mind-blowing service at DEVON SEAFOOD. Go there instead!The views are great! The food is good, but not worth the price. Our server was fantastic and the drinks were ok as well. Your paying for the views I would go for happy hour instead of dinner.Great spot for a birthday dinner! Try to get a table near the window. Sunset in August is typically around 8pm and the view is amazing. We ordered the lobster Mac and cheese, the duo beef entrée, and salmon. Delicious! For dessert we got the cheesecake which was very unique and not like anything else I have ever seen before. The chef also sent out delicious chocolates and praline treats! I lived it here and I can't wait to come back. Great service too, Antoine knew the menu very well and was highly professional.First experience had a little wait but placers were professional in their job from the person who received the party of five. They went out of their way to make us feel at home and I appreciated that. The food was cooked to our likening and it was enjoyable even the dessert. I would definitely go back again and recommend it to my friends.
Roger1 star experience, 3 star food. Under performing its (considerable) potential. 
We dined at R2L on a Sunday night. Upon arriving in the downstairs lobby we were met by a young hostess(?)/coat-check-girl who directed us to an elevator which would take us up to the restaurant. Unfortunately, she failed to offer to take our coats/scarves/gloves on a bitterly cold night. She seemed more interested in her iPhone than in assisting us, but she did take our coats when we inquired. Now, up the elevator to the restaurant...
We were promptly greeted by a smiling hostess who informed us that our table would be ready shortly and we could wait at the bar. Standard (albeit frustrating and transparent) revenue-boosting move more commonly associated with upscale chains - made more frustrating by the obvious availability of tables. We had hoped, however, to be seated by the window per our numerous (1 online, 2 phone, 1 in-person) requests. We were not seated by the window. In fact, only 4(?) tables in the whole restaurant were window-side, as half of the restaurant was evidently under renovation. An honest maitre d' would have informed me of this during one of my phone calls explicitly requesting a window table.
We waited an awkwardly long amount of time before our server (very awkwardly) greeted us. When we asked for input on our wine selection (we are pretty serious wine drinkers) our waiter froze, stuttered, and simply informed us that he hadn't tried any of the bottles that had interested us. After an awkward pause, he offered to find someone with more knowledge of the wine list. "The sommelier, Yes please!" - we thought, given the size and quality of the wine book. Enter the bartender. The bartender was extremely hospitable and clearly understood the essence of good service. He unfortunately failed to address our specific questions, but he DID allow us to taste several wines that were offered by the glass to assist in our selection. We ended up with an excellent bottle and THIS FACT AND THIS FACT ALONE garnered the restaurant a star for experience.
Food - huge portions, good menu, good execution. Neither avant-garde nor overly safe, I would recommend the food for an "intro to upscale" type of meal. Nothing really outstanding, but thoroughly enjoyable.
Value - you pay for the view. Unfortunately, we didn't get one. We could have had comparable quality food at ground level with much more competent staff/service for less money.
Overall - this place has HUGE potential and a good chef. Unfortunately, they are under performing that potential by a large margin. They need to invest in training the entire front of the house staff (except the bartender!) in basic service protocol, starting with the downstairs hostess and maitre d' but focusing on the waitstaff. They could also stand to better define and better enforce the dress code, as some patrons could compromise the atmosphere with their attire.Restaurant Week Only:
I'm updating my review in support of a friend who made a reservation for 6 during restaurant week at R2L. She was told that there would be an additional $100 charge. I do not think this is fair and defeats the purpose of the deal. Shame on you R2L management. A mandatory tip % for a large party is standard, but $100 on top of a bill is ridiculous!This was definitely one of the best meals and memorable restaurant I have ever been to. Even though we did not go for a special occasion it really felt like it. The drinks are very well made with top shelf liquors. Wine list was great. We got the lobster mac and cheese which comes deconstructed and delicious, not what you expect of mac and cheese. 
entrees: rib eye and salmon. both outstanding. The salmon comes poached but with a crisp outing which makes it perfect. Steak was cooked to perfection. 
The best part- warm vanilla cake dessert. fan freaking tastic. Absolutely completed the meal. 
Will definitely go back for a special occasion, if you want a window seat call to make reservations well in advance.Great view of the city on a romantic night with the beau . If your intent isn't to wine and dine and instead shimmy in your seat with cheap alcohol , this isn't the place for you . The food is good but not great and a bit pricey . Think Small portions and high price !That pork dish is kinda weird looking . Our server was amazing !Awesome views of the city. Very expensive and the food is good. A bit overpriced. It has a nice lounge with great views also. We had our anniversary here and they surprised us with a nice desert plate. Everyone was very friendly.Food is ok..view is amazing..service is attentive. Go for happy hour.The only thing interesting on the menu was the dry aged steak, but the portion offered was too large for one person and made it a waste to get any sides.  So I did not order it.  The fish and shrimp was all farm raised since there was no indication it was wild caught.  I don't even eat that in my own home, so why would I pay for that at what is supposed to be an upscale restaurant.  So instead I ordered the lobster bisque, tuna tartare and flat bread so I would have some variety.  I assumed the lobster and tuna were wild caught and the flatbread was supposed to have truffle in it. The tuna was good but the bisque and flatbread were so over salted, they were unenjoyable. I felt like my head was going to explode as I was walking out and I don't have high blood pressure. My old fashioned was loaded with syrup and I could not even taste the whisky.  I was kind of surprised, because the chef touts himself as so good, so why can't he put appropriate levels of salt in his dishes?  There were also no chunks of lobster in the bisque. As for the atmosphere, the view is great, but we were seated away from the windows despite that we politely asked 3 times to be moved to a window table and there were open tables available.Came here in the middle of the week just to have a drink at the bar - we ended up staying way longer and for dinner as well. Everything was excellent! Our Server, Roger was so attentive and incredibly sweet. We weren't there to celebrate any birthdays but since I had a recent one, we turned the night into a birthday dinner and Roger made everything feel so special! The hostesses were lovely too - i wish i could recall the one girls name. When we wanted to move tables everyone was eager to help and not at all bothered. It really was a great experience - the food and cocktails were also amazing. Great Tuna Tartar and filet!Wanted a rooftop experience with drinks by the bar, but the bar was so crowded had to sit down for dinner. Dinner is great, but be aware they only sit you down if you and your party are going to order dinner, and more. You are not allowed to have appetizers. 
We ordered the salmon and the steak, both expensive but worth it. The steak was so juicy and just fell apart, a knife wasn't even needed. The salmon was cooked to perfection and the sauce that it was glazed in was just right. Ordered the lemon cheesecake which is served in such a beautiful way, not your ordinary slice of cheesecake. The drinks are strong and are made with quality. 
Dress up and treat yourself!My husband and I went here for our first anniversary. He reserved a window spot, which was really great. Bummed the weather didn't turn out, but nonetheless, definitely worth the view. And the food - fantastic! Unfortunately though, because we were guaranteed the $250 minimum for reserving a window table, we felt our service was sub-par. We, ourselves, were more the guarantee for the waiter - guaranteed gratuity...aka 'pay less attention to the sure thing'.
We have/had no problem spending the $250. After all, that's what we came for and paid for; however, 
we just felt other tables were getting WAY more attention than us. For the occasion, we ordered a bottle of champagne to keep us occupied, but then it was about 9:30 before we even got some bread, 10:15 for our appetizers. Mind you, we sat down at 8:20 for our reservation. We weren't in any hurry but when you see other tables around you being checked on frequently, and basically finishing their desserts before you even start your meal, you start to get irritated. We're not fussy people by any means...just wanted a little more (not extra) attention especially considering the occasion. We'll be back for drinks at the bar, but we'll be going somewhere else for the next special occasion.Got to for happy hour. Three stars bc they changed the flatbread- it's now rolled?
Note to chef...flatbread is supposed to be flat.  Please bring back the original presentation, flatbread is flat! Barring this, I enjoy each visit and I look forward to ordering the flatbread, it's my absolute favorite.Great place to bring a girlfriend, the view is pretty spectacular!William Penn would give R2L five thumbs up
Greeted with sparkling wine and a warm smile, I found solace from the city's cold winter night in the hospitality received at my entrance. The manager greeted me with a smile and escorted myself to the private quarters where I would wait for my fellow companions to join me for an evening gallivant over rich foods, and fine drink.  The view 30 stories up was majestic, and gave one the spirit of a dignified patron who took pleasure in the finer things in life. The staff were as sumptuous as the meal and the flavors of five courses sang a symphony atop my pallet. 
Thanks again for the excellent experience, I cant wait to have my next party here. 
Fellow Yelpers, if you have a need for fine libations, an excellent venue and a five star staff, take my word and seek no further. You may thank me laterLet me state that I unequivocally enjoyed my dinner at R2L.  When a restaurant is located on the 37th floor of a building, you pretty much can expect that it will be a bit pricey.
Although my friend and I didn't get to sit at a window, we were still able to look out at the view from our table.  Service was great, our server knew the menu pretty well.
We started with the grilled truffle flatbread and the rabbit nachos.  Both were excellent, but the rabbit nacho was the winner.  I can still remember the taste: the jalapeno mousse added just the right kick of heat, the homemade nachos were crunchy, and the rabbit was killer!  Although I enjoyed the flatbread as well, I thought it had a bit too much arugula on the top.
For entrees, I chose the ribeye with fries which could sound a bit pedestrian.  Those were the BEST damn fries I've had in a long time. My friend had the venison with the licorice sauce, I'm not a big fan of licorice, but the venison was cooked just right.  As I write this review, I'm salivating from the memories of this meal!!
I would return to R2L for another meal, which must include the rabbit nachos.  Yummy...My husband and I dined there last night. We ordered the lobster Mac and cheese to start. It came out cold. Our waitress took it back and didn't return with a hot replacement for another 20 minutes. Unfortunately, it was not worth the wait - the Mac and cheese was underwhelming. Our entrees were mediocre. My chicken dish was a confusing blend of flavors that did not seem to work very well together. My husband ordered the butcher's filet, which was very tender but lacked any real flavor. Our waitress and manager who came to apologize for the cold appetizer were very nice and attentive. I was a bit disappointed that the Mac and cheese was not removed from our final bill. We will not be returning to R2L for another meal. Not because it was a horrible experience but because the food is just not worth the expense. The view is amazing so I would recommend going there for pre-dinner drinks only. My husband said that his Manhattan cocktail was the best he's ever had!Ok so this plave was great there service was awesome are waiters was very nice and on top of us to make sure we were satisfied also they send a couple things for us to try on the house. There food was not bad but also not the best for the prices but it was eatable I had the 20 of steak I'm not a seafood person so I'm not sure if there seafood is any good. And we also had window seat so the view was wonderful. So yes I would give this place a 5 star if the food was a bit better but really everything was goodWe only went for drinks and some fries, so this is not a review of the food - just atmosphere and drinks!
It's a delightful location far above the city and a great place to head for a drink at sunset. It's a very classy place yet a lot of people seemed to be dressed casually. 
The bartender was great - pretty much left us alone but was always there when we needed something. Will definitely return and maybe try the food next!Upscale restaurant with a wonderful view! Make reservations ahead of time and request a window seat. If you're not too hungry, they have a beautiful bar area for happy hour to view the sunset. Wonderful service and delicious food. Definitely try the lobster mac and cheese!This review is based only on R2L's happy hour. Located at the 37th floor of two liberty place, it's a beautiful place to stop by after work for some drinks and snacks. Happy hour is from 430-630, M-F in the lounge and bar area. 
My friend and I arrived around 600 on a Wednesday and the place was pretty empty. We sat down at the lounge and had 2 of their cocktails- Elevation and Sunset Punch. If you're looking for a sweet drink, go for the Sunset punch. I tried had the braised short rib and Skate Sliders. The Braised short ribs were very soft and the skate was moist and fried well. My friend had the Truffle flatbread and enjoyed it paired with the parmesan and arugula.
Overall, a great place to go for happy hour and to see the sunset!I am visiting Philadelphia with 13 friends to attend the Annual Philadelphia Flower Show. Our trip was perfect until tonight. Our reservation was for 6:15. We were seated immediately and marveled at the gorgeous sunset views. Sadly by the time we left FOUR hours later the view was a distant memory replaced with slow service and sub par food.  Restaurants make their money by their liquor sales, right? Well if that's the case they lost money on us. Several times I looked up at the dinner table and there was not a single drop of wine in one wineglass. In four hours I had two glasses of wine. I probably would not have noticed the slow service if my wineglass had been full or at the very least our waiter had asked me if I would like another glass. Go for a cocktail, watch the beautiful sunset, and then go to a restaurant that will feed you and offer you a glass of wine.Perfect place to watch the sunset over Philly. R2L is on the 37th floor with 2 sides of glass windows. There view is on West Philly where you can see the Schuylkill River, Penn/Drexel and University City and beyond. On the south side, you can see the Delaware River and beyond.
We only had drinks there so not much to comment on the quality. The beer was cold and was 5 bucks.
Service: the service was great. The server was very polite, had a smile on her face all the time and always catered to photo requests by the patrons. Well done management and staff.Fantastic views, fantastic food, great service! Went here for brunch and it was truly decadent. Also, it was not very crowded, which was surprising, because the food was so reasonably priced (well, center city prices anyway). I'll definitely be back!Dessert is underwhelming, the chocolate cake didn't even come with ice cream. The filet and risotto apps were good would recommend those.This is going to be long, sorry...
Beautiful views if you have a window seat, other than that you are either facing the restaurant or too low to see the views. We made a reservation a week before so understandably they couldn't seat us at the window but it was a Wednesday night and there were raised/better view booths open the entire time we were there. IMO, seat your reservations at the best possible tables esp for birthdays/anniversaries.
We arrived at 7:27 for a 7:30 reservation. The hostess asked us to sit at the bar while they were getting our table ready. We sat at the bar no problem, great views, cool ice block, views of the sous chefs, lots of things to look at and talk about. Bartenders were attentive and friendly. We each ordered a basic drink. About 7:40 the hostess came over and said our table was ready. I asked should we close out our tab or can we just transfer it? I asked knowing she was probably going to say they will transfer it but I used to be a bartender and did not want to stiff this guy on a tip. She said "leave your drinks here and your waitress will bring them over." We thought, oh how fancy. Thinking they didn't want us walking around with drinks in our hands. Meanwhile we walked by 3-4 people with ripped jeans, white sneakers, some interesting attire.. My husband said "I guess they don't enforce the dress code"
We were seated and waited, and waited, now our drinks are about 15 feet behind us and we have not been greeted by the waitress. Some time goes by and I turned to the look at the bar and saw the bartender going to grab our drinks and then with a confused face looking around the restaurant. So my husband jumped up and grabbed our drinks from the bar before he dumped them out. It was just an odd encounter that really nobody is at fault but we would have happily brought our drinks with us. A few minutes later our waitress comes by and asked us if we want bottled, sparking, or ice water. We opted for the ice water.
We decided to go without appetizers since we ALWAYS fill up on appetizers too quickly. My husband ordered the 20oz Ribeye w/ potatoes and I ordered the Crisp Pork Osso Bucco. We also ordered mac n cheese to share. Both entrees were very good! The mac n cheese was pretty good, not as good as those potatoes, yum!
Here's where we get to 3 stars, the overall service. The waitress came over pretty quickly after the food was dropped off, I think I had taken one bite and asked how everything was, "good" we said. We didn't see her again for a lonnggg time. Well we saw her running by us about 25 times, but she never filled our water or asked if we wanted another cocktail, or if we needed anything at all. Now I am all about not being bothered but just come by and check our water glasses. My husband's glass was bone dry for about 20 minutes and I let him have the rest of mine. I am not one to wave a waitress down... She seemed really busy. We have been to a lot of restaurants (Butcher and Singer, Barclay Prime, Waterworks, Sotto Varalli to name a few) and all those places have a person that goes around and fills water glasses, and clears the table of extra stuff (unused wine glasses, take bread plates, etc). This person didn't exist or they just never came around.
I was just surprised that a few details were overlooked. Am I being picky? Yes, bc I am writing a Yelp review. Am I losing sleep over this place and wishing we didn't spend $165? No. I just want people to know that if you are expecting over the top service you will not get it here. You will get a cool atmosphere and good food. So for me that is worthy of 3 stars. :) 
TL;DR - Must reserve a window booth or you are missing out, expect decent service but not exceptional, food is good but nothing that I can see us craving to have again like my husband and his Delmonico at Butcher and Singer that I never stop hearing about....hahaI love R2L, I've been there for dinner probably 4 times and absolutely loved it.  And, as everyone says, the view can't be beat.   I was there for this past New Years Eve, probably the most romantic place to be!  At midnight not only do you have a fantastic view of the fireworks on the river you also can see the fireworks going off in all the neighborhoods around the city, it was breathtaking.  As far as the food, seriously, I've never had anything I didn't like.  So far I've tried the Truffle Flatbread, a favorite I've loved since Rea. Lobster Mac, the best I've had.  A Seafood Risotto special, yum! Remembering it is making my mouth water.  Also, love the Truffle Risotto and Roasted Beets and Chestnuts. At the New Years Eve Party I couldn't stay away from the Chicken Cheese Steak with Kale and Broccoli Rabe, so decadent but I felt like I was getting my healthy greens too.   To top it all off, the Warm Vanilla Cake dessert is out of this world, a very rich and luscious adult version of a vanilla wafer.  R2L is not for those on a budget or wanting casual dining but It is the perfect restaurant for a special occasion.Awesome upscale restaurants definitely a good place to try if you are downtown. The drinks are on point and the view is amazing.As soon as you walk into this place your greeted by some of the nicest staff! The service here is perfect from the people who greet you when you walk in, to your waiter, the manager, and even the person that delivered our food gave great service! The ambiance is great you over look the city while eating! And the food is AMAZING the salmon is perfect and the warm vanilla cake for dessert is ssooo yummy! I am definitely going back soon!I went here for a birthday dinner, when I called they stated they would put me in for a window table.  No I realize this is what they do "put" you in, your are not guaranteed the table.
The ambiance is very nice, but you don't have to be dressed up as the site says, people were in shorts, tee shirts...ugh....
To top it of I was put next to a table of 6 who were loud, we were moved after I complained.
When you Google 5 star restaurants in Philadelphia, this comes up, I should have gone to Devon...will not go back was not impressed!I had high hopes for this place... been hearing about the view for as long as they have been open... too bad the food was whack.  i had the pork loin with beans and it was bland and the beans where not fully cooked.  highly disapointed as i had hoped that this place would have great food and a great view.  im being generous by giving them two stars. (one for the view and one for the effort) 
**also we made our reservations a month in advance so that we could get window seating in the main room... we ended up sitting in an area in the back of the resaurant which was like sitting in a hotel cafeteria.Went here during Valentine's day weekend. 
The environment was really impressive. The views were gorgeous. The sun was setting as our meal progressed, which elevated the ambiance for me in a strong way. The decor was modern and the place looked impeccably clean and polished.
For appetizer, I got the Lobster and Shrimp. The shrimp was cooked exceptionally well and the cocktail sauce that accompanied the two shrimps was the best I've ever had. The lobster, served cold, was paired with some greens and avocado and was really refreshing and tasty.
For the main course, I ordered the Butcher's filet of beef, medium. When it arrived it was overcooked, one piece was well done. My server brought me another one, cooked "medium rare" this time (since I asked for another cooked slightly less). This time one of the pieces was rare, which was fine since I gave it to my girlfriend. I understand the cuts of meat were hard to cook evenly due to the shape, but I expected more consistency.
For dessert, I had the warm vanilla cake. It was filled with caramel and was simply decadent. My girlfriend got the Peruvian chocolate mousse, and said she wished she had gotten the vanilla cake.
We ordered a bottle Arbios , a cab sauv, it had an easier finish than a traditional cab and was slightly more mellow. I really enjoyed it.A great view and classy urban buzz have helped make R2L into a popular "in" destination. For our party of four -- two newcomers (us) and a pair of regulars -- we negotiated a window seat on the "short" side aimed away from nearby intruding skyscrapers. All loved the feast for the eyes.
Service, from a cast of several helpful folks, was outstanding -- almost to the point of swarming -- and we had no trouble parking in the building's indoor garage ($10 if you get your ticket validated when you leave R2L, $16 otherwise). Whether this is the norm, or whether it helped to arrive early (5:30) and be with a couple of regulars, who knows. But we were treated very, very well.
Food is pretty decent for an eatery atop the city. The market salad app, "prepared simply" venison loin, and apple pie dessert were all quite good if unremarkable offerings. The lobster macaroni and cheese app was almost as agreeable. On the other hand, raw oysters with caviar were disappointing, and the "composed plate" pork ribeye sounded great on paper but in reality was marginal to the point I had a hard time finishing it. (It was ordered medium rare, but medium might have worked better.)
For two, with tip, tax, coffee, bottled water and three glasses of basic wine, the tab came to $275. To put this into perspective, we get better fare at our local Villa Nuova eatery in the burbs for 20% of this, albeit with average service and without the twinkling lights of Philadelphia.
So R2L is entertainment, not a foodie experience. If you wish to relax with a splendid view of our fair city, by all means go to savor the view and service. Just choose your dishes judiciously.
Seating Tip: Window seats are assigned based on when you made your reservation. If this is important to you, and it should be, reserve as early as possible and specify a window seat.While traveling on business to Philly we visited R2L. The view was spectacular but the decor was bizzare. Who cares though, when you have a steak like the 28-Day Dry Aged 20 oz. Bone-In Ribeye with steak fries, maitake mushroom, black garlic + bearnaise sauce. We ordered the lobster mac side. This dish was lovely and well worth the price tag. Tasty! WOuld highly recommend.Had a business dinner here with a vendor. Beautiful restaurant with equally beautiful views. Our server was amazing, attentive, prompt, and helpful. The food is not better than the view, but the ambiance makes you think it is. My meal was a tenderloin veal pasta and my companion had the pork chops. She loved it and mine was decent. The best thing we had was the little after dinner pastries they give because 1) they are super cute and 2) they are just the right bite size.Finally got around to eating here. Had been a huge fan of Daniel Stern at his Queen Village place (now closed) but had heard mixed things about R2L. Pleased to say I found it to be truly excellent. Shared an array of appetizers - all excellent: lobster Mac and cheese, steak tartare, mussels, truffle flatbread. My entree was the short rib, which was delicious. Plus, of course the unmatched view and a fine wine list. Will definitely be back!I went here for drinks with a friend on a weekend night. The bar area was way too small for the amount of people. Because of the amazing view from the room and the classy atmosphere, I can see this as being a very popular place for drinks. However, like I said they need more room. 
The drinks themselves were pretty good, but the service was not. We were able to snatch a high table near the bar, but had a lot of trouble getting a waiter to take our order. 
This place has so much potential, and the view is amazing, but they need to expand.View is amazing, but service... Bartender is a D!CK! After racking up a bill well over $300 in drinks with friends and giving a generous tip, we requested a couple of glasses of water. This was around 1:54am before closing. Bartender refused to give us any! He then said he did not have any water left for us. We thought he was joking, but was quite serious. We requested again and once again he denied us the request. Francis (a genuinely courteous black gentleman; also bartender) over heard this comment and immediately stepped in and gave us all glasses of water. The tall white guy with crew cut, complete d!ck. He also refused to give us shots when we arrived (around midnight) because they "are not that kind of establishment." We were celebrating my friends MBA graduation from Wharton for crying out loud. A celebration shot is normal. Great venue, but that 1 bartender left a sour experience for all of us. So much so, that we all woke up talking about the bad experience today.Views are cool but inside the establishment is dated and unnecessarily stuffy with staff wearing suits and ties, etc. Menu is limited and overpriced for what you get. Taste of food was ok, drinks great. You're paying for the views I suppose.I recently made reservations for a night out with a friend. I haven't stopped raving since! As R2L is on the 37th floor, our table gave us the absolute most breathtaking view of the city. The drinks were awesome, the food was phenomenal and the service was beyond outstanding. 
The atmosphere was chic, and the attentiveness of the staff was seriously refreshing. A girls night out dinner like that left me feeling completely satisfied and so, so full. I'd recommend it to just about anyone.The location of the place was a little hard to find since we were dining for the first time. Arriving there, the staff was friendly and inviting. We made a note on the reservation that there was a birthday and we were seated in a window booth with an outstanding view of the city and sunset. Our server was very informing, courteous, and made our first experience delightful. It is a higher end restaurant so be prepared to spend some cash, but it is perfect for special occasion.R2L is a beautiful restaurant/bar with breathtaking views and a nice bar and good service. The food was mixed, in my opinion. I stuck to several vegetarian options on the menu (as opposed to "special vegetarian options" that are not advertised on the menu). The bread is delicious but I found the dishes to be far too salty and one of the dishes to have an absolutely excessive amount of cheese, in addition to being salty. It did not taste bad, but it is just not humanly possible to eat that much cheese without becoming ill. What could have been a tasty, relatively hearty meal turned into something sloppy.Asked someone on a street if they knew of a rooftop bar and they sent us here. We loved it! Got a seat at the bar right away and ordered drinks immediately. We ended up ordering dessert and WOW! The warm vanilla cake was to die for. An absolute must.You pay for the views but have to pay extra to sit near a window. Service was terrible. Took us an hour and a half to get our food. Waiter was awkward and inattentive. Food was mediocre and over priced.I've only had the pleasure of having dinner here once, but I must say it was one of the best meals I've ever had.
This place is definitely fancy/upscale, so please don't show up in jeans and a t-shirt. While the atmosphere is classy, the food prices are not unreasonable, and they change the menu from time to time so you get to have some variety if you go multiple times. 
Our meal was fantastic, though I cannot remember the names of everything that well now. In particular, for my dinner I got the chicken which came with a side of brussel sprouts, rice, and some potatoes. Every item on that dish was cooked perfectly, and I'm not ashamed to admit I finished every single thing!
What sets R2L apart from most other upscale restaurants though (at least in Philly) is the amazing views you get to appreciate while dining. R2L is on like the 40th floor of one of the Liberty Place Towers, and at night you get to dine while taking in Center City! I definitely recommend coming here for special occasions or if you really want to impress a date!The only real draw of this place is the views. Located on the 37th floor of Liberty 2, you have basically a 180d view of Philadelphia, which is pretty sweet! I would recommend going at sunset. 
However, the service and honestly everything else was sub-par. Even the decorations made it seem like the whole place was trying to be a lot fancier than it was. The food and drinks were just meh and the happy hour deals weren't that discounted. The staff, like the ambiance and decor, seemed to be trying too hard to be fancy and upscale. 
I wasn't that impressed and probably wouldn't go back.Our dinner experience last night was mediocre at best.  The menu options including the wine menu were very limited for what seemingly should have been a great fine dining experience.  I ordered the 28 day aged ribeye.   It was extraordinarily salty....so much so that I had to stop eating it.  The waiters description of the potatoes accompanying the ribeye sounded very good.....layered potatoes and short ribs.  When it arrived it was a thinly sliced baked potato with a whole short rib on the plate next to the short rib.   Presentation of the dish was lackluster.   My bone in rib eye was cut from the bone and stacked in two pieces end on end. My wife ordered off the restaurant week menu....reasonably priced for 3 courses.  However her 3 courses were all disappointing.  The soup seemed dull and thrown together.  The main cod fish entree was ok.  The desert - a vanilla cake - was so hard and tasteless it could have been used as a hockey puck.  Overall this was a $400 waste of money.   My advice - go for a drink at the overpriced bar - enjoy the view and go eat dinner somewhere else.Horrible service. We made a reservation on Yelp and called to confirm our reservation. Upon arrival, we were informed that our table have been given away. The explanation was that they had only 15 minutes per table before they rotated. We asked why they hadn't told us when we called to say we were running late. They flatly replied that it was the policy. We eye 15 minutes late. Birthday ruined!Just finished eating@R2L for restaurant week.  This was one of the best restaurant week dining experiences I have had.  Three of my girl friends and I wanted a girls night out to celebrate life and enjoy catchup up with a good meal.  We had a reservation@6pm.  I requested a window seat, but knew it would be difficult without a three month reservation.  To our pleasant surprise my request was honored and we were seated at an awesome location over looking Philly as she sparkled like a city of gold. Service was spot on.  Our server (Jonathan) was very approachable and gave us recommendations for the drink menu as well as the dinner menu. He was patient and didn't rush us to make decisions even though it was a busy night for restaurant week.   I got the Old Cuban which was described as  a "mojito in a tuxedo". Def not the best cocktail I had.  I will def try something else next time I go.
Now to the menu. Everything we had tasted delicious.  For appetizers, my two friends had the mushroom barley soup. It was delicious, but a little tart from the red wine.  I had the smoked salmon appetizers and my other friend had the salad.  The presentation of the salmon was right on! I asked if the salmon was smoked in house and the waiter said yes, which sold me. The salad look amazing as well and my friend described the steak as good chewy bacon, but the Salmon was the winner.
For the entrees, we all had the filet and short rib duo.  The meat melted as it hit the fork.  No knife needed. The sauce that came with it was a perfect marriage with the baked and crispy potatoes.  Def way too much food as none of us could finish our plates.
Last came the dessert.  My two friends has the French toast with pear dessert.  It was decent, but nothing really exciting about it.  I had the coconut parfait.  There was tapioca topped with pineapple, a meringue, a short bread cookie, a french macaroon type cookie, and some kind of coconut sugar cookie.  It was delicious and very refreshing. My other friend had the milk chocolate hazelnut crunch bar.  That was such a delicious desert that was rich and light all at the same time.  We all sampled this dessert and wished we ordered it instead. The whole piece may have been too much for me, so I am happy with the coconut parfait, but a few bits of this dessert  was enough for us all to want to back and sample the regular menu in the future. 
Last came the lattes, which were very well done. 
Def a night to remember with a wonderful wait staff, an awesome view, great company, and a delicious meal.  Can't wait to go back again!!