This might be my favorite coffee shop in the city. The food is unbelievable. Anything I have ordered has been fresh, delicious and so enjoyable. The place has a cool edgy vibe and lots of comfy seating and some great seats outside when the weather is nice. Definitely worth checking out especially if you want a some food as well.New to the area and was looking for a good brunch/breakfast place that has a lot of gluten free options.  GF bread is available for all the sandwiches and they made sure to note that they put GF bread on my Lil Goat egg sandwich (which was amazing!) when they delivered the food. Portion was very large too.Red Hook is my jam!  This place focuses on their drinks and their extensive food options. I appreciate this a lot. They aren't pretentious, at all, and have a chill funky homey vibe about then. The people there are pretty friendly and welcoming. I had solid drinks from Red Hook. But if you are looking for a coffee shop that can serve good drinks and good food, then Red Hook blows away the competition.  I've been to cafes that serve good drinks, but not good food. This place serves both!Had a maple, cayenne latte- spicy and delicious. Went back another time for lunch and had a chicken, mozz and peach jam with basil sandwhich- YUM. I'm sold. Will definitely go back again :)I love this place!! They have really creative and affordable vegan/ vegetarian options, including vegan pastries. And their coffee so amazing.Great neighborhood coffee shop.  Decent prices, good food, nice environments inside and out.  I like the huevos banditos.  Nice people who work thereThis place has great coffee, beautiful mugs, great atmosphere, delightful staff, and (most surprisingly for a coffee shop) amazing food! Seriously, come here for lunch. Or better yet, for a tasty brunch with no lines to wait in. Their eggs seem most popular, but my favorite is their Red Hook sandwich. Each sandwich comes with a small bowl of salad which is like a painting of flavor. 
I come here a lot to work. (It's near my home). The only reason I don't come here every time I need to work is I don't want to get tired of it! It's cozy but never seems crowded. 
Also, they put on fun events after hours once a month to serve food and drinks and showcase local artists. 
 A true community oriented business. There's definitely close-knit regulars, but always room for new faces.Love the ambience here as well as the menu. I've been stopping by for iced coffees or the mango avocado smoothie (awesome with soy milk) and a bagel with tofutti, and love all of these. Today I tried their vegan chicken salad with the potato salad on the side and it was INCREDIBLE. Loved the flavor and the texture of each, will definitely be adding this to the list of regular items.I go here to grab a bagel with cream cheese on the way to work occasionally. You walk in, there's some pretty solid art everywhere you look, and when I finally get my toasted bagel it's like, woah, they put a hell of a lot of cream cheese on this bagel (which is to my preference because I need to eat more). It's also reasonably priced. Very hip.Awesome place - too bad some awful woman complained about the dogs - our little dog loved visiting!Amazing Coffee/Food, always cute local dogs hanging out, support local artists, great queens village jem!First a little disclaimer, this review is for the drinks only, I've never eaten here, also the reason for the four stars.  I walk dogs in Red Hook's neighborhood so I often find myself nearing the end of the day in need of a pick me up or warm up within blocks of this gem.  
The decor is amazing and welcoming.  Really cute and comfortable furniture lines one wall while a bar with chairs lines the windowed wall.  The employees are NICE, something oddly lacking in a lot of Philly coffee shops.  They are also talented baristas and my drinks are consistent and damn tasty.  My favorite drink is their seasonal Ancho Chile Hot Chocolate- my god! It's pricey but you can taste why.  The drink is pure bliss, chocolatey and sweet, milky and smooth but with a spice and little bits of ancho chile to chew on between sips.  
I've also had plain coffee, of which you have a choice of roasts, and a few other fancy coffees.  Someday I'l try one of their paninis or vegan sweets and see if they are worthy of a fifth star.  
One time I stupidly spilled a large portion of my drink while trying to add cream and sugar  with the same hand I was using to hold a dog leash(did I mention you can take your doggie here).  The dog pulled and coffee went everywhere.  Fail.  The baristas were so nice, they didn't get mad at me, helped me clean up and refilled my coffee.  Yet another reason why I go here more than any of my local coffee places and tip every time.Delicious. Good vibe. A bit expensive. A bit too small. But I just had a really good breakfast so I'm happy.Love this place!  Been coming here for years and it has only gotten better over the years.  They have delicious gluten free bread for their fresh sandwiches and quite often their soup of the day is gluten free.  The coffee is delicious, so are the shakes.  The decor is warm and local art is always hanging on the walls.  Staff is friendly and helpful and dogs are welcome, so that's always a plus!We loved the cozy, welcoming atmosphere of this place. Brick wall filled with artwork, tables, couch, and a bar wrapped around the window with a bunch of art magazines lying around. The coffee was great as well. I can't believe I didn't realize this place was here. We'll be coming back often whenever we're in town.
I must say, they really do often have some of the most interesting artwork I've seen at coffee shops. Each time we've gone, it's been a new artist. We just purchased a few pieces from the current artist on display. I believe her name is Stevie something?They have the very BEST curry chicken salad wrap EVER!  I get it on a fairly regular basis and it is alway good.  Today it was incredible!  Thank you!  I also like their soy latte a lot too!So I must first admit: I don't drink coffee.  Never had a drop in my life.  Finding a coffee shop that caters as much to the non-coffee drinkers can be a challenge.  I was expecting to go elsewhere on this hot Sunday afternoon, but it was closed for the holiday weekend.  Yelp helped me find Red Hook.  Like another reviewer, I noticed that the staff was sitting chatting with friends when I walked in, but she stood right up to assist me.  She offered her recommendation for an Earl Grey with Caramel Latte.  It was a great choice.  Good flavor... and something I never would've considered on my own.
My one (maybe two) issues with Red Hook is that the place feels a bit like visiting a college kid's shared house.  The mismatched furniture is cute, but worn and dirty.  There was dust and dirt everywhere.  And, probably due to the heat outside and frequent door openings, lots of bugs.  They also didn't have air conditioning.  My fault for ordering a hot drink, but still... a coffee shop should feel cozy: warm in the winter and cool in the summer.
I may come back for additional drinks, but probably not for sitting for any length of time.Wow so glad we stopped on our way through philly... not toddler friendly by any means but we got the food to go and it was Incredible... the coffee was some of the best i have hadThis is my favorite breakfast place in nice weather!! They'll make you anything you want ...food is fresh and healthy!  As a bonus, I often run into some of my favorite people here.  So happy it's just a few blocks from my house!Was in the neighborhood and needed a space to grab a quick breakfast and to get some work/reading done. Red Hook was a great space for both. The small space was quiet with one 1-2 other tables of customers but tons of foot traffic of folks stopping in to grab a coffee. I was indecisive and asked for a recommendation on a breakfast sandwich. Ordered the Preacher Man which was a good blend of sweet and savory. Bonus points for the tempeh bacon and veggie sausage options. I think all sandwiches come with a side of potato salad which was also tasty. Would definitely stop back if I'm this neck of the woods again.Two words: Coco Chanel.  Hot Chocolate with a hefty dollop of Nutella in there.  Topped with FRESH whipped cream and chocolate sauce.  OMG.  This was the perfect, non-caffeine beverage for a chilly morning.  
Being literally right around the corner from my aunts place in the city we walked here to grab a cup in the morning before jetting off to over activities.  This is a beverage that dreams are made of.  I literally dream about it off and on since having it.  While I'd attempt to make this at home, the next time I am in Philadelphia you can be your last dollar that, cold or not, I'll be here grabbing a cup.This place smelled like a gym and was incredibly dirty.  Layers of fuzz on the counter where you fix up your coffee.  The floors looked like they had not been washed in a year.  I wanted to bolt the second I walked in the door.  But, my husband wanted some iced tea so we waited in line for a while and I got to observe the surroundings, which only reconfirmed why I will never be back.
The pluses are the people who work there were incredibly friendly and they have extensive vegan and gluten free options if you lean that way.Love the service, ambience, food (inexpensive and delicious and creative), and they offer almond milk with your coffee. Plus the bathroom is awesome.Red Hook's coffee shop sandwiches and breakfasts have all been 5 star delicious, everything I've had that they make is outstanding.
The pastries are not made in house and I give 3 stars at most. 
Staff training manual seems to require an aloof and laissez Faire approach, but don't let that stop you or you'll miss out on their awesome food. I just tip on my way out rather than when I order!This place is awesome! It's cool, without being annoyingly hipster-ish. The drink prices are awesome- much cheaper than Starbucks or places of the like. The food is delicious! They have vegan stuff, vegetarian stuff, and meat-eater stuff. All very well-priced and very delicious! The music is very eclectic, the staff is very friendly. The decor is interesting. It's a small place, which is just fine by me. Very good. I definitely recommend this place!!!Coffee is ok , nothing special. Small venue but very comfy and cute! I love the decor and the music.
I didn't get food her but plan to next time. They have a great selection of soups and sandwiches. The best part is that they have GF baked items and Vegan options avail!I really like Red Hook. Whenever I'm in the area to get fabric, I always stop by. The inside is really cute, and has a bay window that would be perfect for reading in, if someone wasn't always sitting there first. The coffee is really good, and they always ask whether you'd like medium or dark roast. I've never had any of their baked stuff, but it looks really good. They could definitely benefit from more seating - there are only a few chairs and a couch. Prices are good, and staff is always friendly.Since I've moved out of Philly, there are few things I miss as much as Red Hook's breakfast sandwiches. So. Damn. Good.I love the Red Hook.  I come by often when I am in the area.  It's a great place to relax in a comfy armchair or do work on a laptop.  They have a cool decor and really friendly, youngish staff.  It's kind of expensive, but the coffee is fair trade and delicious.  Plus, you can't beat the location on 4th and Catherine.great service and free almond milk to add to tea. yummy matte and good selection of tasty vegan treats!!! a+ awesome. my partner and i recently went to this place and the atmosphere is inviting and friendly. besides...its right near Vinyl Altar 
i recommend getting the large matte with a splash of almond milk with 3 Splenda. splurge away here, one of the best cafes ive been toi love their sandwiches and food selection in general.  a comfortable place to read or hang out.  the ladies behind the counter can be a bit sassy, and i don't generally ask for a side of sass. prices are typical. who doesn't want to walk down fabric row?here is the story,the best coffee house,wait a second gang the best place to eat breakfast and lunch,end of story the best tea selections too,all food is unreal they will make what you want,on or off of there menu,there eggs are great i could go on and on,the owners are great too.I moved to QV 3 years ago.  I visit Red Hook at least once a week.  I have found the staff to be welcoming and lovely.  Lattes are the best; food is delicious.  I am a baby boomer/grandma  (albeit with a nose pierce from Infinite circa 2009); I find no prejudice that I am not a cool 'hipster'...although I am cool!   Have brought my visiting out-of-town family members here...everyone loved it.  This is my go to coffee shop.  So very happy it is in my neighborhood!!The BLT&A was fantastic. Great atmosphere and huge portions.  Love the breakfast all day.Yummy!  Worth the wait!  They will cater to your special needs as long as you ask...make sure you ask questions! (ex: potato salad has a kick!)Great spot. Upset I didn't find it sooner. Just stopped in for a quick cappuccino, but'll sure be back for sandwiches.I just went here today and bumped into it by accident. I am vegan and can't say there are too many options for me everywhere. There was a wide selection of food for me to select from. Everything is priced so cheap and the food was amazing. The vegan BLT was awesome but the potato salad that came with it was the best potato salad I have ever had! Definitely will be coming back soon.I go to red hook primarily for the "4th on 4th" openings, but I have been there a few times just for coffee/sammies, and it's been delicious every time.Food is always great. They are very generous with their bacon so that basically makes them perfect. I usually get the California wrap and have never been disappointed. Price is just about right and the I love the look of the place.This is my first trip and I'm already a regular.  Cozy and charming, this place has a great vibe as well as an eclectic soundtrack everyone can appreciate.  Food is delish and well priced.  Its a fresh take on regular coffee shop eats. Excited to try their sandwiches!  Coffee was a little light on flavor for me, but then again I like my coffee very strong.  Its my new spot for sure!Red Hook is everything a coffee shop should be: quaint, corner shop with good, affordable coffee, and good food.
Try the Red Hook Panini!  It's tasty as is the homemade pesto pasta salad that comes with it.
I'd consider moving to Queens Village just to be closer to this perfect coffee shop.What a great find!
Recently, I was taking on a walk on a beautiful day and figured that I would stop in and give it a try, boy am I glad that I did!  The decorating automatically struck me as very unique and at the same time very comfortable    The menu is not too complicated, but has a lot of great choices.  I personally went with the hummus and vegetable sandwich, which was fresh, delicious, and perhaps best of all, under 5 dollars,  It was so full of fresh veggies, I almost had problems taking bites.  I also had an iced coffee, which was the perfect compliment to the 90 degree heat outside. 
This seems like a perfect place to sit and spend an hour or two on a lazy weekend day.  I will definitely be coming back soon!My boyfriend got the scrambles eggs with bacon on a blueberry bagel. But I'm almost positive it was sausage instead of bacon. Actually tasted like chopped hotdog. He wasn't a fan, neither was I. However, I got the tempeh bacon wrap (I forgot what it was called exactly) it was good. We also split The Elvis which was the PB bacon and banana sandwich. Sounded crazy amazing but it was anything special. We only took two bits. I would definitely add Jelly to it for a sweet component. It was just toooo much PB with bacon banana gooeyness. A nice little cafe however, nice staff. Great coffees and smoothies as well.Red Hook is great! The staff is always extremely friendly and speedy! It's a great spot to hang out for a few hours. The tea and coffee is great and the sandwiches are always delicious!I don't know maybe it's the area but visiting from New York it was alright. I ordered a yerba mate which technically is supposed  to be brew under boiling temperature. It took fifteen minutes to drink to cool temperature. My wife ordered a dirty chai latte it was really foamy.
    The decor and ambiance in the area is cool and didn't try the food so that's  probably where the five stars are from. I do appreciate a barista that knows their craft but I can't say it's this place from my visitI started coming to this place recently to get a change of scenery from the usual coffee shops I frequent. The space is very comfortable and though it is small, I've never had a problem finding a seat. I think the food is what really sets this place apart from the other coffee shops in the area. They have a very large selection of sandwiches and so far the ones I've tried have been really tasty. Today I had the philly wrap which is chicken, avocado, roasted red peppers and tomato along with homemade potato salad. It may seem simple, but it was just done really well and everything was fresh. Price might be a buck or so above average, but totally worth it for quality food. Oh and the complimentary free refill on coffee is almost unheard of in this town, so major points for that.THE BEST BREAKFAST SANDWICH YOU WILL EVER TASTE!!
I love Red Hook... everything about it.  But seriously, once in your life you need to try the bacon egg and cheese. It will change your life.:(  Not sure what happened here. LOVED Redhook from the day it opened until I left for boston about a year ago. They always had great music, eclectic art, yum hot drinks (esp their spicy ginger chai!), fresh vegan, veggie and meat eater food options...and usually friendly solid service.  The pets add a nice warm component to the whole vibe as well.  I would see neighbors stopping in for a cup of coffee on their morning walks.  Nice.  Really nice.  
When I was in school I came here around 3+ times a wk and would eat half a dozen meals in their sunny window seat.  I wrote a book in this place...  
BUT SOMETHING WENT WRONG!  I came back from boston (not exactly the warmest of cities) and now the staff's too cool for school.  I'm used to the hipster attitude but really...no "hello", no eye contact, not one smile or acknowledgment that I'm talking to you and trying to order a 4$ chai latte?  I really tried last time.  I ended up laughing at myself outloud as the girl behind the counter completely ignored what I said and turned around.  I was literally embarrassed.  To top it off now my favorite ginger chai is watered down, mostly milk and served luke warm... Where's the spice and ginger?  No more fun spicy lentil pasta side dishes and the attitude...god the attitude!  I can't believe other reviewers say they're friendly.  They must be part of some special club or I keep missing the nice baristas.  I've tried 3x in the past 2 weeks to get back to loving Redhook but I think that last episode did me in.
The food.  The ambience, the ginger chai - This place was created to be amazing.  I bragged about Redhook in the neighborhood.  Baristas wake up...coffee shops are not just about a good cup of coffee (which you DO well).  Its a service industry.  You were handed a gem and did no work for it.  I think you actually like your job so why pretend to be so cold.   The old owner went to pretty decent lengths to create the warm cozy vibe and you're ruining it for the old regulars.  Im uncomfortable sitting there and the music is far too loud to be enjoyable.  Prices are over the top and the foods not nearly as awesome.  To the new Redhook fans, I really wish you tried it a couple years ago.  Everything was better then.  Wish the old owner would come back. Its such a great spot! Darn.Fast service. Great food, and an edgy environment. There's something for everyone. Try the mango smoothie it's refreshingAmazing sandwiches big enough for two meals. Very cozy inside if you want to stay or just relax over a cup of coffee/tea.Flavor was amazing! I am so
Excited to have a place that has wonderfully unique sandwiches that offer gluten free bread. This made my day. Thank you! 
I do wish they still allowed dogs :(.I love coming to this cafe. It's a nice place to get work done and eat a quick snack. 
I first came here after an interview to get some tea. Their selections are great. I opted for the Earl Grey and added some honey to it. Their pastries and sandwiches are really good. They have a lot of cool and funky sandwiches. Also very healthy too!
The seating area was different. They different seating cushions and tables. Very cool. They can get very crowded at times but I think the wait and lack of seating is worth it. Would definitely recommend.Went with my friend and they made me a delicious egg and cheese bagel with red peppers it was filled to the rim and delicious. The atmosphere is really cool and relaxing. I would strongly recommend this place to anyone I want to have a place to grab a bite to eat or some coffeeLove the food. Amazing americano. Could do without the woman always camped out on the couch and who  can't seem to stop laughing. It seriously starts to become obnoxious.Queen Village welcomes me again to the niche cafe nestled on Fabric Row. I took some shots so I'll upload them soon.  It looks like they've added a few tables inside and cleared a spot outside for more seating.  They feature Equal Exchange coffee, which is pretty good.  They have tons of order goodies and lunch items.  Also, you can get a bagel with nutella here, YES, I will be back to get one next weekend.  
Strangely, all the art hanging now must be from a swineophiliac because every single picture has pigs... doing all sorts of strange crap.  One is devouring bodies, another is a gang of pigs "stooping", looks like a Oinksama Pig Laden, Perhaps Joeseph Swine'in the Russian dictator, Rush Piggbaugh... and a bunch of others that I don't feel like putting a pig-pun with in this article.  Over all, creepy.  Also, I love the random nuclear explosion painting amidst it all
So beware of a potential inbound 1 star for this joint.  A lady and her friend came in just after I got my coffee.  She went to the ATM inside, which made a bunch of "ATM sounds" but didn't give her any money.  She started complaining and the girls said they don't manage it.  
She said "Welcome to Red Hook," (which I was expecting as her next comment).  The girls came around, checked the power and offered to call the company for her.  I thought I heard them say if they can get the money back from the company that they would give her the cash.  So as the girl went to call the ATM company, the lady said, "All I wanted was to be taken care of.  See, it said it withrdrew money, see!"  
The girl read the receipt she was holding that the machine spit out Fortunately, the girl read all the words and told her, "It says you put in an invalid pin."  
The lady responded, "Well that isn't right." (Yeah, the ATM screwed up, not you, right?)  She tried again and got her money, then left!!!  What nerve.  So if you see a 1 star in reference to this, ignore it, the girls totally tried to take care of her.Fast internet & power for the laptop warriors. Sunny and not too crowded if you want to hang out. Coffee is decent, peach green iced tea is very refreshing. Punk rock and pop on the stereo and quirky local art for sale on the walls. Nice joint!The Bestest eatery ever. Healthy to boot. I meet my crew there every week for lunch. It's our coffee clubhouse.  The ambiance is eclectic rustic and I Iove the zombie Bathroom. The rotating artwork is available for purchase, which is exactly what I did.  The staff is wonderful too. Come eat, enjoy and support your local artists.I'm so happy that Red Hook is in my neighborhood. I love this place!! All of the smoothies, lattes as well as food (really, you can't go wrong with anything you order) are fantastic. Favorite coffee shop ever!Having stopped in for lunch, I want to update my previous review and offer the highest praise to their egg salad sandwich. With L/T on a rugged multigrain bread, it's hands down the best egg salad I've ever had. They have a nice style with every food item, nothing is taken for granted, just as they didn't do a routine egg salad. Yes, comes with the horse radishy potato salad, yum. Excellent coffee, semi-friendly baristas - what more could you want? As mentioned, I particularly like their potato salad, check it out, it comes with sandwiches but I believe you can also order it as a separate side order. Outdoor seating is a plus. Wifi and warm, quiet atmosphere (despite the many young kids that are brought in) make it not a bad place to get a little work done as well.The Red Hook is "common ground" for the neighborhood - bringing together friends, family, neighbors, people visiting and those that have been here for years. It's a place where two hard working women (Chloe and Kelsey) have created a space for artists to provide exposure for their work, for people who are Celiac like me, for vegans, and animal lovers.  It is an atmosphere where the baristas are self-expressive and friendly people themselves. My family when they visit from Pittsburgh make sure they go there - the food is great, creative and more than what one would get at an expensive brunch place. 
So for those of you who have been there once - don't complain and write bad reviews. Ask us that go there daily, and are committed to these two hard working women and to this place that is "common ground" for many.My new business partner lives around the corner so we have been popping in here quite a bit lately. The dark brew is excellent. The cranberry muffin is tasty, if a bit light on the berries part. Definite neighborhood vibe, we ran into several people we know from the area (I don't live in the neighborhood, but spend enough time there I guess!)Cute and quaint restaurant with great prices, delicious food, and reasonable portion sizes. This was our go-to breakfast stop for the majority of our trip.Very creative sandwiches, however after my first visit, the thing that I'm most impressed with is the potato salad!!!! It is hands down some of the best I've ever had, and I can not wait to get back for more!I like to go to Red Hook because they're very close and convenient for me to buy quality coffee by the pound.  The decor is nice and they feature different artists selling their work monthly.  The owner is very nice as well, and they're dog friendly.
Other times, the coffee made by the snubbish barista's has been good, but just good at a price that's a little above average.  I appreciate they serve organic items and try to be enviromentally friendly, but at a price.  The smoothies are good but I don't think they're made with fresh fruit, and for $5, I'd like fresh fruit.  I'd never order food there again.  I had a chicken basil pesto sandwich once and had food poisoning for 2 days, and then I later learn 3 of my friends have gotten food poisoning as well from their sandwiches!  Yikes!
Order your coffee, and go across the street to Wiccaco for your sandwich, bagel, yogurt etc..  for something fresher and cheaper.by far, the best tasting decaf coffee in philly!!! AND it's fair trade and organic! they make it fresh every time. they also offer a gluten free bread for all of their sandwiches (get the hoagie roll - its the tastiest!) and have some vegan options. 
comfy couches, fish pillow, new art to check out each month, dog friendly, potted plants all around the outside of the building, friendly staff, exposed brick wall, a few out door seats.
yum!Reading this review is really just time spent not eating at Red Hook, so my suggestion is head there now and read the review on the way (as long as you're not driving :P )
I was visiting from California and this place saved me from the constant nasty food I found around the city.  The ingredients are fresh and delicious, they have plenty of gluten free / vegan / vegetarian options, which my wife always goes for, but not having any of those restrictions myself, I still had tons of great choices as well.
I would highly recommend the Happy Hooker, it's a grilled three cheese sandwich with thick bacon and tomatoes.  I asked them to add some fig jam on there for me and it was amazing.  The chocolate peanut butter smoothie was also a great take away on a hot spring day.
I can't say enough good things about this place, and I will definitely hit it up next time I'm in Philly!Red hook may be my new cafe of choice. It pains me to say this because I still love Gleaners and The Last Drop (the latter not so much. Its full of posers these days), but Red Hook has something these other places dont- a conscientious mentality. They focus on organic, fair trade products, with a huge selection of vegan and vegetarian meals and treats (all of which are ridiculously delicious). They play good music, the design is comfortable and the crowd is eclectic. But I must admit; the best part is the really cute staff. Everytime I go there there's some cute, friendly girl serving me coffee. It's a nice plus.Is that a dog park or a coffee shop? I love going here just so I can play with the dogs. Other great things include the décor, the clientele,and the coffee. The real reason I'm giving this 4 stars is because I love the Huevos Banditos. Cash only though which is frustrating when a sandwich and coffee comes to over 11 dollars. Also not too many outlets to plug in a phone.I just tried out Red Hook for the first time yesterday.  It was pretty empty, and I got a nice spot by the window to set up with my laptop and do some work.  The barista was very pleasant and friendly.
The coffee was excellent.  The soy milk is out in its own pitcher with the other milks so you don't have to ask for it specially, and there is sugar water available for cold drinks.  
There are lots of vegan food options available!  They have soy cream cheese for the bagels, and you can substitute "fakin' bacon" for the real stuff in any of the sandwiches and wraps.  You can also get fresh avocado on just about anything, which is always a winner in my book.  I got the curiously named "Jackie O" wrap, which is an ingenious combination of banana, honey, peanut butter, and granola.  Mmmmmmm.  
Looks like I've finally found "my" coffee shop in my new neighborhood!Love this place.   The coffee is great, and their bagels are fantastic.    The staff was friendly from the beginning, but after a few times coming they are like old friends.    The seating is really comfortable.   Red Hook is dog friendly and draws neighbors in all day long.  It is a rare visit that doesn't involve a good conversation with friends and neighbors.   If you want a relaxed meal (especially breakfast) and awesome coffee, stop in.The Best Coffee and Tea in Queen Village. Go there and meet your neighbors. Owners are very nice and the shop is lovely.Love Red Hook!
I work down the street so I'm always in for coffee (bonus: they have almond milk). The food is great, too. Cant go wrong with the Easy Rider or Red Hook sandwich.While walking down 4th Street, I decided to go into Red Hook to see what they had to offer, seeing as the shop is in my neighborhood, yet I hadn't given it a try yet.  The shop is small, but the decor is super eclectic and comfortable, and the staff is very friendly.  They have an extensive menu of coffee drinks and smoothies as well as sandwiches, salads, melts, wraps, and eggs.  I settled on a small coffee and egg and cheese on a toasted sesame bagel.  Both DEFINITELY hit the spot!  It is cash only, however, but there is an ATM there for your convenience.  Always nice to have a new go-to coffee shop in the neighborhood, and I can't wait to go back and try more of their edible selections!Just moved into the neighborhood and so far this is my favorite cafe and coffee shop. The food is delicious and well made with clean ingredients. The coffee is incredible too. Highly recommend this place.Shades of Egg just rocked my world. The way they had the sunny side up egg cooked on a layer of salty, satisfying cheese really made this sandwich for me.  The sprouts, greens and avocado made this beast a little healthier, too.  I love that you can choose what bread you want it on.  The coffee was great, and I even found a cool magazine to read while I ate.I have found my favorite coffee house in Philly.  It is Red Hook.  
Red Hook is on Fabric Row, below the noise of South Street.  A member of the Independents Coffee Cooperative, you'll get great fair trade coffee here.  The sandwiches are fresh, prepared with high quality ingredients.  There are veggie and vegan options.  There are also sweets, which I'm told come from Homemade Goodies by Roz (a favorite bakery of mine).  
Aside from fair trade coffee, I read that they are socially responsible in many ways, including recycling coffee grounds for local farmers (that's so AWESOME) and recycling everything else they can.
Try the ancho chile hot chocolate, which is sweet and spicy and rich. that alone will keep me coming back for more!
The cafe itself is comfortable, with good music that's not too loud.  There is a counter with tall chairs, as well as tables and a sofa.  Local art shows on the walls.  There is free wireless, if that's your thing.  
I love this place.  I almost hate to review it--I want it to be my secret.You could say I'm hooked... thank you for indulging me with that terrible pun. 
Cash only!! But they do have an ATM inside - not a big deal just be aware. 
Ambiance: 
+ Exposed brick, art on the wall
+ Nice music playlist to fit the chill relaxed vibe - also not very loud so found it ideal for work
Food:
+ Vegan friendly - ordered the vegan curried chicken
+ Huge portions of food - almost wish I did sandwich soup combo because half the sandwich was plentyI spent a long time looking for a coffee house in Queen Village and finally settled on Red Hook even though I had read about and experienced the dismissive attitude from the staff.  Even though I always said "please" and "thank you" w/ a genuine smile, even though I always tip, they treated me like I was emanating a slightly unpleasant odor.  I decided to keep going b/c the food is quite good (except for the egg sandwich but I suspect that may have been another form of aggression from the staff) and I like the room and the seats outside.  I understand that since I am not emaciated and tattooed that it is silly of me to expect good service in most coffee houses.  
Anyway, the last time I went I gave my order to the arch guy behind the counter upon which he said "Not gonna happen".  I looked at him in surprise and said "I'm sorry?" and he said again "Not gonna happen".  Finally I recovered enough to say "Why not?" and he said "We're out of plain bagels".  Now look, would it have been so hard for him just to say that the first time?  I looked at him and said "Well never mind" walked out and wound up at Milk and Honey on 4th street right above South St.  Guess what?  At Milk and Honey I FINALLY found a coffee house that doesn't act as if there is a velvet rope which I am not cool enough to get past!!!!  The staff says hello and smiles at me.  Go to Milk and Honey!  Let's not let bitter hipsters win!!I give this place 5 stars for quality and 3 stars for accuracy.  Their coffee and food is great.  On a few occasions I have grabbed lunch here and was not disappointed.  The seating and atmosphere is very welcoming and comfortable.  One thing I have to comment on is their prices... they don't seem to add up.  The prices they have on their paper menu do not correspond with those on their chalk board menu.  I am one of those people who never carries cash, this makes it difficult to make sure I have enough money to pay for my items.I live just next door, and the coffee and food are excellent. The owners are cool and very welcoming. Great pit stop for lunch and breakfast. This has become our new local coffee shop. Cash only though, and the wait can be a little longer if you order food. Everything, is freshly made so worth it.