After spending the night at a friend's place in NoLibs, I was in search of a place to grab breakfast and coffee, so I gave Red Cup Café a shot.  I settled on a coffee and an egg and cheese sandwich on an English muffin.  The café definitely lives up to its name in that hot beverages are served in red mugs, and the atmosphere is homey and low-key, just like the corner coffee shops we all know and love.  Much to my delight, as I was enjoying my breakfast (which was well prepared, by the way), the very friendly owner (?) Rick made conversation with me and we chatted for a good while, since it seemed to be pretty slow for a Monday morning.  Will definitely be back next time I am in the neighborhood!Wondered upon this spot one day in early January of 2013. It's a cute little cafe with a lovely worn couch, a few tables and nice owner. Coffee was pretty tasty and the crepes sound lovely, although I have yet to try them.I give this place even more stars, if I could. The coffee and especially the espresso are truly out-of-this-world. And you can bring your dog in! what's even better though, is the service. There's nothing like walking into a business and consistently being greeted with genuine friendliness. The owner and (as far as I know, the only employee) sets a benchmark in this area. And it's not just an obsequious 'I'm just being friendly because I have to be and want a good tip', it's completely real. Even after just my first visit, he remembered my name, my job, and what I ordered previously. A friend and I have taken to going on dog-walks nearly every day around lunchtime and making a point to stop in, if even just to say hello. True, it doesn't have quite the comfy/cozy atmosphere as a more-established places, but the good vibes the owner exudes, and the quality of the drinks more than make up for that. Philly's coffee shop owners seriously need to just come in and see how the owner conducts himself and treats the customers; it would give them oodles of food-for-thought,Hours keep getting moved back. Now closing at 1 or 2 pm!!!
Possibly losing business? Closing? I hope not, as his Crepes are delicious and he's a friendly guy (just get past that initial Eastern European abruptness at first). 
Sad to see its not open for an early afternoon meal or cup of coffee anymore.Stopped by this new place today and met the owner. Great coffee and a great addition to the neighborhood! Clean and inviting with quality pastries and beverages.This small cafe in northern liberties is the best cafe ever. The food is delicious, the place is really comfortable and the owner is very friendly. 
The only bad thing that I can think about is the hours. The cafe is closed after 3 pm. So I can only go on the weekends. 
Well besides that the place is amazing. If you want a good hot chocolate and some alone time is definitely the place to go.Wow, I love Red Cup! I remember stopping in once when they first opened... menu was limited since they were just starting out. I think it was just coffee and like three types of danishes - something like that. All I can say was it was a sad selection.
They have def gone a long way since then. Ordered a raspberry mocha - so awesome. There were actually pieces of raspberry in my drink. Way better than the sugary syrup stuff! Also had a breakfast bagel - simple and delish - and had a banana nutella crepe. Yum yum! 
I shall be back!I hate even doing this because I am unsure whether or not man at the counter is the owner, he's such a sweet friendly guy...and I MIGHT give it another shot just because of his service..but..
If you are looking to get anything besides a typical coffee...have some time on your hands. We were the only people in here and it probably took at least 10-15 minutes to make a mocha coffee drink. Don't try to get anything moderately complicated if you have somewhere to be.
The food (although good) took about 10 times longer than it should have. I ordered a sausage and cheese sandwich (told him to hold the egg twice) on a bagel. I waited roughly 40-50 minutes for this..AGAIN BEING THE ONLY PEOPLE IN THE STORE. Much to my disappointment, my long wait was not rewarded as I had to remove the egg I requested not be on there.
All around, nice guy, needs to up his speed or else I will never be back.Rick, the owner, makes crepes!  And good ones at that!
Not open at 6am anymore (lack of early business), but they make crepes!Ok, I accidentally discovered this place on my way to the Tea Room but they were closed on a Monday. The place was big, no actual theme going on and lacked the cozy feel. 
I ordered the Chai Latte, it wasn't the powder kind so it actually tasted good. Is it my favorite? Well, no but it was a cold day, the price was good and the location was convenient. My friend ordered an egg and cheese on an English muffin and she said it was tasty. I think I would come back again but this place needs to be more inviting and warm. 
One thing I really disliked and I dislike this about other restaurants/cafe's is poor ventilation over the stove/ovens/toasters. I hate smelling like the food that you have prepared for me or other customers. Literally, my clothes smelled like food and I was nauseous the rest of the day. 
The staff/owner was really friendly and he seemed to really know his customers which is very important.Red Cup Cafe is fantastic.  Sweet or savory, coffee or tea, it's inevitable that you will fall in love with this cafe.  The owner runs the show, and he's such an awesome guy.  From making you feel welcome to making you the best fricken' crepe you've ever tasted, he really sets the bar high for all of the cafes in the NoLibs area.  Anyone who brings me a freshly made chocolate raspberry crepe, just because he wanted me to taste-test it, is A-OK in my book!!  This is exactly the type of customer care that will allow Red Cup to succeed.  
I also highly recommend the egg, goat cheese, spinach, and bacon breakfast bagel.  It's seriously crafted with love, and is hands down the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had.
In conclusion, I am a fan, and you will be, too!Today my roommate and I stopped by Red Cup Cafe for the first time. It was wonderful and we will be going back soon.
We met the awesome owner "Rick" who provided us with excellent service and conversation. The coffee (we got the Zebra special with condensed milk instead of white chocolate) was bangin' and the egg, spinach, goat cheese, bacon sandwich was delicious and filling.The coffee here was decent. So there's that. 
The crepe we ordered (as the only customers in the joint) took almost a half an hour to make. After taking our order, the guy behind the counter yucked it up on his cell phone for like 15 minutes before even turning on the crepe stove.It's good coffee what else do you want me to say I hate Yelp just let me leave a number of stars here I am typing nonsenseI LOVE the coffee here. It has a really rich, bold flavor. It is fair trade, organic, blah blah whatever, but the flavor is just wonderful. Also, the iced coffee is phenomenal, he puts coffee ice cubes in it along with regular ones (you've got to dilute it a little bit). 
When I think Cafe, this is what comes to mind. The cafe has a good amount of seating, and is very cozy and relaxing. You can really let out a sigh here. I go here often on Sunday afternoons for a coffee. It's the perfect place to go for a quiet afternoon or a good read. Red Cup also has free wi-fi so bring along your laptop if you have work to get done.
The owner, Rick, is very kind and personable. He'll greet you with a smile every time and ask you how you've been. Rick is a one man show-- he does it all. He cooks, serves, and runs the cash register. With that said, the service can be very slow at times, but I'm usually not in a hurry. He also makes, crepes, paninis, and really great breakfast sandwiches. I usually get a bacon, egg, and cheese on focaccia toast with spicy ketchup (you can also get it on a bagel). His food is very good and very fresh. I'm really glad I found this gem hidden in a little yellow corner building.A quiet cafe, great crepes and great espresso.  My favorite in Philly.Red Cup Cafe is great for breakfast, lunch or a coffee break. The owner is friendly and the food is delicious. I've had the turkey and cheese flatbread, egg, sausage and cheese bagel and Chai latte. Red Cup seems to be dog friendly so if you have any aversion to sharing your eating space with dogs, it may not be for you.I went here a couple weeks ago on a Saturday morning, and it was not an enjoyable experience. 
The atmosphere seemed cozy enough upon walking in, but that's about the only good thing I can say about it. 
The guy behind the counter was very soft spoken, which made it hard to hear what he was saying. He also seemed a bit confused and almost forgot part of my order. 
While waiting at the counter, I noticed that there didn't seem to be a bathroom. There was also Christian radio playing. That's fine if you want to listen to religious stuff on your own time, but I don't find it appropriate for a cafe setting. 
I ordered a chai latte, but it was not actually made with tea or concentrated tea as it should have been. It was water, chai flavor syrup, and milk. 
The steamer had not been cleaned off properly from the previous person, and after he made my chai he wiped it halfheartedly, leaving some foam still remaining. 
When I picked up the cup, it was extremely light. I discovered that my drink was half foam. I tilted the cup way back to get some of the actual drink, and burned my tongue. The drink was not cool enough even to sip for about 30 minutes. Once I was finally able to drink it, it was still full of foam and also left a weird taste in my mouth (probably due to not even being made of tea). I threw it out.
I also had ordered a croissant, which was stale and dry, and obviously storebought. Not having a drink to wash it down, I had to throw it away too as it was so dry that it was completely inedible.
TL;DR: Food and drink inedible, don't waste your time or money.This coffee shop is bare bones. Very little to chose from as far as muffins or pastries ( grab and go type stuff) . I ordered a mocha latte with soy . It tasted sugarless and burnt . I couldn't even drink it . I've given this place a few solid tries and every time it's disappointing. The art on the walls is nice, and it's painted warm inviting colors but the quality of product is awful. There is much better coffee to be had just around the corner.Cute shop, stopped in while waiting for an appointment in the snow. Ordered a latte and sat by the window reading emails, it was quite sweet.  When it was time to run, the barista set me up with a to-go cup, what more can you ask for? 
Note: they are CASH ONLY - but, they do have an ATM with a fee...Love this place!  Best place for coffee in NoLibs.  Rick the owner/barista makes you feel welcome the second you walk in the place.  The coffee is always fresh and the food is fresh and made to order.  Plus free wifi!Everything you read is absolutely true.  If you live in NoLibs and have not been here, shame on you.  If you live in Center City, come to NoLibs and check this place out.  
The owner is incredibly nice.  Remembered me just after my 1st visit.  On my 3rd visit here I was running late for work.  Having ordered the same thing the past 2 times, he asked me, "the usual? (egg whites, spinach, mushrooms and cheese on english muffin and an iced coffee), i told him just a coffee today because I am running late.  He said, "I can make you just an egg and cheese sandwich if you like, it would only take 2 minutes".  2 minutes later I was on my way to work with a great breakfast sandwich and his AMAZING iced coffee.
The coffee is great, the owner is very nice, the food is super fresh, and it is about as unpretentious of a coffee place as you can find.Red cup cafe is a great little place in Northern Liberties. Rick, the owner, is so friendly and welcoming. The coffee is great. The crepes are delicious. I highly recommend the egg, bacon, goat cheese & spinach crepe!Red Cup Cafe is a unpretentious space in Northern Liberties, with colourful art on the outside of the building and a cozy atmosphere inside. I've been meaning to stop by for some time, so after we realised this morning that our local tea room was closed, we hopped in for a cuppa and some food.
I've been searching for a place close to work that makes breakfast sandwiches the way I like them -- english muffin, egg, cheddar cheese -- and sorely disappointed by the many food trucks lined up on Spring Garden St. You can imagine how delighted I was to find that Red Cup makes this exact variation, and for $3.50 it turned out pretty tasty; my coworker and I ended up splitting it in half because of the huge portion size. I'll have to give the other variations a try (bacon, ham, sausage).
The owner was quite friendly, not only to us, but also to his customers. He seems to have a really good rapport with them, which is refreshing given that some other coffee shops in the same area are standoffish and hipster rude. We also overheard him chatting about the type of coffee to his customer while we were waiting for our food and drink -- organic, fair trade, and such.Has gone downhill since Rick left. I think it's under new management.Katie I's review is spot on... 
Another thing to note - this place is open at 6am, so if you hafta get a cup before an early morning battle with the Schuykill, this place is a much-much-much better option than dunkin dognuts.I just stopped in the other day to get some takeout desserts - wow - really good.  The chocolate torte and the creme brulee pie were delicious.  I haven't tried their coffee yet, but my boyfriend did and said their lattes are totally worth coming back for.I live right around the corner from this place, and I gotta say, it's a very nice, pleasant, and over-all friendly establishment. The coffee is of good quality, the food is of good quality as well, the music and atmosphere is pleasant, and the owner is always friendly and courteous. It's a nice place to go and hang, grab a quick bite, a cup of coffee, or just to escape from the heat or the pressures and stress of whatever ails you.What a disaster! Rick not here anymore and its my first time here since he left.  Came here with my girl to get some crapes and an hour later got nothing! There was 4 people in the entire cafè, the guy was completely clueless and had no clue what he was doing. After an hour my friend that got their before us, finally got his egg and cheese bagel.  When I walked up to the counter to ask him how much longer, he told me he wont be able to make more than 1 crepe because he is out of the batter.  At this point I was so annoyed and starving I told him thanks, but im paying for the coffee and leaving. I dont know what this guy was doing for an hour but the place was empty and not busy. I would never come here again and they need to dump some money into this place and get some management.
Also they dont have an air filter system and the place smells like smoke and food.Great corner C&T spot. Bananna nut muffins to live for! Crepes... Whoa... ForgetaboutitI love the lattes from this place. And the crepes are to die for my children and I love to hang out in here for breakfast great atmosphere great foodSuper nice owner & yummy paniniUnfortunately, not the same place it used to be. Rick is no longer there...and hasn't been since August 2014. That explains the recent reviews seemingly falling off a cliff. People walking in must be wondering what everyone else raved about the past several years. (It really used to be that good!)
The new guy seems nice and I hope he can turn the business around. The location is great, but there are better options in the neighborhood since Rick left.My friends and co workers come here several times a week. We always get breakfast sandwiches, coffee and berry shakes. Everything is made from fresh ingredients.  Owner always gives us new suggestions of what to try next since we have tried almost everything on the menu.
Also a great place to bring your laptop and do some work or have a meeting.Excellent atmosphere, great coffee, good food and friendly service. I find myself coming back on a regular basis. Check it out and you won't be disappointed.My favorite coffee shop! 
The best lattes I've ever had - PERFECTION! 
Delicious pastries... definitely try the chocolate tort! YUM!
The owner is so nice... So gracious, so friendly and goes out of his way to make sure you are comfortable and happy with his coffee and food. 
I will never go to another coffee shop in Northern Liberties. Red Cup Rocks!
The paninis look scrumptious too. I can't wait to have one!
Thank you, Rick!Coffee tasted old and burnt and no one was even remotely pleasant to me. I felt like I interrupted something when I walked in and was rushed to leave. The coffee was awful and I dumped it out after 3 sips.Love Red Cup. I will admit that I was skeptical at first...for some reason, I thought the crepes they advertised were probably frozen. I was so very wrong and so very happy that I was mistaken. 
Crepes are made fresh and to order. 
Croissants are *AWESOME*
Breakfast sandwiches are made in the same way too. 
Coffee always tastes fresh-brewed and not bitter. I know many people are really into super bold brews, but there's a difference between bold and bitter. 
Free wi-fi.
ATM access
Lots of seating (tables, chairs, couches, stools)
And the owner is down to earth and friendly.
I prefer Red Cup over some of the other cafes in the neighborhood.I'm very conflicted by red cup. I read another review about Rick, the original owner, no longer owning or at least working here. While the times being open were horrible, the vibe was friendly and inviting.
The new guys (and I mean that as the handful of times I have been here have been new people) have not changed the decor at all, but somehow the vibe is different. Maybe it's the lack of music, the lack of people but two guys sitting on a bench who look like Eastern European Mafia, or the lack of the crepe selection board, but the vibe is way off. 
I didn't even know they still made Crepes if a couple ahead of me didn't ask for one. 
Coffee has improved since my last visit, except instead of burnt blah, it's more if a tasteless blah, as in they did not use enough coffee grounds. 
I will say that based on seeing chairs and things outside, they seem to have later hours, at least till 5 on weekdays.So this is my first yelp review even though I have been using yelp for a while. I would say it was my experience this morning that inspired me to actually write a review for once.
So I stopped in this morning after getting a free drink card over the weekend. I got a coffee and a bagel with turkey, lettuce, tomato, and garlic spread. He threw the bagel on the panini press. It was absolutely delicious and extremely fresh. The coffee was some of the best I have had in Northern Liberties.
The owner was a really nice guy. We talked for a little while. It was just a really great way to start the day. I will definitely be going back.The guy who works here acted very upset that a customer would dare walk in and disrupt him from using his laptop in the dining area. He doesn't even greet people as they walk in or care about anything. This place totally blows.Glad I finally stopped in after walking pass this place so many times. Finally found a nice homey, unpretentious cafe that serves great quality food and drinks at reasonable prices. I'm a sucker for crepes and they were sooo good. The cappuccino was very frothy and tasty. The owner knows how to serve his customers and make them feel welcome. Will definitely be back!1. Nobody there=bonus! No wait time!
2. The coffee is hot, smooth, dark and generally terrific. The pastry is not super fresh, the selection and distribution of toppings are minimal.
3. The owner is a fine dude and he's working hard to start something great. In this neighborhood the bar is set really high, but I'm counting on Red Cup to thrive and capture the NoLibs coffee niche.
So give Red Cup a try, and a second try if necessary. Make it happen.I just returned from work after a long maternity leave, and one of the things I looked forward to was catching up with Rick at the Red Cup.  He is the reason this unassuming coffee shop is becoming a local mainstay.
He always has something interesting to say & seems truly interested in cultivating his customer base.  I wish my budget allowed for more coffee/pastry runs because it's always a pleasant visit.Rick, the owner, is an absolute sweetheart.  The crepes he makes are absolutely delicious (mushroom and cheddar) and all the ingredients are as fresh as they can get, bought usually the morning-of! There is free wi-fi and as others have mentioned, I love the music and ambience. I wish I lived near here so I could come more often. 
Upon talking to Rick, he said his philosophy is simple: excellent quality for cheap prices. He refuses to sell anything that he won't eat himself.Hookah- The hookah is good too a bit to prepare, but they do use coconut coals. The hookahs are smaller ones. I am used to Khalil Mamoons, however these do pull nicely. The flavor I chose was blue mist but they have a small yet decent selection. Coals were changed and checked frequently. 
Service- For a Monday night at around 9 pm I was the only one here. They staff was 2 guys they had good music on and were pretty attentive yet not too overbearing.It is BYOB not sure of the prices. 
Seating/atmosphere-It's really a nice place the seating and room decor is beautiful. The whole place is clean, and well kept. Wifi is free and no password required. 
Food- They do serve food I didn't have any. 
Overall- I would come back, and would recommend to my friends. They seem to truly care about their business especially since it is so new. These guys are destined to do amazing.
Warning- it is cash only, but they do have an ATM.I stopped in here for a cup of coffee on my way to work this morning.  This place was a mess.  There were empty cartons of milk behind the counter and coffee grinds everywhere.  I was really surprised not to see a roach or mouse running around.  Coffee was okay and moderately priced compared to everything else in the neighborhood.  I won't be back though, too dirty.The European guy who runs this place is a charm! He's so polite and soft spoken but such a delight. The breakfast sandwiches are great and the coffee is good. I love the vibe which is MUCH different than most Philly coffee shops. Instead of blasting hipster tunes he sticks to a classy plate of Parisian melodies. A very relaxing spot, a great place to come very early in the morning. I'm not totally in love with the decor and layout and it gets a bit dark in there but I'm only speaking for the very early morning.Have been wanting to try the two new coffee shops on 4th street for awhile but also trying not to spend money. Had an opportunity today to try Red Cup and was pleasantly surprised! 
The owner is very friendly and hand made me a fresh cup of ice tea using a delightful organic assam (you pick the flavor and he makes it fresh). Very very good! 
Reasonably priced, clean, spacious, great for sitting and talking or working. Have not tried the food yet but have a feeling I'll be back there.They just open a night hookah Lodge it's really nice, chill and great. The food is amazing and the games are great. Great place to bring your friends and chill. Don't forget to try the crapécute coffee shop around the corner from work! low prices and a nice variety of beverages hot and cold to choose from. I have yet to try the food but it seems to be a nice selection ! excited to get something to eat from hereIt's a nice cash only coffee spot but the atmosphere wasn't very inviting or cozy. It seemed more like a spot to just pick up coffee and run as opposed to somewhere I would stay to study. I ordered a medium latte and it did seem to take a while to get my drink. Maybe it was just bad timing on my part.Hands down the best iced coffee I have ever had anywhere, ever. Freaking terrific. The guy behind the counter is always very friendly, as well.
When we were trying to decide between an apartment in norther liberties and one in bella vista, the prospect of being close to this place almost made me vote for the lesser apartment. It's that good.This place is great. Super chill corner coffee shop with just a non-pushy, non-pretentious vibe, and Rick, the friendly barista/owner. When I first moved into the neighborhood, I would stop in here, order an iced tea, and just mooch off their free wifi all afternoon.  I know, I'm a jerk.  Or at least that's how I would appear on the outside.  But once you get to know me you'll realize that I'm just cheap.  Anyway, like I said I would stay there all day and feel totally comfortable.  No judgment, no pushiness.  Awesome. They have great pastries too.  
Really nothing to complain about here... they could use a little more comfortable chairs, perhaps, but is that asking too much?This is a neighborhood gem..  Owner is super nice guy who turned this place into a great spot to hang out or work from.  Delicious crepes and coffee.Red Cup was quiet, peaceful, and well-lit.  I ate a feta bacon omelet, which was large and good, and drank coffee, which was excellent.  I sat quietly on a sofa and did my work, and forgot that I had parked in a two-hour space, which though regrettable, is not Red Cup's fault.
I hope to come back.First time here, unfortunately I would love to be able to write a better review. Ordered med almond latte and for the price I wasn't impressed with the size or temperature, yet it was quite tasty. Additionally, they gave me the wrong breakfast sandwich. Granted it was good, but it had bacon in it and I definitely didn't order it :/ maybe next time will be more impressive