Best sandwich i have had in a while. Great flavor to spice ratio. Excellent staff. Strong vibes. Much loveI love reggae reggae vibes! I have had the beef patty, man n cheese, Jamaican corn, collard greens,  plantains,  and string beans and they're all amazing and flavorful. I want to get everything on the menu.Just watch Usain Bolt on TV and had a craving, surprised it seems i was the only one. The woman working there was very nice and friendly and the food delicious.  I've never been to Jamacia but i imagine its what home cooked tastes like, i could see and taste every spice and seasoning.I am so happy that this place is just down the street from me! I had the jerk chicken (topped with curry- highly recommended) with rice & beans with plantains on the side. The food was great and the service was equally as amazing! Denise (maybe the owner?) was an absolute doll and the cook was a gentleman.  Great environment! Cute and quaint! I will be frequenting this place often. Perfect spot for those nights you don't feel like cooking.  Eat in or take out. Great addition to the neighborhood and I wish them all the best!My boyfriend and I really enjoyed this place. The food is delicious and the service is great. I had the jerk chicken with plantains and collard greens. He had the goat with plantains and mac and cheese. We brought our own beer and they offered us glasses and an opener. Everything was brought out from the kitchen on a literal silver platter. We will definitely return!Rd the hype is real finally got down there and probably the best 8 dollars I spent in along time. 
I got the famous jerk chicken cheesesteak, I'll start by sayin best jerk flavor I had in awhile, Ima cook and my own jerk doesn't hold to this. 
I'll be returning soon I can see this being a habitI searched for a Jamaican restaurant and found this one to be the highest rated. I made the trip from Germantown to find out for myself if the food was good and I wasn't disappointed. I ordered the large oxtails with steamed cabbage and rice and peas and I got two beef patties. The food was delicious and seasoned just right for me because I don't like too much or too little seasoning in my food. The prices are great for the large portion which I bought and had left overs for two days and it tasted just as good the next day heated in the oven. The service was great as well. This restaurant will be one my top five list of go to restaurants in Philly.I must say they have great food and the portion size are amazing! I'm new to the Philly area from New York and this was the first Caribbean restaurant I tried and will be sticking with them. I always order the Escovitch Snapper and it's always satisfying with the taste and size.Glad to have this place in the neighborhood! I was admittedly a little apprehensive due to the odd signage on the front, but once inside, the place has a great feel. Warm, clean, and smells great. Got some takeout with a few friends. Service was super fast and the portions were generous. The flavors were on point, and everything was cooked perfectly. Keep it up guys! I will be back.Too notch Jamaican food .... lots of vegetarian options.   I love this place ........Not the best jamiacan place in the city but definately not the worst. Standard Jamican food and pretty good taste levels and prices. The thing that puts this one above the rest is the jerk cheesesteak, which was intriguing but far better than I thought. Also, unlike alot of Jamiacan places, their staff is really friendly. Definately bookmarked for when I do venture into the city.Just went here for the first time; food was amazing!  I had the veggie burger and my boyfriend had the jerk chicken - we both loved our food.  The staff is extremely nice and they gave my boyfriend a piece of chicken fresh off the grill while we were eating.  Fried plantains were bomb.  It's super casual and we'll definitely be grabbing takeout or heading back there soon!I've eaten here numerous times and the food is always so good. 
Staff friendly. 
Service quick. 
It's mmm mmm mmm goodOxtails are proper, basically the only place left in the neighborhood to get decent ones.Can only base this on my uber eats order, with that being said anyone who loves jamaican food knows callaloo is where it's AT but also know it's hard to find GOOD callaloo. This place has got it down to a science, perfectly seasoned (not too much salt which is common) not overcooked and basically took me back to when I was eating callaloo in St. Ann Parish in Jamaica. Definitely will order again. Note: snapper and veg patties where also amazingI ordered through Uber eats and by far the driest Jamaican food I've ever devoured. The macaroni was dry, I never received my cabbage that I paid extra for and the ox tail had no ox on the tail. Good flavor around the ox tail though but that's about it oh yeah and the yams were actually pretty good, most likely canned but I'm not judging. Lack of presentation and the temperature was pretty warm but not hot, and yes you can order Uber eats and still receive hot food. Longer story short I will never order from them againA little piece of Jamaica right here in my neighborhood. Fantastic food, friendly staff and very large portions. You won't be disappointed.This is the real deal: delicious homestyle meals made by a caring family. One of the best spots I'm the area. Support them!Love the jerk chicken cheesesteak!!! the special bbq beef rib platters on fridays are a must try with the Mac and cheese and candied yamsAmazing jamaican Food. Great spicy jerk chicken. Tender goat. Good service. If you want heat ask for house jerk hot sauce. I'm a repeat customer....The food here is fantastic, especially the chicken dishes. I thought that the veggie burger is very bland though.  They sell coconut water, the music is always excellent and the service is friendly.First of all I love this place and I'm thrilled to have a quality Jamaican joint in my neighborhood.  The atmosphere inside is warm and clean and the vibes are strong... All the staff are delightful positive people and the food is excellent!!  Their Jerk Chicken is fantastic... Perfectly done... Rice & Peas are always fresh and moist, properly cooked.  And where as many Jamaican restaurants seem to be out of 3/4 of their menu by the time you're ready for dinner, this place always has a good selection, even when they're close to closing.  Just tonight, I called them five minutes before closing, and ordered two platters... They were heaping with hot, fresh, flavorful food.  They were happy to pour some extra oxtail gravy over the rice and throw in a couple of extra ramekins of jerk sauce.  The homemade ginger brew was also a treat, I love that stuff!!!
Bottom line, I love the food and I'm very much looking forward to eating here for years to come!!!Solid Caribbean restaurant, but nothing special. I haven't gotten the "famous" jerk chicken cheesesteak and I have to before I can completely write this place off. However, I live around the corner and I certainly travel to West Philly when I want Jamaican food. I got the oxtails, rice & peas and cabbage. Everything was solid.Tasty!  We were in the area for our sons football games and had some time in between games to find a good bite to eat.  We had a taste for Jamaican and this place didn't disappoint.  We tried the oxtails with rice and cabbage as sides, the jerk chicken cheese steak and the kids had a regular cheese steak. A nice little spot, it was packed with locals purchasing lunch (which is a good thing) and everything was tasty.  I'll keep them on my list for when I'm in the area.I was happy when I finally found a Caribbean spot around my way. I didn't know it exists. They were very nice and service was quick. I ordered the ox tails, greens and sweet potatoes. The only thing really lacking is season. When I got home, I added more sugar and cinnamon to my potatoes, and other seasonings to my greens and ox tails. The food was still good and the portion gets an A plus. Next time I will try the jerk chicken.This is the best Caribbean food i have had in the city.  The jerk chicken and collards are my favorite.  They have nice sized portions, a large is 2 meals for me.  I recommend this place all day!I'm not supposed to be so hyped about cheesesteaks not made with beef. After all, a cheesesteak without beef simply isn't a cheesesteak. One bite out of the jerk chicken cheesesteak from this spot and you won't care what they should call it, as long as we can all have more of it.
The folks here are friendly and stayed open past midnight to get our 5 jerk chicken cheesesteaks from the grill to our bellies. And in my ongoing love affair with good sauces, their jerk sauce is so good I practically drank it by itself and made sure to ask for extras to go. They served up a jerk sauce-dipped corn on the cob for good measure to one of my comrades and despite the napkin hitting his eyes often, he scarfed it down happily.
With my hometown having no shortage of solid Caribbean food spots, it speaks volumes that my peoples and I made a point to stuff our faces here. Bottom line, this spot needs to become synonymous with the Philadelphia experience immediately.Serious good food here!!  Sweet yams, Jerk Chicken and collard greens!!  Amazing!  I can't believe I tried this place for the first time after all of these years working off Girard Ave.  A very friendly spot to grab some good cooking and not feel anything else but full and happy!My go to place for rice and beans. Went there today and the lady at the counter was extremely pleasant. Had the pepper steak with rice and beans. For 12 bucks, you can't beat it as they give you a ton of food. Will be visiting often.Passing through Philly and stumbled upon this gem.  Ordered the Jerk Chicken and Curry Goat as takeaway.  My husband and I enjoyed it when we got home to Princeton.  The restaurant was clean and cheery with Jamaican music humming in the background.  We'll definitely be back.Food is so savory! They really take their time and put their hearts into it. Mac and cheese is good as well!Oxtails had no flavor :-( this was my first time ordering from them.  I would give them another play sometime in the future with another food choice because I appreciated the portions and delivery was prompt!Good chicken.  Was funny... the guy asked if we were Canadian since we were the only white people in there.  No, I just like Carribean food.The Mrs and I have driven by so many times...finally went in and was totally worth it. Owner was super inviting. He let us try a few small items before ordering. Food was awesome. Can't wait to go back. Service was excellent. Place was super clean.Incredible! 
Okay, now that I've got your attention, let me explain why this is my new go-to for the summer. I've never had Jamiacan food before, but the reviews were pretty awesome and it's between work and home. The parking is pretty good and I didn't have any trouble finding a spot. 
I go in and look at the menu, look at the Yelp reviews, and decide to with the recommended Jerk Chicken with Mac and Cheese and Peas and Rice (peas being beans). I also opted for a beef meat pie (they were only $2 and I was curious). I got the small jerk chicken, not knowing their portion sizes and whether it was going to be good. The large is $12. When ordering, I asked for it spicy and with extra gravy (it's apparently ox tail gravy). 
The woman at the front desk was nice, the food came out quickly, and the atmosphere was pleasant. No complaints. 
Well, when I got home and tried the food, I am telling you I was shocked at how absolutely delicious it was. I will break it down by item, so let's start with the chicken. The jerk chicken (both wings and thighs I think...so all dark meat, which I love) were so juicy, so flavorful, and the perfect amount of spicy. Rememer, I got the spicy kind. When I picked up a wing, the meat literally fell off the bone. 
The peas a rice with gravy were...just so good. I need to learn what their recipe is and steal it for my own personal use. This mixture has the slightest hint of coconut in it that's so subtle that I thought I made it up, but it's true. It is definitely there and just so delicious and complimentary. 
The mac and cheese looked disappointing at first. I am used to mac and cheese that is quite cheesier than what I saw. However, I was not disappointed. The flavor was buttery and complimented the dish so well. I am actually glad it wasn't cheesier or more flavorful, it would have overpowered the meat and rice. 
The meat pie was definitely a flavor I didn't expect, but very good. It was savory but not spicy, and the crust was thick and flaky and not dry at all, despite not being a very buttery flavor. 
Overall, the quantity (it was huge and I had to eat some later), quality of flavors, convenience, and price make this an absolute win in Philadelphia. Philly foodies take note: this is a place to go. 
I will absolutely be back...maybe next week.I had a beautiful steak sandwich with fries and a side of cabbage. The food was delicious, perfectly spiced and well cooked. I also loved the no frills atmosphere. People working there were very friendly and polite. And it was super cheap!  I will return next time I am in town. Loved it!Best Jamaican food ever . Having eaten from a lot of Jamaican restaurants in Brooklyn , I'd have to rank this above them all . Jerk chicken was really exceptional tender and not dry and salty which is the demise of many spots . Sides are equally as good particularly the Mac and cheese and plantains .Stumbled up on this restaurant, at a red light, the smells were amazing. The staff was friendly and service was fast. The food was fresh and well seasoned. I will definitely visit again to try other menu items. I ordered a small jerk chicken platter, with cabbage, rice & peas, the portion was appropriate for the price. The chicken was smoked to perfection, I only wish I had ordered jerk sauce on meat instead of on the side, I need more. My absolute favorite was the homemade punch.Absolutely amazing food! This is the second time I've ordered from here and I had to log onto yelp to let everybody know this right here, is the PLACE! I have never been inside or talked to anyone on the phone from here so I do not know what the service is like because I've only done it through uber eats. The first time I got the boston jerk chicken with green beans and rice. Second time boston jerk chicken with green beans and cabbage. The garlic green beans are so good I always consider getting two sides of it. Best Jamaican food in the area and the prices are really good. They are very generous with their portions and do not skimp out on the meat! Definitely fresh ingredients. I always get the large so I can eat it for the next few days. I'm curious to try some of their other main dishes but the jerk chicken is among one of the cheapest options that's why I haven't tried the others. I will definitely keep ordering from here in the future.The food was delicious I had the Oxtail stew and my husband had the curry shrimp, we also ordered the jerk chicken and everything was perfect. Also the lady who took our order was very sweet.Have driven past this place so many times and finally got a chance to try the food for the first time last night. Ordered pick up - went HAM and ordered 1 pound of jerk chicken and basically 90% of the sides... don't judge, this fed two hungry adults generous dinner portions plus leftover lunches the next day. 
The flavoring and spice level of the jerk chicken were super satisfying. Favorite sides, hands down, were the cabbage and rice & peas (with gravy). These sides were the perfect complement to the chicken - add in some collard greens and you've got yourself a 10/10 meal.
Very excited to make this a more regular take out spot. Reggae Reggae- keep doing your thing and bringing this delicious food to the community in Philly.Ok- trying to figure where to start. Went off most of the reviews here because they seemed legit. So I decide to order through uber eats. Food was perfectly Caribbean. 
I had the jerk chicken-requested extra sauce. Can't really tell if they gave me extra, but what I have is enough. Platter is fitting for the round about $9 cost. Actually it's pretty large. The chicken is moist and flavorful. Cabbage is the best I've had in some time. The rice seems to be authentic and not the cheap rice you find at some other establishments. Overall 10 for me. Let me say again. The food is very robustly flavored. You could even say mildly spicy, but all in a good way. If you like spice, your in luck. I'll definitely order again, and try something different each time! I also ordered the homemade fruit punch-man listen! Give me a beach hat and some tequila because that juice had me right in st. Thomas! lol! Great food-hope you enjoy as much as I did!
Ps-food was still hot when it got to me!Oh yeah. This is it. This place has some jerk chicken that is worth the Caribbean dead eye of the staff and unorganized ordering system. The rest of the menu isn't bad either - occasionally under seasoned, depending on the cook that day.I wanted to love this place but i just dont. Im soo used to top taste jamaican food so i proli have high standards. I did Ubereats and always saw this place so i decided to give it a try. But only thing was good was the greens they were extra salty tho. The chicken was pink and sooo tough, mac and cheese wasnt baked. Couldnt be && the iced tea was horrible. Im highly disappointed. Wouldnt order again. Sorry.Location was small and it felt a lot like Jamaica (not that I actually know what that feels like...).  
Ordered the jerk chicken cheesesteak. Well tastes like....jerk chicken cheese steak.  Well the thing about cheese steak is that the melty cheese flavor is so powerful it tends to eclipse the other tastes. Still learning what jerk chicken is supposed to taste like but it was pretty tasty. Hoagie itself was fine but nothing crazy.  Slightly cool to touch. I think a slight toasting of the bread would really enhance the sandwich.  The side of pineapple (salsa?) was a good complement to the food.  The sweet and sour really help enhance the flavors and clean the palate. 
Tropical punch was pretty good for $2. Not overly sweet with some decent acidity. Fullish body. Tastes like real juice to me. 
Good qpr. Would come back.Great food and  scenery. People that work here are very nice and personable. I ordered the brown stew chicken with rice and peas..excellent!!!!A great addition to the neighborhood. Super friendly and reasonably priced. I ordered the small portion that filled me up and was less than ten bucks. I had the spicy jerked chicken with cabbage and garlic green beans. The fall off the bone chicken was tender and very tasty with the perfect amount of spice. The cabbage was flavored with red peppers and was yummy. The green beans were cooked to order and had a nice snap to them. Looking forward to my next visit!So this is becoming my favorite quick weekend take out place. The food is cooked per order. They have an open kitchen, so you can see your food cook. The kitchen seems reasonably clean for a take out place. They have a small seating area. You place your order, grab your seat and eat. Chilled Caribbean music playing in the background. The place does get very busy during the peak hours. Also, it is BYOB..yeah...
Now for the food. The food is delicious. The seasoning adds flavor to the food. I see that they will be selling their jerk sauces soon. Have tried their goat curry, chicken curry, and jerk chicken entrees, and have enjoyed all. Never been disappointed.
Recommend this place if you have not already tried it.Best Jamaican food I've had in Philly. Had the jerk chicken and short ribs. Delicious.This restaurant has the best Jamaican food this side of Heaven. I came here last week, being from NYC, and was blown away! Everything was excellent from start to finish! I threatened to come back and the owner laughed! Then when she saw me again, she had a smile from ear to ear! Beautiful food; beautiful people! This will be my home away from home! If I cold give them 10 stars, I would! I highly recommend this place! You can Thank me later or when you come and visit because I'll
Most definitely be close by. You guys are the best and the food is off the meat rack!!!!My boyfriend and I have been wanting to come here for a while now and we finally made it. SO HAPPY we did! We bond over our love of food and Reggie Reggie Vibes did not leave us disappointed. Their greens are to DIE for and everything else is right on par! The gentlemen greeted us both with smiles and we're extremely helpful in suggesting favorites. They even offered us a sample prior to ordering! We loved the food, atmosphere and staff. We will definitely be back.I love this place. I regularly order the small jerk chicken and my wife and i share it. (Sometimes when she's not around i eat the whole thing). The value is incredible. The food is incredible. I live around the corner and it's dangerous. The Mac and cheese is nice and thick with that baked on goodness. The greens have a nice vinegar to them but aren't overwhelming and the jerk chicken has that smoky spicy flavor straight from Jamaica1st Jamaican food to hit up in Philly.  Lets see how this goes for a post review.   Vibe is legit and I prefer that mom and pops spot which makes the food so much better!!!This place was unbelievably good. I understand the five star rating. I don't think I've ever had chicken so perfectly seasoned. This place does every little thing really well. I ended up scooping up rice and beans with my fingers and licking them dry.I ordered the vegetarian wrap and a side of rice and peas. I was told my wait would be about 5mins. My actual Wait was actually about 30 mins which made me late back to work. The food is sooo good though!! I'll definitely be back for more, just be prepared for a possible lunch time rush. Linda the cashier was super sweet and welcoming. Cozy place, great food, 5 stars!1st time eating here. I got the curry chicken with rice and beans, yams, and mac and cheese. Everything was good except for the rice and peas. They were crunchy and upon closer examination the rice looked plastic. Big thumbs down. I also asked for curry sauce over my rice and peas but was presented with none. So not only was my rice and peas hard and crunchy, they were dry. Other than that the food was great. The yams were flavored and cooked to perfection. The curry chicken was juicy and tender. And the mac and cheese was amazing. They just need to either cook the rice and peas properly or just simply get some real none plastic rice. Three starsSo i went before closing last night and i gotta say the service went really well. I was unsure how the food would taste because I'm from NY and i just wasn't sure of any valid Jamaican restaurants in philly. Anyway i had jerk chicken and rice and peas. I ordered a small. My plate was a hefty little plate lol. It was also made with love. I ordered the spicy and it was actually spicy..anyway will definitely be returning!!Delicious!
I would like to say I'm a woos when it comes to spice, but that would be over exaggerating. Flavor I like--food so spicy it heats up your mouth, throat and sinus I do not like . Luckily, this place offers the former! 
Came her on my sister's suggestion and the parallel parking gods ordained this the lunch spot after some power shopping. The place has maybe 4 tables and a large order in window. During our time we were the only party to dine in but Uber Eats was keeping them busy with at least 5 pick ups in an hour. 
We ordered 4 different sides: mac and cheese, greens, string beans, and sweet potatoes. Each were delicious! The string beans were roasted in garlic and just soft enough. The mac and cheese was clearly baked and had all the melty cheese you know you want, but don't deserve. And the baked sweet potatoes could be eaten like chips. Our large entrees were more than enough food and allowed for ample sharing. I asked for mild sauce and the tender chicken had  all the flavor of well seasoned and loved home cooking, but none of that esophagus burn used to mask bland dishes. 
Visit this place because it is delicious and come back because you have an addiction.Stumbled about this place by accident and I truly believe things happen for a reason.   Ordered the Sampler and extra small order of Oxtail.  Loved all the food.  Will will be coming back whenever in town.Only 33 reviews so far?! Wtf
Place is excellent. Good food. Good people. 
Got the jerk chicken and the weekend sampler. Sides of green beans, jerk corn, plantains, rice
Came when it was busy so did take a while. Lots of people ordered ahead of time and picked upBest food in the neighborhood. Can't go wrong w the garlic kale, Mac and cheese, jerk chicken etaThe curry chicken is full of flavor, the meat is tender. I took a star down because the container was leaking. It's a styrofoam container. They should put it in a plastic container.
Sides: steamed cabbage is tender but not soggy.
Plantain: perfectly cooked 
Candied yam: delicious, flavor is on point. Perfect compliment with the jerk or stew.
Pineapple salsa is fresh and gives some sweet and refreshing touch to the spicy dishes 
Beef patty: nice size. Not dry at all and has spicy kick in it
Chicken stew: tender and very flavorful with enough sauce so that it's not dry. I had mine with plantain and yam. The plantain soaked up the sauce to add flavor to it.
Both the curry and stew have very generous spice.This review is for the curry shrimp. The shrimp is big. Very flavorful curry with fresh broccoli and peppers. The callalo is tender. It's a lot in the meal.Oxtail stew.... do it...JUST DO IT.... it's heavenly.  Order is always right... worth the wait... buy extra and save it for tomorrow good!Awesome! Smells sooo good when you walk in!  Taste was great and spice level was perfectThe first time I had ordered here it was delicious. I had uber eats my order and gotten plantains jerk chicken and rice. Everything was super yummy and made with love cooked perfectly and juicy. The second time I had ordered here about a week ago from today my order was dry and tasted over cooked and made carelessly. My plantains were basically burnt and my curry chicken had almost no sauce on it. Not sure if I am willing to give it another go as the first time was so yummy.This review is for the salmon. It's perfectly cooked with some herbs on it but not outstanding. It comes with slices of soft carrots. You can pick 2 sides. So far my favorite is the shrimp.I am SO happy I finally tried this place after contemplating for almost 3 months. I'm a busy mom of three boys while running an online shop. SO things can get a bit hectic when there's over 50 orders to complete, package and ship out on weekly basis.
I find Ubereats and Doordash very convenient for me when I do not have time to cook. So finding a gem of a place like this really do make it worthwhile and money well spent to satisfy myself and my children.
I was kind of weary ordering from here because I had Jamaican food before from another establishment and all I can taste was MSG. I lived in Brooklyn for almost 9 years so I know great Jamaican food. And this place delivered 100%. Flavor was on point! My 6 yr old son ate the jerk chicken like it was nobody's business and he's my most pickiest child! The oxtail was so delicious that it took me back to my younger days in Brooklyn,NY savoring in the best oxtail with rice and peas. YUM!!
I would also like to add that I received two drinks for free and it was so refreshing. It will be great if they can add some jerk BBQ sauce for the jerk chicken so it can take the dish to another level especially with the rice and peas but other than that great service and great food.
Dang! It's been 10 years or so finding a good Caribbean restaurant  like this in NJ and Philly. I am very happy I did.
Until next time Reggae Reggae vibes.I've eaten here twice first time I got the jerk chicken rice and beans and fried plantains and today I got the fried chicken platter with rice and beans and plantains and both platter was so delicious my fried chicken was made to order and it was so crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The reason I gave them a 4 star was because my daughter got their famous jerk chicken cheesesteak and it wasn't tasty at all just a whole bunch of spice. But everything else was very good. Their customer service is excellent and the wait isn't long.If u haven't ate here u really need to! My food was delivered within 25minutes still steaming! Everything was fresh and portions were big, I didn't even get to get a pic. I love little hidden gems like these. Will definitely be back when I'm in town again!Delicious jerk chicken. The meat is so tender and juicy. The stew is very delicious too with flavorful sauce. I took a star down because the fried sweet potato is a little bit burnt. It's kinda a wide and thick sweet potato chips. The plantain is good and sweet. 
Disappointed because they didn't have chicken patty and rum cakeEnjoyed the really nice, tender, delicious jerk chicken, I only wish it had more heat! But was disappointed by the sides. The chicken patty was OK and I did not like the Mac and cheese at all - not enough cheese, no flavor. I'll definitely try other things from their menu.Once I found this place about 2 years ago and now its my favorite Jamaican restaurant in Philly.
Today, I called ahead for an order of snapper and not until I arrived did I find out it was sold out.
Thankfully the staff was accommodating and allowed me to get something else to make up for it.
I never had their curry shrimp before so although I didn't have the snapper, I will say the curry shrimp and jerk chicken was delicious.
They are usually busy at any time of day so I suggest calling ahead for them to start your food before you pick it up.
Regardless, good authentic food.I order from here multiple times a week, they have yet to disappoint. Food is always hot and always deliciousVery spicy. Great flavor! The roll did get soggy but I got it to go so maybe being in the wrapping caused that. Chicken is perfectly shredded .Curry shrimp 
Cabbage
Yams
We ordered lunch at work today.
Everything was pretty good.Staff here was very friendly and gave off that family feel. Their welcome felt warm and inviting . I smelled the delicious bbq smoke a block away. 
I ordered the oxtail dish (came with two sides - i chose Mac and cheese with rice). The oxtail was great!! Tender and literally fell off the bone. 
Wasn't a fan of the rice (a bit biased as I don't like beans). I overheard them give the option of white rice but I was never given an option and so i wish I did. 
Other than that everything went well and i will returnI heard of this place from my coworker and checked it out because her food looked amazing. So, I placed my order through yelp/grub hub app with ease. There is a ton of options to choose from and the prices are average (nothing overly priced). I ordered the oxtails with yams and mac & cheese. They gave me a delivery time between 12:45pm and 1:05pm.  Let me tell you how my food arrived before my scheduled time and the delivery guy was very polite.  When I opened the platter, the food looked edible and it tasted just as good as it looked.   I am a stickler about presentation and this platter was neatly put together and you can tell the food was made with love.  The yams were nice and sweet, the Mac & cheese had the right flavor and a perfect balance and cheese/noodles. The oxtails has a great amount of meat on the bones (even those the meat was falling off of the bones - yummy). I will definitely order from this location again.I used to like this place until I found a ladybug in my kale!!!! Disgusting! I thought Jamaicans clean their food before cooking it???? I gave them another chance after they gave me spoiled green beans and undercooked yams with a previous order. I am very disappointed. I got this order thru Ubereats because I live all the way in south philly, and Ubereats is not cheap! Honestly I don't even want a replacement meal because now I don't trust how they clean any of their food.Mac and cheese & Greens were kind of bland but the jerk chicken was amazing. I will be going back to try other foods though.