We received a gift certificate for Christmas so went eager to dive into the menu. 
Overall, I felt like this place was a bit confused. The service and presentation was somewhat over the top but the food was simple and straightforward. They do a "presentation" of the night's fish options but all the fish was previously frozen, including the langostines which I had considered getting until I heard the entree was $44!! Some of the fish included a table-side plating option which is nice but, again, the fish itself was kinda "eh". 
The starters were good. Hubs got the clams casino, which were delicious but disappointing in the portion size. I got a Caesar salad- it was literally a bowl of lettuce and some cheap, unseasoned croutons. Not a flake of Parmesan or anything to be seen. For $9, that was HIGHLY disappointing, although the flavor of the dressing was good.  
Entrees: I had the shrimp risotto. My husband had tilapia with shrimp and crabmeat. They were both on par with something you'd get at an Italian-themed chain restaurant. Good- but not matching the big display done in the processing of ordering. My dish was covered with peas (which I detest), which was not disclosed on the menu. (In fairness to the chef, I'm aware that traditional risotto is made with peas so I don't really include that as a "complaint"- more of an annoyance). My husband's fish was not seasoned at all and was just kinda "eh". The side dishes (which you're not given an option about) were roasted potatoes and broccoli- neither of which were anything special.
Dessert was creme brulee and was delicious. 
The location is lovely- just off Washington Square so it's a nice place if the weather is nice to stroll after dinner. The restaurant itself is in the basement but comfortable and not oppressive. 
Overall, the check came to just about $100- we felt it was overpriced for what we received but we did have a nice time. Since we're outside the city, the likelihood of our coming back is small since if you factor in parking, etc., you're spending a premium for a meal we can get locally for half the price. If you're local to this place, it's not a bad option for a nice meal out.I was in Italy a few months ago and this place offers genuine Italian American cuisine. The ingredients may not be 100% from Italy, but the ambiance and the cuisine certainly are. 
We had a lovely server who was as proper as could be. Her presentation shows that she was taught very well. 
This place is perfect for a date or family gathering. 
In addition, the pricing on this is very easy to deal with. This is one of those small details that makes it much easier when there are so many different variations of pasta, chicken, veal, beef, etc.
The only reason why it is not getting a perfect 5 is because the bread was not fresh and a bit stale. 
I will certainly come back here again in the future.
Even though Yelp says it is not wheelchair accessible, it is! There is an elevator downold school Italian worth looking into - especially for those transplanted into the city. 
- at the end of the day its about the food like actual wedding soup or branzino try getting that at other restaurants.  Good food, moderate price good service..what else could you needWe came here before our show at the a Walnut Theatre and wish we had more time to enjoy the ambiance. We had mentioned that we only had an hour until the show and our guy in "the white shirt" was very attentive to our timing. Our bread and water refilled nonstop. Our meals were out to us very quickly. I would recommend to any theatre goer before any show. We will be back again.My parents and I had dinner here yesterday after I saw my doctor at Penn Hospital earlier. We made friendly conversation with Abraham who greeted us and he comforted me about my pending spine surgery. He offered to get me a pillow for my back. It was the most thoughtful and friendly service we have ever had! The staff was extremely attentive and we all LOVED OUR FOOD! The atmosphere does have that classic feeling. Yes, this restaurant has been around for almost 40 years and I can see why. 
They made a perfect dry gin martini to start. I loved my salad raddichio, shitake mushrooms and bacon, so delicious! For my dinner I ordered the scallops, seared to perfection, with savory swiss chard and creamy escalloped potatoes. For desert we shared the Italian rum cake, fabulous! Then they offered us an extra dish of it just to be kind! As we were leaving Abraham asked when my surgery was, I told him it was scheduled for next week. He told us they would be happy to make us all some soup during my stay at Penn Hospital!!! They are angels from heaven.
This was the BEST ATTENTIVE SERVICE EVER. When I left I wanted to hug them all!! They even offered to open the door for me knowing I have back pain. I love the staff for how they treated us and I love the real Italian food!!!Once again... perfect!  Biggest and meatiest soft shell crabs ever!  Fantastic wine  prices.  Impeccable attentive service.  Every meal I've ever had at La Buca was terrific.Hands down the best northern Italian restaurant in the city.  The fresh seafood cart holds delicious gems from the sea - steamers, branzino done PERFECTLY, there's a pasta misto course that is not on the menu, but ask for it by name and you'll taste spinach gnocchi that rivals vetri.  veal is also a specialty of the house.  they keep beautiful bottles of italian red win in their cellar.  and the price is so sweet for the quality of food.  AND, you can actually hear the conversation going on at your table without yelling.  This place can be romantic, can be the site for your parents' visit, can be the place to have exsquisite gourmet food with a group of 10. Leave room for cheescake or tiramisu or chocolate mousse or italian rum cake or just some beautiful fresh strawberries and cream.   ENJOY!I absolutely loved it!!! A giant underground authentic Italian restaurant on locust. Took us by surprise. It was a bit of a older crowd. I loved how the rolled all the food out on cartsAlways nicely served, fresh and delicious dishes - all pasta, seafood, & meats..yum.  Wonderful salads.I was here with a large group for work and we were off in our own room.  In fact, I have been there with this large group every 2 years for the past 6 or 8 years.  It's sort of a tradition.
I think that the food here is solid. I wouldn't rave about it but it is good.  The fish cart freaks me out a little bit.  I have seen cheese carts and dessert carts, but never a fish cart.
I had a penne arrabbiata and it was really good.  Spicy without being overwhelming and very fresh tasting.  Salad and  bread good.  Really, all around good but nothing special kind of sums up how I feel about this place.Went last night with another couple. We had theater tickets and a 530 reservation. Everything went smoothly , we were never rushed, finished around 730. Service was very good. Food was excellent.we had the clams casino, an eggplant appetizer, salad, gnocchi. 2 of us had the dover sole, which was great and 2 had salmon which they both said was excellent. A little pricey but a nice atmosphere.would repeatWe had a wonderful experience last night at Ristorante La Buca. Our waiter was very attentive, and our meal was delicious! We enjoyed Chicken Picatta and Chicken Parmesan with potatoes and broccoli...excellent! The desserts were terrific, too...cheesecake and strawberries with whipped cream.
Thanks for a memorable meal...we will be back! :)This place is a wonderful restaurant! It has authentic Italian feel. The food is excellent. The service is typical European style of casual but attentive service. Don't come to this place unless you are looking for a 2-3 hour experience, but you will be impressed by the food.So i was a bit apprehensive to go here based on the reviews but everybody claims the food is good, but that the service is sketchy. 
The set up is a bit weird, with no formal host desk. So we kinda stood there for a couple moments. But after that, the rest of my time there was great. Food was great. Both  my date & I got seafood. I had the Seafood par Diavolu (sp?) our waiter was great. Wine & water glasses was always filled. Cheesecake was good & I usually don't eat desserts at restaurantsA wonderful dinner utilizing Groupon.  Service was impeccable. Excellent selection of fish.  Interesting ambiance of the connecting nderground rooms.  Give it a try for a special time.La Buca is a throw back to the heydays of traditional dining, Italian style, with an emphasis on fresh fish and shellfish. The restaurant can still lay claim to some of the freshest seafood in the city.  Everyday the menu changes based on its availability.   While that is certainly a main attraction, their pasta dishes are all of equal or even better quality. Fresh, homemade ingredients and skill accentuate even the traditional dishes such as linguine and clams.  The dining rooms are spacious and low key, the service is gracious and friendly.  They even have a very reasonable bar menu.   For those of us living in the Washington Square area, this is certainly a local place to call your own or share with others.I found a coupon for La Buca on Restaurant.com. Unfortunately, I forgot to use Google Translate to determine what "la buca" means beforehand. It turns out that "la buca" means "the pit," which would be a good description for this subterranian restaurant. Although it had no windows, its walls were covered in imitations of famous Italian frescos, including Botticelli's "The Birth of Venus". The space also had some tacky gray carpeting. Students beware; this place caters to the AARP crowd.
For dinner, I went for the filet mignon. While I admit that I'm not exactly much of a meat person, I have to say that it wasn't particularly flavorful. The meat was complemented by two small potato slices and about two ounces of vegetable medley in some sort of cream sauce. A dinner I could have done without.
Nonetheless, this is a "fancy" place that you can go to if you are in the mood for going to a fancy place.This restaurant was a serious disappointment.  Given the price of the entrees, you would expect something special. Philadelphia has some excellent Italian restaurants, but this is not one of them. The eggplant casserole appetizer was luke warm and buried in red sauce.  The veal with artichokes was overly salty. The stuffed calimari was bland with a moderately tasty crab filling.  But what was so weird was the accompanying vegetables--an over-cooked naked  stem of bitter tasting broccoli sitting next to a pathetic tater tot.  Really, it would have been better to leave them in the kitchen.  
By the way, I am not a food snob.  But I appreciate fresh well prepared food and I didn't find it here. I really don't understand the many positive reviews that I saw on Groupon and Yelp.pGood food, lousy service. Showed waitress my Groupon, but she was too busy, and asked me to show it at end of meal. No water offered to me or my wife. After first course she took my wife's fork, and had to ask manager for new one.Asked for water refill.Again, had to wait until manager appeared and asked.him. Restaurant is in a basement, so poor cell reception. Could not retrive coupon again. Manager told me to follow him outside, and told me he wanted the coupon redeemed, and made me feel it was my fault. I told him I displayed it to our waitress, but she was too busy.. No comment from him. After 3 attempts it finally displayed and he redeemed it. No apology, no concern for my treatment. On way out we told the (receptionist?) our displeasure, and asked to talk to the owner. She told us the owner was in the kitchen, and she did not want to disturb her. I use Yelp weekly for restaurants, and this is the first time I have posted a negative review. This was my birthday dinner celebration ,and I left miserable.La Buca is a classic.  This subterranean old-school Italian restaurant is almost the last of its generation in Philadelphia.  But it is so awesome to have a spot which I can step into and see how my parents and grandparents dined once upon a time.  And fortunately the food is excellent - it actually is.  The meatballs with red gravy were very tasty and then we came to the amazing pasta.  The Augustus Caesar of all pasta dishes originates from Rome (or more specifically to the east of Rome in the province of Lazio.)  It is Pasta all'Amatriciana!  The sauce with its mouth-watering combination of guanciale, pecorino, onion, and tomato is the favorite of so many of my Italian friends.  Yet in Philadelphia only a very select few restaurants have this concoction on their menu.  La Buca is one of them and their Rigatoni all'Amatriciana was perfect!  Also of note here - the hot pepper flakes were actually hot and the grated cheese 'cheesy'.  Service is by a friendly well-dressed older gentleman whose sole aim is to serve you in a professional yet friendly manner. The décor is replete with colorful murals and paintings.  Walk around and view them.
Tables at La Buca should be in heavy demand.  A historic city like Philadelphia needs to keep the doors open of some restaurants from past generations.  Go to La Buca and enjoy the tasty Rigatoni all'Amatriciana!!We found this place from groupon, it was not a disappointment! The service was incredible and friendly. The food was delicious. I had the scallops and they were phenomenal. Highly recommend this place.Expect tuxedoed waiters with white gloves in this cool subterranean venue. Fish cart is off the hook but a tired schtick, no one under 60 orders Dover Sole. With jimmy's Milan gone this is the last place to go in center city for REAL old school Italian. All Peurto Sr. clients (the ones who's cases he beat) all ate here back in the day. Good for a date when you wanted to be treated like a donEvery thing about this restaurant was phenomenal. Don't be fooled by the underground atmosphere. It brings you to a true Italian mindset. The food, the service, the wine was out of this world. Everyone at our table was extremely happy with their experience. We will absolutely come back for another meal!We went there to have basic pasta the night before the Philadelphia Marathon.   Big mistake.   They were incredibly slow (almost 2 hours) and the food was either cold or burnt when it did arrive.   The service was non-existent, even though we had reservations and they were not even close to being full.    The waitor was slow and rude.
The manager finally stepped in and gave us a 10% discount and apologized profusely.We bought some gift cards from restaurant.com for this place. It's a quiet little underground (physically) eatery right off of Washington Square. The waiter was dressed in a tuxedo, which was at some times uncomfortable for us, as we were dressed casual...in t shirts and shorts. It seems that on a weekday, later in the evening, this place is dead. There was one middle aged couple dining, and maybe 4 people at the bar. Perhaps it's the economy, but hey, you could've bought 80% coupons like us!
The waiter was very Italian, so perhaps the mannerisms that occasionally seemed rude were just the missing bridge in culture?
The food was the best part of the experience... we ordered clams & linguine, the sushi quality tuna, and a chicken & peppers dish. All three were delicious. (We ate family style, which seemed strange to the server, but we did ask ahead of time, and he said he would "put the dishes in the middle of the table" but then made some comment about "each person" orders a dish and "that's how we do here." Confused by his choice of words occasionally, we brushed it off once the food arrived.
Three dishes split among 4 people was plenty of food, and we didn't have space for dessert. Perhaps we'll visit again with 5 people and 3 dishes, and we'll confuse the server some more and then order dessert.Had dinner tonight at La Buca for the 1st time.  What a great place.  It's in a basement and when you go down the stairs, it's like another world.  Very relaxing and cozy.  Everyone was friendly and makes you feel at home.  Our server was excellent, one of the best we've had in a while.  He was professional and on top of everything.  The food was very good.  Split a buffalo mozzarella app, 2 pasta dishes and 2 desserts (tiramisu and rum cake).  Everything was tasty.  This is the kind of place you don't see much anymore.  It's like a throwback of how solid Italian restaurants use to be.  Makes for an enjoyable meal.This place is great. We love the atmosphere here and the intimate feel. Always a great meal with all of the classics and some fun additions. Seafood is fresh with a great selection. Our waiter, Derek, was fantastic. Derek was very accommodating and personable and made the meal fun. He's a true gem. The malfatta gnudi are to die for - order two! Derek + the gnudi make the trip over the bridge worth it.Every time I go there, it get's better!  After many years of avoiding this place after some awful meals and service, it has been reborn as a really great place.  I recommend the Chicken Buca!  Also the meatballs appetizer is unbelievable - the sauce is thick and hearty!The kids were hungry after a day of sightseeing and this was the closest place that popped up on Yelp. I was a little worried at first going down to the basement, but the lovely murals kept the kids interested. We started with garlic bread, huge pieces that were toasted well and buttery and garlicky to perfection. I loved our older Italian waiter! I had the chicken Francese with linguine and it was the best chicken Francese I've ever had!It is only by the most unusual happenstance that my wife and I found ourselves in this utterly charming, old world Italian restaurant in Washington Square. We were waiting for our car that we turned over to the Penn Medicine valet for an appointment at Penn Neurosurgery when we discovered that the valet who checked in our car had left the key in another vehicle that had already taken off for a destination one hour away from us. They were kind enough to notify the valet of the errant key and thus began our conundrum- stay and wait for the key to be retrieved or take a cab/train back home to West Chester, also an hour away and collect the car the next day. To complicate the decision making, it was raining with thunder and lightening all around us. As we debated what to do, we realized we were standing under the canopy of Ristorante La Buca and so we turned and viewed the menu in the stairway. We made the decision to wait for the key AND to have dinner down below street level  in the grotto of this old world Italian restaurant. What a terrific decision we made! We were the first patrons of the night and were warmly greeted and given our choice of seating. From the impeccable service to the amazing steaks prepared to absolute perfection, we can honestly say that we have never had a more satisfying impromptu dinner - in fact never a more satisfying steak dinner regardless of circumstances! By the time the dessert tray appeared, the "regulars" had arrived and began their dinner service since this is truly a neighborhood gem of an Italian restaurant. All I can say is what a fortunate circumstance for our car key to go missing since we got to experience the exquisite dining pleasure of this most worthy Washington Square eatery.I am writing this review because I was disappointed when googling this restaurant that yelp came up with an average of three stars - I am a big foodie and this is a five star place by far, but I think perhaps people were just expecting something different.
I have be coming to La Buca for 15 years and its still one of my favorite restaurants. The food is classically delicious, nothing experimental and nothing over the top. The wait staff have all been there for decades, the bar is full of locals, it feels fancy and homey at the same time. It just has the perfect old world charm with white table cloths, carts to show the menu options, and picturesque wall murals in the cave-like setting. If you are looking for a romantic venue for a special occasion, a quiet dinner venue for colleagues, or just great upscale simple food, this place will be perfect. Its definitely not scenes - no trendy hostess, loud music, pitch black dining room - but thats why its so great! Its not cheap - but its totally reasonable for a fancy restaurant in Philadelphia and has large portions unlike many other place I go to (and love!). 
Foodies - try the langoustines, the dover sole, or the one of the many veal dishes. If you're not adventurous - the pasta and steak options are simple and fabulous. Either way, they have the best authentic caesar salad in the city! The bar is well stocked and the cocktails are strong. Nobody will be unhappy!!Ristorante La Buca met the needs of our large business group.  However, as much as I wanted to embrace the decor as old school charming, it just seemed tired and past its prime.  The separate room for where we were seated felt like someone's do-it-yourself basement redo from decades gone by.
That said, the staff was very attentive, engaging, and professional which made up, to some degree, for the lackluster surroundings.
I had the bronzino, grilled simply and was able to substitute penne arrabiata for the potato and veg.  I loved my dinner.  The spinach and fennel salad was a little ho-hum---the spinach was tough and fennel a little difficult to manage without lots of intervention from a knife and fork.
Could you find better Italian in Philly?  Probably.The worst food I've had ever! I ordered medium rare filet and it was all burnt outside. The dessert was a disaster. I ordered chocolate mousse. It tastes like chocolate whipped cream. Not mousse at all! Never going back again!I am pretty forgiving and don't review much, but I the experience here deserves a warning to those who read the other reviews and need to know what they're getting into.
I have to say that there wasn't any one major item that was terribly wrong, but the cumulative little things combined to make this a dinner I'd just rather just forget.
First, the setting and ambiance.  The other reviewer was right, it is stuck in a time warp, but not from the 40's or 50's as I'd imagined, more like the 70's, and not in a good way.  It is below grade ("La Buca" translates to "the hole" or "pit," i.e., basement), with ceiling tiles and it is generally kind of shabby. Also, the lighting in the dining room is way too bright. The coatroom had hangers with tickets on them, but it was self-serve.  No big deal. There is a bar up front, where the drinks looked generous, but we went straight to the table.
The service is SLOW, from the moment we walked in we waited to have our reservation checked, and when seated it just took a long time to get everything.  It seemed the servers did a lot of walking back and forth, sometimes with carts to deliver food, but often they seemed to be scampering around with nothing to do.  
The bread would have been good if it were fresh, and when I asked the server for olive oil, he told me all the bottles were being used and they didn't have any others.  This in spite of the two tables nearby whose diners were clearly finished with them, he didn't have the sense to retrieve one.  Ok. 
We ordered a bottle of wine, a nice Gavi for $40, and it was fine.
The food, when it finally arrived, was just ok.  I ordered one of the specials, which included choices.  I had the Caesar salad, penne arrabbiata, and breaded chicken breast topped with prosciutto and mozzarella.  The salad was ok, the penne was not spicy at all, but the chicken was actually pretty good. By the time it got to that course, though, it was too late. My companion ordered the pasta with mushrooms, and the sauce was really bland and not very appetizing.
We left without even waiting for dessert, which was included with the meal.  Just not worth the time, and if you've ever been in a situation like this, you know there's no way a dessert can redeem the meal.  Best to cut your losses and run.
As my dining companion observed, this place is for people who don't know any better, and I can't agree more, especially with all the terrific other options for Italian food in Philadelphia.Quaint little restaurant located just off Washington Square. The atmosphere is comfortable, quite, and old school. The food is old world Italian and its excellent!! I will definitely come back.Soft shell crabs!  Clams Casino!  Straciatella Soup!  Everything was great!  Will be back!The food wasn't great and service wasn't either. Just very mediocre. Dessert was tiramisu, came out frozen. Felt very processed and pre made.My husband and I just returned from our delicious dinner at La Buca.  We went because I had purchased a Groupon but after dining there, we would go back without one.  Derrick, our waiter, made the experience even more enjoyable as he was very attentive and offered good suggestions.  Our appetizers were delicious; I had the eggplant and my husband had the sautéed  calamari.  Our main courses were also great-scallops and veal parmesan.  Even though the restaurant was on the empty side for a Friday night, the atmosphere had an old world charm.  We thought the restaurant was a great new find.This place is....in a time warp. That's probably the best way to describe it.
If you want to be transported back in time to the era of Godfather (not when the movie came out, but the time the movie was taking place), then have a seat at La Buca. 
The waiters wear tuxedos and have accents (real or fake- not sure?) and use a cart with a plethora of fish to explain the daily specials (which I'm betting don't change).
I had the Four Cheese with mushrooms papardelle and my friend had the linguine and meat sauce. I liked hers better than mine, but both were good. 
As for the true Godfather feel, there were 2 gentlemen in the corner quietly discussing backing the new casino Revel...not sure who they were but I thought it added to the gangster feel. lol.Only went because of a groupon. A little dark. I had veal de buca. Veal with asparagus and crab meat. Wife had scallops. Veal was good but the cream sauce was salty. Scallops were a good size but had no seasoning! Drinks were large and very good, but $41 for 2 grey goose and tonic and one old fashion is a little much. Dessert was good. Total was $140!! I saved $24 with the groupon, thank God. Will not be stopping back.Gotta write again about this place.  It's a gem and a throwback to old school Italian.  Service is great and the food is solid.  You don't see many places like this anymore.  The cherries they top their cheesecake with are amazing.  Hope it's here for a long time!I went here with a group of five for dinner. First of all, the wine list was outdated & the wine we asked for wasn't available. Not a big deal, but I don't know why they haven't taken the time to update the menu.
Anyway, we all agreed our food was delicious, but the staff was rude-- sighing and complaining about our questions & our payment (we were using a coupon & a credit card...it's not that difficult). Our group works in food service so we weren't being picky or rude. We're in our mid-twenties and the other parties were all much older, so maybe that was it, I don't know.
If you make me feel unwelcome, fine, but I won't be going back or recommending the place.I love to eat at the bar.  I have come MANY times over the past decade here.  I've mostly enjoyed the food and service, but now that the longtime bartender is gone, it's so much BETTER!!!!!  I look forward to coming back more often!!!!!!!!  The previous bartender had an interesting way of calculating the bill........................Great little spot in the basement on Washington Square.  Takes you back a few decades. Traditional and fresh Italian... Many dishes homemade.  I recommend sitting at the bar area unless you are looking to order the whole branzino ( which is delicious).  Don't expect fast service, but do expect God people watching and tasty food.  They also have a Gluten Free pasta option!  Love the Broccoli Rab e hereOld Italian place that caters mostly to repeat, local customers. Staff were very friendly. Decor was pretty tired and a little stale. For the price, there are many better Italian restaurant offering more inventive and creative cuisine choices. Most of the daily specials are simply prepared with olive oil and lemon, which is nice when it's done right, but it's also boring.The decor of this place is a hoot and one should experience if for that alone.  It is refreshing to eat in Center City in a place that is not loud and trendy.  But, the food is really inconsistent. 
I have been twice to this restaurant.  The first time I wanted to lick the sauce off my plate.  I had fantastic swordfish that was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Super fresh.  5-star experience.  The second visit I ordered the same item and it tasted like something my grandma would have made: canned olives and a sauce that tasted like a McCormick jar sauce.  Not good.  Tasted institutional.My BF is a NYC full Italian and super picky and he LOVED his linguini with clam sauce here. I'm a Texan and grew up around lots of steak. This was top 3 steaks I've EVER had. Not ONE chewy or fatty bite. Melted "like butta" in my mouth. I had the 6oz filet and my friend who had the 9oz said the same about loving it. Chocolate mousse was so thick and creamy with tiny flecks of real chocolate in it. I almost died of sheer pleasure right there. Presentation is a little basic but who cares when it goes down so good. Service-stellar. Ambience-quiet-warm-great place to catch up with old friends. Not chic- but thats kind of it's throw back/"old world" charm. Restrooms- clean. Prices SO reasonable which we working class people really appreciate! Great big wide old wooden bar that looked fun to sit at if you're up for just drinks. GO HERE! GO!!!Had a great dinner with my wife and friends. Yes the decor is old and needs updating but the food was very good, we all enjoyed it and the prices are decent. One of the better Italian dinners we have had in some time and was a great beginning before seeing Jersey Boys at the Forest.  We will be back!I came to this restaurant last night with my bf because we had a groupon. It was an interesting restaurant, old Italian feel, wait staff were interesting (we had Derrick and loved him), the clientele was mostly older folks. They bring fish specials around on a cart which I thought was nice. Our clam and mussel app was really good and both our entrees were good too. We got Italian rum cake for dessert which was so good I am still thinking about it today. Overall this is a nice restaurant with good food. Glad groupon brought us here.I love every single part of our meal from start to finish. The olive oil alone would make me come back to this restaurant. The staff was so friendly. Everyone had a thick accent which added to the charm. My sister absolutely ADORED the fact that you had to walk down those brick steps to get into the place. It was a bit dark for my liking, but no amount of light would have changed the experience we had. They sang happy birthday to my sister, and the other guests in the restaurant joined in. It was just food after food after food after food. Our table was never empty. The mozzarella is made in the kitchen!!! So blown away by the fresh cheese. And the tomatoes...OH EM GEE. Seriously hands down the best tomato I've ever had. Crab meat was perfect. Veal was overcooked, but still pretty tasty. Definitely old school. Basic, simple flavors. All put together extremely well. And the tiramisu, MIND BLOWING. I've never had it made the way it was made here. And I'm pretty positive it was layered with ice cream (could have been frozen whip, which was also homemade and amazing. The carts for the fish and deserts try to give it an upscale feel, but all the furniture and fixtures are pretty old. Definitely reminiscent of my grandparents home. Got to  meet the chef / owner. Overall a great time. Price wise, a little expensive...$200 for 3 people. But worth every penny.Despite the fresh seafood displayed at the front of the restaurant, I was not necessarily impressed with the final product. We came here for an all-paid-for event, and immediately fell in love with the decor, with the homey-tuscanny-vibey paintings around the walls. However, once the magic of the decor wisps away, what's left is decent, but non-spectacular Italian food, in my humble opinion.
As part of our dinner, we shared some tomato caprese (large cold beef steak tomatoes with bland mozzarella), calamari, a plate of multi-type pasta (which was actually quite delectable) and the swordfish. I have to say that I'm quite particular with swordfish, and unfortunately, I thought my dish tasted a bit...off, and I just couldn't progress after a few bites and took for leftovers. Everything was ok, but alas, no very memorable.We took my parents for moms birthday and were very pleased. We started with clams casino and fried calamari. Enough to share and piping hot.  Dinners were delicious, lamb chops, branzino and 2 stuffed pork chops. Best part was dessert. We don't usually order dessert, but these looked fantastic and tasted even better. Rum cake, bread pudding, and a chocolate dessert with ice cream. We will definitely be back.More like 2.5 stars!! 
Restaurante La Buca is located in the basement of the U Penn/Eye hospital. Street Parking is available or you can park at the Parkway garage on Walnut and 8th ave. This restaurant does validate parking so ends up being FREE! 
It's quite beautiful inside the restaurant, I would've never guessed it's located inside the basement. The owner Abraham was very sweet, there weren't many servers present. I think he was the primary server for most of the tables. 
The prices were quite high and portions weren't as large as I would've liked. Complimentary bread was cold, we had to ask them to warm them for us. For apps, we tried baked oysters, 4 for $14 and eggplant casserole $12, decent but definitely not worth the hefty price tag.
For entree, we ordered chicken parmigiana, chicken Buca, stuffed calamari with crab and chicken piccata. Aside from Buca, entrees were ok, priced at $23+ 
For desserts, we ordered the rum cake and Abraham bought chocolate mousse for my niece. Mousse and cake tasted great but cake looked like it was scraped from a pan. Not impressed.
We spent $143 for our meal and we didn't believe it was worth the value. The quality of the food didn't match the price.Ristorante La Buca is a wonderful throwback to the Italian restaurants of the 1950s.  Regrettably, it is 2011.
The decor of the restaurant itself is terribly dated, and the lighting is either non-existent or entirely too stark.  The furniture could be found at a yard sale or, perhaps, a Long John Silvers and is ill-matched for the prices on the menu.  Regarding the menu, the specials looked delicious, and the offerings are incredibly classic and refreshing in their traditionalism.  I tried the Penne Arrabiata which was acceptable, but it certainly was not something I'd rave about.
La Buca's shining star is its dedicated, warm, professional, and well-spoken staff.  Our waiter was attentive, knew the menu and specials inside and out, and carted out desserts and specials for our perusal.  This was a delightful, classic touch to the standard dining out experience.
I would recommend La Buca with a cautionary note about not expecting to be thrilled with the decor or atmopshere but to be quite happy with the wonderful staff.This place has the potential to be good but seems to be past its prime. My wife and I waited for over an hour from the time we ordered our entrees to when they were brought out to us (granted we had an appetizer, but still). The cart of seafood they roll out to show you the specials of the day was kind of weird, and the service was slow and inattentive. Our pastas were good but by that point we both wanted to get out of there as fast we we could. After a "leisurely" two hour dinner I can say with certainty that we won't be back.My fiancé and I ate here for the first time tonight and couldn't be happier with our decision. The food was delicious (we got the veal marsala & stuffed pork chop special and couldn't decide which was better), the atmosphere was lovely, and the service was prompt and personal. We will most definitely be coming back!really random and not obvious from the outside. Everything we tried (steak, fish, shrimp, dessert) was excellent. Would definitely go back again.Great old world Italian restaurants . Real food , Real italian Waiters , Real Ambiance . 
 I have the Veal Parm with Spinach in garlic and Oil . The table had Bread and real Olive oil , none of that blended crap . Its a little on the expensive side , but worth it . Its a hidden gem. you'll have a hard time finding it, but that is also part of the experience. Bon ApetitoWasn't very impressed. Had a multi-course dinner here, so let me take you through each one.
1) Salad -- Actually pretty good. Big solid hunk of goat cheese made my day, and lack of lettuce!
2) Pasta w/ shittake mushrooms -- The best part of the meal, and even this wasn't absolutely great. It's probably because I like mushrooms. The pasta was cooked al dente. 
3) Chicken cutlet -- Chicken was on the dry side and the sauce wasn't great. It was....so-so. I've had better chicken dishes at home. 
4) Something that was between ice cream and whipped cream. Had to stop 1/3 of the way because it was just way too sweet, and not that great.
So, overall...great service, great atmosphere, but the food wasn't much better than what you could throw together at home.Maybe I should have had fish or maybe they just aren't good with groups? There were about 20 of us. They served a very sad looking Caesar salad that was doused in dressing, and the gnocchi was overcooked, as was my filet mignon. The staff were clueless and inattentive.  Sorry, just telling it like it is. I definitely wouldn't suggest this restaurant for groups, but perhaps as single tables from the regular menu the experience is different.  It is also windowless and in the basement, so not suggested for beautiful spring days.Dinner with friends was amazing. Had mussels for an app with was tasty. Ordered the swordfish for the entree and it was not what I expected. The meat was firm and I would definitely order it again. Friends had the salmon which was cooked perfectly. Service was great as the server showed us a showcase of the seafood they offered. Answered our questions and overall we were satisfied. I would recommend this place for small groups or date nights as it was quite dim inside. Free parking was a plus.I made reservations a week before. When I arrived, they would not let me in the restaurant -- said it was reserved for a private party. They never called to cancel my reservation. The one person on staff there when I arrived was quite rude and told me to go some place else to eat. She refused to make a phone call to inquire as to what had happened to our reservation. I called the next day and talked to the manager. He said he would get back to me. He never called back. Are these people so independent that they don't care about their reputation?It's regrettably located in a basement which can make you feel like you stumbled on a treasure.  Afterwards, it feels like just a few silver coins though. The food is the best part of the experience with authentic dishes that don't rely on the safety net of heavy butter or ton oil. Meals came out fresh with just the right amount of sauce. The waitstaff is understaffed and clearly not trained. Decor is old and a bit run down. All in all though, go for a great meal and forget everything else about the place.I would highly not recommend this restaurant. Service is slow, and the food wasn't worth the money. I came here on a groupon thinking it was good, but it was sub par. I came here before a show, and you should a lot 2 hours with the pace of the service. Overall this place is 5/10If 3 stars is average, 4 is really very good, and 5 is amazing, I would have to say the experience here was below average. I am basing this off of how my party of 9 felt as a whole. First, they were rude when we got there and did not seem to have a record of reservations made on open table. The food was below average overall, and more pricey. The food is both cheaper and better in little Italy or even Maggianos. My pasta dish was ok because it was not something I had before, but it appeared to be in a plate of oil. However, my friends who got staple dishes did not like them. To top it off, they shoved the desserts on our table when showing them to us, and the two desserts we got did not look good. The tiramisu was basically liquid, and 8 of us couldn't finish the small slice of cheesecake. 
They also charged us over 18% tip. It was over 21% actually. We didn't complain since it was only a couple dollars extra per person, but they have to be doing this on purpose.One of the best salmon entrees in the city. The cheesecake is amazing as well.  Great location just off of Washington Square Park.We were downtown for lunch and decided to go to RLB. It is aptly named "the hole "because it's located in a basement. I must say the subdued lighting, and the murals on the brick walls were tastefully decorated throughout. 
We were seated by our server, whom I believe might have been the owner and were offered Italian bread. The olive oil concoction was very Tuscan in nature. 
My friend ordered meatballs in a great tasting sauce and Mary's California salad which included baby greens, cranberries and pears with blue cheese. She loved both.
I ordered the Stracciatella soup I saw recommended in another review. This did not disappoint. Try it, it's excellent .... spinach and mini meatballs in a broth great combo. I also ordered the Mediterranean salad with lump crabmeat and shrimp with Caesar dressing. Mmmmmmm!
Bathrooms superbly clean. A solid four stars.It's so rare to find a great restaurant like this. It's fine service and great food. They bring a fish cart around and prepare some at your table. How often do you see that?
They don't hit you over the head with prices. And they have a Happy Hour six days a week--with a bartender who'll probably remember what you had the last time you were there.Ristorante La Buca is my favorite restaurant.  I especially enjoy the spinach with oil and garlic and the broccoli rabe with oil and garlic as appetizers.  Then I usually select either sword fish or salmon from the cart.  My wife loves the langastinos which are usually always offered from the cart, and a side of spaghetti with oil and garlic is a perfect complement.  We always ask that Tom Daley be our server, the only Irish waiter in this fantastic Italian restaurant.  We have never been disappointed with the food and service at this wonderful dining spot!  We highly recommend Ristorante La Buca!If I could give this place zero stars, I would!!! What a awful experience. How this place is in business is beyond me. My boyfriend and I went here Saturday 4/21 for dinner. I ordered a ceaser salad with crab and it was the WORST ceaser salad I have ever had. No croutons, or cheese. I think the dressing was literally just olive oil and a ton of anchovies blended together it was absolutely disgusting. My boyfriend ordered the salmon. His whole meal was cold, including the salmon which was cold and not at all cooked in the middle. We told the waiter, instead of him apologizing and comping our meal, he was very aggressive and offended and kept stating that they cook their salmon for 15 - 20 minutes and that it was the lighting in the room. After going no where with the conversation, my boyfriend told the guy we will not be back here again. The waiter was extremely angry and cleaned our dishes rushing us out of the restaurant. It was such an awful experience, and I am still so bothered about wasting money on such a unworthy establishment.Good traditional Italian restaurant.  Menu emphasizes seafood, but really everything is excellent.  Appreciate the quiet elegance, but definitely not the first choice for a trendy menu or the see and be seen scene.Very poor service-- there was almost nobody else in the restaurant yet the waitress didn't even come to check on us at all. Felt very unprofessionalAlthough is tries its best, being in a dark cellar makes it hard to look clean.  BUT, the food is good - the service is fine - and it has an 'old world elegance.'  Boris at the bar is a personality who makes the visit memorable.   It's a good standby place for neighborhood regulars.  A great bar around which to hear the latest gossip from the AARP scene (of which I am one).  Gays/str8s mix amicably.This place was very overpriced. We ordered roasted peppers as an appetizer and there were only two peppers on the plate along with some mozzarella, basil, and non-ripe tomatoes. It's still winter so I get that it's not tomato season, but I think a good idea would be to put more peppers on the plate during this time of the year. Our food was alright; my chicken parm was good but I've had better. This is an expensive place... just for the two of us it was $100+. Not worth it to me. I have had better Italian food for a fraction of the price. Also, they should put seasonings and herbs out to mix into the olive oil for dipping... not just olive oil.much better restaurants for the price.  glad we had groupon. waiter reminded us to tip on the pregroupon price (which was unnecessary). unimpressedSoft shell crabs!  Clams Casino!  Straciatella Soup!  Everything was great!  Will be back!  This place has tons of good wine at a price to sell!Came here a month ago with some colleagues for a retirement party, the food was so good! I would definitely come here again. I want my family to taste their delicious food. :)There are times when you are left waiting what seems like forever for your food, but when it arrives the quality of the food makes up for the wait. This was not one of those times. 
It took them almost an hour to take our order, and seemed disheartened when we didn't order any drinks, despite never being given drink menus. They had a whole tray displaying the night's specials, which was never brought over, and once taking our orders it was another 45 minutes before we were served. The food was fine, large servings of (slightly over cooked) pasta and meats in each of our dishes, and probably would have seemed better had we not had to wait so long for it. The waiter never again came back to the table, to ask how the food was or if we needed anything else. 
Yes, we were the youngest ones there, and yes we were dressed like we'd been walking around in the 100 degree heat all day (because we had been), but I heard other patrons complaining about the absense of waitstaff as well, so go figure. The most attentive of the staff was the guy refilling the waters, who also brought us more bread without us asking, the vinegar, fresh parmesan and pepper, and the bill as soon as we asked for it, since we weren't sure if we'd ever see our waiter again. I'd be tempted to give them another star just for him, but...Had a very bad experience here. The waiter was arrogant. The service was very slow even though it was not busy. The waiter overcharged us $200 and charged us too much tax. It was a very expensive horrible experienceLooking forward to this dinner to celebrate various accomplishments. Left with a terrible and dissatisfying experience. Sat at bar for our meal.
Food was good but service awful. Asked for sparkling water just got the bottle with no glass.
Husband asked for water never received. Meal came without fork which took 15 mins to get someone's attention to retrieve. Hard to get anyone's attention for refill of wine or any other requests Asked to speak to owner was told she was to busy to talk. With all the great Italian restaurants in the city. Avoid this one!!!