Great food & very fair prices, plus it's BYOB! I also was able to buy and use a groupon through yelp! Good menu and the food was fresh! :)Uuuummmmm..... I don't even know where to start. 
Would I eat there again? Yes. Would I recommend my friends to eat there? No.
 As a vegan, My options for where to eat are 
limited depending on where I am. So I decided to go with Asian. That's always an easy pick. I didn't want anything too fancy. I just wanted to sit and eat and leave. I got that. What I'm confused about, is whether this place is fast food or not. I mean, that might be a bit of an insult, but I don't know what they were aiming for. 
It was awkward when you first walk in. Do I seat myself? Is someone going to seat me? Do I need to go ask someone? Very confusing. When I walked to the back, a few of the servers smiled, but didn't ask if I needed help or if I needed to be seated. So I'm left standing, awkwardly, among other diners. 
The food was... Meh..... It looked pretty, though. The server was very nice! I liked her, but we only saw her twice. Once when she took our order and second, when she left the check. 
 They were also playing two different types of music. I heard hip hop in one area and some traditional Asian music in another. The place is very tiny so that was super annoying. 
I'd say, give it a shot, but don't have high expectations.Ordered from Grubhub during this horrible snowstorm. Food came w/in 30 minutes!! Super surprising since there are so many people on here that state that it took forever long. I suppose im not surprised it took forever for their delivery - that seems to be my usual experience with Grubhub in general.
Anyway, food is decent. My pad see ewe was a bit salty and massaman curry wasnt as amazing as I've had at other places. Good enough. I can't expect anything more since most places that serve two types of cuisine always semi suck. Thai and Japanese? Just choose one and focus!My first impression of Roe was that it is a really tiny but cute looking restaurant. I wanted to come here because I thought it was great how they have two of my favorite foods...Thai & Japanese. When I walked in I was not greeted with a nice "hello", but with an emotionless and impolite "you can just sit here". The service was extremely slow and it took us forever to get our glasses of water, appetizer and sushi. I ordered tap water, and it was the grossest tasting tap water I've ever tasted. Also, during our dinner, it was difficult getting a hold of someone because I wanted to order tea. Every time an employee walked by, I tried to make eye contact or say something to them but I was simply ignored. Even though this is an overall negative review, their sushi seemed good. But, my review of their sushi probably is not too accurate since they drenched my sushi in brown sauce.This is a small sushi restaurant in the Old City section of Philadelphia.  There are probably about 10 tables which fill the space, which makes for a very cozy experience.  The staff was friendly but not overly attentive.  We had reservations for 7:30 and were initially disappointed upon arrival when they had apparently lost the reservations.  However, we lucked out as the individual I made the reservation with was working that evening and remembered the conversation.  I think the lesson learned was to make reservations in the future through OpenTable.  Once the confusion was resolved, the dinner was actually very enjoyable and the sushi delicious.  Although we had to continuously ask for items we would have thought pretty standard, like glasses of water and plates.  We even had to request the check twice.Wonderful family-run restaurant! Normally would be dubious of places that offer multiple cuisines, but Roe is exactly the place to get great fresh sushi AND a bit of pad Thai for dessert.Stopped by for a light dinner and had the Eagles Roll and the Roe Special Roll.  Both were excellent !  I'd recommend them.  I'll be back!The Thai food here is amazing! I am especially fond of the green curry and the drunken noodles - 4 star spicy, of course. This is a casual, affordable establishment serving super high quality and delicious food, and I have yet to be disappointed. 
A tasty BYOB located right in the middle of old city makes perfect sense. Pregame here with a few bottles of wine from the liquor store (half a block away) before blowing your parents' money at the shitty local bars. I wish Roe was here when I was 21.Our Old City go-to restaurant every time! Small and unassuming on the busy stretch of Chestnut - Roe holds it own amidst the popular shisha spots and bars. I'm never one to notice these things but their plating, presentation and dinnerware are exquisite. After going here a few times, we've settled on our favorite orders:
Seaweed salad to start - tangy, sweet, just the right amount of crunch. 
Followed by the American Dream roll - fresh, affordable, and decently sized. 
Chicken Massaman curry and shrimp drunken noodle as entrees - perfect rice: curry ratio, spicy, chock full of vegetables that do not overwhelm the dish, and they don't scrimp on the shrimp. 
Mochi for dessert - delightfully soft and drizzled with bitter and sweet chocolate. 
Level four spicy can be a little bit much for those who don't eat spicy food frequently but the heat never overwhelms the other flavors and textures of the food.  
Around $55 for all of the above and it's BYOB. Service is fast, friendly and attentive.The curries are pretty good but not amazing. OK casual atmosphere, mediocre waitstaffThe food here is fantastic and very under-priced. Make sure to get the dessert! So good! I had the Banana Tempura and it was amazing. My girlfriend had the mango sticky rice and it was also superb. We've eaten here twice and never been disappointed. The curry is amazing and if you order it spicy (4-star) be prepared to sweat a bit.Super friendly staff! they make you feel at home, their food it's AMAZING! I tried the Papaya Salad with Shrimp, Shrimp Spring Rolls and the coconut veggie soup that is DELICIOUS!! Super recommended!Found a hair in my volcano roll. Almost threw up. The tom kha soup had the weirdest flavor. Not in a good way! When I contacted eat24 (place where I placed the order) and they contacted the restaurant they requested a photo of the hair inside the sushi. I explained to them that I already put it in the garbage can at my job and I was not going to dig inside the garbage can. So I got no refund. And all the food went to waste.  Very disappointed.Love this little BYOB :-)
Very friendly service, cool atmosphere, and the sushi is good.
Can't complain.  I always go for my default vegetarian sushi rolls - veggie, avacado, or sweet potato.  They never disappoint.I had the thai food and I was quite unimpressed. The Tom Yum soup was off--maybe it was the fact that there was tomato in it, something I am used to with this type of soup. The curry was forgettable. Even at the highest spiciness level I felt it was on the mild side.
The ambiance was non-existent. The terrible music selection didn't help either.
On the plus side, the service was great and the waiters and waitresses very friendly and attentive.
I know this place is new and hopefully it will improve over time.What a pleasant surprise!  Located right across the street from the best beer in town (Triumph,) Roe has been open for 2 weeks and they know how to do it!  It has a clean, chic interior (seats around 20 plus a sushi bar) and nice clean restroom.  The server was soooo friendly and helpful when it came to ordering.  The chef came around to each table and was also very cheerful.  When I told him that the wasabi is not hot enough (because it didn't make me cry) he promised that next time, he would have freshly made wasabi.  I'd come back for that alone! hahaha!
My boyfriend and I had miso soup, the golden pop roll (as per the server's recommendation) and a sushi deluxe.  They also brought out a little bowl of kani su to everybody in the place, on the house.  How nice!  The soup was good, the roll was very tasty (asparagus, crab, avocado, cucumber inside, seared salmon and roe on top) but THE SUSHI!  It was so fresh and tender and flavorful.  Especially considering the price, this was one of my best experiences trying out a new sushi joint.  There were 15 pieces and it was only around $22.  The whole meal was $42, I think.  Definitely a great value!  (I think they gave us a discount, not sure why, but thank you!)
Service was quick and attentive, chopsticks were adorable, ambiance was delightful.  It is BYOB.  Come to this establishment!!!  I will sure be back.. :)We were looking for a reasonable restaurant in Old City where we could take the kids. Roe fit the bill. The vegetable sushi was good and they have dumplings, which made the kids happy. I had the Massaman Curry and it was delicious. Others in our party had the Drunken Noodles and Pad Thai, also seaweed salad and Edamame. Everyone was happy, and the price was right. An added bonus were the great and friendly server and manager. Also, they are BYO but you can go next door and grab a beer to bring back and get a 20% discount to boot. No corking fee for wine drinkers. We were very happy and would certainly go back!I ordered through Eat24 (the Yelp delivery app) at 8:30, my order was approximated to be delivered by 9:30. At 9:30, it moved to 10:30, at which point I called the restaurant. A young woman told me it was my fault I didn't receive my order and that I should have contacted Eat24, and that it was "not their problem" and that Roe was now closed and that I had not received my food because Eat24 had not picked it up. I work in the service industry and I understand being busy but a simple phone call after my food sat around for an hour because the eat 24 driver never picked it up from either YELP/Eat24 or Roe would have been nice???!  Perhaps even some hospitality from the restaurant would have eased my frustration too. At the end of the phone call I had no idea if I was going to receive my food and I had to wait on hold with Eat24. Long story, it never came. Still waiting for food to be delivered from ANOTHER restaurant to arrive at 11:30. Been hungry for 3 hours now. Ridiculous on all fronts. I think Ill switch back to grubhub!I stopped in the other day to pick up some Thai to go.  I live in the neighborhood and was excited to find a place that was a little closer than the one I normally use.
Roe seems to be going for a more upscale market.  Inside, the place is tiny but very clean and though I didn't look around too much, the overall effect was a lot more artful and decidedly brighter than most Thai or Chinese places in the city.  The takeout boxes weren't the normal wax-covered containers, but rather plastic boxes.
I do wonder what it will be like eating in that tiny dining room in the winter - the door opens directly onto the street and there will be no place to hide from the wind, and while the containers look more expensive (and probably are) I don't think they're as effective. 
In fact, while these touches are nice--and should be expected of a place that is going for an upscale market--the food is only marginally better than other Thai places in the city.   It all reminded me of bottled water at some clubs which comes in what looks like a $10 faux-glass bottle which runs up the price but doesn't have a discernible impact on the water inside.
Don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with the food.  I ordered red curry and pad Thai.   I was explicit about wanting the curry as spicy as possible - "Thai hot."  The curry was OK, and the ingredients seemed marginally more fresh than other places.  However, the portion was much smaller than I expected (at about the same price) and it certainly wasn't anywhere near Thai hot, or even spicy at all.  The pad Thai was fine too, but again the portion was on the small side.
So, while I can't be overly harsh in my criticism, at least for takeout I'm going to go back to my old place where I got good solid dishes in ample quantities (and spicy when I ask for it), even though they come in a wax-coated takeout box.Good was good for what it is. Delivery was horrible. Ordered food at 725, was supposed to be here at 815, arrived at 9, after I called and they had clearly forgotten about my order. Would never order delivery again.Delicious!
This is a fusion restaurant, which I tend to love. This is my go-to sushi place in Old City. I only live a few blocks away so I eat here quite a bit. I always get their vegetable sushi, which is a good mix of sweet and savory. Their miso soup is good and has these little mushroom things in it that I haven't seen in other miso soup I've gotten. My favorite is their Pineapple rice. It actually comes inside a pineapple! It has saffron and pineapple in it. It's a little bit more mild on taste (verses traditional friend rice) but it's not greasy at all and it doesn't feel heavy the way rice usually does.
Every time I've been here I get one of two women waitresses. I wish I knew their names because they are amazingly sweet! Even when a costumer at the table next to us was asking her questions I would have considered were a bit on the racist side, she handled it well and never lost her composure or politeness (I feel bad I didn't call the guy out on it like I should have).
I've never tried their pickup/delivery, but for in-house eating I definitely recommend it!I've come back to this place for lunch the other day. And it's really tragic that the service is sooo slow. I know this is a small place, and they were kind of crowded that day about (4 other tables), but my co-worker and I waited over 1 hour for our 2 sushi rolls. It's not just us, but unless you get the lunch special, the service is pretty slow.
I REALLY do like the rolls though. They have different varieties and interesting combinations. But my co-worker ordered 2 rolls that should be warm when eaten, but I guess since it took a long time, it was cold by the time it came out. She had the volcano roll.  
The waitress was nice, but the service is slow. I would probably order out next time, because I can't wait over an hour for lunch and then inhale my lunch since i only have an hour lunch. 
MUST TRY; Las Vegas RollWe've been looking for a great Thai restaurant in Philadelphia, and we've finally found one! 
The space is comfy and the service is excellent. Kristina went out of her way to make us feel comfortable and to recommend favorites on the menu. We stuck to our own go-to Thai dishes, Drunken Noodle and Paaneang Curry. Both were perfect (not too oily like so many other Thai places around here). 
We will definitely be frequenting Roe Thai.I went here for my birthday dinner on Saturday, 7/16. AMAZING SUSHI, their coconut shrimp appetizer is probably the best I've ever had, and their Thai tea which I get at any restaurant that has it was perfect. I will definitely be going back!Didn't include wasabi with sushi? F*@# you. Bland pad thai in previous experience. So glad I'm moving to a new neighborhood.Delicious food and incredible presentation of the dishes. Also extremely friendly waiters and workers!! Highly recommend the Thai fried rice.My girlfriend and I went here for dinner on a Thursday night. Brought a bottle of wine (BYOB) and had a good time. She got a spicy tuna roll and eel cucumber roll. The spicy tuna roll was gone before I had a chance to try it so I guess that was good. I had the massaman curry with chicken which I really enjoyed. We finished the meal with their Bali roll, a dessert roll. Definitely something you want to try. Friendly and easy going staff. We will eat here again!Ordered on grubhub, the order took an hour and half to arrive. The restaurant packed the sushi on top of a hot curry. The sushi arrive HOT. Not warm, HOT, disgusting and inedible. The sushi order was ruined and a possible health risk. Get it together.I was in Center City for business and saw this quaint restaurant. I had the drunken noodles with beef. My food was really good. It came with soup and an appetizer. I really enjoyed the spices and it was not too hot. I tasted the spices and liked the combination. The lunch also came with a salad and fruit dessert. It was yummy.Don't filter me, Yelp! I'm a real, happy customer.  I just get very excited about fish....Seriously the best calamari I've ever had! Nice service too and beautiful tasty food presentations :)This place has became my favorite Thai place in Center City. I went here with a few friends the other night and everything was exceptional. Extremely friendly service, the atmosphere was great, and it was all a good time with friends and the staff. The staff is very attentive, but not overbearing. The food was excellent, no complaints at all! Next time I go, I'll try the Thai Ice Tea. :)I came here on a Thursday evening after zahav or zahar or whatever it is had a super long wait, SHOCKER! I knew when my dinner companion refused to give me the wait time in actual units that were quantifiable (kept saying "a drink or two worth of time") that it was bad news. 
I was down for sushi, I've been quite disappointed in my sushi experiences recently. We stepped in and took a seat. I then developed that pit in my stomach that comes on with the realization that there's no drink menu and therefore, BYOB. FML. I'm probably the only person who actually dislikes BYOB because I'm THAT lazy. Luckily they kindly allowed us to venture to a liquor store after placing our order. 
We picked up a beer multipack and returned. This killed some I'm-starving-but-still-waiting-for-the-food time. We ordered a veggie roll, avocado, sweet potato tempura, and Mory got some like california roll or something. We also ordered edamame (ugh, classic). We were considering ordering something else but I was in the mood to save room for dessert. 
The sushi was actually displayed in a very visually pleasing way. There were like all of these fucking things flying all over coming out of the rolls. The california roll was drizzled in this delicious looking sauce. Don't you jsut fucking love sauces??? 
Other than its physical appearance (nothing else really matters in life, amiright?) it was really tasty as well. A few times I dunked with a drop too much force into the wasabi and my sinuses were going to explode. I often wonder whether or not my inner struggle in these circumstances is visible and clearly it is because while I thought on the outside I was just quietly listening to Mory and dying on the inside I was apparently dying on the outside also bc Mory was like mid-sentence, "holy shit, are you ok?" Classic. 
Edamame was classic edamame. 
I left the pieces with the shit flying out all over for last. Upon visualization I honestly wondered whether or not I could fit that whole shit in my mouth. As it turns out: yes, yes I can. 
Mory has been trying to introduce me to chocolate mochi for a while and again they didn't have it here. I went with fried ice cream instead. Absolutely fucking delicious but how can you go wrong with ice cream that's fried.
Pretty good, I'd come back.Mehhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Ordered from here on Grubhub. The driver accidentally switched my order with someone else's, so I had to wait for him to come back, which wouldn't have been a huge deal if the food had been decent, but...
Also, it seemed slightly odd to me that the delivery guy took the food from me when it had been in my possession for a full half hour. I totally could have poisoned it or something. I'd never do that, but I'm just sayin. Seemed like a bit of a liability.
Onto the food. We got an order of chicken fried rice, spring rolls, a spicy tuna roll, and a spicy salmon roll with avocado, both with brown rice.
The sushi came with white rice instead of brown, which is a huge pet peeve of mine when I'm trying to trick myself into thinking that I'm being semi-healthy. The sushi was by no means the freshest I've had. The chicken fried rice was dry and really lacking in that delicious MSG flavor that I've come to know and love. The spring rolls were pretty decent.
Overall, I was disappointed enough by this meal to immediately gorge myself on cold pizza after, so, yeah. Not a fan.Visiting Philly with my wife and kids for the weekend. Staying in Penns Landing and was looking for a good BYOB. We love the meal and service at Roe! We all had Thai dishes and they were excellent. Service was fast and very friendly. Next time we visit Philly, Roe will be part of the visit.DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE AND DEFINITELY DO NOT PLACE A TO GO ORDER!  We got the chicken red curry and vegetable pad thai.  The chicken curry was way under portioned for $10 besides the fact that it was absolutely flavorless.  The pad thai was rubbery, stuck together and had this very powerful lime flavor.  We also ordered sushi which was not good either.  Tuna sashimi was slimy and smelled like it was not fresh.  Best part of this whole experience was that I called to talk to the manager before writing a review.  Don't bother.  He was an unprofessional businessman who just felt the need to argue with every comment I made.  I guess when you have an answer for everything you end up with a below 4 star average.  I own a food business and when a customer complains you don't argue, you remake the order or give a coupon toward the next order.  Go to Circles and don't even bother with this poorly run establishment.Stopped here for lunch after getting my passport. Decided with the Hawaiian roll which was really good and came with 10 pieces of sushi which is more than I usually expect. The mango in the roll was fresh and everything tasted good together. 
Then in the menu we saw the pineapple fried rice in the pineapple bowls so we had to get it. We opted for the shrimp pineapple fried rice. Omg it was so good. The shrimp was not over cooked and there was so many sweet and savory flavors going on at once. Would definitely recommend this place.Always enjoy the sushi there. The seafood is fresh and the combination of items are GREAT!  Such a hidden gem!  
Is also helps that the wait staff are so nice!  Small venue and great food. MmmmmmmWorst experience ever! I ordered a Lunchbox which cost more than 15 dollar. It came with one dumpling with really dry meat in it and a little curry. I chose shrimp in my green curry so I had to pay two dollars more. Even if I paid more money, I got four pieces of shrimps and little amount of curry on the bottom of a small box. I am wondering if I didn't get shrimp what will  be in the box. Only a little bit of vegetables in little amount of curry sauce.?Dishonest business. Worst customer service ever. It was the receptionist's fault that she didn't tell me earlier that my address is 3 miles away from their restaurant when I ordered the  food. After waiting for more than half an hour, I was expecting a phone call that asked me to pick up the food downstairs. However, she called me to pay 3 dollars extra or they will not deliver me food.
Bad customer service. I called the restaurant and reported the problems to the receptionist.She didn't feel sorry at all.  She said that the lunch box is what it should be. It is because I am a first time customer that I don't know that. Yes! It is my first time to order their food ever and also the last time ever.I've never been adventurous enough to try authentic Thai food, but I'm glad that I tried some at Roe. The green curry is absolutely amazing. Flavorful, creamy and just the right amount of spice. Don't miss out on the sushi rolls, either! They're yummy :)
The people here are really friendly and work hard to please their customers. This restaurant is a great place to visit if you want to get away from all the hustle and bustle.This is one if Old City's best kept secrets. I've been to Roe about six or seven times now and have always had a great experience. Their sushi is excellent and fairly priced for the area. They even have a 20% off deal during "happy hour." I highly recommend their volcano roll. The waitresses are very friendly - prefect for the small, intimate atmosphere. Now that I live close by, I plan on becoming a regular.My party had a great experience at Roe. Kristina was extremely accommodating for our group: as our number of people fluctuated from 40 to 20 and back to 32 on the afternoon of the event, she was always flexible. She planned a wonderful four course meal for our group that had plenty of options. Everyone felt like they were getting a special meal. 
The food was wonderful, the sushi was very fresh and the pad thai was a highlight. We really enjoyed the mochi ice cream as well. The chef did a great job of preparing the menu and the service was attentive and friendly.
Kristina allowed our party to take over the entire restaurant which I really appreciated. The price-fixed menu was very reasonable. I look forward to returning to Roe in the future.Great delivery. So far best sushi delivery I have had in this neighborhood.  Will definitely order again.  Tried hot appetizers, and a bunch of different rolls.just ordered the red curry with chicken and the ricotta cheese and crab dumplings.
delivery time was about a half hour to 45 minutes. which was fine.
The portion size compared to other places was SOOOO small for the red curry which didn't come with much rice either.  On the upside though the food tasted fresh and amazing and they made the curry very spicy like i requested.  The dumplings were pretty good.  
The portion sizes should definitely be bigger for the price.  But I enjoyed it and will most likely order again.  Have not tried the sushi yet and am anticipating it.
delivery guy was friendly.Amazing sushi! Decently priced for old city, BYOB, small and intimate, friendly people. Will definitely go back.I've only tried takeout, but the food has always been impressive.  Waitstaff is very attentive and I Iook forward to trying out the BYOB option for dinner.  Until then, takeout for lunch on a weekday is a great value.Last night I ordered some food from Roe Thai via Grubhub, and I probably won't ever order from here again. I should've known better, since most places that attempt to do two separate types of cuisine (like Thai and Japanese) are very rarely any good. Service was fine, though. From ordering to delivery it took about an hour. 
I ordered the vegetable Roe Yaki Udon, which was listed as one of their "chef signature hot dishes." Admittedly, I interpreted that as meaning it would be spicy, so I was extremely disappointed when it arrived and it had zero spice whatsoever. The noodles were salty and greasy, and the tofu was in such small pieces that it was difficult to taste it. The portion definitely wasn't worth $10.95, either. 
Maybe this place is better if you get sushi, but if you want Thai there are definitely better places to go.Delish! I am not a total Thai foodie, but this restaurant has some dishes that look appealing. I arrived at my hostel pretty late, so a lot of the places only had take outs. However, this place was still open, so I was able to eat inside. I ordered the vegetarian Pad thai and was totally satisfied. Nice portion size, and packed with flavors.  I was also alone in the restaurant, so the service was excellent. My waiter was pretty attentive and made sure my glass was filled with water all the time.
Overall, a pleasant experience.Tiny place with a great staff. The two servers were super friendly. The sushi was well made if not huge. And the prices were incredibly reasonable: sashimi or nigiri for $3-5 a piece with rolls from $7-15.  Seven of us ate our fill and the bill was only $180.  That's incredible for a restaurant in Olde City.This little hole in the wall in Old City is me and my mans go to when we want sushi/sashimi. Much better than any of the other trendy restaurants like Sampan and Buddakhan. I agree with another reviewer, the 3.5 stars does not do this place justice. The chicken pad thai is the best pad thai I've ever had. Roe never disappoints and makes me never want to try another over-hyped Asian food joint in philly again. :)Good sushi. Fresh and tasty. Great service. Small cozy place. Seaweed salad was delicious as well.I gave it 2 stars because the curry I got was great, and my friend seemed to enjoy the philly but the service was pretty bad.  We didn't get our water until 15-20 min after we sat down.  We asked once for water but had to ask again.  Then the food took what seemed to be 45 minutes after we arrived to reach our table.  My friend ordered some sashimi over rice which took longer than my curry to come out.  The service just seemed peculiar and slow.  The staff didn't seem very attentive to the needs of the customers.  I am sure I can find better sushi or curry somewhere else.  So probs not going there again.I can't believe I haven't left a review for Roe until now! The current ratings do not give it justice. It's my favorite sushi and Thai spot in Philly. Really well priced , BYO, and super friendly staff! Definitely recommend them!Terrible experience, mediocre food.
Disclaimer: I ordered food for delivery, so maybe the in-restaurant experience is better. 
Placed an order at 7:30 through Grubhub - delivery originally estimated for 8:15pm, then changed to 8:40 upon completing the order. At 8:35, the restaurant called to tell me the updated delivery time would be at 9:15. When I asked to cancel, they said that the food was already cooked and that they couldn't cancel (I paid via credit card). Ok .... so I waited.  Upon arrival at 9:20, the receipt read that the food was ready at 8:23.
So, for an order I placed at 7:30:
- I finally received the food ~2 hrs later at 9:20
- at which point my food had been sitting around for ~1 hr ....  great 
- and the restaurant lied! I called Grubhub, and they said that the restaurant should have accepted cancellations, especially since the food was just sitting around 
Needless to say, the food was cold and soggy.Delicious! So far the best sushi delivery I've had in south Philly!! I got the dragon roll and the volcano roll. I've also had miso soup, spicy soup, and shrimp pad Thai there. Yummy!!!! If someone thinks there is a better spot let me know! It will be tough to beat this place!I feel like the day I went here for lunch, was just a bad day for Roe in general, which may have resulted in this 3 star review. 
The waitress was really great. I went during my lunch hour with my friends. I guess my first mistake was not telling the girl that I was on my lunch break, but with how everything happened, I don't really think there was any excuse.
When we walked in, there was another table already there. This is a pretty small place, it has about 8-10 tables. We sat down, and we were greeted by our waitress. She was so nice, and very sweet. My friend went with the thai lunch special. My other friend and I both ordered something to start with. I got the avocado salad and she got the Miso soup. It came out pretty fast. Then the waitress said that she put in our order of 2 special sushi rolls so that it would come out at the same time with my friend's thai lunch special. My avocado salad and my friend's miso soup came out. We were pleased with them both. 
Then, that's where everything went downhill.. at this point we have already been at the place for about 15 minutes.
We waited and waited. My friend's thai lunch special came out and the waitress said that our sushi rolls would be out shortly, which was fine. We are a patient group and we aren't bothered by much. 30 minutes later, she said that it would be out shortly again. At this point, a bunch of people have come in and sat down. Every time she brings out sushi, I think it's our order but instead she walks over to another table and hands it to them. Now, the couple other tables had simple sushi such as spicy tuna rolls and etc, but we've been waiting for a long time for our food. It's also nearing the end of my lunch hour, and I get up and ask for my roll to be packed to go. She then tells me "oh, I was about to bring it out to you"
I had to pack my sushi to go to eat at the end of the day, and it was just not as good. I left my friends there to finish their lunch. The waitress did give me a discount on the food for the trouble. She was very apologetic and said that the orders got mixed up in the back. I understand it wasn't her fault, but the food shouldn't have taken that long to come out whether or not I was on my lunch hour. I just think they were having bad luck that day. I paid with my credit card and found out I was charged in different amounts. Turns out their credit card machine was acting up. 
I'll be back to give this place another chance. Everyone's entitled to a bad day.Ahhhhh...... Where to start. I think the sushi was rotten.... The driver told me to come outside and meet me a block away.... And I'm still hungry even after eating two entrees. Portions are small.We had planned to eat somewhere fancy like Amada but at the last minute opted for something simpler. That's when we stumbled across Roe. 
Now normally I would run a mile when a restaurant does fusion. It's like they don't know who they are. Roe is a mix of Japanese and Thai.
But I tell you, you can't judge a book by its cover. The food here was top notch. My partner had the Japanese lunch and the sashimi and sushi rolls were made fresh and were super tasty. 
I went with the Thai menu and it didn't disappoint either. 
It's a small space but the food was great. I'd definitely go back.The sushi was DELICIOUS, the soup was amazing, the service was fantastic. 
I ordered the Steak Roll - not your typical sushi but it was out of this world, my guest ordered the Kiss of Fire roll and we both loved that as well. We brought our own wine and they gave us 20% off for dining-in so it was beyond reasonable. Great little place!! Highly recommendedI work right by here and we often get take out.  They have a great lunch special and the food is always pretty good and very consistant.  Their coconut soup is one of my favorites in the city.  Also, don't pass up the drunken noodles.We visit the old town each year for a weekend. We walked around stopping at and talking about our normal stops while in the neighborhood. As we walked on Chestnut, we notice a 'new' place since our last visit....Roe. 
Wow, just what we were looking for (or not looking for but glad we found)! A small, nice, clean and very friendly place!! I had sushi rolls and Steve had a Thai dish. We were both more than pleased with the food, service and price! Delish!! The only thing I wish we'd have known, and we know now for our next visit, is the BYOB!! Next time, a nice bottle of wine will tag along with us!!
I highly recommend Roe to all visitors as well as the locals! The place is small, not for larger groups of people. Can't go wrong with Roe.Don't order from here if you aren't close. They have a 4 mile delivery radius but send their delivery man out on a bike.
Our food was 30 minutes past Grubhub's promised window, and the delivery guy had to call me 4 times because the printout they gave him with directions was unreadable.
The red curry was spicy enough to be inedible.
UPDATE 8/1: The owner of Roe just called my cell phone to yell at me for this review. Then he hung up on me.So disappointed . Waited over an hour for the food. Both dishes ( drunken noodle and pad thai w chicken) was super bland and oily. The Asian member of my eating team agreed the dishes had been cooked incorrectly and not seasoned properly. Don't order thai from here.Ordered from here on Valentine's night, my order was never delivered and they told my multiple times that i would receive my order within 10 mins that the driver is on the road. Ordered at 1030 and nows its 1:30am, no answer from the restaurant and no other place is open and if they would of just told me that they did not deliver it i would of got food somewhere else. but no, they lied to me numerous times and now its too late to order from somewhere else.I like their coconut soup & pad thai.  It was tasty! The sushi was good too, their specialty rolls are saucy.I don't come here without getting the green curry. Seriously. It's so so good. It might be helpful to know that there are four levels of spiciness in the restaurant's curry. The red curry here is less spicy than the green one, so if you're looking to set your tongue on fire, go for the level four green curry. But if you're here for sushi, I highly recommend the Golden Pop roll! 
Consistent good food, and friendly service. Do yourself a favor and drop in by Roe today!I come here with my wife for dinner on the weekends. Great sushi and appetizers. Never had a problem with waiting for a table and the service wad good. It is BYOB, so be prepared if you want a beer or some wine. The location is in a great part of philly. Nice to eat sushi and people watch.Never ever ever ordering from here again. 
We just got our food over an hour and a half after ordering. It said it was on its way here over an hour ago, which was clearly not true. We called and they said it should arrive shortly. The incompetent driver told us he was here and when we went down to meet him he was MIA. We called him and he said he was there. Then we stood outside and told him he clearly wasn't here yet. We waited an additional 10 minutes outside in the cold waiting for the driver. 
The food was horrible too. The sushi I ordered was mushy and came with a weird pink exterior wrapper. It was supposed to have seaweed and didn't. 
The drunken noodles my husband ordered were cold and flavorless. There was no sauce. It just tasted like red bell peppers, which was basically the only vegetable it included. The Tom yum soup tasted like lightly flavored water with tons of undercooked mushrooms, again basically the only vegetable in the soup. 
Horrible.We have purchased two Yelp deals for Roe and we love it. The place is always empty, but we don't care. We love the sushi and the miso soup, and this past visit we had the salad, which was excellent. The service is always friendly and they remembered us the second time. Everything was fresh and we had a great time. Next time you're in Olde City, check this place out.I thought this was great sushi and dumplings! I thought the ingredients were fresh and the space was clean. Definitely coming back!Average but I mean all of it ... it is just average 
Too bad the potimtial is there 
should be run as a business and not a family jointMy favorite sushi spot! 
I usually order from here and I am always pleased with the timing and with my sushi! 
I happened to go there tonight and was treated my very friendly staff! 
California roll and crab tempura is my favvv and they make the sushi right in front of you in less then 10 minutes! 
Best sushi in phillyThey had a really good waitress service. The food was really good. I would recommend getting the calamari appetizer. I think it depends on when you go that affects the service of the establishment.Ew. I couldn't even eat the drunken noodles because they smelled like an infected wound and were slimy and disgusting! I love Thai food and have had this dish hundreds of times elsewhere, and this is hands down the worst. Shouldn't even be allowed to sell these and call them drunken noodles. Stay away.This place is awesome. Best Thai in Philadelphia. Also try the volcano roll if you like tempura and sushi. Simple atmosphere, byo. Clean and very reasonably priced. Excellent!Ordered delivery though Yelp app. The restaurant deleted my order for no apparent reason and I did not receive a email or call telling me so... So either  they didn't want to delver it just 4 blocks away,  the Yelp delivery app sucks or the restaurant does...Wonderful setting in a neat part of town with old cobblestone streets and historic buildings. A great menu offers many options from sushi to Thai. I started with the Fantastic roll which was super tasty and fresh. I then had the green curry with chicken which was just as good with the perfect amount of spice. Great presentation and helpful friendly service make this small restaurant an excellent choice for lunch or dinner!The sushi here is gross. And the prep table and kitchen do not look very sanitary. They had a roll of paper towels on top of the dish they pulled out to put our food on. Even though there was only one other table in the restaurant. It still took what seems like a while to get our food. Mostly because some guy kept coming out of the kitchen to yell at the cook it was preparing our Meal. 
There used to be a sushi place two doors down called zento. Not sure why they closed. They were great and always packed with people. Wish they would come back because there are no other sushi places in the vicinity except for this one.I happened to walk past Roe on my way back to work after a midday appointment and decided to give it a try for lunch (takeout).  I was very disappointed.  Maybe I should have realized something was up when I walked in and it was completely empty.
It was very expensive, for one thing.  I gave it two dollar signs on this review because of the Yelp guidelines, but I believe for lunch, it would be more fair to give it three.  The "lunch special" that includes two rolls of your choice and a Miso soup (the only soup they offer) was $15!!!  I ordered a spicy salmon roll and a tuna roll with cucumber.  Even though "tuna roll with cucumber" was on the menu of rolls you could have with your lunch, I got charged extra for cucumber.  Okay, it was only $.50, but come on, know your menu.
I will say this much, before I get to the food -- the female server who took my order (who I think was the manager) was very friendly and made a point of asking my name and then confirming that she knew it.  That's the kind of thing that makes you want to go back to a restaurant again -- when the food is decent.  Also, the sushi was made quickly (but that's kind of typical for sushi restaurants where they make the sushi fresh for takeout, so...) and it was very fresh.
The food was unfortunate.  First of all, the Miso had the consistency of watered-down glue.  There were some very creepy-looking sprouts in it that were gummy and unappetizing.  And I was not given any soy sauce for some reason, even though there was ginger and wasabi with the sushi, so I had to eat the sushi plain.  It basically had no flavor, but I wasn't going to throw $15 in the trash.  
The other reviews seem to be pretty recent, so maybe the place just opened over the summer and this is all growing pains?  I might give it another try, now that the sushi place closer to my office is closed, but if I do, it'll probably only be because I'm tired of the other options that are nearby.I've been looking for good sushi in Old City and a relatively low price...nothing fancy. I tried Roe and was pleasantly pleased with my sushi rolls. They were larger than most rolls and extremely fresh. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because I thought they were a little pricier than average. Some of the higher end sushi spots in the city don't charge as much as Roe did  ($7) for my favorite Spicy Tuna Roll. 
I would definitely come back and try it again!