This pizza is as good as nyc pizza shop. Growing up in nyc believe me this is awesome thin crust cheesy pizza pies. Nothing more to say.Unacceptable. I'm not sure if this was just an off day or what, but I believe the only excuses for serving customers reheated (not made-to-order) pizza is if 
1) you're like Little Caesar's and are charging $5 per pie, or
2) people are buying pizza by the slice
I placed my order for a 16" whole pie as I was starting to head over to the pizzeria. Lady on the phone said it would be ready in 20 minutes, but I got there early anyway. Within just 6 minutes after I had placed my order, my pizza was already on the rack and ready for pickup. I was surprised, almost shocked even and tried very hard to make sense of the pizza box in front of me. "Did they mix up my order?" or "Did I fast forward in time?". I don't know what kind of rapid-rise formulation these guys used, but raw dough should require more than 5 minutes to cook. 
Needless to say, the lukewarm cardboard box was setting me up for disappointment as there were numerous telltale signs of pizza gone wrong. Crust was super dry with some charred spots, cheese was alright, and the dough was chewy and cold. This time around, they were very stingy with the cheese and the sauce. Was not worth the 14 dollars.
I had ordered from these guys before, and received a pizza that was freshly baked straight from the oven. Cardboard box was scalding, dough was crispy yet tender inside. Perhaps the main pizza guy was unavailable or they were understaffed, but I would never see that as a reason to serve a customer reheated pizza.Hands down the best pizza in Roxborough. They are still successful after only accepting cash and no delivery.. they must be doing something right! Whenever I want pizza, I always order it from here. The inconvience of having to pick it up myself is incomparable to the delicious consistency that is Roma's. :)Though it varies in quality, Roma's generally is a good pizza place. I've been going there for over 20 years and have tasted the ups and downs of its empire. If you don't mind wafting through dingbats from time to time, the pizza ain't bad at all.Just tried Roma's tonight for the first time, because my boyfriend and I are on the hunt for the closest pizza to what we love getting in NYC. The cheese was so delicious and the sauce was perfect! We will definitely be repeat customers from now on.I  live by this place I die this place. I am new to Roxborough I was craving a good old fashion Italian made pizza. You know the one with the dough is rolled and tossed by hand with the flour still on the bottom. The sauce is freshly made and the mozzarella cheese is real cheese(none of that processed junk) it stretches when you bite it  These days it is hard to find a good pizza. Well I had to look no further, this place was actually recommended by my co-worker. She is born and raised Roxboroughian. LOL so I trust her, she lead me to the grace land with this place. Everything is so fresh, gooey and hot. I am a pepperoni girl and they are far from stingy with the toppings. I order pizza once a month for my  family. This is our new favorite pizza place. Dominios, NAH, Papa Johns WHO, Pizza Hut WHAT. They have nothing on them. The only downside they only take cash so no debit or credit. Hey its worth tapping MAC.Great pizza made by hardworking, quality-focused and customer-focused staff and ownership. I love coming here. It's no wonder they've been in business as long as they have!Now I would give this place five stars based on the pizza alone. The pizza is so fresh and gooey and great that it ranks right up there with the best. They come in one size and it's large, the price is also unbeatable, a regular pizza is $8.25!
That said, I tried the stromboli and it was eh the first day. It was also irregularly shaped in my opinion, like a long roll, or maybe I've been getting it the wrong way all this time. Who knows? 
The second day out the fridge and microwaved was alot better than the first, I have no idea why. 
Also, this place is closed on Sundays like most places in Roxy. Eh well.The pizza here is pretty good.  We are originally from N. Jersey and are pizza snobs. However, for the Philly area, the pizza here is pretty good.  We usually call ahead and pick up.  The pizza  is usually ready when we get there and still hot.  At $11 for a regular pie they're priced competitively.As a transplanted New Yorker who had the misfortune of living in northwest Pennsylvania for four months it is indeed a happy thing to be in Philadelphia and be able to enjoy real pizza. I would give Roma's more than three stars if they served garlic knots and calzones. But even without those two items on the menu Roma's is definitely worth a visit.Far and away, the best pizza place in Roxborough.  I am originally from NY, so I know what NY pizza is when I taste it. So, when I am in the mood for some authentic pizza slices, I go there and get it.  And has the right decor, like most pizzeras, a no-frills, basic look.
Service is super friendly. Prices are good.  Go there when you need pizza.  Only bummer is it is closed on Sunday, but hey, they're human like us, got to take some time off.I'm a huge pizza snob and after reading and hearing rave reviews about Roma's. I finally got a pie, half cheese/half pepperoni, from here today and I was not at all disappointed. The crusty was nice and chewy, the sauce great and cheese great. It definitely fits the bill of one of the best pizza places in Philly. 
The service was very friendly and the place was bustling for a Saturday at dinnertime. I look forward to coming back here and trying out a slice of Sicilian.
So if you're a pizza snob too or just want great, quality pizza, I highly recommend Roma's.Some of the best pizza around, my little guy loves the pepperoni pocket.  This is a must stop place for us when heading to a game.  Cash only so be prepared.At this point I've tried just about every pizza shop in the Manayunk/Rxobrough area, and although it's the closest to my house, I've waiting too long to actually revisit.  Just judging this place on the pizza alone it is awesome.  First off, it's a large pie, and I mean large pie 18'' for under $10.  After taxes for a large plain cheese is nine dollars and change.  Now this is the standard thin crust new york style round pie.  Good sauce, really floury white dough.  Cooked adequately, but where this pie excels is in the cheese.  If you love cheese this is the pie for you.  Overlfowing with cheese.  I highly recommend!Great pizza.  All the ingredients are homemade and it shows.  Crust has great flavor.  Sauce is rich, perfect balance and ohhhh so tasty.  Excellent quality cheese.  My wife and I drive to Roma's from the suburbs for our pizza fix.  I've spent a ton more on Pizza all around the city but I've not had any better than Roma's.They definitely make my favorite slice. My family has been getting pizzas from Roma's for years and have never been disappointed. Tonight I decided to change things up and order a white pizza with spinach, tomatoes, and ricotta. I think I've found my new favorite pie. I've always thought a pizza place is only as good as their regular pie, which Roma's has perfected, but if you are up for something different try my new fave out. They always have my food ready in 20 minutes, I have never had to wait. Take note they are CASH ONLY. This is the best pizza I have ever had. If you like a doughy crust and simple ingredients, you will not be disappointed.My wife and I are from California and came out to Philly for a vacation and we're blessed enough to stay at a spot across the street from here. Tho this is a pizza spot (which is ridiculously delicious). I want to write about there Philly Cheesesteaks! I tried 4 spots out here in Philly from famous to local and i gotta give the crown to these guys. Meat is tender and delicious, the bread is soft and flavorful! If I ever get chance to spot by Philly again definitely stopping by this place.This place is a gem. Pizza is wonderful. Chicken parm sandwiches are my favorite. Very fresh ingredients. Cash only. Eat here!Whats better than good pizza huh? (Yeah ok THAT , but get your mind out of the friggin gutter) , anyone ????.....good pizza that's cheap .  
Romas is a little place on Ridge ave you can walk by without even noticing, it looks like any small pizza shop in Philly, but the pizza is really outstanding.  
looking at the place you may think "hell with this" , as the place could use some updating, but you'd be missing out . 
one of a handful of places in the area id give 5 stars toVery solid long standing neighborhood pizza shop.  Roma is totally nondescript and easy to over look among the dozens of other pizza shops in the area.  What separates it from many of the others is the cheap price, heavy topping handed, well cooked, simply solid pizza that they put out on regular basis.  While I would never say it's a gourmet pizza or the best pizza I've ever had, there is something to be said for having that good neighborhood pizza spot, similar to that good take-out Chinese spot.  It fits that necessary spot when you are having that craving.  As a side note, the tuna hoagie and chicken cheesesteak are not bad.Had pizza there for first time today. Was very good. Nice family place, no frills. Got two slices and a soda.  I was in and out in 2 mins. Definitely going to order a fresh pie to go next time.Best pizza in Manayunk/Roxborough, hands down! Cash only but those savings get passed onto you. Their chicken parm sandwich was spot-on until the one I most recently ordered. Still, 1 mediocre sandwich out of dozens of delicious sandwiches over the past couple years is/was hopefully just an anomaly.Previous review was likely an off day. I've visited them a few more times and the crust still continues to amaze me. Recommend trying the white pizza linas special.Everyone who works here is so friendly and the pizza is great! Me and my son go here for lunch all the time. We normally get a large pie rat some there and take the rest home can not beat the prices or quality !Damn good pizza! They do deliver and it's always good. Try the broccoli bites. Sometimes they could hold back on the grease a bit but still good.This is the best pizza place in Philadelphia.Great food and the staff is fabulous.Just wish they have delivery,other than that everything is perfect.Keep up the great work guys.This is the best thin crust pizza in Philly, no question, hands down. The pizza is consistent, the service fast and the staff friendly. I came here weekly for years and they never dissapointed
The price is unbeatable for the quality ($12.50 for a LARGE one topping).
Definitely a place that is meant for take-out.
Cash only but worth having the wallet stocked.Best pizza in Manayunk, and so cheap. The crust is nice and chewy, the sauce is good, and the cheese is amazinggggg. Me and my roommates (fully grown adults with full time salaried jobs) get takeout here probably 1-2 times a week. Pathetic? Healthy? I don't even care. It's so good. 
Ask for your pie well done.Definitely one of the top pizza places in Manayunk - I would put it at top 3 best tasting pizza (honestly I don't know my other top 2 but I eat pizza so much there's gotta be some other good ones).  This is my go-to ordering place though, I always know I'm going to get a great tasting authentic pie.  We usually go for the Roma special and it's delicious.  My husband loves wings and they are quite small here so I can't recommend those, but as far as pizza is concerned this place is AWESOME.  Cash only, and they're not open on Sundays (whyyy is it Sunday I always crave Romas?!).  Great pizza and service, I highly recommend :)Best pizza in Philly - actually all of PA, doesn't quite beat my nj/ny pizza but its close enough.  A large pie is about $10 and its usually not too crowded. Cash only and recommend take outThe best pizza in the 128. Why don't you deliver???  I want delivery,  can't come out in the cold.  Parking sucks at my house.  Great sweet sauce and great dough, nothing else is needed.Good, quick and cheap.  Keep in mind that this place is CASH ONLY.  Only meh I would have is that there is a lot of flour on the bottom of our pizzas but they are good hot and fast.Very consistent pizza. Roma's seems to be a family run business. Whenever I go in they are always friendly. I call ahead first because the end of the week is a very busy time for them. I've never had burnt or overdone pizza from them. My only compliant is that they use A LOT of flour in handling and shaping the pizza dough. The result is the residual left on your hands after handling your slice of pizza. I swear I could make a loaf of bread with the flour left on the pizza. But if you can get past that the pizza is really very good.Best pizza in roxborough and in my opinion philadelphia. Only con is they dont deliver :(We've moved out of the area and Roma's is the standard for all pizza. We've tried to find good pizza out here but nothing can compare to Roma's. They've set the bar high and although we knew it was good, we didn't know how crappy the rest of the options elsewhere were. We now only get pizza when I ride through Roxborough to pick it up.Delicious pizza, made fresh, and just a good old local pizza shop. 
The staff are super friendly.
Has a thick crust but the cheese is heavenly, great for lunch the next day.This pizza is delicious! Hand tossed and a true little ma and pa shop! Ive had pizza up and down main street, ridge ave, anywhere near me in Roxborough/Manayunk and this is one of the best. 
Fresh, fast, super low prices! Wings great too!Best pizza I've had since I've come to Philly. I'm not usually the biggest fan of thin crust, but these guys really pull it off with a good balance of cheese, crust and sauce and the cost of a plain cheese pie (why get NY style any other way?) is extremely affordable.
 There's just one big problem: They don't deliver. This is a big sticking point for me, because when I want a pie it's usually when I've decided on a night in. When you don't want to go out to do anything, driving over to pick up the pizza is less than optimal.Really good pizza.  I have ordered pizza in just about all of the pizzerias in Roxborough.  Roma's is the one I go to the most even though I have to pass other pizzerias on my my there.  Quick, friendly service.  No hassles.  Their one size fits perfectly for my family.   I would like to see more imaginative toppings such as eggplant and broccolarabe.  Highly recommend.This pizza is absolutely delicious. I am so glad I live right around the corner. The crust, the sauce, the cheese....all mouth watering. It makes me happy. The pizzas are big too and the staff is nice. But they don' t deliver :(Roma's is the best pizza in Roxborough. Like all things it has flaws: cash only, no delivery, closed on Sundays, and a dinning section fashioned after a cafeteria. It is also under new ownership and the price has raised a few times in the last few years, but great things don't always go on for ever. Fortunately the flavor of this pie still tastes pretty good in it's own way, so much so I hardly remember the difference after I spice it up. I eat this pizza for it's dough heavy crust, thick gooey cheese, large size, and low price (still below ten). I recommend asking them to leave it in a little longer if you are a crispy crust fan. 
I've tried the stromboli here and the size was as if they rolled their pizza up, which suited me. Very gooey like I like it, but that means grease too. If you know the local parlors it was like a Dantonio's but twice the size. I'll be sticking to the pizza hereGreat local pizza joint, probably the best in Roxborough and Manayunk. They don't deliver, so a good move is to put your order in and have a beer across the street at the Foodery while they make your pie.My favorite pizza in the Roxborugh/Manayunk area!
They only take cash, and parking is tight sometimes, but the pizza is the best i've had so far in the areaI actually walked out after looking at the pizza they had on the counter because I like a thick tasty crust and what I saw was thin but I decided to actually taste the pizza and came later in the day and the pizza I had was the best I had along Ridge ave the crust was thick and tasty so I will definitely be back I just have no idea what happened between 11am and 5pm that made the pizza betterAbsolutely phenomenal pizza. I am from New York and I can honestly say it is on par with what you get in New York. Definitely will be going back again for the $9.95 Large pie.I think this is the best pizza in the City.  My fiance and I have gone to locations all of the city in search of good pizza and we found it here.I agree with Janelle.  Roma's makes their pizza dough fresh everyday - you can smell the fresh bready smell when you're eating your pizza.Let's get the facts out of the way first. I eat pizza like every day. In the morning, in the afternoon, and even in the wee hours of the mourn'. 
Roma's pizza in ghetto Rox is a shining light of quality in an otherwise barren wasteland of depravity and loss of life. If you get lost on the wrong exit of 76 and find yourself on Ridge Ave, be sure to zip on your bullet proof vest and make the effort to eat here, or better yet....get it to go.
The staff is what you hope for in a joint like this: to the point, no small talk. "Food?"  "Yes". "Have a good day".
In Philly, it's either Lorenzos or nothing, but Roma's is a great nothing.This is a decent NY-style Italian pizza.  I ordered two slices (at 11:45 AM so they had not been sitting around.)  On a par with say, Tony Roni's I guess, but TR is five minutes closer and has bigger slices.  I wouldn't go out of my way, but of you are in the neighborhood, it is a reasonable offering.the best pizza in Philly. It is so good you don't even need toppings. I love toppings on my pizza but this is always so good I usually just get plain extra cheese. the only negative side is they don't deliver and it is cash only. Other than that it is as close to New York style as you get in Philly. enjoy!!!!!!This is a true pizzaria. Everytime we get a pie to crust, cheese, sauce ratio is just right, they don't skimp on toppings and it's not overpriced.Great pizza, not greasy or overly doughy like some other places. If you're in the mood for good pizza with no frills, this is you place! Cash only.Best pizza in the Rox/Manayunk area.  I go with a large plain pizza well done every Friday night and it's always great!This is my favorite pizza in the city hands down- this is based on ordering a large pizza- not by the slice.  Not really high on the ambience if you decide to eat in.  Large pizza half plain, half mushroom, tomatoe, and pepperoni- YEAH!!!!I tend to be a pizza snob often called a pizza traditionalist. For the go to  slice or pie, this is the spot. The crust is the right thickness and flavor. The cheese mixture and quality is what you should expect of a pizza and the balance of sweet to salty sauce keeps everything cohesive.
This is a local mainstay and my ideal choice of pizza in the Roxborough Manayunk area.Easily the best pizza in Roxborough/Manayunk. The shop is no frills, with limited seating but the pizza is out of this world. Aside from being the best, it is one of the cheaper pies around. Around 10 dollars for a large.Any time I'm in the area, I stop in for a pizza steak with mushrooms.  These are the best in the area as far as I'm concerned.  I only do take out here though.  The place isn't very comfortable or welcoming.  Sitting there waiting for my food is like trying to rest on a concrete slab.  I really can't speak about any of their other food but definately try the steaks.Excellent pizza. I always get Xtra cheese never had any complaints. I have lived in the area for 26 years and have always gone there.
John HThe best pizza on the planet, bar none. Negative reviews only by people who don't know good food.Best pizza in Roxborough. Hands down. Pizza taste the same as it did 40 years ago. Same owners as well. Highly recommend.Solid option for pizza in the yunk  (well, 'borough really).  Inside is very basic but looks pretty clean.  You can watch all of the pizzas being made.  Service has always been standard or above, and I've never had to wait long for a slice.
Cash only!Solid. Nice owners. 
I tried Roma's after hearing the owner stand up for New Ridge Brewing on a Central Rox Community Assoc meeting and welcoming them to the block. I thought that was so nice I just had to give them my business. 
Pick up only and cash only! As a first timer, I asked about delivery, which completely perplexed the woman who thought maybe I had the wrong place.  
Upon arrival, there were a few other people waiting. I was in no rush, but it is quite close quarters during COVID, so keep that in mind for your timing.
Pizza was tasty. Will certainly be back.The pizza was well priced (under $10) but the quality was also cheap. If you like your pizza "well done", with a crispy crust and a pizza slice that doesn't "flop", then this is not your place. The pizza didn't seem to be cooked long enough, and the slice would droop down the instant you picked it up. Also, pizza comes in one (very large) size only, and the business only takes cash. We also ordered fries, which were soft/mushy and had no salt or seasoning on it. I will probably look elsewhere for my next pizza purchase.I have to admit, Roma's Pizza was fabulous. Love the workers and the atmosphere. I love every thing I have ordered here. Team ensured that every thing was fine. Roma's Pizza is a really nice place, I will be back!Ordered a Romana Special pizza from here to share with my grandparents.  It was just okay. The center of the pizza was on the soggy, floppy side though the pizza was not greasy. The toppings all seemed fresh and for $13.50, this pizza fed my grands for 3 days in a row, but it was an average, forgettable pizza-one level above a frozen grocery store pie.
This is a clean, basic, cash only take out or eat in pizza place. Not air conditioned, staff not particularly welcoming or friendly, just indifferent. No eye contact when I walked in and no response to friendly small talk. Zilch. Zero. It costs nothing to say 'hey,' 'yo,' or 'howzit goin.'
To me, this place is a prime example of typical Roxborough mediocrity as far as restaurants on Ridge Avenue go. Not good, not bad, just there.Based on the reviews we tried Roma's Pizza before the COVID pandemic, sometime in January 2020.  It was not the best pizza that we have had, nor was it the worst.  About six months ago we ordered a pepperoni pizza for pick up. Once home we found the pizza was grossly overcooked, to where the cheese was hard. The bottom of the pizza was very dark and the cheese on the top was bubbled up and burned black, halfway around the pie. Hubby and I were able to eat one piece because we were both so hungry. Washed it down with a Pepsi, and threw the rest in the garbage.  So, because we are both pizza lovers and really craving for a piece of the stuff, we gave this place a second shot - hoping we would receive an eatable pizza. Today 4/10/21 again we ordered the pepperoni pizza, and Again the pizza is grossly overcooked. The crust is hard and dry, no flavor,burnt bubbled cheese on the top, and the whole damn thing is so disappointing. We are now 100% convinced that this IS NOT a place for an eatable PIZZA!  We wouldn't want another pizza from this place, if they were giving them away FREE! Seriously, ... WTF!
Don't believe the hype. The reviews must be written by the employees and thier relatives, or folks who just don't know what GOOD/GREAT QUALITY PIZZA  tastes like - because they have never experienced it!My quest to find good pizza in the Northwest Philly area continues with a regrettable derailment at the nightmare that was Roma's Pizza for us. Called on a Saturday night to order large pie half-plain, half-pepp. Upon arrival for pick-up precisely at the establishment's "25 minute" mark, the spot was a complete.and.total.shit-show. No one had started making the pizza, though getting that information out of the line of no-greeting-eye-contact-avoiding-non-english-speaking-pizza-makers with *no one else  in front *greeting us was super difficult. Was started once it was asked for: an additional 20 minute wait.
All to get home and find: this pizza totally sucks! Another spot that favors "thin line of sugary pink slime" variety of sauce, tasteless cheese, pepperoni that was likely a bag of pre-sliced hormel...we DID ask for it well done, but perhaps showing up on time, to wait 20, minutes gets you a non-well done and therefore undercooked mushy doughy crust pizza. 
Never again.This is my buddy's local pizza shop.  The owners here are authentic Italians who are all too happy to chat with you.  I love their Romana Special pizza ( pepperoni, mushrooms, sausage, sweet peppers, onions, anchovies optional), 13.50 for a large... great deal of food!  Do yourself a favor and get an eggroll from Dream House Asian Bistro... slice it up and put it on the romana pizza with some duck sauce.  After you do your Icarus impression you will fall to earth but once you hit the ground there is only one way to go.  
I digress, this place makes quality pizzas at reasonable prices.  Call ahead and pick up a piping hot fresh pie.Picked up a pizza today for a Saturday snack and I have to say that I am disappointed. The last two times also. Just not a lot of taste anymore. Trying to figure out what has changed.Without a doubt the best pizza in Roxborough. Friendly staff, quick service, and great prices!Roma's Pizza... 
Years ago, this place had decent pizza, when it was under different management and people I knew then did the deeds. 
Now...
Not so good. Apparently the ingredients have not changed, but as usual if something isn't cooked with heart, it tastes as empty as the miserable people who serve it. Now ran by vacant, bored, immigrants. Who begin their greeting with "Wha?!" and end with "Ba!" or "Goot!". I'm hoping it means something like "Thank you and enjoy." But I'm afraid it really means... "I'm really glad I replaced the garlic shaker with rat poison today. That should be the highlight of my night!" 
No... 
It's really not all that bad. And as usual I'm coming off as a typical racist, uneducated, bigoted, kumquat! But it all boils down to these kinds of things between all people. I don't care if there is a baby sticking out of your forehand or in the case of "Total Recall" stomach and yes even if you have a "third nipple(TM)"; I have a hunch it's copy written and if not someone should. To the forsaken point, I want good service with my food! Not a plate tossed at me with pizza that tastes like a melted-tire sitting on cardboard. Imagine eat ting that because hell should I know why pizza from here has the same effect. 
Just kidding..
But it was not worth over 2.00! You're not Center City my friend, and being around Manayunk is not an excuse for over-priced tasteless and mundane service.Definitely our favorite pizza place in town. Their Romana Special (pepperoni, mushroom, sausage, sweet peppers, onions and optional anchovies) is our favorite. We take out the mushrooms and anchovies but it is still so good! Never disappoints and never had a bad experience here.This is the kind of neighborhood pizza place I've been looking for since moving to Roxborough.  Chewy and moderately thin crust tasted great with both a white pizza and regular one.  The mini spinach and cheese stromboli-thing was incredible with a ton of cheese oozing out when you cut into it.  It's not a gourmet-ish pizza restaurant like Couch Tomato (which is also good), but I mean that as a compliment to Roma's, with a really good traditional pizza.
They don't deliver, but when when they say your pizza will be ready in 20 minutes for take-out, it is READY (I'm talking to you Dalessandro's).Pretty pissed off. I searched for about fifteen minutes to find the perfect place close to my house to order a pizza from and thought Roma's would do the trick with their Hometown Hazletown pizza on the menu. When I called and asked for that pizza, the guy on the phone said I must have the wrong place because that's not on their menu. Okay, maybe both Yelp and Urbanspoon have dated menus. He confirmed their location on Ridge, which I already knew because it's just three blocks from where I live. He handed the phone off to some lady who also told me that item was not on their menu and that I must have the wrong number because they are "close to Center City." Last time I checked, Manayunk/Roxborough, although in Philadelphia, is nowhere near Center City. To turn an excited, first time potential customer away because of a menu misunderstanding is just bad business. I wanted a freakin' pizza... They sell pizzas! So what if the name of it is wrong, just let me tell you what toppings I want and piece something together! HORRIBLE customer service here.I ordered a pie and some wings on a Friday evening. When I got there about 20 minutes after ordering, The regular pizza came out shortly. But they didn't even start making the wings! So I had to wait for the wings which came out of a bag that looked like it was bought from a supermarket. Meanwhile my pizza was just sitting in the box. After waiting another 10 or so min I decided to forego the wings. They were okay with that (which is why I am giving them two stars). So I took my cooled pizza home and reheated it in the oven for a bit. My wife after taking a couple bites said that it reminded her of cafeteria food in public school. It was overly cheesy and the dough didn't have the right texture. In my opinion they used too much flour at the end (so that the dough wouldn't be as sticky). As native NYers we may be pizza snobs but Roma's pizza was not worth the money nor the wait. I would not order from here again.Best pizza in the Manayunk area.  I go with a large plain well down every Friday night and it's always consistent.  Very friendly family runs the place.I should have gone to ZESTO.... it's not the worst pizza in Manayunk but I'm not getting the hype from previous reviews. Tried out an extra cheese pie, Lina's special, and the Romana special. See my photos - their pizza makers need to go to proper pizza cutting school! And my Lina's special was missing the ricotta cheese - the best part! UGH 
I don't eat meat so I didn't taste the Romana special, but my husband said it was "good." Also not sure if they grossly overcharged me since I was not offered a receipt, but all 3 pies cost me $55?? I thought this place was supposed to have good prices? Another one bites the dust!Wings are good. The past 2 pizzas I have recieved looked as though they have been sitting around for hours on arrival. Pretty gross. I will be going elsewhere from now on.It is affordable ~ boardwalk style pizza. Chewy crust not super thin ~ my daughter loves a bit of puff. A neighborhood staple.I have not eaten pizza for over two years- partially for diet and mostly because it doesn't agree with my stomach. But tonight, I needed a treat. And I hadn't eaten all day. So I threw caution to the wind and got what I remembered to be great pizza. I can't tell you how fantastic this pizza is!  And I'm from NY so if I say this is great pizza, you can bank on that. If you haven't been here, go! But when are they going to do delivery?? Seriously.