Next time you are rooting around your bookmarks,  tasked with choosing a restaurant for a new date/girls  dinner/spice up your relationship thing/mom date, etc. consider rooting out your other options and choosing Root.
Things I liked about Root, which are rooted in facts:
- It smells vaguely like delicious meat because it is next to Fette Sau.
- The service was excellent- our waitress gave great recommendations, was attentive and friendly but not annoying, the cleaning up our crumbs guy (that's his title right?) managed to keep a straight face and a low profile even when our conversation (2 bottles of wine deep) turned to "UGH, the Patriarchy!"
- The vibe and decor is a mix of Don Draper's apartment after his French Canadian gf redecorated and a sleek airport lounge from Up in the Air. Fancy but not pretentious, cool but not obnoxious.  I'm into it.
- Everything we ordered (crispy chickpeas, squash toast, squid ink cavatelli, steak tartare, lamb, potatoes, cheese plate, olive oil cake) was really good,  especially the lamb and the potatoes- which are a must have. Portions were a bit small but good to share. 
- The wine list is extensive.  Bottles start at 50 and go up to 200some for their secret stash, some night there is a special on $20 off these bottles I believe. 
To get to the root of this review, I'm rooting for Root, and hope it lays down roots in Fishtown and stays for a while. Go try this place out, and get the lamb and the potatoes!I wish I could have tasted the food, I heard only excellent reviews, but when I walk into 
a restaurant only to be greeted by someone who seemed to be having a really bad bad day 
and when I asked her a question, I forget exactly, I think it was something about the drinks being served, she answered me as if I crossed the line. She abruptly said to me, ask the waitress and turned away only to walk about 10 ft, planted herself at the reception desk and continued to look very unhappy even angry.
Ok, next was a very lovely young lady who greeted me with a kind welcome and asked me
if I'd like a drink. She explained the many drinks offered, it was 5 O'clock, I settled on one of her recommendations, it was an Old Fashion of sorts , it came in a sexy glass . She offered me water while I waited for my guest to arrive.
In the meantime, the woman mixing the drinks behind the bar, the one with the glasses, was absent of any personality. She looked straight ahead without any expression just a blank stare. The place had just opened, it was empty except for another table, 
I was about 4ft from where she was resting her elbows, on the bar and asked her
something about what was in the cocktail I was drinking. Now mind you I didn't yell it
I was within speaking distance, but she glared at me turned away. 
Ok I got a very uncomfortable feeling that something happened just before I walked in.
Everyone seemed upset and unable to get out of their heads and on to the business at hand.
Be friendly, it is a restaurant, 
When my guest arrived, I requested we go somewhere else, the vibe was uncomfortable , the staff were clearly not in a good head, Just walking in and ordering a cocktail was enough
for me . 
I dare think of how my evening would end up. 
I've been in the Airline Industry most of my career, I get it when you're pissed off or 
a meeting went badly, but if I ever performed my job with such attitude towards a paying
customer , well, it's just not fair to dump personal stuff on a customer.
I observed the bartender, my thoughts were, are they instructed to act in a way
that makes them seem too cool . I lived in Manhattan for years, when Brooklyn was
just Brooklyn, these days you are bombarded with such coolness, your not sure 
if you missed something, that was kinda how I observed this lady behind the bar.
I get it, I was once in my 20's 30's , but I'd rather not be in the company of people who seem to be way to cool for this world or are just rude. And have to pay for it
All this in a matter of 1/2 hr!!
That is why it's often said, First Impressions!!
I will try Root again, the food sounds delicious
I just pray not to be greeted by same hostess
but ya know, I bet she is long gone.
And that bartender? I have to bring a group of friends with me sit at her bar
and tip her well, lets see if that works?It's been on my to visit list for a while now. Not disappointed but not the best around the block.Loved the food and ambiance! The restaurant is small and cozy.. kind of feels like you are in a train car.
Had an 8:30 reservation but when we arrived they told us that it didn't seem likely that a table would be available anytime soon and asked if we were okay to sit at the bar, which was fine.
We took our time and ordered 3 rounds of food at different times. All of the plates (including entrees) were on the smaller side but great to share.
To start, we had the fried chickpeas and potatoes. The chickpeas were well seasoned and the potatoes were crispy and drizzled with aioli. For our second round we had the Gouda cheese plate and the ricotta squash toast. The cheese was paired with garlic brushed bread and honey. The toast was phenomenal- butternut squash spread with a hint of salt from the ricotta topped with fresh vegetables. 
To finish we had the meatballs and spinach ricotta gnudi. Both dishes were excellent. The gnudi was creamy melt in your mouth goodness. The meatballs were well prepared and served with more garlic brushed bread because you obviously can never have enough of that. 
They had a good cocktail and wine selection though I stuck with a basic vodka soda. 
I loved every dish I tried here and honestly can't even pick a favorite because everything was so good. I highly recommend!ROOT: REALLY OUTSTANDING OPERATION (and) TASTE
While I wouldn't eat here every day, I have been dying to get here, and I can't believe it took me so long. My girlfriends and I were having a very "treat yo self" Saturday, and after our visit to the nail salon, we decided we needed wine. Root, being steps from our salon, was the ideal stop as it was pouring down rain. It was after 5pm on a Saturday night, but considering the terrible weather, it was busier than I expected. We managed to grab four seats at the corner of the bar, but only because two nice patrons offered to scoot down so we could all sit together. 
We came for wine, but we stayed for the gin and food. Determined to abstain from alcohol, I sipped water while my friends ordered their gin and tonics - they have four different versions on their cocktail menu. I took a sip of one, and it nearly knocked me off my chair. It's $12, but you will not need more than one to feel a buzz. Though we didn't intend to order any food, the waiter easily talked us into the buffalo mozzarella appetizer special. Split four was a stretch, but it was enough for all of us to get a taste - it was incredible. I'm not sure what my friends were thinking, but we spent the next hour having plate after plate of food delivered to our seats. All small, delicate plates. They're pretty pricey considering the portions, but the flavor combinations and quality of the ingredients justifies the price. The wine and cocktail lists do not disappoint either, though you can expect to spend a minimum of $10/ drink - easily. We sampled the smoked mushroom croquette, sugar snap pea crudo, charred asparagus and leek zeppole, zucchini and ricotta toast, and scallops. There wasn't a single thing I tried and didn't like. The ricotta was incredible. INCREDIBLE. The charred asparagus zeppole was my absolute favorite - airy, light, fried - I could have eaten an entire plate alone.
This is a great spot for an intimate dinner or a happy hour with friends. It's definitely one of the classier, more expensive dining options on this block. Definitely worth investigating whether they take reservations, especially if you plan on coming here with more than three or four people. We definitely got lucky with snagging our seats at the bar. Best to try a bunch of the small plates and lighter bites, and really get to taste it all. Highly recommend the gin + tonics - worth every penny.You know you've been living in the city a while, when you remember another Root restaurant that had a short lived and unimpressive stint in Llama's Tooth on Spring Garden's current space.
Thank god this particular Root is nowhere near close to what that brief other Root was. Phew.
Hot Dang, is Frankford ever on fire and Root is adding fuel to the flames.  Love the size (intimate, warm), décor (everything from the lighting to the gorgeous floor tiles), service and most importantly, the cuisine.  Came in with no expectations, and then dinner came and went and made me ever so happy and sated.
The service is impeccable, delicate and intelligent. Everything is spotless, (down to the bathrooms, perfect and lovely hand soap too, it's the little touches, I tell you) and well executed.
Do yourself a favor and explore the menu very well, have a few appetizers, a toast or two, and partake in a cheese and salumi, then hit the plates hard (but, you know, not too hard) and oh, don't forget the desserts and chocolates (just as exciting as the rest!)  The four gin cocktails are right up my alley and the wine selection is varied and interesting.
The croquettas and cauliflower-caper zeppoles are easy to share, as are the toasts (the pan con tomate, though simple, was a winner in my book); the cheese and salumi offerings are refreshingly not tiny like other places that offer something similar, so that was a lovely surprise.
The plates are thankfully conservatively (and perfectly) sized, and my favorite by far had to be the super fresh Seafood a la plancha served with fingerling potatoes and a sunchoke puree and shrimp with the heads on (the only way to fly!) - though the potato gnocchi came a close second. 
The sweets are so delicious and not an afterthought. Both the brulée and the brown butter are incredibly yummy, but the roasted pineapple and maple yogurt made the brown butter cake my favorite, while the mendiants of chocolate were equally good in their own right, I'd steer you towards the other two if you want a perfect ending to your meal. Can't wait to go back.Great location and addition to the Fishtown neighborhood. The owners are great and clearly know how to run a business!Came to Root for brunch and had no problem getting a table.  Root has such a cool mad-men vibe.  I had the omelette with goat cheese, mushrooms, and fresh herbs.  It was cooked flawlessly and the flavors were amazing.  My friends loved the egg sandwich on a fresh everything muffin and were raving about how tasty the bacon was.  Come to Root if you are looking for a classy delicious brunch!We came late and the place was empty but it was such a romantic vibe!! The waitress was super nice and the owner even stopped over which was nice :) the food was amazing!!!!! Definitely order a bunch of stuff and share it with your partner ... the dessert was also amazing and the drinks were yummy as well :) great to see a place like this in fishtown and not just downtown or rittenhouse :) will be going back hereGreat experience. Came here today for oyster night and we've been here a few other times and picked up take out as well and have always had a good meal. Our faves are the Duxelle burger and cavatappi whether it is with shrimp or pork. Environment is warm and inviting and great decor. Service is always good as well.I went to Root with friends with a reservation starting at 630PM. Their staff told us our table would be "needed at 8PM", as if there was a time limit to our visit. They told us this THREE TIMES during our meal, by three separate members of their staff.. Did they want us out of the restaurant and not want our money? Very unprofessional, rude, bush-league customer service is the best way to summarize my experience. I didn't feel welcome in this establishment, and I suspect this type of service will be the root of their demise. Pun intended.Really delicious food, cheese plates and nice drink list. Asparagus and chive zeppole.. oh my.  Brunch is nice, the dinner food is much much better.  Nice open set up when the weather is warm.This "upscale" place was a complete surprise to me in Fishtown. The first time, I came with a group of friends and we ordered a mix of dishes: fried chickpeas, spinach and ricotta gnudi, meatballs, and the steak tartare. The food and cocktails were delicious. 
The 2nd time I came, my friend and I had a table inside but right next to the open patio which was lovely. I ordered the meatballs and kale/escarole salad. I would never usually order this type of salad but I devoured it. It was awesome. 
The place isn't cheap but a solid spot for a romantic meal or girl talk and cocktails.$14 gin drinks? Went for happy hour with my husband and left with a $95 dollar bill. They advertised $8 gins and said "we ordered the wrong kind" SCAM! Not much of a happy hour...left very unhappy. Will NEVER be back.One of the best in Philly!!!! Great price for bottle wines. I enjoy everything from the menu.The food was good but the service and hospitality give Root 5 stars.  The owner was kind to our kids and we were able to talk to him for a bit (nice guy!!). This place is incredibly baby/toddler friendly, I wasn't expecting it but was pleasantly surprised.  
The Turkish eggs are really good, something unique that you may not find at other brunch places.  My favorite egg dish (gypsy eggs) in Philly is at La Maude, but this was a close second.  My husband got the omelette was which good but standard.  The potatoes were nice and crispy!  
Our sons had the lemon ricotta pancakes and were not disappointed.  Nothing was left and you could smell the fresh lemon zest on top...very refreshing.
Great experience, I hope to come back for dinner one day.What a great experience!   While on a first date with a spectacular lady we went to Fishtown.  Boy has the neighborhood changed.   She's a pescatarian so we walked around looking for a place that had choices for her.  While walking past this place we saw that it was crowded so decided to look at the menu.  There were plenty of great choices for both of us so we went in.   The restaurant had a longish wait (we didn't have reservations) so they seated us at the bar.  The bar staff Aaron and Jasmine were really friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. Soon we had menus (wine list on the back) in hands and decided on sharing some appy's and an entree.  For appy's we ordered the Roasted Fennel Zeppole and the Fried Chickpeas with Moroccan spice.   They were both really delicious.  I'd never have thought that Fennel would've gone well with a Zeppole but I'd have been very wrong.   The chickpeas were also a tasty treat.  They had just the right amount of crunch and spice.   She ordered a salad with root veggies, pears, and piave which was so good I had to steal a taste or four.  I ordered the Steak Tartare.  Unfortunately my entree wasn't to my liking but that may have just been a preference thing.  The staff immediately offered something else with nary a question or hesitation.  When I opted to just help with her salad and to order something to drink they were pleasant and speedy.   Just as I'd finished ordering my drink the owner (Greg) stopped by and apologized for the Tartare not being to my liking and offered to get me something else. He made it clear that he was willing to do what he could to make sure we were having a good experience at Root.  I was happy to tell him that we were having a marvelous time and I'd really like to come back to this place.  This could easy be one of my new favorites.   Thank you for making a truly memorable dining experience.Went for a drink recently and found the restaurant does not really accommodate those who wish to simply have a drink & not dine. It took a long time to get the attention of a bartender and then to get our drinks. The large bar takes up a ton of space and we felt constantly in the way no matter where we tried to stand. We ordered a pair of Fishtown Mules off the specialty cocktail menu and they weren't great. Given the price I expected more. The food looked and smelled good but we felt so awkward that we left & it's not high oh our list to return to.Ok so the hubs and I come here frequently for dinner simply because we can depend on fun cocktails, good food an excellent service every time. Today we decided to check out Root's brunch scene and we were not disappointed. The menu was fun and tasty-with a special avocado toast that satisfying and creative. We are always happy to see the owner Greg and the staff whom are friendly and welcoming. As always, Root does not disappoint.We enjoyed a lovely dinner here after a graduation ceremony in mid June.  The food was interesting and inventive, the server was excellent and the drinks were great.  Recommend!This place is a very good neighborhood spot.  Cool vibe, good service, and solid food.
The Fishtown Mule was gingery in a good way, and their wine selection is pretty good.
The stars on the menu are the toasts.  We had all three - the butternut squash is a must-order but the other two are also very good.  Get them!!  Other plates were OK, but nothing home to write about.  The kale salad was basically a very good rendition of a Caesar salad.  The beef tartare got overpowered by the fried onions, and the cauliflower zeppole just tasted like spicy fried batter.
All in all, it's a solid place, but it's not destination dining.Visited Root on a cold evening following a snowy morning. Going to Johnny Brenda's and it's right across the street. Wanted to make a 7:00 reservation, but it was booked and we settled for 5:30. The staff was friendly, and after a drink at the bar, we sat down around 5:45. We decided to order a bunch of finger foods, and it turned out to be a smart way to go. All of these are recommended... Fried Chickpeas with Moroccan spice, Warm Olives, Crispy Potatoes, Mushroom Croquettas, Pan con Tomate and Escarole & Kale Salad.
 The chickpeas were nicely fried, not greasy, very mildly spiced. Olives were good... and warm. The potatoes were crispy, as advertised, and came with a bunch of toothpicks for 'stabbing.'  Nicely spiced, the cubes were smallish, but very tasty. The mushrooms were tasty, if oddly shaped. I think of 'croquettes' as being round. These were more like a mozzarella stick or fish stick shape. Good nonetheless! Two to an order. The Pan con Tomate was two decent-sized slices of toast with a garlicky tomato 'jelly.' Very good! Missed that the Kale & Escarole salad contained bacon, but it was easily removeable. Nice sized pieces of what looked like quality bacon. We finished at 8:15 and never felt rushed by the staff. With three drinks each (3 Prosecco, 3 Sauv. Blanc) , the bill, before tip was $110. I thought it was completely fair. 4-1/2 Stars, based on good food, friendly staff, nice atmosphere and good prices.This is one of the best additions to Fishtown in a long time. Been here 4-5 times and have yet to eat anything that wasn't delicious and creative. The service is unfailingly excellent from top to bottom. The room looks like a beautiful jewel box. Wine list is awesome. They have a terrific happy hour. And it's not expensive! It's the perfect place for a low-key night out where you don't want to drop a million dollars.Always my favorite place for brunch, happy hour, or dinner in Fishtown. Greg, the owner, could not be more personable, and the rest of the staff are always friendly and treat us like we are old friends. 
The chef and food are some of the best in the neighborhood--my husband thinks the burger is one of the best he's had and for me, the mushroom based veggie burger is outstanding, especially with an egg on top.  And the fries are thin, golden, and crispy.  Spinach gnudi is just...indulgent! Their happy hours snacks are always great, especially the zeppoles and the crispy chickpeas.  Cocktails and wine list are perfect.  For brunch, their oatmeal is insanely good, as are their Turkish eggs.   
The decor is the new Fishtown: hip, classy, with a tip of the hat to midcentury modern and art deco. Can't wait for their next place to open!Spectacular brunch this morning. Turkish eggs were outrageous. Will be back. And back again. And again. Yum.Fantastic!  What a great addition to the neighborhood.  I was just here for drinks & snacks, but I cannot wait to come back for dinner.Fantastic everything. The cocktails are on par if not better than Franklin Mortgage Co. and the food is perfect. Meatballs, steak tartar, kale salad and chickpeas we're amazing. MUST get the chickpeas - I could eat them daily. I asked for a specialty cocktail that wasn't on the menu and the bartender made it better than pretty much anywhere I'd tried in Philly. The owner, Greg is so friendly, welcoming, and also a cutie- which is always nice. ;) Try this place stat!This is strictly a happy hour review, and as this yelper can attest, this is one of the best and most dangerous happy hour location in Philly.
Must get: all the toasts, croquetta, chitarra pasta, pork cavatelli, #1 gin-tonic drink, socialite
Meh: chickpeas, crispy potatoes, warm olives, sardines
Missed: desserts
We came here for happy hour and left smiling cheek to cheek. Of course, this was after sampling all of the snacks, toasts and the main dishes. The best thing about Root is that the happy hour drinks and snacks are reasonably priced, so if you tried some dishes that you weren't a fan of, well, you get to try something else. For positives, you really have to get the toasts, with strong recommendation for the chicken liver and the morel and ricotta toast. I am still salivating over how the toast soaked up each and every ingredient down to its molecular level. The pasta and pork cavatelli were also incredibly well done and by the end of the dinner, we were unbuttoning our embarrassing food babies and hobbling out the door. Of course, I strongly recommend getting the mixed drinks over the rose wine (happy hour only), it's worth it, albeit, not very strong. For the dishes that didn't meet expectation, it was a combination of either too salty, oily, or fried.
Anyway, this is a super chill and hipster spot for happy hour and you will not be disappointed. Also, it's by the same owner as Suraya, so can't be bad, right?
Food: 5 stars
Service: 5 stars
Ambiance: 5 stars
Price: 5 stars (happy hour)Nice
Service,
Good food, and
A well-thought-out
Design. They take online reservations.Very cool restaurant. We had the Fried Chick Peas and a cheese plate to start. Both were very good. I had the Beef & Pork Meatballs for my main, while the wife had the Black Cavatelli. Again, both were very well prepared. For dessert we had the Mendiants. I truly loved these. A great, non-filling way to end a meal with something sweet, but non-filling.Hands down best veggie burger I've ever had. Their Duxelle burger is made of all mushrooms. Incredibly meaty and well seasoned.Came here for some after dinner drinks. Modern, chic space with attentive service. Their cocktail menu has numerous gin + tonic options. I tried the bourbon sidecar, which I really liked (and I'm not typically a bourbon gal). 
For a wine bar, I was somewhat shocked with the wine list, which I thought was rather skimpy. While the wines I had were delicious, I expect a bit more of a selection for a place that calls themselves a wine bar.
I'd return for happy hour and to try some small plates.Hottest new spot in Fishtown.  We have been waiting for a cool place like this in the neighborhood for a while.  It has finally arrived.  The wine is fabulous the food is amazing and the ambience is Center City cool with a laid back Fishtown feel.  Don't sleep on this one.Amazing! My friend and I went last night for drinks and maybe some food were seated promptly at a table in the window and given menus and offered sparkling or still water. The atmosphere was great, the bar design, seating and overall concept were everything a wine bar/restaurant should be. We ordered some sparkling rose and reviewed the menu. Our drinks were delicious and the menu was appealing. We settled on chickpeas, meatballs and the butternut squash toast. The service was perfect! The server was there when u needed him, refilling drinks, filling waters and answering questions. All of the apps were delicious the meatballs had a homemade but gourmet taste and the chickpeas and butternut squash with the smoked yogurt were fantastic. For mains I did the burger and my friend did the kale salad. The salad was to die for just so good and perfect. Everything you want and nothing you don't. The burger though... I love burgers, I love red meat and this was next level. I was not asked how I wanted it cooked which is fine bc everyone I've ordered lately it's not right anyway. So the burger comes out, cut in half,check it's done ...bite in and BAM! For real it was that Amazing!! Juicy, delicious, hot, cooked to perfection... They haven't even been open a week people! I already want to go back... We tried the creme brûlée and mendiants which were stupid scrumptious... I also ordered a mushroom burger ... Yes burger made all from mushrooms to go for my husband and he said it was outstanding! I cannot wait to go back. Best restaurant I have been to in awhile. So excited for this new edition to the neighborhood.Was super Duper good, they were out of a dish and they substituted a different kind of pasta for me which was great... I highly recommend.. very nice decore, The waitstaff was super attentive and accommodating..How is the pan con tomate not a review highlight? That stuff is the bomb. 
I'd give Root 4.5 if I could because, while not the ~*best*~ food I've ever had, it was a wonderful meal in a cool spot. 
We had the pan con tomate, merluza, and cavatelli. All delicious. 
Great date spot, I would definitely be impressed if someone took me here.I am local
A must for cocktails and snacks. 
I'd say a wee bit pricey but as my wife says if you consider the price of food and drinks together they balance out. Drinks, food and service are usually top notch. 
Greg takes care of business... We love Jay
Again, don't just go once!
Try them for happy hour, (5-7pm mon-fri)save a few $$Maybe some growing pains at this place?
We live in the area and were looking forward to checking out a new restaurant on the up-and-coming (or perhaps already arrived) Frankfurt Ave.
They have 4 different gin cocktails which sounded interesting.  I had the grapefruit sage creation and enjoyed it.  The wine list is a decent size with some great selections.  Also had some nice happy hour offerings.
We started with the Tomato Toast which was delicious- so fresh and bright, and the burrata (?buffalo mozzarella) tomato salad which was also tasty.
The entree menu was a bit more limited compared to the snacks, toast and drinks.  The man had the burger which was pretty good, not anything stand out except the fries which were hot and delicious.  I had the gnudi which I think in fairness to gnudi may just not be by cup of tea.  They came out on a brown butter thick cream type liquid, and with the gray-green gnudi, brown mushrooms and brown butter sauce the coloring and texture was just a bit off putting.
We were surprised how long it took for the entrees to come out.  The service was decent, but we did have water dripping on us from the vent above (it was a hot muggy July day tho).
I'm not in a terrible rush to go back for dinner, but certainly for snacks and drinks.Not being very familiar wit this area we stumbled across this place when we were looking for somewhere good to eat before a show w at the Fillmore. Why they had seating available on Saint Patty's day for the sAme evening I have no idea but what a good find. Everything was awesome. The gnudi were first rate as all the dishes we tried. Service was friendly and helpful and I cannot say anything but good things, everything was first rate. Awesome.I was in love with this place from the first sight. Interior is in Art Deco style and looks gorgeous. Waiters are awesome (like it should be), food is tasty and inexpensive. I tried their burger and olive oil desert with camomile cream - I would recommend it to anyone - very tasty! I'll definitely come againService sucks. Seating is very limited without a reservation. Food is pretty good but def over priced. Servers are spread thin. Patrons are forgot about. Not worth the wait. Managers here have to do a better job of their staff... 
That was my initial review while at the restaurant. My wife complained about the service and the manager Michael was really great. Acknowledged all of our issues. I changed my review. He said he would make changes. Really wanted us to come back. Will return with the rest of my review.We waited over 30 minutes for an order of zeppole. I think they gave our food to the wrong table and never noticed and never checked on us. When we got their attention and asked about it, they didn't acknowledge how long it had been or apologized. They've also raised their prices.Ambiance and decor were stylish and romantic. We came to celebrate our wedding anniversary and had such a nice time. Jaylea was our server and she took excellent care of us and she offered great suggestions. The food was creatively presented and delicious. Their wine list was affordable and interesting. All in all we had a great experience and will definitely be back.After passing by this place so often to get to Frankford Hall, decided to give Root a try.
Excellent small plates. Tried the steak tartare. Nebraskan wagyu beef. Was really good. The chicken liver on toast was a great appetizer as well.
Friendly staff and good service.We went to Root last night for the first time and I was impressed! I don't usually venture to Fishtown but I certainly will now!  We made reservations for 6:30 because I've heard it was a popular place. I was surprised to see it was pretty dead except for a few tables (it picked up around 7:30 and there were barely any seats available). We were greeted nicely and had a complimentary coat check by the door before we were taken to our seats. 
Our server came over and let us know it was happy hour until 7. Happy hour even at the tables! AWESOME!! They had food and drink specials for happy hour. 
I went with the #1 gin and tonic (rosemary and lemon) delish! We decided on the chicken liver toast and a cheese plate (1 meat and 1 cheese). Both of those were on happy hour, the toast was amazing and really loaded with goodies. The meat and cheese plate was only $7 and it came with homemade honey, pickled veggies and fruit. We were already pretty full after that so we decided to order the black cavatelli with shrimp and the meatballs. Wow those meatballs were great, you get 4 with plenty of sauce and two pieces of great grilled bread. The pasta was also good, the shrimp were cooked perfectly it was a little spicy due to a lot of garlic but I like that.
Our server was great, he answered some questions we had and made sure we were never low on drinks!
I can't wait to go back and try more!!We walked in around 7pm without a reservation and were able to snag two seats at the bar for dinner. The space is super cool with a 70s vibe. I am a beer fan, so I wish they had a few more beers on the menu. The service was good, especially considering how busy it was. The food was tasty - burger was cooked well and the fries were crispy. The meatballs were also good and authentic Italian style (mix of beef and pork, parsley). Patrons in the place were friendly; we ended up talking to the couple next to us for a bit.Brunch on a snowy Saturday in Philadelphia. This is the perfect spot. The restaurant is beautiful, with everything perfectly designed. Wait staff is friendly and helpful. The food was very good. We enjoyed every last bite of our egg dishes.  They serve La Colombe coffee, always a treat. Highly recommend!The seating and decor is very retro. I feel as if the servers are about to skate up to my table and take my order. 
The food menu is small and manageable.
We ordered crispy chickpeas, crispy potatoes, chicken liver toast, meatballs, and chitarra
The crispy chickpeas alone are kind of dry and unfulfilling. There needs a hummus base to really bring it together or you will be left gasping for water. 
The fried potatoes are very good and they really pack them into the bowl. I was surprisingly full after this dish.
We tried to be adventurous and ordered the chicken liver toast. It's always fun to try new things! We were not fans.
Meatballs were good but definitely could have come with more bread. 
The chitarra was also very good. I'm not a huge fan of dandelion greens but it is always fun to munch on new things. 
Overall I was not super impressed with the food. The service was quick and friendly. Portions were deceivingly large, which is a plus. 3.5 stars rounded down to 3. Probably won't be back again in the future.Great restaurant.  Food and drinks are solid and the service is as well.  Good vibe and atmosphere.  Definitely try some of the toasts.Philly, you continue to deliver. Root has a modern/artsy ambiance feel while still feeling welcoming. Food, cocktails, and service were topnotch. You NEED to try the Sidecar cocktail. You won't regret it.There are not enough good things to say about my experience at Root! First and most importantly, the food was out of this world! We started with the mushroom croquettes, 3 cheese board, and kale and escarole salad - all of it was phenomenal. That salad was absolutely everything! For dinner we shared the gnudi and lamb chops - both exceptional. Their wine and cocktails were also great! Can't believe it's taken me this long to try Root! Everything we ordered was plenty for 3 people. The staff was also really friendly and knowledgeable which is always appreciated! Cannot wait to go back to try the other things on the menu!We had a great experience at Roots  service on point chicken liver toast so good overall a great meal was had by allGreat food, drinks and Vibe. Aaron the bartender made me the best strawberry tequila drink. Warm spiced olives, salad and those lamb chops. Yum!I decided to take my girlfriend here for her birthday last night, and we thoroughly enjoyed our experience. As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by a friendly host. The restaurant has a very upscale/contemporary look, but without it being too pretentious or intimidating. Our waiter was very friendly and willing to answer any questions, or give us what his favorites are from the menu. We also got there in time for happy hour, so it was a good time to load up on small plates!
The wine list was very extensive, and they had a small beer list. They had some good stuff beer wise, but this is mostly meant for wine. My girlfriend and I split a cheese & salumi plates, as well as a chicken liver pate. The cheeses and meats were amazing, and we loved the local honey it came with. I also enjoyed the chicken liver pate as a decadent starter. I ordered the Seafood a la plancha as my main course, and it was so good. All the seafood was cooked perfectly, and the lemon vinaigrette really brought it all together. Root met my expectations, and my girlfriend loved celebrating her birthday there.We had dinner tonight at Root. It was okay, but not great.  The food was good, but not great.  The service was spotty: either too many people checking on you or no one to be found for 15 minutes.  The wine was only okay and the pours were stingy. The whole place felt measured, but there was little passion or fun. A bit disappointingUnfortunately I was on a time restriction and we could only stop in for some appetizers, and a glass of wine. Had the mushroom croquetta, chickpeas, and cheese plate. All three were outstanding ! The cheese came with the best honey I have ever had. Stuff should be illegal.
Looking forward to returning to have the complete dinner experience.Great experience this evening during my first visit to Roots. The neighborhood offered an eclectic and hip vibe as did the decor of the restaurant. The menu is set up for sharing, so this spot is great for groups or a first date ! Highly recommend the black cavatelli, trout and meatballs! All menu items were inventive, fresh and full of flavor. Excellent service and refreshing cocktails-we will definitely be back :)Absolute Stunner. In the land of craft beer and casual food comes something a little more thought out. Wine is the clear focus here but the gin-tonic combos and the few other cocktails/beers are worth dabbling in. As far as the food is concerned be prepared to be pleasantly surprised. While the menu is short on description the food is long on adventure. While I don't think there is anything I haven't had on this menu, the arrangements and flavor profiles were new and wonderfully executed. 
We started with drinks: Gin-Tonic #1 (Mediterranean tonic with Bluecoat lemon/lime, sprigs of thyme/rosemary) and the Fishtown mule. After we moseyed on over to the wines by the glass, probably 20 or so to choose from. For dinner we started with chicken liver toast, mushroom croquetta, & Fried chickpeas. All exceptionally good in their own right. We followed with the Seafood a la plancha and gnudi. The seafood was head-on shrimp, squid (just the right amount of bite and tenderness) and scallops. There were some red potatoes, tomatoes lemon sauce and chili oil to round out the dish. The gnudi was a show stopper, that's all I'll say. I will go back for just this. 
All and all this is a breath of fresh air for Fishtown and a worthy addition to the Philadelphia dining scene as a whole.One of my favorite places in the city. Root has an exceptionable happy hour and great service (not to mention the stellar food). I appreciate that I am always greeted warmly when I come to this establishment. The G&Ts are perfectly refreshing and I always have to get the fried chickpeas and elsa mae cheese whenever I come here. If you have not been here yet, go immediately.My wife and I dropped by Root for our anniversary and had an awesome experience. The vibe was fun and energetic but not over the top or too loud.  The host was able to get us a great table in the corner and the service from there was perfect, attentive but not overbearing. 
Our waiter did a great job explaining the menu and helped us pick out a handful of dishes to share. The food was all extremely well executed and we're definitely heading back to explore more of the menu. I'd be hard pressed not to order the croquettas and gnudi every time I go, but I'm guessing they'll rotate dishes around depending on what's available locally. 
The bar menu and wine list was also very impressive and fairly interesting. The gin and tonic menu offered some nice variety and all of the wines we ordered by the glass were great. We chose to head over to the bar for an after-dinner drink; the bartender did an amazing job of describing the dessert wines they had available and really knew her stuff.Root wowed me! Came here for dinner couple times already. Yummy food, great customer service and cozy ambiance. This is trully a jewel of this neighborhood.
Also must check out Cafe LaMoude for breakfast or lunch!
Love both places and highly recommend it.Root has been on my radar for so long. So long that I have recommended it for friends date nights without even having been here before! That's how sure I was of this place. Now, here follows my three star review. 3.5 to be truly fair.
We had reservations for 7:15 on Valentines Day. We were seated right away right on top of the couple next to us. We might as well of had dinner with them. I recognize Root is very tiny. I get it, but it's still uncomfortable at times when I can hear the table next to us loudly arguing / complaining the entire time. If we were to come here again I can confidently say we would just sit at the bar.
Earlier in the night we stopped at a bar to have a drink and briefly looked through the menu to get an idea of what to order and of course scrolled through some Yelp reviews. We had a pretty good idea on the food we were interested in. When we were handed menus not one thing we looked at was on there. Kind of disappointing, but again it was also V day. - We ended up starting off with the fried chickpeas and roasted cauliflower / capers. Both were good. The capers were very dry! I especially loved the cauliflower. Next, we had the buffalo mozzarella. Also pretty good, but we both regretted not getting the tomato toast. For entrees I ordered the Merluza. After I ordered it our waitress told me to be careful eating it as it had a lot of tiny bones and it was very fatty. Turned me off a bit, but I went with it. My husband ordered the Braised Pork Cavatelli. When the entrees came out I had a gut feeling the cavatelli wasn't going to be great and I was right. My husband said it was 'decent at best'. The Merluza was pretty good. Not sure where any of the tiny bones were because I had none and I also didn't find it fatty either. Overall, I think Root is more of glass of wine and appetizer spot.Really tasty. Small portions-even the main plates-for the price of that area. Great atmosphere but tables were packed tight!  Love the design. Meatballs were the star of the night!  We also had the gnocchi- dense texture. Meat and cheese were standard with nice pairings but once again-small portion for the price/area.  Missing out on happy hour which would be a way to warm the place up to the locals. Most wines including Malbec are 11-13 per glass. The service was generally good. Our food took awhile to come out and our dishes weren't cleared very rapidly in between courses. The butter cake was tasty but there were only bits of cake- for $8 I would expect a larger portion! Or reduce the price.Fishtown becomes more of a favorite part of Philly for me every time I come here. Root definitely added to that. As soon as you come in to the small establishment you're greeted with smiles and service immediately. I know this spot is newer, but I hope that never goes away. 
Our server directed us in a few different ways to a great mix of drinks and snacks for my group of three and we were glad he did. My white wines (which I'm still getting into drinking) all paired well with our food choices and had great flavors all their own. 
Food wise....warm olives. Never knew about them but glad I do now, I highly recommend! Besides the olive discovery we tried the corn zeppole (like a fritter) with a simple aioli that worked very well, the Italian and Spanish cheese option, the salami and chorizo, and ended with the meatballs, gnundi and gnocchi (lots of Gs at the end there). All of the dishes brought new something new, and while our choices seem somewhat random, the menu is made so you can choose plates like that and they all work. Definitely come in and check it out.Warm olives are a must order. I can't wait to try and replicate them. The other highlight was the tartare & meatballs. 
Great decor and staff.Gnudi, meatballs, & croquettas is all you need to know & order @ the tiny place w/ the Qbert floors.I stopped in Root for happy hour and absolutely loved the interior and it seemed to attract a good crowd. The bartender was awesome - super knowledgable and personable. They had good specials too - the roasted cauliflower & caper zeppole was my favorite. If you like G&Ts, you have to try this place. Between myself and a couple friends, I think we tried most, if not all of them. I had the #1 and really enjoyed it.
I look forward to going back and trying their dinner.Believe the hype, it's that good. 
Another jewel in the crown for the ever growing Fishtown area. Root offers small well thought out plates as well as a full bar, nice wine selection, and a variety of specialty cocktails (I'm partial to the #1 gin and tonic). Combined with ultra hip furnishings and a dining area that flows nicely to the outside, Root has brought a type of establishment that one would usually find in the gayborhood (Barbuzzo, Jamonera, etc.) to restaurant row in Fishtown. Looking forward to becoming a Root regular.Wifey and I had the pleasure of checking out Root the other night.  Top to bottom every dish and cocktail we ordered was top notch.  Can't wait to return.Absolutely amazing. Good food good service and a relaxed place. Definitely coming back.I was here a couple of months ago. A few highlights and a few mehs. The Pan con tomate was an absolute never getting again, it was bland with no taste to it at all. The chicken liver mouse and the cheese board were amazing though. A few other things were ordered that were also good (but can't currently recall). Overall yummy experience!WOW!!  Delicious,  we ate...small bites + drank...
,excellent Bar  + delicious cocktails in a hip setting ~ 
Open windows to the street~ 
Mushroom burger, super fresh assortment of local mushrooms, 
Mouth watering Toasts with fantastic toppings. 
Cool owner, who has both  Eyes  on everything, wants your experience to be awesome!
Thanks for extra grapefruit slices in cocktail     :}
Manhattan quality with Phiily vibe + prices! !!!
So glad we stopped in and will return !!!!I finally got to visit this place! I drive by it daily and it always looks packed with people. 
Decor is very retro yet modern, which makes it stand out from other places in that neighborhood. 
Staff was friendly and helpful, and I even gotten a personal welcome from the manager! 
The menu offers mainly shared dishes, among which you can find meat, fish and Vegetarian options.  I wouldn't come here for dinner, but snack with a nice drink would do. I find it is more of a hang-out-with-your-friends, sipping-on-a-drink and nibbling-on--food kind of place. Fishes have a modern twist to them, which recently has become "the thing". 
Nice addition to the neighborhood.This is probably my favorite hidden gem for brunch in Fishtown. I've taken two friends who were visiting here, and they both can't stop raving about it to this day! 
We've tried the eggs in purgatory, lemon ricotta pancakes, and the burger. Personally I think the eggs are AMAZING, however not super filling if you're really hungry. Each of us getting our own entree and then sharing the lemon ricotta pancakes was 100% the move. 
I need to go back for dinner, but no matter when you go or what you get I'm sure you'll enjoy it!August 8th 2016
-{My wife and I are in our late Forties, well travelled and well educated. Also we both spent about a decade each in the restaurant business. We live in Fishtown, Philadelphia. We both love great food and appreciate good service.}-
Don't be afraid of the slick design and decor in Root. Get yourselves in there and Greg and the gang will take good care of you as they took care of my wife, nephews and I when we stopped in for some after dinner cocktails. They treated our family like their own.Went for the first time yesterday for a quick happy hour special and stayed well beyond happy hour. Got the tomato toast on the happy hour special and the croquettes which were both pretty good - if I had to recommend 1 it would be the croquettes. The atmosphere was chill and the staff were super knowledgeable and made me feel very welcome. Will definitely go again.I'll admit first handedly I do not write many reviews, which is sad to say as I've been many places, but Root deserves a written review. From the moment we walked in the hostess was friendly and accommodating. Our table was not ready, but she handed us menus and pointed us to where we can stand and order drinks if we please. While my girlfriend and I were drinking, the owner, Greg, made it a point to come over and apologize for the wait and instructed the drinks would be on him. 
Once seated the service was fantastic and the food outstanding. We had the Crispy Potatoes and Mozzarella Di Bufala to start - recommend both. For our dinner we shared the Beef and Pork Meatballs and Spinach and Ricotta Gnudi, again... highly recommend. From a drinks perspective we had a few glasses of Sangiovese and Malec which were our favorite.
All in all I could not give a more glowing review and recap of our experience at Root - will definitely be back and say hi to Greg... worth a date night.Root is a high end, center city or better, bar/restaurant. The decor is the nicest around and the wide open front really makes it special. The cocktails are unique and professionally made. The food is of very high quality. Looking in you would think it's very high priced but I found it to be right on given the quality etc. somehow they pulled all this off and still makes it fit into the NoLib and Fishtown vibe. Well done.Root is a delicious restaurant with an interesting and eclectic menu, exceptional service, and an overall fun, relaxing vibe. I have been here twice - once just for happy hour and sat outside on the sidewalk, and once inside for dinner. Both times I was very pleased with my experience.
I highly recommend the chicken liver toast. Almost nobody makes this as well as my grandma can - but Root came very close! Additionally, even for people who don't love gin, their gin+tonics are awesome. I ate so much, I couldn't breathe...in a good way.
Can't wait to go back and eat here again.I really loved Root. It was expensive but that's because I couldn't resist trying multiple glasses of wine and a cocktail... I had the Gnudi and it was amazing, as was the chickpea salad as an appetizer. The atmosphere is fantastic, especially in the warmer weather. And our server, I wish I could remember his name, was just amazing - great with wine recommendations without being pretentious. I can't wait to go back.