I went in for a quick dinner before a comedy show. The location is nice because it's close to events and shops near Rittenhouse without being in a crowded spot. The interior is what you would expect of any bar-restaurant combo; I would like to add that they had nice big open windows which would be pleasant during the summer.
The server was very friendly and casual which was comfortable. Service was quick and helpful! The restaurant itself was very clean and new. 
I ordered for my drink the Casa Punetaza, the Poblano pepper for an appetizer, and the chicken tinga tacos for an entree. The drink was good and not too strong. I would be more interested in trying their margaritas next time I go. The poblano peppers although delicious were nothing special. They were easily something you could make at home. The chicken tinga tacos were and had lots of crisp lettuce added on. As a Texan, I would have to say the tacos were good but not great. I wish Rosey's would let you pick three different tacos instead of ordering all of the same type. 
I would recommend Rosey's for a quick and casual meal if you haven't planned where to eat in advance.The tacos were very tasty. More importantly, the chips were very tasty and crunchy. You could tell they were made in house. The Pablano peppers were a great appetizer and I highly recommend them! I had the Bistec tacos which were soft and flavorful. I highly recommend going to the hot sauce bar as well. On a bad note, the place was very load and difficult to hear.So happy that there's finally a decent restaurant/bar right around the corner! I was skeptical at first, thinking Rosy's would be just another overpriced food joint in Rittenhouse. But not only was it affordable (8 bucks for a decent margarita), but it was also delicious. The bf and I got the guacamole, which was some of the best I've had so far in the area and  not watered down at all, like I've seen in other places. The DJ was also on point, playing a mix of 90s dance hits. Definitely will be a frequent weekend spot. I hope more people discover it soon!What an honor to be the first review at this new local hotspot! A great ambience, complete with a full hot sauce bar of every fiery hot sauce imaginable. Nachos were an immediate win that left us scraping the plates for more -- sweet pickled onions and mexican crema really hit the spot. For dinner, we ordered chicken tinga tacos and sopes -- they were small but perfect for two in combination with the nachos. The margarita selection is eclectic. Service was a bit slow, but it may be growing pains.
The real win here is this: open till 2am, a rarity for tacos in the area.  Looking forward to many a nightcap here.Being that I live around the corner, I've been very excited for this to open in our neighborhood! I came here tonight by myself to get some dinner and wrap up work. I loved that I was able to get a table that was meant for one person and work, but I'd definitely come back with friends too. I got the chorizo nachos, they were awesome. My server was Alex O, he was wonderful! He was super friendly, attentive, and we had great conversation. I can't wait to come back and try tacos and margs!GOT FOOD POISONING HERE. Violently ill for 2 days from eating the tacos. The tacos also weren't even good or authentic. If you want real tacos go to someplace on 9th street. If you want food poisoning, go to Rosy's Taco Bar. It's too bad because I wanted a taco spot close to my house but this place is terrible.It is so loud in this restaurant; there is nothing absorbing the sound so everyone's conversations reverberate off the floor and ceiling, and the music is blasting. It is also very big; it goes back pretty far.
Our appetizer came out the same time as our entrees. We got sopes, but they tasted like cardboard - hard and flavorless. Our tacos were pretty good, but by the time we finished the sopes, they weren't as warm as we had hoped, and the tortilla wasn't heated up before (picky but important).
The service was slow, but I think they were understaffed and our waitress appeared to be new. The host stand is in the middle of the restaurant for some reason, even though 95% of their traffic is going to come from Walnut. The prices are very good. Under $10 for tacos, and $28 for a pitcher of margs; the menu is well-designed. We didn't get drinks this time, but I'll likely give this place another try to see how their margs compare to El Rey's.Truly think Rosy's has some of the best tacos in Philly!!! Catch me there for every #tacotuesday. I loved the tacos and the margaritas​. Can't wait to come back!!Checked this spot out last night w/ my girlfriend and I couldn't have picked a better place for our date night. It has a really cool setup inside with a second level in the back that leads to another bar hidden in the back..Candles lit everywhere made it feel super cozy and it wasJust dark enough to feel romantic but not like they forgot to pay the light bill. I love the red brick raw walls inside. I bet they spent a fortune making the place look unfinished.lol.. and I love it!
We were coming from a friends wedding so we had already eaten,but the sound of Korean BBQ tacos were to hard to resist trying... Now I'm not big on Mexican food outside of tequila but I love Korean BBQ and these jawns were so on point. 3 to an order which we shared but I could have ate 3 orders myself, they were that awesome. And they have a hot sauce wall with what looked like 100 different hot sauces we could choose from. Which is a nice change because usually you only get a choice of siracha, Tabasco, or red hot when you go out and I have that stuff at home. 
Our server Erika was really nice and friendly , and she knew how to answer all my menu questions. I asked her a recommendation for a drink and she made them all sound so good that I figured I'd start with the basics and get one of there flavored house Margarita's. Let me say, there is NOTHING basic about the house margarita.. Got it on the rocks instead of frozen but the slushy ice they used made it seem like a frozen drink.. which is rad. My gf is pregnant so I ordered a mocktail for her and even that was well beyond what we expected... 
I am really looking forward to seeing this place developer over time. I'm really hoping they use the place to do a DJ night or 2 there because the place would be perfect for that.. maybe some Latin/tribal house music or something.. If you are still reading this, you are wasting time.. Get over to Rosy's and see for yourself...This place is gonna be a big hit in the city.. Mark my words..I absolutely love this place. Been there 3xs now since it opened!! The ambiance food and drinks are amazing!!!! It's a must.. great to go on a nice day with the big open windows!The food was awesome. Got seated right away. Ordered their Nachos & Chicken tacos. Food arrived quickly, they served water without having to ask. Everything was reasonably priced with decent portions of food. Great service, highly recommend.We had no problem getting a table for 2 at 6pm on a Saturday. Sometimes they have fun events; they were doing face painting for dia de los muertos when we came. 
They seem kid friendly. There were a lot of families with small kids there, and I noticed they had plastic children's cups. 
The service was excellent and super friendly! We ordered the pitcher of margaritas. They were superb margs, and the pitcher had about 6 drinks. 
The large chorizo nachos were excellent! It's a lot of food, and they're super generous with the meat. The tortilla chips are substantial (nice, thick chips) and crispy. We did just that and one order of tacos and were good on food for two. The tacos we had were a daily special: brussels sprouts with sweet potato glaze, pasilla chile and apple bits. The brussels sprouts in there were fabulous! I recommend it if it's on special again!Stopped by around 8:50pm on Monday evening. Service was slow given the small number of people here, but the food came out very quickly.
An order of 3 Al Pastor Tacos- $9. They were good but I've definitely had better and more flavorful tacos elsewhere. I also found it odd that they used grilled onions rather than raw one, definitely negatively contributed to the flavor.
I also dislike that you can't order single tacos or a plate of 3 different tacos at the same price as a plate of 3 of the same tacos. You can do 2 with rice and beans for $9, but this is the same cost as 3 of the same tacos of many kinds. 4 pre-chosen different ones for $14 is also an option.
Overall a decent spot, but on my search for the best tacos in Philly, not the winner.Rosy's is amazing. I wanted tacos one day so I checked out Yelp and found out about this new place. I've worked downtown for a while so I get tired of the same things. I walked into Rosy's and immediately noticed the decor. It's nice on the inside and it was cold that day but it was very warm walking in. I ordered the chicken tinga, chips and salsa and a drink. Everything was great! I wanted more tacos but I had to get back to work. The only con is that they are only open for lunch on Friday. It would be nice to come in and get tacos every day of the week.Great addition to the neighborhood! Went to happy hour on a Wednesday night, and had no trouble getting a table for two. The happy hour is a great deal ($6 for 3 tacos!), and the tacos are loaded. They aren't the most creative or the best tacos I have had in Philly, however they are good and the price is spot on. We got an order of guacamole, two different tacos, and margaritas for $40. Our server was nice and everything came out fairly quickly.
Overall, if you are looking for a place for solid, consistent margaritas and tacos I would recommend!I came here for brunch on Sunday at 11, and really enjoyed it! My friends and I all decided that we would add it to our regular rotation. Two of all did the deal with 3 drinks + brunch + churros. I wanted Mexican coffee but they were out which I found surprising since they had just opened, but I know they're new and working out kinks with how much of things they'll need! I got mimosas instead which were regular ol' mimosas. I also got the breakfast burrito which was HUGE, delicious, and kept me full til dinner even though I couldn't finish. It was one of the best I've had! For the churros, I took off one star because they brought one serving of churros with 3 small churros for the 3 of us to share. We thought we should all have gotten one serving each of the 3 small churros since it was listed as part of the deal. This honestly may have been a mistake, and we didn't ask. The churro I ate with dulce de leche sauce was SO GOOD, and I definitely wanted more! I will definitely come back.The best nachos I have ever eaten in my life. The bartender is amazing and movie mondays are a classic. Great neighborhood bar!I went to this place soon after it opened and it is pretty great for cocktails or a light meal by the window. I got the chorizo taco and a cocktail, and both were delicious - but the food really didn't settle well with me that evening and the day after.  It's a nice addition to a neighborhood that is lacking in good mexican food.Luckily I went on a Tuesday's and enjoyed my tocos for a dollars a piece. They were all great,veg being my favorite and chicken my least. The sangria is very good and service was okay considering it was super busy!I gotta say, it was ballsy opening up a spot right next to Revolution Taco. It holds its own and really created an ambiance unique to itself. Rosy's has a tight menu that's full of appetizers, tacos, and tortas. They do it all really well. Service is on point. Rosy's also offers specialty tacos like Korean bbq, cod, and shrimp, but I think the classic tacos are where it's at. House margs also have a heavy pour compared to other spots.
The restaurant is very romantic; very very dark and candle lit, but I think maybe a little brighter would create more traffic; I thought it was closed when I passed by. Additionally, I don't get why the host is in the middle of the restaurant rather than the front. The food and the service is awesome, and I would recommend this spot to anyone that wants a nice marg and some no frills tacos.Food was great. Good salad, really nice queso. House margarita was pretty good. Too bad the bartender was too busy taking shots to pay attention to us. Asked a reasonable question about an allergy (literally "any nuts in this?") got ignored with no answer by the bartender and the food runner. Might go back in a year if it's still there.A new favorite in the neighborhood. Definitely the best tacos nearby by a long shot and a fun vibe. Brunch, drinks, everything is excellent.I'm visiting Philadelphia from out of town, and my friend and I stumbled upon this restaurant for brunch. We did the $30 brunch deal where you get a meal, 3 drinks, and churros. Both the food and the service were amazing! We got Huevos Rancheros and it was absolutely delicious, followed by an order of guacamole. The eggs were perfectly cooked and the guacamole was very fresh. I highly recommend both. Our waitress and the bartender were both highly attentive, making sure we were enjoying our meal and had plenty of mimosas. Next time I'm in the area, I'll be sure to visit again!Delicious enchilada. Friendly bartender. Super quick service. And $4 margarita. I'll be back.Rosy's is a great little spot. 
The ambiance is awesome and can be a place to grab food on a date night but also somewhere to do a Sunday Funday/watch the game. I've ordered several items off the menu and everything I had -  nachos, tacos, tortas - all were awesome.
I'm taking a star off because I think the service leaves a bit to be desired. I've been here a few times since they've opened and it's been inconsistent. Some of the bartenders and servers are great, and others seem to be bothered by any little request. 
Overall recommendation: check it out.Great selection of Tacos and much more with a great staff! Great for eating in and taking out! Josh was a great when I dined in with friends, and while waiting for takeout one night, a bartender by the name of Trevor was very kind and helpful. Rosy's is my new go to spot!Came here on Friday night. This place was very busy but they have a lot of tables in the back so we were seated right away. We ordered al pastor, carnitas and cod tacos. They were all pretty good but the portion was quite small for the price. Our server was a bit slow.I literally drive 40 minutes for takeout here from Jersey.. it's that good. The food is always ready right when we walk up to the takeout window, and the food is still warm by the time we get home j dont even need to warm it up!! Idk how you can leave anything less than a five star review, the food it perfect every single time and the employees are always so chill, friendly, and accommodating. The drinks are 10/10 even to go. They now have indoor seating but their heated tent is still set up which is nice. I don't even like nachos but theirs are truly something like you've never tasted before i can promise you that. I cant wait to dine in here once covid is cleared up and try the food fresh!! If you're trying to decide between this place and somewhere else.. stop your search here, this is easily the best taco joint in Center City. You're welcome.
Ps. Sorry i didn't include any photos my food is gone within five minutes of looking at it. Presentation 10/10.This was probably one of the worst brunch experiences I have ever had and one of the weakest responses from a manager. I hosted a 15 person brunch for my husband's birthday at Rosy's Taco Bar and they were clearly incapable of handling a crowd for brunch service. 
We made the reservation  a week in advance and two days before I called again to confirm and to inform them that we needed one high chair. I was told this would be no problem and we would be seated at a low top table to accommodate the high chair. When we arrived at 12:00 pm for our reservation we were taken to a high top table with no high chair. The manager immediately said he had not been informed of the high chair and it was too late to switch us to a lower table. This would be the first of many times the manager made an excuse to avoid taking responsibility for an issue. There were too many issues to outline them all, but here are a few:
- We sat for 30 minutes without even a glass of water or any server coming up to us. I had to ask for a waitress to come over so we could get waters and coffee. 
- We sat for 60 minutes without any food or offers to refill our drinks.  I had to find the waitress to ask that our water glasses be refilled. 
- There were several systems issues related to all the delays (i.e. no clean mugs available which delayed the coffee, lack of silverware available, being told that the decaf coffee carafe was actually not decaf and just labeled that way) 
- The communication from our server and the manager was so poor and every time we asked for something we needed, we were given a laundry list of excuses for why it couldn't be done. The most frequent excuse was 'sorry we are busy today.' They seemed to be as full as a typical Sunday brunch place.  Clearly this establishment doesn't do well when it actually has customers. 
- The manager attempted to 'make good' by offering us a free round of tequila shots - not really appropriate given the vibe of the event and the guests (he wasn't great at reading the room especially because I am currently pregnant). 
- We ordered a single scrambled egg for the 10 month old that was present. The baby's mother asked if that could come out first while the rest of us waited for our meals. The waitress listed several reasons, related to the kitchen, why the egg could not come out first. Then, not only did this single egg not come out early, it was the last thing to come out after all the full meals had been served and after the final three delayed meals came out. And we had to ask about it multiple times. 
- Several people in the party ordered the price fix menu and the waitress had to be reminded to take orders for the drinks that were included in the package. 
- The food was so slow to come out that several guests had to leave before the dessert (which was included in the package they paid for) came out. Ultimately only one dessert order came out despite the fact that 12 of us ordered this package. 
- The waitress was clearly frustrated with the disorganization and lack of set-up she needed to do her job, but this translated into taking an attitude with people in our party and not taking responsibility for her role in the lack of service. 
I had to approach the manager several times during the meal. I asked the waitress to get him and she said she asked him to come over on three separate occasions but he appeared to be avoiding our table. Ultimately, after telling him that this service was inappropriate and unacceptable he agreed to adjust the bill. It didn't change the fact that it had soured the mood of my husband's celebration.  It is too bad because the food was actually good - when it came out and wasn't cold. 
If this place wants to be successful, they have to work out a lot of kinks and really improve their communication, with each other and with customers. I do not recommend this place for large groups. They really just can't handle it and were not open to feedback.Everytime I come here I feel like I am passing a Kidney stone when recieving the bill. 
Camarones Tacos- Jumbo shrimp, pickled jicama, cotija cheese, and crispy garlic. Three per order. THESE ARE NOT JUMBO SHRIMP. I REPEAT THESE ARE NOT JUMBO SHRIMP. Taco taste like a flour tortilla loaded with odd tasting cheese.
Chips and Salsa - $8 for chips I paid and the chips were stale as hell. I am a lover of chips but even at this price point no matter how good they are they do not justify that amount and I stand by my original review that they should come free in any Mexican restaurant.
Tequila - I paid $30 for there smallest order of Margaritas which serves four. It was premium Tequila which is $6 extra but this bill came out to over $60 with a tip for take out.
ONLY COME HERE FOR HAPPY HOUR or if there is a current pandemic and you have no way of getting hard liquor due to liquor stores being guarded and rationed like fortresses securing national treasures.
1 Rosys Classic Margarita Pint $7.00
 Premium Tequila $23.00
1 Camarones Tacos $13.00
1 Tres Salsas $8.00
Subtotal $51.00
Tax $4.08
Tip $5.00
Total $60.00Everything was fine until they charged us 18% in taxes. Manager couldn't explain why, and said there was nothing that they could do. They did not apologize.Everything was amazing! We had the veggies tacos, chicken tacos and chicken nachos. Soo good! The fusion of cheese and refried beans on the nachos was absolutely perfect. Margaritas were delicious AND the service was fast and friendly. I will be back!Went to Rosy's a few weeks ago for happy hour and was very pleased. Although busy, there was only a 5 min wait. Ordered tacos, nachos, queso, churros and margaritas. Everything was delicious!! I will definitely be back for another visit.Nachos were superb! House margarita was above average! Corn salad was perfectly spicy! Hot sauce bar/Wall was everything!! Will definitely be back for more on my next trip in Philly!I love this place. The drinks are great and the prices are reasonable. I recently came here for brunch and was pleasantly surprised to find out they have a killer brunch deal: $30 for 1 entree, 3 drinks, and churros. Really can't beat that! Their happy hour is also awesome. Can't say enough good things about this place!Loved the spicy Marg, great bartender and phenom playlist.  Looking forward to checking out the food next time.  People looked happy and food looked good.Shortly after I arrived in Philly over this past weekend, I used Yelp to locate food closest to the 30th Street Station. I love tacos, so figured I'd give the place a try. Very cute spot, awesome service, and delicious tacos (I chose the Chicken Tanga). I also tried the fruit punch frozen margarita. 
I need Rosy's to bring its talents to DC. Thanks in advance!Big fan of Rosy's in west Center City (North Fitler Square?) and have come here quite a few times since it's opened. They have a great happy hour that offers cheap tacos and discounted margs, which are solid! The guac is also really good and they give out a decent portion. We usually end up needing more chips, which is a good problem to have! Good service, good prices,good ambiance. 
The inside is deceptively big as well. You can't tell from outside, but the majority of their tables are in the back along with a whole other bar.Excellent margaritas! This place was perfect for a last minute happy hour. Chips were crunchy and fresh and the queso had a nice kick to it. I would definitely come back here for a meal.Had a wonderful time! Food was fresh and beautifully presented, the service was friendly and very helpful. Our server was patient and knowledgeable about the ingredients in the food offered. We had a reservation for seven people. Only five in our group were able to join us. The Manager made us feel most welcome and rearranged our seating so that we were most comfortable!! Definitely will be back! Margarita's were delicious!3.5/4 stars: The service was average but the food came out very quickly! We ordered drinks, nachos, churros and chicken and chorizo tacos. Everything was pretty good except I thought the chicken tacos were pretty bland.Best tacos ever. Also the fries were amazing for some reason. They're just regular fries, but they're so good and they come with a chipotle mayo dipping sauce. The decor is cool and this would be great for a date night. Try the churros with chocolate sauce for dessert.Stopped here for some tacos and margaritas! We got the carnitas tacos, and WOW...they were so good. The meat was juicy, tender and flavorful. Some of the best tacos I've had in a while. My blood orange margarita was also delicious. When I'm back in Philly, I'll definitely come back to Rosy's Taco Bar.We went here for the first time last night. The atmosphere is great and the food was even better. We had the nachos with chicken and carnitas tacos which were to die for. The frozen house margarita was one of the best I've had in a while. Took off one star because our server, Carlos was condescending and disappeared during our entire meal only to show up at the very end and say "sorry I couldn't be here."  Not sure what that even meant but if we get better service next time then this place is perfect.I stopped by Rosy's after work one day on a Friday and caught their happy hour deals. A group of us ordered nachos and a pitcher of margs for the table. Nachos were good, but nothing crazy. I had the carnitas and al pastor tacos and they were very flavorful! I especially enjoyed the al pastor tacos. Loved that they had a hot sauce bar area to choose from. Also had the churros for dessert with the option of a warm caramel or chocolate dip. I was surprised at how big and spacious the place actually is. I'll be returning to catch one of their other weekday specials!Nothing bad to say about Rosy's! The service here has always been great. The food is tasty and I love their guacamole. It is definitely worth the ten dollars. I go to Rosy's for their happy hour tacos and guacamole. It is a really cute place with awesome food. I would definitely recommend this taco joint.This place is amazing ! The food is phenomenal (especially the nachos) and the mango margarita is delicious. The decor and vibe is so dope.Trevor was so friendly and so accommodating. 10/10 would recommend.Food ok, service a deal breaker. I have been there twice since it opened. Both times the service was slow, and the second time it was painfully slow. It was a quiet evening, only a couple people there. I really wanted to like the place but when all you want is a beer and a taco, how long are you really prepared to wait?So we went here on a random date, and honestly wish we didn't. I had the tacos and was hospitalized with food poisoning. :) super overpriced for what it is, will never being coming here again, and not sure if I ever want to eat another taco because of them. Super disappointed and extremely sick.Rosy's you have become quite the staple in my foodie life.  From $1 tacos on Tuesdays, in general an awesome HH M-F, and the weekend brunch which is the best value in the city ($30 - entree plus 3 drinks); I am not sure why you don't have lines around the corner. 
My favorite options from the menu:
- Brunch: breakfast tacos
- HH - nachos
- Dinner - chorizo tacos and plantains 
Looking forward to tackling the remainder of the menu and making it to one of your trivia nights!Came here on a Monday relatively early before Monday Night Football and this place fills up pretty quick!
Started with there Monday special $4 margarita pictured below and it was pretty good for the price point. Ordered the Alambae, comes with chopped steak, pork chops, bacon, onions, white wine sauce, cheese...yes quite alot. It is the most expensive item on the menu at $18 but as far as the item itself very good. The flour tacos that come with how so cute too! Look how small these frickin things are ( great for the person cutting down on carbs). You can ask for more flour tacos for no charge was my understanding as well as they are not pricy to make.  So why the three stars?
No chips to start out? No salsa with the meal? C'mon. These are staples. And as I was eating my meal throughout the meal I kept thinking dam this needs salsa but with the crowd filling up and not wanting the food to get cold I pounded through this meal sans sauce and tacos :(
I would come back for happy hour but also have many more Mexican restaurants to try in Center City and the surronding area.A nice treat for brunch. I went here with a gf for brunch and we both selected the special, 3 alcoholic drinks, an entree with a side of churros for $30. We both opted for a burrito and it was delicious. The drinks however weren't great. The mimosas were pretty much just orange juice and the margarita I was served was extremely salty. I would return for food but doubt I would spend a ton on drinks.Amazing tacos and margaritas, service for delivery from caviar was missing an item and they made it right immediately. Great people and consistently amazing food. Tough to find spots like this!Ok to start off the house margaritas are amazing and STRONG!  I had 2 for happy hour and that was enough. They also have a full hot sauce bar where you can pick your own sauces. I tried 3 and loved them all. Food was decent. The place is pretty big and I think you can reserve the back for private parties.Rosy's is the BEST place for tacos near Rittenhouse. The ambiance is great, albeit a little loud, but their food and house margs can't be beat! Their Friday night special for a $15 margarita pitcher is the perfect excuse to head there this weekend.I love this place. Atmosphere is great. They have a bar in the front with seating and then regular seating the back. The margaritas are great and so is the food. I've gotten pretty much every taco on the menu and they're great. My favorite is the Al Pastor. The corn...THE BEST EVER. My friend and I come here for the corn. Highly recommend it!They have a great Chips & Salsa starter. It comes with 3 types of Salsa & lots of chips. But the real catch is the margaritas. They have the best Blood Orange Frozen Marg. It also has a great atmosphere with indoor and outdoor seating.Working nearby, I think Rosy's is going to become a new favorite Happy Hour spot for me and my colleagues. The deals are great--$25 for a pitcher of traditional margaritas on the rocks, which came out to about 8 drinks. We also split two orders of tacos ($6 for 3 tacos) and an order of chips and queso. The chorizo tacos were amazing... super well-seasoned and fresh. The chicken tinga tacos were just OK... they needed more flavor. Chips were fresh and tasty, and queso was solid. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive, and the vibe inside Rosy's is cool and quirky. I'll definitely be adding this into my rotation and looking to sample the rest of the menu!I went to Rosy's for the first time for dinner, and I really enjoyed the atmosphere and food! The restaurant itself is a lot bigger than I thought it looked from the outside. There's a bar in the front, and then lots more tables as you walk in the back. We easily got a table for two on a Thursday night. 
We were really indecisive, so we asked our waitress for her suggestions, all of which we ended up ordering and really liked! First, I ordered the pineapple margarita. I think it was my favorite flavored margarita, having only tried the blood orange and original flavors.  It wasn't too sweet and you could really taste the pineapple. We then ordered the chips and guacamole, which were really good and a perfect portion for two! We shared the steak and al pastor tacos. I liked both, but the al pastor tacos with pineapple were my favorite! This surprised me, since I didn't think I would like pineapple in my tacos. 
Finally, we ordered the churros, which were a must-have! They were so good and warm. I think they use dark chocolate sauce, so I ended up liking the caramel sauce the best!Below average food. Upcharged on simple things. Poor selection. Much better Mexican places in the city. No need to go here.Really great neighborhood spot! I'm not a huge tequila fan, but I loved the fresh pineapple margarita. I also really enjoyed the "Coreanos" tacos (Korean-style short rib, guajillo chili paste, kimchi, radish, and chipotle mayo), though the meat was maybe a touch over-cooked. My friend and I also split an order of chips and salsa; they bring you three different salsas of different heat level. I appreciated that they offered more chips after we made our way through one basket! Service overall was great, quick, and attentive.I had delivery from Rosy's twice now.  Everything both times was fantastic!!!!
Tacos, rice n beans, guacamole, frozen plantains ......yummy!!!!!We went to Rosy's on the recommendation of a neighborhood guy so Rosy's is definitely finding its market. For us it was just too loud. The group at the bar had been there for hours and their volume was stunning, even for a place with "bar" in its name. It didn't work for us. 
The nachos were quite tasty and great ratios of toppings.  If there is something you don't like (raw onions, sour cream) pay attention. All the tacos had chopped raw onions.  
Our server was good and friendly. 
The tacos were filling. It would be fun if one could get variety rather than three packed with so much of the same meat.I want to really love this place, and give it 5 stars for delicious food, but delivery is seriously the worst. I've ordered from Rosy's a few times, never ate-in, and only on once has my order ever arrived when expected. My go-to's are the shrimp & fish tacos, plantains and churros; all of which are amazing. Just be prepared to wait... and wait... and wait some more.This place has a GREAT happy hour! Pitcher of Margaritas for $25 and $5 queso with chips! Def give this place a try! It'll be well worth your time and moneySuper pumped to finally try this place and man was I disappointed. For a taco bar they had the wackest fish tacos. Boiled cod? No thanks. And the plating was just poor. The nachos were great so I do recommend those. 
Now for the worst part- the service. First of all, you walk in the front door to a sign that says walk around the bar to be seated. Ok. Fine. Then we get seated. The chairs are not made for people with asses but that's not necessarily their fault. Ok so anyway our server didn't come over for a long time. When someone finally came over, the person (who was a server in training) basically slammed the water down and walked away. Ok. Then we wait. And wait. Finally the server comes over and doesn't introduce himself or the server in training and acts annoyed that we are going to order. Looks down at the thing they use to put the order in electronically the whole time. We ordered nachos with guac and fish tacos. After a short while someone tries to give us chips and guac. We say no it's nachos and guac. About five mins later, same thing happens. About ten mins later our food comes. As you read above- nachos yay, tacos NAY. Server come to check on us in passing. Then we wait some more. We've finished. We're so mad that we're spending beau coup bucks on meh food and drinks. Oh yeah my marg was fizzy. So then my favorite part. The server finally comes over and laughs about how twice they tried to give us chips and guac and how we should have just kept it and had a nice treat. REALLY DUDE? You see something happening and you just ignore it until the end when we're paying. He was all buddy buddy when the card came out. 
All in all we were super disappointed and will not be back. The nachos were good (hence the second star) but the experience was poor enough for us to stay away.WOW what a steal! We came here to try a new Mexican place and will absolutely be back. It was brunch which included a deal: $30 for 3 drinks, a meal, and churros. Our server/bartender was awesome answered all of our questions and made alterations to the menu for my friend who is a vegetarian. The atmosphere is great and margs are strong. 10/10 would recommend!Honestly, this a hidden gem. I came here for the first time on a late Friday night looking for anything that appeared delicious and was still open 12AM. Their tacos are delicious-yet over priced. However, they do have $1 taco Tuesdays which is unheard of. The drinks are also delicious.Food was good. Nothing exceptional. Did like that nachos were available in a small portion. House margaritas were very light on alcoholBooo! Go for drinks but steer clear of the food. 
I was looking forward to trying this place but I was so disappointed. I went to celebrate cinco de mayo with some friends. The margaritas were good and there were a lot of different fruit mix ins and specialty cocktails on the menu. Strawberry, blood orange...drinks with mezcal etc. ceviche was boring and lacked flavor. It would have greatly benefited from more lime. We also had tacos - carnitas and al pastor. Both were over salted and overpriced. The carnitas didnt taste fried and oily and crispy like a traditional Mexican restaurant. 
It may be good for those who like Americanized Mexican food, but not for those who like to hit up authentic down and dirty taquerias.Cute new spot in rittenhouse! They finally decided to do something with the space that used to be the Roosevelt bar, and what an upgrade! The restaurant is spacious with plenty of seating, and has the fun but still dark and intimate vibe you'd expect from a taco/margarita joint in the city! Came here with a girlfriend on a Friday and chatted the night away over blood orange margaritas, guacamole, and tacos! The guac was delicious and came in a sizable portion, and the chicken tinga tacos were outstanding. Favorite part of the place is the self-serve wall that shelves nearly every type of hot sauce you can imagine--although my go-to for tacos is always valentina! It's not a cheap joint but what I would expect from Rittenhouse--got 3 margaritas, 2 orders of tacos, and guac all for $70!Great happy hour tacos & drinks! Would definitely come back. Tacos are small so load up.came here on Taco Tuesday with a few friends and we had a great time! We all got tacos, I got the shrimp and chips with queso. Everything was amazing & the margaritas were great! The bartender Josh was amazing! I will for sure be coming back here againI went on a Tuesday (dollar taco night) so consider this review biased - but the tacos were terrific. Would've had no problem paying full price. Bartenders were friendly. Has a fun, casual atmosphere. Open late (till midnight) for the late night craving if you live nearby like me. Will be backI've been here a few times for tacos which were decent enough to lure me in to try their brunch offerings. 
I would rather go through a three year drawn out divorce than eat their divorced eggs again. The avocado slices were brown and gross. The sausage looked funny and didn't taste great. (I loved the way they cut the sausage, it gave me a good giggle) overall the dish was very bland and lacked any sort of substance. 
The tres leches French toast was okay. They probably shouldn't have gone with such thick slices of bread. The custard in the center was a bit cold and runny. 
Our waitress did not come by to check on us or refill our water until we were done eating and ready to settle the check. 
I still believe the tacos here are decent. Avoid brunch foods here.As a new resident of Philly, Rosy's was a great find. I love the daily specials and events, specifically there trivia nights. The host is great as were the associated specials! I had the chicken tacos and queso, both were delicious.
I can't wait to come back for another trivia night!We were searching for a new more chill place to get food post happy hour! As a dedicated helper, we happened to stumble upon Rosy's! This place is a treasure between UC and CC! The inside is actually quite spacious and well decorated. We ordered fantastic margs and some papas fritas to start out! We then ordered al pastor and el pescado tacos! The fish tacos were absolute fire! The softness and freshness of the fish had me craving for more! The al pastor tacos were well flavored and fresh as well! The tacos are easily enough to get me to come back to this place! Glad we discovered this place :)Food is above average, but service left something to be desired. Came here for Sunday dinner. We had a reservation and were seated immediately, but waited over 25 minutes for a server to come to our table or even get water. The most frustrating part, was another party who was seated after us had a server come to their table immediately. 
Once we were able order, our food came out fast. The esquites we got as an appetizer was definitely the star of the show! The tacos were also good, a bit on the smaller side, but flavorful. I would definitely recommend getting an app to share with the tacos, otherwise you might not leave full. I would definitely come back to give this place another shot, hopefully the service is a bit better the next time around!I ordered Rosy's for the first time for delivery tonight. They did not disappoint! Their tacos are the bomb. I had the al pastor and chorizo tacos. I also got the steak quesadilla. I am impressed. So much flavor. Excellent portions and price. I will be ordering from them soon!Stopped by this corner restaurant and immediately felt it calling my name. COVID-19 has many places offering outfoor seating now like this place and carry out orders through a window. There was a wait for a table so we placed an order to go. Just a quick snack before dinner. Chicken Flautas and Papas Fritas. Let me tell you, I wish ordered 2 of each or more. The Flautas were so flavorful, crisp tortillas, delcious chicken, and fresh lettuce and avocado topped with crema. The papas fritas came with an amazing chipotle mayo, ketchup, and a green spicy sauce. Will absolutely be back and order much much more. Carry out order are very easy and fast. Food was hot and fresh. Impressed, I am a fan.