Traveling in Philly on my own and wandering around the city center  looking for dinner.  Tons of trendy places but I noticed this sleepy Lebanese restaurant and decided to give it a try.  Very good decision.  I ordered the Baba Ghanoush, Shisk Kebab and Baklava.  Everything was superb.  I can be a tough reviewer but they really hit the mark across the board.  The shish kebab, in particular, was really tender and nicely flavored. The rice was nicely flavored and the vegetable on the plate freshly cooked for the order.  They also served a traditional whipped garlic on the plate which added a bit of zest.  They brought some additional hot sauce at my request but it wasn't really needed.  In any event, if you're local and have never made it inside or a tourist like myself, it's a solid meal at a very reasonable price.  Just to show this is balanced, the atmosphere is ok but deserves a little updating.  But if you're judging on food alone, I'd give this place 5 stars.I went here with a large group and had a great time. The food was fantastic and reasonably priced. I had the falafel and hummus platter, which was delicious. It came with a very fresh salad and side of pita bread for dipping. The rest of the group ordered a variety of dishes that were equally as satisfying.
The service was decent and could have been a little better. We had to flag down the servers to get a refill on drinks, and it took a while to get our check. Otherwise, great place! I'll definitely be back.Came here for an impromptu dinner on a Saturday night with 4 other people. We were luckily seated within less than 5 min but were told that you need to make a reservation for 5+ people. Service was a little slow because it was busy; we had to ask to be served water and to be given utensils. However, our waiter was extremely kind and welcoming. 
I've come here a couple of times before and enjoyed my food every time. The platters are very filling and cheap ($12-$14 on average). This time I ordered the falafel Baba sandwich (falafel, eggplant, tomatoes, lettuce & tzaziki sauce). I made it Lebanese style (pickles & French fries) for $0.50 extra, but without the pickles. This was filling and delicious! The french fried in the sandwich were actually sliced potatoes and not french fries, but it still tasted good. 
I like that this restaurant has vegetarian options on the menu. There's three variations of the falafel sandwiches on the menu, a falafel platter, and a mixed veggies platter. Definitely coming back soon!This is a great restaurant with delicious and fairly priced food. The portions are filling, and they have a good number of vegetarian and vegan options. I had the falafel sandwich and it was  a m a z i n g. This sandwich is vegan - the only sauce they use on it is tahini sauce (which is really flavorful). The sauce looks creamy, kind of like yogurt based sauce, but there is no dairy in it. I'll definitely be visiting when I'm back in the area!I'm not really sure where to even start because there were so many good points about Sahara Grill but let's begin by stating that their food is really delicious. Their hummus with ground lamb and pine nuts is AMAZING! The bowl was wiped clean with pita bread; it was that good. 
For an entree I ordered the mixed grill because I really wanted to try everything and everything was fantastic. One thing I need to point out especially is that I appreciate that they didn't hold back on seasoning/spices. At least here in Orlando, the majority of the Lebanese places offer bland food that cater to the American palette, why? Why hold back on making something truly stand out? The people here at Sahara understand this, and the food shines because of it.
They are BYOB; enough said.
The waiter/waitress were so attentive and kind, they really made us feel welcome.
The prices are awesome, especially when you consider how much food you're getting, and when you compare to what other restaurants on Walnut street charge per plate. 
I would absolutely make it a point to eat here if I'm ever in Philly again; it was truly a great dining experience.We were in the Arts district and looking for dinner. Yelp to the rescue. Because of the area - there are many a steakhouse and other pricey options in this neighborhood. We wanted something a little more casual and not so expensive.
Sahara totally did the trick. It's a pretty small place, but I knew from the moment we walked it we were in a good location as there was a large group of middle eastern teenagers just hanging out. Another group came in while we were eating.
It says "home cooking" on their sign and I believe it - the food was absolutely delicious, and probably the most authentic I have had. The hummus was so good, very smokey. I got chicken and couscous and it was so yummy! 
Decor wise it was average - totally acceptable but nothing to write home about. Only four stars because the service was a little slow, and inattentive. They never asked us how the food was - not once, not even a the end of the meal. So four starts. We would definitely go back!In some sense, you'd love your experience at a restaurant to be memorable. Great, hospital service, excellent food, interesting ambiance, and so on. On the other hand, you don't want it to be memorable. Intrusive service, lingering tastes, overpriced food, and unclean environment.
Well, I don't remember much at Sahara Grill. Even though I went there yesterday for lunch. Maybe it's because I grew up around cuisine like Sahara Grill's. Mediterranean, Middle Eastern, and specifically Egyptian. My shawarma was normal. I gobbled it up pretty fast and enjoyed it. But it wasn't mind-blowing--nor was it so horrible I could never forget it. Too much pita, not enough beef, but enough fresh veggies, cumin, and tahini sauce to make it worth my while.
I do remember the fact that it cost $7--when it should be 4. C'est la vie in Center City.I went to Sahara Grill last week and was less than impressed.  They were out of the Shawarma we ordered but the mixed grilled plate we ended up with was pretty good.  The pitas were definitely the low point--not heated up or prepared in any way.  I can get dry, cold pitas to go with my hummus at Superfresh, thanks.So let me start by saying how much I love their food. The owners and employees have always been friendly. They always remember me by name, and know who I am by my telephone order.
Recently they added Chicken Shawarma to their menu, which I absolutely love. I always check to see if its available, and when it is, I order it. I also love their Lamb Couscous.
I always order takeout, and they've never once made me wait longer than they said on the phone. That is a rare and very respectable norm.This is an economical but very tasty middle eastern restaurant. The food is authentic and the waitstaff is extremely friendly.
We ordered the Combo appetizer (baba ganoush, olives, hummus, feta, marinated eggplant, carrots, etc.) for the table. Everything was great, but the baba ganoush was exceptional, by baba ganoush standards. 
The Kafta Kabob, Falafal Hummus and Shawarma (lamb) were superb. 
The only reason this didn't get a 5 star is that the waitstaff and kitchen were so enthusiastic that they delivered everything all at once. They didn't give us time to get through the Combo platter before the table was overflowing with plates and it felt too rushed. 
The owner (or at least he acted that way) was attentive the whole time and came over to talk to us at the end about how the couscous from Algeria is different than the couscous from Morocco.
This isn't high end dining, but it's very good value and you'll leave feeling quite satisfiedWent to Sahara because we didn't want to go to a pretentious, slick, trendy place.  This place fit the bill!  The food was cooked nicely and tasted delicious.  Service was good but our main course was delivered before we finished our apps.  The bathrooms could be cleaner and the dining room updated, but overall for a nice meal at a decent price this is a good option for those who are not into the "scene".food is decent. their meat is well seasoned and tastes good. however, the portions are slightly on the small side. their hummus is quite good. ambiance and service is mediocre and the price is slightly high for the things they offer.I've been a costumer of Sahara Grill for over a year now. The food is amazing, its probably the best Mediterranean food I've had in Philly. If its just for me, I usually get the Middle Easter Combo--totally worth it and great for just one person or to share it if you get a small portion of meat on the side. Costumer service is good, never disappointed!Nearly every time I'm in the city I've gone here to eat. 90% of the time i've been very satisfied, a couple times the rice in the grape leaves was mushy. I recommend the hummus, very good!, THE kibeh appetizer-also great! I like the lamb and the chicken with couscous. Also, you can get the lentil soup, and they can spice it up, excellent!Really amazing Mediterranean food. I loved the Chicken Shish Kabob. Ask for the green sauce on the side if you like spicy and you won't be sorry.It was a hot day but my friend and I both got a bit sick after eating here.  Also it is not the cleanest.Pretty good food but service was slow (it was probably beside we came during dinner time).Third time coming here with the family before seeing the Philly Orchestra. Got the Sahara fries, pickles and Mediterranean combo for apps.  Omg delicious!!!
Their Sahara iced tea has the perfect amount of mint, it's so refreshing.  I love the waiter, he's always super friendly and accommodating.  We keep coming back since this place is cozy, family run, and so delicious!I have to agree with most of the other 3 star reviews by other Yelpers. Sahara Grill was neither memorable or problematic. It was OK, nothing more, nothing less.
The service was very good however. There were only a couple of other tables and everyone was extremely polite. The restaurant's space in clean but nondescript and generic.
We had a few dishes, Baba ghanoush, the mixed grill. Shawarma and grilled shrimp. Maybe we have been spoiled by some of the Mid Eastern restaurants in New Brunswick or Star Manti in Riverside but nothing was really special. The serving sizes were good and the spices interesting but we were hoping for something more.Recently, I was venturing Center City with my partner and I happen to crave Mediterranean food, after searching on yelp I came across Sahara Grill. That was the best choice Made! Service, food, vibes of the place were amazing. I will definitely return to eat there again!My hubby and I used to frequent this place almost every other week before the baby. Their food was always sooooo good. Meats were tender and the salads are delish. So it was hard to think that it had been three years since my last meal at there. Searching for a BYOB on Yelp, I came across this place and was extra anxious to return, especially since it has been consistently receiving good reviews over the past few years. Just went on Friday, and BOY it did not disappoint. The lamb kabobs were so tasty. The hummus and baba ganoush were among the greats. And the pita?? It definitely served it's purpose. The service though was ho hum. It wasn't extra attentive and cheesy, but they weren't rude, full o' 'tude, nor did they try to rush you. My gf and I could've sat all night and finished our bottle of wine if we didn't get a hankering for cappuccino. Ok, all-in-all, just go. Bring a bottle of wine, try the salad combo as an app, pick an entree (they're all pretty good), and enjoy.Had chicken kabob - was delicious, served with a little garlic paste on the side so you can use the amount you want. Nice salad (with light balsamic vinegar) and pita bread served before the meal. Staff here was friendly and quick to serve.Meat hummus is yummy, a definite must try! Plain hummus and Sahara fries are just as good- though they were a little skimpy on the fried onion topping on the fries. Don't try the Sahara iced tea. Minus one star since Too much of a wait for the check. Waited an extra 15 minutes for it.Pretty good. I just got a Hummas Platter. Good Price ($9.95 plus tax).  The Hummas was delicious!!! Salad was pretty normal. Falafel was a bit disappointing as it was dry and cold.The white sauce is garlicky good, lamb is tasty, grilled chicken very tasty. We tried the semolina dessert which was probably good but not my thing due to rose flavoring. The halwa reminded me of astronaut ice cream.
The bathroom was clean and spacious.Um.... amazing delicious food, fast service, relaxing ambiance and kind wait staff. I loved the music in the background. It made me feel like I was far away on vacation instead of 2 hrs away from my home town. I recommend the musaka. It was absolutely delicious!I ate at Sahara Grill over the weekend, and it was decent enough. Not the best Middle Eastern food I've had, but it was good. Our waiter catered well to my gluten-free needs. He confirmed that there was no wheat or flour in the sauces and marinades in my dish, and because the rice was mixed with wheat vermicelli, he instead substituted fries, which he also confirmed to be gluten-free.
The chicken schawarma I ordered was tasty enough, but nothing spectacular. The chicken was well cooked, though I couldn't really taste many of the spices that were supposed to be on it. The sesame yogurt sauce for the chicken was really nice, though (I'm not exactly sure what it was called, but it tasted similar to tzatziki, albeit warm instead of cold). The grilled vegetables--peppers and zucchini--were actually my favorite part of the meal. The fries were standard. I doubt they were handmade on premises--they looked pre-packaged. They tasted good when dipped in the sesame yogurt sauce, though.
While I would go back here again to try something else (maybe a beef or lamb dish), I'm not in any particular rush to do so. It's worth mentioning that their dessert "menu" consists of nothing but a small piece of baklava (which I couldn't try, of course, since it's made with wheat flour), so this isn't the place to go to if you're looking for a variety of sweets after your meal.The rice was fluffy, well-spiced and delicious.
Everything else was pretty blah.  Inside, Sahara Grill is dark and a little dingy.  The couscous was oily, and the pita was cut up and stuffed back into the plastic bag from the supermarket that it came from.  Not impressed.Came here with my wife for lunch. Love the ambience. Great location. From quality is fantastic. Had the beef kebab and Kobideh. Hummus with meat as an appetizer. The quality serving size and pricing are perfect. Not one complain. Courteous staff . Also gladly brought the free iced tea for the check in. Would love to come backI love Sahara Grill. I go there at least once per week for lunch. It's just a small Lebanese restaurant on Walnut St, right off of Broad. The food is all economically priced, and is extremely fresh. My favorite is the Middle Eastern Sampler. Hummus, Baba ghanoush, pita, olives, tabouli, and more! 
This is a wonderful place to have a health meal, and can be a fresh breath from the standard salad.For the price, this is great!  Convenient to Kimmel Center, so this has become our go-to pre symphony spot.  Middle Eastern food always a win for GF!This is one of the old school lunch spots in Center City, which also happens to be open for dinner. They are what I would expect from a mom-and-pop/family owned restaurant. The service is efficient, but not overly bubbly. I definitely wouldn't say it is unfriendly, either. Maybe it's because I'm a repeat customer, but I've always been asked how my food is, and the servers seems pleasant and smile. They just aren't trained like you would expect at a high end or chain restaurant.
Aside from the service, I actually consider this to be one of the better Middle Eastern restaurants around. The food is good, and consistently so. They've been around for a long time, after all, and seem to cook the food themselves. I love their sandwiches. The shawarma and the falafel are my favorites. My wife loves the dish with couscous and lamb. I also get carrot or orange/carrot juice, as long as they have carrot juice.
In short, this is a great place to grab a good, reasonably priced meal in Center City Philadelphia. Nothing fancy, don't come here in a suit or anything. Just expect a good, healthy middle eastern meal.We came here for the first time last year, for dinner before a concert.  It was incredible! Decided to come back again. Absolutely delicious.  It's a cozy hole in the wall with great ambience, excellent prices, and amazing flavor!!  We had the pickles and olive appetizer which is zesty and amazing.  Also had the combination plate app.  Perfect for 4 adults.  Scrumptious!  My husband had the shwarma, I had the Lebanese spiced chicken.  My parents had the chicken sandwiches.  The flavor was incredible with everything!  The garlic paste on the plate is so good on the grilled veggies.  I could eat this every day!Pretty good menu for lunch! A group of us came and were seated quickly. We got the fried cauliflower and falafel for appetizers. We all loved the falafel!
I got the zucchini and feta platter, which also came with hummus and pita and a salad. I enjoyed the dish, although I got bored of the zucchini after a while. I thought everything had good flavor.
The decor of the restaurant is nice. Good comes out quickly, so a nice pick for an office lunch. Service was just one waiter and it got slower as our meal went on so it took a bit to get our check, but overall very nice. Wouldn't mind coming back for another quick office lunch!This place is sucks, the service is also sucks, very expensive, food do not have taste at all, I ordered Homos and falafel combo, the taste very smellier to anything except Homos and Falafel, and Also I order Tea with ment, it was horrible. Beside all that we order desert called Konafeh, and they bring to us totally different desert and they insist it's what we order.
while we are there, there was a big group of student, they had another bad experience like they missed up with there bills and there order.
we were 4 people, we had bad experience and we do not recommend anyone to go there, I'm not sure how this kind of restaurant can service tell now with this kind of service.I have been going to Sahara Grill since it was opened back in 1999 (or 2000). It is my go-to place for better flavored middle-eastern food, its not as bland as the other restaurants with the same genre and cuisine. I almost always order the mixed grill platter and I have almost never been disappointed. The service is very polite, very pleasant, the space is in the pure heart of Philadelphia downtown which makes it even more convenient and there's a paid parking right across.
I have to say, that since going to this place for so many years, I've noticed the quantity has decreased with the skewers but the food still tastes great. Their new white sauce is not as impressive, tastes like sour cream (maybe that's exactly what it is) but if you ask for the spicy green sauce, that really adds more flavor if you needed it. 
Overall, my family and I love to dine here at least once in 2 months whenever we are visiting Philadelphia. I highly recommend it.One of the best Falafels in town. Great service.. and quick for those who want take-out.
Get the falafel with hummus and feta cheese sandwich! 
Comparable to Saad's, Hummus, and Maoz but all 4 are very different.  This place is great to sit and eat with family as well. There are entirely too many places in the city trying to serve up falafels and only a few are worthy of a good review.. this would be one.Some of the best Midddle Eastern food in the city at great prices. You can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches or entree dishes. Everything is seasoned to perfection and large servings. Great for dinner or lunch. Outstanding!Very good food and service. 4 stars as we had to wait for a table to be cleaned and the item we ordered was not very well described. Other than that, the food was very tasty!Rating: 4.5 stars cost adjusted
Review: For what we paid, dinner was really good. We had great appetizers and the kebabs for main course were a pleasure.
The decor is a bit shabby, so don't use this place to impress a date. Otherwise, good option. 
BYOB3.5 stars. I got take out. The service was fast and friendly. The humus was heavenly...buttery texture, tangy and bright. Nice presentation too. The chicken fatush salad was standard although the addition of grilled zucchini was a pleasant surprise. The salad was dressed lightly with olive oil and a mild dried spice blend. I would order it again but it's nothing special. I'll definitely go back for the humus...it is just wonderful!Ok food. Prices are high. Place needs a good cleaning. One of the workers was telling me he knows me from somewhere or that i look familar? Weird. To many other and better places to make me ever wanna come back here.I was disappointed by the tough, fatty lamb. Not baa-aad but not good either.Best shawarma chicken I ever haaad ! 
The fries with onions and jalapeños is the bombFood was perfect, meat tender and delicious. Falafel perfectly crispy on the outside. Grilled veggies perfectly flavorful and grilled to perfection. (;
The staff kindly helped me figure out what to order and let me substitute items to meet my picky needs and desire for variety.  Portions perfect.  :)The food is okay nothing gonna blow ur mind and nothing gonna make u pissed but the " tea with mint " didnt taste like mint and it was warm not hot 
The place is dead from the inside and outdated 
The waiter acted like he hated his job so bad 
Gosh .... Smile or  just say something nice man
Its costumer service 101 
Nobody seated us we sat by ourself and i asked the manager should i set here he didn't even answered me  . Simply it runs by amateurs 
The bathrooms are dirty and not working 
The hallway seems like its gonna take u to the halloween castle 
Seats are ripped and was a black tape on them
I wont recommend it and not coming back to pay a 100 $ for this kind of service 
If u want a good middle eastern food in philly 
Check the turkish place at 3ed and southHad the mixed grill platter and it was delicious, it came with a variety of meat, pita bread, salad, grilled veggies and rice! Waitstaff was very friendly, they weren't the fastest but it was fine because we weren't in a hurry. Atmosphere was ok. If your looking hungry for middle eastern it's definitely worth checking out!AMAZING. 
Their sandwiches are fresh and delicious! You can choose from a variety of meats (lamb, chicken, beef), and to add another kick to your meal, you can pay a little more to make it "lebanese." The flatbread that holds the sandwich is crispy and chewy at the same time.
I tried their lemonade and mint tea. The lemonade tastes very fresh and not too sweet. Their mint tea is just that: mint tea. No frills or covers.
If I lived in Philadelphia, I would probably come here every week...Almost all of the negative comments are from foodies trying to show show off. Me and my wife having been coming here for ages and we've never had a bad meal.I first stumbled on Sahara Grill a few months back when my friend and I went looking for somewhere to eat dinner after failing to get a table at Barbuzzo and have been coming back ever since.
Sahara Grill is an unassuming hole in the wall with delicious yet  unpretentious and affordable Lebanese food. Casual vibe with laminated menus and plastic cups, but the food is great!
The Grape Leaves and Hummus are both must tries. For an entree, go with a Shish Kebab platter or the Moussaka - you won't be sorry! The mint tea is also a must have.When the middle eastern food cravings hit, this is the place to go. Never had a dish i didn't like and usually am able to bring leftovers home with me. Highly recommend getting multiple plates to share so you're able to try a variety of items from the menu.They had one of the best hummus I have tasted.  The people were nice. The meals are huge and fulling. I ordered the falafel with hummus and feta and it was delicious. The falafel wasn't too dry, the pita bread wasn't too chewy and everything was just good about it. I also had iced tea which is nothing to write about. I should have gone for the Mango Yougrt drink instead. 
The only things that bothered me and my friends was the loud Arabic news channel they were playing and it was bit too hot in there. 
But all in all cheap and good, full-filling meal.Average quality with tiny portions! I had the beef Shawrma and my buddy had the chicken, we both thought that our portions were small. The taste is not bad but it's not the best. The restaurant itself is a bit old and needs renovation. I was in Philly for a couple of days only so I didn't have the time to try other restaurants, but I'm pretty sure this isn't the best you can get there. I dropped about $20 for an entree and a drink, so it's super expensive.Hands down the best Middle Eastern food in Philly.  The creamy hummus is amazing and the lamb schawarmas are to die for.  I absolutely love this place and eat there one a week.So impressed! This place has the best dolmas I have ever tasted -perfectly balanced mint and creamy rice- and serve delicious food all around (I have only tried their vegetarian options, so can't speak for their meats).My boyfriend and I absolutely fell in love with this quaint, undiscovered restaurant. We went on a Saturday evening and the restaurant was not even close to busy. The menu was fairly inexpensive, as lebonese food should be, but they have a great dinner deal for 2. Two complete dinners for $50. The service was impeccable and the food was delivered to the table in record time. Our favorite dishes were the hummus, baba ganoush, and the falafel. I am not a falafel fan, but their's is fantastic. It's a BYOB, but they will provide you with cute little wine glasses. This is now our favorite restaurant! ;)A very nice surprise in downtown Philly. Really good food, family run restaurant. Very fresh tasting. We had the mixed grill (chicken, lamb and kafta), which came with Lebanese rice, grilled vegetables and garlic sauce. We also tried the tabbouleh salad, hummus, mixed pickle and faol.  I would recommend!3.5 atars for food - I gave it 3 - because it's just not THAT wonderful.  I had eggplant salad and a falafel platter.  Good - but not as good as Mama's.  Will elaborate more later. (Pressed for time.)We were in the area for a day (from NY) and decided to lunch at this place! The environment is very nice and inviting and the food is pretty good too! We got Sahara fries, hummus with lamb, mixed grill and a shawarma sandwich. I used to live in the Middle East and have had my fair share of shawarmas. This one is pretty good out of the ones I have had in the US. The portion sizes are pretty good too. We had leftovers! While it says its a Lebanese restaurant, I dont understand why there is an additional fee to make the shawarma "lebanese" style...Other than that, its pretty solid food. IF we are in the area again, we will definitely revisit!So yummy. Mixed Grill Platter was excellent. Baba Ghanouj rocks. I can't wait to go back.I was looking forward for some good middle Eastern food, but Sahara Grill was just mediocre.
When I stepped into the restaurant at around 1pm, nobody greeted me. It was my first time here and I wasn't sure if I was allowed to seat myself or not, so I stood by the entrance hoping to make eye contact with the waiter who was sitting in the back with an open laptop. He seemed to be pretty engrossed in his laptop, and so I gave up and sat myself. Still nothing. I thought I was doing something wrong, so I walked up to the waiter and then he finally told me, "If you're not taking out, just sit."
Pretty rude, I thought. But oh well. Maybe he was busy doing... taxes. I don't know.
So I ordered the Kafta Kabob when he finally decided to come over and hand me the menu. The food was just okay. My sandwich was overwhelmed with lettuce. Way too much. The ratio between lettuce and meat was probably something like 8:2, and I had to search for the meat amidst the crunchiness of the leaves. However,when I did find the meat, I realized that the meat was well seasoned, so it's pretty disappointing how they failed to be more generous with it.The food is always good here. I have only ordered lunch but am looking forward to coming here for dinner.I have been to the Sahara Grill two times. The first time I had the Shwarma, and the second time I had the Falafel with Hummus. Both were good, thoroughly filling, and under $8.00.Good selection, easy location, decent prize.  What's to complain about?
Seems like a great place for vegetarians, even unintentional ones!  I ordered a beef kabob wrap and struggled to get through the whole salad that had also been crammed in with!Hands down best middle eastern food in town!! Friendly family owned authentic food and the owner is very down to earth, he made sure that we were taken care of. We had a little chat and it was clear that he is very passionate about his establishment. I am from the Middle East and the kefta here is just as good as the kefta I had in Lebanon.This is our go to place for fresh lebanese food. The best dish on the menu is actually several: the combination of appetizers and grilled meats. Its about $50 for 2 people  but so worth it.  The yogurt drinks are also very good.I've had both the chicken shwarma sandwich and the platter.  Both are delicious.  I also love their hommus.  I eat here almost every time I come to Philly.  Service is average, decor is dated, but I come for the food and leave satisfied.Great food and atmosphere. The shawarma was great. Reasonably priced in the heart of Philadelphia.  I definitely go here again when I'm in Philadelphia.Best falafel and hummus sandwich around. I'm not sure i'd have dinner here, but it's a great spot for a yummy lunch.The food and service was great!!! Will be dining here again soon! The hummus was  delicious and the beef kebabs were on point!Short & sweet - I go to this place once a week. My favs are the chicken salad and the falafel platter. I don't go for the service or ambiance which is just "eh/fine" - but yummy all the same.I went to the Sahara Grill today for lunch. I had the Chicken Shish Taouk, which was grilled chicken, garlic, lemon, olive oil, Tahini sauce, spices, and some other veggies. It was excellent. The chicken was done just right and was crammed full of flavor. The spice blend used in the sandwich was also pretty awesome.
The food seems reasonably-priced, but the portions are a little on the small side, at least in my opinion. The service left a little to be desired, as it seemed pretty slow at times. I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt though and assume that it was a combination on understaffing and the lunchtime rush.
Overall, definitely worth a visit. I myself will definitely be returning.Great food! The restaurant decor is...basic, but who cares when the food is this tasty! One of the better kabobs I've had anywhere!I found this place on Yelp because I was looking for something a little different. I had the stuffed grape leaves platter. I loved the grape leaves! They were amazing! It comes with a small salad, hummus, and a pita. The hummus was very good as well. I also asked for an iced tea. I was very surprised at how good it was. It's a mint tea and very flavorful. I will definitely come back again!Verdict : Shut up and go eat their shawarma! 
The place is clean and the prices for the sandwiches are good. It's filling and tastes great. Service was nice and the food came out quick!This Lebanese restaurant was fresh and delicious and very reasonably priced. The service was weak but I am overlooking that because my lunch companion got a phone call from overseas and kept shooing the waiter away for our first 10 or 15 minutes. I can't blame him for later inattentiveness.On average, this was a 3 star experience. 
The good: food was excellent. I had one of the best greek salads there--I ate every last bit of substance on my plate and pretty much drank the rest of the dressing.  I also enjoyed the tabouleh salad because the main star was parsley instead of wheat, so a nice healthy twist to it. Other people who got entrees and dessert seemed to have really enjoyed their food as well. I give the food 4 stars.  
The bad: There was only one waitress working. It's never good when all I wanted to start off was a glass of water, and it takes her 40 minutes to bring out two pitcher. We had 12 people there, and those pitchers were only enough for 5 of us. It took her another 20 minutes to bring out 2 more pitcher of water. We were waiting to order for a good 20 minutes... she just kept ignoring us! Then when our food came out, she forgot what I had ordered.. They also wouldn't split the bill. Service is 2 stars or less.Love this place.
Although the service might not be great, and for that the price of the food is a little on the expensive side, I crave sahara grill. And their chicken platter.
It's a good middle eastern cuisine at a good location.  Their stuffed grape leaves were good, pretty generic.
I love how they gril their chicken.  It's not too dry and not burnt and perfeclty done.  They also grill some vegetables--a nice touch.
The salad is very good as well.
The rice is sometimes way too moist and I get a little turned off by the texture, but the spices involved in it is very good.
Try this place out if you want good middle eastern food! There aren't many others around the area that make good chicken!best food EVER! sharwamas are the best. Outstanding! Great servers. My favorite is the chicken or lamb shawarma Lebanese style. The humus with beef is quite delicious as well. I've been going to this restaurant for about 7 years, they are warm, friendly and very reasonable. Everyone I take there loves itI visited Sahara for a late lunch with my family and it was well worth it.
we all enjoyed the food ,the meat was honestly well cooked and very tender ,chicken was juicy and the rice was so testy.
The staff were very kind.
Overall a great place to sit and enjoy a good meal.