Very cool place. It is the best sushi I have in Philly. The fish is fresh. I like the king salmon. The chef is very nice.Food: duck taco was a great addition the omakase! The bite size sushis are refreshing to say the least! The meal is great value for $58 and their team is very passionate about the food which is always a plus.
Environment: this little joint, although small, really makes it a cozy environment. It makes the focus all on the food rather than any flashy designs.
Cost: perfect for the value of an omakase. Nearby places cost $150/person.
Tip: get the toro and uni pieces!!!A welcome addition to the sushi and omakase scene in philly as well as the society hill/queen village area. 
The seating area is lovely decorated and has a very intimate vibe whether you go for either lunch or dinner. The bar seats 12 and there are a couple of small tables too so I imagine it gets pretty full once lunch or dinner time gets going. 
I went for lunch and was seated immediately. Everyone from the hostess to the sushi chefs were so polite and kind. Whether you've had experience with an omakase or not they'll walk you through it.
I got the lunch omakase which includes chefs choice 8 pieces of nigiri sushi and hand roll. Since I had just walked in from the cold they gave me a complimentary bowl of miso soup to warm up! I got bluefin tuna, king salmon, scallop, otoro salmon, salmon roe, chutoro salmon and the wagyu beef. Each piece of nigiri sushi was super fresh and melted in your mouth. At the end I was comfortably full. 
The other person who was there while I was there had the lady lunch which is two pieces of salmon and tuna nigiri, yellowtail ceviche, salmon roll, and rock shrimp. She said it was great. 
You can make reservations on resy and there is a link on their website to reservations.
So either way, they've made me a fan with their affordable prices for phenomenal sushi and their quiet location super close to me means I'll be back lots.A nice addition to the budding omakase scene in Philly. The presentation of the fish feels a little rushed and I think the fish on display could be arranged a little neater. For high quality fish, the display case gives off the feel as if it is any run of the mill sushi restaurant, rather than a quality omakase. The chef is very friendly and the wait staff was attentive. The prices extremely reasonable too, especially for the fish they offer. I'm hoping they iron out their process in the next couple of months, one star off just for new restaurant kinks that can definitely be worked out.Great experience again at the s 2nd street,The service is impeccable and the sushi is perfection!
YAN is the hostess with the mostess and helped me carry my suitcase up the stairs when I left. I started with a complimentary cup of sake which was a gift from Tuesday at Handies by Bou.
Here's what was on the omakase menu tonight
Hamachi-Yellowtail With chives
Akamai-lean tuna from spain
Chu toro-medium fatty tuna
Botan Ebi-spotted prawn with uni paste  so good
Ikura-salmon roe (eggs) which I opted out on
albacore Bincho Maguro with ponzu sauce
scallop from hokkaido with black charcoal salt very sweet !!!
Uni - sea urchin come from california
Karma-toro-fatty Tuna which is colar part of tuna
king salmon with yuzu is little bit spicy
Eel which was a little bit charred perfectly to eat
I am totally addicted to sakana sushi and wish i can live near by!!
thank you give me best experience!!Spectacular omakase experience at Sakana! Came here with a group of girls on a Sunday night after winning a free omakase dinner through an instagram raffle and I was beyond impressed! The chef made every effort to perfecg each piece of sushi and described the preparation and presentation. He even had us try fresh wasabi and offered extras not included in the omakase. Sakana really strives for excellence and Japanese authenticity. We later reviewed the menu and I was impressed with the fair price point for the quality. 
Look forward to coming back for omakase in the future! Philly was definitely missing a great omakase restaurant.I have been eating sushi since I was 5 years old. I am from NYC and have experienced some of the best sushi. This places beats them all. I am hesitant to write the review because it will get busy and I won't be able to get in, but they deserve a stellar review. I love their fish - it's hard to go anywhere else.Top notch quality and flavor. For the price $58, this is way way better omakase than other ones , probably the best I had in Philadelphia. the chef knows what he is doing , so for someone enjoy omakase, you will not regret. This is not the place you will bring empty belly, this is the place to open and activate your taste bud !I had the pleasure of going to Sakana after I won the free Omakase dinner last week and was absolutely blown away. The quality of the fish, presentation and attention to detail were all incredible. Super friendly staff to top it all off. It was a very unique experience and we couldn't have enjoyed it more. We will definitely be back!!Awesome experience. One of the best sushi I have tried in Philly. Service was great!. Good job. Highly recommended!Came here for my birthday and this place blew my mind! Every piece was crafted to the best, so fresh so delicate, extremely clean taste. If you enjoy Omakasè, must try, I'm serious. So much better than one on New York that price over $100. You won't regret!!!!!When I saw there was a sushi place in Philly offering $58 omakase, I knew I had to try it. It seemed to good to be true and I'm glad to say Sakana far exceeded all my expectations and is such a steal! We were seated promptly when we arrived and got these expanding towelettes to wash our hands.
My boyfriend and I got the Signature Omakase with 12 pieces of nigiri and everything was AMAZING. Our sushi chef explained every piece to us and why they chose these flavor combinations. I enjoyed how unique the tastes were - black salt, uni paste, truffle sauce and Waygu beef are not what you'd expect when you think sushi but they paired beautifully with the fish and I always appreciate when chefs are creative with their food.
Overall, amazing service and amazing food for such a good price. I will definitely be back whenever I'm craving sushi in Philly. One note though: it's a relatively quick meal service if you're going for the omakase (you'll be out within 30 minutes to 1 hour) so don't expect to sit around for hours.Exquisite omakase. Sam is a super great host and very passionate. Have had omakase for twice the price elsewhere that wasn't as good. Can't wait to go backI've been lucky to eat at some of the best sushi places in nyc and I would say Sakana in on par with the best sushi I've eaten. The sushi chefs are super friendly and explain everything very nicely. Each course was delicious. They cure all their fish in house and everything was fresh and delicious. I will be backWent here for dinner and was blown away by the Omakasè. The sushi chef was a previous sushi chef from Masa and he certainly did not disappoint.  The hot dishes were amazing and every sushi items were perfect. No soy sauce needed to cover up the taste of the fish and also not offered which is how sushi should be enjoyed. The only thing that I wish I had known was that this place is a BYOB. I would have liked some Sake but next time I will pack a bottle to enjoy with the sushi.  After we were done and enjoying a chat with fellow diners, the chef decided to continue providing us with new dishes to try. I was overwhelmed by the whole dinner.   A real gem!!!1st omakase experience in Philly and Sakana didn't disappoint. Kenny was our omakase chef,  even though he was a bit quiet and shy, he took care of us so well. Sam, the main chef and owner, was really knowledgeable and passionate about omakase. He definitely wanted to deliver the best experience to his guests. I highly recommend Sakana for every omakase lover.Best omakase experience I have ever had. Just $58 for twelve pieces and it also have $108 for 4 appetizers and 15 pieces sushi. I love omakase and tried different restaurant in New York but they are all over priced. Sakana is worth to try with yhe lowest price but highest quality. I am amazed that the chef had worked in Masa for 10 years！！You can enjoy the highest quality omakase in Philly now！Came a second time for dinner with two others and each got the premier omakase. I had made a reservation online through resy. 
Got there on time and was promptly seated. Everything was great and tasted super fresh. The rice could have been a little tighter though as a couple of times the pieces fell apart, but the quality of the fish and seafood was great. 
I would recommend early or late instead of the middle as the place was super full around 7, and our meal felt kind of rushed at the end which kind of ruins the experience. 
But all in all, I'll be around probably more for lunch as the food here is pretty good :)You defiantly need to visit Sakana. The sushi is incredible and the chefs know what they are doing. We went on Sunday when it was not as busy. We had booked a reservation a head of time at the bar. Our chef was incredibly knowledgable. We got the large tasting and brought our own wine. Each bite was better than the next. The rice was perfectly done. The rice was not overly sweet like some places in Philly. The preparation of each bite was amazing to watch. The taste was indescribable and nothing like we have ever had before. We will definitely be back. Oh and the dessert was light and airy, just what you need as a palate cleanser. We left perfectly full.Unique sushi/foodie experience!
Each piece of sushi is a work of art.  The fish was absolutely delicious. I don't think I've had sushi this good in Philadelphia. Definitely a unique experience and not for someone focused on quantity.  Also - BYO (which helps compensate for the higher price tag)!Went here on the recommendation of a local chef-restaurateur - and we were so right to do so!  This was our first Omakasè experience, and top to bottom, it was great! The chef (owner?) was awesome. We opted for the large dinner. He took a lot of time to explain everything, was incredibly accommodating, and was friendly and funny - as was the rest of the staff. When my husband said he didn't like eel, the chef asked him to give it one more try. When it didn't win him over, he gave him a "replacement" dish of his favorite piece. He also prepared a special dish for my birthday, which was cool. It's definitely an experience for the adventurous, but we can't wait to go back again.Sakana was amazing. I love the intimate atmosphere and having the ability to learn from the chef. The head chef/owner is so kind and took his time to explain each course. We ordered the sakana omakase and it was bang for the the buck. We had wagu, uni, toro, and special fishes from Japan. Tell me where you can spend $108 for omakase that is of high quality. He worked at a 3 star Michelin restaurant so you know he will pull amazing tricks up his sleeve. Go and you won't regret it. Go with an open mind as well and appreciate each dish he brings out.Wonderful, delicious, fresh, creative and well served. These are the words I think of when I think of Sakana.  Definitely my new favorite. I eat out at restaurants a lot and can imagine no better sushi restaurant.Today is my friend's birthday. I get the Sakana Omakasè Sushi try first time. It's very surprise. I first time try the ice fish for sushi is very wonderful.20 course menu was fantastic.  Owner and head chef was extremely friendly and did a great job picking a menu that catered to our palette.  The fatty tuna (otoro) was my favorite, but every dish was exquisite.  One of the benefits of the 20 course meal was specialty fish that you could not purchase ala carte and the appetizer (duck/foie gras taco, snow crab, spinach, and ceviche)   He is one of the only chef's (if not only) in Philly that ages his fish, and the fish selection is extremely unique.  Sakana Omakasè is a must try, and I can't wait to go back.My wife and I and various friends have now eaten here about 10 times.  
It is certainly the best omikase we have eaten in the US, and certainly in Philadelphia.  Sam is very creative, buys only the best fish, and carefully ages many of them for very subtle flavors.  The quality and subtlety of the fish and of his creations is completely sublime.  The environment is friendly and fun, and he's done a great job making the space pretty and cozy.  For the price, this is insane.My husband and I went to Sakana for our anniversary dinner last week. The sushi was spectacular as was the wine service. Attentive servers kept our wine cooled and refilled our glasses repeatedly. The variety of sushi was nice, and I tried some things I had never had before like live sea sponge (delicious) and aged sushi. Wow! 
Overall a great experience, but there were a couple of things that sort of spoiled the evening. One was that the first chef we had for the first few courses was friendly and good about explaining the pieces of sushi. I think this is key to an omakase experience-- communication with the chef and feeling their passion for their food. But once the seats around us turned over, we suddenly had a different chef for the second portion and he would just mumble the name of the sushi, and if we didn't understand he would not repeat it. It may have been a bit of a language barrier, but I have worked with sushi chefs who barely spoke English and they could convey that passion with very little language used. So, that was kind of blah. 
The other thing was, the table they moved us to when we ordered one extra piece of sashimi after our omakase felt very disappointing. The sushi bar is so warm and cozy and feels special, and the table was completely bare-- no candle, no place settings, and I think it was even plastic. It completely changed the feel of the experience. 
In summary, I think it's a great place, but I would feel cautious about returning. I know it's billed as "budget" omakase, but in Philly (at least for me), dropping $300 on dinner is a big deal, and should feel more special.My first omakase experience and it did not disappoint!!! The staff was friendly and attentive. BYOB. We sat at the bar and ordered the premier omakase. It was only $88 (not $120 as originally priced). I don't consider myself an adventurous eater, but only skipped one dish. Some courses were cooked slightly with a blow torch, which was a cool to see. It was soooo good. Still thinking about it days later.
Note: omakase is supposed to be eaten with your hands. There is a stone with a little white sponge and water to clean your hands before eating. Figured that out halfway through the meal :)If I was only allowed to use one word to describe sakana omakase sushi, it would be: AMAZING.                                                                              
                                                                                Our sushi chef was Chef sam, who was sweet, informative, and friendly. He seemed to love his job and be an expert at his craft. While there is seating for twelve , there are two sushi chefs and Chef Tony exclusively served our four-some. I cannot begin to express in words the magic that was the omakase. Let's start with the sushi rice: it was perfectly cooked and seasoned. Every piece of fish was bright and fresh and perfectly paired with a small condiment, be it charcoal, truffle salt, wasabi, or some other delight. One of my favorite pieces was the wagyu beef with uni, which Chef sam blowtorched in front of us. 
  I could not have been more impressed by the level of service and quality of food. The only negative is that now I've been thoroughly spoiled and can't possibly eat sushi anyplace else.If I lived in the Philly I would dine here once a week. Absolutely incredible omakase! $58 is a big Deal,I would definitely pay upwards of $75 for the same experience. It's easy to reserve a table, just visit their website and click reservation button. 
I've been here twice now, and both times have been memorable experiences. It's a 12 piece course for 45 minutes also you can choose sakana omakese it give you 70 minute seat on bar. You can use chopsticks or your fingers to eat each piece. The 12 pieces consist of (not in this specific order): Yuzu Foam with Oyster,Hamachi, Ankami Tuna , Botani shrimp, Albacore, Scallop,hirame, Ikura, Salmon, and Toro, Wagyu Uni with seaweed(served in your hand), Unagi. After the last piece, you can order more. The seaweed used in the hand rolls are seasoned crispy and rice is warm. The Wagyu Uni Hand roll is amazing. Incredible explosion of flavors.love it.Did the sakana omakase...was an amazing experience. The fish was so fresh and they even have us nice stories of each piece and how to eat them correctly if there was one.
I would highly recommend to anybody who wants a good prices omakase in Philly. Definitely not cheap in quality but a good value.A very disappointing experience, came here with my girlfriend for dinner, the hostess have us sit the worst spot at the bar of the left corner. Expect the omakase experience but instead my only view was the damn sink. Our chef was Sam, the young man with glasses. Although he seem nice, and try's to start up a convo here and there. But the service of the sushi was terrible. Chef mumbles when presenting the sushi we're eating. I don't even think he knows what are the fishes called himself. Sushi was just little above average, they add a ton of their own soy sauce to disguise the sushi taste. Last but not least my check end up freaking $240 not tip included. Felt like I've been robbed and end up slight stomach ache when I got back home. Overall the hostess  and chef was nice and even gave us free sake. But the establishment should really step there game up. I will not be coming back here sadly.Definitely a place you need reservations for on a weekend evening. Small restaurant with sushi bar seating of approx. 12 and only three tables. Very traditionally Japanese in that way and for the smaller omakase menu you can probably get in and out in 30 mins.
Delicious meal and for $55 per head for the smaller of the omakase options. It was only 12 pieces, so we ordered 4 more a la carte and got some dessert to round it out.
The fish was really fresh and the pieces thoughtfully composed. Some people might complain the fish is cut too thin or that pieces were too small, but it is clearly intentionally done to achieve the proper mouth feel. With each bite the rice immediately falls apart in your mouth and melts with the fish to make for complex flavors.
The pieces walked the line between traditional and playful. The rice was more flavorful and vinegary, as opposed to sticky and sweet like most US customers are likely used too, which is more traditional. But a pinch of charcoal salt, a squeeze of the lemon, or a dollop of yuzu foam is what made it a little more playful.
Chefs were friendly and chatted briefly before the mad rush came in a little after 7. Then it was all business. Wait staff was very attentive. 
I will say that this is probably not my once a month a place or "go-to" place due to the price, but that the the quality and experience definitely makes it a worthy "night out" kind of place. It would be roughly $165 for me and my wife to get out of there feeling full. There are a few other places in Philly where the quality is slightly behind Sakana, but that I would get more quantity for say $120. Overall, a great experience and I will definitely be returning, next time with some sake since it is BYOB.It's decent. Went in a Thursday, no wait time. Inside the place looks very nice, they also have dehydrated towelettes. We got the signature 12 course, which means 12 pieces of fancy assembled sushi which were pretty cool and fairly tasty. Don't expect to be full after eating here, it's more for the experience. Kind of wish our server could have gone into a bit more detail on the sushi and the background of omakase. Won't come again until my income is higher, but if you want to try it once i would recommend here!If you're looking for good Omakasè (but don't want to spend $400 at Izakya - which is worth it by the way) this place is great!! We arrived for a 7:30 reservation and were not seated for about 20 mins after arrival, which could bother some people, but for us, we just cracked open our wine while we waited. There are 2 Omakasè options - the Signature which included 12 pieces for $58 or the Sakana Omakasè which includes 3 appetizers, a Daily special, 15 pieces, and a dessert for $108. We wanted to get 1 of each, however were told we both had to chose the same Omakasè option. As we prefer to fill up on fish rather than hot appetizers and dessert, we decided for the $58 option and then added additional pieces at the end. Every piece of fish was AMAZING. If I had one critique it is that I wish the rice was a little tighter. It fell apart with almost every piece that you picked up with your fingers. In addition to our Omakasè we ordered the Otoro hand roll which we both thought was the best item of the night, and the Daily Special which was a close second. We also asked the chef if there were any pieces of fish that were not on the menu that he recommended and had a few of those! Overall a great experience.The best omakase in the city. Sam does an amazing job with all sorts of great fish from japan.This is my favorite sushi restaurant in Philadelphia! The fish is so fresh and cooked well. The price is also fair for Omakase. Definitely would try again with friends.We had the Signature Omakasè (12 pieces chef choice; $58/person). Everything was amazing for that price point. The Chef and staff could be more attentive. I'm a lefty, but the placement of ginger dish was set to the right. We've been to fancier places and small details like that was noticed immediately. Remember to check in for free ice.My husband and I have been on a hunt for another omakase style restaurant in the area and found this one on yelp. Unlike the more well known restaurant in the city, this one was super easy to score reservations. We had a lunch reservation and honestly, probably didn't even need it since we practically had the restaurant to ourselves. It is a fairly new restaurant, so I wonder how long that's going to last because the sushi was incredible! So, so fresh. My husband doesn't like eel because every time we've had it, it can be super fishy. But this place changed his mind. Not to mention this place's prices are very competitive compared to the other omakase restaurant in the city. Definitely will be returning for their aged tuna they rave about. The chef was super nice! My favorite dishes were the hotate, shrimp with uni pasta, wagyu + uni, and wagyu + foie gras. Sakana, we'll be back!!!!!!WOW! If you want a sushi experience like the one you tasted in Japan, Sakana is the place to go. Hands down, the most authentic sushi restaurant in Philly. You will eat pieces of fish here that no other Japanese restaurant in Philly will have. The selection and freshness of fish is hands down the best in the city. The Toro is the best I had since returning from my trip in Japan. Melt in your mouth experience. Every piece of fish here was top notch. Follow there instagram at philly_sakana to see their fresh fish. Uni was out of this world also. Highly Recommend the Sakana Omakasè chef's menu. It's a 20 course meal worth every penny.  I will be back!We found this place when looking for sushi in Philly on a whim. We just got omakase in NYC a couple weeks back so we weren't sure what to expect. It definitely exceeded all of our expectations! The fish was very fresh and delicious with a very unique variety. We even got a delicacy that's only been in season for 2 days! The staff was super responsive and the chef gave us a extra tasting of awesome uni, which is my fav! The dessert we got was a green tea sandwich with dried cranberries and that's was the cherry on top. 
Would definitely recommend to anyone who'd like to try omakase! And even their normal sushi line is great as well!I dined in for dinner, it was just average Omakasè restaurant. According to price, i cannot complain but with $108 course meal they should improve their meal. Waitress asked us to start from spicy chicken to eggplant but how could we taste if they ask you to start from spicy dish to vegetables? My taste bud was numb for a while so I rinse it off with water and ginger. Overall, nigiri was too sweet and rice was pretty bad. However,service was good so I would give 2star.I would like to highly recommend this place. The quality of the nigiri sushi is amazing. The price definitely worths every penny. I've been to a couple of Michelin restaurants and I would say this one is better than most of the one-star Japanese restaurants. (Plus, it costs you less money) If you are a uni-lover like me, come and try their uni bowl with wagyu beef. The uni and salmon roe are just combined so perfectly.Listen. You literally just have to try this spot out and see for yourself. It's so unique and precious. "Quality over quantity" - it's a small spot with so much to offer... I literally can't wait to set up another dinner date with my lil lover.The fish was very fresh and nicely displayed but varied in the thickness of cut.  It seed as if the chef used basically the same sauce for all of the pieces with small variation.  We sat a the bar and ordered the 12 piece per person at $58 per person.  Our chef was pleasant but we both felt rushed .  It literally took a  minute for him to make each piece of sushi.  After he put it on our plate, he would stand there and wait for us to eat and if he heated it, he interrupted our conversation to say we needed to eat it hot.  We had no privacy, we're not able to carry on a conversation and was in and out of there in less than 45 minutes.  When The bill came, we were told we could pay $110 with cash or $125 with credit.  $58 x 2 is $116.00.  Obviously they wanted the cash for obvious reasons.  The presentation, creativity and atmosphere were lacking at this restaurant.  The fish was fresh but the rest of the experience was subpar.  I will not be returning.This is the BEST sushi in Philadelphia!  My wife and I have had our share of omakases, both in Philly (Morimoto, Royal Izakaya, Doubleknot) and in NYC (Sushi Nakazawa, Kousaka, Tanoshi Sushi) and I can definitely say this place is world class, and at half or quarter of the cost of some of the places above. 
They are very innovative in their approach, but holding on to a true understanding and respect for traditional Edo-style sushi, especially in regards to the rice.  We were lucky enough to have their kama-toro (fatty tuna back cheek... considered superior to otoro) topped with otoro and caviar, which was seriously perspective changing.  They also age their sushi, which brings a completely different dimension to the texture and mouthfeel of the sushi.  Our chef (who I think runs the place) was proud of his 12-day aged otoro, which was abso-f**king-lutely unbelievable... I was sad with each second that passed, as the flavor slowly disappeared.  
Other standout pieces include the ebi with uni paste (seriously wtf, feeling the ebi sort of "pop" in your mouth while the deep umami of the uni leaves you in bliss... we ordered a second piece), their wagyu uni (wagyu, seared topped with a beautiful piece of uni... we also ordered a second piece of this), their homemade ankimo (monkfish liver, considered the "fois gras of the sea"), and the uni/shiso tempura bowl with squid ink foam.  
I will say, I think their service needs to improve if they want to do justice to the caliber of their sushi, but it was all forgivable considering the quality of the food.  They are seriously a gem and I selfishly hope they remain low enough profile so I don't have to fight for reservations.  If you want a world-class omakase experience, take the time to have your mind blown at Sakana.This is one of my favorite sushi place in Philadelphia. The owner is a very nice person, and the service is great. We will come back again.This is definitely a restaurant aimed for a small group and bar seating, which is what makes it a intimate experience and gives you an understanding of what you are eating.There was a bit of a language barrier with the waitresses, but they aren't really waitresses they are hostesses and you place your orders with the sushi chefs mostly. The sushi was the best we have had in Philadelphia. The price was very very fair for the quality of the ingredients. The only upscale sushi restaurant we have not been to in Philadelphia is Royal Izakaya (and it used to be on our list), but honesty after trying this place, the quality of the food, the service, and the pleasant atmosphere, we have no desire to try go anywhere else for our omakase experiences.My first time here was for the signature 12 piece omakase. What an incredible experience. We ordered the miso black cod appetizer and that alone made me want to come back. Each piece of fish in the signature omakase was better than the last. Sam explained his process of preparing the fish through an aging process. The care and technique that the chefs put into preparing the meal is evident.
A few weeks later I returned for the full course sakana omakase and I was totally blown away. I do not typically spend this much money on sushi (or dinner for that matter) but Sakana is truly exceptional. If you are ready for a life changing experience (and you actually like the taste of fish ), I highly recommend. 
Already booked another bar seat! See you guys soon.This was my first time trying Omakase.  I have say it was a great experience and will definitely recommend this place to my friends and families.  The fishes were very fresh and my stomach was happy even after I ate so many pieces of raw fish.  The only downside was that we had to wait a little.An amazing combo of affordable, delicious and unique omakase. This is not an experience you'll get anywhere else in Philadelphia. This is such an awesome balance of delicious fresh or aged raw fish, and courses of things like tuna tartare with toast, spicy chicken skewers, and Japanese eggplant. I can't recommend this enough. For $100 you get a real and personal omakase experience.Amazing experience. Great vibe, sushi was out of this world, and each course better than the next. Chef was excellent, and explained what each course was, and answered any questions our party had. Definitely bring your own sake if you can - extra dry! Can't wait to go back!Even tho reserved a bar still need to wait up to 30 min+ the chef push to order the higher Omakasè which is 108  the server was nice but we found out that the server will not get any of the tips that we gave ! Was disappointed in this place!Amazing deal for the omakase. The interior is also impeccable. It's a small, intimate restaurant. The chefs are very amicable and will have a genuine conversation with you. It's affordable, but it feels like I paid for a several hundred dollar experience. Will definitely come back.Went for lunch and got the omakase. Wow. Couldn't be better.  Excellent variety of fish including a piece a wagyu beef.  Scallop with tiny bits of charcoal on top was amazing and probably one of the most unique pieces of sushi I had in years. Sam is so genuine and makes you feel like your at your neighborhood spot. Queen Village is so lucky to get this.  Will be back for dinner ASAP.This place is amazing. I highly recommend. The chefs are so friendly and knowledgable. The price is very fair compared to all the other Omakasè spots around the Philadelphia area!Snagged a seating by chance here tonight - Resy showed nothing open but direct call to restaurant got us the spot. And what an experience it was. Omikase sushi is not well-known in Philly and some might not appreciate the care and precision that goes into its preparation, not to mention the extreme high quality of the fish served. Every piece served by our chef Dan was meticulously hand-crafted and delicious. The restaurant is rather non-descript on the outside, but almost like a speakeasy in that once you are inside it is more of a surprising oasis offering an incredible eating experience. We got the 12 piece Omikase, added one additional piece, and found it to be plenty of food. BYOB was fantastic too.Went with my friend for her 22nd birthday. This place is quaint and small, but absolutely AMAZING. The staff treat you like family. We brought our own sake and they would fill our glasses every time they got low but we never ran out! The food was extremely high quality and worth the price. Everything is cooked in front of you and it's a nice and personal dinner. Really enjoyed going here and was so upset when it was over!!! I would definitely recommend this place to any sushi fanatics!Amazing sushi! Highly recommend going here. Omakase + BYOB? Yes, please! We went here for the first time and the variety of fishes is excellent. There are a lot of fishes you can't find anywhere else. This is also just like the fishes we had in Japan! I would go back again. Next time, with a larger group!I just had the most fabulous dinner with the most wonderful chefs! Tonight was opening night which I thought was yesterday.. I convinced a friend/coworker last minute to meet me for dinner. Her boyfriend and myself went for the omakase and she went for the *deal of the century* 3 rolls for $18. 
First let me discuss their menu..for dinner they offer a few different omakase(s) ranging from $58 up to over $100. Lunch is a little lighter starting at $20. They also have different hot dishes as well as al a carte options. I really thought I was going to need some of those with only a 12 piece omakase but I AM STUFFED. 
Since it was opening night, it was rather quiet with only a few other patrons filling up the sushi bar and a few curious neighbors popping in to see what's what. Our waitress was very attentive and opened our wine promptly. I noticed the ambiance was beautiful...with flickering candles lining the walls and a very faint music in the background. No one interrupts you..no one rushes you..they allow you to have the dinner experience you're looking for..but they somehow enhance it!!! 
Once the chefs knew we were ready to order the omakase they got straight to work! The sushi came at just the right pace and kept us in anticipation for the next piece. They do a fabulous job with their order of items. Some are mild while others are savory and others surprise you with an unexpected spice! Definitely a trip for your tastebuds!! We were lucky enough that they treated us to a few "on the house" courses!! THANK YOU!!
I highly..highly recommend Sakana for any evening (and please go for the omakase..you won't regret it!!). This is a wonderful spot for dates, intimate work dinners or casual evenings with friends and loved ones. Chef Sam makes small talk (interesting small talk) and you can tell they all have fun and take pride in their work. I felt privileged to dine here this evening and share a unique experience with great company. I will definitely be back..more often than not!!Worst Omakasè ever. Super small portion, the taste is the same for all fish, and the chief is not Japanese. Really disappointing. Huge rip-off.Great atmosphere, clean, calm and relaxing. Service was good, food was great! Highly recommend!Went for the full Dinner omakasa, it was wonderful. The quality of each dish was impeccable. The service is not as smooth as the NYC Omakasa restaurants but that will probably improve w time4-Stars but definitely potential for a higher rating on my next visit. Some new restaurant growing pains but they should be easy to fix. I ordered the 21 course Omakase for about $110 per person.
Pro's
- The fish is excellent, incredibly fresh and they have a wide selection of fish on the menu. Top 3 in Philadelphia for sure. I will be back soon given the excellent quality and unique offerings.
- The Omakase is cheaper relative to the city leader Royal Sushi.
- Still relatively easy to get reservations during weekend seatings
Con's
- They don't sell alcohol but have BYOB. Never been a fan of BYOB, I rather buy from the restaurant directly.
- Our sushi chef was obviously new or a temp as he was not allowed to cut the sushi, the other chef had to do it for him. He also kept forgetting to tell us about the Omakase courses (i.e. what type of fish he was serving).  The other chef serving the other half of the sushi bar provided detailed commentary about each course. Part of the Omakase bar seating experience is the interaction with the chef and half the customers at the sushi bar received a very different experience.
- I thought the restaurant design and atmosphere was a little plain.
Bottom line - Excellent quality sushi will bring me back soon. Give it a try before reservations become difficult to get. Sakana does need to up their game when it comes to the Omakase experience and interaction with their customers - this is required to compete directly with the city's best Royal Sushi.
BKGet in here now...you won't get in three months from now.  It takes a pair of stones to open an Omakase joint a stone's throw from Royal Iz, but these guys pull it off.  Intimate, small BYO atmosphere.   Focus is on quality fish flown in from Japan.   Incredibly knowledgable staff informing on each bite.   Just stupid good for the price.This is omakase sushi as omakase sushi should be.  Chef Sam is an artist drawing upon different styles of nigiri sushi from New York to Tokyo and remixing them into his own culinary story.  I recently just travelled to Japan and ever since I've been back, I've been trying to recreate that sushi high, and no other Philly restaurant has come as close as Sakana.  The rice is perfectly textured and vinegared to bring out the best flavors of the fish.  Sam is very creative in his pairings to make sure each nigiri piece has its own distinct flavor profile from smokey-sweet to melt-in-your-mouth fatty!  He even does aged sushi, which brings out the umami flavors of the fish.  I highly recommend this - you just have to be ready to trust the Chef and try everything he serves you.  You won't regret it!Overpriced and you need to be prepared for this style of eating. I've eaten all over the world and this place needs some help ... and to think about their prices for what you received and what the neighborhood can bear.My friend and I ended up here on a quiet Tuesday early evening. We had read that this new sushi place had opened up in the neighborhood. At first, I was hesitant about going in just because it was empty at 6:45pm, but I'm so glad we did. The place is small with most of the seating grouped around the sushi bar. We tried the Omakasè nigiri menu for $58. The sushi that was prepared for us was delicious, and the chef chatted with us, explaining his method which combines both "old school" and the New York style of sushi. He also explained the aging method for some of his sushi (I had no idea that certain fishes can be aged), and then we tried his aged mackerel and it was divine! I liked everything we had. The sushi combined both inventive and classic methods. I also liked the low key, relaxed vibe of the place. It was upscale dining without the upscale pretensions. The chef was also very accommodating to us esp. since my friend had a shellfish allergy and I didn't like certain things. He catered the Omakasè to our preferences. We'll be back whenever we want a good sushi fix. And the sushi bar was filled by the time we finished our meal!Philly mag dubbed this place Omakase on a budget. While the value is exceptional, this place served some of the yummiest, most unique sushi I've had in a while. It was a super lovely experience- great ingredients, beautiful flavors in a simple and intimate environment (ie we didn't have to yell to hear other). What they do for their Kumamoto oyster had me asking for seconds... and dreaming about the next time I get to have that delectable bite. Everything the chef prepared was stellar. We will definitely be back to try the 21-courses and the sashimi  omakase. The service was exceptional.My friend took me to this small but amazing place.
The chef Sam has been doing sushi for many years. He told us he worked in a three star Michelin restaurant in New York before. My waitress was all smiles and very attentive! I will recommend the O-toro with Uni paste, the best I've ever had. Affordable price for the high quality sushi,I will definitely come back.Stumbled across this gem while I was in Philadelphia and it didn't disappoint. Restaurant had a great variety of high quality and extremely fresh fish such as blue fin tuna, chu-toro, o-toro, king salmon etc. The highlights for me were the AA Grade California uni on top of Waygu beef, Manhattan, extra crispy fresh water eel, scallop with fresh wasabi, and botan shrimp with uni. Chef Joe and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Would definitely come back.Amazing, best of the best. You must try this place. Once you eat here, you will not eat sushi anywhere else. Best sushi restaurant in Philadelphia.Had the 12 course omakase. Got many different types of Japanese fish. Chef Sam was great! Everything tasted delicious, next time I will go for the full omakase experience!gd place. The rice tastes good. Servers are very nice and friendly. It fits 12 people at sushi bar. Its a different experience with traditional sushi place.Came here for their omakase and had an amazing experience! The fish was fresh and the rice was perfectly seasoned. The sushi chef/owner was really nice and talked to us the entire time. I also liked that it's not truly a traditional omakase where you just get nigiri but you'll also get to try a mixture of other items. Definitely will come here again.I got the Sakana omakase option for the night. I expected the nigiri to be the best part about the dinner, but I was proven wrong. The best part was the appetizer platter we received in the beginning (shown in picture). In the platter, the snow crab was extremely flavorful and we were given a generous amount, the chicken skewers were chewy and soft, the vegetables were topped with delicious sauce, and the sashimi was fresh. In addition, we also had an appetizer with raw oyster topped with yuzu foam, which was honestly one of the best plates as well. The reason why I gave this place a four is because I expected the actual nigiri to be the best part of the dinner but I was a little let down. The fish itself was extremely rich in flavor, fresh, and torched to perfection, but there was barely any soy sauce or any sauce for that matter in the nigiri, which made the nigiri a little bland. I really wished they put some more soy sauce in the nigiri because if they did, the nigiri would be perfect. However, the nigiri piece that saved the day was the one that we ordered on the side. It was the raw shrimp nigiri that was topped with uni; the shrimp was just so scrumptious and melted in my mouth perfectly. Overall, this was a very enjoyable dinner and if you do come here, paying in cash will be cheaper (they give a nice discount).We make resevation on New year Eve.
we order sakana omakase.
and we got toro cavair with texas toast for start,which is so yummy. 
the omakase Each piece was more delicious than the previous. 
 Sam (the omakase chef) was really nice and gave us special to tasted "20 days AGED OTORO",That's fantasty, i don't know fish can be aged,
 HIGHLY recommend you check this place out! May even win best sushi of the city.While visiting Philly from NYC, we really wanted to like Sakana given what we heard about Chef Sam Lin's NYC sushi roots as well as the photos and reviews here, but, everything fell short of expectation and was disappointing. 
As we were about to be seated, we noticed that there were empty seats towards the middle of the bar and politely asked if we could sit there instead. The host, after conferring with another waitstaff (and presumably their reservations), came back and said it was ok. (Yay, front and center!) After the first course arrived (oysters with yuzu foam - which was delicious), we were then told that our current seats were reserved and thus, would have to move towards the end of the bar. The last 2 seats towards the kitchen have a poor view of the chef's preparations and are right next to their sink and preparation area. Why allow us to sit there despite after checking your system, and then tell us we would have to move after our course started. It wasn't a big deal but really poor communication by the wait staff which left a bad impression.
Next, we opted for the 21-course Omakase and only received 13 nigiri pieces instead of 14. We only discovered this after we looked at our photos. We also really expected a better selection of fish. Make no mistake, some of their non-sushi dishes were delicious and their use of aged fish (such as the mackerel) was unique and tasteful. However, for an Omakase at $108/pp (their highest priced option) for a party of 3, surely, we should've received a wagyu-uni piece right? How about salmon? Eel? No. The only thing to show for it was their signature "bowl" which contained a sliver of wagyu and some uni. (See photos attached). Moreover, our chef took out several pre-sliced fish and settled it on his preparation plate instead of taking the appropriate fish each time we finished a piece, which we found a little tacky.  I probably sound like a sushi snob right now, but I can assure you, I like and eat fish of all quantity or quality (provided there's not too much mercury in it). I just can't justify paying $108 for what we had, and wished we ordered the signature omakase ($58) instead. 
We also did not appreciate that there was an employee who was literally cutting open oysters on the side by the bar where we were seated (towards the kitchen) and chipping in during our conversation with the sushi chef.  Unfortunately, we were not served by Chef Lin, which probably would have made the experience better.
Don't get me wrong, Sakana has quality fish and has the right tools for an omakase. In fact, their shrimp and tuna tartar starter were amazing. However, the restaurant organization and selection of fish leaves a lot to be desired for a place trying to thrive as a timed Omakase spot.Amazing omakase experience! My group of five had the signature omakase, and the quality of each piece exceeded our expectations. It is a very intimate setting at the bar, which added to our dinner. 
Tip: bring cash for an extra discount!Went there because who wouldn't want affordable omakase?! I had the $58 12-piece signature omakase. The fish quality was good, and the combination of fish was very decent. They have unique fish as well. The only issue is that after 12-piece, I was actually still hungry which is very rare for me, so you are warned! That being said, I ordered 1 more nigiri and 1 hand roll. Ended up paying almost $100 for myself so I didn't really think it was affordable. Should've gone with the $108 menu. However, given the fish quality and how the chef (I didn't get the main chef) was really friendly and really tried to give me a lot of recommendations, I'd say it's a solid 4 star.
The chef service is excellent. Both chefs were welcoming and would really engage the customer, but the receptionist/server service was really not on par with a $100 menu. 
Don't expect a super fancy or romantic setting, but very solid fish quality and choices with a reasonable price.