Good food and great prices! 
Sakura has great lunch specials. They have lunch specials for their Chinese entrees and for their sushi. They have deals for sushi combos for dinner as well. The entrees and the sushi I've had from here have been good so far. Good portion sizes and quick service. 
They are BYOB like many of the other places in Chinatown. They also deliver, and that is where my issues with this place lie. I use to order delivery from them often and 4/5 times my order was incorrect. I do enjoy their food, but I will not be placing any delivery orders from them.Duck Toungue and them pork soup dumplings. The two things that caught my attention. It definitely sparked my curiosity enough to compel me to walk through their doors.
When opportunity knocks,, I'm that guy that doesn't think twice about it. Jump right in and tell my friends all about it afterwards. Doesn't make sense to keep eating chicken fingers and fried potato sticks for the rest of your one chance life. Besides it's my first time getting in bed with duck tongue and pork soup dumplings.
Anyways,, the food.
Duck Tongue - WOW!!! This was a definitely a good experience. I love the flavor and the texture. Ginger sauce and the delicate flavor of the tongue meat is sublime. I could see myself ordering this dish again.
Beef Tripe: I love a good beef tripe. Their version is spicy and definitely yummy. I would order this again.
Shanghai Shumai: Its pretty good,, wonton and sweet sticky rice have some good flavors. Great vegetarian option,, but not my favorite.
Mini Wonton In Spicy Sauce: This is another one of their winner dishes as well. I love the flavors, it's definitely very vibrant. Only flaw,, the wonton wrap is a little under done. 
Pork Soup Dumplings: Yasssssss!! I would definitely order this over and over and over again. Use caution tho, the soup in the dumpling is super heated. It'll literally destroy your mouth if you don't eat it properly. 
Service was pretty good. The staff was extra attentive. I would definitely come back and share some dimsum with a friend. Thank you for reading my review. I hope this helps. Enjoy your awesome yelptastic day!This was a nice restaurant on the corner of 10th and Race. The atmosphere is open with bright colors. For the appetizers, we got the scallion pancake which was very good and the pork fried dumplings which were not the best but edible. For the main dishes we split the stir fried beef udon and  the snow pea leaves with shrimp and scallop. Both were decent but again nothing special. Our wait staff were pretty quick and Prices are very similar to other places in Chinatown. Overall Sakura was decent but does not stand out at all in Chinatown. Would like to go back and check out some of their other dishes.Disappointed!!! A hot pot for almost $50, and there's not even enough to for two people. Doesn't worth. They even forgot my order made me wait so longTheir soup dumplings are the best in Philly Chinatown and definitely better than at their neighboring Dim Sum Garden. The dumplings are generously sized with plenty of fragrant soup that isn't sweet like other places I've tried. They are also quite inexpensive. Service is efficient and quick and most of the servers speak both mandarin and English.one word: delish!
BYOB, great for groups and very satisfying food! 
Big fan of the chilly fish and soup dumplings.Great service and even had multiple servers come to our table to ensure we were doing well. Food was great and reasonably priced. They were a little skeptical about the 10% yelp offer though, but it worked :)WHY ARE ALL DIM SUM PLACES THE SAME!?!? I don't mean in terms of food but the service! Honestly the food was alright thats why I am not giving this place a one star review, but my heavenly goodness to all that is holy on earth this place probably was one of the rudest and worst service. First problem was when we say down one of the waiter spoke to me in Chinese in which I understand that I am Asian American, but do not assume I am Chinese because I am actually Vietnamese. So the waiter started to speak to us in Chinese when we said, " Oh we're not  Chinese" and which she started to speak english. I don't understand why almost all places in Chinatown dose this. There are places that are Vietnamese, Korean and even Malaysian owned and whenever I order or walk in they speak to me in english but I ONLY ALWAYS have this problem when i go to a Chinese place. But anyways, the second problem was when we walked in and sat down a different waiter gave us hot tea which was bomb by the way don't get me wrong, but forgot to bring us cold ice water. So I asked not making a big deal out of it. We waited for a solid 10 minutes before I could get the attention from another waiter and asked for cold water again. It wasn't even that busy, probably 7 other tables, so I don't understand why it took so long. But that wasn't the biggest deal so I let it go. The biggest problem of the night was when I was about to pay. I walked up and asked for a check and paid with my credit card you know just a usual transaction. When I was about to put tip, I gave a tip of $4.15 which was about 10% - 12% tip. The waiter POINTED to the tip and said, "This is the tip." I was so heated, but kept my cool. The owner was standing right in front of us and said, "This is the minimum tip" which was like $6.48 I think. UHM HELLO!?!?!?  First off, you should be lucky I gave you tip in the first place with the subpar service and you have the nerve to tell me how to tip??? GET OUT OF MY FACE LADY. I said, "Do I have to leave that tip?" making a smart remark. She then asked me " Do you eat out a lot?" Uhh... yes i actually do for a matter a fact so you can go and kick rocks lady. I said " Yes i do actually." She then pointed to the minimum tip and I said, "Well it's not against the law for me to leave any tip." I signed my name and walked away. Overall, the food was subpar but the service was HORRIBLE! I suggest going to eat somewhere else like Spice C or maybe Bonchon or anywhere else in Chinatown because this place is a disgrace for a business. Save your money and spend it somewhere else.Quick lunch with friends and I was craving some Taiwan beef noodle soup. Amazing meal and great prices too. Service was good as we were the first ones in for lunch.They have just about everything, hot noodle soups (my favorite) sushi, dim sum, and traditional Chinese dishes like general tao. Nice big menu and so far everything I have ordered is very tasty. I would try the dumplings, hot seafood noodle soup, and clam appetizer. The prices are good, you will leave full and happy. Service is fast and consistent, the servers always make sure you have plenty of water. The food comes out fast so I suggest you order your appetizer and wait before ordering your main course.This is a really nice place, peaceful atmosphere, well lit and decorated. It could be a friends' outing or romantic dinner. It has a modern feel but amazing Chinese food.
We shared a spicy stirfry (topped with sweet potato, squid, beef tripe, shrimp) and 2 orders of the crabmeat soup dumplings. HEAVENLY. The dumplings are really juicy and taste exactly like they do in Shanghai. And be careful with spice level. If you order medium spicy for the stir fry bowl, it is spicy, spicier than your buffalo wings.
Lychee iced tea is great, but I only got it because they didn't have bubble tea today :(
FYI: the cursive r in the title on their exterior could easily be mistaken for a z. Don't worry, it's definitely Sakura you're walking into, not Sakuza.
They do take the rare Discover credit card, and the receipt includes tip denominations for 15% and all that. I didn't see any parking lot, but it's pretty close to the Convention Center so there are public lots galore.
My only complaints: the teapot is a bit old and spilled tea too easily, and water has to be requested (altho, granted, this is Chinatown we talking abt, where ice water is not a thing).
All in all, a great place if you want authentic chinese or your good old general tso's haha.After reading a pretty in depth review of this restaurant online. I decided give it a try myself and see where I would rank it. 
As you first step into the store, you get smacked in the face with the colors green and white. Everything just looks so refreshing, new, and clean that you need a couple of seconds to let your senses absorb all the detail..... Done absorbing?? Now onto the food...
I came into this restaurant intending on ordering exactly two dishes. The shanghai style fried rice cakes and the Xiaolongbao AKA soup dumplings AKA steamed pork dumplings.
(For those interested in ordering the rice cakes, its not on the menu yet, just say fried rice cakes and they should understand) 
Since I am a huge fan of Chinese styled fried rice cakes, I decided to put Sakura up to the taste test. The two styles I'm used to having are the shanghai style and the foochow style. There are places in Chinatown that sells each style of fried rice cakes and I wanted to see where this new place would rank in comparison. While their fried rice cakes was not bad, it wasn't as good as the shanghai rice cakes I have eaten at Empress Garden on 10th. The flavors tasted plain and less sophisticated in comparison and the portion size was disappointingly small. 
However where this place earns its 4 star ranking is their soup dumplings. I have eaten the Xiaolongbao at Dim Sum Garden and Joe's Shanghai in NYC and I think Sakura garden's dumplings beats both hands down. While the flavor inside the dumplings tastes similar (Owners of Sakura and Dim Sum Garden used to be partners) Where the Sakura dumplings earns its ranking is the skin of the dumplings. Their dumpling skin is thin and at the perfect thickness it doesn't taste as stiff as the other places I've mentioned. The grounded pork inside the dumpling also crumbles as you chew making the flavor spreading process so much more efficient and enjoyable. I guess it better be good to charge 5 bucks for 6 small dumplings.
Out of the three places in Chinatown and probably the entire city of Philadelphia that sells Xiaolongbao, I've eaten at two, the only place I have yet to try is Zhi Wei Guan - The Magic Kingdom of Dough, but since it's been closed for a LONG while and still closed as of this writing, I will declare that Sakura Mandarin has the best Xiaolongbao in Philadelphia. IMO of course ;) 
-may edit once Zhi Wei Guan - The Magic Kingdom of Dough gets their shit together and finally opens again.
-looks like Zhi Wei Guan has opened today, (5/23/2009) didnt have time to grab some soup dumplings... maybe next time.Yo Adrian, where do you find that new sushi place? The owner looks like the Green Hornet! The servers are very thoughtful and eager to serve. The atmosphere is Floridian and clean. The owner lives there and is very knowledgeable of the quality of his product. He spent 15 minutes at our table before I knocked him out. The sushi was extremely pretty and impeccable. The scoop call ahead and get the lobster roll (then and now). Sesame tuna is to live for : Yo save the tuna for me. The angry dragon roll is beautiful and deserving in a party atmosphere. Not on the top stove but pretty. Amazing tuna, is a top quality taste but would not sustain me for  1 minute.
I went a round with the Chinese chef he's imported from Shanghi his main deal is the recipes and his recipes as far as I can tell beat the competition. Only met one sushi guy, the owner.  Green hornet is back! These sushi guys are from Manhattan and they know the designs (recipes and artistry) and the spices. The Green Hornet bragged that his Manhattan restaurant ranked in the Top 10 for Sushi. 
For me the sushi is Electrifying, I was purely a pasta man. You know I had a lot of fights and was gravely injured. Adrian found me Sushi to give me some optimism. This is contagious, I mean obsessive, I drive my Trans Am over to that place and i was met with a gregarious welcome. I love this place and have found no equal for Sushi and don't know about the rest. Give me a yelp if you agree. Yo! Love, The Italian Stallion.They must be under new ownership or something because when I went here last night for some soup dumplings, the texture of the skin and the meat was completely different than the one I experienced for my first review.
While it wasn't horrible, it just wasn't nearly as good as the original. The crumbly meat texture and thin skinned of the Xiao Long Bao original are gone and all that's left is this generic tasting one that everybody in town seems to have.Simply fantastic.   I was in the mood for dim sum and saw that they had shanghai style soup dumplings so I gave it a try.  They were great (pork and crab). I had scallion pancakes which also were perfectly thick and not overly greasy. The best part of the meal was the salt and pepper pork chops which tasted like those I've had in China.  Unexpected awesomeness there and I most certainly will return when I'm back in Philly.Delicious sushi rolls, every hot plate that came out from the kitchen had our mouths watering. Fast and attentive waitstaff, decently priced food.The best thing about Sakura is how versatile they are with their menu. Whether it's their sushi, soup dumplings, food platters or soup, the flavor is top notch and hits all the right taste margins. My friend and I went here because we were in the mood for everything. We ended up splitting the Seafood Noodle Soup, Steamed Shrimp dumplings and the City of Philadelphia roll. The dumplings were amazing and the seafood in the soup were succulent & marinated well. The roll especially is a must try - the sweetness of mango, tempura crunch and fresh, melt in your mouth fish gave me a firework moment.Mediocre Chinese food, with so many guests! I don't get it. 
The Xiao Long Bao was okay, but not fantastic. I've had better in central Jersey. The Chinese dishes were way too oily. And the price is pretty high for this kind of typical take out Chinese food. 
I personally would not return again.Second time to Philadelphia and second time to this restaurant. Order quite differently from last time but juicy buns. A nice and traditional southeastern Chinese food. I will definitely recommend it to my friends.One of my favorite place for shanghai soup dumplings in Philly. The flavors are consistent and very affordable. I also had the shredded pork with pickled cabbage noodle soup and my boyfriend had the drunken noodles with beef. All for less than $30 including tips. My pickled cabbage noodle soup was enough to serve two. On the other hand the drunken noodles I found the portion of the food to be a bit small for the price you pay.Just wanted to give a shout out to Sakura. This is my family's regular spot in Chinatown. Fast service and the food is pretty authentic. We love the spicy hot pots with seafood, they give you a great portion and the taste is awesome!!! Love the spicyness.
Their sushi bar is not the greatest, the regular rolls are fresh and taste good but nothing special.Banging Dumplings!  I never had soup dumplings before and they were so awesome!  The regular dumplings were good too, not too doughy.  Will be coming back here again and again!REALLY hit or miss. I have had some great meals here, and then I have had an embarassing moment where I brought my parents here for lunch and we all hated our dishes and couldn't eat them.
Besides that awkward time that I'd like to block out of my memory, I've been brave enough to try the sushi here. This will be reserved for the most desperate sushi cravings! Like if every other sushi place in the world self-combusts and I am not left with any other options. But then I think we'd have bigger fish to fry (pun intended)...I came to Sakura several times, the last time I was with my friends, we ordered scallion pancakes, juicy buns, and other stuff. The reason why I just give one star is that their service was awful and food was not that good!!!! After the waiter took our orders, no one asked us if we need anything else. The waiter stood beside our table for 15 seconds , he saw we all drank up all our water, but he just did not give a fxck!!! Anyway, I will never go to Sakura again!!!!I was very disappointed by the xiao long bao (soup dumpling) served in this restaurant. I went this particular restaurant twice. The first time the xiao long bao was too salty as if people tried to preserve the pork meat from being spoied. By seeing the relatively good reviews for this restaurant, I came 2nd time. However, the xiao long bao was tasted like coming from the frozen food sections of a Chinese gorcery store. This might be really the case because there are very few people know how to make the xiao long bao right.They have the worst fucking suck customer service ever from my own experience of being a sever for 5 years. However, the food was good. I would give 0 for customer service and 3 for foods.Excellent.  The scallion pancake and hot soup dumplings are divine.  Also loved the cold sesame noodles and veggie dumplings.  Can't wait to go back and try the Sushi. 
I use to get the Dim Sum from Dim Sum Garden.  But, I have to say, I liked this place MUCH BETTER.  Better wait staff, cleaner, nicer atmosphere, bright, cherry...and super yummy!!!
Great lunch specials too. I highly recommend.Had a spicy hotpot and soup dumplings for two people. The dumplings were good, but it would be great if the hotpot was a bit more spicy. We arrived at around 5pm on week night. The store was not crowded. Only two tables including ours. Probably, that was the reason why services were good. Also, this restaurant accepted credit card - I always care whether the restaurant accepts credit card or not. Lastly, don't forget to use your Yelp app to get 10-percent discount.Came here a split a bunch of dishes family style with some friends. Ordered the fried dumplings, pork soup dumplings, snow pea leaves, and dry rub szechuan chicken. 
The soup dumplings were pretty good!! Lots of soup came out as I bit it, and the flavor was good! The snow  pea leaves were probably my favorite dish of the night! So much garlic and flavor. I could have easily eaten the entire plate!
The fried dumplings were just okay. The meat inside a dry. And, the chicken wasn't what I was craving. The flavor was heavy on paprika, but the crisp on the outside just wasn't right.
Overall, the food was okay, and I definitely wouldn't mind coming again fro some soup dumplings.We entered this place with great expectations on Chinese New Year to have some good food, but we were sorely disappointed. It was a busy day we understand but the food was way below par. The dumplings were dry and tasteless. 
Just to be on the safe side we ordered the Drucken Noodles as anything else at that point would be even more disappointing. They were average. The only thing that was excellent were the Scallion Pancakes we ordered but that is no measure of how good the food will be. The staff and the owner are very helpful and kind but somehow the food just didn't match up to the taste. $25 dollars gone and nothing to remember. Wasn't a great start to the new year.Food is delicious and cheap!! We had an awesome dinner for no more than $13/person and we ate quite a bit!  Very good food, wait staff helps with the recommendations. We decided to walk in as I had read a few good reviews about it, plus we were craving soup dumplings in a different location than our typical favorite a block up!  So after seeing the clientele be mostly Asian, we figured this must be a great place to dine!  and we are happy we did, definitely recommend it. Staff is quite friendly, and the guests are nice and fun too!This place is great! My family and I made a reservation and were sat right away even though we were early. We felt kind of rushed to order, we kept saying A couple more minutes but someone would keep coming by every 30 seconds. To be fair I think they were setting up for a large group from UPenn to come in sometime later, they kept turning people away so they could use most of the tables. 
We ordered the scallion pancakes (highly recommend), pork soup dumplings and crab pork dumplings as appetizers. As entrees we shared the chicken and broccoli, sizzling szechuan beef and pad thai, all were pretty good I thought especially the beef!
We also took advantage of the BYOB option by bringing some beers in a small cooler bag. And we ended by ordering a couple of the desserts which were delicious. Wasn't too loud for the amount of groups that were there, and we were able to find parking on Cherry Street for $7.50 when we got a ticket from the parking meter (for 3 hours!).Love the dim sum menu here. No carts to deal with, highly accessible. Standout items are the shanghai shumai and the soup dumplings. The various soups to share, cold tofu, and spicy cucumber salad are also winners. 
The widely varied menu also includes Japanese/sushi (good but not my focus here) and hot pot (have not yet tried it)This is Boots G's new fave place in Chinatown, outside the Hong Kong style noodle shops. The soup dumplings are as good as anywhere, the west lake beef soup is smooth and comforting. The pork fried rice is outstanding, and the funky appetizers like beef with tripe are irresistible. Lions head meatballs, nearly softball size extremely satisfying. Service positively first rate. Also they have a great party room for groups.This place is our favorite chinese/japanese place in China town. The food is always outstanding and the restaurant is very clean. Good service. Love it.As of now, I can only speak to ordering take out from here for lunch.
Shoutout to Sakura for offering a special roll lunch special- that was exciting. I got the Red Dragon roll with brown rice and miso soup. I waffled on ordering the scallion pancakes (see what I did there) but in the end decided against it. Shoulda gone for it... Maybe next time.
The sushi was fresh enough, and it actually came with brown rice which believe it or not is not a given even if you specify. Nothing mind blowing here, though. The miso soup wasn't the miso-iest, or best, I've had, but it did the trick.
Not sure I will ever make this a destination for a sit-down dinner, but since I work nearby I will likely to continue ordering take-out.Ordered for the first time for pick-up. Quality of food seemed pretty good.
We ordered General Tao's, Dragon Roll, and some other Roll with cream cheese.
After I took a bite of the Roll with cream cheese, I almost vomited. It tasted like I was eating a mop that's been used to clean the toilet. I later figured out the smell/taste came from the cream cheese. 
If someone from the restaurant is reading this, please throw away your cream cheese bag and replace it with a new one. (First smell it, and decide for yourself what to do with it)This is a great spot for lunchtime.  They have combos that range between 6-8 bucks.  I ordered the beef with broccoli since that's my standard to measure each restaurant.   It comes with your choice of soup (hot and sour, wonton, or egg drop).
I also like the fact that you can get brown rice at this place too!  The beef and broccoli meal was good.  I would've preferred it to be a bit saucier, but the meat and broccoli were cooked well.
Definitely would come back!I've both dined in and taken out from Sakura. They offer a wide variety of options including both sushi and Chinese dishes, which usually makes me skeptical of the quality. The sushi is not the best, but there aren't too many sushi options in the area, so it suffices. I will say that the soup dumplings are great. My last experience taking out, however, left a sour taste in my mouth. I placed an order online and arrived to the restaurants 15 minutes later (knowing I would probably still have to wait a little). I'm not sure why but it was a Tuesday night and the place was mobbed! So I waited, and waited. I noticed during my wait that a table who had arrived probably 30 minutes after I had placed my order had received their food. So are they favoring dining in customers? I ended up having to wait close to an hour for my takeout. And when I finally got home to eat it, I was not pleased with either of the dishes I ordered, and I was starving! The chicken teriyaki dish was overly peppered and a very stingy portion size for the price. We also ordered the pan fried noodles, which I didn't know were more like crispy wonton chips rather than actual noodles, so was unpleasantly surprised. It's safe to say I will not be returning to Sakura, especially with Dim Sum Garden down the street!Been to this place multiple times.  So far, best soup dumplings among the other restaurants offering soup dumplings within Philly.  The other entree items were just ok.  Now whenever we're in Philly, we just order the soup dumplings, nothing else.  Had the stir-fry one time and checked off "numbness" by mistake (actually, I wasn't interpreting the question on the form correctly)....ack!My brothers and i arrived in phili and we were hungry.  it was a little past 9:30pm when we decided to walk to chinatown and see if there are any restaurants open.  Sure enough, we saw this small restaurant and looked inside.  it was 10pm and the place was packed.  
we were greeted immediately yet they were reluctant to seat us while talking in their language.  i thought that was rude but i was hungry so i didn't give much thoughts about it.  When ready to order, i asked the waiter what he recommend.  He pointed out this small menu that is supposed to be popular with many requests.  So i asked him, ok but whats good?  What do you recommend?  He said i recommend this pork with cummin so i went for it.  Boy when it came out, it was the sickest smell ever.  you know the smell like someone forgot to put their deodorant on.  i tasted it anyways and it was so bland and nasty i could not take another bite.  
Another waitress came by and ask us how everything was and so i told her about the recommended dish.  she said i can replace it with something else..
overall, this place doesn't deserve the 4 stars imho.  the food wasn't good and i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  Oh did i also forget to mention, the group that sat behind us, the woman and man was flossing in full view?!  SO SICK.  bad etiquette as well.  anyone reading this, please do not do any flossing until you are in the private of your own world.I'd heard a lot about Sakura's Shanghai juicy dumplings prior to my visit last night, so I was really disappointed when it didn't live up to the hype -- honestly, I felt incredibly underwhelmed at the whole experience.
Menu selections varied between Americanized (General Tso's) and authentic (spicy beef and tripe); I opted for the xiaolongbao and the Taiwan beef noodle soup.  While the noodle broth had a bit of a kick, cilantro and pickled vegetables overwhelmed the whole bowl, and the beef wasn't quite tender enough for my taste.  The xiaolongbao was also shockingly bland, lacking any sort of flavour in both the juice and the steamed meat (points for thin skin that didn't break on liftoff, though).
Sakura is impressive in the way that the restaurant is clean and staffed with friendly people, and the food decidedly lacks the greasiness of most Chinese places, but sadly there wasn't enough oomph in the flavour for a return visit.This place just opened up on the corner where Ong's used to be.  
We read on Yelp that it was actually a good place to go for soup dumplings, so we stopped by.  Before that, we would've never gone in because by the name, it sounded like a Japanese-food place.  Boyfriend said the soup dumplings were good! So that's a plus.. we only know of 1 other place in Philadelphia Chinatown that has em.  So, all in all, a nice place.  I also got a cold tofu appetizer and it was alright.a huge thumbs down on the sushi
it was like eating a bar of margarineThis place was good, on the edge of China town next to the Convention center. We had a pretty good experience, tried some fried rice, sushi was delicious and also the soup was killer. No beer or wine or sake so bring your own. I would come back here for another round next time I'm in town.My friends and I headed to Philly out of hunger, but when we got there we didn't really know which restaurants were good, so we wandered around until we found this joint. The menu was decent, the place looked pretty busy, and we just wanted food in our stomachs ASAP, so we went in.
The tea had this odd watered down taste. My friend's cup had some nasty gunk stuck inside it, which I suppose was foreshadowing.
We ordered steamed pork xiao long bao, vegetable pan fried noodles, chicken with rice cakes, and crispy salt baked squid.
Each item seemed to have its own problems. I'd say that the best dishes were the vegetable pan fried noodles and the chicken with rice cakes. Even then, the pan fried noodles had too much seasoning, and the rice cakes were decent, but a bit bland. The squid was VERY far from crispy, and I found it to be very bland. My friend said that the taste of sesame oil was overwhelming.
The xiao long bao were okay, but some of them stuck so easily to the paper and the soup spilled out everywhere. Whoever said that these xiao long bao are comparable to those at Joe's Shanghai in NYC is clearly lacking a few taste buds... and I think that Joe's Shanghai's xiao long bao are overrated, so that's saying a lot.
Next time we decide to do a food detour to Chinatown, we'll make sure we head toward the one in Manhattan, not Philly. I let myself down.Reviewed under "Sakura Mandarin" on Yelp.  (Hard to tell from their sign which spelling is accurate.  Many more reviews under other spelling.)Went here after a recommendation from a great bar around the corner Bar-ley.   Fantastic Chinese food... We had the steamed pork dumpings,  szechuan spicy beef,  beed with bean curd and drunken noodles.    All worth trying.   Don't be afraid to ask for recommendations.Not real Shanghai, but they service a perfect mala xiangguo. Also they serves jiucai box and xuecai pork noodles - found lots of stuff I miss deeply here. Four years ago I passed by Philly and had a quick lunch here and it has been in my list. Not the best choice, but still worth a five star compared to some yucky restaurant.Quite possibly the best restaurant in Chinatown.  The spicy stir fry bowl is highly recommended.  For a Chinese place, the sushi is surprisingly good, fresh, and interesting.  Lunch specials are top notch and a excellent value. Service is fast and attentive.  They did a great job for our group of 15.Excellent, good quality food. Very generous portions and reasonably priced. Had the braised pork with brown sauce, wonton soup and soup dumplings.  Friendly, attentive staff. I will return very soon.Solid place for dim sum. There's a nice variety of dishes and everything we got came quickly and was delicious! It was also pretty empty around 11am/noon on a Sunday when my group came so I'm not sure if that was a good or bad thing. Not the cheapest dim sum I've been to, but I liked all the different types of soup dumplings here.The menu selection is awesome! It has a Chinese food menu, which also includes Thai, dim sum, and other Asian food options, and a Japanese food menu, with various sushi, teriyaki, etc options. The food itself is average/ above average for a Chinatown restaurant. The servers are very Philadelphian- kind of blunt, might come off as rude and slow to serve you. Otherwise, Sakura is a great BYOB restaurant that is open late (it is actually open til 11:30pm, at least on Saturdays). I would definitely recommend it, especially if you are attending a show at either Good Good Comedy Theatre or the Trocadero, both down the street!中国人最好避开这家餐厅，或者点外卖！这里的服务员特别喜欢服务外国人，对国人不睬不理，付现金还被嘲笑，时隔这么久来吃一次，不同的服务员，一样的服务质量！没错，这条评论就用中文，写给来费城玩的游客和在费城生活的中国人！This place is decent, which means by philly standards, its a top dog chinese restaurant.  You know its slightly more americanized than the other chinese restaurants though because it actually looks clean(very important).    
If you're into shanghainese cuisine like me, I'd recommend you try the "smoked fish" under the appetizer list (xun yu).  Its a cold dish usually eaten before the actual meal comes out but so far its my favorite item and somewhat authentic taste on a fairly generic menu.  Although you should beware it has bones, very sharp ones at that.
I was not too impressed with the japanese food though, I am not going to say its the worst japanese food i've ever had, it will probably satisfy you california roll lovers out there but prepare to go home feeling cheated if you've ever tasted real japanese food.
ps dont get the lunch menu sushi specials or whatever, they are garbageLets just say the dumplings filled with the soup is what I love the most next to the udon noodles. Now the dumplings are just great. The rest of the food is of great taste as well. The employees are extremely nice as well. This is definitely a place I go to quite often.The restaurant was closed. We made a reservation through Yelp, but when we arrived, Sakura Mandarin was not open. We had to eat elsewhere.I take my xiao long bao very seriously, and this place does it well.  I still prefer Dim Sum Garden for my shanghai buns, but this place is a close second.  What Sakura has over Dim Sum Garden is a bright decor, impressive menu, and a cleaner rest room.  
I love how you can order a great bowl of soup, some dim sum, and a smoothie all in one place.  I definitely recommend the spicy beef tripe, the shanghai buns, and the cucumber off of the appetizers menu.
When it comes to soup, the 8 Treasure Noodle is not to be topped.  It is savroy, spicy, and just a tad sweet.  The portion is generous and the price is less than $6.00.  I can't wait to try their pan fried noodles and a few other soup dishes.  Definitely stop by, you can't miss it.  It is the only lime green restaurant in China Town.I feel like I have to update my review from nearly two years ago, because there have been some changes at Sakura, and now I can't stop going there!
This place has doubled in size in the past few months, but is still packed every night of the week. The menu is truly unique and I am still surprised by the different dishes that I see floating around on waiter trays when I'm here. I would love to try it all.
Here are my favorites lately: Pork, Tofu, Qi Cai soup (the tofu is sooo smooth and creamy in this soup), Dan Dan Noodles (my favorite ones in the city), any Udon noodle dish, and of course the soup dumplings.
Truly everything that I've had at Sakura in the past 3 months has been great, and I'm happy to have them in the area. They are always a good option when we are looking for a great meal closeby.I had a great dinner experience here before, so I was really disappointed by my dismal lunch experience. Price-wise, the lunch specials seem like a great deal. I decided to try to chicken teriyaki bento lunch special. Big mistake. The miso soup was incredibly salty. I know by nature, miso soup tends to be salty but this was to the extent that it was not palatable. It did have a generous amount of tofu and seaweed, which restaurants will sometimes skimp on, but the seaweed had a rubbery texture, likely from only being partially cooked. The green salad was nothing to write home about, being mostly iceberg lettuce, but at least it was palatable. Then the bento box. It came with two small pieces of gyoza, four pieces of California rolls, rice, and chicken teriyaki on top of vegetables. The vegetables were clearly overcooked. They were slightly mushy and also slightly charred. There were 6-8 small slivers of chicken teriyaki, and the taste was just so-so.  Overall, even though I paid only $8-9 for this, I left dissatisfied.
Maybe the Chinese lunch specials are better and I'll likely still come back for dinner, but no more Japanese lunch specials for me from here.Food was good. Service fast. Environment was clean and friendly. We had scallion pancakes that were really good for an appetizer as well as multiple dumplings (both steamed and fried). For the entree I had a spicy beef noodle bowl that was very good. The portions were decent size.   I gave it four stars because I don't have a lot to compare it to in the city so I don't want to be misleading. We enjoyed the food and would definitely return. It was also kid friendlyWent back last weekend. This time focused on pure Shanghainese dishes: Braised Pork Shoulder in Brown Sauce and Flounder Filet with Shanghai Qicai, Both were authentic and excellent.Our second visit was more successful. We ordered a FRESH seaweed salad and several special rolls.Came here on a Saturday afternoon after going shopping with my workplace owner.
Never really had a full course meal at this place before. Came here one other time and only ordered one dish. 
Ordered appetizers such as spring roll, steamed bun, and peanut butter wonton, and some sort of cake? Not sure the name sorry! Only took a few pictures. 
Appetizers were good and then came to the meal which was sushi. It was fish rolled with salmon and mango and other one was ell. 
Also ordered avocado smoothie(tasted more ice than the avocado flavor, would not recommend avocado) and two strawberry smoothies.
What I like about the service was that the waiters were very nice and welcoming.
What I did not like about the service was that the waiters brought main dish out but left the appetizers dishes on our table when we were finished. They did not get those dishes until after a while after the main dish came out and table was crowded. Ordered another strawberry smoothie at the end and one waiter said okay but it never came out until it was asked to another waiter and then the staff started to make it. 
This place would have been a 3star but the sushi was so freaking great that I had to give them a 4star!!! 
I will be back next time to order the same sushi rolls, hopefully service is a little better next time.
Recommend this place!! Great place for family dinner or just a night out with friends.My favorite place to eat in Chinatown. Reasonably priced, great service, and fantastic food. During lunch it can get crowded, but dinner is nearly impossible. My friend drove here one night, and could not find a parking spot, literally. He just drove around and we brought him his food in the end. Save yourself, take Septa!This was the first restaurant I went to in Chinatown, and I think for the most part isn't characteristic or what you would go to when you think of Chinatown.  This restaurant has a little section for sushi, which right off the bat means not authentic, to me at least.
The place is very clean though, and the dishes weren't that bad.  I tried the clams, medallion noodles with beef and xiao long bao.
The xiao long bao was ok, nothing to write home about, partly because I've tried some legit xiao long bao, but that option isn't available here in Philly, so this will have to do.This one was a bit hard to rate. I'd give it more of a 3.5. While the place serves both Chinese and Japanese food, we chose to just go Chinese. Recently noticed that they started serving soup dumplings so of course, I had to try it. With that said, we ordered the soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and the fish in garlic sauce lunch special.
In comparison to the soup dumplings at DimSum Garden, these had thicker skin and were much more inconsistent. The order also came with 6, instead of 8, and was priced at $4.95. We had a few that were completely soupless (BOO!) and some that had so much soup that it overfilled my spoon and spilled. The meat tasted better than at DimSum garden but overall, I'd go with DimSum Garden.
The scallion pancakes were delicious, though a bit greasy.
As for the lunch special, it also comes with your choice of soup. We went for the hot & sour soup and hmm... it just wasn't sour. The color and everything looked right but it tasted much more like water and pepper LOL. We added some vinegar to it to sour it up a bit and then it tasted good. As for the fish in garlic sauce, it was delicious! The sauce was yummy and the fish was melt in your mouth soft. I'd definitely recommend that and for $6, it is quite a cheap lunch. 
This venue is quite clean and the mint green walls is actually appealing. I can't comment on the Japanese food but I love the selection they have there. From what I saw, there were about 15-20 different dishes you can get for the lunch special and it's all under 6 dollars. I might come back again but probably not for soup dumplings.
They also accept CC.If nothing else, you must go here for their famous "juicy buns" or soup dumplings.  They are, in a word, divine.  In a few more words, they are succulent and flavorful and make for a perfect meal or appetizer.  Our waitress was very sweet - she asked if we'd ever had them before and when we said no, she showed us how to eat them so that we wouldn't spray the soup part everywhere.
We tried their regular dumplings, which were just as flavorful, but the soup from the juicy buns really adds to the experience.   We also had shrimp lo mein.  The shrimp was tender and not chewy and the lo mein was very tasty without being greasy like a lot of Chinese take-out places.
We went on a Saturday afternoon around 1:30 and the place was packed, so we did have to wait for a table, but only for a few minutes.  Service after that was friendly and fast.I often pass by this place thinking, "Wow, this joint is packed. One day, I'm going to check it out and partake in the sweet awesomeness that those people are enjoying."
Well, today I have come to the sad realization that those people must be either first timers, born without taste buds, or sadists. The food here is anything but good. The dishes came out late, bland, and overwhelming unsatisfying. I'm not quite sure why people would frequent this place over others like Sang Kee, Jade Harbor, Ting Wong, or even Rising Tide. They must suck at tasting or must hate themselves and have decided that they must punish themselves by eating here.
To all you people that gave this place high marks, screw you. Go have bad sex with an octopus or something.I would give this restaurant a one star. This was my first time trying out this place with my boyfriend. When we first got to the restaurant, we had to wait at least 10 minutes for a waiter to get us water and extra 10 minutes to order our food. Meanwhile there was a couple sitting next to us who was constantly getting asked if they needed anything and waiters bringing out their food.  We ordered the stir fry and the first thing I have noticed was a long piece of white hair sticking out from the vegetables. Everyone makes mistakes while making food so I just let it slide. However we also ordered duck along with the stir fry.  After I asked to see when we were getting the duck- the waiter apologized and brought out the duck.  It is now passed 40 minutes after we have ordered the duck.  The duck was really cold- If you have forgotten our order- the least you could do is to warm up the food. We were very upset at this point. We would never eat here again!3.5 star experience for first timers
We were in the mood for some fairly authentic appetizers for such a hot day. We ordered some sort of sliced pork noodle soup, two types of steamed buns (regular pork and crab), jelly head with cucumbers, and spicy beef and tripe. 
- The noodle soup was ok....nothing to write home about. 
- The jelly head was strange....there were too many cucumber pieces and not enough jelly head (the head is normally thicker than the jelly pieces in most jelly appetizers), although the cucumber pieces were quite tasty and crunchy. 
- The spicy beef and tripe was odd...it didn't taste "authentic". They may have added some sort of special ingredient, something that tastes like bean curds. It wasn't bad at all but if you were looking for the authentic spicy beef and tripe flavor, this wasn't it. 
- Lastly, I thought the buns were DELICIOUS! I have not gotten Shanghai buns this tasty in a long time.
The restaurant seemed clean. I liked the bright green walls. Service was fair. We placed our orders and got our food very quickly. Overall rating? 3.5 stars. I will return.Thought I wrote a review for this place last year until my friend made me realize I wrote it for the wrong Sakura! Gahhh... 
Th food here is pretty average. Why do I recommend this place, simply for the convenience of soup dumplings. (It's better than going to Dim Sum Garden which is a bit scary and ghetto).  Its a cute, clean restaurant with good service (can't say that about a lot of chinatown restaurants). Tried a few apps and entrees off their menu, can't say much about their food. Soup dumplings is the only reason we keep going back.This place is just ok. Went there after reading the reviews and was not impressed. Their dumplings are not bad but not as good as the ones from Dim Sum Garden.  I tried the spinach dish and it was very oily. The best thing I had was beef in pepper sauce but even that was very oily. Would not recommend to other especially since you have many options at much lower prices. And the service was not good.The sushi rolls are good - for the price. I wouldn't recommend getting the crunchy tempura eel roll because it tasted "cakey" it's supposed to be idk... Crunchy? But there's no crunch whatsoever. So that was a big disappointment. I don't know how their other tempura rolls would taste then...The soup dumplings are so good! I went my family and mom ordered all of the dumplings (pork, crab, shrimp, fried), the spring onion pancakes, and the green beans. They all had a lot of flavor to them. My favorite is the pork! 
We got seated right away on a Saturday at noon. There's only really street or garage parking since it's in Philly Chinatown. The service was really nice; I went ahead first while my mom was parking to get a table for 6 and they were cool with it. I'd want to come back and try their other food options and sushi as well.Sakura Mandarin has become a regular stop when in Philly for any reason (do have an office there, but prefer to be in Princeton or Newtown).  Working through the menu I have discovered my favorites and tend to repeat them on most visits.
The Xiao Long Bao (Shanghai Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings or Juicy Buns) are the Best of Breed to my taste in Philly.  Six steaming top knot dumplings that require skill and care to eat without squirting the soup onto your date.  The waitresses love to offer a lesson in proper technique.  Be sure to pour some of the vinegar with ginger into the dumpling after it is opened to enhance the flavor of the soup and pork ball inside. 
The Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Dumplings are also very good for those who prefer that preparation.  While not quite the experience of  XLB, they are quite good with a vinegar chili sauce mix accompaniment.  
All the Vegetable and Tofu dishes are also good; the spicier the better. The Americanized dishes are okay, but clearly not as inspired, nor hot, as the more traditional Chinese styles.  When I go with my young son who is not acclimated to serious HEAT, he prefers the General Tso's Chicken, Orange Chicken, and Dan Dan Noodles.  They are all pleasing to him, but I find them a bit too sweet and thickly sauced, although the Dan Dan's are not bad at all when more Chili is mixed in. 
The staff is very courteous and helpful.  No problem with attentiveness which can be an issue in some places.  
Can't speak to the Japanese side of the menu, other than the take out menu is much prettier than the Chinese side.  Wonder what that means???Got some soup dumplings! Pretty awesome! Would totally come back for more. I got their 10% off check in deal. Yelpers come out!Having tried soup dumplings at restaurants all over PA, i can confidently say that Sakura has the best soup dumplings in town!Stopped in here on a late Friday night with a friend. Sort of chose them at random because they had seating available. Was pleasantly surprised.
We ate a lot of food for two. Our order:
Miso Soup ($2)
2 Orders Steamed Pork Juicy Soup Buns/Dumplings ($5.50 each/$11.00)
Pad Thai w/ Chicken ($11)
California Roll ($4.50)
Shanghai Spring Roll ($2.95)
2 Scallion Pancakes ($3.25 each/$6.50)
Total w/ tax: $40.75
Everything was SO good, seriously so good. Everything tasted great, especially the sushi, pancakes, soup and spring roll.
Like most places that aren't explicitly Thai, the Pad Thai was untraditional with lots of ingredients that don't belong and missing those that do, but it was quite tasty if a bit overly spicy.
I personally don't get the appeal of the "soup"/"juicy" buns/dumplings. (They can't seem to decide what to call them; the name of the item on the menu differs from the receipt differs from the posters in the windows...) My friend loved them but she's kind of a sucker for gimmicky foods. I found them kind of pointless. They tasted fine but to have a thick dumpling filled with burning hot soup, and you have to bite a hole in it and suck out the soup or else just end up with soup all over your plate... I'd prefer a regular pork dumpling any day.
But all that aside, the food was really really good and pretty damn cheap. Would definitely return!
NOTE - They need to update the signage of their single occupancy restrooms to align with Philadelphia's law on this issue. It is currently gendered, which is illegal and unacceptable. A report has been filed with Licensing and Inspection.Good food and not so good service. Let's be honest, it's hard to find a good restaurant with good service in Chinatown. 
We ordered a bunch of dishes and did family style. My favorite items were the crabmeat soup dumplings (so far the best in philly Chinatown but Joe Shanghai in NYC is the best ) wonton on chili sesame sauce, drunken noodles and the pepper fried squid. 
It's a boyb place with no corking fee which is a plus. 
If your looking for good Chinese food and have time to wait for the waitress to acknowledge you- try this place !