Plenty of meat on the chicken cheesesteak and seemed like 2 orders of chicken fingers.This place is my favorite pizza place. Their delivery is fast and friendly. The prices are a little high for pizza so I only order when I feel the need to splurge on myself.Placed an order tonight, a Tuesday night.  They said 50 minutes.  When my pizza arrived it wasn't even remotely warm. Cold, below average pizza.Have had delivery from Salvito's a dozen times; our pizza last time it was a bit crust-heavy , but I've yet to be even somewhat disappointed.Cheesesteaks here, one of the best I've ever had. Toasted roll. That's huge right there. Pizza was good. Fries were cooked perfectly. The guys working were nice and our food was ready in less than 10 mins after we ordered. We'll definitely be back soon.Salvitos is a culinary miracle.  Everything we have ordered is awesomeness incarnate.Are here with a friend last night for dinner. The place is clean and cozy. The workers were very nice and helpful. We ordered a large cheese pizza and an order of cheese fries. Both were great. Definitely a solid choice for pizza in the Northeast.Good pizza, got one here one night with my girlfriend, wasn't happy with the burnt crust and bottom, but I guess it was because they were closing soon, hopefully next time it's better.Great local pizza spot, descent food reasonably priced would definitely order from them again, also fast deliveryTraveling once again.... this time, PHILLY!! Every city I visit, I eat my nationalities of food in rotation, and Italian, Chinese, Mexican and a Diner are always on the list. Tonight was Italian.
SO.... trusting Yelp to tell me what's good, I see Salvito's. I reviewed the menu, and chose the Ziti with Meatballs and a large Calzone with ham. The Ziti was good.... very good. Ample portion, pasta cooked al dente and a couple of decent size meatballs. The sauce... nice balance... not too sweet, not too salty... you can taste the freshness of the tomatoes, with a nice undertone of basil/oregano. Eating out of the aluminum tin (it was delivery) gave me that "old school" feel I used to get growing up on the streets of NY...
But... the kicker here is... the Calzone.... Holy Crap!!! I ordered the large.... so, I was expecting something to be delivered in a 10" pizza box, standard issue stuff. The delivery guy pulls out the food from his bag, and hands me a 16" box that weighs as much as a small dog. "This is the Calzone?!?" I said... And the driver said "Yup".
I opened the box, and beams of light started emanating from around this baby beast, with angelic music playing in the background... it was a spiritual moment for sure. But, alas, that moment was fleeting after the awareness I didn't have a knife... so it turned primal... ripping into this thing like a freakin' werewolf... tearing off chunks and plunging into the sauce... Ricotta, Mozzarella and Ham... *sigh*... so satisfying... and so... freakin'.... BIG!!!
Salvito's... you guys just made my week... set the bar... tough act to follow... Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm slipping into a food coma....I called for delivery and they were very friendly. The food came fast and it was hot.. the food was sooo delicious.. Their stuffed shells were fantastic and the pizza is one of my favorites now.Exactly what I expect from a take out place. Food is hot, pizza is tasty and fries are crispy and never soggy.I wanted to break away from my protein shakes, spinach, salmon, kale juice and all the nutritional regimens I've been following. I wanted cheesesteak...friends wanted pizza so we ordered a family special from Salvitos. That was three days ago. We have ordered from there's three nights in a row ever since. I was pleasantly surprised to finally find a pizzeria that has a New York Styled flare. There pizza is by the far the best I have tasted in Philadelphia period. The quality of their food is supreme and this is coming from a picky eater. I feel bad but the rest of the menus I have, as far as pizzerias go, will find there way into the recycling bin.
This pizza is on the same level and may surpass some of my fave spots from NJ and NY. I'm a calorie counter and watch what I eat...but eating here I don't mind going the extra mile at the gym. Thanks fellow Yelpers for this awesome recommendation.for someone born and raised in philadelphia, i was very disappointed. the steak sandwich was average...at best. the good- i ordered delivery and the order arrived hot. however, the pizza was well below average. you can tell the cheese is cheap by the orange grease covering the pie and dripping off every slice of pizza. i asked for peppers and parm on the side, received neither. on top of everything, i was overcharged. why put prices on a menu and online and charge more? if the food was good, i may have not minded paying extra....Tonight I continued my quest to find the best pizza in the FNE.
Based on other reviews I ordered a sicilian pizza and curley fries with wiz from Salvito's.
Here's my review 
The restaurant was clean and the people working there were nice.
Pizza was average.  The sauce lacked flavor. The dough right under the cheese was slightly raw.  I really would have no reason to try the sicilian again but I will try the regular pie next time. 
Curly fries were spot on.  Probably one of the better spots for fries but i didn't care for the wiz (definitely wasn't kraft)
Update 3/7/14
Tonight I ordered a large pizza 1/2 sausage
Pizza was below average
Again sauce lacked flavor
Very little cheese 
Dough was slightly under cooked and boring
Very expensive for what you get 15 dollars for a large boring pizza!
There are better pizzas out there in the FNE for the same or less.
Pizza 2 stars
Fries 5 stars 
Wiz 0 stars
Service 3 stars
Cleanliness 4 stars
Value 1
Average 2.5 starsHad my first experience with these guys last night. I ordered a Cajun chicken cheese steak, bacon burger pizza, and mozzarella sticks. Everything came on time, and was hot. The pizza was probably a little better than the average pizza shop. It wasn't very doughy, which is a good thing, and the crust was crunchy. The cajun chicken cheese steak had good flavor, and it was a decent size, but it was a little dry, which is puzzling because the bottom of the roll was extremely soggy. like it sat in liquid or something. I don't really have anything to say about eh mozzarella sticks, because no pizza places actually make them, they just buy the frozen ones and stick them in the deep fryer.  I guess I would order from here again, it doesn't particularly stick out, but I guess it is better than some of the places in the NE. There is slim pickins for good pizza joints around here.Great Pizza fast delivery great attitude 
I got lucky I ordered a medium and they send me a large one 
Real bacon real grilled chicken crispy dough 
I love it thank you guys next time I'm on Philadelphia I get another onethis pizza is the best pizza in the area hands down, its a bit pricey but every bite is worth every single cent! their chicken nuggets and cheesesteaks are great also!! yumm the workers there are always nice as well--added bonus! I love salvitos!I love the pizza at Salvito's. I've been eating Salvito's since they were at Holme Circle. This place never misses a beat. I think I may remember once when they screwed my order up. Not a bad track record, and even then they took care of the problem quickly.
I ordered wings recently. which is something new for me from Salvito's, and those things were good. Extra meaty and delicious.
For some reason, whenever I call, even though it's pretty often, the person on the phone has a hard time with my address. It's become such a tradition to have to explain where I live to them, that I enjoy making my guests order just to go through the agony of explaining that they've been here a million times. But, they're always here quick and the pizza is always the best around.
Great job, guys. You really know your stuff.One of my favorite pizza places in the northeast. Actually this is my favorite just a little further away from us. Great regular pizza, delicious fresh sauce and quality cheese. Open late which is hard to find, everything closes so early up here in the Northeast.The food is decent but they charge different amounts than what they advertise on their menu.  They also give different quantities than what's advertised.  This has happened to me several times now.  When I questioned them, they immediately got aggressive and said they will not give me a credit without even asking for one.  I will be contacting the proper government agency.  This is a bait and switch tactic which is illegal.My favorite pizza place in this area so far. Great price as well. I usually go with pepperoni and extra cheese. Their pizza I think is their best part so far. I haven't explored a lot of their menu. Because when I want pizza this is my go to.Their pizza is very good - especially their buffalo chicken pizza. My family orders this pretty often and its consistently awesome . The man who usually answers the phone is my favorite!! Very friendly and he makes my day whenever I call to order! The only thing I do not like from here are their wings, but overall I really like their food and their customer service is awesome!Pizza was awesome, service is even better. Called right before close and they still took my phone order after another place near by shot me down.One of our favorite local Pizza places to order from. We've been ordering from them for over 20 years and it's still great.  Nothing more to say... just really good local pizza!First time trying Salvito's out and they were great. Their pizza and wings are delicious. Fast delivery and food was still hot when it arrived. Definitely my new place to order from.In expensive and delicious!  You can get a slice of Sicilian and a drink for $3.00.  The pizza is not too greasy and doesn't have too much sauce.  There is a large menu on the wall which doesn't have prices on it.  I can't recall seeing anyone order anything other than pizza.
The food is even prepared by real live Italians.  They are lively and super friendly.  A few guys from work go there every day because they like it so much.  It's a great place for lunch.Best pizza in Philly hands down.  I have been going to them all my life (when their original location was on Holme circle.)  The pizza is always hot and fresh whether you go for their Sicilian or plain cheese. Their buffalo chicken pizza is killer too.  I cannot make a trip back home without getting a slice from my favorite spot.I was pleasantly surprised with the pie I got from Salvito's. The overwhelming flavor of the pizza seems to be salty, but the other flavors and textures were there. Their crust is fluffy but well baked, and though it looked somewhat burnt I can assure you it still tasted good and the burns were only on the uppermost layer. The cheese is typical mozzarella but they put a good portion on so that it is coating the entire pizza but not slipping off. The sauce is mostly acidic but has a sweet after taste.
Also this pizza is a decent bargain in this part of the city, seeing as you can get a pie for under ten dollars. I enjoyed my food and will definitely be returning.Best Sicilian pizza in Philadelphia, Their cheesesteaks aren't bad either, good stuff, I go every time I'm home in PhillyPretty affordable for good quality pizza. I ordered in and they arrived relatively quickly. I absolutely love NY style pizza and this pizza definitely comes close to it. The large cheese I ordered was about 12 bucks and tasted freshly well made.Just ordered a pizza and Caesar salad off of these reviews. The pizza was awesome! Thin but a fluffy and crunchy crust. Sauce and cheese were delicious. The salad on the other hand was utterly disgusting. Teeny tiny croutons and the lettuce was hardly green. The dressing was super salty. I throw the whole thing out which was disappointing since it cost a pretty penny. I'll give this place another shot though cause the pizza really was good.i went to this place on June 29, 2012, (one of the hottest days in June)
and had I not  previuosly ordered by phone . I would have walked out the place was 110 degree, no air conditionioning . Also their two  males sitting  this place eating     
This the worse place to get food . I ordered lg cheese pizza, and I could not believe that I paid $11.25 for a teaspoon of sauce and 1/4 cup cheese  for lg cheese pizza.  
Don't waste your time, money and walk to the trash can ! Go ELSE WHERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Ordered a chicken cheesesteak, mozzarella sticks and a coke. First time ordering and overall I would order from them again. Cheesesteak could use more cheese, although it had plenty of meat. The mozz sticks were great whichever brand they use. The coke was only a can but for 1.40 it's ok.I have been going to Salvito's since I was a kid, the staff is always helpful and consistent.  I think two of the same guys making the pizza have been doing it since I was 8 years old, and they are straight off the boat.  Steaks are good and side items are usually acceptable.  I only give them a lower score because of consistency.  Once in awhile I get a pizza from there that just does not cut the mustard, most of the time it is a safe bet however.When i called to order a cheesesteak and have it delivered , guy was kind of rude taking my order . Order came fast ... which is a good thing when i order from them my food always come fast and warm . But this time it had a  weird smell to it .Food so nice, I have to review it twice.... My last night here, so I had to make it a good one... I ordered their Stuffed Shells and their Salvito's Cheese steak.... Four large shells, packed with cheese, smothered in sauce, topped with mozzarella.... Italian comfort food right there...
Now... about the Cheese Steak.... (leaning in, talking directly to you).... buy the Cheese Steak.... just do it... you won't regret.
When I first got here, after paying my gargantuan toll fee, Tollbooth Willy recommended one place that was supposed to be soooooo good, "best in town".... It was "meh"... I had a better Philly in South Carolina compared to this Philly from Philly.
Salvito's made the "best in town" pale by comparison.. Soft, tender meat, peppers, onions and mushrooms, and LOTS of it... what could be better? Do yourself a favor, eat their food... you can taste the love... good stuff right there!!Being a born and raised New Yorker makes it difficult to eat pizza any where else and not be picky. I looked up pizza places that had Sicilian pizza or "square" pizza and I trusted that Salvito's would be able to make an upside down Sicilian pie if I asked. I took a risk and that risk led me to be extremely happy with the turn out. When I asked if they make it, they said is that where the sauce is on the top and the cheese mostly on the bottom? I said, "Yes!" Then they said they would make it! It came out awesome and not only that but the dough tasted fresh and after an hour or so when eating another slice it was still crunchy for people. Which to me... if you know anything about pizza, then you will know that at times the pizza tastes nasty when it's cold and the dough either gets soggy or hard, yet their crust and dough was perfect. I would recommend that this would become something consistent in the menu because it's that good!Growing up in the Northeast, there are quite a few solid choices for pizza take-out. However, Salvito's has been my favorite for quite a few years now. The owner and employees are the nicest guys, and the pizza is always consistently delicious. Order a pepperoni pizza with fresh garlic and you won't regret it!I was next door at the bar for my boyfriend's gig and wasn't feeling their food menu so I opted for this pizza place. What a great decision! I got a personal cheese pizza, fries, and a can of soda. It was only $11! I definitely didn't need the fries and didn't even eat them. They were delicious. But the personal cheese pizza was so good! The dough and crust wasn't thick and floury. Omg, loved it!!! Ate every last bite. Definitely eating here again!Horrible took 70 mins to deliver a pizza that wasn't even hot. Won't be ordering from here againWe just ordered a pizza from here. $19.95 seemed a little steep for a large pie (2 toppings) and a bottle of coke, but the pizza was huge and delicious. The crust was thin and crispy. There was just the right amount of cheese and the toppings were plentiful. The onions were only slightly undercooked. The guy who took our phone order had trouble understanding where we live, but after reading another review, that seems to come with the territory. He seems to have some difficulty with English, which is OK with me as long as he makes a good pizza. On that most important point, Salvito's passes with flying colors."Pizza Palace" is RIGHT!
Salvito's is the best pizza on earth. When intelligent life from another planet comes here boasting their bad ass space pizza, The POTUS will hand them two boxes of Salvito's Pizza, one Sicilian and one plain (with like a side of space junk or some shit) and he will speak, in American English, into a microphone for all the world to hear and he will say:
"Deal with it."
Then drop the mic, and leave. And the aliens, as well as the world, won't deal with it, because they won't have to. They will be enthralled by the soft dough. Raptured by the melted cheese. Charmed by the fresh and delicious toppings (and maybe space junk but I wouldn't ruin mine with it).
Salvito's Pizza is like.... if Harry Potter, Gandolf, the Prime Minister of Unicorns, Anderson Cooper, Jesus, and that cop that gave the homeless guy his shoes all got together with Peeta from The Hunger Games (you know, cause he's a baker) and created the perfect food.
If they close I will die.I ordered the primavera pizza the ricotta cheese was sour and the broccoli was mushy there was absolutely  no flavor! I also ordered wings and they were almost burnt!  Worst place ever I threw out all my food out wasted my money! Hoping I don't get food poisoning!Love this place. Always on time (or early) consistent quality and taste. Sauce is great and cheese is real and stringy. I like extra sauce and cheese on my pizza, personal preference, but the regular is perfectly fine. Order from here almost every week!It was one of those nights when the craving was REAL for some damn good pizza. Based on the reviews, my BF & I decided to give this place a try. It was a huge let down. 
We ordered one of their specialty pizzas & cheese fries for takeout (can't remember the name), but it was basically a veggie pizza with mushrooms, broccoli, peppers, etc. As we waited, I observed the guy who made our pizza, looking over the menu & consulting with the guy who took our order, like he didn't know what ingredients that was supposed to be on the pizza we ordered before making our pizza. RED FLAG. It was probably the worst veggie pizza I've ever had. It was overloaded with veggies. I felt like I was eating a side of vegetable medley & not pizza. Each slice was so heavy from too many veggies that you can't even see the pizza. It was soggy & bland; Too many veggies & not enough cheese. The cheese fries were standard. It was crisp, but very bland. Overall, a bad experience & my palate was not satisfied.I only order from this place because it's conveniently located up the street. 
Food is average. 
Decided to order a baked ziti for dinner and it was more like ziti with sauce, and a layer of melted cheese on top. 
Also ordered spaghetti and meatballs and what looked like 4 meatballs, was actually 2 cut in half. What a rip 
Sauce is bland, nothing special.I had the best meatballs of my life. I have had meatballs all my life from different places and none compare..somehow..they managed to put a cloud in these meatballs..I have never had meatballs so light and airy and tender in all of my 47 years..I even lived in south philly and with italians most of my life..never had them so good..and their marinara sauce is really good too.Ordered and stuff was missing, then I opened my chicken cheesesteak and it was a cheesesteak and then I called and spoke with the "owner" and he was very RUDE. Don't waste your time. So many better places.2 employees weren't wearing a mask at all, 2 were wearing it under their chin and 2 were shockingly wearing them properly. Seriously? Really disappointed and wish I could've known that before I placed an order online. The pandemic is still happening and isn't a joke to the many affected every day. Please have your employees wear their masks properly, it's the considerate and professional thing to do. ESPECIALLY in the food industry.I order from here a few times a month. The staff is friendly and the food is usually good, though sometimes the pizza is undercooked or burnt. I will continue ordering for delivery because sometimes it can get to be very hot in the restaurant which is good during winter but insane during the warmer months. Overall, this restaurant is pretty good and coupons are sent out often.Ordered delivery on a Monday around 2:45ish. Got my food around 3:30. Not terrible but still almost an hour. Ordered Stromboli with pepperoni, ricotta cheese and extra sauce on the side. Opened my pizza box to find a TINY I mean tiny calzone. By the way I ordered a small. But this was about the serving size of two slices of pizzas. The calzone it self wasn't terrible but lacked in flavor. The sauce was bitter and heavily watered down. For $20 including delivery charge, tip, and 2 litter. I rather of gone to the supermarket and got a frozen pizza.Been going here since i was in grade school. Thats about 30 years!  Nice guys.  Good pizza.  Fast and friendly.  Only thing i hate is the parking lot.  Its a nightmare with the crackheads from the bar next doorOur go-to pizza place. Best crust in FNE. Usually pick it up ourselves because its faster and only 5 mins away. Not 5 stars because they use canned mushrooms but otherwise toppings are good.Great pizza!! Awesome neighborhood atmosphere. The price of my pizza went up because I paid with credit-just so you are aware. They have great specials each day. Definitely check them out.Well I. D.o.n.t even know where to start. I placed my order and forgot to order sodas. The person on the phone kept interrupting me about 6 times telling me the food was on the way. It was pretty comical to be honest lol. All I wanted to add was sodas to my order . But what disappointed me was the food quality. Food was luke warm. And my "buffalo wings" were actually wing dings with sauce on the side. My pizza was drenched in toppings and was cold.