Mmm, pork soon dubu with my choice for how spicy on a scale of 1 to 7. An egg was cracked in to the pot when the waiter brought it to the table. I loved the taste of the broth with a spicy level of 3. It was filled with pork and lots of silken tofu.
Also tried the potato shrimp courtesy of Chris S. and Faye S. which was delicious as they promised! Who doesn't love fried potato that has been strung around fried shrimp? The kicker though was this amazing sesame sauce to dip it in. Crispy, tasty, and hot. 
And what a treat, the meal ended with a free bottle of Yogu! The staff was pretty on top of keeping my water cup full which makes me happy. Also the owner, Sam, is willing to listen to suggestions. I would definitely recommend this place!The seafood pancake was pretty good. Pretty, pretty good. Just thinking about it makes me hungry. I ordered the appetizer version, and was shocked at how big it was. I thought they brought the entree-sized portion by accident, but no, it was an appetizer. Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. Pretty, pretty good... mmm-mmm. You want one now, don't ya? ;)
I also ordered a crispy fish box lunch, which was good, but not out of this world. I will definitely go back here to try out other items on their menu.
One tip... it seems that in general their dishes are huge. We ordered a single appetizer and two lunches, and could not even come close to finishing any of it. So bring your appetite, and just take whatever you don't finish to go... and don't forget it in the refrigerator at work over the weekend!
At the end of our meal they gave us a little sealed shot-glass sized bottle with what looked like milk. It's actually some sort of dessert juice, and it was delicious! It's definitely something to look forward to as you're writing in your tip on the credit card slip. :)The portions were enormous! I came here with a friend for dinner the other night, and there was no way either of us were going to finish our meals. Although the prices are already reasonable, we ended up paying next to nothing because we purchased the $15 for $30 Yelp deal. 
Before our meals came out, the waitress brought us an assortment of mini appetizers which were delicious. There was kimchi, corn in cream sauce, pickled cucumbers, cooked bean sprouts, and broccoli with spicy sauce. I already started to fill up before our meal had even come out. I ordered the haemool jampong (seafood noodle soup), and my friend had the Dduk gook (rice cake soup). Both were delicious and came in the largest bowls I have ever seen in a restaurant! I finished maybe 1/3 of mine and packed the rest up for later. My friend also ordered some fried chicken to take home which looked great.
Also, we kept hearing really loud music coming from the back or maybe above the restaurant, and we weren't sure if it was next to a club or something like that. It turns out that Sammy Chon's does karaoke, so maybe we'll be back to try it out!Disclaimer: having lived in Korea, I can't help but compare Korean food in the US to the real deal, as unfair as that might be.
Despite this stated tendency, I was very pleased with my dinner here at Sammy Chon's. I had the soondubu chigae, a spicy soup of soft tofu and kimchi. It was very good, though I should have ordered it a bit spicier. The kimchi and banchan were fair, though I've yet to have truly good kimchi in the States. I ordered for my dining companion since he wasn't sure what to get. I got him japchae, which was very good as well. The mandu were a bit of a disappointment, but that's life. 
I also got compliments on the staff for my pronunciation, which is always nice. They expressed an interest in hiring me, which I'll definitely keep in mind if law doesn't work out.I'm torn on this. The Korean fried chicken was alright, nothing amazing and the sauces were too wet and watery. I went with a few people and we ordered each of the four types of chicken. The wings were large and meaty, but the glazes were gloopy and wet. They weren't bad wings, they just weren't good bon chon style korean fried chicken wings.
We also ordered the kolgie subs. I went with the spicy pork and this was delicious. The meat was cooked and seasoned well, while there weren't a whole bunch of fixings, the sauce on it was a perfect compliment. I would recommend getting the kolgie sub, but maybe hold off on the chicken. Atleast the wings also come in small servings rather than the only in $20 servings as the regular kfc places.This review is for my delivery experience, and I have to say, Sammy Chon's met my expectations, but didn't blow me away.  
I grew up eating authentic Korean food (thanks, Mom!), so I feel qualified to say this: Sammy Chon's is a cheapened, Americanized version of a lot of the classics.  Kind of like a Korean version of your run of the mill Chinese delivery place.  As long as you have the right expectation, it can definitely satisfy your cravings!
The combination boxes are a nice convenient option if you want a little variety.  You get your choice of meat, japchae, white rice and a salad.  I got the house special Korean fried rice and it comes with a TON of shrimp.  The portion size is ridiculous - you'll be set for at least 2 more meals!  You can ask for it spicy, too - just tell them what level of spice you want when you order.
The crispy pork dumplings were pretty tasty but I will likely try them steamed next time.  It was hard to taste anything but the fried outside of the dumpling.
Other points of interest... it's WAY easier to order from Sammy Chon's than it is from Giwa (which is my go-to).  Giwa uses Dining Out, a vendor, and at Sammy Chon's you can just call the restaurant and place your order.  The service is efficient and very friendly.  Both people I talked to on the phone spoke excellent English.  They also don't charge a crazy delivery fee.  They take delivery orders until 9:30 pm on weeknights.  Also - there is SO much variety on their menu!
I will probably give this place another shot, except I want to go in person and have dolsot bibimbap and other deliciousness that doesn't deliver well.I always pass by Sammy Chon whenever I'm in Chinatown and I would wonder why they were always empty, day time or night time. Also I heard bad reviews from friends. But that means nothing for me unless I try it myself and so I did. I came in for karaoke. They have only one room. The room looks nice, colorful and with a club-bish feel. There were about 10 of us and we had to ask for more chairs. One big flaw was that the flat screen monitor for song selection kept falling down. It wasn't locked down or mounted. On top of that the touch screen needs to be calibrated because it was unresponsive. Lastly, we had to come out of our room each time we want to order something or get waited on because there is no service button or anything and they cannot hear us if we tried calling. 
As far as the food, it is not bad. I was surprised at how good the soft tofu was. I had ordered mushroom soft tofu and it came with side dishes and a small rice bowl. Even though they soft tofu is good, still can't beat Jong Ka Jib's because the side dishes are not good and rice provided was real small. The tofu and was rice were not cooked in the stone pot, so it lost some authentic feel to it. I also ordered rice cakes, but the waitress gave me fish cakes. I didn't like the fish cakes at all. Overall, the food is not bad but it is pricey like most Korean restaurants. This is why I appreciate the campus food trucks when I was in college so much. They had delicious food for less and their kalbi was amazing!Sigh. a hit and a miss. 
I first came to Sammy Chon's when it first opened up as a BYOB. Came with a group of friends, had some ok meat dishes (I believe I had the bulgogi rice platter dish?) and left. I decided that it was time to try again, in the hope that there would finally be a legit Korean joint in Philly. 
Again, super disappointed. Went for a meal on a Thursday night, and there were only a few other tables that were filled. The first server that we had was awkwardly friendly, and took our drink orders. We then had a different server take our meal options - we ordered the nengmyun (cold noodles) and the jajangmyun (black bean noodles). We ordered our meal right after catching a mosquito that was flying around in the seat right next to me.
nengmyun was pretty bland - I had to ask for more kimchi and some Korean horseradish mustard. I basically felt like I was seasoning everything on my own. It was barely edible, and we ate it just have some of our meal. 
The jajangmyun was absolutely horrible. It was sweet, and the black bean sauce tasted more like a refried bean sauce than anything Korean-related. Even the original server - when he saw what we had ordered - cried in dismay, saying that he would have "never let us order it." Apparently, said server has tried to tell the Chef to change the recipe to one that is slightly more authentic, but... how do you tell a chef / owner that his food is bad? No matter what we did, we couldn't get the terrible tasting noodle dish to be even somewhat edible.
The server nicely took the jajangmyun off of our check, and we left - I was REALLY hoping that I could have some passable Korean options at Sammy Chon's. Won't be returning again, and will just have to travel to hmart for some acceptable korean meals.Unfortunately, I never managed to write a review for Sammy Chon's before it closed.  Since it's gone now I'll just say that I was really pleased the first (and only) time I stopped in.  It was nice to have a place that was opened so much later than the majority of Chinatown restaurants and that offered a little more variety.
I'm disappointed I won't get to try more there.I'm just gonna be honest, but I'm not a fan of this place. The food is overpriced given the quality and portions. I went with a group of five friends, one of whom was black, and the waiter immediately asked him if he wanted fried chicken. Racist much? The actual fried chicken wasn't good. The appetizers were weird and when I asked for an explanation about them, I received an attitude. The bulgogi was decent. Try somewhere else.We came here for lunch on a weekday after finishing a run.  Nothing does a sweaty and hot body better than some spicy and sizzling korean food.  And we were so glad we did!  The restaurant is not the most attractive one around.  It does look a little bit like an old converted Chinese seafood restaurant.  The faded chairs and tables were probably part of the sales contract.  But don't let the fading ghosts of dim sums past distract you, the food here is fresh and bright, and the staff is young and sprightly.  
We targeted the awesome lunch special for our first visit.  I played it safe with the bulgogi dolsot bibimbop and the fiance went with the calamari dolsot bibimbop.  Medium spiciness please, oh and some green tea too.  Our super friendly server brought over a pot of fresh barley green tea that was mellow and nutty.  It was not the watered down stuff you get at most places and yes, it was completely free.  The banchan came out quickly afterwards. Because they're free, we usually don't expect too much of them at korean restaurants.  But the ones they brought out were each delicious.  The sauteed mushrooms were our favorite.  They were super flavorful and buttery, very western in execution.  The sliced kimchi was nice and saucy, and the cucumbers were super cold and crunchy.  All of it felt very homemade and not just an after-thought for the restaurant.  When we asked for seconds, our awesome waiter replenished the whole spread.  No skimping here!
Finally our bibimbops came crackling over on a trolley.  Man were they hot!  They must have some amazing heat equipment back there in the kitchen, because my stone bowl was still hot after I finished my meal.  I am not complaining.  I love how the rice was actually able to crisp up on the side of the bowls and how we were forced to indulge in more banchan (the horror!) while we ate slowly.  My bulgogi was flavorful and only very slightly fatty.  It came with the usual julienne of veges and spouts and had the perfect amount of spice.  There was so much of it, I needed to take half of it home.  My fiance's calamari was very tender and not overcooked at all.  His bibimbop came with slices of zucchini and an egg on top, so our dishes were definitely unique even setting aside our different meat choices.  We both thought these were the best dolsot bibimbops we've had and only $8.99 at lunch!  They have lots of choices too, so it might be one of their specialties?
Once we finished our meals and I boxed away my next day lunch, our waiter came over with some free "desserts".  Small plastic bottle of Korean yogurt drinks!  I haven't had one of these since I was probably 6.  But what a perfect way to a meal.  Cold, sweet, and slightly tangy.  It's the perfect (complimentary) complement to the meal.  
Lastly, the service was great.  Everyone was super nice and friendly.  And we had no communication issues ever.  Bit of advice for yelpers:  check in on yelp and get a discount on light beers during lunch (only $2.50 a bottle).  Check in at dinner and get 10% off.  We will definitely be back sometime for the korean fried chicken and the koagies!  I love a place that can do the classics but evolves with the eaters.Bbq chicken dolsot...my favorite!!! I also tried the LA kalbi dolsot and that was really good as well. Overall, this place keeps me coming back time after time!I've been here a total of 9 or 10 times now, but the last experience(s) there have turned me off. I'm a big fan of the Chicken Bulgogi, so I usually always order it. The time before today when I went, they brought me the bulgogi box with the egg, rice, etc. Wasn't what I ordered, they fixed it and brought me the right order and even let me keep the bulgogi box (I can't really have rice, that's the reason I don't get the box). So today my girlfriend and I went, we knew what we wanted and ordered as soon as she greeted our table. We only had an hour on our meter so we just ordered quickly. I made sure this time to say chicken bulgogi and pointed to the exact thing I wanted. We saw a few people come in after us, order apps and an entree and got their food. We waited and waited and nothing was coming out so with 10 minutes to go before the meter ran out, I asked for the check and to wrap it to go. I notice on the check it says chicken bulgogi box ($8.99). I explained to the other waitress that I didn't order that and I couldn't have rice. So my girlfriend waits while I go get the car and she informs me before I even get there that the food is ready. They removed the egg from the chicken bulgogi box and turned it upside down into a to go container so that the rice was on top and changed the check to chicken bulgogi ($14.99). Irate doesn't begin to explain it. I'm pretty pissed now and doubt I will return.Yayy, finally a location closer to me!! I've always loved their original location in Cherry Hill, and now they finally expanded to the Philly area. My gf and I came here around 9PM on a Thursday night and there was no one there, so I don't believe they've spread the word enough about this location yet. This location is actually bigger than the one in NJ and bigger than a lot of restaurants in the area! Good for them!
I used to receive informational/promotional emails from them but haven't recently. I didn't even know that this location opened if it weren't for my friend, who lives close to the NJ location and was informed by the owner. 
I had originally ordered the pork bulgogi box, but I think our waitress got confused when we changed our order up a bit and gave me a tonkatsu box instead. I didn't inform her though, even though I probably should have, and decided to try it out since I knew I'd be coming back anyway. The katsu was the right amount of crispiness, but I didn't feel like there was enough meat in it. The jap chae that came with the box wasn't bad. However, I felt like it could've been a little bit more "al dente," (or however you say "a bit firmer" in korean). The rice had that awesome chewy and soft texture that I love. The box also includes a bit of salad with some creamy dressing. For $13-14 bucks, it's not a bad deal. 
I enjoyed my friend's order a bit more. She got the beef bulgogi and soon tofu combo. You can specify the spiciness level on the soon tofu. She got a 4 out of 7 - I think I would've kicked it up a notch. Everything came out hot and steamy and of course with all korean meals, there was a variety of complimentary side dishes. Can't wait to come back soon!I was disappointed...I know this is opening week and all..but if you are not ready to open...then they should've waited until all the preperation was complete...in addition, restaurant this big in size should let you grill galbi on your table...no??This place is fantastic.  A friend of mine has been raving about korean BBQ and I told her it was time to finally experience the food myself.  The two of us and a mutual friend decided to try Sammy Chon's.  Like previous reviewers, the portions were huge.  We went with the "potato pancake", the spare ribs, and the chicken wings and we were very happy.  Our total bill was only $41 and that was before we used the Yelp coupon.  The servers kept our tea pot full.  The decor could use some improvement but we were very happy with our food and I plan to return the next time I am in Chinatown.The food here is just as good as the store in Cherry Hill, so each time we decide to hit up Sam for Korean, we're coming here (no more trips over the Walt for yummy Korean food!) ! Sam was the first person to introduce my family and I to Korean food, so we're faithful to him 'till the end. The soy and honey sesame wings are incredible; they're so crispy and flavorful, yet not greasy at all. They're highly addictive, so I recommend only getting 4 because you will have no room left for your dinner if you get 10. I absolutely LOVE the banchan; each time you go, there is an array of about 8 banchan, each different at every trip to the restaurant. 
I always get the same thing when we eat at Sammy's, which is the soon dubu stew, spicy 3.5 stars with spicy pork. It's a soft tofu cooked in a spicy (as spicy as you want, but be warned, anything above a 4 will make your eyes tear up!) broth with meat of your choice. It's probably unlike any other food you've ever eaten, so make sure you try it because there is no comparison to anything if you haven't had Korean food before. It comes out in a hot pot so it's always EXTREMELY hot. I always ask for a glass of ice to put in the stew to cool it down because I've made the mistake of burning my mouth on soon dubu one time too many. 
This location serves alcohol, and we were recommended a mango flavored Korean drink. I thought we each were getting a glass, but boy was I wrong; we got a carafe!!! The drink was delicious! It was cool and refreshing, and ended up being the perfect compliment to our hot (both in temperature and spice) meals. My husband always gets the LA kalbi (marinated short ribs) which he swears by and wishes he could eat on a daily basis. 
Everything Sam makes is incredible! If you're a newbie to Korean food, definitely come here with an open mind and be willing to try something new and possible off the cusp than what you'd normally eat. Trust me, you'll be pleasantly surprised!yummmmmm my first impression i korean food A+!!! atmosphere is kinda weird not so cozy but bring a bottle or two and a bunch of friends and pig out!!!!!!!!!!Please don't patronize these crooks.  I paid for a voucher with Yelp and they refused to accept it.  They claimed it was for a different branch even though their address and phone number was the only one on the voucher.Took the boyfriend to Sammy's last night... what's better than Korean food on a rainy March night?  He never ate Korean before, and I did my research on Yelp to see what people were raving about.  It was a huge success!
The service was OUTSTANDING.  I swear everyone in here is on happy pills.  Granted, it was a slow night, but it seemed like everyone in the restaurant came to check on us in a friendly way.  It was some of the best service I've had anywhere.
We started with the Potato Shrimp based on Yelp reviews, and it was awesome.  The sauce is really what makes the appetizer, so don't be afraid to be generous with it.  For any of you on a budget who normally skip appetizers, it was worth the few extra bucks and was surprisingly filling.
We had the spicy chicken rice bowl and the spicy pork bulgogi.  The rice bowl was so good, especially the crispy rice on the bottom.  I would recommend getting any of their rice bowls, and it's a generous portion.  The spicy pork bulgogi was basically a plate of spicy pork, and it was also delicious.  We had spicy level 3 for everything and that was plenty for my spicy-loving Caucasian palate.
Overall the restaurant was bright, clean, and very open-feeling.  I'm so glad they've opened in Chinatown, the neighborhood didn't seem complete without it.I love the Cherry Hill location, so I was super excited about the Chinatown location opening up. Most of our friends live in Philly, and we would have our very own "KTown BBQ Express" shuttling people from PATCO to the Cherry Hill location. 
When it first opened, there were a few kinks to work out, but who doesn't expect that with a completely new staff and location? Everything is in shape now, and it's fantastic. 
Our most recent visit was especially memorable because it was one of those "kalbi days"-- you know, when you've had a long day, you're tired, and nothing but kalbi will make you feel better. I had a kalbi dolsot, which was SIZZLING HOT. The crispy rice was no joke, and the meat was marinated and grilled to perfection. Our dinner companions, one who had never been here before, were pleased as well with their dishes (soon dubus for the rest of our table). Flavor and spiciness were spot on, soup was bubbling, and the egg cooked properly. The potato shrimp was hot and crispy. Service was attentive but not overbearing; our glasses were refilled constantly, which we all appreciated after a long day (we were there close to 9pm). 
Needless to say, we all walked out of there feeling pretty happy. Bad days ain't got nothin' on Sammy Chon!I've been to Sammy Chon's a few times now, all for lunch, and have had a great experience every time. The lunch box special with the BBQ, rice, japchae noodles, and salad is reasonably priced- especially for the amount of meat you get! It's so much food and the meat is cooked perfectly, moist and delicious. 
The chicken wings are said to be top-notch and I found that mostly true. Albeit, I've only gotten the honey sesame and can't break away from that flavor because the skin is super crunchy and then I use the honey to dip my rice in :) It's good! The one thing I will say about the wings is either they need to be cooked a little longer or they're just not high quality, because they come off a little rubbery and fatty. That being said, I order them anyway because the skin is that good!
I've also gotten the Yook gae jang (spicy beef brisket soup w/royal fern and vermicelli ) lunch special at a level 4 spiciness and it was perfect. I like spice, especially in a soup broth, and this one delivered on all four cylinders! I had to bring the rest home because I didn't want to waste it, as it was hard to sit and eat the whole bowl in my hour's worth of lunch break. 
The service is also great, but if you need something, you'd better make eye contact, otherwise, they pretty much leave you be, which is how I like it. I don't know of any other Korean place in Chinatown either, so they def. have something great here. 
Special Note: Full bar!Took a coworker who was in town for a few days to Sammy Chon's in Chinatown. I love Korean food and coworker has been to Korea many times. The place was packed but we were able to get a table (no wait). We split the spicy pork dolsot and the L.A. Kalbi. Spicy pork dolsot was AWESOME with tons of meat. The L.A. Kalbi was very tasty and not too salty, unlike most other Korean places. The ban shan were very good and fresh. The waitstaff was very helpful but not instusive. The atmosphere was very enjoyable and very un-Chinatown-esque (that's a good thing). I highly recommend and will definitely go back soon. I just may start calling it Korea-town...Went to this restaurant for the first time today and it will not be my last visit! I never had Korean food up to this point and LOVED it! I went with two friends that also never had Korean food; they too were also very pleased.  There were no other customers in the restaurant aside from a table with two customers getting ready to leave.  We were immediately acknowledged and seated.  The server was very pleasant and got us water right away.  He came back and took the order.  I ordered for the table since we were all going to share everything.  I ordered steamed veggie dumplings, tofu steak, and the 10 piece chicken wings for appetizers; I then ordered calamari dolsot and japchae as entrees.  The food came out in lightning speed.  The server first brought the small plates of kimchee, spicy zucchini, macaroni salad, mushrooms, black beans, and Korean coleslaw.  I had heard that kimchee can be very spicy and was a bit wary, but it was very good and not too spicy.  My one friend does not like intensely spicy food and also enjoyed the kimchee and zucchini.  I ordered the wings with the soy garlic sauce thinking that the spicy sauce may be too hot.  Absolutely delish! So crunchy and tasty.  I like spicy and will order the spicy sauce the next time! The rest of the food came out within minutes.  We tried and enjoyed everything.  My only minor complaint was with the japchae.  The japchae was stuck together which made it hard to serve.  I think it was because we did not start eating it right away.  The server checked on us and had a great personalty.  He was talking with us and really made us feel welcome.   
In all, a very good experience.  I would recommend giving this place a try!Usually when I crave Korean food, I have to swallow my disappointment as I refuse to try a restaurant unless it has the blessing of one of my Korean friends, bc of how expensive they generally are.  All I want is a Korean version of one of those authentic somewhat-dingy Chinese places. Sorry if that doesn't make Sammy Chon's sound appealing, but that's what I liken it to and it's exactly what I was looking for.
When we arrived around 2 in the height of the heat wave, I was surprised by the un-change in temperature courtesy of lack of air-conditioning.  We positioned ourselves at where we thought the ceiling fans would do their best on our sweaty bodies.  There was only one other table occupied. Our servers were friendly and food was brought out quickly.  
I was feeling a kimchi dubu stew which is a tofu broth brought out bubbling like a volcano, but was worried that I might die of heat stroke if I tried eating that on top of how hot it was outside and inside.  I ordered it anyway since it was on the lunch special menu.  It was a little smaller than the portion I'm used to, but it hit the spot. We ordered their chicken wings with some garlic sauce which are some of the best Korean fried chicken I've had. Crispiness and juicy tenderness to perfection. 
I love the complimentary side dishes that Korean places serve and was just as excited when the server brought ours out. The kimchi cucumber and cabbage were just okay though..could've been more flavorful and the cabbage was more chewy than crisp. I liked the radish and mushrooms.
Outside of the lunch special, I think I would've still been hesitant about the prices. But then, I'm frugal. I would definitely come back here~~~Let's just say.. I've had better Korean food.. The side dishes weren't all that "authentic" .and the kimchi was poorly made. Food takes FOREVER to come out. Tofu stew.. 35mins to come out!! And they weren't even packed!!! O, gotta love the chick who ignored me when I tried to order. She looked right at me and away.. I don't know what kind of "customer service" that is... But I can definitely do without this place. Other than the fact that they open till 4am on the weekends, I can't find a reason to recommend this place to people.I got the chicken dolsot and my wife got the bimbim bat dolsot. We both really enjoyed our meals. The tv had a Korean music/dance channel on the whole time, but to be honest it was rather entertaining. 
I was asked how spicy I wanted my chicken dolsot and was told 3 is average on a scale to 7, so naturally I said 6. Next time I'll get it at a 7. But don't use me as a gauge I really like my food spicy. All in all I will be returning.So I've been here a bunch of times with my boyfriend since they opened last year. We were really excited about having a Korean place so close by and although a little pricy, we were happy with our meals and would return every few months. 
It's been a while since we have been, but we went tonight and it was considerably different. I got the combination box (as I always would, just changing out the meat) and noticed 2 significant differences than all the other times I've been here. The salad, which before was always a great fresh mix of spring greens, was cut cubes of iceberg lettuce and cucumbers. Not even romaine, but iceberg! I never purchase iceberg myself since it lacks nutrition, so I was pretty disappointed with this. The second was the jap chae that comes on the side lacked beef and veggies. I had 2 pieces of carrot and 1 piece of cucumber. All the other times the jap chae would have 1/4 beef, 1/4 veggies and 1/2 noodles. My friend's salmon was swimming in sauce - the previous time we tried the salmon combination box the end of last  year it was cooked beautifully crisp on the bottom and topped with sauce. 
I don't know if they're skimping because business is slacking (it was pretty slow for a Friday night around dinner time) or if they're just trying to be cheap, but to be honest, unless I hear that things have changed, they won't be on my list of dinner options - not with so many wonderful cheap restaurants in the block radius.I had a very enjoyable time at Sammy Chon's.  Was there with two friends and we all enjoyed our food very much, as well as ther very pleasant, fast and knowledgeable service.  I had the Kalbi+ soon dubu combo, which very  good,  and a friend had the Bulgogi box.  I can't wait to go back and try something else on the menu, they seem to really know what they are doing.  Don't think I'll be disappointed!!Had some dolsot and some bonchon on a lunch trip over there and I must say they were both pretty damn good. I'm not the most well versed in Korean food, but everything seemed pretty good. Dinner prices are a bit high for my taste, but for lunch I would say it's a good spot.I'd been meaning to try Sammy Chon's for a while now.  With there being so many great places located in Chinatown, it took me a while to get here.
A friend and I arrived around six o'clock on a weekend, and the restaurant was empty.  It did fill up with a few more parties and the evening progressed.  
We started with the wings and the kimchi pancake.  I wasn't impressed with either.  The chicken wings were a bit big for my liking, and once the outer fried layer was gone, the wings were just.... eh.  Not impressive.  The kimchi pancake was hard to eat, and I wasn't crazy about the flavor.
The banchan they provided upon being seated was lackluster as well.  We got kim chi (which I Iove and was great), corn (?), black beans (?), cubed ham (?), and a couple other things I can't remember.  I know it's 'free', but I just figured they would provide things that would be a little more authentic.  
For entrees, my friend ordered the bibimbop, which she said was good.  I got the combo of soon du bu, extra spicy-and they deliver on the spice--and the kalbi.  The kalbi was delicious.  It had good flavor, and was cooked well.
The staff was very polite, and service was good.Extremely disappointed. I usually frequent the Cinnaminson location but since it's under renovations, I decided to give the main location a try. My first surprise was the difference in menu. This location is mostly dedicated to traditional Korean fare so it lacks a number of the fusion items at the Express restaurant such as the fish tacos, mini-wonton tacos, and fried oreos. So, instead we ordered bulgogi koagies, fried pork dumplings, a bulgogi quesadilla, and jap chae (we usually get it with bulgogi but in the main location, that's the only option). So, ate the koagie, and I had to keep spitting out pieces of fat. Disappointed, tried the dumpling. They were soft, looked more like they were steamed (but it had some browning so it must have been fried), and they were not as stuffed as the dumplings I would get from the Express. Biting into it and very little meat, still managed to bite into some fat, though. Getting upset, opened the quesadilla and it was a mess. It wasn't cooked to being crispy, it was 90% cheese and being cut up it reformed into one piece. Bit into it, sure enough fat. Angry at this point, opened up the jap chae and very little meat and ate the noodles and they had no flavor. Everything I ate here was bad. I don't have a kind word for anything. Remarkable the differences between two locations.nice to have a korean place in chinatown, which is where i live. service is friendly and attentive. restaurant and restrooms are clean. 
dolsot bibimbap was as it should be--sizzling hot in a huge stone bowl. my only critique about it is that i could have used more meat. otherwise, it fills you up greatly and gives you that nice burnt, crisp rice at the bottom.
the kimchi pancake was also delicious and it had the right amount of crispiness to it. glad it wasn't soggy. 
banchan (korean appetizers) is always a welcomed treat. they had one with some kind of black bean that i've never seen before. they give you a good variety-nothing outstanding or extraordinary though.
i'll probably return here again when i have another korean food craving.
note to self: BYOB!Haha seriously!?  Look at the three people so far who have rated this place one star.  For each, this is their first written review.  I think some of the local businessmen are getting sneaky because they don't want you to try this place!
I can't complain about the meal in any way.  I went in with high hopes after it was hyped up by friends (they have other locations outside Philadelphia).  And the food and service did not disappoint.
Sammy Chon seems like a nice guy who just honestly wants to get the right food out to people who appreciate it.  The deep fryer was being installed still when I visited, so I didn't get a chance to try the bonchon.  Definitely will look forward to coming back to check that out.
This is one of the first times that I went through a whole round of the little side snacks/appetizers, had them refill me up completely, then went through a whole round again during the meal.  Some really tasty choices there.
Shared the soondobu as well as tried the spicy pork bulgolgi and beef bulgolgi.  Standouts for me were the soondbou, spicy pork bulgolgi, as well as the jap chae it came with.  I would have finished it all except the portions are so generous!
Looking forward to going back there next time I'm in Philly!Pretty good Korean food. We ordered the spicy rice cakes which were great and I got Kimchi chigae stew which was spicy and delicious. The atmosphere is just okay but the food is good so that is why I gave it 4 stars instead of fiveA solid Korean joint in Philly's Chinatown, had their 2 for $20 dinner menu:
- Nang Myun cold noodle: thin delicious buckwheat noodles complete with seasonal vegies and crushed ice! The noodles are super fun to eat and the soup so refreshing.
- Bulgogi beef: delicious, comes with a bowl of rice and side dishes, which were also delicious, every one of them
After the meal we got a small Korean yoghurt drink each, which tastes like a sweet strawberry heaven. 
Would go back if ever in Philly again.My boyfriend and I went here after a phillies game. So so so yummy. We got the dumplings and they are one of the loveliest things you could put in your mouth. And there's beer! And happy people. We have been planning to come back.I like one in Cherry Hill, NJ.  So, I tried this place.  I was excited, but it was a disappointment.  I ordered SoonTofu/SoonDuBu, Bulgogi and Dolsot Bibibab.  It was OK.  Soon Tofu stew wasn't hot or flavored enough.  My husband said Dolsot Bibibab was OK.  It was pricy for so so food.  I don't know if I am coming back here.Went here for the 1st time a few weeks ago and I was very impressed! The people working were SO friendly and they let us know what we should try for it being my 1st time. The spicy chicken bento style box was AMAZING. I want it right now actually.. 
They also make these kimchi pancakes that rule, I was a little nervous to try it but they turned out to be pretty good.
I will back for sure!Excellent Korean food in Chinatown!  Hubbie had the spicy pork dolsot bibimbap (sizzling hot bowl filled with rice, veggie, and meat) and I had the bulgogi hot pot (soup).  We killed both.  The bulgogi was paper thin and tender, exactly as it should be.  They didn't have bbq grills on their tables (which I like just for ambience) and the decor was simple if a little bland, but I'd go back for the food any day.My first foray into Sammy Chon's was at the Cherry Hill location, so when one opened in Chinatown, I was very excited.  I ordered the LA Kalbi Dolsot and loved the good-sized portion filled veggies and rice as well as the flavorful meat.  The kalbi was delicious, but had a lot of oil, so I would recommend tilting your bowl (once it's cool enough) to let it drain to one side rather than get absorbed into the rice.I love this place! Both times I've been here I've been extremely pleased. I love the small plates they bring out before your meals, I love the mango something drink that I'll never know the real name of, and I love the Chicken Bulgogi. 
I think the prices are reasonable for the amount and quality of the food you get. The place seems to always be over-staffed so they're very attentive to your needs and pleasant. 
My only warning: check the label on the yogurt drink they give at the end of the meal, no real yogurt in there.If only this place was a good notch better--from say a C+ to a B+, it would be our go to place for Korean food, and we wouldn't have to sneak off to North Philly to get the soondoobu or to Kim's BBQ to get the charcoal grilled kalbi (mmm....)
But it's not. For late night, and you need K-food, it's all there is in the area, and it's not bad. The Korean style fried chicken will kill you, but you'll die happy eating it. The kalbi is LA style (meaning on the bone) but this wasn't great--very fatty, which is not how it should be. The pork and tofu sweet stir fry, greasy and salty and tasty. The kimchi chigae tasted store-made from a packet, too...but again, nothing was *bad*, just I'd say...like if Applebees made Korean food, it wouldn't be too far off from this.
So if you own this place, please make it one good notch better and we'll live there! The service was casual, friendly, and very prompt. Just improve the food! We'll pay rent!I love Korean food, so it's nice to (finally!) have a place nearby to satisfy my weekly cravings.  The portions here are delicious and generous (as it should be at any self-respecting Korean place!) and the prices are affordable on a student budget (somewhat pricey, but they give you your money's worth).  I tried the chicken bulgogi bento box and the chicken tasted great, though I thought the chili covered up the other spices a bit (spiciness level was 5/7).  I also really liked the glass noodles and their salad, and we can substitute red rice in for free?  Yes please!  The waitress was also very nice and service was quick.
My only two complaints was that the red rice was a bit soggy and that I didn't order the bento box.  I originally ordered the chicken bulgogi dolsop (pointed at the picture too ;_;).  Still, I'm happy that they actually have red rice available and the bento box was very delicious and satisfying nonetheless (I bought another bento box for take out for lunch the next day).
Will definitely be back to try the dolsops and other menu items soon.
4.5 / 5 stars!I love koeran food. Sadly living in Chinatown, gives me very little choice. Had the Soon dubu and bulgogi. Although the food is great, it's pretty pricey. I used to love going to Buford Highway in Atlanta and getting what I got here for at least $3 cheaper (and with more side dishes too).
Long story short: Good food, but relatively expensive for Chinatown.Ordered the seafood soon du bu - was decent but the service was terribly slow. The waiter was busy on the phone so we were waiting there for quite some time before we had our orders taken. It's my lunch break, hurry up!I was super excited to try this place because I'm obsessed with Korean food, but this did not really meet my expectations.
It wasn't authentic Korean food, there were no grills for barbeque, and the service was meh. I've had better pajeun at Miga and Waejo. They did have ja jang myeon which we were excited about, but I don't know if it's any good. And they had yakult which i was really excited about.
I prob won't go back.Sammy Chon's in Cherry Hill is one of our favorite restaurants so we were excited we wouldn't need to cross the bridge every time we had a craving.  
The Chinatown location has friendly service, decor is sad (I think it's the ugly cheap chairs mixed with the modern wall art; and the space isn't used properly to give it a cozy feel), and the food is good but overall the feel of the Cherry Hill restaurant is much better. There were some differences with the food like how they put a gigantic blob of red pepper paste in the naeng myun which didn't do much to enhance the taste.  But in the end it's dependable food- a place to go for a quick bite.
Also as a side note I saw another table order the seaweed salad and saw it come out with a maraschino cherry on top.  Doesn't seem like a tasty combination.Grubhub Philly to the rescue. They deliver Korean food until 2200!!! 
They're most known for their BBQ and koagies (hoagies), but we went for something else. Too cold to wanna button and scarf/hat up to go into Rittenhouse. It was getting late. What should we do to keep from being hit by the cold? Opted for this instead.
Omg delicious. Sooo awesome, our room service meal just a mile away. Ordered: fried pork/veg dumplings, very spicy salmon veg fried rice, and Korean jajungmyun. Great food, so happy with the portions.
Banchan was scant and small, but appreciated that there were any at all! Goljujang cukes and cabbage, macaroni salad, green beans.
Deliv:$2I've been to Sammy's location in Cherry Hill and had a great experience there food and service wise.
Took my family of three plus my mom, aka the most pickiest restaurant eater you will ever freaking meet to the philly chinatown location.
Ordered:
~ Potato wrapped shrimp: nice presentation, crispy on the outside and soft in the inside...nice little garlic flavor too
~ Bulgogi koagie: awesome hoagie bread, nice ratio of innards vs. bread
~ Jjajang myun (black noodles): a little too soupy but great flavor, love that there are big chunks of beef and veggies instead of the usuall little ittty chopped up pieces.
~ Haemool Jjampong (spicy seafood noodle soup): Both my mom and my fave! I loved that they allowed for spicy intensity instead of just making it a one stop super spicy bowl of fire.
~ Combo haemool jjampong & pork tang soo yook (bowl split in half, one side spicy seafood noodle soup, the other side sweet and sour pork): read above about the fabulous noodle soup.  The tang soo yook sauce needs some help...too much corn starch so made it too thick and gloopy and there was no sweet nor sour...it was flavorless unfortunately...still the pork was fried nicely and the veggies were nice and still slightly crunchy
~ Haemool dolsot bibimbap (seafood with assorted marinated veggies over piping hot rice cooked in a clay pot): nice balance of flavors in one bowl
Their banchan (side dishes) was nothing great to mention, but my picky mom said the kimchi was well made...the old lady makes her own so she never says that about restaurant kimchi...
Staff was nice and accommodating but it was a little weird to hear the manager chick yell across the room that 2 servers shouldn't be clearing a table at the same time...I think she could have walked over or pulled them to the back to address that instead of in front of house with customers in ear shot.What is up with these reviews??? All the 1 star reviews are by people that have NEVER posted on Yelp before... FISHY....
Anyway, I could not be happier to find a new option in chinatown that isn't just Chinese food. I've been to this restaurant once in the Cherry Hill location so was super excited that they were opening one in the city. Do you want to know how excited I was? I ate here THREE times, yes THREE, in this first opening week. Why you ask? My first visit was good so after telling a few friends, they all wanted to go too and guess what? They also all enjoyed it. 
I've tried other Korean restaurants in the city and everything has been just... EH... as though they purposely tried to accommodate the demographic and made the food not taste as ethnic. Sammy Chon's on the other hand is legit.
Service: Everyone is super friendly and you get seated fast. The waiters are fast and even asked if we wanted a refill on the banchan when we were getting low. The owner also walks around restaurant and personally checks how everyone's meal is going as well.
Food: Standard Korean restaurant menu with a few other additions. I happen to love soondobu (tofu soup) so of course I had to try this here. Let me say that I've had my fair share of soondobu as I am from CA and this one ranks up there. I tried the seafood and clam one and both are very tasty. Soup has lots of depth/flavor, good portion, and of course, don't forget to drop in egg so it cooks in the hot soup. My only complaint about this is that the tofu hasn't been consistent over the three times I went (sometimes it was a bit more mashed than I would've preferred). Other standouts for me were the spicy pork and jap chae. I also think they give some interesting banchan would I do enjoy snacking on. I'm dying to try their wings also so maybe I'll be having to make my 4th trip soon LOL. Oh, and they also give you a small yogurt drink as a dessert before you leave.  
Price: Pretty standard prices compared to North Philly and a whole lot cheaper than the other Korean choices in the city. They also have great lunch specials and do not skimp out on the sizes. For 2 petite girls, we shared one of the lunch specials that includes the tofu soup and bbq and it was the perfect portion for each.
Time: This seems to vary with each time I've gone and I can see why it may be a problem for some people who have short lunch breaks. First two times, it was fast so no problems. The third time, there definitely was a longer wait. Since they did just open and still working out the kinks, I can't give an accurate review on this yet.
Overall, I am EXTREMELY happy with a new choice in chinatown (I frequent here) and that it's actually good! Also they do accept credit card unlike many c-town locations. 
Obviously, I will be returning :DA group of us were debating which restaurant we wanted to bring our friend to for his first time eating Korean BBQ -- so to the casual, down-to-earth, unpretentious Sammy Chon's we went.
I initially wanted us to have the experience where we grilled our own meat -- sadly, they don't offer that, so we went for stone bowls instead.  The bulgogi dolsot was one of the best I've ever had.  Our super friendly servers asked how spicy we wanted it (and to their credit, they don't laugh condescendingly if you have a friend like mine who says, "No spice.  None.  Zerooooooo.").  It came to us still bubbling over the edges, which meant lots of crispy rice.  Whee!
The banchan was a bit meh, but whoa on the spicy kimchi.  Flaming hot, hot, hot!Visiting Philly and craving Miga, we had to quickly find a good Korean substitute. My friend's co-worker's Korean wife directed us to Sammy Chon's.
Note: THIS IS A CHAIN, so with all due respect for momma Chon and her recipes, this is not the place I thought it would be. The best part of the visit was the service - our server, an additional server and the manager/owner were great. The ambiance was ok (made me think it was not a chain - tricky, tricky!). The food was hit or miss.  I could not eat most of the banchan due to a seafood allergy (this is the 1st time I have had this issue at a Korean restaurant. They mix shrimp sauce/paste in everything) I ordered the kimchee pancakes and the chicken bulgogi dolsot bibimbap style. The kimchee pancakes had a great kimchee taste and a krispy crust that was heaven! It was also soggy in places and the onions were mushy. The chicken bulgogi dolsot bibimbap was MISSING THE EGG and when I pointed this out I was told it was included - just not on top. It was not! My friend had some soup, which she enjoyed. They gave everyone complimentary mini-yogurt drink, which I could have used without. All in all, I would say that in the absence of Miga, this would suffice. It would not be my 1st choice or recommendation to a friend.Early on a Saturday, we were the first ones there for lunch, but it quickly began to fill up. The server brought us a half dozen small pickled dishes to start. Their steamed dumplings are tremendous. My husband order bibimbap dolsot, and I had the seafood dolsot (after they were out of the baby octopus dolsot I'd ordered originally). Really delicious, absolutely reasonable. Perfect spiciness level!My husband and I went last night.....they were packed but we were seated immediately which is a plus. lots of tables and very clean. we are not strangers to sammy chons..have been to the cherry hill location many times and have frequented korean restaurants in many other cities. 
we ordered the soy garlic and spicy fried chicken as an app. i always like my korean fried chicken, delicious very cripsy on the outside but just a little salty. they were pretty damn yummy though. 
as with all korean restaurant we were given our small plates that they provide (kim chee, etc) and although there were about 6-7 of them it was nice that the waitress kept asking us if we needed refills on any of the small plates. always a plus. 
my husband ordered the beef bulgolgi and i ordered the soon tofu stew with kimchee. the beef bulgolgi didnt have a lot of beef in it but had a lot of flavor and theres the option of adding more sauce that they provide at the table. i always order the kim chee stew but decided to try something slightly different. the soon tofu stew is delicious with some rice and perfect (spicy 4) to my liking. if you like tofu i would recommend this. 
all in all i would recommend this, a nice addition to chinatown. compared to the cherry hill location i prefer that one more and compared to other korean restaurants its still good....it's byob too! hope this place does well. will be back!Menu: http://www.ktownbbq.com/print/KtownBBQMenu.pdf
Let's go to Chinatown to eat at a Korean restaurant... What could go wrong? Well...
1. Vegetarian noodles had meat in them
2. Bulgogi was soggy and bland 
Oh goodness, maybe it was a blunder in the kitchen due to a busy night? Regardless, this was a pretty bad experience for me and my friends. Am definitely not coming back here again. Also, the beef bulgogi was much pricier ($18) than that of other Korean restaurants. Couple that with the flavor, 0/5 stars, sorry.
On another note...
The ambiance is very modern. The layout and decorations are relatively new, and everything looks clean. The signage of the store is lit and bright, and I think Chinatown needs more stores with such. Very attractive storefront!great dinner tonight. $17 got me their version of a bento-box, and loved every biteDelicious food with every visit. Unique foods and plenty of appetizers. Be sure to grab a koagie (Korean hoagie with loads of BBQ and a sweet sauce). It's best to eat here during lunch time, it's a nice quiet environment, perfect for chowing down. The waiters are incredibly friendly and thoughtful. But if you are hungry and it's late night also go here they're open incredibly late. It's the best place to be to grab a beer and awesome wings. It's a win, win.Came here based on the reviews and was staying in a hotel just a few short blocks away, also: Korean BBQ!
The place was surprisingly almost empty for 9pm on a Friday night. Good for us, as we could get fast service. 
Seated in the back corner the place wasn't much on decorum but the food looked good. Surprising beers served, and an extensive menu. The chicken wings were spicy and the kalbi bbq was okay.
Only qualms - service could be a little better, drinks took a very long time to be served (especially considering almost no one was there). Also we were seated next to the karaoke room, which doesn't keep the sound out very well.
All in all not a bad place, but could use some improvements and it may be a bit pricy for the quality of food.This is apparently the best new place in Center City/Chinatown if you don't want to go to Northeast Philly for Korean BBQ.  My initial reaction to the restaurant was that it looked fairly typical for any place in Chinatown, though the makeshift dish station was a little unusual.  More importantly,  we were seated immediately on a Friday night, and that was great. The wait staff was very attentive, helpful, and always smiling.
We ordered the seafood scallion pancake and 3 inch short ribs. The waitress was so nice that she gave us free silken tofu soup for free! The food was very good, especially the accoutrement for the short ribs (that were served sizzling and cut table side).  The silken tofu was very good (with an egg cracked into it table side) and surprisingly spicy, so be careful when ordering.  Part of the way through the short ribs, the waitress brought our table more toppings of our choice-- we selected more cucumber, kimchi, and red beans.  That was a great touch.
Overall,the food was fairly good, and if I'm in the mood for a hearty meal with plenty of spice, you might find me there. Good stuff.I love Korean food. Friday, July 13, I had the pleasure of enjoying take-out from Sammy Chon's. I ordered the Soon Tofu Stew. I thought it came with all of the things listed in the description, but I was wrong...had to choose my 3 toppings. I chose seafood and combination. Mildly spiced per my request. I was very happy with my choice. It was delicious, just not enough seafood. I will continue ordering this dish. I love that they use soft silkened tofu in soups and stews, instead of the thick and firm tofu.Sammy Chon's is a Korean BBQ restaurant with four locations (actually three and a food truck) that serves authentic Korean cuisine. Let me warn you that you will not walk out of this place hungry. Every entre comes with five to seven assorted side dishes of kimchee, shoyu potatoes, fishcake, broccoli, cucumbers, green beans, and sweet corn. Chris and I ordered appetizers of potato-wrapped shrimp and honey BBQ Korean fried chicken wings and entres of kalbi (beef short ribs) and soon dubu (tofu stew with your choice of meat or seafood). The fried chicken exceeded my expectations. Each piece had a crunchy coating with tender, juicy meat inside. The honey BBQ sauce was delicious. The potato-wrapped shrimp were medium-size shrimp encased in a firm potato ball (or is fishcake?), hand-wrapped with potato strands, and flash-fried. I thought they were pretty good, but not something I'd crave again. The kalbi had excellent flavor. The meat itself was very fatty, which was good for about half the dish. There were both lean and fat portions, but overall it was a little too fatty. I'm thinking that the more expensive three-inch short ribs might alleviate the fat problem, but it was quite pricey at $38.99 compared to all of the sub-$20 entres on the menu. The seafood soon dubu was mostly soft tofu and straw mushrooms with three pieces of shrimp, two clams, and a raw egg on top. If I were to get this again, I would go for all shrimp. I actually enjoyed this dish and found comfort in dumping my white rice into the stew to make it more hearty. I ordered my spice level to be medium on a 1 to 7 scale, but our server sized me up and said I should get a "2". Chris ordered a "4" and our server asked, "You sure?" to which Chris nodded and said, "Hell, yeah!" Our drink was a carafe of soju wine mixed with lychee juice. That was yummy! Our server presented us with a small bottle of tangy yogurt drink as a dessert at the end of our meal.Went for dinner on a Sunday. Restaurant was busy but the service was very friendly and super fast. Was a little disappointed that they don't have charcoal pits but I know this isn't always feasible. Food was decent (steamed dumplings, veggie haemool pajun, bulgogi box) but somewhat less flavorful and cheaper cut of meat than others I've been to. That said, the servings were ample for the price. Good experience overall.It was just okay. The fried chicken is definitely not the best Korean chicken I've eaten (Bon Chon in NYC is hands down the best). Tasted more like regular wings you'd get at a pub. I also got the spicy pork bulgogi. Again it was just "meh". Not horrible but not great either. The service was fine, we were the only ones in there. I'm glad I tried it, but definitely won't be going back.I came at the tail end of a birthday party that was being held upstairs in the banquet room. When we arrived everyone had already eaten and the food was getting cold in the middle of the table. We got plates anyway because people said we HAD to try the food. Even cold...the food was great! The young lady waiting on our very large (30 or so) party found us plates and silverware without any attitude or hesitation. Though the group was done eating they were just getting started since someone who worked there showed them how to hook up iPhones to the sound system. Someone else turned on the mics and it was a full fledged party...way after the restaurant downstairs had closed. I was so impressed that the employees were so accommodating on a Saturday night. I am sure they would have liked to have been anywhere else, but they were gracious and never gave us the eye that says, "You have been here for hours and it is time that you leave". I would like to note that we did not pay extra for this, which is even awesome-r. I appreciated the authentic Korean food, the wonderful service and the fact that they appreciated us.went there today to pick up lunch,got it home and it was a big disappointment...I had it before at another Sammy Chon's in CInnamson and theirs was much better...they forgot to put sauce in the jap chae,it should be brown not white,the koagie was full of fat,had to throw that away,the dumplings were not browned enough,the bad thing is I bought 2 of everything except the quesadillas,I just one of those and it hardly had any meat in it and had a lot of cheese which had to be cooked longer also. I am never going to go there again...66.00 down the drainI ate here a year ago and walked out in disgust as it was one of the worst meals I had ever had. I brought the poor quality of the food to the managers attention. Instead of trying to accommodate me or to revise the check, all they said was "sorry you did not enjoy yourself"
Well I happen to be in Chinatown today and decided that "everyone deserves a second chance". I was wrong! We ordered dumplings, they offered them fried I preferred them steamed. They came out barely cooked with sick tasteless doughy enclosures. The dipping sauce I believe was just soy then came the Gal Bi. Big sick chunks of short-lived. Filled with fat!! Not believing delicious meat I have come to know over the last 10 years. After they brought the plate of meat, I sat there for five minutes waiting for the lettuce sauce jalapenos and garlic that always accompany this meal. I had to beg for each and every item. I still have no idea what type of lettuce they brought out but it was horrific as was the taste of the meat. Well Sammy you got your second chance and you failed miserably.i was very disappointed...I am korean and i DO know what korean food should taste like.  One question i had...they dont know even how to cook the rice right.....the rice was like too mushy...that mushy rice was in my bibimbob....it was like bibimbob "conjee".. it was bad.  And banchan? all too sweet...no intention to go back.Went here for a quick bite to eat after getting a haircut at the salon next door--yay for Korean food that's cheap and satisfying. The food was good, but nothing to really rave about. I had a lunch special soondooboo, and my boyfriend got the bulgogi dolsot bibimbap. Both were really generously sized for inexpensive lunch portions, and were tasty. I was a little surprised that the soondooboo came only with ground meat and not anything else besides the tofu--other places I've had it, it's come with vegetables at least. Still, for $7, not a bad deal, especially since it came with the small plates Korean food is usually associated with. Beers were also cheap ($2 Yuengling!) after checking in with Yelp. Overall, generic food taste, great value.
The only thing I actually felt negatively about was the temperature--for some reason, the restaurant itself was very cold, and I had to put my jacket back on midway through the meal. I didn't ask if they could crank the heat up, as we were in a hurry, but it still seemed odd that the restaurant wasn't very much warmer than the outside temperature.A friend and I stopped into K-Town around noon on a Monday. It wasn't that busy when we came in, but after we were seated it started to really pick up.
We didn't have to wait for seating at all, and the food came out very quickly. The waitress was very nice to us, and made sure we were doing okay while we were waiting for our food to come out. 
The atmosphere itself was very nice. I liked the interior design, and the place itself was much cleaner and more modern than other places that I've been too in Chinatown. 
The food was great! I don't eat Korean BBQ often, as my body doesn't go well with spicy food, but the food here was a great balance of spice and flavor! When I ordered my food, the waitress asked out I liked spicy food and I told her I sometimes have trouble with it. She told me she knew how spicey to make it for me, and she was spot on! 
I don't remember the exact name of what I got, but it was a Lunch box special. It came with BBQ pork, noodles, a salad, and white rice. Everything was delicious! 
My meal was around $9, which wasn't bad at all in my opinion. 
If I ever crave Korean BBQ again, I know where I am going now!Servers are friendly. But not much spent on decor as it is still the same as the previous restaurant. Food is okay at best. Soon dubu came out NOT boiling hot so the egg couldn't  cook. The seafood in the soon dubu was frozen. Ordered a mid spicy + nengmyun; was not spicy but sweet. Nengmyun was also way too greasy.  Also had no ice to keep it cold and way too greasy. The buckwheat noodles were soft and had no texture to it. Only plus is that it is BYOB. By far one of the worse Korean restaurant I been to; there are other in Philly that are betterGreat spicy pork. Rice cake wasn't that great. Seafood pancake was delicious. Service was good.I am a huge fan of the Cherry Hill location and am so happy that there is now a Philly branch-- Chinatown needed this place!
The food is awesome (best chicken wings ever and the seafood soup is amazing), and the service is so good that you can't help but be in a great mood when you come here.  There are also plans of opening a karaoke bar upstairs.. can't wait!One of my favorite places to eat in Chinatown. Their bibimbap is amazing, and I love the little assorted appetizers that come before every meal. Good place to chill, eat a well portioned meal, and discover some cool K-dramas.Very good food in a utilitarian, slightly chaotic space.
We are vegetarians, so we got the tofus steak and the kimchi pancake to start, and the dolsot bibimbap and the mushroom dolsot. The side dishes had the usual spicy cabbage but also some unexpected ones, like black beans and macaroni salad. The tofu steak had a very crispy fired skin and came with a light dipping sauce. The kimchi pancake was huge and filling. We both enjoyed the dolsot bibimbap, but the mushroom dolsot with enoki was outstanding. 
The space is bare-bones. It's sparsely decorated, too brightly lit - they had every lamp on - and has a TV over the counter, but no background music, which would have helped. The "bar" is a folding table. There is no drinks menu, but they have a few beers (Kirin, Sapporo, some light US thing) and bar liquor cocktails. The service was prompt and friendly. 
We'd go again.Coming from Los Angeles, i'm a little spoiled when it comes to korean food. However, this place was pleasantly surprising. Our table got the bulgogi box, the katsu, and the chicken bibimbap. The bulgogi was not overly-salted like I assumed it would be and the bibimbap was actually very flavorful and good. The katsu could have been better - especially the sauce. 
Con: I thought it was a little weird/gross that all the side dishes (bbanchan) were just chilling outside on a table.Went there with my friends we ordered the LA Kalbi to share they were out of lettuce wraps but we didn't mind. Also it would have been nice if there were more sides and the meat had less fat. Overall the service was great.Sorry but Philly has some sorry ass Korean food, been to all the so called good ones and left with disappointment. 
The worst place in ny is still better than the ones in Philly. 
Come on Philly get it together. 
Must be like the bagels and pizza from NYC, it's all about the water.Great food but expensive. I highly recommend the bbq spare ribs.Without wanting to drive well out of the city, Sammy's proved to be the nearby Chinatown option to cure our afternoon Korean craving. 
We were one of very few occupied tables, but that didn't bother us -- the ambiance however was lacking (but no surprise there). 
We started with the complimentary banchan and I found the kimchi fresh and fermented, just the way I like it :) The pot of barley tea warmed us up on the cold and rainy afternoon, but it didn't help that heating/insulation seemed to be non-existent. 
The food is what really impressed though, my dish in particular. I'm a fan of dolost bibimbap and galbi, but I'm always torn on what to order. Here, there was no need to choose; my galbi came served atop my piping hot bowl of bibimbap! It was magnificent. Similarly, my date's bean paste soup was a winner. 
Come for the galbi bibimbap!