This is one of my favorite places to go for drinks and dinner in the city. Margaritas are a must here and they've always got new flavors. Fish tacos, mole meatball steamed buns, and scrapple guac are my favorite!Stop searching, you have found your new favorite place. Moderately priced, delicious food, great portions- even better drinks- don't walk, run to Sancho Pistolas. I felt the food was more surf inspired mex- but I'm not complaining...in fact what I am doing is drooling thinking about my dinner from last night. Get there quick while you can still enjoy the outdoor seating but if not- not worries the inside is cozy with the bar as the focal point. Seriously considered not writing a review to keep this my own little place, but realized I only found it because of Yelp... Pro tip- the entrance is on the side not off the main drag :-) and when you're done head to garage if you're 25-30 or Johnny Brenda's if you wish you were. Buen provencho!Came here with my fiancé and his college buddy.  None of us were familiar with the area and this place had a lot of people but wasn't completely packed.  We got a table in one of the corners.  They have a large beer list and the service was pretty good.Went last minute on a Friday night to meet friends. A nice laid back local spot to drink on a Friday night. They have interesting specialty cocktails. Although I can't drink one of these to myself I did try a sip and enjoyed the unique spiciness. I'm not a fan of mexican food so I've never eaten here but I have heard good things from friends.Came here before a show nearby at Punchline Philly. 
They have some fantastic beers on tap and a handful of outstanding cocktails. Now, I'm not usually a cocktail guy but I trusted Bartender Billy, so I ordered the BurroGordo (fat donkey for you gringos). It was really good and refreshing. 
I ordered the steamed bun with pork and it rivals the chicken biscuit at Percy St, for the best food I've ever eaten at a bar. 
I had to have a taco as well, so I went with the Korean rib one. Damn it was good. I'm pretty sure I was given extra napkins to catch my tears, because I guarantee you no food particles were wasted. 
Overall a great place that rivals any of the amazing food spots in the area. NoLibs/Fishtown has my heart and (most importantly, my stomach.KOREAN RIB TACOS HERE ARE BOMB. gotta get them. rosemary blood orange margarita... so refreshing almost like drinking orange juice but BETTER. i'll definitely be back here to get some more tacos but reasonably priced and customer service was great. mind you though... there were only like 5 other patrons besides me so hopefully it's the same with more people in the restaurant.Jose's sister place in north philly. Very different vibe then center city but still cool. The bar here takes over the whole space, grab a seat at it and order up some of the best tacos in town.Decided to get dinner here Saturday night. At first we were a bit worried cause we walked in around 8:30 and it seemed really crowded, but we waited around and were able to steal some seats at the bar pretty quickly. 
Glad we sat at the bar because Billy, our bartender, was everything you could want in a bartender/server. He was friendly, offered us a taste of some special spicy tequila, and his recommendations for food were completely on par. Also, his margaritas were awesome. I always know I am gonna like a place where they squeeze fresh lime for the marg right in front of you.
Per Billy's recommendation, we ordered the Oyster Po' Boy tacos and the Carnita Steamed Buns. Both were amazing. I didn't know exactly what a steamed bun was and now I know it is a tasty treat. I don't usually like oysters and the fried oysters in the tacos were really good.  Since the food was so good we also ordered the spicy tuna guacamole. The bf loved it, the tuna was a little too spicy for me but still tasty. All of the food came out really fast even though it was relatively crowded. It was a little pricey, but worth it.
I also enjoyed the atmosphere here. They were playing really fun music and there are multiple TVs, which is a bit rare for the neighborhood. We definitely decided that Sancho Pistola's is going to be a new go-to spot for us.Very disappointing food- full of oil, low on flavor, small on quantity. There were nice bartenders! But overall this was a miserable value and we regretted the choice made on a whim. Typical bar atmosphere, so it isn't held against them that there was no room for moving our elbows to eat and people reached past our faces as we tried to enjoy the meal- mostly, two stars just reflects the quality of their "tacos". Other plates looked better, perhaps.This place is straight up awesome!!! Probably my favorite place to go in Fishtown. It's a great chill spot to hang out & a great spot to go to and watch a big game. The good is great, my personal favs being the nacho's, the tortilla soup, and the pork belly taco's. When they have specialty Margarita's flowing, the spicy mango margarita is to die for. All the bartender's and workers are suuuuper friendly and accommodating. One small caveat is the parking, it's obsolete on a busy night or weekend. If you can take the El in, I would recommend doing so, because the lots that are around this place are very quick to tow.Delicious food came here before a concert at the Fillmore, had the spicy tuna guacamole it was delicious! Margaritas and tap beer selection was great, will definitely be back next time I'm in the area!Been here twice so far and both times were very enjoyable. Wings are really good, and pretty standard burger too. There drink menu is awesome! The smoked piña is an amazing drink! Way different then anything I've ever tried. Happy hour is pretty sweet too, $15 margarita pitchers. Score!This review comes solely based on their brunch.  However, I'm sure I'll have more to add in due time in regards to the dinner and nightlife atmosphere. 
Sancho's is smaller in size than I expected but I enjoyed that in order to create a more intimate environment.  I also enjoyed the view of vibrancy out the windows on Girard and watching the trolley pass by every so often... 
Now for their brunch special... You can order whatever you like, obviously, but they offer a $30 special which includes an appetizer, main dish, and side dish. Oh, and don't forget this; unlimited drinks. Those drinks include a Bloody Mary, margarita, or mimosa. I had a bowl of fruit, the huevos rancheros, and a side of beans and rice- all great. Service was exceptional and friendly.  It's very reasonable to assume you will consume at least double the dollar amount of the special. Great addition to the neighborhood.Decent draft & bottle list and interesting drink selection.
We came by on a Saturday afternoon. Not a super busy time and they seemed over-staffed for the number of customers, which made it surprising when it was hard to get the bartender's attention to take our order.
They forgot to put in part of our order and getting their attention a second time was even harder! When the strawberry guacamole finally did arrive I wasn't impressed. Food was decent (but really not that exciting) and over-priced for what it was.The guacamole, which comes in a number of varieties, was really good. We ordered the pistachio which had great flavor. The salmon tacos were very good although I didn't really get the salmon flavor. The beer selection was good although I didn't get my first two selections which were tapped out. Despite these flaws the service was really good. The guacamole and the server pushed my review to 4 stars, but it was closer to 3 1/2.I give it three stars because it's exactly that: A-OK.  If you are looking for a trendy popular joint to stop into, this is it but thats about it in my opinion.  My boyfriend and I went here for brunch on a slow saturday morning and it was less than impressive.  The inside shocked me due to its starkness- nothing to look at to keep you entertained, definitely minimalist which is unusual for a mexican restaurant.  I lived in Mexico for a semester and Mexicans arent usually one for minimalist design.  We decided to sit outside on Girard which was a huge mistake.  The next table over had their dog which is great and we LOVE dogs but the dog hair ended up in pretty much EVERYTHING i ordered- which honestly isnt even THAT big of a deal because we have animals and know the routine.  What bothered me more was the dust and dirt coming from the construction across the street and the loudness coming from Girard Ave traffic (honestly, not the best place to have outdoor seating, I dont even know how they swung that permit).  
I ordered the eggs benedict (how could you go wrong, right?) and my boyfriend ordered the pastrami and egg sandwich (how is that even hispanic?).  I ordered a mimosa which was 'meh'.  The eggs benedict were DRENCHED in this mayo-like sauce where you could barely make out what was underneath them.  They came atop an arepa type patty that had ground beef and black beans- thats fine, i understand that's hispanic right there but it did not taste well together.  What it did to my stomach later is a COMPLETELY different story.
My boyfriend is a guy who enjoys anything you put in front of him and he didnt even end up finishing his sandwich.  There was nothing particularly wrong with our meals but at the same time- nothing to write home about.  The waitress was ok but we did have to wait a bit for our check which I dont like too much especially since we were being covered in dirt and dust and dog hair.  
All in all- in my opinion I think this establishment is HIGHLY overrated but I need to maybe go back for their dinner (like tacos, etc) but it doesnt seem like a legitimate hispanic restaurant in my eyes.  They could have done better all around.Ugh, I just love this place. Tortilla soup. Amazing. Always an awesome beer list. Ask the bartenders to shoot you a riddle - they always have a good one waiting.Pork belly tacos were delish. Absolutely some of the best tacos ever. Guac was also good. The service is top-notch. We had to sit at the bar because it was PACKED and the bartender was so attentive and made me EXACTLY the drink I wanted. It is a little bit pricey on the drinks but for a nice impromptu night out wasn't bad.Yes. 
Went here after a torturous journey home from New York, was looking for a nice place to blow off some steam and have always wanted to check out SP. They surely delivered! As soon as I walked in, I was greeted with a menu and glass of water. I liked the no-bullshit attitude of the bartenders. What I mean by that is, they got straight to the point and I didn't have to stare at them wistfully, waiting to catch a glance so I could order. I got the pork bun sandwiches with guac, they were really good and LOADED. Great beer selection too, and reasonable prices. It seems like the staff likes working here which is something I look for, I think a healthy working environment really effects the quality of an establishment. Anyway, will go back here and try more food!!I want to like this place more than I do. The atmosphere is really cozy and nice, and the staff are all superb and kind and attentive.
Unfortunately I found most of the food mediocre and overpriced.
For my visit I had:
The Chicken Tinga Taco - the flavor of these was a bit underwhelming, and the corn tortillas fell apart completely. Also very very small serving for $9.00
The friend plantains - the chipotle honey on these was OVERPOWERINGLY strong. Next time I will ask for only the crema fresca, because the dish itself was prepared expertly.
The churros - A bit overfried, but they tasted great; a few dollars overpriced though at $7.
My friend had "Lidia's Black Bean Soup" and found it to be light on dumplings for an $8 dish. $3 for corn on the cob is also a bit over the top.
All in all I'm not going to go out of my way to come back here, but I would give it another chance if in the area.I could eat here every day for the rest of my life and never get tired of it. Spicy Mango...omg. I never drink margaritas because they're usually too sweet and artificially flavored, and it's rare to find a good spicy margarita that doesn't taste last night's salsa that didn't sit well and made a reappearance (TMI?). But the spicy mango is so perfect...lightly sweetened, spiced rimmed glass...perfect amount of spice. So refreshing! The Carnitas steamed buns are to die for, melt in your mouth. And can never go wrong with chips and guac. The oysters are also delish and I'm already looking forward to continuing my Woman vs Food to see how many tacos I can eat at once. And a plus, servers and bartenders are friendly. Big fan!Very surprised that I had the best fish tacos of my life in Philly.  Great selection of beers, great employees and an amazing tuna-guac.
I went at lunch time and it was pretty empty, but I heard this place is packed come dinner and the weekends. 
Seriously thinking about making the 100 mile trek to eat here one of these weekends.Love this place! Craving Margaritas, spicy tuna guacamole, chips/salsa, variety of tacos and one of the most amazing burger then come here! It's in such a great location, near the Girard station and all the restaurants/bar in happening corner of Frankford/Girard. The food is absolutely delicious and my two all time favorite item is the spicy tuna guacamole and the burger.The nachos here tie El Vez for best nachos in the city. But for me they come out on top because I don't have to book weeks in advance. Staff is great, lots of choices for food. Also the pistachio guac is next level, get it.Amazing brussel sprout tacos. Decent and spicy tortilla soup. Can't wait to go back.The absolute worst service I have ever had
Ordered an appetizer and got before the drinks even came out then the drinks weren't even correct in fact nothing was correct. When the food started coming out we only got one entree and the other never came. Waitress was unapologetic and screamed fuck when she realized she messed up again
Would recommend never coming here, who ever owns this place should be embarrassedWorst tacos ive ever had. Service was terrible. The servers never even came over to offer us a second drink. What a waste of money. Hire some bartenders who actually pay attention to thier barEvery time I eat here I leave wondering when the heck this place is going to get it together. The service isn't just poor, it's consistently inept. The waiters/bartenders seem genuinely taken aback when I've asked for things they should have offered to begin with (think hot sauce. Think refill. Think utensils.) I was once left stranded outside by waitstaff for so long that members of my party began crafting a scathing yelp review right then and there. I decided to actually post a review after a recent visit when I was one of six other people at the bar and still had to make an effort to get one of the two bartenders to refill my drink. 
Food is decent and prices are OK, but I'd go a lot more often if the service was better, the music wasn't so loudly intrusive and the TVs weren't so in your face.Again another place that is close to where I live and it has taken me forever just to come in here for a drink. Finally I convinced myself the other night that I needed to stop in at least for some drinks and apps. So came in ordered the spicy tuna guacamole, the ceviche mixto, the wings, the fries, and the corn. Pretty much everything rocked, like hard. The spicy tuna guacamole is absolutely my favorite, just awesome, and their tortilla chips are legit. Next time I am definitely getting the fish tacos among other things because I saw the guy next to me eating them and they looked amazing. Love this place, hope they keep putting out awesome food.delicious tacos and cocktails. Some of the best guacamole i've had.This review is for brunch only.
The allure of a $30 brunch special which includes an app, an entree, a side and bottomless bloodies, margaritas, or mimosas certainly sounds like a winner.  It definitely caught our eye and got us in the door.  In the end, we didn't opt for the pre-fixe and went a la carte which meant we had to guess at the pricing of the meal items because they are not listed on the menu.  Make sure you specify you are NOT getting the pre-fixe or it might be assumed (as happened to our friends dining with us).
I opted for the Eggs Benedicto while my husband got the steak and eggs.  I did also get a bloody Mary which was pretty tasty even if they called it a "boring Mary" because I got it with vodka instead of mezcal.  They have an additional flavor (I'm thinking steak sauce instead of the just plain Worcestershire) that really gave it a unique taste.
While I did enjoy the latin take on Eggs Benedict (chorizo, black beans and chipotle hollandaise as opposed to the traditional), for the most part my food was just bland, despite all those powerful flavors.  More seasoning might have helped.  My husband loved the potatoes that accompanied his meal but did not enjoy his steak.
This was really just ok. Perhaps we will try for dinner at some point but I think brunch is not their strong suit.My daughter and I went to Sancho for lunch,  it was around 1:20 when we arrived,  not many patrons,  we figured it would be ez in ez out, the server came out, napkins and utensils in glasses, set the glasses on the table, never set the table.
But,  its ok, no big deal, I'm very easygoing. I ordered some tacos my daughter ordered a hamburger well done.  My food came out timely,  but my daughter's hamburger took an extra 45 min to come out. The server passed us at least three times and apologized,  claiming the delay was due to the fact that my daughter wanted her burger well done. Long story short,  food was by the time my daughter's hamburger came.  To top it off the tacos werent even good, they were barely edible.
Terrible service overpriced burger and the tacos were not good eating.
Terribly disappointed,  never again.
Top that with the nonchalant attitude of the servers,  I can spend my money in so many better places, never again for me.I seated myself at the bar sometime after 5pm.   Just a few other patrons in the place, and certainly not busy.   It took at least 5 mins for the bartender to notice me and give me a glass of water.  Sadly, it took even longer to complete my order.  
I had "The Cartel" drink that was on the board.   It was not what I expected, but certainly wasn't bad and decently strong.   The pork belly tacos were delicious but there was a bit more grease dripping off of them than I would have wanted.  The spicy tuna guac was really good, no complaints there.  
I'll be back for sure but my experience was not the best.This is a must have every time I go to Philly. Food is fresh and bright...awesome menu! And besides everything GREAT SERVICE which is so hard to find...their CEVICHE mixto is one of the best I have ever tried, delicious fish combination (salmon, tuna, tilapia) it's juicy and buttery and sweet and sour...everything you want to taste in a ceviche UMAME!I enjoy coming to this place! I usually have the freedom tacos and the Griego! They r both really tasty and good. It's a really small place but it's always lots of fun and good vibes. Def recommend for some good food and drinks!I can cook a lot of veg/vegan food but I can't come close to duplicating the soyrizo kimchi tacos I had here. Granted the margarita was only ok but their beer list is pretty damn nice. If you live in NoLibs (or even if you don't) this is a shining beacon for veg/vegans.As a huge fan of Jose's, I was very excited about a second location in Fishtown. I was surprised about the small space, but haven't had a problem getting a table yet the few times I've been here. Not surprisingly, the food is just as good, if not better than Jose's. But the brunch is what really makes the trip worthwhile, and it seems to fly completely under the radar. For $30 you get an app, entree, side, and ALL YOU CAN DRINK margs, mimosas, & bloody mary's for 2 hours. I've always loved their witty/sarcastic humor, and the menu adds a disclaimer for the drinking time limit- "If you need to drink more than that, you have problems". Both the food and drinks were fantastic. When we were there last there were only a few tables occupied, so it was pretty relaxed and we never felt rushed to get up, unlike a lot of other brunch spots. Definitely recommend it!The food and atmosphere was absolutely amazing! We had the lobster tacos, sautéed spinach and the fried plantains. Everything was seasoned wonderfully. We also had the mango and guava margaritas that were complimentary to the already wonderful experience. Absolutely love this restaurant.This place is perfect for a night out with friends or a date. Amazing food: upscale, highest quality ingredients with some unusual and delicious twists. I had the lamb taco, for example, and can't wait to have it again. Next time, I would make sure to order side dishes because I didn't realize that the tacos don't come with any rice or beans. The nachos and margaritas were top-notch as well. The prices are not cheap,but not super-expensive, and the food is sure worth it.I visited with two friends recently and sat outside among a few other diners/drinkers. The inside of the sports bar looking restaurant was occupied but not full in the least - it was just a nice night outside. 
The taste of the food was okay but nothing spectacular and I've had tacos all over from PA to LA. That said, they give you just 2 tacos instead of the typical 3 taco plate and they are a bit overpriced at about $12. Really, $12 for 2 tacos? Anyway, despite the price I wouldn't return because the service was absolutely terrible. I'm really not picky when it comes to service but when I'm flat out ignored as a paying customer I feel like it needs to be said. 
There were 4 tables outside being attended to by one female server who strangely ignored our table the entire time. Our male server who was the only one attending to us or anyone outside was nowhere to be found throughout the duration of our stay at the establishment...except to deliver our first round of drinks and meal after we ordered. He did not circle back around to see if things were okay or if we wanted additional drinks. When an additional friend arrived to our party get a drink she waited a while for the server to be polite and finally in frustration went inside to the bar to get it herself and bring it outside to our table. 
We even were talking about these factors audibly within earshot of the female server while she was attending to a table next door to us and she did nothing. We had to eventually physically go inside and ask for our bill so that we could leave. Had they been more attentive we totally would have gotten a few rounds of drinks. Their loss. When there are so many other great places in the city of Philadelphia to get Mexican food I wouldn't waste your time here. You'll get more tacos for your buck and not walk away feeling hungry, sober, and ignored.I've heard good things about brunch here, but ended up stopping by for an early, quick dinner on a Saturday.  Unfortunately, it was during Oktoberfest on Frankford Ave, so the streets were a little noisy and hectic while we dined outside.  Surprisingly, there were plenty of seats available during the dinner rush.
Apparently, based on the other reviews, I made a huge mistake by not ordering their guacamole appetizer - damn!  I was really here for a quick in-and-out bite so maybe next time I'll explore the menu a little more.
I'll give them the benefit of the doubt with a 4 star rating.  The chicken fajitas special of the day was VERY tasty.  The chicken was seasoned well, juicy, grilled to perfection and topped with melty cheese and placed over a bed of perfectly grilled/charred bell peppers and onions and served with homemade salsa, guacamole, sour cream, shredded cheese and fresh, warm, grilled flour tortillas on the side.  No leftovers, but no uncomfortable full feeling either - just the right portion.  As spot-on as it comes.
The pitcher of classic margarita was a-okay (i.e. tasted so good it masked the taste of the alcohol and I got buzzed pretty fast).  I would like to try the interesting flavors they have next time.
Sounds great, right?  Well, the problem here is the prices.  $5 upcharge for meat on the nachos?  Extra $$$ for flavors in the margarita?  $17 for the special tacos of the day?  I would have liked to try the tacos on the regular menu but all were pretty much in the $15 range and I know I could get authentic, filling and cheap ones at corner taquerias.  
I'm usually not spend-thrifty when it comes to dining out, but a quick glance at their menu just seemed like we were being a little bit ripped off.  So, we ordered the chicken fajita special for $15 because it sounded like the most bang for your buck (which it was).  PRO TIP: the margarita pitcher is way more cost-effective than individual glasses.
Either way, those fajitas were just too damn tasty to give it a 3 and I will definitely return here if I'm in the area to try that allegedly amazing guacamole.A+ service and the food was delicious! We are from NY and I heard about this Resturant from Aaron Sanchez on Food Network and I knew I had to try it! I liked the Spicy Pork tacos better then the Korean rib taco (pic) and traditional Guacamole was amazing! You have to check it out! My daughter loves the carnitas buns and my husband loves his NJ Huevos!We tried several different tacos as well as the pistachio guacamole and oysters. The food was all great and so was the atmosphere. Good service as well! Definitely recommendI had heard great things about this place and I have to say it did not live up to the hype. First off, we were seated right by the door and since it was about 20 degrees outside and everyone waits right at the door because the place is so tiny, I was freezing. The tortilla chips & guac were definitely the best part of our meal. The guac was really good and the tortilla chips were house made and delicious. However, that's all I would return for. I got the chicken tacos and they really just did not have a nice flavor to them. I ate about half of one (they only give you two - so for the price it really wasn't worth it). Bf got the steak nachos and thought the steak tasted waaaaay too charred. So, overall, I'd come back for the chips & guac to watch a game and have a beer, but that's pretty much it.Love their tacos and their margaritas especially at happy hour. If your looking for classic tacos though this is not the place. The tacos are outstanding and everytime I go I struggle with picking which ones go get.Trendy is as trendy does. Completely enjoyed our food (guacamole and chips- Mexican crispy style, tacos and enchiladas) and on that alone I would give it a solid 4 stars. However, a few things brought this rating down for me.
1. Pricey. I know, it's the town of fish but 85 bucks for 3 drinks and 3 plates? 
2. The margarita was super clutch, the other drinks not so much. One tasted like straight up gasoline. 
Bottom line for me, 5 years ago this would have been a nice spot to pregame and eat before hitting up the town. Now, the appeal just isn't there.Blown away by this place!  The carnitas steam buns is amongst the best food I've ever eaten! I had the pickled watermelon and blood orange margaritas. Both were fantastic and a real bargain at $7 apiece.
We also had the falafel tacos and the spicy pork tacos. Yummy.
The ceviche was really good too. The service was top-notch, the atmosphere has an endearing quirkiness about it. I highly and strongly recommend this place for Mexican.The food was awesome! Service was pretty good, until the room became packed. The noise level went up tremendously! So loud.
Go early. Enjoy the great food!
Ate: 1) pistachio guacamole, 2) Korean tacos, 3) flan/churros 
1) The dip itself was amazing with the homemade tortilla chips. There were whole pistachios for texture rather stale. It took away from the dish.
2) Two tacos just by themselves. It wasn't too sweet from the pineapple and wasn't too spicy. Good combination, just be careful the juice and oil will be coming out when you bite.
3) Just skip the churros and go for the flan: 
Let me start off by saying, I don't like flan. However, this flan was amazing. It wasn't overly sweet as flan can be. The texture was on point (smooth & creamy) with a nice caramel on top. As for the churros, I wasn't a fan. It was really hard with an oily taste. Cinnamon sugar on top was fine. The chocolate dipping sauce had an unburnt off alcohol taste for me.Nice space and beer selection. Crappy happy hour comparing to most places in the area. Asked for Sangria and got so much ice was probably only 3oz of liquid in the glass.Fav place to eat in Philly. They don't take reservations but I've come in with groups of 8-10 and they'll still seat you p fast. There's a bar so you can always hang there and grab drinks as you wait. They have a vegan option (soy chorizo) and it's bomb. Spicy mango marg is 10/10. Love it.I've been dreaming of eating the spicy tuna guacamole again...it was just incredible. Perfectly cut into small cubes.. it was heaven in an oval shaped dish. 
I was excited about the menu..(such as the Korean tacos, Carnitas steamed buns, fried plaintains..) The second dish I tried was the Brussels sprout leaf tacos. The leaves were crisp, and there was a big heaping pile of them. I love how creative this restaurant got with this dish, simple ingredients, but executed so well.Great after show tacos and guac!!! Service was top notch the spicy tuna guacamole was otherworldly sweet duck tacos crazy good- they have a full bar!! Tacos were the best I've had - drink and sample!!!!!!!I've only eaten here once, but the service was fantastic and the happy hour pricing was perfect.
Their tortilla chips are super crispy and fresh and their house hot sauce is flavorful. Will be back.Great new spot. It's small, but they make great use of the space. When you are at the bar you do not feel like you are involved in the conversations at the tables. When you are at a table you aren't rubbing elbows with your neighbor tables and don't feel like you are sitting at the bar. The steak nachos are actually steak. Great beer selection, daily specials, and service. My new favorite spot.I really like this spot a lot. Came here twice on dates. Once on a Friday night in the winter and another time on a Tuesday night in the summer so we opted for outdoor seating. I remember it being crowded and pretty loud on the Friday night, weeknights are more chill. Service is good but both times they took forever to bring the bill at the end.
Most importantly though, the menu here is incredible. So many choices, not enough room in my stomach. The margaritas are on point too. Spicy mango for the win. My friend got a pickled watermelon margarita.. not sure what that is but creative. I got some calamari/chorizo tacos this past time and it was out of this world. Don't come here for traditional Mexican dishes.. come here to get something with a twist. Will definitely be coming back more and trying more menu items.Went in expecting traditional Mexican fare and was pleasantly surprised by the variety of the tacos. My boyfriend and I split some pretty standard nachos that were large and flavorful, then I did an order of the El Griego tacos (braised lamb shoulder, cucumber yogurt, cilantro, pickled red onion) and he did the Korean Rib tacos (Asian pear pico de gallo, avocado, cilantro). The tacos are two to an order and pretty small, but packed with flavor. The lamb was really tender, and I loved the Mediterranean spin. 
Cons: my margarita was pretty bad--super sweet, clearly made with pre-made mix, and seriously lacking on the tequila. I likely wouldn't order again, even when discounted for HH. They also don't do complimentary chips & salsa.
Overall, I'll definitely look to return here during happy hour to sample more of the tacos in a more cost-effective way.We went to Sancho's because the place we wanted to go had a 20 minute wait, and we were going to a concert at the Fillmore and were time conscious.  We asked somebody for a recommendation for a place to eat, and he suggested Sancho Pistola's.  What a fantastic recommendation!  First, you have to understand that my husband is from Texas, and he said this was the best Mexican food he's ever had outside of TX.  Second, the prices were very reasonable: 2 draft beers (we both had an awesome Nitro), an appetizer, and 2 entrees for under $50 (that included tax but not tip).  We shared the appetizer of pico de gallo.  It had just the right amount of spiciness, and it was a generous serving.  My husband had chicken enchiladas (3 on the plate), and, to repeat myself, he said they were the best enchiladas outside of Texas.  I had the mahi mahi tacos (2), which were good but not great.  The fish was cooked perfectly, but the red slaw that was described as pickled either wasn't pickled or there wasn't enough of it.  Neither entree comes with sides, but they were not needed.  
The service started a bit slow, but it picked up.  In addition, the staff shared responsibilities, meaning if anybody saw an empty water glass or an empty plate, he/she took care of it.  Will we return? You bet!
The only negative is that  place is very loud. There were lots of TVs (without sound) around the place, and since it was a Saturday college football was abundant.  Trying to have a normal conversation was next to impossible.  Also, the tables are very close to one another, so the tables next to use kept bumping our chairs.  The food was great enough for us to overlook the noise and the space issues, so when we return to our next concert at the Fillmore we will definitely dine at Sancho's.I've been wanting to try to boozy brunch that Sancho offers but I've been overwhelmed with commitments (showers, weddings, graduations, etc.) and haven't been able to make it there yet.  After one such event on a Sunday I was planning to hang with the boo and grab something to eat.  We took a walk, heading nowhere in particular, and ended up here.  Our love for Mexican was our guide.  It was like a magnetic force that just brought us to Pistola's.  Anyway, we got the chips and salsa and the chips were hearty and fried and filling and delicious.  And then we each ordered a taco entrée.  We did the swapski and I swapped one of my tacos for one of his.  We love this.  So we did the Korean Rib and the Scallop.  OMG the scallop taco was to die for.  But here's the thing, each order came with two tacos and they weren't cheap, the breakdown was something like $7 a taco ($14 for the two - don't quote me on that but somewhere in the ballpark) and really it came with nothing but two tacos.  The quality of the food and the flavors really managed to satisfy us (and that's not easy, we are taco snobs) so I guess you really are being charged for quality and not quantity, I'm ok with this.  
Margaritas.  Love them!  Tried the spicy mango and loved it so much I recreated it the following weekend.  It has a kick and some sweet and it was like $6.  It was a win in my book!
Overall rating:  Food was fabulous (a little pricey) Margs were delicious (averagely priced) atmosphere was relaxed (Phillies game was on) and we left satisfied.  Our bill was something like $75 with tip.  
Oh and our server was awesome -- honest, helpful, attentive, knowledgeable suggestive.  Loved him.I had been eagerly awaiting to try Sancho Pistola's every since it opened. The reviews from friends and media all seemed rather promising. Yet upon leaving last night with my girlfriend and a few friends after my first meal there, I was disappointed. 
It's not that the food or service was bad. In fact, every dish that I tried had good flavor to it and our waitress was nice and polite. The pricing for everything was just a bit high for the food and experience. While I did enjoy the food, I would equate it to Cantina or Loco Pez and would expect the prices to be similar. They also have a great selection of beers, both bottled and on tap, and the cocktails showcased mezcal in a number of different ways. 
I'm not going to completely write off Sancho Pistola's at this point, but it's not going to be my first choice when it comes to Mexican food in Northern Liberties/Fishtown. 
Sorry Sancho's, I really want to like you but things just didn't seem right.I have traveled all over the world and have tasted many different types of tacos, from roadside carts in Tijuana, beach vendors in Juatulco and true San Diego style fish tacos in Mission Beach. I've got to say that Sancho Pistolas really have tacos nailed down. They aren't cheap but tacos are like anything else, you get what you pay for. With a great beer selection and super friendly staff, I think SP is a great addition to Fishtown. I was sceptic all at first especially with the proliferation of Mexican spots in the area, but now I am a regular here. Great job guys!I have not tried the food at Sancho's; however, the drinks are strong and pretty decent! Our waiter was really knowledgeable of the different tequilas and mezcals..had a really good time just hanging out and trying out the different shots of alcohol..can't say i remember much about the details after all those shots.What a great place with great boozy brunch and awesome service. 
I got their brunch special - $30 for appt/entree/side with 2 hours of unlimited mimosa/margarita/bloody Mary. their bloody mary mix is delicious and their margarita's are good too. Now, the food - I ordered the tortilla soup which was done very well, huevos rancheros with vegan sausage, which was really good, and the fried plantain. I could not stop eating these plantains.. 
My husband ordered from their regular menu - the fish taco which were really really tasty and their beer draft was great too.
I like it a lot there. I will visit again soon.Great food. Great drinks. Good times all the way around. The lobster tacos are my absolute favorite. Gavin makes me awesome concoctions every time I come in!5 Stars for the food.  Period.  The three stars comes from the poor service that we received both times we were here from the same server.  Server was inattentive, slow, and the first time we were there we waited an hour for the food and she forgot one of our items - then lied about how long it took to "prepare the food". Unfortunately upon our return we had the same server and the same type of service. We were shocked that such a great place with amazing food allows for such bad customer service.  This will weigh into our decision to eat here again.Wow to the spicy pork nachos!!!! I would have just ordered that for my meal and skipped the steak tacos. This place is really cute and small. It has outdoor seating, but on a main road. Inside the seating is very close together and it can get pretty loud. I recommend the place maybe for a lunch and definitely try those SPICY PORK NACHOS!!!!!!Previously gave this place 1 star before because the service was so bad but I gave it another try and been back plenty of times since then. Great spot and have only had great service since.Wow is all I can say! Super impressed with how good the food was here. This area has some good Mexican restaurants but Sancho Pistolas is not the typical Mexican. 
I happened to attend during an Eagles game and also happy hour(double whammy). One of the few places that honor happy hour on the weekends(except sat).
First i had the steamed buns on special. Got to try 3 of the 4(spicy pork, carnitas and cheeseburger) and they were all excellent. 
Ordered the nachos for half off happy hour. Very fresh and tasty. For my entree, I had ordered the pork belly tacos and wow was i impressed!! The flavor was amazing!! Also during football season they offer buffalo chicken tacos at 3.00 ea. I had one and it was delicious!
Couldn't be happier, especially living within a few blocks away, I can see myself coming here almost once a week. Also the wait staff(Gerald) was very attentive, pleasant, and all around a great guy!Mahi mahi and pork tacos were great. Margarita a little on the sour side for my taste (probably because it's fresh lime juice!). Great beer selection though.Awesome customer service, great location, amazing food/ drinks!!! Will def be going back again. 
We ordered the cecina tacos, and 2 orders of the pork belly tacos, with plantains on the side & can't forget the margaritas ( spicy mango, classic, & pomegranate). 
We sat at the bar and the bartenders were great and constantly checked to see if we needed anything. This place gets 5 stars for the food( that was well prepared), the drinks ( that were AMAZING), the customer service (which was an A+), and the ambience ( which was a cool, chill place, with decent people just looking to have a great time)First time here and we usually go to loco pez.  Server was a super nice guy, very helpful.  The ceviche and the tacos were great and so was the desert, got some freakin churros.  Cool little spot.  MY only complaint is..........the Frida.  Its a 9 dollar martini that tastes like a band aid.  Save the 9 bucks and get some tacos, they still rock.Huge portions! Good pricing and super flavorful Mexican food. I got 3 meals out of my Egg & chorizo Torta. The side salad was awesome too! We happened upon this place by accident when the spot we wanted to go to was closed, but we were glad we stumbled into this joint and I'll be back.So, if the primary item on your menu is going to be a taco, then you need to make an awesome tortilla and Sancho Pistola's just didn't deliver. There were 5 of us and not one taco lasted till the end. I took one bite and the whole thing fell apart it was that thin. I had to eat 90% of my taco with a fork and knife...booooo. 
In better news, I really loved their sancho pistola's margarita. Sweet but not too sweet. No sour mix= two thumbs up for me. The service was also pretty good and the atmosphere was hopping and fun. 
Would I come back? May be but there are so many other awesome taco places in the nolibs/fishtown area that's it's unlikely. I would come back for a margarita, though!Best tacos ever! I'd recommend Sancho's to anyone looking for great food and service, not to mention the excellent tunes.My favorite mexican spot in the city.  Try the Oyster Po Boy tacos.... Staff is always very nice. Even told us when they thought we may have ordered to much food for two people. Highly Suggest it!!After attempting and failing to get one-two of the forty dough balls at Pizzeria Beddia, my boyfriend and I stumbled into here. Now I was both hungry and kind of pissed we came from the heart of Center City and got no pizza. So maybe my appetite was oversized. And just maybe I was a little aggravated when I walked in. 
We got seated quickly by a hostess who had no clue what she was doing. Even after telling her there was two of us, she tried to seat us with a couple who walked in after us. The music is really loud for a restaurant and on top of the music is all the people screaming to successfully have a conversation. I did appreciate the various types of tacos that they serve and that they weren't just Mexican themed. Me being hungry, I ordered both the spicy pork and the pork belly bahn mi. 
The spicy pork taco was super flavorful, but the taco shell disintegrated as soon as I went to pick it up. There was so much liquid coming off of it that the taco shell had lost its structure. The bahn mi taco was disappointing. There wasn't much filling- a slab of pork belly (which was actually cooked great), some matchstick carrots and a few sliced of pickled cucumber. After going through two entrees I still wasn't really full. I ended up going home and eating. 
The food here tasted good. Yet it seemed to be more of a place to get a drink, take your time, order appetizers, than entrees. While the food did come out fast, and the service was fast, I would not recommend it for someone looking to eat something good quickly.Fantastic food and prompt, friendly service.  I had an amazing tuna cerviche in coconut milk and my friend and I each had the mahi mahi tacos.  Very, very tasty and simple.On a Friday evening in February this place was jumpin'.  My husband and I stopped through on our way to a concert at the Fillmore and we very lucky to get a table for 2 right away.  The tables were quite cramped and we wound up in a corner, unnoticed by our server for most of our meal, but we didn't mind.  We had time to kill and being in the corner kept it cozy for date night.  By the time we left, people could barely get in the door.  
I will be back, but will be careful what drinks I order.  First round, I got a mango jalapeno marg and my husband got the house marg.  Mine was way too sweet.  The kind of sweet which you can tell you're going to get a sugar hangover the next morning.  My husband's was on point, perfect lime, sugar, tequila ratio.  So we decided to order a pitcher of the house marg for the next round.  We could barely get one drink down.  It was extremely sour and we questioned whether we ordered a virgin pitcher.  By the time we found our server, we had to run to catch the opening act of the concert so we paid the bill and split.  
I do want to end the review on a good note because Sancho's did have great food.  We had the mahi tacos and guacamole party.  I still talk about the guacamole party.  The various types of guac were incredible and at first I did not think I would like them but every single one was incredible.  It came with 4 huge portions of guacamole (3 from their menu and 1 off of their specials, which was a nice touch).  The traditional guacamole was perfectly chunky, the spicy tuna guac (my favorite) had a kick but so much flavor, the pistachio guac added a crunch you didn't know you needed, and the special for the day was berry guac with balsamic glaze.  When I explain it to people they understandably wince, as did I when I heard it.  But we gobbled down the berry guac first, we couldn't get enough!  Perfect combo of salty and sweet. 
I'll definitely be back to Sancho's when I'm in the area and next time stick to their extensive beer list.  I'm excited to try some of their other tacos and of course I'll never go without ordering the guac party!Went for Brunch and was happy with the breakfast. Service was good although food came out slow due to Beer festival rush.Chicken tacos were flavorful. Sancho Juice hot sauce was tasty without being too hot. Guacamole was great. I will be telling lots of folks about this place. Go there.These stars are only for the server and the cocktails, which were both very good. 
Walk in. Who works there? Totally unclear. Is this a seat yourself joint? Totally unclear. Everyone standing by the door is totally confused about what to do with themselves. They clearly need a hostess. 
The food left a lot to be desired. Chips were salty. I had the beef tacos and the meat was really fatty. They brought our food out with horrid timing. Three of us had out food and one was left sitting for a solid 5 minutes without his plate. Server was very attentive to that, totally the kitchen's fault. 
Last straw was when one of our drinks came to us in a cracked glass. Again, server was very attentive to this, but she can't run the whole restaurant herself. Never going back there, I don't know what all the buzz is about with this place.