Sneakily placed in the middle of a menu full of deli sandwiches and American breakfast staples, are 3 options of Greek specialties: mousaka, gyro, and chicken souvlaki. For the random amount of 8 dollars and 30 cents, you get a plate of mousaka with a side salad and a roll. It is a pretty amazing deal.
Mousaka is a host of some of my favorite things. I enjoyed the varying flavors and textures of my layers of cheese, meat, sauce, and eggplant. There wasn't a strong showing of bechamel, but nobody is perfect.
Sandy's mousaka is definitely one of those hidden gem lunches that get me all warm and fuzzy inside.
http://midtownlunch.com/philadelphia/2010/09/20/by-the-beard-of-zeus-home-cooked-mousaka-at-sandys/I've been to this place a coupe of times, the sitting arrangement is like any other typical Breakfast place. The outdoor seating during the spring and summer in a quite place with lots of greenery really sets them aside. Their service is very good and quick.
I would recommend their breakfast sandwiches with a twist of hot sauce and their banana chocolate chip pancakes.I stumbled upon this little place last sunday with my boyfriend around brunch time. 
The food was pretty cheap and it tasted pretty awesome. I really liked that it felt so home owned and small town in a big city. I might have found a new place to add to the weekend brunch spots.This is one of those grea little places that you wish everyone knew about,  but at  the same time wishing  nobody else finds out about it either! 
A little nook on 24th and Locust, family owned cosy home stile diner, a relaxed ambient where you can have breakfast or lunch at a really inexpensive price, with good quality both in service and product.
Potato salad for 2.50 and belive me, IT'S AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS, very simple but extrodinary in flavor. 
Turkey Club sandwich, sliced turkey breast(that is rosted on site ) succulant, tender and seasoned just  right. The bacon is crispy , flavorful but not salty as  the cheaper kind you will find in most Delis, the veggies are fresh and the tomato is right on the money, juicy and ripe. $8.95 
The Ruben; not as big as the classic Deli sandwich, but the taste is very good and comes with a side of coleslaw and fesh cut french fries for $8.50
I'm yet to try out their deserts and breakfast, but I did see someone having bacon and eggs with a stack of pancakes and looked great! I hope to have done justice to Sandy's.Sandy's is a gem of a small neighborhood joint. The food is classic diner fare done right and the owners are gracious hosts.  Pro tip: get the home fries--they are wonderful!The food was good and the customer service even better. Such genuine people. Great little diner.Always the most delightful dining experience when I visit Sandy's. This is your classic diner, with a huge variety of options. The customer service is top notch and you always feel welcome!Sandy's Lunch is a Sunday favorite for me.  It everything but a fancy restaurant (and I mean this in the best possible way) friendly service, great food, reasonable prices.  There is nothing more satisfying when you find a place that just give you a great meal and is not pretentious in the way it gives it to you.  Sandy's is a place that you find by just walking around, and from that point on it becomes one of your staples.  Yes come here for the great breakfast or just dip in for a quick lunch.  I keep finding surprises for me to wolf down and my last trip there was no different.  I let myself indulge my inner pig spirit with a blueberry muffin with my breakfast and was it good.  When I ordered it for something sweet with my coffee the waitress asked me "hey do you want that toasted", my answer was yeah I think I'll do that.  Boy am I glad I made that decision, because it cranked up the goodness factor by about ten notches for me.  Now am I saying the food here is cooked by a world renown chef, no.  Its a diner, but that doesn't mean it's bad.  It is what it is and that's just fine with me.love this place! 4 instead of 5 because the size of the place and the menu isn't too exciting. but the veggie omelet is amazing! location is awesome and the people are so nice! it's nice to go for a stroll by the river after brunch. my sibilings always want to go back when they come in town!What a great little spot. Tucked away on a residential street, Sandy's is where I always grab breakfast with a friend who lives nearby when I'm in town. I've only ever been for breakfast - egg sandwich, omelet, etc - and it's always done to order and delicious. The scrapple in particular is excellent. There's nothing special or flashy about the place or the food, and you won't come away bragging to your friends about it, but it's the type of establishment that becomes a go-to standard. 
Stella is always sweet and accommodating, and I've never had to wait for a seat. If you're looking for straightforward diner breakfast fare with no fuss, this is where you want to be.Funny that this place is called Sandy's Lunch on Yelp, yet I've only ever been for breakfast. 
Regardless, I'm a fan of this place primarily for its convenience and for the friendliness of Stella who always give great service. 
A place that's never over-crowded during the daytime and serves up food in a timely manner when you're hungry and ready to eat is a good place to have in the rolodex. 
The breakfast food itself is basic, but I mean anyone who doesn't like breakfast food isn't a real person so I'd imagine you wouldn't leave here disappointed if you don't fit that description. 
There is minimal outdoor seating, but it is still available a lot of the time and is a nice change of pace when the weather is nice.
It's also extremely easy to walk in, place an order, and take it to go if you're in a hurry and don't feel you have time to sit down. 
I personally suggest the omelet or the bacon egg and cheese. Love this little neighborhood spot.A nice little throwback diner-style cafe full of neighbors and locals. Tried the Greek omelet and chocolate pancakes.  Everything was tasty, cheap, and served by a pleasant staff.  No fine cuisine, but more power to them for doing so well as a small business in such a competitive food city.Best greasy diner breakfast in Philadelphia. Food is high quality and well-made. Prices are the lowest in the area for sure. Been coming here pretty much every weekend for the last month+.
Edit: came in one morning for another yummy greasy spoon breakfast and the food was horrible. Omelette was runny, potatoes were soft and undercooked, and toast was room temperature. I don't know if a different cook was in the back but it was just gross. Haven't been back since. :(Diners are crucial. This one is in Rittenhouse and remains very cheap. Five stars for that.Stumbled upon this place one lazy Sunday afternoon when I searched yelp for "within 2 blocks". I looked at the menu online, called to place an order for pick up, and was super confused when Sandy (the owner) had no idea what I were referring to. So I decided to head over in person and found out that the menu on this yelp page is not her actual menu. The owners are a really sweet Greek couple and Sandy makes homemade baklava, spanikopita and other authentic baked goods daily. Anyway, she made me a hoagie to order with the ingredients I wanted and even got her husband to make me another batch of the infamous potato salad because they'd run out for the day. The potato salad really is as delicious as the reviews say, but the sandwich was a bit of a let down, although it was gigantic.
FYI summer hours on weekends are changed to 3pm and not 4pm!Family owned, great for breakfast and lunch, and the baklava is fantasticYummy breakfast. The service was fast and friendly. A great place to get breakfast in the neighborhood without all the pomp of the brunch places. A tad expensive considering the food but that's probably the neighborhood more than anything. Would definitely come back.I absolutely love this place.  No frills mom & pop diner.  Mom takes your order and her husband cooks it.  It doesn't get more mom & pop than that.   
Simple food by simple people at super simple prices.  Portion sizes are absolutely perfect.  This hole in the wall diner is going to be one of my new regular hangouts.  Come here with a few friends or all by yourself.  Either way, you'll feel at home.Absolutely classic Greek diner.  This is a great place to get a fairly inexpensive breakfast or brunch on the weekend.  The space is tiny and narrow and there's always people in there, but you can sit and read the paper and relax if you want.
There's nothing fancy about this place and that's just the way I like it.  The number five special is my favorite, and I'm sticking to that.A classic Mom and Pop small diner - formica atmosphere on a neighborhood corner.  Their greek background shows in the homemade deserts and a few of the excellent dishes, but the staples are good versions of hamburgers, sandwiches etc.
Each time we go the proprietress smiles as though we'd returned from an expedition - she's truly one of the nice people, which of course makes the visit enjoyable.Sandy's is a great place for breakfast and lunch. I eat lunch here very frequently. There aren't a lot of options in the area, but alas, you don't need any when you have this place. Stella practically runs the place by herself, whether it's busy or slow.  She is super nice. I highly recommend the Reuben, it's grilled nicely and comes with fries and cole slaw, it's my go to meal. The food isn't amazing but it's still a great spot for nice nite to eat in a pleasant atmosphere.I cannot believe this place has four stars! My fiance and I came here for breakfast one morning. Yes the food is cheap but it is not good and dirty!!!! We found hair in our food, our toast was not toasted. Our potatoes uncooked. We witnessed the servers reusing the syrup and ketchup  and butter on our plates and gave it to another customer after I had put my trash on top of it. 
Upon leaving they also gave us the wrong change. 
DO NOT go here you will get sick and I can't believe they are still open. Walk down to South Street or towards Center City it will be worth.Just ate at Sandy's and have to say it was a huge disappointment. My boyfriend and I ordered relatively simple items (Greek salad, turkey club and cheese fries) and found ourselves waiting over 30 min to receive our food. What we were served was overly greasy and bland. I would skip this place because of the lack of service and the entirely underwhelming food.My husband and I have lived within 2 blocks of Sandy's for the past three years, and this is a favorite of ours.  It's a long, family-run, diner-style place with lovely friendly owners.  Food is your standard fare with a Greek twist: cheap, quick, delicious, and sometimes greasy (in a good way).  There's a lot of good food to be found in this city, but very few places as unique, charming, and reliable as this.Had their sausage omelette which comes with a side of home fries and 2 pieces of toast for $6.45.
The food tasted like your regular home cooked breakfast.  For the price and the fact it's located in the city, it's a great. Affordable.
Inside the restaurant - it's a little tight
Service - good service
Con - $10 minimum for credit cards. They do have an ATM inside but $1.50 fee.
If I'm looking for breakfast place without a wait, cheaper priced, and regular breakfast options, I would go here again.Even though it's cheap and the only breakfast place in a half mile radius, I would suggest walking to South Street to spend more $ for Ants Pants Cafe or Chestnut for Midtown Diner. Even better, you can make your own eggs and etc after going to Trader Joe's or in a pinch, Rite Aid. I've tried Sandy's 3-4 times due to proximity, but I've been repeatedly disappointed by overdone scrambled eggs and omelettes, and greasy underdone hash browns. Service is perfectly nice.
Step up at the door- not wheelchair accessible. Also, Sandy's is slated to close and reopen with a liquor license and completely different full menu (ie dinner) concept mid 2008.
(Interestingly and OT, the spellchecker thinks that "omelettes" is spelled wrong. Same for omelette.)My husband and I live across the street and LOVE eating at Sandy's! The service is impeccable, and if you're in the mood for traditional no-frills diner food that's prepared with care, look no further. The tuna melt's outta sight and their breakfast line-up is solid, too. Still haven't tried their homemade rice pudding or baklava but those are next on my list!Alright, I'll admit right off the bat, I probably have some neighborhood bias here.  I can literally throw a stone from my window and hit this place (not that I've tried).
They serve quality renditions of diner standards.  Don't go expecting some noveau Greek-American cuisine.  Nope.  Just burgers, hoagies, club sandwiches, great greasy-spoon breakfast, and as Jamie S. points out, a small selection of Greek food.
Not only is the food always on target, the staff is very friendly--I've never walked in and not caught a smile.  The ambiance is cozy.  By that, I mean you feel right at home dining by yourself with a book at lunch time, but also that you probably won't fit more than 4 people in one of their 5 or 6 larger booths.  The rest of the booths are 2 seaters, and they have the classic "diner" bar setup for singles.Sandy's is a good choice for those lazy mornings when you have no eggs left and don't want to walk to the store.  This small diner flaunts no aesthetics but provides friendly service.  Personally, I'd rather walk to the store and make my own eggs or french toast, but there are just those days that I simply can't do it.  When that times comes for you, trust in Sandy for that pick-me-up coffee and eggs on Correlle.I love Sandy's. it's a classic diner with a real family atmosphere.  They are really inexpensive here but it's always packed on Saturday and Sunday for breakfast.   It's tiny and you may have to wait for a table but I think it's well worth it.I love this place. Everything I get here is amazing.. Love it everytime.breakfast and lunch are both really goodGreat place! I love getting omelettes here when I'm low on breakfast food. They take credit card and do call-in takeout. The only downside is that there can sometimes be a little too much cheese so manage those expectations accordingly.5 stars for environment , cozy comfort food and friendly service. This place is a go to every weekend for me. It's family run and everything is made by the owner. The pancakes are amazing.Love Sandy's! Their prices are low, the food is delicious, the staff is friendly. Excellent breakfast every time I've had it. It is a bit small, but it is one of the few places I've found in the city that have a true diner feel without the overpriced options.Perfect diner for a simple, homemade breakfast. Home fries were crunchy outside, poached eggs were awesome. Cozy, well priced and delicious.I lived the diner atmosphere, prices, and home cooked food. I will definitely go back many times for the baklava.This little diner off the Schuykill river trail is the perfect little diner for a quick homemade lunch or a yummy breakfast seven days a week.
Ran by a lovely older Greek couple they take the same loving care in preparing the meals as they would their grandchildren. I have seen her packaging up homemade rice pudding he ladled out from a large pot, briefly ribbing him when the portions seemed inconsistent.
The food is good, especially for diner fare, and the ingredients taste fresh. The potato salad is what picnics are made of and they advertise daily specials on the menu board outside.
They do have early hours, on average they are open 7a-4p but it's worth finding a window of time to slip in and enjoy the next closest thing to your Mom's cooking (granted she's a good cook!).Best place in Philadelphia for an inexpensive hearty breakfast!
I have been here a number of times; the food is always good and the staff are always friendly.I felt very comfortable here. The lady is very nice and welcoming. The food is simple, but tasty! My friend's ruben looked wonderful. I love that coleslaw is repeat on this menu. It has larger cuts of cabbage which is a nice change to the shredded kind.
There are two tables to sit outside. Inside there is plenty of small booth seating and counter seating on stools.Ordered take out from Sandys around noon on a Saturday. Was surprised how quickly it was ready (~15 mins). First thing I noticed was how pleasant Stella was. She made sure I didn't have any food allergies before giving me a piece of the homemade spinach and feta pie. Also let me know that they serve breakfast ALL DAY. I ordered the Reuben with coleslaw and the famous potato salad instead of the fries. All for around $11! Very tasty and fresh. The Reuben came with a "Russian" sauce which was delicious. Everything was hot and grilled. The potato salad was excellent as well. Will definitely go here again!Such a good neighborhood spot where you can quickly get an affordable breakfast. It's already quickly becoming my default spot when I'm either too lazy or don't have anything to cook in the morning. 
The lady who runs the place (Stella) is extremely friendly and that's the type of stuff that goes a long way with me. She's extremely pleasant. It's never too crowded and it's coast seating. I'll soon be a regular here for sure.
If you're feeling hungry the 3x3x3 3 eggs pancakes and bacon) is a good call. The omelet is also pretty good as well. 
Stop by for a chill meal whether alone or with friends.Love love love this Greek diner mom and pop's cramp style! There's personality in this place that is missing in many places in Philly. Actually, Sandy's is like the ugly duckling of the neighborhood...it doesn't know how beautiful its uniqueness really is. The food is good but I go more to feel like I'm at a friend's home.This is MY go-to of all places.  Not only is the food excellent and prepared exactly as desired but it has all the appeal of the place where everybody knows your name.  Voted as #38 out of ALL diners in Pennsylvania Sandy's is a neighborhood institution.  But not to worry, if you don't live in the neighborhood you'll be welcomed as if you were and will soon be back again and again!
I have my 'usual" which is a Western Omlette but Stella and Nick, the owners know I cannot have any wheat products and carefully make sure my foods do not come in contact with anything that could make me sick.  I also love their Cheesesteak (They use Amorosa rolls but I cannot have these!), their Suvlaki, their cheeseburgers.... and they definitely have the best fries in the city!  
There are also all kinds of Greek pasteries- none of which come in gluten-free alternatives but they look delicious and all the other customers rave about these treats!
Stop by, say Hi to Stella, Nick, Costas, and Angie.  It's the traditional family place you've always wanted to be a part of!Friendly wait staff, booth and barstool seating with pictures of little league and Greece on the wall. This place is nothing fancy, and that's its best trait. A quality breakfast and lunch place that fits right into the corner of 24th and Locust. Loved the location so much it made my SO and I want to move to the neighborhood. 5 Star BrunchI'm waiting to pick up a souvlaki sandwich as I write...  
Sandy's is just across the street from me, which means I eat their food quite bit.  I like that I can have a burger and fries or reuben, or something a little healthier like a salad or deli sandwich.  Owners are conscientious and friendly and clearly care about the business and their customers - most of whom are daily regulars.  The souvlaki is one of my favorite food items - a nice portion of tender, marinated (?) cubed chicken, ample tzatziki, and a nice bit of lettuce.  Why do so many restaurants skimp on the lettuce?  Sandy's does not and for that, I am grateful!This is a very cute neighborhood diner that is great for breakfast. My boyfriend and I came last weekend and were so glad we finally gave this place a try. I had the Greek omelette (spinach and feta), and my boyfriend had the veggie omelette. The food was delicious and was a hearty portion -- the omelettes come with home fries and two pieces of toast. Also, the meals were around $7 each, which is so cheap compared to other breakfast spots in the Rittenhouse area. Our waitress was also very friendly and appreciative of our business. All around, it's a great place, and I'm sure I'll be back sometime soon!A terrific, casual tiny Greek diner. On a hot summer's day in Philadelphia, the air conditioning was a welcome respite after the walk from the "financial district" and though the restaurant is small, there were a couple booths available as well as the bar stools at the counter. The ruben was delicious as was the accompanying cole slaw, pickle spear, and fries (extra crispy!) and the staff was friendly and relaxed.I love this place.  Stella is so friendly and always suggests different things for me to try.  I tried moussaka for the 1st time and Omg it was heaven on a plate.  Breakfast or lunch is tasty but inexpensive.This place is a small and cozy restaurant with several tables. Ordered the 2x2x2 and the 3x3x3. Can't go wrong with breakfast really, and the food came at a timely manner.Great neighborhood diner! Friendly atmosphere and the food is exactly what it should be: comforting (maybe a little bit greasy, but that's pretty standard at a diner), simple and well priced. Will definitely be going back!Great find! Walking back from the Schuylkill River Boardwalk we found this tiny place. Looked like an ordinary luncheonette but surprise! Besides the usual sandwiches, hoagies and cheesesteaks there were Greek specialties including home made spanakopita and real gyros. The veggie burger also got a rave.Finally tried this local spot. I think I'll be here once a week from now on.  Great diner atmosphere, real throwback...no pretense, just straight forward home cooked breakfast. Had the Hungry Man--2 poached eggs, perfectly cooked, 2 pancakes just right, side of rye toast, and home fries that were fresh, lightly browned and delish. Coffee with refills included, side of crispy bacon extra. Nicest, friendliest service around. I'll be back, and looking forward to some souvlaki and a gyro!UPDATE: Sandy's is closed forever. There's some kind of a work permit in the window, however; it will be interesting to see what takes the place of this beloved neighborhood diner.
--------------
Sandy's is a gem of a small neighborhood joint. The food is classic diner fare done right and the owners are gracious hosts.  Pro tip: get the home fries--they are wonderful!Hidden gem!!!!! My husband and I lived on Rittenhouse and this was our favorite breakfast spot. Small hole in the wall, but amazing food and service every time!Lots of tasty diner food for cheap prices in a quiet part of town... I say I love me my Sandy's! I stumbled upon this place a few times, mostly when I'm out running, then I would unfortunately forget about when I got home.  Then it popped into my head one day for a breakfast place, and I am so glad it did!
Tasty omelets, delicious breakfast sandwiches and always a full mug of coffee.  Great place for a rainy Saturday breakfast or quick cup of coffee.  The staff are friendly, and the small setting is ideal for keeping the charm in this place.  Try to remember Sandy's for some breakfast!Great spot to go to in Rittenhouse for a cheap and quick sit down breakfast. I have yet to try the tasty looking baklava that is always sitting on the counter but mark my words I will.Not a place where the waitress introduces herself and tells you the greens are organic, the eggs are from free range chickens, the potatoes are from this special little farm just outside of the city... yada yada yada, 
Since we moved in the neighborhood, came here a few times because the kitchen was not set up yet. It's an old fashion mom and pop dinner with good food and friendly services. I like their home fry the best. Not sure what he puts in it to make it so tasty. So far have not seen any hipster in there and hope it stay that way.Came here for breakfast on a Saturday morning and saw toward the back dining area as it was a little busier up front. Seems like a spot with a lot of regulars from the neighborhood, and everyone who worked here seemed very friendly!
We had some breakfast sandwiches that were pretty good, nothing special, but good nonetheless. Plus, the prices will be hard to beat, especially in this area. I will definitely be back to grab a quick and cheap bite in the near future.Sandy's is a true hidden gem. My boyfriend and I love stopping in on a weekend morning to enjoy a quiet yet satisfying breakfast for under $20. It's more of a diner vibe so don't expect the flashy brunch scene. The food is spot on and the prices are reasonable. I love the omelettes, the egg to cheese ratio is perfect. I've tried a few other things including the pancakes, French toast, and eggs Benedict. Nothing is fancy, just solid breakfast food. Go here.For the price, this place is awesome. The breakfast was exactly what I wanted from a hole in the wall type of place and it was so cheap.Don't want to wait in line for Honey's?  Why not Sandy's?
I've come here for Sunday brunch twice and have not been disappointed.  It's not as hip as other places, just simple, no frills diner food with friendly service.
You can have a petite brunch with the $3 egg special for an egg, toast and home fries.  Or go all out with omelets, pancakes, sandwiches or the Hungry Man special.  I've tried them all, and they're all great.  They also have that good ol reliable diner coffee.  I wonder where they buy this stuff??I beg to differ with anybody who says there's no greatness at Sandy's.  In the field of diners, it's five stars.
Halfway through a walk from Spruce Hill to Center City, my lunch companion and I happened across Sandy's.  We were in search of a cheap lunch and a cool place to sit for a little while during the June heat wave.  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger.  I have ordered a burger almost everywhere at one time or another because it is a safe and reliable lunch that hardly anybody can screw up.  Sandy's not only didn't screw it up, but served the best bacon cheeseburger I have ever had placed before me.  Seriously.  I've paid twice the price for a cheeseburger at National Mechanics that was only half as good.
You aren't going to be impressed by the decor, but it's a diner, folks.  C'mon.  The waitress smiles pleasantly and makes you feel welcome.
I wouldn't hesitate to stop in again if I was in the neighborhood.  And if I was particularly in the mood for a bacon cheeseburger, I'd make a special trip.Cheap eats here, and a cozy booth for one.  Sandy is friendly, and breakfast is really cheap.  But my Greek omelet had canned spinach, so for that there are only three stars.A great hole in the wall, Sandy's is a delicious luncheonette in the Fitler Square neighborhood. It is consistent and fast. A seating of about 20/30 people, quaint and delicious. The menu varies from breakfast to lunch served all day. An older Greek woman, Stella has been running the place for years and will recognize your familiar face upon entering. It is a simple place no thrills and frills. My go to is the eggs and pancakes special, cheap, piping hot and filling. I recently tried the italian hoagie and was impressed. They use Sarcone's rolls and Kalamata olive oil with fresh meats and cheese, filling and so good that I forced myself to eat the last bite. The potato salad is made fresh for every order. They also will deliver to the surrounding blocks but its worth the short walk to just seat yourself and grab a bite. Reminds me of smaller diner.Picture your favorite aunt. Now picture she owns a quaint diner full of breakfast foods served with a side of Greek hospitality. This is the place.If you are looking for a greasy spoon with a Greek flair, this is the place! Classic American breakfasts for cheap and great Greek food like Baklava.Excellent breakfast.  Prices are fair.  Family owned and operated.  Doesn't disappoint what so ever!  Breakfast sandwiches are spot on.Sandy's is one of the few places in Philly where you can still get a full breakfast for less than $6, and you never need a reservation. The food itself is basic -- not spectacular -- but the service is prompt and friendly and you'll never feel rushed. The place is no-frills but there's plenty of seating and it's great for catching up with friends without feeling like you should've put on your "fancy" sweatpants. 
Sandy herself is an adorable Greek lady who has been running the place every time I've been. She's a sweetheart!I go here regularly on the weekends. Its small, Its simple and the service is outstanding!  Try their cheesesteak the bread used alone makes the cheesesteak!My favorite little breakfast spot. Frequented often. I actually hate when it's crowded cause I feel like more people are catching on. Reasonably priced, exactly as you would expect, no gimmicks or "interesting" ingredients- just straight forward good breakfast and deli lunches. And Stela is a gem. 
Sometimes I wish my coffee cup was refilled more often. But that's probably just the addiction talking...Sandy's is absolutely adorable.  
This spot is a sweet little breakfast & lunch Greek diner, equipped with reasonable prices, more than solid diner food, and a very friendly staff (which are each lucky finds in the area).  I can't recommend Sandy's higher.2.5 stars
I feel bad for the low rating because the people are so nice and it  feels like going over to your grandmom's house to eat, but the place just isn't anything that I couldn't make myself.  The food is cheap, and definitely a good place if you're in the neighborhood and too lazy to cook anything yourself.  The baklava was the highlight of my meal, though it was a tad dry and probably had a bit too much spice in it.  The rest of the menu is just standard fare: eggs, breakfast meats, burgers, etc and none of them are executed with any kind of greatness that would make me come back on a regular basis.For 15 years we have been frequenting Sandy's! Our cozy neighborhood diner, run by the sweet Greek couple Stella and Nick.
These days life is a mile a minute, with neighborhood gentrification and new local restaurants popping up like daisy's on a cow patty. 
Sandy's is the place you come home to, where you know your banana chocolate chip pancakes are going to be the same banana chocolate chip pancakes you loved 5 years ago. Where the service is excellent and your coffee cup is always full.
Stella welcomes you as you open the front door, asks how everyone is doing, comments on how tall the kids are now, and asks what your summer plans are. 
We find a booth by the window and sit down. The kids order hot chocolate like they always do. The baklava watches you from under the glass bar, and Nick cooks away in the kitchen passing hot breakfast orders off to the young waitresses. Memories rush back from years past when your toddler sat on your lap and made napkin animals, or the time your son like to pick through the toy basket by the door because he couldn't sit still.I love this little place... it's so convenient and affordable, and best of all, right next to my place. The service is friendly and attentive and the food is good. I especially like the Mousaka, yum!!!I was cautioned this place would not be the highest quality or greatest ever food. I accepted and kept an open mind. 
Food we ordered: Reuben sandwich with coleslaw, and THE potato salad. One spanakopita and three chocolate chip pancakes. $25 with tip, average to below average diner portion size.
For a place owned by Greeks, this is some of the most disappointing spanakopita/spinach pie I've ever had. At $3.75 a square the texture of the filling was rubbery and pressed so thin. No sign of dotted feta. The filo dough while homemade was oily and chewy. There should be no shame to use the crispy  store bought dough. We need the help of machines to create wonderfully thin/flaky filo dough. 
Pancakes, a little dry but good. Reuben sandwich, nothing exceptional when in Philly. Coleslaw, very standard. The potato salad, yes very tasty. 
The service was great, the owner is nice and welcoming.I will be back!  Great place for a quick sandwich or breakfast. No hype just good food with great service.
ThanksThis place is terrific for an inexpensive breakfast / lunch / brunch.  The service is exceptional considering the place is always packed and the food is very good, sans frills.So, I am a southerner, living in Yankee land.  In the south, every waitress calls you "Hun".  I miss that so to get my fix in Philly, I go down the street to Sandy's where Stella calls you "Dear".  I love it!  No one calls you "Dear" in Philly.  "Smuck", maybe, but not "Dear".  Stella, I already love you!
This looks like a tiny little place but open the door and BAM!  You are inside a classic Greek diner that is quite spacious and immaculate.  Sorry but this place is spotless inside and out.  It is also very cheap.  The menu is nothing special-typical Greek diner fare but they make a wonderful western omelette!  The peppers, onions and ham were done perfectly and the cheese was runny and wonderful.  I agree that the food is pretty simple but for the price and wonderfully friendly service, it is a great little place within blocks of Fitler Square and great for a quick bite.
Great place for family or friends.I didn't want to be as charmed by this place as I ended up being, primarily because it's another excuse not to cook for myself (in this case, weekend breakfast--which, let's be honest, usually occurs around noon).
As others have said, Sandy's Lunch isn't gourmet fare, nor does it try to be. It's greasy spoon done right--less grease, a little more finesse with the spoon, but still very much unapologetic diner fare.
Two things make Sandy's stand out: the consistent high quality of the food produced, and Stella (the proprietress). We've been here twice now, and the food is always delicious (their fries are ridiculous, and I'm that rare species of human that doesn't generally like fries at. all.) but perhaps more importantly, Stella really does make you feel at home. She's the sole waitress for the whole place, but you don't see her get ruffled even when it's busy. She pauses to chat, offers a genuinely friendly smile, and makes everything run smoothly in the kitchen. She may not always remember to refill your coffee or water, but is more than happy to top you off if you ask.
The other neat thing about this place is the range of clientele, brought in by good food at really decent prices. You get your college kids nursing a hangover, your yuppie parents with their (startlingly always well-behaved in here) kids, your working-class guys still in their coveralls, your single elderly folks looking for a little company. It's a lovely little slice of Philadelphia, and well worth your effort.
Is Sandy's Lunch better fare than the latest gastro-pub fusion kick everyone's on? Maybe not. But it doesn't try to be, and it does exactly what it tries to be precisely right. For that, they deserve the full five stars.
Side note: the rye bread here will knock you off your socks if you're a rye fan. It's seriously the best rye I've had since my last sojourn to Poland.Cute and casual little diner with fast service and a friendly atmosphere. I had eggs florentine and it was delicious! Would definitely go back in the near future :)