I had the duck noodle bowl and honestly, I maybe ate half. The broth was not flavorful at all and the duck had so much fat and bone in it that I couldn't eat it! I saw other items here that looked good but just stay away for that dish.Chinatown in a shopping mall.  Stay with the duck and soups.  The bok chop combo with the duck is probably the best thing here.  Healthy food it is not, but a real bargain in Center City Philadelphia!Ordered a duck and wonton noodle soup~The broth was delicious, the wonton had really good content in it, shrimp and mushroom( I think) with great texture, and the best part was crispy duck. The skin was so crispy, even when it is put into the soup, the flavor was on point. Eat noodles, wonton and duck while drinking the soup was a very happy delicious and satisfying experience. If you ever go to Reading terminal market, you must try it!!!I was looking for a quick bite for lunch and decided to try a new option at Reading Terminal Market and Peking Duck was given to me as a recommendation. I ordered the duck with vegetables and rice but was quite surprised (a little alarmed) that it was prepared by hand without gloves...but I guess its the traditional way.
The duck was okay and paired well with the "gravy" that was poured over it but the portion was 70% rice, 20% vegetables and 10% duck. It was affordable, fast and tasty; but it was disappointing not to have more the meat that is a popular item and the only reason I tried this restaurant. It wasn't a bad experience but not a rewarding one either.Just picked up a couple of appetizers for a quick dinner. Ordered pan fried dumplings and a Peking duck roll. Dumplings were not fresh and like the duck roll tasted like they had been microwaved.  Couldn't eat either one.I've only ordered the peking duck roll and it is pretty delicious. That being said, it's premade and microwaved which gives the roll/crepe wrap a weird mushy soggy texture. It would be better if it were thrown over a pan rq to heat and fresh made, but I guess for the cost they dont care enough to sacrifice speed for sogginess.Avoid! The duck was terrible. After reading decent praise I'd thought I'd try it out. A duck leg came served on a styrofoam plate with a plastic fork. Which would be fine, had it not just come out of the microwave and therefore was rubbery with soft skin, sitting in a pool of grease. Basically the anti-Peking of duck. Worst $7 I've spent in a long timeHad to come back and drop 2 stars. Used to come here all the time because my husband just love loveee their duck dishes. Last time visiting though, a complete disappointment. $22 for half of a Peking duck and only expected something at least appetizing looking but got a small chunks of dried up skins. Not to mention the 'sheets' that came with the duck were all cracked and dried with missing pieces... Never again.I've been here several times and I really enjoy it.  I always get the duck and I think it's terrific.  Yes, I realize they prepare it at their home restaurant.  And yes, I realize they frequently nuke it to warm it up.  But I find it to be very tasty and very reasonable in price.
Yesterday, I also ordered the meat dumplings (I was hungry).  The dumplings were good.  The sauce they put on top of the dumplings is a little salty; so that was a downside to me.
I'm sure if you go to the main restaurant in Chinatown, the quality is probably better.  But I've always enjoyed eating duck here.  If you like duck, I think it's worth a visit while you are in Reading Terminal Market.Got a duck noodle! Came really fast. duck was really good, had meat, didn't smelly ducky. I wish i could eat here every day.
Not much space to eat there. you can order at the register for take out or sit at the bar stools for service.This may be the worst review I have ever written. I thought this was the Peking Duck restaurant that was recommended to me by a friend that used to live in Philly. It was not!! It was the first meal I could squeeze into my busy schedule that day and I needed it to be wonderful!! I ordered the peking duck to share and the duck-wonton noodle soup. One bite of the duck made me realize I made a HUGE mistake. It was so greasy and boney it immediately turned my stomach. I tried to scratch the Duck part and just eat the wontons and noodles in the soup but it was so bland I couldn't pick up any flavors other than the remnants of the super oiled duck that was in it. It was BY FAR the worst meal I had eaten in a long time and it haunted me for quite some time so, Beware. I don't like giving one star- but I had a hard time even giving this place that, I couldn't eat any of the food I had ordered and it ruined my stomach.One of my favorite places in all of the world and the reading terminal market.  
This place is amazing, and perhaps life changing. 
When you go here order the following and enjoy:
1 - Steamed Dumplings
2 - Any kind of noodle soup
That is it.
A perfect lunch/dinner and it truly is a treat to have this.
Absolutely perfection.So, let me start by saying, if I could only have 1 protein the rest of my life, it would be duck. I got a seat at the counter, ordered my duck and it was out in no time. It was much better than I expected for a market like this. It was done so simply but it was tinder, the skin was so freaking delicious and greasy. White rice and bok choy clean the palate a bit. Ginger all up in the bok choy. My husband got the shrimp lo mein. It was good. Fresher than the usual stuff you get. Get the big order.The spring rolls are out of this world! Also the shrimp dumplings and the chicken sticks are amazing!It's become tradition, I come here after getting tattooed at the convention. Place your order and your food is ready in mintues. It's hot, fresh, and REALLLLLLLLLLLY goodI had the Peking duck with rice and vegetables. Although it's a good value, the quality of the food left something to be desired. The duck breast hardly had any meat on it, the vegetable (I think it was bok choy) was lukewarm and very bland, and the sauce added little flavor to the clumpy rice the duck and vegetables were served on. After ordering, I also worried about the hygiene of the staff as the man who prepared my food didn't wear gloves, handled the cash I paid with, and only briefly rinsed his hands before proceeding to serve the next customer in the same manner. If you're looking for Chinese food in Reading Terminal Market, I'd suggest trying one of the several other vendors first.Good quick lunch at an affordable price. Had the duck lo mein. Duck is fatty, boney pieces laid on top of quick lo mein. Hard to eat without getting your hands dirty. Tasty, but pretty basic overall.Passed by this place on a Sunday afternoon touring the reading terminal market, and it got me craving roasted duck so I stopped by before leaving Philly. 
Swung by at 10am and I wasn't the only one who wanted duck for breakfast, I can only assume that they are good people. Service was quick once the cashier noticed that I was there.
I ordered the duck with rice and was a little put off that the food was microwaved in the container but I really did like the duck, it was succulent and balanced in flavour. The rice was a little soft though, which is why it didn't get the full 5*. They give you a lot of the duck jus, which made life just a little bit better.Great food . Great service but the rooms really need improvement . The tables and chairs are looking nasty and falling apartThis stand at the Reading Terminal Market is a satellite of their restaurant at 238 N. 9th.  The roast duck with vegetable and rice is delicious.  The Peking style duck rolls are a wonderful wrap of duck, plum sauce and cabbage.  The soups are a particular favorite.  Quart size helpings filled with noodles, wontons and served with meat, seafood or both.  Very hearty and makes me very happy.  Sang Kee is pretty reasonable and the food is consistently good.    For around $10 you can get an appetizer or soup and entrée and have enough food left over for lunch the next day.Ugh! I ordered steamed dumplings. I was shocked that they were thrown in the wok for less thank 15 seconds. I thought wow that was quick! They were quickly covered in sauce and put in a container. First bite SALTY!!!! And then, these dumplings are ice cold! Tried again and thought this meat is cold and bland.What can I say. This is a great place. I always get their shrimp wonton soup for four dollars or the dumpling soup with veggies for all of $7.95. Pretty much everything is great. Bala included, though my friends say the west Philly site is not as great. That's mom in the picture. She makes fantastic soup. She is so nice and friendly. Call her mom for me.If you go here, go here for the meat but not the other things. As a vegetarian/vegan, I got the tofu and vegetables with rice and I was pretty disappointed. The tofu was not firm enough and the sauce was not flavorful. The vegetable soup was simple and refreshing but nothing special. I would steer away from this place if you are not getting the meat.This is one of my favorites in Chinatown, especially when I want a big bowl of soup and my husband wants something more substantial.  My favorites include the roast pork wonton noodle soup and the duck rolls.  Stay away from the traditional Chinese food, as the specialty is Hong Kong style food.  If you're really hungry and with a friend, get the duck for two - yum yum.When I'm in the Reading Terminal Market, I usually leave with a duck roll in my hand from Sang Kee.  Only $2 and is a nice tasty snack.  If I have a full meal, I usually will get duck with no rice and extra greens instead.  I wish I didn't have to pick around the bones, but the taste keeps me coming back and dealing with them!  I've never had a bad meal from Sang Kee.I had the duck with rice and veggies and their wonton noodle soup. The wontons taste like mush and the duck was all of the bony parts not the meat. I reccommend if you want to try Sankee food to go to their Chinatown restaurant.Great spot.  I've had a few things here, but the best ever is the duck noodle soup.  The broth is salty and fatty and the duck is so delicious and the noodles are good.  I also like their dumpling soups, their soups with greens, and everything else I've tried.
They are also inexpensive.  Wonderful!You know, there's actually limited peking duck here. It's actually better fo roasted duck in the window, and they do a better job at their big restaurant over on Vine with the peking duck.
Noodle & rice dishes Hong Kong style. Much like Big Wong's.
Cheap prices, though. Cash only.Ugh..I assumed the Reading Terminal location would be the same as the standalone Sang Kee restaurant, which has raving Yelp reviews. Definitely NOT the case. I ordered the noodle soup with duck and was not impressed at all. Save yourself the money (and calories) and just order the duck with rice. The duck itself is pretty good but the soup and under cooked noodles ruined the experience for me. I'd MAYBE come back if I'm truly craving some peking duck and stuck at the Reading Terminal Market.We had the sesame chicken which was really good. The roast pork lo mein which was good but the pork was WAY better than the lo meinI was seriously missing Asian food and thank God there's this place at the Reading Terminal Market.  I've ordered the same thing twice for lunch on two separate days: duck won ton noodle soup.  Seriously yummy duck won ton noodle soup.  Loved the duck, the noodles, the broth, the won ton, everything!  I wanted to get it one last time before I left Philly, but there was no time with all the things happening for the World Meeting of Families congress, festival, and papal Mass that we came for all the way from Hawaii.  Their duck won ton noodle soup saved me from hoagie sandwich overload and made being away from home a little easier.  If I ever get back to Philly, I'm definitely going to stop by again for another round of duck won ton noodle soup.Got a to-go thing of duck in under a minute! They were super fast and the duck was delicious. I'm impressed with the speed because the place was CROWDED and my friends grabbing food at other places in the market took them around 10-15 mins to get food4 stars for the food.  I try to ignore the surroundings.  Great Duck.  And hands-down best steamed dumplings.  LOVE 'em.  Wonton Duck Soup can be a little greasy - but man, it's a tasty indulgence.
Oh - and watching my 4 year old scarf down 3 different types of dumplings was precious.  She sat at the counter like a pro.  She tried the shrimpdumplings, wonton (sans soup they are very tasty) and the steamed chicken dumplings.
Can't wait to take her back here.Tried this for the first time today with a friend who eats there regularly and I loved it.
Had the mixed pork and chicken steamed dumplings and the Peking duck roll. The dumplings came drizzled with soy sauce and fresh scallion, enough to go around but not too much. They were well filled and very filling. The Peking duck roll was good too.. Peking duck inside what more resembled a tortilla than anything else.
Seems pretty popular, the seats were all full by the time we finished eating. I haven't tried their Chinatown location, I imagine it must be pretty much identical and I'll give it a try next time I'm nearby.This place is great for their roast duck rice! nomnomJust very typical American Chinese food except their duck is actually pretty good. 
The staff here are very nice though. I got to talk to the people sit next to me and overhear the staff talking haha.This is a review for what I ordered (if I ordered something else I'm sure it'd be way better. Also I love their main restaurant in Chinatown). 
I ordered a peking duck appetizer here which was pretty good but I saw them microwave it. Appetizer was kinda dry and tasted old but it was still 3 star worthy. Will definitely order something else here which probably is way better.Walking through Reading Terminal Market you see the crispy, perfectly golden ducks in the window and you just have to have one. Or maybe that's just me. I had to have one.
I ordered the lunch serving of duck with fried rice. I'm about to expose the American in me, but I wish they didn't chop it all up, bones and all. I know this is standard at many places that do duck, but I really hate putting a bite in my mouth and worrying if its going to be duck or a small piece of bone. The boyfriend wasn't complaining and thought it was delicious, so again this could just be me. 
Anywho, they give you a pretty healthy portion of duck served over a ton of fried rice, and for the price the servings are large. If you're looking for duck in Reading this may be the spot for you, but with all the options there I think there are better places to check out.i LOVE this place. the food is fresh, delicious, and inexpensive.
be warned: the staff is abrupt and usually unfriendly, but they get the job done. also: they only take cash.I've loved mallard ducks since I was a child.  The males are just so darn cute - don't they look like they're wearing brown tweed suits with white collars?  That said, duck is one of the few things I don't eat.  So why am I reviewing Sang Kee?  Because their pork dumpling/bok choy/noodle soup (#8) at the Reading Terminal Market has become a weekly staple in my lunch rotation.
When I'm having a stressful day at work, I know I can nip down to the Sang Kee stand for  a #8 and lose myself in its goodness until I'm ready to face the world again.  The broth and noodles are notably plain, but that makes them the ideal canvas to showcase the swirls and flecks of chili oil that I always put in (be careful though, too much of it will clear your sinuses, know what I'm sayin?).  Bok choy is my favorite vegetable, and it makes me feel like I'm eating healthy even as I layer it on top of the pork dumplings (which aren't fried and don't feel particularly fatty, but still).
I can't speak for the more "Americanized" options that they offer (Bourbon chicken?  What IS that?  I always thought it was something Chinese stalls in food court malls invented), but the soups rock my world.  Don't forget to ask for the chili oil!I like seeing the hanging ducks, which tastes great, but seemed more bony and fatty than anything else. I find their wonton soup extremely forgettable. Nothing to write home about. My friend, who I suggested for them to go here also said the same thing. It's convenient and well priced Chinese food if you're in the Reading Terminal Market, but I would much rather walk to nearby Chinatown for the same food. They are cash only, but they do accept Level Up and their service is friendly.My Peking Duck came out of a microwave while the other people before me was made fresh. Mine had no meat, mainly bones. The other customers had plenty of meat. Maybe it was because the other people were regulars or locals or something. I also noticed later I was charged a dollar more than price on the menu.It can't compare to the real place on 9th street, it just can't. That location is delicious, and price friendly. This place is just lower quality
$7.00 for shrimp wonton noodle soup with vegetables with a whopping 3 wontons in my soup! So you get full from allll the noodles they give you, but really nothing substantial. Also a little bland compared to their real location.. such a bummer
Can't comment on the pork as I've stopped eating it recently!I saw this place on TV and had high expectations. However, it was way too greasy for my taste and I barely got any meat on my duck too much digging through grease and fat. The noodles were dowsed in oil.. what a waste of calories!best deal in town! this place is classically chinese, with rude yet fast service, and not a very polished finish to the sitting area, but the food is delicious and the prices are unbeatable. beware, bring cash as they dont accept credit cards. it does tend to get packed on weekends, so i usually get takeout if its during the weekend. open late! you won't find a better deal in town. for a good inexpensive and delicious meal, try the wonton noodle soup. its like good ramen with fresh noodles and fresh wontons thrown in the mix! delicious!I am a big fan of the original chinatown location, so while searching for Little Thai Kitchen and having no luck, I decided to give this a try. I got the hong kong wonton noodles with duck (since they ran out of roast pork). Although I could taste the rich & tasty flavors of the duck which they are famously known for, I was disappointed to find it was still a bit cold on the inside. It's no secret the food is prepared before-hand and heated...but it would be nice to not  be reminded of it. My broth was flavorful, but a bit too salty (I must have drank about a liter of water after bc I was so thirsty). My noodles were also still clumped together and slightly cold in the center. Seems like the dish was hastily put together, even though my order was the only one at the time, with only 2 other people eating. The wontons were delicious & shrimpy as always and perfectly cooked. The servers were also extremely nice and very friendly. I will probably not come back here knowing there are many other great places in terminal and the original storefront is 10x's betterTried the roast duck over rice and received a pile of bones and sinew. When I showed the sales lady she said that I didn't understand the cut. I had about four small slivers of duck in the whole mess.Why would you dilute your wonton broth???  Wasting food is a terrible thing, so I understand if you don't want to make a brand new stockpot on Saturday afternoon.  But it would really be a better experience for customers if you make one anyway, or start off with a larger batch, and freeze. As a customer, I would much rather enjoy frozen and delicious rather than fresh but diluted broth.
Seriously, Sang Kee. Your wonton broth is sooo good. Please don't sacrifice quality for convenience's sake. 
And I am aware the restaurants are a lot more careful. Still  sometimes, you just want to forgo the whole restaurant set up and just enjoy a bowl of wonton.I absolutely LOVE their big bowl noodle soups.  I'm also a big fan of their VIP program.  
There is a reason this place is full every night. They deliver good service and great food.  
I pretty much always order the same thing Big bowl noodle of pork & duck with the hong kong wontons.   I can't say much about their other dishes but anything with their pork or duck is most likely a winner.Never gave any restaurant a review before but this is worth it.  Had Peking Duck course for two and it was worth the money and the harrowing experience we had trying to park and walk through shady areas of Chinatown after dark.Very quick service and friendly people. Try the spicy sauce that sits on the bar with the spoon. Very good!The Prices are slightly higher here but maybe by $.75. Anyhow, the food is delicious as always. Portions are huge and I would very highly recommend the Singapore mei fun. It's cooked right before you and the seasoning is fantastic. But don't leave without getting some duck and roast pork, even if it's to go.After many years living in Philadelphia, this is still my go-to restaurant in Reading Terminal.  Service is fast, food is tasty.Ordering at the counter is a confusing process. Make it a little more obvious where orders are taken, and where to pick up the food.Amazing, huge, cheap noodle bowls.  Quick service.  Wonderful Chinese dishes.  Perfect spot for a gigantic early dinner on a chilly day.  Come with an empty stomach and big appetite!This is the location in Reading Market (they have a larger location in Chinatown proper). Same awesome roast duck and pork but to go (or for eating at their small counter).
The roast duck and pork are the way to go - you can get as a combo together with bok choy or just duck or pork with bok choy (served over rice). They also sell by the pound. I say get the combo - they put rice at the bottom of the take out carton, put the meat and veggies on and then ladle some of the meat drippings all over it. YUM!!!!!
They also have noodle soup, fried rice and other basic Chinese takeout items, which are all fine, but seriously get the duck or pork.Got a half lb of the roasted duck.  It was very good.  Still some fat on it.  I would prefer to cook it more to render all of the fat, but I think that this is the way that it is supposed to come.I own a business in the RTM and have recently discovered the Sang Kee Peking Duck.  I have never been disappointed. Very fair prices for very fresh and tasty food.
I especially like the vegetable soup and the dumpling soup as well as the fried rice and the tasty crispy duck.
They deliver a very tasty meal for a very reasonable price. It makes an easy, tasty take out dinner when you are not inclined to cook at home.My favorite indulgence here is the Duck Noodle Soup. Yes, the duck is slightly greasy but the flavor of the diced pieces of roast peking duck swimming in a flavorful broth and topped off with a slew of noodles makes for a great lunch under $6. 
To add some slight nutritional value, add some bok choy to your soup. 
All in all....absolutely delicious.I went to visit this place because of all the reviews I read but I was a little disappointed! The people who work there were pleasant, the sitting area was nice and clean but my food was served cold! I ordered the duck with stir fried rice and vegetable! The rice was the only item that was hot! If only the entire platter was served hot I'm sure I would have enjoyed it moreI don't freely hand out five stars to hole-in-the-wall ethnic establishments.  However, the dumpling soup I enjoyed on Wed. 4/24 was incredible.  It was steamy hot, dumplings were tender and flavorful and the folks at the counter were super nice.  
I would be hard pressed to get a better meal in Philadelphia for $8 (soup/coke/generous tip).  
Will I eat here again?  YUP!  every chance I get!Hubby got the No. 7.  Roast pork, Peking duck and broccolini over white rice.  Everything was just ok.  Not ugh!, but not wow!, either.  Hubby says would have given a 4, but they microwaved it...I would have given it a 2, but I didn't order it...I ordered Scraple with home fries at the Amish breakfast place-see next review.We came during our trip to Philly based upon the suggestion of close friends. We were blown away by the roast duck served with plum sauce- best Peking duck I've ever had in my life! We ordered 1/2 a duck, and a man behind the counter immediately took one off the rack and chopped it up and served it to us immediately. We were a little disappointed at first that at this location there is no bao available to eat with the duck, but the plum sauce and meat itself were so good we didn't even miss the bao. The skin is perfectly crispy, and the meat is perfectly tender, juicy and flavorful. We liked it so much we came back the next day! 1 star off because the second time around the duck was not warm, but was still super tasty. 
We also tried the duck wonton noodle soup- very good! Pieces of duck served in a hot broth with dumplings, egg noodles and green onion. Delightful, especially on a rainy day!
We are definitely coming here next time we visit Philly!Wow!!! This place has it right. Delicious food, awesome service, fun, and the right price!The food was cold and our duck was nothing but bone with a little bit of meat. Better off going somewhere else to eat at the market.I have not tried the main restaurant on 9th street, but I will say that the shrimp low mein I got from the reading terminal location was very good. I will have to try the restaurant soon. I gave this review 3 stars, because the service could have been better.I would contest the one $, however, it's worth every penny. Absolutely the best Peking duck in the city and perhaps the entire mid Atlantic region. 
I know it gets a bad rap for trying to serve several different East Asian cuisines under one roof,  but they do all their dishes very well. 
My parents crave this place everytime they visit and it satisfies everytime. One of my best friends who grew up in the city introduced it to me. It's been their go to place for decades. I always recommend it to friends.This was one of my go to places in the Terminal. This past experience (last week) was not a good one. I ordered shrimp fried rice spicy with extra onions and a shrimp roll. I received 4 shrimp with rice and burnt onion. My shrimp roll was shrimp less and recooked. Unfortunately I was on my lunch and unable to return and complain.  
I will give this place another try in the near future, but right now I literally have a bad taste in my mouth.I only had the egg roll and peking duck roll, and it was pretty good. I was happy to order 2 items and only pay $3.50. The service was pretty fast, considering there were a few people in front of me. I would come here again and order a meal.We called here and ordered their Peking Duck for take out. The place was very crowded last night and supposedly they ran out of ducks and we got the last one in stock. The duck itself was very tasty and the "pancakes" were pretty decent as well (but I still think I like the steam buns better). We also had the stir fry dish of string beans and duck meat, and that was also pretty good. Would probably visit again if in the area.; food is definitely authentic here.This place was great inside the market. Peking Ducks were hanging and I had to try some. I opted for something small. Peking Duck roll! What flavor bursted out of this small roll. The duck was juicy and flavorful. Next time I come I'll have to try more duck. Till next time...Kinda rude/brusque. The duck has bones on it, so be careful while eating. Rice comes with duck fat on top. Greasy but flavorful. You only get six thin pieces with the duck-rice-veg meal. It's good, don't go when there's a long line. I ate at the counter and they had chili garlic oil which is the bomb. I would go again. Maybe I would go to their location that has sit-down tables.Cheap, fast Chinese food.  Stay with the duck, pork, and soy chicken.  The spare ribs have too little meat.  The soups, and bok choy, or Chinese broccoli are definitely a bargain.  If the quality of the meat was just a little higher this would be a real street food gem.  I do love the Reading Market--A Philly tradition!We had tried the Peking duck roll. The price was pretty decent. After we ordered, the lady took it out from the microwave. As far as taste, I didn't like it. It tasted like paper to me, but everyone else said it was deliciousI walked around all of Reading Terminal Market and came back to this place for the duck, wonton, noodle soup and added bok choy for the win. I was excited when the cook took out the noodles and cooked them in hot water in front of me. He grabbed a half duck and chopped it on a large cutting board, then tossed some wontons into the bowl and topped it all with hot broth from a boiling pot in the back. I loved the theatrics of it all. So, I didn't mind when I was charged an additional $3 for the bok choy, but after all that it didn't matter because the soup tasted bland in the end. It was a good portion, but left me unsatisfied and disappointed. I even considered getting more food from a different stall because I felt robbed of my experience.We walked over to Reading Terminal Market and after walking around a bit we opted for the duck at Sang Kee Peking Duck.
There were two stools available and we ordered a couple of bottles of water, a Peking duck roll, duck with rice and vegetables, and duck with noodles. 
The Peking duck roll was delicious but right when I bit into it juice streamed down my chin and all over my shirt. I smelled like the duck and five spice until I finally got into our hotel room and could change.
Our entrees were both delicious and very good portions. The duck was tender and flavorful in both dishes but the noodle dish was a little strong for my taste.Duck was pretty decent - and I'm a fairly picky. I prefer the fluffy bread like bun with duck over the tortilla style which they have here, but I thought it was still good. The restaurant was fairly full while we were eating and the food was arriving very slowly. The seafood soup, char siu pork were among the more delicious dishes we ordered along with the duck. We were a large group and didn't order enough duck (it takes a long time) so just something to be aware of...This food was so good. I've been to Philadelphia and hadn't made it to the market. I saw that this place was highly suggested on an Eater list and several other blogs so I figured I'd try it. The food was great. I got the roasted duck and pork, with fried rice, and boy choy. The service was quick and the food was delicious. I didn't enjoy that the meat was not warmed, I'm not sure why. It didn't take away from the deliciousness, but definitely an observation. The Bok Choy was cooked well, steamed, not over drowned in any sauce or seasoning. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves good duck!Review only for Reading Terminal location*
We went there on a Monday around 3pm. No line, yay! Ordered & got food in about 5mins. They chop up the meat fresh to order. Always ask for extra sauce all over. It was good but Chinatown location is so much better! Based on getting it To-go for from both locations.Do yourself a favor and stop wandering around RTM waiting hours for a so-so pork sandwich. The duck here is phenomenal. I say this as someone who has been to China and eaten duck from highly rated stores there. The pork is also sooooo juicy and tender. Wow, I'm getting hungry writing this. Going to go get some duck at Sang Kee now. 
PS do not go to the Sang Kee in University City, that one is not as good as the ones in Chinatown.