Loved the food and atmosphere!
Instead of charcoal under the grills they use specially compressed coconut.  Behind the bar they have a massive coconut bin for using fresh.  The rice was perfectly cooked, moist, and infused with coconut.  Their spices are made in house, and are very flavorful.  Everything can be made halal; they asked if we wanted our tofu cooked on a separate grill than the meat.  The food is straightforward, bursting with Malaysian flavor, and what I would describe as "clean" food.I lived in Singapore and moved back to Philadelphia a few years ago. I tried all the "Malaysian" restaurants in this area - no place in Philly reflected true Malaysian/Singaporean cuisine - until now!!! Here I was able to order real nasi lemak! Awesome beef rendang too LAH! Extremely happy that this place opened - now I just have to hope they open for lunch and also start selling sambal and kaya to go!!!! Highly recommend - had a fantastic dinner.The meat is great.  I highly recommend getting the beef, chicken, and the pork. The pork is the most flavorful of the three. A little pricey but totally worth it.  The coconut toast is a great way to end the meal if you are in Philly go here.Our new favorite spot! Food was delicious! Right mix between flavor and heat. My favorite was the pork dish and the rice with nuts that comes wrapped in a plantain leaf.The food was good, but just good- I had higher expectations for the skewers. The portions were small and the beef dish with coconut was amazing. And it's BYO. The staff was young and not helpful for some crazy menu item namesIf you don't love this place, you probably don't appreciate authentic Malaysian food. 
We've been in the States 9 years since we moved from Singapore, and have been searching high and low for a legit Malaysian / Singaporean cuisine.  We've lived in SF, LA, NYC... And finally, we had found THE PLACE, right here, in Philly! 
At first we were skeptical, but the simplicity of the menu really caught our eye - a restaurant that actually specializes, instead of offering pad Thai in a Malaysian restaurant, like most places do.  We ordered Nasi lemak, Mee Hoon Goreng and toast + soft boiled eggs (our few favorites from home).  When they arrived delicately packed in banana leaf, we knew this was going in the right direction.  
At first glance the meal looked simple.  Once we took a bite, it took us 9000 miles back home!! The sambal was to DIE for.  I almost felt tears in my eyes thinking about the mornings my mum would buy these for breakfast (yes, we do eat these things for breakfast), and I would always smear chilli all over my rice before drowning the meal with my Teh-O (also available in the restaurant!).
The best part is, the heart and soul of everything you eat (including the sauces) are curated by the owner, using her grandmother's recipes.  It doesn't get more authentic than this!
Obviously we ordered another serving of the mee Hoon. Just too good.
We love this place and are so disappointed that it was a 2 hour drive away... But regardless, we are looking forward to return! 
Angie, stay true to your roots and keep this place authentic! We love your food, you definitely do your grandmother proud :)This is my new FAV spot! Try everything. Your plate will always be flavorful and super delicious. My wife and I can't believe we have not heard of this place before. Hidden gem in Passyunk. Go again and again. Great service and atmosphere.Came here on a casual and cute date night. We loved the food but I found it a bit pricey for servings and food type.
The satay was great! Everything we ordered was gone within minutes and the peanut sauce was amazing. The only thing for me was that I am used to street food like this being quite cheap, whereas I found it too expensive for such small orders.
We also ordered the Kerabu (nice refreshing salad), Rendang (great great, well flavored, must get), Nasi Lemak, Nasi Ulam (the sambal was very spicy for me, but I'm not great with spice. Either way, rice dishes were delicious).
Additionally, we got the stingray special and the order was HUGE. We ended up bringing most of it home, as we were full off of our other dishes.
Overall, good food and would come back, but I'm not running.Rare occurrence of a Malaysian Kopitiam in Philly!
Had the chicken satay, beef rendang and vegetable achar. Rice cakes (ketupat) not available that night.
The ice lime tea was ok (a bit weak on the lime juice) but overall it was an enjoyable evening with pretty tasty food. The beef was well cooked, tasted similar to readings I've had in KL, Bali and was not spicy at all (tasted more sweet than anything). Achar was lightly pickled and consisted of carrots and cucumbers (covered in a peanut sauce??) - could do with a bit more variety in vegetables (cabbage, cauliflower, green beans? etc).
The dining room got very busy and loud as the night progressed and most of its tables could seat two to four people (could have handle larger groups at a pinch) but the dining room didn't look that large overall.
It is a BYOB restaurant (being a Halal friendly restaurant) so no pork or alcohol on the menu.
Overall, pretty good rendition of Malaysian hawker food, pricing is about right given we're in East Pussyunk and let's face it, good South East Asian food in the USA is not that easy to find (amongst Cantonese and western/pan-Asian food options out there). Worth a visit if you're looking to try South East Asian food!We had a sensory delighting brunch this past Sunday.  Blazing flavors of coconut, chile, crunchy fried anchovies and peanuts nestled inside a banana leaf.  Streamlined modern vibe and a strong cup of coffee to boot.  We'll be returning!It's taken me a while to getting around to trying SK, but damn it was worth it. I was a tad hesitant, because reading through the menu nothing really jumped out at me. The names and descriptions of the dishes really don't so it justice. 
It's a BYO, and we were seated quickly on a rainy Saturday night. The place smells wonderfully of grilled meats. The lighting is great, definitely not like one of those super dark wannabe NYC clubs. Service was a little uncoordinated, but to be fair it seemed like they got slammed with walk ins very suddenly and were not staffed to meet that influx. But they were apologetic and clearly trying their best. 
The food was killer. We had the pork skewers, rendang, and bungkhis. All were amazingly flavored, not too spicy, and just the right amount of food for two people to feel full. I think all of that was like $40 + tax and tip.  Totally on point for two people. 
SK is definitely kid friendly while simultaneously being a good date spot. 
SK congratulations on the James Beard Award! Keep it upI never leave Yelp reviews but everything at Sate Kampar was amazing!!! We got the nasi lamak bungkus. Oh my goooood. Definitely spicy, but so delicious if you can handle the heat. The anchovies add a surprising texture--they're crunchy! 
Monday nights from 8-10pm are sate happy hour. $15 for 10 sticks. We got goat and beef. Get the goat. You won't regret it!!! Beef was okay, a little too well done for my taste, but the goat. Guys. The goat. I really can't stop talking about the goat sate skewers. SO GOOD.
The pulled iced tea and cham were excellent! I can't remember what our dessert was called, but it was the perfect ending to a delicious meal. The wait for the dishes is a little long, but it was 100% worth it. I'll probably be back every Monday!!First visit, food and service spot on.
I had Babi Saté Malaka and Nasi Ulam. I had half of my wife's Mee Hoon Goreng Bungkus. New flavors for both of us, and we'll be back.
My wife is a somewhat picky eater and even she loved her selections. Fortunately, she never finishes her food, so I got to double down. 
--Fantastic!   The braised beef with coconut is delicious and the wings are the best.  Skewers are good but entrees are the way to go!   The spicy kale salad was also yummy.Called the restaurant and got a voicemail with their hours saying they were open and do not take reservations. Took a 20 minute taxi down to the restaurant to find out they were closed for a private event. There is no website. Please be aware that you can never know with certainty this restaurant will actually be open. Horrible. Go at your own risk. Buyer beware.Service was really, really slow. I think we waited forty minutes for about five dishes. I don't think the waiters were at fault so much as the kitchen was slow and the waiters were overburdened. The restaurant was only 3/4 full. I'm not sure why they don't hire more people.
The dishes themselves were small and not very filling. I'm a vegetarian, so we ordered a few vegetable dishes with a side of rice, and it seemed like they just gave us a bunch of produce from the grocery store with some sauce on the side. I left full but not satisfied.A very nice restaurant with a cozy vibe and terrific, friendly service: u-shaped bar in the center of the room, open kitchen with grills toward the back.
We stopped in for a quick dinner, ordering the Sambal Wings (special), which were awesomely spicy, fried wings with minced cucumber, and the everyday Nasi Lemak Bungkus, which was, as self-described, "a fragrant, flavorful, magical packet of malaysian awesomeness! coconut cream-soaked rice topped with sambal, roasted peanuts, crispy anchovies and hard-boiled egg, all neatly wrapped in afresh banana leaf."
Will definitely return.Quite an unexpected place to find Hainanese pork satay - halfway around the world from the SE Asia: very close to the original version in Melaka, Malaysia where the owner comes from. The pork satay is sweet, the pineapple/peanut sauce is tangy - odd combo, but the taste works very well together. Eat the satay with sliced cucumber/shallot and rice dumpling to complete the experience. 
There are other Malaysian food in the menu if satay isn't your thing. I tried the nasi lemak with fish soufflé - the fish soufflé is pretty darn good while the nasi lemak was just OK for me.
This place also serves a mean version of the tea/coffee of any combinations available in Malaysia/Singapore (the menu has an extensive explanation with picture of what each combination consists). The owner told me that the tea/coffee are specially imported directly from Malaysia. Hint: the owner are pretty knowledgeable about authentic Malaysian food/drink and are willing to explain to you if you have any questions or just to talk about it in general (maybe when they're not busy - I've tried to always visit during non-peak days/hours)
The restaurant itself isn't very big, so be prepare to wait if you come to the weekend. I'll definitely try to make the weekend brunch 1 of these days whenever I'm back in Philly.
Just like everything else in this area, finding parking is quite an adventure by itself, especially in the weekend. 
All and all, a good place to get authentic Malaysian food in the area although the price isn't the cheapest compared to other Malaysian places in other cities - it's the price to get items with authentic taste that aren't available on those other places.Mouthwatering authentic Malaysian street food! It is a true taste of home! Highly recommend the nasi lemak bungkus, rendang daging (slow-cooked braised beef), sate kajang chicken and beef! The teh tarik goes well with the meal! Can't wait to go back for more!!!I am a lucky duck to have experienced the best of Malaysian food, having lived in the country for several years.  It's a savory cuisine with a mix of thai, indian, indonesian, chinese influence, and those who have enjoyed Malaysian food, always go out of their way to seek it.  Malaysian food is not easy to cook, given the variety of ingredients and richness of aromatic spices used in the cuisine. 
I was super excited to try out this place. I figured given their limited menu, that means they are mainly focused on their specialties - so my enthusiasm peaked. 
Overall, food was OK. Passable, but disappointing.  I can barely taste the coconut in the rice, the sauces were less aromatic, spices were watered down.  Not rich in flavor.  Portion sizes were tiny compared to the prices charged. 
The Teh Tarik tasted watered down, compared to the real thing.
It's a good introduction to Malaysian food, and it's worth checking out for the adventurous eaters.This place is a great and unique option on East Passyunk Ave. We have been there a few times now and it is always consistently good. I've had the tofu satay, very good, and the pickled veggies (amazzzzing) and a rice noodle dish. There are a few different vegetarian options. Great byob option in the area!I don't have a lot of experience with Malaysian food. I will say from what I can tell though, the food was legit! The flavors were fresh and deep and I'm so glad we tried it. My only caution is that I thought the portion sizes were really small, especially for the satay so order a few things to keep full. Based on their menu and awesome coffee pics, can't wait for them to open a brunch menu! Try this place out and if you are worried about a wait time, then make a reservation ahead of time!The food is so yummy, get the rendang daging. Soooo good! Get a side of rice too :) great service and yummy tea - and it's BYOB!!!Really great food and service. The price was pretty high compared to other Malaysian spots in the city.AMAZING. I've eaten here for brunch and dinner and both times I was very impressed. The food is completely different from anywhere else I've been in the city. Everything is delicious and affordable. You can get a great meal for $10-15 per person and that includes too. The staff is super sweet and graciously answered all of my questions. Will gladly come back.The flavor is similar to any other Malaysian restaurant. The portion size for a weekend brunch is utterly disappointing. Too much white rice and not enough gravy to eat along. One can literally count the few anchovies thrown around with half an egg in Nasi Lemak. One of the very rare disappointing places to eat in Philadelphia.Excellent, authentic cuisine, cool Malaysian street decor, and great service. 
Now I know what my saté has been missing-- love! I may never be able to eat "satay" elsewhere now. We sampled all of the meat-based saté sticks, all wonderfully seasoned and grilled to perfection: crispy outside but juicy inside. Saté kajang was my favorite (try the goat!) but the pork saté malaka was sweet and amazing too. Bungkus (wrap) is a personal choice: I loved the teeny tiny vermicelli of the mild, velvety mee hoon goreng bungkus, but my husband dug into the spicy nasilemak bungkus (spicy rice mixture) and left no traces behind! We shared small plates of rendang daging (beef), which was by far the best we've ever had; and ayam kurma (chicken and potatoes), which was creamy and delicious, with spices reminiscent of India. 
It's byob, and cold lager was a good fit for this menu, although drinking a real coconut looks refreshing too, perhaps with a drop or two of byob rum. Stay and try the yummy, authentic coffee, tea, or milo (chocolate malt) drink, and thick toast smeared in homemade coconut custard. Heaven!Had a great meal here during their opening weekend. I have a feeling this place is going to be pretty popular so was glad to get a table and spend some time talking with our waiter and the owners about their new joint. 
The food was truly outstanding. The flavors were complex and vibrant. All the spices and sauces are home made and the meat is grilled on an open grill using coconut charcoal (don't ask me what that means but it was delicious and smelled amazing). 
The menu is pretty simple but what they do, they do very well. One of the owners said she makes all the spice sauces herself using fresh and often imported ingredients. Honestly, you know it's going to be a special meal when someone puts that much care and attention into what they make. 
I highly recommend this restaurant if you are in search of authentic Malaysian cuisine or if you're just looking for an outstanding, affordable dining experience.Let me start by saying that by no means did I not enjoy Sate Kampar, but I was expecting a whole lot more.  We were seated right away on a busy Saturday night, about 8pm.  Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and explained to us how to read it and how to choose your dishes based on how the menu was laid out. He recommended one "shareable" plate as the "base" of our meal, the plate that would be the largest & most filling. There were two of us and we chose the Otak-Otak Nyonya (a super tasty fish souffle) for $9. Considering we were hungry we also ordered a "personal" plate to share, Nasilemak Bungkust $8 (coconut cream rice, sambal roasted peanuts, crispy anchovies, etc. wrapped in a banana leaf). We also chose 5 goat skewers and 10 pork. Our two dishes came out--if that what you want to call them. The Otak-Otak Nyonya was the fish souffle wrapped in a banana leaf, it was literally the size of a dish sponge, if not smaller--and this was our "shareable" plate. As we tried to evenly distribute the small portion we had to work with between the two of us we also went ahead to reveal the next banana leaf dish, Nasilemak Bungkus--pretty much just some rice thrown into a leaf with some roasted peanuts on top and a hard boiled egg. Luckily, we still had some more food on it's way...the skewers. The skewers were great. They were flavorful and tender, but sadly I didn't spend $60 (this is without alcohol since its BYOB) to eat a bunch of skewers. 
I definitely expected more to this place since I've heard such great things, read a million reviews and walk by to a packed restaurant almost everyday. Sure, I understand the Malaysian 'street-food" culture of small plates & what Sate Kampar was going for, but I certainly don't want to leave a restaurant hungry after 2 plates, 15 skewers and $60 dollars later. #morebangformybuckI actually was really unhappy about the meal I had at brunch. 
I specifically came for some classic dishes I was craving, things with coconut rice, but after 3-4 mentions, we felt persuaded into the "brunch special" instead of the menu items I was eyeing. 
My husband gave in and thought we should also have the brunch special since we were shown that everyone else also had the brunch special. 
When we got it I was disappointed in what was offered at $35. Thimbles of black tea at a time. 2 small bowls of rice. A small 2 spoons of pickled squash (what I thought was originally described as a larger portion of vegetable side or included in the soup. And then the soup itself was large spare ribs but mainly very fatty pieces of meat that had been boiled to tasteless. There was a soy sauce to drizzle over meat which helped, but sad to do that to spare ribs. I'm not a fan of tofu at all, and especially extra firm. The only other items in soup were some button mushrooms and then whole spices. The soup broth was ok but not a soup I wanted as everything seemed flat, one note flavor profile. 
For the "small $35, I'd rather spend $16 at Pho75 and really have a fulfilling and flavorful and fresh meal. 
I really wish we weren't talked out of our original cravings. Next time I'd like to go for dinner and get everything i really wanted. It was a 5star meal the first time we had dinner here.Malaysian street food on passyunk avenue- had to give it a try! It's a BYOB so husband and I stopped by the bottle shop for dinner. We had lamb beef and chicken skewers. I honestly was not a fan of the lamb but it may just be my personal preference (chewy and fatty). The skewers were well made and the decor of the restaurant was laid back. There is a bar there for coffee drinks and would love to try it soon. Staff were polite and were really interested in feedback. I did find the skewer portions were small for the price so I wouldn't be able to make this my weekly spot - will be back for the coffee drinks and ambiance however.GO IMMEDIATELY! I had dinner here last night for probably the tenth time since they opened. This place is a GEM, completely undervalued on the Avenue. My boyfriend and I were the last table (we sat down with a bottle of wine around 945 pm) and despite the fact that they are open til midnight, we were the last table! 
As vegetarians, we frequently order the tofu satay (peanut sauce is on point!) And the Kerabu salad to share...they are perfect together (esp with my new favorite purple drink I talk about below) ... the specials all sounded Amazing but no meat for us... 
We got to sample some special drinks from the bar and oh my word if you are seeking a refreshing summer drink STOP IN NOW-- they have this incredibly fresh butterfly pea drink that CHANGES COLOR with the squeeze of a lime-- and a coconut one that literally feels like its healing your sunburn from the inside out. 
ALSO, the Kopi (coffee and evaporated milk) and Chan (coffee tea milk) are Amazing. If you have dinner definitely get a tea or coffee at the end!
5 stars - Feel the Love - family run - Delicious 
(But like, I totally couldnt take my parents here because they have a more "traditionally American palatte" and are the kinda ppl who shy away from "exotic flavors" -- this is to say I BET the only reason sate doesnt have 5 stars on average is because of people like my parents just completely missing the obvious awesomeness of this menu and staff)
ENJOY!!!Came here because it is a James Beard semifinalists for best new restaurant in America 2017. I was not disappointed! Although... I was sad to find out was there are no skewers for lunch. We tried 4 of the 6 lunch options and loved them ALL. I crave their coconut rice!!! Can't wait to come back for dinner to try the skewers.Had the chicken kajang which was really good. The pickled veggies were also good (ku-mah's achat). Also had Mee hoon goreng bungkus and nasi lemak bungkus which was my favorite. Comes served in a banana leaf with crispy anchovies. Definitely a great place to try if looking for something different and unique.An authentic Malaysian restaurant pouring out food prepared with love and passion , from homemade peanut and chili sauce the freshest ingredients it's worth a try to all adventurous patrons. Must try dishes are goat sate , rice with anchovies , beef rendang , and the desert with palm liquor . The passion is ultimately proven with the fact that they import there fuel for the grills directly from Malaysia, look around and you find artifacts from Malaysian street vendors !  Next open true robata grill which Philly is lacking !OH. MY. GOSH. This was so very delicious. The flavors and the aroma and the vibe...so excellent. The way the textures and flavors play out in all of the dishes is just divine. We were on our way to a movie but after my first bite I really just wanted to stay longer and try most things on the menu. The place is great...small... but chicken grills perfectly in an open kitchen and fills the space with the enticing aroma of everything that's good. Of course the sate is delicious with the perfect peanut dipping sauce. But most of the menu is served in handwoven cocunut leaf packets. Fish, peanuts and sauces and chicken, pork, pickeled veggies, curries..I could go on and on. AND...it's a byob. I'm going back..maybe even tomorrow. I would give five stars...but it took pretty long for our food and two of our orders didn't make it to the table. That was disappointing. But the food wasn't. Believe me. (We dined early..5:30 6:00ish. It was already crowded. This place doesn't take reservations so if you want a table, you might need to expect a wait. But it's worth it.)If there was a zero rating option I would pick that. it took 45 minutes to get my food all I order was a tiny little stick of meat that would take 3 minutes to prepare. These people are amateurs.I really enjoyed Sate Kampar, the staff was excellent in dealing with extreme food ordering preferences (gluten free, dairy free, sugar free, everything free, etc) and there were a number of options that satisfied my needs.
Great strong coffee, wonderful service, intimate setting. Sate Kampar is a great spot for a date or to meet up with a friend for meat on a stick. I'll definitely be back.Invades your senses the minute you walk in. The favors are well balanced, food is beautifully presented. We had the Achat (pickled veggies), Otak-Otak (fish soufflé with kaffir lime leaves and coconut cream steam in a banana leaf), goat sate, and pulled tea (much tastier and less sweet than Thai tea)!
Wonderful meal and great service- very friendly and helpful in choosing menu items.This place is such a hidden gem in Philly. I came here on a Saturday morning and it just so happened to be there brunch time. The brunch menu offers a good selection of dishes and the prices are amazingly cheap! I kid you not, this place is the BEST place for tourists and customers to get their bang for their buck. The brunch menu had dishes priced at $7 to $9. Literally everything was less than $10. Anyways I ordered the nasi ulam, nasi rendang bunkus and mee hoon goreng bungkus. All the dishes were great and so flavorful. They do have a spicy kick to it from the sate sauces, but all is worth it. Absolutely delicious and filling.
There is ample seating all around the restaurant and one can even eat at the display window area. The staff are also super friendly and happy to explain the menu in further detail if needed. Seriously, people need to start eating here.Love Sate Kampar, but I've been a bit more wary of eating here due to inconsistency. 
We usually get a flight of skewers (goat is the best imo), the coconut rice with the braised meat- rendang. But the rendang texture has been inconsistent every time we've gotten it. Flavors are still good for the rest of the food. 
Drinks: Cham is amazing, hot and cold. Usually I get it cold, perks me up nicely and has amazing flavor. Also love the straight up coffee. 
Definitely check it out, it is still my boyfriend's fav go to restaurant and I still enjoy it every time we go!Authentic mom and pop SE asian joint.
Limited menu but everything is done close to perfection. I've tried almost everything on the menu over 5 visits and have not had a bad dish.
Things I liked: 
BYOB, kid friendly, friendly staff, flavorful without being over-powering.Delicious! Went with a group of friends and it was a great experience trying about 75% of the menu.   Not a ton of options but everything was great.  A lot of vegetarian and vegan options without sacrificing taste. Service was great.  We brought wine and added the berry liquor as a mixer. It was delicious.  Great atmosphere and fun to see the open air kitchen.Sate sate sate!! It's my favorite. Tender and flavorful varieties of protein. My toddler loves this place.The most authentic Malaysian food I have had in the US. Not your run of the mill variety. The menu is concise with a good assortment. We had the pleasure of speaking with the owner and chef Angie. Her passion for food is very apparent. The details in the quality and authentic ingredients makes this restaurant a 5 star.Overrated. We were super disappointed after we were told how good this place was. Every dish we had lacked flavor. One and done hereI knew I had to pay Sate Kampar a visit when I saw the array of charcoal-grilled sate and beef rendang on the menu. I went with a friend for dinner around 6:30pm on a Sunday night. The restaurant was not crowded, so we were quickly seated.  We started with 5 sticks of sate kambing. The meat paired with the accompanying chili peanut sauce was a tasty, satisfying appetizer. The waiter kindly left the sauce when he took away our empty plate. Then came the nasi lemak bungkus and rendang daging. The nasi lemak bungkus is meant for one person, a fancy bowl of rice to eat with side dishes. The rendang was fragrant, rich with the sweetness of coconut milk with a subtle touch of warm spices. Swirling the rendang and chili peanut sauce into the rice made each mouthful absolutely amazing.
This time I didn't have the room in my stomach for as many dishes as I would've liked. So, I'll be back to try the drinks, the nightly specials, and definitely more sate!Great addition to the neighborhood! My husband and I were not sure what to expect at a Malaysian restaurant but the staff did a great job explaining the food and how the menu worked. We tried both types of sate, one had a slightly spicier peanut sauce which I loved. We tried both asi rice dishes which were probably our favorite dishes of the night. They were good on their own but even better accompanying the meat dishes. The spicy asi lem rice was topped with crunchy anchovies. It may sound questionable but it was delicious! Another highlight was the rendang beef. It was very flavorful and super tender. We ordered the ketupat which looked very impressive but was not our favorite. Sate is BYO but if you forget beverages there is a bar across the street and The Bottle Shop just up the street. We will be back.Nice atmosphere. We ordered pretty much half of the menu. The only thing i would skip is the dumplings which didnt really feel like dumplings, just a brick of dense rice. But the skewers and meat dishes were all solid. Eat the skewers as soon as they come out cuz if they get cold they get gross. Honestly for the amount we ordered the price was great. We would come back again.I really wanted to like SK, I really did. 
But I ended up loving it. I just wasn't ready for that kind of commitment, but as Fate would have it, we even have the same last initial (stop reading if you don't believe in these signs).
I've spent a lot of time in Malaysia, visiting my sister who lived in suburban Kuala Lumpur for eight years. Over the years, I came to love the Malaysian flavors, customs, traditions, even their superstitions (you don't flip over the whole fish while eating it; it's a foreboding of the flipping over of the fisherman's boat!). SK brings all that I love about Malaysia to the eastern seaboard of the United States. 
Beef rendang is a Malayan classic stew that needs to be slow cooked for hours and hours to achieve the right level of tenderness, succulence, and flavor. Just like you can't hurry love, there's no shortcut to the perfect rendang. SK serves the rendang Bungkus style (wrapped in a banana leaf) for brunch, and the regular rendang daging for dinner. Also, if you're here for brunch and want a very tasty wake-up jolt, have a cup of Cham (ginger-infused black tea, coffee, condensed milk). 
Try one of their whole fish specials for dinner, but don't flip the fish over! 
Well, I'm not moving to Philly in the foreseeable future, so this will have to continue to be a long distance relationship. 
Hope that's OK with you, SK.
Love,
KKAmazing! Easily the best Malaysian food I've had, on par with the best meals I had in Malaysia while on vacation in 2005. I highly recommend the Otak-Otak Nyonya, the Nasilemak Bungkus, and the Sate Kajang Ayam. 
Sate Kampar is definitely one of the best Southeast Asian restaurants in the Philadelphia area.  Consistently good also. Been to Sate Kampar several times now, and the food hasn't disappointed me in any way so far. Service is good, the interior is clean, unique, and well kept. The owners are super nice too.So authentic it's even better than what you can find in Malaysia. Singaporean here, but my Malaysian friends say the same. The satays are grilled with charcoal from coconut shells, sambal is the real deal, coffee and tea are basically what you will get at a really good Malaysian kopitiam. Owner is really passionate about the food, which is not something you can find everywhere.We got takeout here and were really impressed by the freshness and interesting coconut, lime, chile, charbroiled flavor combinations running through each dish. Very simple menu, with some strange sounding dishes. Word to the wise that the beef and chicken mains do not come with rice whatsoever. This place appears reasonably priced but can add up, take out for two will be roughly $40. That being said my bf and I love trying new cuisines and it's a good date spot for adventurous eaters.We had a great dinner outing at this Malaysian street food restaurant.  The sate a staple in Malaysian cuisine were A+ and so were all other items. ( we ordered every item on menu including dessert). We wish the owners John and Angela much success and we will be regulars there.This place is so good it is difficult trying new places! Been here multiple times. The goat satay is the best ! Can't go wrong with byob !I am very disappointed about the food there especially I had high expectations before walking in. First of all, I do want to admit that their service is excellent and the waiters are very helpful. This review is purely focused on the food taste not anything else. We ordered a bunch of stuff shared among us three - goat skewer, beef skewer, nasi banana leaf and mee hoon goreng wrap. They all taste a bit sweet to me. Another thing I want to mention is that the portion of this place is too small and we did not feel full after finishing all dishes. If u expect to have a feast, this might not be the best place. I do not know if it is just me not getting used to Malaysian food taste or they just did not do it right. On top of that, they charge way too much for rice which does not make sense to me ... Overall, pretty disappointed!Sate Kampar was my first incursion into authentic Malaysian food. The staff was very friendly and helpful when it came time to choose the type of dishes we tried. I highly recommend the chicken or beef sate and a little spicy dish called Nasi Lemak! You can't go wrong either way! I will definitely be back when I'm in Philly again.Why put online you close at 10pm when you stop seating at 9:30. 
First time here was fine. Good fresh crabs but priceyBeing in the US for about 5 years now, I've travelled to many cities across the country and tried many Malaysian restaurants : in hopes to find a place that could represent the food I grew up with.
Finally, I found Sate Kampar. That made nasi lemak as how it should be served, with all the ingredients and presentation spot on. 
Otak-Otak is very hard dish to create, Sate Kampar definitely did an excellent job on it.
Kampar is a small town in Ipoh, Perak Malaysia. A hometown that I visit very often as I was growing up. I hope everyone could enjoy the authentically made dishes here.
The menu might be limited and a lil pricy for its portion (because Malaysian food is suppose to be cheap) but because they specialize in those dishes, you will get the quality and authenticity out of the dishes.
Good Job Sate Kampar!Coming here is an absolute pleasure every time. The staff is friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. The owner, Ange, always makes it a point to come out, say hello, and chat with guests. The sate, any kind, is a always a must-have. The rendang daging (braised beef in spices and coconut cream) is just perfect. It is jam-packed with flavor and cooked to perfection. Another one of my favorites is the ayam kurma (braised chicken and potatoes in coconut cream sauce.) It gives this comforting, warm feeling and the coconut flavor is present but not at all overpowering. I highly recommend getting an order of the achat (pickled vegetables) for the table, the flavor is out of this world and it makes a great side. They also have an adorable bar area and I HIGHLY recommend trying one of their kopi (coffee) or tea drinks. What I like most about this place is that I learn something new every time I come in. The owner will tell you a little history about the dishes served or where the day's fish came from. I had never had any kind of experience with Malaysian cuisine before my first time here, and I'm slowly making my way through the menu, which does a great job of describing the dishes and breaking down ingredients in the drinks. I'm not from the area but I make sure to stop in every time I'm around.Horrible service, disrespectful workers, utterly disgraceful to the Malaysian community. Everything in there are not naturally made.Best Malaysian food I've tried in USA.... It is a small and limited menu... But everything is good....Have been here three times now and I think I love it more each time. My go-to order is the tofu Sate Kajang (skewers) and the Nasi Lemak Bungkus (their "magical pocket of Malaysian awesomeness"). The peanut sauce with the skewers is amazing. This time I also had a kopi (coffee with condensed milk), and we shared the dessert I forget the name of -- but is described as a tapioca-texture pearl pudding with coconut cream and coconut sugar. SO GOOD. The staff are always helpful and explain the menu very well. Always a pleasant dining experience with nice aesthetics and well-timed service. Highly recommend checking it out.Great parking for a saturday night, but be sure to bring quarters for the meter.  Friendly staff. Slow service :(  cheap food. If you dont like spicy food, go elsewhere or ask for non spicy dishes.It took them 30 minutes to prepare 5 pieces of chicken saté!!!
After waiting 25 minutes, someone came to apologize and admitted their coals were no longer hot and that's why it took so long. (So why did they not say saté was no longer an option.) I ate those fairly insipid pieces of chicken with great distrust because they were not even close to being crispy. The sauce was good, the chicken and the marinade, not so much. The best thing I had there was their pulled tea. They apologized at the end again and gave me a $3 discount on a very overpriced meal. All in all, neither the tea or the discount made the place a worthwhile stop for me.Amazing food, great prices. Every single thing we've tried here was delicious, but the dish I can't stop thinking about is the rendang daging; beef, slow cooked for 6 hours in an incredibly flavorful sauce. It's a must order!I've been to this restaurant at least five times since it opened. This BYO is a great addition to the Avenue. I wasn't particularly familiar with Malaysian food and the waitstaff are super helpful at navigating the menu. I've gone with both vegans and omnivores- everyone finds plenty that they enjoy. My favorites are the rendang (beef), the papaya salad, and some little pocket of delicious rice with anchovies (can't remember the name!).A great small place with an open kitchen. Great for sharing and trying a slew of different sate. In addition, the wings and vegetable salad is full of flavor - sweet and savory.This place is the bomb dot com.  The food is delicious and fresh, with a real diversity of flavors, even among the rice dishes.  My buddy and I were here for brunch/lunch this Saturday and I still can't stop thinking about this place more than a day later.  I wanted to go back for breakfast this morning!  The staff are kind and solicitous and obviously take pride in their food and their service.  The decor is beautiful--rustic-chic and comfortable. 
We ate from the lunch menu (no sate, just rice and vermicelli dishes) and had the Nasi Lemak Bungkus (salty, fishy, SPICY deliciousness over rice), the Ayam Kurma (peanuty, creamy chicken and potato over rice--yum), and the Nasi Ulam (toasted fish bits and coconut flakes with spicy samba over rice, and a satisfyingly crunchy bean sprout salad on top--our favorite).  We also tried the Mee Hoon Goreng Bungkus, which was perfectly good but the least flavorful dish of them all--probably a good choice for a less adventurous eater, or someone with sensitive taste buds. 
BYO. 
Great tea and coffee drinks.  My dining mate and I had a delicious pulled tea with condensed milk, for the road.  It's fun to watch the staff make the tea and coffee--a beautiful, labor intensive process.  
We were very happy with our experience here and look forward to returning very soon!Was craving skewers last night so we had to pay a visit. It was packed for a Friday night. The restaurant is pretty small and had a good amount of staff working but service and food was a bit slow..
We ordered two entrees (a fish dish & thin noodle dish) and 15 skewers. We ordered the skewers once we got there then decided on our entrees and ordered. Surprisingly, our entrees came out first then skewers a few minute after. The food was really good. However, the fish dish (forgot the name) was very very small. I imagined that to be a little bigger. The thin noodle and skewers were a good portion besides the fish.
Parking can be a pain in a butt especially on a weekend. So be mindful that you might go in circles unless you're lucky and find a spot right away. Definitely recommend coming back for more food and trying other Malaysian dishes.Incredibly delicious food. Friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive staff. Best coffee I've ever had. Can't say enough about this place!I went here with a group the day after opening and it was AWESOME. The food was tasty and the staff was helpful and ready to educate the diner on Malaysian Street Food. It was overall a great experience and I can't wait to go back.Absolutely fantastic! The skewers, sauces, and rendang daging (slow-braised beef) are bursting full of complex flavors and down-right deliciousness. I'm so used to your usual variety of Chinese, Thai, and Indian flavors, but one cuisine I haven't tried much is Malaysian. This is such a wonderful introduction. I was pleasantly surprised by the subtle coconut notes I got in a lot of their sauces. If anything else, I have to recommend the slow-braised beef...we couldn't stop raving about how interesting and addictively tasty it was.Love it!!!! The food and service here is amazing even though they just opened for 2 and half weeks. Each dish we ordered has its own unique flavor that I've never had before. The owners and severs were very helpful explaining the menu. All of the recipes were passed down from generation to generation. No MSG either. Everything exceeded my expectations. There are only 50 seats in the restaurant. I highly recommend this place to everyone and I have a feeling this place is going to be very popular. So go there while you can still get a spot!!Had dinner a few nights ago for a birthday. It was an ok experience, but honesty left me fairly disappointed. Would probably give it 2.5* if that was an option.
Food itself: 
-Goat/pork sate: Good flavor, if a little gristly. Sauces were good. Really tiny though for the price. Fun sized candy bars, is was I compared it to sizewise.
-Beef Rendang: Very tasty. Great flavor profile. Again, small portion. Also, for $18, it's a little insulting that it didn't come with white rice (which you had to purchase a small 'scoop' of for $2.50).
-Mee Hoon Goreng Bungkus: Tasty, but not too exciting. 90% rice noodles with some egg strips. This one at least was an individual portion, so the size was understandable.
Service was not that great. Our waiter didn't seem to understand a lot of what we said, couldn't describe things well, seemed disorganized & we had to ask for several things twice. Also served us room temp. tap water, which was a little weird (saw another server giving cups of ice with the water, so we asked for that too).
Overall, I'd say the postives were: BYO, good tasting dishes, open kitchen ambiance.
The major negative to me was the price vs serving size. Everything was way too tiny. Spending about $40 a person (w/o drinks or dessert), did not expect to go home still somewhat hungry, but that's what happened.
In the future, probably just going to stick to S. Philly's myriad other (filling) Asian restaurants and don't anticipate coming back to SK...which is disappointing because I really did want to like it more than I did.I loved how unique this place was! The atmosphere is great - I walked in and felt like I was transported to a quaint town in Malaysia. I ordered the Ayam Kurma and the Nasi Lemak Bungkus without the anchovies. The flavor profiles were unexpected and very spicy. The standout of the meal was the Kopi coffee - definitely my favorite coffee in Philly now! The tapioca and coconut palm syrup dessert was phenomenal and I've been craving it again for days since we had it! Highly recommend this place for a one of a kind dining experience - Can't wait to return!Very good food. The tofu was cooked to a crispy deliciousness, and the banana peel rice noodle dish was an incredible taste. Would love to see an even more expanded menu so I could try new things, but what's on there now is great.
Saw the owner being pretty rude to our server twice which was the only negative.Hot and new and just fantastic! Loved the goat satay and the Nasi Lemak. The best!! Try the pulled milk tea too! Dee-lish!4.5* I like the vibe of this place. Staff is friendly and will explain the menu to you. The food is delicious, just make sure to ask about what is spicy. All of our dishes were variable levels of spicy, and I love spicy food but if you don't you may want to ask them to tone it down. 
The menu offers personal plates and shared plates or side dishes. These side dishes are decent sized and would be great as a normal meal if you could order a side of rice to go with it. 
Coffee and tea options are great and delicious, and well explained with a legend on the menu. 
Only con is that you have to order the satay in 5 or 10 sticks and can't mix up the different kinds in that order. 
Overall delicious food, good dining experience.I live in Hong Kong, and trips down to Singapore and Malaysia necessitate many trips to the night markets and hawker stalls that boast the best of the best of Sate. This place lives up to it's name when it brings real deal Sate (skewers of meat such as beef, pork, and chicken) and the famous peanut sauce, which if you've been to Southeast Asia, nearly every different Sate vendor has their own take on the delicious peanut sauce in which you dip your skewers of delectable meat. I mean it's so human, eating meat on sticks... what more could you ask for. 
When coming here, the ambience was nice, the lighting was on the dimmer side, but that definitely did not detract from the experience. We sat at the bar, and was able to get into small talk with the bartender (and our waiter) as we ordered. We ordered an order of chicken and beef, along with an order of the Nasi Lemak Bungkus (a pretty traditional rice with all sorts of goodies wrapped in a banana leaf, trust me just try it.) 
ALERT: Do not forget to enjoy your meal with Singapore and Malaysia's favorite sports drink (and they seriously need it, have you been to Singapore in July, talk about sweating buckets...) called 100PLUS. It's like 2 dollars for a can, but it's so good, you could down at least 5... oh man I miss it already. 
Overall a good experience.