I went to Savas to get pizza from reading the reviews. I ordered a mushroom and sausage pizza, and a strawberry milkshake (extra thick). The pizza was the nastiest pizza I've ever tasted. The milkshake was like strawberry milk. I ordered take out. If I would have been in the store and bit into that mess, I would have given it back. I know it wasn't just me because my nephew didn't like it either.Pizza was super yummy.  We had Savas special, buffalo chicken, spinach ricotta. The spinach ricotta was the best!  So tasty. The cheese steak was dry, bread was hard, not worth it. Go somewhere else for cheese steak.Really nice ambience and relaxing place in University City. Package store on site to purchase beer when the liquor store is closed. Nice bar area if you wanna pop in for a quick drink. Will have to try the pizza next time I stop by.Bad experience for first time order the shrimp Alfredo bad after taste & way too much oil, you can tell it's not fresh like they store buy the Alfredo sauce out a can and the noodles were under cooked also & the salad dressing was not freshly made either and a bit salty with burnt croutons, the waiter who is Caucasian with glasses and black hair was very rude too, when he brought my plate to the table he slammed, he didn't introduce his self and wasn't very welcoming. Never againThe more I order different foods from Savas, the more I am disappointed.
I still give them three stars because I do love the things that I order regularly and I think the service is great.  Unfortunately, the majority of their menu probably merits a two star review.  I'll definitely keep going there, but I won't be trying anything new.Sava's restaurant is a bubbly, youthful college atmosphere complete with dance-y beats and modern IKEA furniture. Although the service is mid-range during quiet hours and a little on the slow/mistake-ridden side during their busy periods, Sava's is a fabulous place to go for both Italian and Greek cuisines. Brick oven style pizzas with interesting and traditional toppings are a staple at this joint, sitting fabulously atop crisp, yet chewy crust that will remind you why your love for pizza began. My only other minor issue with Sava's beyond their somewhat wishy-washy service is the fact that I am loyal to Coca-Cola and they only serve Pepsi products (big whoop, I know; but for some it matters).For takeout, Savas is still good--no complaints about their food, which I enjoy. But eating in is probably not something I would do again. The service is SUPER slow (it took us almost 2 hours for dinner and we're not slow eaters) and the music is weird, loud, and intrusive. As are the multiple TVs at every conceivable angle and the general feeling of a college crowd. If you have some time to kill you can stop by, but it's just not enjoyable to eat in, which is a shame, because it is a nice space, and the food is really good.I've ordered from Savas many times before, and never had any problems with the service or the food until now. I've ordered the coconut shrimp many times before, thought they were great, until the delivery driver gave me shrimp that was quite obviously smaller than they had been the previous times I ordered. I called immediately to seek information, and the first person I spoke to tried to explain to me that if I've ordered at Savas before, then I'm aware of the price of the shrimp. I then explained to him that the price was not in question, but rather the obviously decreased size in the shrimp with zero price change. He then asked if I'd like to speak to a manager, to which I said yes. The manager then explained to me that Savas has been using the same size shrimp since they've opened, which I countered, again, referencing the fact that I have ordered from Savas many times before, and the shrimp were not nearly as tiny as they were today. He suggested he could speak to the supplier, which I agreed to, and also asked if he could have the prices on Grubhub reflect the decreased portion size, at which point he chose to hang up on me. Instead of considering that this one time the shrimp was smaller than usual, he hung up on me. If I weren't a repeat customer, I probably wouldn't have noticed this. Can't say I'm a customer anymore. Completely rude, unprofessional, and disappointing.Pub pizza place in the Drexel and UPenn neighborhood. Needed a late dinner and this was one of the few options around that were available. Got the medium meatlovers stromboli. It took them a little while to make the food, but the stromboli tasted pretty good, with plenty of meat inside. The medium one was plenty of food for me, and my stomach hurt a little after eating the whole thing. the large one would probably be two-three meals for me. My friend got a burger, and he liked too.Lancaster Avenue is up and coming with restaurants and places to buy craft beer. This place is beautiful woth huge screen televisions and a nice place to eat lunch or din din. The price is average and the food is tasty. Found a new place to order from rather than ordering chinese food from the corner places in the hood.Ordered a cheesesteak for takeout. Probably the worst cheesesteak I EVER had. There was little to no cheese and meat was super dry.Pizza sucks. Almost the worst pizza ever. It was very burnt and yucky tasting. I can't believe I paid that much for the crappy pizza and half decent service.Great place to go for a quick lunch. I usually get a slice of pizza and a salad, and its way too much food, and it still comes in under $8. The pizza slices are enough to fill me, which is a hard feat to tackle. I also LOVEEEEE that they accept cards with no minimum!This establishment appeared highly unorganized. As there are two entrances no one seemed to know where to stand to wait, or when to approach the counter and the staff did nothing to clarify this. As for the food, I was confused at how a slice of pizza that took so long to get to me could be so cold, or how garlic knots that come with Parmesan cheese could a) also be cold B) not taste of garlic c) lack Parmesan, and D) not be knots. I was essentially given unadorned  Pillsbury crescents. The staff was nice though.A perfect spot to go to and enjoy lunch & drinks outside under the umbrella on a nice warm day :)It was a hot day, we sat inside to enjoy the AC and huge tv playing music videos...The breakfast menu was as tasty looking as the pies. My personal pizza was amazing, dough was stuff and fluffy with a nice crust. 
Best place to take a large group of friends for drinks and a couple slices.Love their brick-oven pizzas. The crust is crunchy and not too thin or too thick. Savas' decor is contemporary and casual.Had the rodeon is panini at Savas. Overall it was good sandwich, but would have been better if it was fresh.My manager  took me here for lunch on my last day of the job with 8 other people. We ordered the food online and made reservations. When we got here, the restaurant was pretty much empty so our table was already all set up and we were seated immediately. They brought our food out pretty quickly. I am a huge fan of their hummus and pita. Their pita was so warm and soft, and I love that. I'm also a very picky eater and I only eat chicken from the meat selections (I'm picky with the way my chicken is cooked and the way it looks too). Let me tell you, I fell in love with their grilled chicken. It was so tasty and had a hint of lemon in it and that made me love it even more. I will definitely come back here again.I get takeout from Sava's a couple times a week and tend to stick to the wraps and paninis, although their chicken wing bites aren't bad either. You get a good amount of food for the price, and although it is nothing special, I don't come here expecting a 5 star meal. 
They do have a nice variety of beer in the coolers behind the registers, so if you're looking to grab a 6 pack or something when you're picking up your food, this would be a good choice!So you're a college student. You've got the munchies. Maybe had a little maui, but it's late at night and you don't want to walk too far from Drexel campus. Tucked away on a block including Ed's is Savas. You might walk past it thinking it was just a hole in a wall not worth trying, but you step in and see an array of pizzas on display to tempt even the most skeptical of foodies. Try the sausage pizza. You barely can hold it up as the individual slice is so big that it bend under the weight of the crust. The BBQ chicken is equally as delicious. Forget California Pizza Kitchen!
You look to your left. A refrigerator full of beer. All types. You're the true college frat boy and had developed your taste for beer over your many weekends of pong and this is heaven for you after a hard day at the gym. 
Apparently they have more food than just pizza. You'll have to take a look at the menu. I never could look past the pizza! Takes forever to deliver, so just make the journey, step in and buy yourself a pie.I'm so surprised at the rave reviews of this place! We were pretty unimpressed. Run down block, nondescript decor, unenthusiastic service and mediocre food.
My husband's beer was nice and cold as was the water. The menu was extensive but felt a little random. I had the grilled buffalo chicken salad - it was fine, nothing exciting. I asked for the side of roasted potatoes - to me, roasted means nice and browned, a little crispy....these came out swimming in oil with some slice onions rolling about in it. Nothing like I expected. The roll that was served with the salad was tasteless (just as well, less carbs).
My son's Philly Cheese Steak was good as was my husband's wrap, and the fries, while a little on the greasy side, were good.
But there was nothing special here. What were we missing?
We definitely should have gone to a more ethnic location, but we were there and we were hungry!This cute little pizza kitchen seems totally out of place for the location, but its definitely a pleasant surprise! They have a LOT of options on their menu and their breakfast items seem really tempting (Ive only been there for lunch and dinner). Their paninis and wraps are very flavorful. I tried both the southwestern and the garden style and was very satisfied. However, the reason this place gains 4 stars from me is for their incredible HUMMUS AND PITA. As an avid (and quite picky) hummus fan, I have to say hands down its some of the best I've ever tried (including some of the more authentic middle eastern/greek places I have tried). 
Another plus is that its extremely affordable (about $9 a dish with tip). The portions are really big also (especially the quesaidillas). I would recommend trying Savas with a small group when you want to go out for a cheap & casual yet satisfying mealI've been here twice and had the chopped salad with chicken, in my opinion one of the best salads in the area for a good price and portion size! Large menu so there's plenty of options and the staff is always very friendly. Highly recommendI love savas rodeon panini. It's good for people of enjoy sauces. Their grilled chicken is good so I recommend and they thing that has their chicken on it, especially the Caesar salad.  They put a lot of chicken on it. Their pasta can be hit or miss, mostly because they sometimes come out tasting a but bland. I consider savas to be a fancy pizza place. It's has a very lovely look to it. It's a nice place to meet up with someone when you dont want to go to the typical pizza place.Only go if you are willing to wait an hour plus for your food.  
They are never busy, which makes it surprising that they are still in business.  I went there once before, and thought it was decent enough to come back.    We walked in for lunch this Sunday with a party of four.  We placed our order.  All of us got some sort of sandwich.  We waited and waited.  After a half hour, the waitress came over to offer us sodas because we were waiting for a while.   We kept on waiting, and we asked to speak to the manager because there really was no excuse for waiting an hour so far for sandwiches.  He was not very nice, and said there is nothing he could do, making the excuse that the kitchen was backed up even though no one was in the restaurant.  
Perhaps there is a reason why they are never busy... Try somewhere else around University City for better food and faster service.nice ambience (especially the patio), good gyros, pizzas, salads (but avoid the potato skins!)  all this would merit at least three stars from me if it weren't for the rude attitudes of the majority of the waitstaff and the apathetic service they provide. my best recommendation is for you is to take the food to go.The wings are great and it's awesome you can order in 5 count increments!I have had many good meals here but today I was so disappointed. I ordered a Capri panini with avocado instead of mozzarella. When ordered, they didn't tell me they were out of mozzarella so they gave me a sandwich with two slices of tomato and 3 leaves of basil. I called again and asked for extra basil and they sent me 3 more leaves. I am not sure how expensive basil is nowadays (except that it's super cheap) so I think they could've at least given me some basil for my tomato sandwich.The food from Savas is great, but employees were absolutely rude. I witnessed how employees were making fun of customers, which I didn't think much of but definitely pathetic. But to the point, I made an order online for pick up while I was at the restaurant because the line was too long and I couldn't get a hold of the menu. It was my first time there so I wasn't sure what the procedures were after placing an order, an employee at the cash register called me over and told me I should've came up to them earlier to ask for my food bc it's been sitting there for awhile, which I had no idea you had to do that because I heard them calling out #s ( keep in mind it was my first time there, @ around 1:55am ) and i was distracted by my friends but employee continued to say " just a statement, next time if you order a gyro let me know whether you want a lamb or chicken". He gave me an attitude and said " I called your phone many times you didn't answer" ( I received no calls ), and lastly he had the nerve to tell me "You made many bad decisions tonight". Honestly I don't know who he think he is, but i am glad I was with my peers and I was in a very good mood. I decided not to spazz out with comebacks and attitude and not to part take in his shenanigans and to just laughed it off! I feel as though that workers there think too highly of themselves, haha!!! again food was amazing though.My company orders for meetings quite often. I always heard good things so I decided to order for a very important corporate meeting. The food came in the time it was promised. As I began handing out the orders to executives, I started to hear complaints. Half the orders were wrong or missing things which were added or asked not to include. 2 orders of wings were dehydrated. Not even edible! The fries were soggy. Extra meat on sandwiches (which we paid for) was missing. Pita bread was stale. Tomato's were not even close to being ripe. One person got something completely different than what we ordered and another was missing their order all together. I tried to call Savas to let them know about the terrible mess we received and I was hung up on after asking to speak to a manager. I emailed them to voice my issues and asked for a call back. I never received one. A few weeks later, someone from my company attempted to call them to place an order (unaware of the issues I had). Whoever picked up the phone there informed the caller that they no longer deliver to us and hung up. I was blacklisted for having a complaint and rather than trying to keep a good customer by making things right, or even just apologizing, they rather lose out on business. Worst place I have ever dealt with!This place is good bar food, that's really all. The slices used to be huge but recently they're shrunk up, makes me sad. Everything is moderately priced so it's not really worth what you're getting.
My go to however, is delicious. I get a chicken panini, but I replace the honey mustard with the chipotle sauce. Adds a bit of spicey-ness and makes it quite delicious. I still crave that paniniupdate: The service is still horrible....brunch on sunday took 2 hrs....Savas has the best pizza in University City and possibly Philadelphia. If you just want to grab a slice to go, their slices are huge so usually one is enough. My other favorite menu items include their paninis, chicken salads, and fettuccine alfredo. They are a little pricier than other pizza places, but the food is much better quality.Been eating here for a few years now. Everything that I've had was good. The only thing I don't like is their pancakes which are more of a dense and heavy, biscuit consistency.  If you want light and fluffy, these are definitely not for you. I prefer light and fluffy myself and I'm more of an Aunt Jemima girl. Bisquick is not for pancakes!The food is good (particularly the cheesy bacon ranch fries!), but the service is always abysmally slow. It takes at least an hour for all the food to come out, particularly with a full table of 4 or more. The servers are alright though they could be around more and not be talking amongst themselves behind the bar while you're sitting there trying to flag them down for more waterSavas is a little better than your run of the mill college pizzeria in some ways, and in some ways - much, much worse.  
Lets start off with the good.
The beer selection at Savas is really really good.  A great variety that all types of beer drinkers would be able to enjoy.  The same goes for the bar, a good selection with nice beers on tap, not too much to complain about.  
The panini's are awesome; always nice and crispy with plenty of gooey cheese if thats your fancy.  The pizza slices are pretty huge which is always a plus with the college scene.  
The atmosphere is pretty spot on for a college aged customer base, that still sometimes needs to take their parents out to eat.  Music + TV's = a nice atmosphere.
Now for the bad.
The pizza slices may be big, but they are just sort of meh.  Nothing really is separating the pizza from Savas from any take out pizza place, and for a joint that sells so much pizza - thats a bit of a surprise.  Savas also tends to be a little pricey, the taste never quite measures up to the cash you dish out.  But the worst part of Savas HAS to be the servers.  They always seem to have an attitude about them, get distracted really easily, and you and your food are always seemingly at the bottom of the priority list.  Now, I am not talking about when they are behind the counter for take out orders - then they are fine, but as soon as they go from there to the dining area, you get the feeling that they think you are wasting their time by eating in their establishment.  In addition to the lousy wait staff - when you are ordering for take out - best call before you get there to expedite the process, because when I say they are slow, that is an understatement.We ordered 4 pizza's for our daughters birthday; 1 plain, 1 white, 1 pep and 1 margarita.  We called about an hour before we needed the pizza's letting them know the time we would be in.  The expectation is that they don't start to cook the pizza's until the time needed for them to be hot when we arrive.  Unfortunately, I think they started cooking them as soon as we hung up the phone.  The pizza's were cold and flavorless and the cheese had already started to congeal when we opened them up.  We had a party with hungry kids (and adults) and made do.  I hate to complain because it seems silly....but we had expected yummy pizza's and chose Savas based on the good reviews.  Luckily, we had cake to wash down the cold cheese...This place is drawlin. The waitstaff service is pretty great but the management is terrible. They have no control over the restaurant, its like a zoo: people screaming and hollering and falling out of chairs. STAY AWAY!Sorry, Ed's... it's really hard to go back and order there when Savas is next door. The pizza is probably the best I've found in this neighborhood, with a crispy yet chewy crust, and nice flavors--the buffalo chicken is delicious. A little stingy/expensive with the other toppings, but the individual slices are HUGE. Also, they've got great outdoor seating and are open conveniently late.I really enjoy Savas' pizza. It's quality and delicious. But I've decided it's a bit pricey considering it's hanging out in U City.
The best option is to get a specialty pizza. It's way cheaper than paying 1.85 or whatever per topping on a small. But if you have specific wants, your wallet is SOL, because it is better and healthier than other local options (Powelton, Ed's, Ted's), but just not worth it. I also bought hummus here last time I want and they basically covered the inside of the bowl with as little hummus as they could, and I guess called it art.
Bar not open in the day, only beer. They do have oktoberfest. 
My waiter was SUPER inattentive. I actually felt inclined to tip less because he only had two other small tables, and he spent most of his time talking with staff in the next room.
Still beautifully decorated, and the owners might enjoy it if milas ellinka. ;)They have a wide menu but the quality was pretty terrible on everything we ordered. They also made some mistakes on a couple of the items, and their customer service about fixing these mistakes was subpar.Not sure what people are talking about with delivery. I live 8 blocks away and the delivery times are astounding, I'll order a full meal and it'll be here under 15 minutes later every single time. Savas is by far the best tasting and most fresh food on campus!Came here on a Sunday night with some friends. I was surprised that they actually had seating in the back with a bar. The front is set up as more of a pick up. 
We ordered a large cheese pizza, fried calamari, garlic knots and a cheese steak. The pizza was super cheesy but lacked the tomato sauce to compensate. So if you're into cheesy pizza this is the spot. 
The fried calamari was okay. The breading would break off as you dipped it into marinara sauce. The garlic knots were kind of cold but otherwise good. The cheese steak was good.
I'd come back for their pizza and possibly try their wings.Food quality - 4.5/5
Atmosphere - 3.5/5
Price - 5/5
Conclusion: Not a good option if you're looking to just eat quickly for lunch and not be bothered by waitstaff or asked for a tip. Maybe a better option for dinner if you're planning to actually sit down. The best way for me to put it is that I don't have a clue who they're targeting: the music and prices feel like they're trying to reel in college students, but the atmosphere feels like they're trying to be upscale or something (weird to me considering the menu is basically pizza and other fast foodish stuff).
I went to this place for lunch, and to be honest, I probably won't go back again. I may order food for delivery, but that's about all I'd do. This may just be my own personal thing or whatever, but I was kind of annoyed with the service.  I saw "pizza shop, free wifi" and thought, "Oh, okay, I can go and have lunch undisturbed!". NOT TRUE. I think this is probably a good place to go if you feel like sitting down and being waited on and all that jazz, but I really was just looking for a place to sit down, have a quiet and inexpensive lunch, and not be bothered by wait staff or anything. The staff were kind of off-putting and attitudinal, and I think it may be because I got the place wrong and paid in advance and then sat down; I think they were annoyed because they didn't expect me to tip (which is fine, because I was looking for a fast food-ish lunch where I wasn't expected to tip). The prices were good (I think everything was under $10). The food was good in terms of taste, but my french fries were cold.  Also, the music was kind of loud pop music. Not really my thing.This place is absolutely terrible and racist.  The manager and the assistant manager both refused to serve us because "our kind" was not welcomed at the establishment.  We were kicked out forcibly and embarrassed.  I am surprised such an establishment even exists in the North East.  I was very appalled.A great place for a variety of food with a very friendly staff. You can eat in, take out, and also have it delivered. I usually go for the burgers or wraps, but I must say the baked ziti is pretty good, and I won't say that about many take out spots in the city in regards to pasta.For a West Philadelphia pizza place, this place is above the line. Perhaps my favorite local pizza place, they have a huge menu of Italian food, including amazing pizza. This place as easily become one of my favorite places to eat in University City... and the prices are very reasonable too.I'm a fan of this place and recently made my boyfriend a fan as well! Even though there are a bunch of pizza places on Lancaster and in the general area, there isn't really one that you can really sit down and have a nice dinner with friends. Savas is the place to go for that and eating outside is pretty nice too. 
I really like the Southwestern wrap but I've heard good things about their other wraps as well. Of the few varieties of paninis I've tried, it was pretty good too. Closest place to get a good panini around the Drexel University campus.. 
It's about 10 dollars on average, per person. Pasta is a little more but the portions are HUGE! simple, inexpensive dinner. 
They have a large variety of pizzas with interesting toppings as well as traditional toppings. 
The only thing is the service for eating in is spotty... they usually forget something like dressing for your salad or getting you the drink you ordered. Sometimes they are good, sometimes they are too inattentive. It really depends. 
All in all, great lunch and dinner spot if you want something nicer than Ed's or Powelton Pizza and are in the area.This was the first stop on my June 2013 Tour de Philly and unfortunately it was a bit of a stumble out of the starting gate. 
I guess I've been spoiled by NYC pizza because the crust was too bready for my taste, and the service was somewhat sub-par.
On the plus side, the menu was pretty expansive and it was one of the only places in the area open past 10pm.Savas is stingy on the portions. First time in today ordered a small pizza spicy sauce with mushrooms.  The pizza literally had 7 mushrooms.  Even Dominos  can do better than that. If they want me to pay for extra mushrooms just say so.Okay, I rated it based on the little caption next to the stars. I am a fan of Savas, despite it being an A-ok experience.
Thankfully, we were in no rush, so my friend and I went for dinner and my first legal drinks. We sat on their fun barstools that swivel and elevate as we ordered the Euro Pizza and something girly for me to sip. Appletini was delicious, and made strong. Perfecto.
Well, they let us know our pizza was a little behind, but that was okay, we had time. The bartender was friendly, conversed with us about his origins, asked about our beverage qualities, etc. I did not pick my girly drinks, but my Strawberry Daquiri? Perfect ice consistency and tasted natural, which is ALWAYS a plus.
I think drinks were a bit pricey? And the pizza was maybe 15 dollars? It might have been more. I don't remember very well, but I do remember that it took an hour and 45 minutes for that pizza to be done. Thankfully, we  really didn't mind about the  time, but plenty of people came and left before it came to us. They said they do make all pizzas fresh to order, so wait time is start to finish, and everyone else is getting the same service simultaneously, so I guess I get that. As an apology for our wait, they gave us 2 or 3 of my friend's import beers for free.
Let me say, though, that this was the best pizza I have probably ever had in my life. And we had leftovers. God, that Euro pizza is the best ingredients ever, and though I don't like mushrooms, even those are amazing. And as a leftover pizza two days later, it was still delicious. It was totally worth the wait and the cost... I recommend everyone get this pizza once in their life. But be clear when ordering because they also have a Gyro pizza, which sounds remarkably close to Euro, and they almost sent that order to the kitchen by mistake. I'm sure the gyro pizza is also good, but go for euro  first. ;)
A very cool atmosphere, and interesting international staff. Moderate pricing and DELICIOUS pizza. I am a fan. Like.Basic classic foods, but a staple of the Drexel campus. The Panini's and the Pizza are the best.Extremely poor service. Waited 30 minutes for my to go order. Would not recommend returning.Another good ordering experience from Savas. Initially our address wasn't popping up in their delivery system, but the woman called back with a manager and they were able to find us using a slightly different address. Both the woman and the male manager were very nice and friendly. Pizza came promptly and still piping hot!I think the restaurant is pretty nice.. Sava's seems to have a great eating place. Usually I order salads from there which are my favorite. The grilled salmon salad seems to be good. Nice and tasty also healthy... I always stick with the grilled salmon salad nice and simple and the never disappointed me... Good place to order and and eat for lunch or anything!Very nice eatery, just a few blocks from home, with a decent selection of foods and nice service.  Savas Brick Oven Pizzeria is a relative newcomer to the mid-scale eating scene in Philadelphia, after their relatively recent renovation in mid-2010.
For the UC crowd, it serves as a nice pizzeria and bar with a wide assortment of pizzas as well as other dishes.  From wraps and paninis, all the way to semi-gourmet pastas, Savas has the ability to cater to a wide variety of audiences.  The ambiance is very nice, ranging from the mood lighting to the plentiful LCD monitors, which make this a decent "wannabe sports bar."
The breakfast selection is very nice, with decent portions (fluffy 3 egg omelet with choice of three ingredients, toast/bagel, home style potatoes, fruit cup, and drink) coming in at a reasonable 6.95.  Other options exist, but I personally swear by the 3-egg creation, so I haven't given much sampling to the others just yet.
For lunch and dinner, the fare is varied and most importantly, the food is cooked well.  The staff is very knowledgable and friendly - most of the time; I had one bad occasion out of 15-20 visits.  Their bar selection seems to be very good (cannot comment on the quality of the drinks personally), and the place is always doing well during the nights and weekends.  Reservations really aren't needed, as they usually have a table open somewhere, but one knock is that the food can take a bit of time to come.  If you're in a hurry or are just downright starving, I recommend going for one of the pizza slices (they're made fresh and are on display as you're walking in - so you can choose the one that looks good to you), as they take under 5 minutes or so.
Other than the occasional delay in service, there really isn't much else to gripe about this place.  Prices are decent for a UC eatery (you can get away within 10-15 bucks for a full meal, 2.77 for a specialty slice of pizza), which suits students quite well.
I've come to know the staff well over the past few months (live close by, so it's become a staple eatery for me), and they're always looking to help make your visit better in any way they can.  The family that owns it constantly is in and out of the place (sometimes the father and son mans the register when the place is busy), and they strive to do their best.
Alcohol selection on the take out beer side seem to be very extensive (you'll know what I mean when you see the three huge refrigerators in the main entrance area), and at 12$ for a mixed 6-pack, they seem to be relatively reasonably priced.  There seem to be some exotic selections as well, which should please the more refined beer drinker (if such a concept even exists).  :)
If you're a student and need a place to study and eat without being bothered, come here in the mid-afternoon.  It is usually relatively calm, and the staff is very accommodating (I usually get an isolated table in the corner). They are really good with making sure that you're taken care of.  I personally come here to do readings, and always get my work done.
All in all, a good place that I recommend for students and UC visitors alike.
Good eats!I have been here a lot but I just ordered a veggie burger for delivery at work and was very pleasantly surprised. I almost never order veggie burgers out unless they are home made (not sure if this one is) but this one was good! I think it's similar to a Dr. Preager's (sp?) on a really good roll with ranch and swiss. Def not low fat/cal, but really yummy and tasted fresh. Plus you get about ten thousand fries and they're also tasty. And I'm not the biggest french fry fan.
It was hot, delivery was friendly and fast.I gave this place four, but really it's more like 3.5. Their food wasn't bad, and the portions were quite generous, but some of the dishes were kind of meh. We ordered the hummus, which was disappointingly bland, as was my friend's sandwich, but none of the food was terrible. I think that it was a reasonable deal for the price, and the atmosphere was perfectly nice.Savas has basically anything you can think of on their menu and it's all delicious. Decent prices and quality food, can't go wrong with that!Savas has solid pizza, sandwiches, salads, an excellent atmosphere, and reasonable prices.  If you're looking for something fairly middle of the road between a corner pizza joint and Le Bec-Fin, Savas is a good choice.I went to Savas last week and had the Belgian waffles for breakfast! They were perfectly cooked and they came with strawberries and powdered sugar on top. The service was definitely on par and the wait staff was very friendly. I highly recommend going to this restaurant for not only a great breakfast, but lunch and dinner as wellThe Mediterranean dishes are where it's at. The pizza is light and tasty, though toppings are a bit sparse. If you don't mind a bit of house/techno music playing lightly in the background (even in the afternoon), Savas is nice and comfortable. The bartender George is THE BEST. He wants to hear your life story - and I'm okay with that. The beer is also very fairly priced and they have a nice bottled selection. It's also pleasant to go into a pizza place where you don't feel like the people working there have lost faith in mankind. Service is a bit slow, but I think they're still just working out the kinks.
Oh, and soccer is almost always on.I usually love their grilled chicken salads but lately their grilled chicken doesnt taste marinated the way it used to. Lately its been very bland instead of having a great greek marinated flavor. Also, the promised delivery time was ignored on the last few orders i placed - appx 25 minutes late, so grilled food was mildly warm at best. Savas has the potential to do so much better and keep customers happy. Id order once a week if the food was consistently good and hot upon delivery.Worst customer service, missed half our take our order and did not compensate.... wasted 2 hours of my life figuring out how to make sense to the manager, SAVAS SUCKSBoneless wings are a joke. Not worth $10 at all. Honey barbecue wings taste like ketchup. Burger was overcooked. Fries were good.~TASTELESS ~Bad layout 
Now maybe I'm spoiled with pizza from brooklyn, long island and NYC, but this place was some to, without a doubt, one of the worst tasting pizza around. 
My friend and I got a slice, me a regular, him a mushroom. We each had half of each and couldn't finish the pizza. The cheese had no character, the sauce was red water, and the dough wasn't fresh. I'm not sure what they are doing serving this pizza, but I would avoid this place at all costs. Ed's down the block, while not great, was much better.Savas has so much potential! Great food, great taste, I recommend the white spinach pizza and the fajita wrap (with a side of sour cream, amazing).
But your service is terrible!! Its very clear some of your waitresses hate working. The girls at the front are super nice don't get me wrong, I just wish everyone that worked at savas was as friendly because You guys could really make bank! I hate sitting down now for a meal, I'd rather just order something fast at the front and sit down myself.
Also, what's the reasoning with being so skimpy on the toppings? My Hawaiian slice had MAYBE 3 little pieces of pineapple and 2 pieces of ham. 
Best food on Drexel's campus by far!! I am a HUGE FAN of Savas, just please improve the serviceThis is an interesting Pizza place.  I'm still searching for 5 star pizza in Philly, but this place was a solid contender among the better 4 star establishments, in my book.
The pizza had very fresh toppings, and the crust was good, but not amazing.  It had a bready crust with thick, chewy bubbles around the edge (a plus for me!) but the crust was too thick for my tastes, and it was too uniform.  I also thought that the pizza had not been cooked at a high enough temperature--it seemed to be uniform (no toastiness around the edge).  This place advertises "brick oven pizza" which I think is misleading.  I don't care if the oven is made of bricks or not...when I see "brick oven pizza" I think high temperature and I don't know what temperature they used, but the pizza looked like normal, low-temperature, more slow-cooked pizza.
There was also a marked absence of spices on the pizza.  All three of us who ate here agreed that it was bland.  Thankfully, we were able to add hot pepper, oregano, and parmesan and make it more tasty, but I would really appreciate more spices (especially garlic) included by default on the pizza.
The atmosphere in here was sleek and modern.  Very clean aesthetic, but darker and the color scheme made it a bit warmer than modern decor usually is.  I thought it was quite pleasant inside.  It was oddly formal looking in certain ways, yet with low prices and while still being a pizza place.
I'd go back here, but I think I'm going to keep trying other places first because I really want five star pizza.  If this place wants suggestions of how to break into the five star zone, I'd recommend:
* More spices, especially garlic, on the pizza.
* Thinner crust
* Higher-temperature, quicker baking.  Yes, it makes it trickier to get it just right but that's the point.
Everything else was good...loved the toppings and I loved the chewiness and bubbles in the crust.Savas is my go to for pizza. The fiesta pizza is my fav. I like to get my pizza "extra crispy" since it sometimes is a little undercooked for my liking (toppings falling off of pizza when I attempt to pick a slice up). Sticking it in the oven (yea in the box too) clears this issue up while keeping the pizza warm though.Been there several times for mediocre food at best. This time, it took 50 minutes for a not even decent gyro, service was not good in the slightest. Not worth the time, money, or energy to go here. Only redeeming quality (and reason I give it 2 stars and not 1 star) are the hours they're open.This was a go to restaurant when I was living at Drexel. The Bangkok salad with no dressing was my very favorite! The paninis are awesome too. Only thing that sucks is the service. Servers were always rude and unattentive. Really Savas only downfall.Whats great about Savas is that it's the pizza place on the block with a bar and six packs to go. The pizza is pretty good, the wraps were at one time really good but the last few times I've been there they seemed to fall apart and not be as well made. Overall a decent pizza joint in university city.Everything is delicious, owner is awesome and personable. Food service is super slow and prices are a little too high fora pizza place. Overall good spot.This place is amazing! Big portions with great prices! Although the deliver takes a little bit longer, it's totally worth it. They have everything on the menu that you could be craving. Wings, cheese fries and the Stromboli were so good!I've ordered from Savas multiple times now, and I've eaten in probably five times.  It's easily one of the best and most affordable restaurants in the Drexel area, since the food is usually better than food I've ordered from nearby restaurants, and the price is generally lower.
I haven't had especially great experiences with their pizza - there is definitely better pizza in the area - but their other menu items are quite good, for the most part.  Their shrimp scampi is tasty, if a little low on shrimp.  Their salads are pretty good, their pasta dishes (especially the alfredo) are almost always excellent, and their breakfast is phenomenal.  Boyd found his fajita and fries very tasty, and Jen seemed to enjoy her tuna melt.  Portion sizes usually run large, so prepare for leftovers.
I wasn't pleased with the salmon I ordered tonight, unfortunately.  It was very obviously not fresh, and the pasta was practically inedible due to an excess of capers.  The flavors were far too strong and didn't complement each other well.
Their chocolate lava cake is absolutely delicious.  If you're going for breakfast, I personally recommend the Philly French toast, which is topped with sweet cream cheese, strawberries, and banana slices, or the belgian waffles, which are totally worth the extra dollar for strawberries and whipped cream.  Beware - if you order pancakes, you get a LOT of pancakes.
Previous reviewers' complaints about the service baffle me.  The service, while not necessarily Savas' primary selling point, is always punctual and cordial, in my experience - both eating in and ordering for delivery.As a Drexel student, I take my pizza very seriously. With the myriad of pizza places around University City, you need to choose the best one to claim your loyalty to.
Sava's does not just have amazing pizza (I mean, they do, their BBQ chicken and Fiesta slices are ENORMOUS and delicious!), but their paninis, wraps, and stromboli are also amazing. And don't get me started on their fries - imagine boardwalk fries in a restaurant, fried in delicious peanut oil!
It's also more than a regular pizza place because it looks like a pretty nice restaurant inside. The staff is really attentive and makes sure you get your food ASAP.
They also have a really awesome selection of craft beers right at the counter for you to take home - it doesn't get much better than that!I couldn't be more disappointed in Savas. I work nearby at a hospital and my co-workers reccommended the place. The first time I called to order, the girl on the phone got my phone number wrong (after three times of repetition), and my order was never delivered. When I called to check on the status of my order, I was told that they couldn't get in touch with me and it was too late to get my order. They told me I could have a credit for another order. The second time I called to use my credit, I was told that no manager was on site to "verify" that I was actually due one. It was 11:45pm; the website advertises delivery until 12pm. When I called I was told that it ended 5 minutes ago. When inquiring about the time on the website, I was told that the time posted "does not always apply". This seems ridiculous to me, why post the time at all if they do not plan to follow it?
I won't be calling Savas again.Great food and good service. Open till 3 am so great place to get late night food especially for college students. Their breakfast/brunch is one of my favorite meals. The portions are huge for the price. By far my favorite pizza shop in University City.I have to say, I'm a fan. Maybe because where I'm from slices are a little chewier, but I found that their crust had a nice balance, crunch and chewiness as compared to most NYC style and unlike most, I could actually taste the Pepperoni.
Also, to be fair, considering that day I was having I must have looked like a psych ward reject, or that I was on something that was giving me a bad trip, yet throughout the entire time the two girls working the register were always polite. Maybe the satisfaction was equally due to stress relief than the food, but I really liked it and would give them another try.