I was little skeptical at first after reading the mixed reviews but I'm glad that I went. A friend of mines picked this out for restaurant week, there were 6 in our party & although this is a small restaurant it was comfortable. Everyone enjoyed their food & drink no complaints, definitely a restaurant I would revisit again. Also it's nice to see the actual owners of the restaurant working in their own restaurant. Great service, nice ambiance, each course was served just at the right time. Also if you're a bread person be sure to ask for it, it was wonderful and save room for dessert! I personally enjoyed the Coconut Bread pudding, it was amazingThis place was okay. I was reading good reviews, but I didn't enjoy this place at all.  I got the Seafood Cobb Salad which was very bland and would have been better if they added a crisp to the ingredients. Everything tasted raw and the crabmeat tasted as if it were out of a can. My boyfriend got the new england clam chowder along with the seafood combination that the waitress messed up on. We ordered it fried, but it came out broiled. The clam chowder tasted a bit sour to me and wasn't that great at all. I don't know if I'd come again; maybe if I knew what to order next time.I'm the sort of person who likes particular places for particular things. I love the experiences i've had at Seafood Unlimited. 
I've been many times and my friends and i sit outside in the warm weather to enjoy $2.50 lagers and plate after plate of raw oysters. They used to be buck-a-shuck i think, but the menu has them listed at $1.25. 
Basically every day at 5 starts permanent happy hour. There's this great little bar menu with snacks around $5 a plate and delicious $5 cocktails and $4 glasses of wine. The prices are so reasonable. The staff is nice and attentive enough.
The only complaint i have is that they close kind of early. I suppose it's normal time for a restaurant, but since i think of it as a bar with seafood, 9:30 on weekdays and 10:30 on weekends seems way too early to kick me out of such a comfy situation.
I haven't even been inside the building to be honest with you, but if you are looking for a great place to hang out on warm evenings and people watch and enjoy delicious food and drinks for amazing prices, then you can't do any better than Seafood Unlimited.I ordered takeout twice & every dish was just great. The Seafood Empanadas, the fish & chips the Manhattan clam chowder the sea bass and the seafood marinara were ALL delicious. I have never ordered takeout where EVERYTHING every morsel was sooooo good I was wanting for more. The place is very cozy, spotless & the staff is  exceptionally friendly . I  can't wait to eat in the next time I'm not in a hurry.Great surprise! Dinner was perfect. Tuna with risotto, panko crusted sea bass, seafood sampler all excellent. Cash only so be prepared - and so worth the stop.What the hell on the negative reviews?!? We almost didn't come here because of them, but thank goodness we looked past!! Great atmosphere, great service, and great food!! The NEngland clam chowder to die for!! Having had many of the bests in San Francisco, that's a lot to be said. Even the Brussel sprouts out the haters to shame!Very Unsatisfied with my fish tacos. I ordered with uberEats the delivery was prompt, but the tacos were nasty and sloppy. They barley had any flavor at all. I would never try this place again!Went here during lunch one day after searching for a new place to eat. The waitress wouldn't let me sit where I wanted because it was just me, however it was during a slow time and two other solos came in and got to sit where they pleased.
Ordered a shrimp melt which I was a little leary about because I had concerns that it would lack flavor...and rightfully so because it did, very bland not even the cheese helped.
Then I went to pay my bill and for whatever the reason, the waitress thought it okay to give me my dollars yet keep about 35 cents with no mention of it. When I mentioned it to her she said she'd have to get the register opened to get the change so I let her know that's what she'll need to do then. Thing about it is I probably would have included that change with her tip but how about not deciding for me that that's what should go down!
I'll try this place again and get something I'm more likely to like see if my judgement is different but if I see this waitress I'm heading right back out of the door!The staff is very nice and happy hour specials are pretty compelling from a price perspective but the quality of the food is below average. My wife and I stopped by for happy hour for some oysters and fish and chips. The oysters were okay but shucking was poor and I got some bits of shell in the oyster. The fish and chips were decent but the fish itself seemed a little undercooked. Both my wife and I had upset stomachs post eating here. Can't beat the price but for my money, I'll continue to go to Oyster House and spare myself the post-meal pains.The waiter was a moron. His own coworker did not know where he was. We ordered house margarita/ he said we can only that at the bar/ then we ordered the flavored/ and he brought the house margarita to the table saying we could have this instead. Then we literally sat for 30 mins waiting for him to take the order for the table. Then another 30mins for a glass of wine. BIGGEST ISSUE was halfway through my glass of water, I found scum inside the glass with floaters!!!! OH WAIT, forgot to mention the waiter kept rubbing his nose with his hands, never washed them and when I asked for a straw he grasped it with his entire hand and inserted it in my glass!!! OMG- I Called the manager over, she apologized but never brought a new glass of water, I saw her frantically washing the other glasses by hand. Our food came came out like train cars... back to back to back and was room temperature.  No offer to take anything off the bill. No apology from the waiter. The waiter lied said he couldn't split our bill because the machine was broken, I called the manager and she did it with no problem. LIAR LIAR. Overall, not a place I would recommend nor would I return under any circumstance.  Mind you I like dining out, this place was subpar to say the least.Beautiful decor! I felt like I was under the sea! Wavy beautiful blue glassy material everywhere. My shrimp was super yummy. My husband I really enjoyed ourselves. Also nice mixed drinks and a lovely bar. The staff was really nice too.Very Disappointing
My wife and I went here for Valentines dinner.  It's local and in a great location. Upon arrival we found that they were offering a limited menu only, comparable choices as if it was restaurant week.  The limited menu was not mentioned to us when we made the reservation nor the two times they called to confirm our reservation.
I ordered the 1/2 dozen raw oysters for my app, they only served me four oysters.  The oysters also smelled fishy, good sea food should smell like the sea, not old fish.
I ordered the lobster tail and tenderloin for my entrée. The lobster tail was EXTREAMLY over cooked.   It was as if someone threw it under the broiler and forgot about it for 40 minutes.   If you incorporate the word "seafood" in the name of your restaurant, you better well know how to cook seafood, which they do not.
The tenderloin was cooked to med rare as I requested but was tasteless.  No salt or pepper was used to prepare the steak.
I would NOT recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for good seafood .  I will NOT return to this establishment ever.I like this place a lot. I says recommend people go there if they like seafood.the staff is always nice and accommodating. They're never too busy which is a plus for me because you can enjoy nice conversation. The decor is styled to resemble the ocean. I thought that was cute and different. Only thing I don't like are the constant hour shifts without notice. Twice I've driven down only to find out they weren't open. Brunch is the best with unlimited drinks for 12$. Plus they're BYOB.Went here for a birthday with a group of my friends and we each had really good dishes. Everyone enjoyed their entrees. I like the decor of the place but I kinda don't like the people that come in which is not the restaurants fault. We even shared the ice cream cake with the waiter! Place could be better in terms of seating but I booked a reservation for restaurant week and I'm excited to review the place again.Had dinner here recently.  Our server was very good.... The Caesar salad was delicious.  My friend had the New England Clam Chowder that was excellent.  She ordered the bass, which she must have liked because she took what she didn't eat home with her.  I had the Shrimp with gnocchi.  The portion size was very good, the gnocchi and tomatoes that surrounded the shrimp was delicious.  I only wish the shrimp hadn't tasted like beach.  Very disappointed.  We both had the carrot cake.  Not bad.  Not sure I'd run back......Maybe there are other things that are good?Don't bother coming here for all you can eat mussels. They advertise their availability but despite showing up at 6:30 pm they were already out. A seafood restaurant advertising a special they were unable to provide at a normal dinner hour.So much potential for the Rittenhouse location and unassuming fish market vibe.. But once we had the raw oysters and clams, the place didn't measure up. The various fish and soft shell crab were all edible but certainly nothing to write home about.
It was puzzling. They seemed to certainly have fresh seafood but the flavors were simply not there. Our waiter was also quite annoying and kept intruding in on our conversation and making a huge fuss about bringing glasses for BYOB wine and for splitting checks.I read through the other reviews and have to say that I have had every experience detailed therein. I have had great happy hour specials, I have had good meals here, I have enjoyed the appetizers, etc. However, I have also had three dreadful meals in a row here and feel compelled to sound the warning bell. 
Most notably, we ate here on Saturday night and arrived at 7.30 (we had booked a table as we were 6 people). We had a 9.30 movie to catch and figured this would be no problem. Not unlike my previous two "bad" visits, our waiter was completely out-of-it. He had to ask each of us at least 2 or 3 times what we were ordering (note: no one deviated from set menu fare). This should have been a sign. 
We sat for at least 30 minutes before bread and drinks arrived even though we had tried to flag down our waiter several times. The place is small, so imagine how skillfully inattentive a waiter would have to be to avoid a party of six! 
Our food arrived about 1 hour and 15 minutes after we ordered it and 3 out of 6 entrees were wrong. One was a completely wrong order, two had sides incorrectly ordered, and there were no accompaniments for baked potatoes (e.g., butter, sour cream). 
We barely got out of there by 9.25 and I am not one who usually would have noticed the time, but we were on a schedule and the service was painfully slow. Even getting the guy to ring up our bill took ten minutes. 
I ordered the salmon and it was off with a fishy taste and bad slimy feel. The crab cakes did not even taste of crab - more like canned salmon. The baked potatoes were small and over cooked. The side of mixed vegetables was a slimy disgusting mess of julienned zucchini, carrots, and broccoli florets. All in all - gross! 
I am not one to advocate chain restaurants, but I had a much better piece of fish with friendlier, more efficient service on a recent road trip at Red Lobster. Three strikes and you're out, Seafood Unlimited.This is a really cute sea food spot. I've been here a few times with friends - just to grab a bite one a week day. I love the calamari stuffed with crabmeat. Such a delicious appetizer. Their fish selection is huge! I usually go for the ahi tuna or the salmon. They offer bok choy as a side which is also really yummy.As other reviewers have said, this place is tiny from the outside, and not much bigger on the inside, but the food is absolutely terrific.
The raw clams were so very fresh. The Sauteed Scallops & Mushrooms Over Rice (we substituted pasta) was rich and flavorful. The fish of the Fish & Chips was light and flakey and the chips were great: hot and crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. The tuna, asked to be done rare, was actually done rare and was quite tasty. The calamari stuffed with crab meat was terrific, particularly the sauces (NB: It's not stuffed, fried calamari).
NB: Does not take American Express.Food was very good and reasonably priced for city dining.  I had the calamari stuffed w/ crabmeat as an app which I thought was delicious, then the seafood quintet as my meal.  Other guests with me had the crabcakes and the scallops with mushrooms.  Crab cakes were solid.  One diner with me said the scallops in the mushroom sauce were unique and one of the best scallop dishes he's ever had.  Service was also solid, very attentive and prompt without being rushed.  Cash only is a little bit of a deterrent but I'd say washes out with the BYOB wine policy.   Other than that, its on a cute little block right by Rittenhouse Sq.  Parking was an issue but that's the city for you.  Overall I'd recommend it strongly.Been here many times - always a great experience.  It is not the place to go for a trendy scene.  The food is always Great, Fresh and healthy.  The fresh isn't butchered with tons of sauces to, get it grilled or pan fried and it's delicious.  
Great prices for what you get.  Highly recommend for great food, homey atmostphere.   Service has always been great as wellI wanted to love this place. Great location and sadly philly doesn't have a ton of good seafood restaurants. We ordered some oysters calamari shrimp cocktail Arctic char and scallops. The oysters were disgusting the calamari way to greasy and the shrimp was not fresh. We pointed this out to the waiter who admitted the dishes did not look or smell right and said he would take it off the check. He seemed embarrassed but not surprised. At this point we considered just canceling our order and leaving but I saw the waiter go over and talk to a man sitting at the bar who apparently was the owner. Curios to see how it would be handled we watched as the owner dismissed our complaint and went back to drinking and flirting with two women sitting at the bar. Wow, really??  We paid for our cocktails and tipped our waiter handsomely as we felt sorry for him. Don't know if this was an off night but I do not believe I will be back to find out.This place was great! The food was delicious, ambience was nice, wait staff attentive... I'm coming back!Excellent food with a cozy/romantic vibe. Great service, especially Christian behind the bar.I love this place. The decor is awesome, the service is always very friendly and fast. The food is delicious, I ordered the sea bass and my grandmother got the Arctic char, very fresh and tasty! Definitely no complaints here, I will be returning!The Monday night all-you-can eat mussels deal is awesome at only $11.95 with an extra 5 bucks for linguini.  My favorite was the green curry mussels by far...the garlic herb ones weren't that flavorful.  
The decor of this place is definitely tacky with the neon purple/pastel lighting and fish/underwater sea wall tiles. The service was great and the waiter didn't really make us feel like fat slobs for ordering more rounds of mussels. This isn't the sort of place I'd go for the ambiance but I'd definitely be back to stuff my face on delicious and cheap mussels.We have enjoyed their really good fish tacos several times. Taco Tuesday  is a great deal with $3 tacos Happy Hour Beer.  These are the best tacos in Philly because they are really large pieces of fish with a great batter... not greasy.  I try fish tacos wherever I can find them. Most are just very thin pieces of fish with lots of batter, but not these.  Mussels Monday is also good. If I remember to print and take the coupon that comes in the email announcement I get unlimited linguini with the mussels.My husband and I live in the neighborhood and we always had a soft spot for Seafood Unlimited. It was the place where we knew we could go for a solid meal or to pick up some fish to cook ourselves. They underwent extensive renovations in the spring and summer and I have to say - I want the old Seafood Unlimited back! The old decor was simple, plain, and cozy. No frills, but that was just fine, seeing as it's not a trendy restaurant; rather, it's a place where the clientele is mixed but leans toward a 65+ crowd. Now the decor is trendy and club-like, as another reviewer mentioned. The fresh seafood case is gone and the bar has been moved into its place to allow for more seating. Ah, seating. My husband and I aren't large people but I felt very uncomfortable squeezing in between the tables to sit on the bench side. My apologies to the couple at the table next to ours - I tried not to insult you by inserting my derriere into your eating space! Also, my husband's seat was awkwardly positioned next to the server's station with a clear view into the kitchen. There isn't enough mood lighting in the world that can fix that vantage point! Now, for the part that matters the most - the food. They have expanded their menu but the good old standbys are still available. We ordered the crab cakes and the panko-crusted sea bass. We were incredibly underwhelmed at the quality of the food. The crab cakes didn't have a lot of flavor and the french fries that we had as a side tasted like the ones you get frozen in the grocery store. Not bad, but not fresh. The "fresh" vegetables were bland and soggy, thanks to the amount of butter and oil used to saute them. The panko-crusted sea bass was actually a bit soggy and definitely bland. Accompanied by thick, dry mashed potatoes and a few measly artichoke hearts, the whole dish was just very blah. It was actually a bit of a challenge to cut the fish because the breading was somewhat sticky when I tried to flake the fish using my fork. The mashed potatoes were a solid clump. That's about all I need to say about them. Absolutely nothing special about either of our dinners and, at $23/plate, we were disappointed. This is a shame because we used to genuinely enjoy the place. I think we'd need one heck of a good reason to go back.Never again! I made the mistake of eating here on Valentine's day. The energy in this place is dismal as well as the service...not to mention the remodel feels like something between magic gardens on South Street and a toilet.
The food was decent, but received a glass of malbec with as much sediment as you would find on a river bank! The server had the chutzpah to let us know this is normal-With a bill close to $100 I expect to be treated as a guest not an idiot...Needless to say we will not be returning to this restroom.The best seafood meals I've had at this place are the specials - lobster, softshell crabs, swordfish, branzino, arctic char, and more. The grilled fish is fresh and delicious. The bartenders mix very good cocktails, and I like the option of bringing my own wine. I enjoy looking at the huge Zagar mural. The servers are friendly, courteous, and attentive. The background music does not interfere with conversation. I will return and recommend it to seafood lovers.Came here first time in the restaurant week and was so disappointed. The place only accept cash. It was not crowded on the night i came but the server still sat us right by the kitchen door. The food portions were very small like sampler foods. The server didn't care to show us the regular menu. Probably he thought that we were so cheap, just wanted the restaurant week menu and not gonna spent money on a regular menu. I thought their menu was small and realized that they did have a bigger menu when i got home and did a review. We were not full at all and came to the next door restaurant for a hotdog. We ended up paying almost $100 for two promotion restaurant week dinners $35 each for 4 course of meals. It sounds cheap but the amount of foods that they served were very tiny, and two mixed drinks ($9 per drink and tastes like lollipops). The server was very unprofessional. He kept talking shit about customers while getting foods, silverwares and plates for other clients with his co-workers. Beside he wasn't feeling good that day. He kept coughing n cleaned his mouth with his sleeves. When he served us desserts, instead of putting the silverwares on a clean plate or a piece of napkins, he put them directly on the bare table. It looked very gross to us. We don't know how their other foods tastes like but having a very bad experience for the first time.  We are not coming back or recommend anyone here. And please do not get us wrong. We eat out more than cooking at home. Wr have been many restaurants from fine dinning to fast food restaurants, but we have never complained any place like this one.Two and a half stars.
Decor was horrible-- tables that small should be outlawed! Plus our table was super wobbly, our drinks were about to fall over.
Food was okay. Oysters weren't as fresh as I've had before; I wanted to stop halfway but my husband doesn't eat oysters so it would have been a total waste. I got the sesame crusted ahi tuna with some kind of pineapple/papaya sauce with sauteed snap peas and polenta cakes. The ahi tuna, although cooked medium rare, was dry. I don't know how that was possible, but the sauce definitely saved it. Snap peas were standard and polenta cakes were unexciting.Seafood Unlimited might be the Red Lobster of Rittenhouse, well minus the cheddar biscuits ( which are damn good). My mom wanted something close by since she was picking me up from work and it had to be seafood.We arrived to an empty restaurant this past Monday, i now know why it was empty.
The smell of fish lurks from the upstairs fish market. It wasnt too bad but not a good first impression when your about to dine. Mom decided on RW i went with options on the regular menu. I will say that the wine list here is lack luster and thats being very nice. The list itself is pretty bare and the options are unattractive. They did have a feature bottle of a pinot grigio for 19.00 so i decided to get that.
the RW menu seemed legit and the first two courses though small were pretty good. The house salad came with goat cheese, orange segments and a really good lemon dressing. The seafood empananda mostly crust had an interesting  taste im not sure exactly what "seafood" was in the center as nothing that was dropped off in front of us came with an explanation.Things went down hill for the entree the "crab cakes" looked more like the crabby patties you see on sponge bob square pants. I tried a bite and they were super dry. Making crab cakes is an art form you need enough moisture and legit amounts of crab meat. It was quite a disgrace. My mom didnt finish one she just requested her dessert. The finale was carrot cake served slightly warm, it was actually pretty good. 
I had a better time with my meal the mussels were of substantial size i will say that the garlic flavor came in full force and the broth was slightly salty but all in all they were plump and uber  delish. My entree size salad was average but the parmesan crusted shrimp i added to it made it pretty filling. 
I wont be back and its sad because there arent many really good seafood options in the city as it is.My husband and I went here for restaurant week and we were underwhelmed. I was hopeful from the other good reviews, but the food and atmosphere were totally "meh." I had butternut squash soup, calamari, bouillabaisse, and chocolate mousse. The soup was OK, calamari was lightly breaded but lacked flavor, the seafood in the bouillabaisse was overcooked, the broth was salty and lacking real flavor, and the chocolate mousse was watery and tasted like something that could have come from a box. My husband had the new england clam chowder, which was  the highlight of the meal- it was quite good, the seafood empanada, which was also pretty good, a surf and turf kinda deal with shrimp and steak- neither were particularly good or flavorful, and the chocolate mousse.
 I was particularly disappointed because during restaurant week, we usually try to take advantage of meals that provide a great value- places where we would have regularly been glad to pay much more than the $35 a head for the meal- and I really didn't feel like we got that here. I would not have felt good paying that much (or more) for either of our meals. I understand that restaurant week limits the menu so maybe they have some specialties that are better than what they had to offer, but I won't be going back to find out.They have the best happy hour menu I have seen in a long time! 5-7 is half off selected appetizers, $1 a shuck oysters and discounted cocktails. And it's available every day! That is almost unheard of in Rittenhouse Square! 
The staff were all very friendly and welcoming. Christian was our bartender and he made great drink suggestions to my friend and I. The bar carries Pearl Cucumber Vodka and not many bars in Philly have cucumber vodka so I was pleasantly surprised. 
One of the walls in the restaurant feature a large mosaic mural by Isiah Zagar. The Philadelphia artist is the founding artist of Philadelphia's Magic Gardens on South Street. Seeing one of his murals in a Rittenhouse restaurant is very rare, if not one-of-a-kind. 
I will be back again to try the scallop dish that was highly recommend!I haven't been here in a few years, but had a great meal here recently. The place has underwent a huge remodeling job which may or may not please every one. The inside is a cross between the Magical Gardens on S. St & a subterranean ice bar. Lots of blue, which is my favorite color so I don't mind it. Kind of tiny inside, w/ a small bar as well.
Started with a  Sturgeon General's Pale Ale, a lovely beer made for S.U. by Phila. Brewing Co. Got the Seafood Empanadas  w/ Chipotle Remoulade and yes they are delicious. Flaky dough, savory filling and for once... a chipotle sauce that packs some real heat! The New England Clam Chowder was another pleaser; so good that I wanted to lick the empty bowl. I got the garlic soft shell crabs as entree and man was it good! Served over a bed of creamy mashed potatoes w/ roasted asparagus, I could have not been happier. The only thing I didn't care for was the bread they served. It was a challah roll (warm, but still tasted a bit stale). We each got our own, plopped down on a small plate by our waitress w/ a pat of prewrapped butter. I would have preferred a nice basket of Italian bread, but this was minor compared to the quality of the other food.
Service overall was good and we all left happy!The quality of the seafood here is first rate  raw oysters and clams clam chowder entrees ranging from the lobster soft shell crabs scallops fish ask fresh and very well prepared. The joint is casual but the service is personal and responsive. Can't understand any of the mediocre reviews.
. The wine list is small but this is not a wine restaurant. 
We were a party if nine and well treated.  Four stars not five because if the casual nature of the place.I like food. 
When given the chance to go out and drink with my roommate, while enjoying awesome food, I will leap at said opportunity. Lovely roommate (I mention her quite often but only since she is the sunshine to my grey days) mentioned going to Seafood, since she had heard really good things about their margaritas and popcorn shrimp. 
Roommate did not disappoint (as if she could ever let me down). The margaritas were amazing and the popcorn shrimp were enough for me to warrant staying around until close, testing the establishments 'unlimited' promise. The bartender, a lovely lady, kept the drinks coming and was attentive beyond words. 
While I may have been sitting at the bar, the restaurant was packed by 6:30 and stayed busy until close. The mural facing the bar was done by the same artist who designed the South Street monstrosity that is the Magic Garden. Said mural is tasteful and works beautifully with the restaurant. It is a one of a kind piece and makes the art actually work. There is nothing gauche about it. Did I mention the fish tacos? They're amazing. 
Just go. The food is wonderful. Service is prompt. The atmosphere is really cute and if you see the owner running around, check out her amazing hair.I just visited here a few weeks ago in November for my birthday dinner with a friend.  We were both in the mood for seafood, since we hadn't had any in a long time.  We both ordered the Seafood Fried Trio and it was DELICIOUS!!! Everything was cooked to perfection and it was very very fresh.  I loved every bite!! That was definitely the best birthday dinner I've had in a long time.  The atmosphere was very quiet and nice, I loved it.  The service given was wonderful.  Our waiter was very accommodating and attentive.  I will definitely be back to eat here again and will definitely recommend it to everyone that I know.
See you guys again soon!!!All-You-Can-Eat Mussels for $12???? Sign me up! Granted I'd never eaten a single mussel in my life prior to a friend of mine inviting me out to dinner at Seafood Unlimited with some of our other friends.  Not to mention he sent us all a coupon he found on the restaurant's Facebook page that was good for free pasta with each bowl of mussels!  The waitstaff was attentive to our needs, were quick to replenish our water glasses, and routinely stopped by the table to make sure we were enjoying our experience.  My first round was the garlic and herb mussels, and while they were good, I had yet to show the server the coupon my friend had sent me, because I had a premonition that the mussels would taste even better with linguine.  Surely enough, I ordered one more bowl of mussels, this time with marinara sauce, atop a bed of linguine.  After that, I was stuffed!  For someone who had never eaten mussels before, I'd say I'm hooked after that! I'd be willing to try their other dishes, but for such an incredible deal, I'd come back for the mussels.Meh. Solid service. Overpriced for what it is. Would not go back. 
Went on a Thursday night. Place was basically empty. Staff seemed surprised to have customers, but once they realized we were there, they were great. 
Food was meh. Mussels were solid. Entrees were solid, just lackluster for the price. Windows were open and got eaten by mosquitoes, but that's not their fault. 
1 appetizer, 2 entrees, no drinks, plus tax and tip were $35 per person. Food was solid but given my economic situation, I look for more from $35.I'd been psyched for a while to try Seafood Unlimited's endless mussels on Mondays. To be honest, I was kind of underwhelmed. The mussels weren't cleaned nearly as well as I would have cleaned them at home (I was pulling little beards off all night). The flavors for great, however, the green curry in particular. I was looking around the dining room and felt jealous about the meals that others were having, so maybe staying away from their special offers is the way to go at Seafood Unlimited.My wife and I like to venture and try new restaurants, most of the times we follow other reviews on Yelp to help make our decision.  With that said we tried Seafood Unlimited anyway and found out why the place losing customers and why they had such low reviews.  These are my 3 issues with the place....(please read, this may help save your life or at least trips to the bathroom)
1. We had the seafood pasta and their lobster special (I'll get to the seafood pasta in a bit).  As we are finishing our meal the chef comes out of the kitchen and proceeds to apologize on the phone with a customer from the night before, in the middle of the restaurant.  He is apologizing to the customer for getting sick on the lobster special he ate the other night and how his entire family spent the night in the bathroom.  Did I mention that my wife and I were just finishing our lobster special?  Seriously? Does that conversation need to take place right there for everyone in the restaurant to hear?  We were lucky and did not get sick but I don't have to tell you what a negative impression that left. 
2. The seafood pasta only had shrimps and scallops.  Anytime I ever had seafood pasta from any seafood restaurant, it had more than two seafood ingredients and I'm counting my corner pizzeria that happens to serve seafood pasta.  The pasta was ok but it lacked the seafood flavor and I guess I know why. I think it's a very expensive dish especially when you only have two ingredients....I could have done better, the pizzeria around the corner certainly does. 
3. Appetizer and desert.  We had the fried mussels...it lacked flavor as if it was precooked and not fresh.  Desert was $6 and was super tiny.  
I would not recommend this place especially for the price you are paying.  Employees were nice enough but lacked the attention to detail and missed on providing some added service we saw other tables received.  If you decide to go....be warmed.  Did I tell you about the lobster?Small, neighborhood seafood place.  Full bar but you can still BYOB with a $3 service  fee.  $2 Lagers at Happy Hour and $4 all the time.
The food is straight forward but very well executed.  I recommend the Coconut Crusted Ahi with Green Curry Sauce...I went here Friday night after a show at the Merriam Theater, and I am glad I did! First off, they close on Friday night at 11pm, but will serve food up until like 10:30. I don't mean the late night menu with a few appetizers listed; instead I am talking about the full menu! I ended up getting their salmon burger with dill mayo, and my husband ordered their buffalo shrimp appetizer and lamb pops. It was the perfect amount of food - full but not uncomfortably stuffed. We both ordered delicious cocktails before dinner as well. I had the key lime pie martini and he had the apricot old fashioned. My key lime martini was good, but it is hard to be completely satisfied after trying some of the best in Key West. As for my husband's drink, he liked it so much he attempted to try and duplicate the drink at home the next night! Last, the decor in this place is amazing! The whole back wall is made up of beautiful mosaic tiles (sea themed). The artist is Isaiah Zagar - same man that created Philadelphia's Magic Gardens on South Street.I went here with a group of friends on a Monday night to take advantage of the Unlimited Mussels Mondays had a decent meal, but was not blown away.
I ordered a bowl of the thai green curry mussels.  The sauce was creamy, bright, and very flavorful.  Definitely not shy on the green curry front. For my second bowl of mussels, I ordered the white wine/garlic sauce - which was also very flavorful and packed with the garlicky flavor you'd expect.
I am not a mussels expert by any means, but was definitely expecting more broth/sauce than what I got.  The sauces were just drizzled over top of the mussels, whereas I was expecting them to be sitting in a considerable amount of broth or liquid (in which I could dip my bread/roll or use to sauce my linguine.)
The service was attentive and friendly - no complaints there, really.  The interior of the restaurant was very nice - a large mosaic wall and bright colors made for an inviting space.Visited here for the 1st time this past Saturday  night.....Very cute, cozy, intimate place with brautiful mosaic design.....the food was great...i had the Curry Thai Mussels...Fried Trio with fish and extra scallops since im allergic to shrimp....and raspberry/blueberry bread pudding. My baabe had the quintet: broiled salmon, seabass, tilapia and shrimps and scallops...fresh raw clams and chocolate mousse....Our food was delicious....drinks were very good as well forgot rhe names.....i would definitely returnHere's my beef (or salmon) with this place. The service is good, it's in my neighborhood, and their seafood is fresh. The way they cook it, however, is questionable. You don't take ahi tuna and grill the carp out of it, or take lobster tail and boil the crawfish out of it. Just bad decisions. Raw bar (oysters, shrimp cocktail, when they used to have it), not bad, and it's pretty reasonable.
Come here, get some fresh seafood (they sell it at market price), and cook it at home, is my rec.The service was excellent.   The food was fair.  I would not recommend or go back.  It is a very quaint establishment.  The staff were all pleasant.  I had crab cakes which were fair.  I also order Sea Bass which was pretty bland.  I love seafood it was looking forward to going.... I left somewhat disappointed and unsatisfied.We were sitting outside enjoying our dinner. The owner came out to chat and remembered us from being here several weeks ago.   She went inside and came back out with a smile and my husbands favorite shirt in her hand.  He had been searching every space in our house for this.  How elated was he to reunite with it once again.  Seafood unlimited gets lots of points in our book and we will be back again. 
BTW- absolutely the best fish tacos in PhillyI live about two blocks from Seafood Unlimited and had eaten here many times prior to their renovation. My wife and I liked the simple, warm decor and tasty seafood with a neighborhood feel. Since the renovation, the atmosphere is more contemporary and trendy. While they have kept some things like the long mirrors on the walls and tiled mosaic decorations, there is a new bar which looks cool and new cushioned bench seating along the walls. There is also blue back-lighting which gives the restaurant a trendy, underwater feel.
As for the food, I had the crab cakes with a side of fries and steamed vegetables. I used to really enjoy their crab cakes, and to be honest, it wasn't as tasty as I remember. I appreciate simple side dishes, but the steamed veggies were really just steamed veggies without any seasoning or much flavor. I think the prices were also higher than they used to be.
Additionally, I used to buy fresh fish from Seafood Unlimited. I am not sure if they still offer this, but I did not see the fish on display. I'll have to ask about that next time. 
Overall, the decor is not really better or worse, just different (more trendy). The food was not quite as good as it used to be, although I have only been there once and will definitely give it another try (may have been an off night).Came here tonight for "happy hour" and was pretty impressed. I have been looking for a place in Philly to get good, reasonably-priced and fresh seafood, and I think I may have found it here. I am always skeptical because Philly isn't on the ocean, and at some other restaurants around the city that won't be named, the seafood I have eaten tastes fresh from the freezer. Almost everything that my friend and I ordered here, though, actually tasted fresh.
My friend and I ordered $5 margaritas and a bunch of appetizers that definitely filled us up. We started off with the calamari stuffed with crabmeat. The portion was relatively small, but the flavor made up for it. It basically tasted like grilled calamari wrapped around crabcakes--yum. Next, we had the better part of a dozen raw clams and oysters. My favorite were the clams, but each of the clams and oysters are only $1 for happy hour, so I would definitely recommend trying both and then ordering more of what you like. We then ordered mussels in green curry sauce, which sounded like a weird combination. I was skeptical, but it ended up tasting pretty good. I think the dish needed a few pieces of baguette or toast on the side for dipping, though, to get a better sense of the flavor. Finally, we ordered the crab spring rolls. I probably liked these the least because they were a little too oily, but there was a decent amount of crab inside them, so overall they were ok.
It is true that they let you order off the happy hour menu from 5 - close, at least on a Wednesday night. The thing that I found strange about the happy hour was that the drinks were definitely discounted and so were the clams and oysters on the raw bar, but the rest of the food items listed on their "happy hour" menu were the same prices listed on the dinner menu. We only found this out because we came hungry and wanted to look at both menus to decide if the appetizer-sized portions would be filling enough. Even if they would have knocked $1 off each of the appetizers listed on the happy hour menu, I would have found their happy hour offerings more legitimate...  I'll definitely be back, though.Restaurant week is just an excuse for my bf and I to dine out. We decided on seafood unlimited since its a restaurant we haven't tried. They were very accommodating since the reservation was only for 2 and they were fine with adding another person so last minute. When we arrived, it was empty but it could be that we made reservation for lunch super early. The hostess and waiter were really friendly.
Appetizers were just ok- we got clam chowder and fried wontons. 
Entrees - Salmon and Sea Bass. We thought that the sea bass tasted better than the salmon after we added salt. Food was just ok and it was sort of bland. Good thing the waiter came over and gave us salt and pepper! I wished that the entrees were seasoned better. The way the food was cooked, served and presented were great! If only they made the seasoning better and we would've love the entrees. :/
Desserts- We each ordered different desserts. Chocolate mousse, carrot cake and pumpkin bread pudding - all were just ok.
Decor wise - they have this mosaic moral on the wall! Very cool to look at
Overall, we were glad to have tried this place for lunch and not for dinner.Rudest Store in Philadelphia
I went in to buy a piece of fish. shouldn't be that difficult, right? i stood there waiting for many minutes while ALL of the staff ignored me. finally, someone bothered to show up to help me. he had come in from outside. he ran his hands under the water, no soap. when i questioned what good that was, he said "fine, i'll go upstairs and wash my hands. i'll be back in 2 hrs." wow. buying a piece of fish a block from rittenhouse sq just shouldn't require combat pay. riding my bike and extra 10 blocks r/t to whole foods was so worth it! remind me NEVER to go in seafood unlimited EVER again. thank you.I have lived in Philly for 15 years and never stepped into Seafood Unlimited.  Then, the outdoor tables beckoned on a beautiful October evening.   Now, I have been there twice in ten days.
This is NOT a trendy scene.  Try Snackbar or Rouge or Parc for that.  This is a classic Philadelphia dining experience- just a few steps above a diner- with value in mind.  BYOB is now available.  The HH menu goes all night long.  $5 mussels, cocktails, and other goodies.  My friend and I sampled 3 HH menu items + 2 margaritas.  Yummy.
Props to our server M- super sweet and attentive.What an excellent evening out!  My friend and I stumbled upon this place and didn't want to leave!  The food was incredible- I requested non fried calamari and the chef improvised his own special creation.  The owner and bartender were a great source of cheerful banter.  We will definitely be back.
They also have a fantastic happy hr menu from 5-midnight... check it out!There was an unpleasant spoiled fishy smell to this restaurant. (We should have left then). The beet salad was tiny and had what tasted like canned beets. The crab cakes were tasteless and the steamed vegetables were uninspired at best. A sad baked potato topped off the boring meal. Our waiter was efficient enough but would be better suited to a job in a cheesesteak truck.If you are looking for a place with a fresh menu that rotates, this is the place for you. The crab ragoon, Ahi Tuna dish, and cake were all ridiculously good! #philadelphia #restaurantweekSomeone told us that seafood unlimited was the best seafood in the city so we had to try it...sorry to say but that was not true at all.  Almost all of the items that we ate were average.  The new england clam chowder was good. The seafood cobb salad, the mussels, and the Panko Crusted Sea Bass were all average. Nothing to rave about.  On top of the food being average, the bill wasn't that cheap. I wouldn't mind spending the money if the food was very good, but it just wasn't.  There are better seafood places in the city.There are so many good restaurants in Philly- please don't eat here. The food all tasted frozen.  I had buffalo shrimp. It was coated in batter, not cooked the whole way and the shrimp was rubber. Then I had the salmon burger. It was hard, stale roll, and had bad flavor. The creamed spinach was frozen spinach dipped in milk.  My husband got the mussels. They were covered in goopy sauce and tasted rotten. To top it all off, the waiter was sick. Coughing, hacking and sneezing on our food. I am sure I am going to catch his cold or get food poisoning. Try Dimitri's for fresh, good seafood with the same cute neighborhood appeal.We took the Happy Hour special where dishes are $5 per plate. The portion is good for 2 pax. We had the chicken quesadila and quarter spicy chicken. Don't mind visiting it again.The food is amazing. I had scallops with a pecan pesto sauce and a shrimp risotto (it was a special of the day) and my boyfriend had shrimp and gnocchi. Both were perfect! It's a little small and we were very close to another party but it wasn't a problem. We will definitely be back!The seafood was amazingly delicious. My brother from another mother never had a whole lobster and we oicked this place for dinner on a Saturday night. The perfect choice. Everything was so good from the ambiance, appetizers,  and dinner. The only downfall is parking.Mediocre... which in Philly means you should skip it, because there are much better options for the money you will spend here!
Food was the major problem. The fish tacos were a joke - fried pieces of fish with no sauce and no flavor. They have a "snacks" happy hour menu that comes with about 1 item per order - so if you get the "fish tacos" snack, I believe you get 1 taco. Other food was similarly mediocre.
Service was pretty good but not terribly friendly. Place was almost empty. Also, the lighting in the restaurant is this horrible neon blue! Will not be back.Strange vibe in this small almost a hole in the wall.
Mussels were so so.  Pieces of shells stuck to the mussels, but most of the sand was cleaned out.
No paper towels in the bathroom, and no wipes or towels offered after using hands to eat shellfish.
Is there one decent seafood place in Center City?  The hunt continues.Seafood Unlimited has fresh fish to take home just like they always did.Seafood NOT unlimited. Quite the opposite.
Closed on Sundays??? News to me until I found out this past sunday as a staff member/possible owner says "Yea, closed on Sundays until it warms up a bit" as he walked out at around 6pm. Nothing posted online or on the doors.  Surely this information would have been useful as it would have saved my friends and I the trip.  Not going to "one star" this place but really poor management style and not the best communication for hungry oyster seekers. Seafood Unlimited, you have not given me a solid first impression.
So until you think the weather is warm enough, fellow Yelpers, Seafood (Un)limited is closed on Sundays. Go to Oyster House.Went last Thursday during rest. week everything was great. The menu selection as well as the food. The server was nice despite previous reviews. Going back tonight for unlimited mussels. Great go to spot for a quick outing and bite to eat.I seriously cannot get enough of this place! The happy hour is the best in the city, running from 5pm-close EVERYDAY!  The small bar menu is fantastic for a little snack or a bunch of small plates to share with friends. The buffalo shrimp are amazing, they get it right every time. With local beers on draft and seasonal cocktail menus, there is always something new and different to try.
I love the "mom and pop" type ambiance, you always feel like a local when you walk in and the food is comfort food all the way. You can go to some more expensive seafood places in the city, but if you want that local flare, Seafood Unlimited is the only place to go!Warm atmosphere delicious soups,food loved the buck-a-shuck clams, the hospitality of my serverRestaurants were crowded tonight so stopped in empty Seafood Unlimited. My wife wondered why it was so empty since our experience had been that the food was excellent. After waiting for awhile to order a drink then another while to get a drink we placed our order. We had to ask for water. I had to get up and go to the bar to get another drink. The waiter hardly ever stopped by. Worse service I have seen in a Philly restaurant ever. Now we know why they were empty. Great food but you need to be willing to be frustrated by the lack of service. Never again will we eat there. Too many good restaurants around.came here for brunch with a friend because we were enticed by the bottomless mimosas. food was generic but relatively tasty. Mimosas were very strong which was great! They were made one at a time, not in poured from a gigantic premixed diluted pitcher like at some other places that also have bottomless mimosas. 
We came here at noon on a Saturday and there was only one other table of people.
The guy running the show during brunch was kind of rude. And there were some awkward exchanges between him and the guests next to us. I even heard him telling the waitress to try to sell us sparkling water instead of giving us tap..because he "still has to pay for tap water" but is giving it away for free. I felt bad for the wait staff. 
These exchanges kinda turned me off to the place..though I was too happy from the 4 mimosas I had had to care at the time.Went here during restaurant week last summer.  Much too salty and generally not terribly exciting.I occasionally purchase fresh seafood here, most recently live lobsters.  The seafood is nice (I've also gotten scallops and salmon), and the place is conveniently located.  I don't care for the ambiance, which is why I don't go there to eat.  Somehow it's always a little awkward when I'm getting fish from the case, like they are surprised I am there.  Also, it is common for the employees to have no idea how much the stuff costs.  But, they always have a couple decent beers on tap at the little bar, and it's nice that they are BYOW despite having a liquor license.This was a restaurant that I had walked by a few times and became curious about since moving to its neighborhood. So I decided to check it out for dinner this past weekend. Didn't quite know what to expect as i had never really seen the inside as its kinda hidden by its bar in the front window. 
First impression as i walked in was holy shit, the floor looks like my parents old bathroom...before it got redone. Definitely a sort of dive type place with a personal following as there was some loud dude at the bar rambling about god knows what... But onto the food.
This place is also apparently BYOW, which i didn't realize until we sat down, so that's always a plus. We started off with some Oysters which were nice size, but standard. It might also be that for the most part, all oysters taste the same to me, there i said it. But anyway, for the main, we both decided on the crab cakes(2 per plate) with a choice of standard potato and veg sides. All in all it was a nice meal, but nothing to rave about. I would definitely go again to try some of the other cuts of fish. But that might be cause its really close to my house.Can't say enough about this place. The food was incredible and the staff are super friendly and helpful. I had the best New England clam chowder I have ever had.  And I've had a lot of clam chowder. My waitress suggested the soft shell crab since they are in season; and I am beyond happy that I took her reco. They had run out of the risotto, so they subbed in this amazing garlicky rice. Everything was amazing. Everyone come here!!!!Bad news: Seafood Unlimited is a misnomer. Seafood Unlimited should always be a misnomer. There is nothing unlimited about edible seafood and very well there shouldn't be. Still I tried this place for the promise of a happy hour menu...which turned out to be identical to their regular menu. 
The only unlimited thing at Seafood Unlimited was the shellfish. The $1 oysters were totally tasteless. As in no salt whatsoever. A friend in the restaurant business tells me that this happens when oysters are placed in ice but the ice melts and rinses out all the flavor. Translation: this seafood restaurant that doesn't know how to store oysters. On the plus side, the flavorful Clams were also $1.
We moved on to the Crab Stuffed Calamari which was, for lack of a better word, YUMMMMMM!
We moved on to Crab Spring Rolls, which were crammed with moist crab, but sadly the deep frying sucked out all the flavor. But props for not skimping on an expensive ingredient.
We concluded with the Mussels in Thai green curry but this was one of those unfortunate situations where putting two mediocre things together doesn't improve either one.
I know I deserve a scolding for expecting decent seafood in a city known for the lack thereof. Just keep in mind that there are definite, well-known limits to the quality of seafood in Philly in general so I actually almost feel guilty docking them (no pun intended...).Can I give four and a half stars? 
Dear Seafood Unlimited, Where have you been all my life? 
I've heard the name "Seafood Unlimited" countless times in pursuit of my next culinary adventure. However I never knew where it was, or heard any rave reviews (or had even spoken to someone who had dined there). On Thursday night I made the last minute decision to give it a try and I am so happy that I did!
The restaurant itself is very unassuming. The decor is nothing to write home about, with the exception of the fresh seafood tank situated at the entrance. Knowing that my dinner was coming out of this tank, as opposed to a prep tray in a walk-in was quite comforting. Rumor has it that they have happy hour every night from 5 til close (though I'm not sure how since the bar seats three people). 
The most refreshing thing about this restaurant for me was not the just fish, but the menu selection. This is not your run-of-the-mill grilled salmon, seared scallops, shrimp capellini menu that you've seen at every seafood establishment in the city. While they have the classics like fried calamari and steamed littlenecks, they also have less common dishes like tuna teriyaki and scrod (I don't know what scrod is). I was torn between the tuna teriyaki and the bouillabaisse so I asked for a recommendation from our server. She leaned towards the bouillabaisse so I put my palette in her hands and oh my gosh I'm glad I did!
I started with raw oysters and they were accompanied by my only criticism of the night - they were served with cocktail sauce. I'm not sure how difficult it is to make mignonette, but I found myself longing for its presence in lieu of the overpowering cocktail sauce. That said, the oysters were fresh and delicious. But they paled in comparison to the bouillabaisse. The shrimp, clams, mussels, scallops, and whitefish were all perfectly cooked and the broth was to die for. I would have polished off the broth when I finished if I thought it would not have been frowned upon. 
The service was friendly, the atmosphere was nice, the prices are very reasonable, but the star of this show is the food. While living in a city with an endless selection of restaurants, it's rare that I start planning my return trip before leaving the restaurant. But I will be back. Soon.I am from Florida and they have the best fried shrimp. Period.
This place will do anything to make you happy, so just talk with Dave if you have a problem.
Note:  I hate reading reviews about silly things that could have been fixed if you just ask.  So speak up when you eat out people and give'em a chance to make you happy.