I love this restaurant!  The food is delicious and fresh, and the staff is always accommodating.  Last night I had the Pecking Duck Fried Rice -- YUM!!!  The crabmeat Siu Mai is the best ive had, I get it every time we go.  My husband got the seafood delight which came out sizzling on a skillet. He said it was delicious.  This place is great, and the fact they have a full bar and are right in the neighborhood is why they get 5 stars from me.I don't understand the 3.5 average for this place - it's fantastic. I've never eaten in house, always delivery, but the food comes quickly and it tastes great. Perhaps it's a little pricey, but I'm willing to pay the extra for the quality of the food. Also the fact that I get both Chinese AND Japanese food delivered simultaneously... I just can't say too many good things about Shan Chaun.It's a spacious but somehow still cozy Chinese/Japanese restaurant on the corner of Ridge and Midvale. The Chinese food is fresh and tasty, the sushi is fresh, good fish, and the staff is gentle and friendly. I've a lot of dietary restrictions, and they're totally helpful with working around them, which is pleasant. Overall, it's a really comfortable place to get food, and I'd recommend!Hi,
Food was sub-par, but what's worse it came an hour late!
We ordered online at 5:39pm got the order at 6:50pm, definitely not worth the hour and twenty minute wait.
Customer service is horrible the manager was yelling at my wife over the phone I could hear him while I was standing next her when she called to complain.
We will never order from here again!
Regards,
Not happyAfter a long and rainy drive from Raleigh, we wanted some take out Chinese near where we are staying in East Falls.  Reviews on Yelp led us to Shan Chuan.   We only tried two entries, a spring roll and an egg roll, but all were good to very good.   The lomein was especially good,  with lots of roast pork.  Not the cheapest take out Chinese, but serving sizes are huge.1st of all this is a diamond in the rough considering the area, I applaud them for not opening up the same o same o "Chinese food star" bulletproof stand up joint that plagues the Philadelphia city but I digress... So here you can still order the all time holy General Tso's Chicken and a plethora of traditional noodles & Chinese dishes, but the highlight here is definitely the Japanese menu. I am in no way shape or form a sushi expert, though I am far from a novice, with that said  Ive had some melt in your mouth cuts here. 
The have a small sushi bar with cool Japanese chefs & also have a full liquor bar serving specialty drinks, beer, wine, and sake. My aunt lives right around the corner from this place so I walk here anytime im in town. Service is great they treat you with respect. A great choice if you have cheesesteaks & pizzas oozing out your ears and eyes everyday!As I read other people's reviews on Chinese restaurants in the area I keep seeing the recurring theme (and I feel it too) that We are all still looking for the One.  
One theory I have developed is the no MSG thing.  MSG tastes good.  All these whiners who get headaches or grow extra limbs from it have ruined it for the rest of us.  Another theory that I think is also a factor is when restauranteurs  veer from what they know in order to shoot for a demographic that they think they can conquer.  In fancy restaurants this is called Fusion and it often fails.  In cheap Asian restaurants it is accomplished by adding Sushi to the menu.
Shan Chuan is another victim to this Con-Fusion.  I walked in and was immediately struck by the Chinese guy standing behind a sushi bar.  As a general rule, I avoid con-fused restaurants but on this occasion I was only there because the Fall Taproom was closed due to no heat and I needed to fill my belly.  I also entered a little before the dinner rush, having missed lunch, and I was the only guest upon arrival.
I was greeted by my waiter who was preparing for dinner by folding napkins.  He gave me my choice of tables, got me a menu and then went back to napkin folding.  
One of the things that I usually enjoy about Chinese restaurants is the nearly overbearing waitstaff who hover and see to every need almost as soon as it becomes one.  They constantly refill water glasses etc.  HEre, there were quite a few people on staff but the only one I had contact with was my napkin folding waiter and he clearly had to finish this before the dinner rush because it took him a while to get back to me to take my order.
I asked for Won Ton Soup, an Egg Roll and the Crispy Orange Beef.  My above timing complaint aside, the soup was fast and the subsequent courses arrived at appropriate intervals.  I drink a lot of water though and I was disappointed in the refill frequency.  
One other notable factor to my dinner was that both the egg roll and the beef were fried and both were just a tad too crunchy and over-fried; not inedibly so but noticeable.  
Lastly, I was feeling self indulgent so when napkin folder brought me my check and take home box I inquired about dessert.  He brought me the menu back and there were fried bananas so I ordered them.  This time around they were not over cooked but I felt that there was something missing.  Maybe a dipping sauce.  They were served, six pieces on a large plate sprinkled with crumbled peanuts and with one concentrated area of sugar that I didn't find in the dark room until I had already consumed as many banana chunks as I was going to.  The sugar would have improved the taste significantly.
So basically what I saying here is I'm still looking for my go to Chinese place.My go to place for delivery sushi in east falls. Decent quality and a little pricey but overall good. The people who work there a really nice and try to help you out the best that they can.We've eaten here more times I would like to admit. My 6 year old son enjoyed the sushi and my daughter LOVES the soups. It's a great family restaurant, we are always seated quickly, even when it's crowded. We've been going since December and had one mistake in our order which I think are pretty good considering the odds.So this place is like my ride or die of takeout. I've lived in East Falls for about three years, and it's the only restaurant in close proximity that has offered consistently good food at a reasonable price. Their veggies are always fresh, and I really count on them for a quick dinner on those nights where I get home from work and absolutely can't think of cooking. Their sushi is a nice lighter option, and I love that I can pick up a cold six pack with my food if the mood strikes me! The service is always fast and friendly; I've never had anything but positive experiences here. Definitely a neighborhood gem.Great sushi delivery!!! After having a great dinning experience during the week. Thought I would try out the delivery service. Extremely impressed with the fresh fish. Beautiful and tasty.Favorite local Chinese. Even delivers! And always yummy.I had semi-high hopes for this place.  It was okay, but not good enough for me to go back there or ever to think about dealing with trying to find a parking spot to pick up food.  
I still don't understand why its impossible to get good solid Chinese food outside of Chinatown in Philadelphia.Better for delivery than in restaurant dining. Tea does have an essence of an ashtray (someone else mentioned in a prior review). Better than other standard chinese box stores and recommended for quick serve chinese / japanese. Sushi is 4/5. Favorite dish is Wok Seared Shrimp - highly recommended.I really like this place.  I get delivery from here about 3 times a month.  They always get the order right and the food is great.The food was quite bland and definitely overpriced. The service was quick, but I do not plan on returning.gave this place a try last night. a coworker and i were working an event last night and ordered dinner from here. delivery was super fast, came in about 30 minutes and the food was really good...i mean for typical chinese, i suppose. i got the shrimp lo mein and an egg roll. it arrived packaged well, hot, and fresh. coworker ordered a bunch of different sushi rolls...one of them being the sweet potato roll?! intriguing...i might try that next time...Perfect neighborhood Chinese restaurant- food is terrific, delivery is crazy fast and nice mix of standard stuff and things you don't normally see. Plus the owners and staff are really, really nice- anchor of the neighborhood.My meal came in a timely fashion, but that's about it's only shining moment. I ordered the chicken with cashew nuts. Not only was it bland, it was 95% filler. The fried rice was flavorless same with the egg rolls (pork). It came with no exaggeration, less than 10 inch size pieces of chicken and a small handful of cashews. The picture is all the chicken removed and the filler left.I normally get take-out from this joint but you can definitely eat in.  Delivery can be a little spotty - some days it's quick other days it can take an hour.
Try the beef and shrimp in black bean sauce.  yum.  you can ask for things made with all white meat chicken too.  their sushi is also pretty good.I like San Chuan for the fake meat options (I am vegan). The lunch menu has a few choices. The food is delicious but all the available fake meat options taste the same (Gen. tso, sesame, orange, sweet and sour). The Bok Choy with mushrooms is average.This is the closest Asian take-out to my house. Thus, the reason I order from here. I don't want to order but sometimes you're too tired to do anything else. I have tried several item- sweet and sour (whatever meat), broccoli and chicken, pea pods and chicken, orange chicken, lemon chicken, egg drop soup, wonton soup, crab rangoons, etc etc. None of which have been that tasty. The leftovers are sometimes eaten but usually just sit in the fridge until I throw them out. They are, however, very quick to deliver and friendly on the phone when ordering. I just wish the food was tasty.I love this place it's not exceptional but it's really good. They have Great quality inexpensive food. I usually get the sushi but the Chinese food is great to. My qualm is their terrible egg drop soup. But I'll be back again!Delicious sushi! Super fast delivery and friendly/professional delivery people.
Variety of rolls 
Real sushi 
Clean restaurant, although small dining spaceLove it here it's close its clean the people are very nice and they have free delivery so I'll always tip decent ..it's very good and the Area of East Falls is so nice good location!!! I am very pleased,I'll have to bookmark thisgreat sushi, solid chinese food. excellent lunch specials.
eat in, take out, or delivery I am always pleased with my shan chuan experience.This was ok. I had high expectations because of all the high reviews, but would definitely try another place before coming here again. I had the sesame chicken with hot and spicy soup.I'm upset about these bad reviews.  Here's my take - great food delivered to your door in no time for a great price.  How can you lose??  Okay, it's not Morimoto or even Raw, but it is also not priced like it is.  
Shan Chuan, please never leave East Falls.  If you do, I'll be waiting hours and hours for Tiffin to deliver every time I don't feel l like going out.  Thanks for always being there - even in heaps and heaps of snow.Boy oh boy where do I begin..the atmosphere of the restaurant  so eclectic that you really thought you were in for a treat from the extensive menu to the kimono wearing sushi chef.... The facilities were clean and decor nice... So I decided to order the chicken teriyaki  entree and a shrimp tempura roll... The presentation was nice ..food portions we're plentiful.. unfortunately the food wasn't on par with the ambiance... They chicken had a cornstarch batter and had a horrid slimy texture with no seasoning in a thin watered down sauce... I looked for the shrimp tempura roll for redemption but sadly.. to no avail.. When in the city of brotherly love.. I would steer clear of this place4 stars for vegetarian options!
I have twice gotten the mock sweet and sour chicken and avacado cuke rolls- both were delicious both times. Piping hot and when I called in and picked up, it was ready in exactly 15 minutes form call time. The guy at the counter was very friendly too.
However- called for takeout last week. I live about 15 in walking distance- can literally make it there in 5 minutes from the car, but I was feeling super lazy so we ordered in. I had to call them when it hit past an hour thinking they forgot about us. They likely did, but came about 20 minutes later with very hot food. Total time 1 hour and 20 minutes from call. Really decent food, great options for a vegetarian, but I would caution the delivery option.I recently got take out here. The portions and prices for the lunch specials weren't bad at all. I like the fact that they have Chinese and Japanese foods in the same place. I will be back again to try the dinner menu and some of their ethnic beer.Quiet. Not particularly busy for a Saturday night. Friendly, prompt service. Enjoyed the Chinese pizza. My partner enjoyed the Mock Sesame Chicken and I really liked the Mock Orange Chicken. And the drinks were reasonable.On the fly review: got some chicken fried rice to go.  At ten dollars, I could have funded the Mars rover project or gotten two full rolls somewhere else.  I did like the challenge of eating it without the benefit of a fork.  To pretend I'm a frisky manatee grazing some sea grass, or that vacuum thing with eyes from the Teletubbies?  The adventure continues with trying to coat each rice grain with duck sauce, as they very judiciously provided one (1) packet only.  Wiping my food-spattered face with my sleeve as I type, because hey, no napkins either.  Got to get back to teaching my class, so no chance of driving back to normalize my meal in any way.  As ever, the hipster lint trap of EF/Manayunk overcharges and under-delivers.Excellent Chinese fare, reasonably priced. Hot n Sour soup a particular standout. I got a 5-pc sushi sampler app for 8 bucks - great price - and the fish was really high quality. Full bar too, with lots of foofy cocktails. I like the E.Falls neighborhood too!  Kid friendly: Junior (age 6) liked his gyoza; he lives for dumplings.90 minutes for delivery at 9:00pm on Friday  night....just to receive cold mushy vegetable tempura and the smallest cucumber roll I've ever seen. 
Best part?  I paid $20.00 just for that!!
GROSSSSS!!!!!!!!I was skeptical about coming back due to past experiences not so positive. but i must say now that im a big fan of their sushi. Haven't tried their chinese menu yet but i will for sure soonAbsolutely love Shan Chuan! The Chinese food is incredibly delicious and the sushi is to die for! Who doesn't love to have high quality sushi delivered to your door! The owners and staff are really nice and friendly. I've never had a bad meal!My boyfriend and I have been frequenting Shan Chuan at least 3 times a month since we moved here 4 years ago. We have always had wonderful experiences and I can't recommend this place enough!
Have a cold? Feeling icky? Their wonton soup is like a magic potion. Do you like sushi but your boyfriend likes Chinese food? They have BOTH. It is a little pricier than your standard Chinese place but it's so worth it for the quality. Their sushi is priced well and always fresh. 
I wish I could afford to eat here twice a week :) their service is top notch. We've eaten in, picked up and gotten delivery without any issues.After getting my hair done, my guy surprised me with a delightful little bag full of the best sushi I've had in a While.  The shrimp tempura roll was so good that I've been thinking about ever since.  There were also some pieces of yellowtail, which I didn't care for at all.  But that roll -- so good!  Yes, this review is based on one roll only.  It was so good!This is the restaurant that consistently fills my family's stomachs with delicious food, while providing friendly and excellent customer service. Whether delivery or dine in, the food is excellent! Shan Chuan is our go-to Chinese restaurant and it has never disappointed. The sushi is very fresh and well made, so whether you order from the Chinese or the Japanese side of the menu, you won't be disappointed.Good sushi and a solid line-up of Chinese selections. I really enjoy the beef with broccoli and the spicy crunchy tuna roll.I hate to say it but this was the worst General Tso and fried rice I've ever had in my life. I'm not typically one to complain and I'm not a picky eater but wow, I was shocked at how bad this was. 
I had the mock general tso a few months ago. The sauce had a slight after taste but nothing to stop me from eating it - for the most part, I was satisfied. 
But the real general tso...my god it was bad. The sauce was unimpressive, the meat itself was incredibly chewy. (I'm aware that you can't expect prime chicken cutlets from these places- - but still). I expect chewy general tso the second day, but not straight from the restaurant. The rice was cooked weird. It was very soft and clumped in places, and there was a odd taste to it. 
The only saving grace to this meal was the soup and the eggroll. I always had an idea of these type of places in that, some are better than others, but no matter what, they'll always at least be edible and will get the job done. I've never had chinese-american food this terrible. And Id be hesitant to eat here again. 
I'm a huge noodle person, so I'll probably get the lo mein at some point but I'd think twice about coming here. It just sucks because this is the closet place like this that is near to me.I like this place to order out. I never ate in. They always give plenty of food and I would say a notch above other Chinese restaurants I ordered from in the area. Nothing extraordinary, but a solid option.Drinks are fairly cheap and the sushi is delicious. I ordered the shrimp tempura roll and added cream cheese. Server was nice and we spent about $70 on two people but that's with drinks and about 6 rolls. Atmosphere is pretty chill and casual. Cute first date spot. We came for one of our first date spots nearly 10 years ago!Great sushi.  I don't understand why anyone orders the Chinese food, since this is clearly a sushi restaurant.  It boggles the mind.
If you'd like some fresh, expertly rolled sushi, this place is great.  They also make excellent miso soup.Food is always tasty and hot! My  go to is general tso chicken. It's always been delicious!I don't frequent this place even though it is in the neighborhood and was only there once.  The food was decent.  Good prices and atmosphere.  Only, the tea they served at the table tasted really funky - dirty - nasty. Like dirty feet, wet cigarettes.  I don't think I will be back.Super fresh sushi tuna and salmon. Just the right amount of rice. I wanted avocado with my fish and they easily accommodated. I love my sushi with hot sake. Delicious meal. Great presentation. I've had their sushi for takeout at least half a dozen times and truly enjoy it. My go to place in East Falls!This is one of two favorite Chinese and Japanese  restaurants! The staff is pleasant, sushi is fresh and they deliverGeneral tso chicken is best around. Fried rice and wonton soup is also Good. Delivery is always fast. A solid choice no matter what you order.Hot & sour soup quite good.  Egg rolls okay.  Hunan chicken very good and plenty of it.  Decor seems more Japanese than Chinese, but very nice in either case.  Street parking, which was okay when I went but might get tougher later in the evening.  Courteous service.  I will go back.Amazing Chinese/Japanese food for an unassuming restaurant. Service is polite and friendly. Just an all around good place to goQuite good, not great. But really reasonable.
Its my neighborhood chinese restaurant and I enjoy my bi-monthly visit. The food is good. I especially enjoy their hot and sour soup. Also, their homemade crispy noodles with their homemade duck sauce is the best i've had. 
The sushi is nothing to rave about, but surely nothing to complain about.
Service is always good, and have never had some of the issues some had complaints about (i.e. the tea always tastes good).Shan Chuan was my favorite Chinese place to order takeout from in East Falls. If you've moved to the neighborhood, you have to make this your Chinese delivery place.  The food is fantastic, my favorite is the eggplant. I will admit, I once ordered it with the lamb, and was disappointed by the lamb. The meat was tough, just not that tender slice of lamb I was expecting. But everything else is delicious. They have a great lunch special as well, entree, soup, and egg roll for less than $10 with tip. Their sushi is pretty decent too. Another great place in Philadelphia that I miss!I kind of have a problem with the name of this place- like, I can never say it right.  San Juan?  San Chan?  Shan Juan? What!
I got takeout from Shan Chuan and it was pretty decent.  We got a variety of sushi rolls- all of which were fresh and delicious.   This will become the new sushi place.  The dumplings were a little fishy for my liking but hey, can't win em all.  Prices were reasonable.  Things were ready quickly.
The inside is really nothing to write home about.  Living in the hood, I'd rather just grab and go or have it delivered.great food.  comes hot and they are willing to deliver quickly.  staff are friendly and helpful.They have ALWAYS taken care of me here.  Most of the time it is very quick for ordering out (on the phone as well)..  It rarley takes more then 20 min, but it happens.
I suggest the beef satay sticks for sure!  (and they are super nice as well)Good sushi, quick service, and reasonably priced. One thing that bothered me about this place was that my water glass had a lipstick smudge on it, and I wasn't wearing any lipstick. I asked for a new glass that appeared to be equally dirty (maybe I was just paranoid at that point). 
I'd go back since it's the best sushi found in the area thus far.Great sushi! The chips and dip is amazing too that they bring you before dinner. Full bar with cool drinks! However, the service isn't that good and I was going to tip the waitress more than I gave but I asked if I could have a little spicy sauce on my sushi roll and she charged me for it and didn't mention it! Very rude...so her tip was $2 less than it could've been. But other than that, great food. Lunch specials are the bestDon't know why it took me so long to write a review for this place, as it is our GO-TO when it comes to chinese takeout.  Never actually been to the venue, so I can't speak for that, but the delivery eats don't disappoint.
We have become almost weekly customers.  The chinese dishes for takeout standards are quite good.  Nothing out of the ordinary - but great for your typical favorites.  Ours usually are hot and sour soup, general tso's shrimp, chicken lo mein.  it's a bonus that they have a sushi menu as well   I usually veto doing sushi takeout - i don't know just seems better as a in-restaurant meal.  But their rolls are not bad at all - the crunchy spicy tuna and salmon rolls are usually our picks, with a side of the sashimi appetizer. 
Not the cheapest place in the world, but they are always timely with their orders - under 40 min for us usually.  A great choice for a lazy evening when you don't feel like cooking and want to indulge in some tasty chinese comfort food.Best place to get Sushi or Chinese Food in or near Manayunk. Hands down. I tried another spot a few weeks ago and was very disappointed. Place has great food, great service, and great prices. Rolls are huge and very tasty. If you want good Sushi and live near or around the MNYK-ROX-EFALLS area, try this place out. You won't be disappointed.Kenny and the crew at Shan Chuan have been taking care of my family since they first opened.
Good food and they have a liquor license.
If you live in the neighborhood you can it delivered, and we have always had quick delivery of our orders.It's not too pricey the sweet and sour chicken lunch special is my favorite, the honey walnut shrimp not a fan of being that I'm use to having it in a sweet mayo sauce not a soy sauce, but overall the food is good, the waitress is fast and it is an okay atmosphereMediocre Chinese food. Very quick delivery which is always a plus! Went to the actual restaurant once and. My fond of the environment, dingy and sad looking. We will stick to occasional food deliveries for now.We must get delivery from here 2 nights a week on average. They have great sushi, dinners, soups, everything is really consistently good. Also living in Dobson mills apartments, they deliver right to our door and is the only delivery place in the area that will do that. Highly highly recommend (at least for takeout/delivery as we've never actually eaten at the restaurant).This is definitely a hidden gem. The food is good, there is a bar and they are GOOD drinks. We usually come on a Friday, never too busy. They have homemade duck sauce which is AMAZING. This is an Americanized place, nothing traditional really but they do offer sushi and the normal Chinese store dishes. The servers are funny and always quick.Mediocre Chinese food. Very quick delivery which is always a plus! Went to the actual restaurant once and. Not fond of the environment, dingy and sad looking. We will stick to occasional food deliveries for now.They have the best Chinese food in the area. Don't stop by without getting the salt & pepper wings (even though it's not always on the menu) they also have a great bar and cheap drinks! If you don't order...Stop in have a drink and yummy food !I don't know why I can't learn my lesson about this place. After taking 4-6 months off due to disappointing low quality food, I tried again today. It was so gross that we're throwing most of it away.... the fried dumplings were most edible, hard and very salty. The Dan Dan noodles were a huge pile of starch with greasy, unseasoned peanut sauce and big hunks of stir-fried chicken. They were also mostly edible. The hunan shrimp tasted like salt and seawater, as of they were old or unrinsed. There were pieces of black bean in it, so maybe they just made the wrong thing? The beef szechuan we could barely touch. It was more like skin than meat. Ever had general tso's chicken that's 100% breading and sauce? This was like that except the breading was thin and sticky, sweet being the primary flavor. We couldn't stomach enough to search for pieces that might actually have beef in it. 
Now you can only curse yourself when, in a moment of lazy weakness, you order it anyway and give yourself diarrhea.My review is more about the service I received the other day as opposed to the food.
The food in my opinion is pretty good.
My experience was this:
I ordered delivery as I was stuck at work and completely unable to leave, I work less than a half mile from Shan Chuan.
When my food was delivered I mis-calculated the tip in my head and told the driver to just give me a five and keep the difference.
His immediate reaction was, "What? 50 cents? That's all your tipping me?"
I immediately realized my mistake and corrected my error only to have the driver walk off in a huff.
I didn't really think about it until later but they charge a premium for delivery, so if what I chose was to only give the driver fifty cents he should have been thankful to get it at all. Now I would never do that, but I've been a delivery guy and I didn't always get a tip, but I was always appreciative for every cent I got.
Oh yeah, and a $15 minimum for credit cards is ridiculous, I'm only one person.
I hope that someone from Shan Chuan reads this because I would certainly want to know that my employees are turning customers off to their service.I went to Shan Chuan yesterday for dinner. I ordered the take out and this was the first time ever eating there. I ordered the Maki Maki Dinner and it was so good! The dinner included the following: 6 pieces of California roll, six pieces of Spicy Tuna, Miso Soup, 4 pieces of shrimp tempura and Ginger Salad. Holy crap it was good. i tried to eat half and save some but that didn't work. I would definitely get food from here again. And the best part was that it only took ten minutes.We like it and have gone a number of times. We only have the Chinese food and we find it to be consistently good.They are great! Tried four different places before we found Shan Chuan. It's now our go to spot when we order chinese food. Always hot when delivered and it doesn't taste like take out. Meaning it's actual good and you don't feel guilty for having eaten it.There appeared to be one server, I had to wait about 10 mins to be seated, and there were not many people there.  I had chicken fried rice and a vegetable spring roll that turned out to be a shrimp spring roll- not good if you have a shellfish allergy like I do.  I also ordered a coke, never received.  At least the chicken fried rice was really good, and the prices are very reasonable.This is my go to for Chinese delivery in East Falls, although that's not saying much. Shan Chuan is inconsistent, from barely edible to pretty good. Prices are steep for Chinese but without the quality factor that Han Dynasty brings to the table. However it does meet the Chinese craving when I don't have a bag of frozen Chinese from the grocery store to heat up. Be careful with your order if heavy grease bothers your stomach. Soups are pretty standard. The veggie dumplings are small, flimsy, and soggy with oil. Decent mock meat options, although not very skillfully seasoned--all the sauces taste the same. Delivery is  $3 and this does not include tip, so expect to pay $40-$50 for dinner for two.The sushi Lunch specials are great deals. The food in general is nothing amazing but it meets your sushi fix decently. 
The rice on sushi is packed WAYYYY too tight and has no fluff or texture and many times I feel the rice is slightly too vinegary. The Miso soup is very under-flavored and is very inconsistent in its texture ranging from watery to WTF-watery.
BUT, 
I have gotten delivery from here close to double digits now and they have never gotten my order wrong and despite my complaints I have gotten sushi and Miso soup every time. So take that for what its worth.
And delivery during Lunch does take some time, averaging anywhere from 30 min to a lil over a hour.We happened upon this restaurant by chance. What a pleasure. The menu was great soy of vegetarian choices. I decided to have both sushi and Chinese. My tripe veggie rolls were very good and my mock orange chicken was so delicious. The most surprising part of the meal were the veggie dumplings. Some of the best dumplings I've ever had! My family would also agree that this was a truly fantastic meal. My husband's meal, beef 4 flavors was so tender and delicious that he commented about it several times on the way home. We will definitely go back!!Perfectly adequate Chinese food at perfectly reasonable prices.  My in-laws love Chinese food (of the strip-mall-pablum-equal-parts-white-sugar-and-corn-starch-for-sauce variety).  I do not.  This spot satisfies us all.  They have never messed up our twenty+ item phone orders for pick up, and it's also a decent enough place to sit down and eat.  Bonus: the owner is really nice.All in all this is an ok place.  I think that they try to cover too many asian bases and dont do any of them spectacularly.  The food is good, it tastes fresh, and it isnt really greasy.  
They have a lot of good items on the menu that aren't standard chinese fare, and the ability to order any kind of asian food you want is nice if it is more than just yourself.
All told, this place is inexpensive, it's clean inside, the delivery is fast, and the food tastes good.  For Chinese/Japanese take-out, what more can you ask for?I have been going here since my community college days. This place has always provided amazing food and services. I recently revisited the place and absolutely nothing has changed, still great food and services. The restaurant itself is modest looking, a few wall decorations here and there and a sushi station but everything is relatively simple. You feel very welcomed and at home when you're here. We ordered our two favorite sushi items in the menu: salmon skin hand roll and unagi (eel) sushi. Before going into other dishes just let me emphasize on how good the salmon skin and eel sushi are. The food takes awhile to come out but it is all worth it because of how fresh the end product is. The salmon skin roll is exceptional. The fish skin is fried to a bacon scrips yet retains moisture and salmon flavor. The rice is neither dry nor soggy. The cucumber is refreshing and cool. Top the whole thing off with sweet eel sauce and you have a complete bite. The unagi is another one. Most places serve it room temperature or cold but here, the eel comes on the rice warm and fresh. I feel like the chef fillet and grilled the eel right before being it out. The warm and buttery eel combined with sweet sauce wrapped by seafood on rice is just out of this world. Other honorary mentions include tempura salmon roll with is awesome. Crunchy tempura flakes and chunks of salmon flesh in a roll. Their Chinese menu is also terrific. The crabmeat shiu mai is made fresh in store. You can check this by looking at their shapes. The shiu mai are all different as opposed to places where they are all uniformed, a sign that they came packed frozen from a factory. I also enjoyed the chicken corn soup. The chicken is fresh and very tender with very flavorful soup. I was going to give this place a 4 because of the price and wait time. However, I have tried many places throughout the city and not a single restaurant comes close to their salmon skin hand roll and unagi sushi. For that, they get extra points. Also, there was a new waiter when we came back named Brandon. He provided excellent service, responding to every requests with a smile. This place is highly recommended.