I got three of the sliders, the goat one, the blue cheese and the scrapple one.
All (two out of) three of them were amazing! Have to come back for the poutine.
The only thing is that I thought the burgers were pretty greasy but they were burgers after all, so handling a little grease is fine.
The goat slider was my favorite. The scrapple one was amazing as well!
The blue cheese one didn't stick out to me at all. Maybe not enough blue cheese?Loved it! Poutine was spot on and the fact that they have so many flavors makes it that much better! The small size is more than enough for a personal portion and their sliders are a decent size as well. Good location (center city) and the eatery itself has a great relaxed and fun feeling to it. Mister Potato Head on the counter definitely adds to that! The young lady who took our order was kind and attentive. We were the only ones inside so it came quick and perfect! Perfect for after party food and a good date place. Didn't get to try the milkshakes but definitely on my to do list for next time. Pricing was very reasonable (especially for the location). If everything is consistent they may have a repeat customer on their hands. You can miss it if you walk too fast but once you have some you'll never walk past it w/ Out a second thought again.Adorable sub level little place that I'm sure is a big hit with the bar crowd. My friend and I got a large General Tso's and Classic poutine to split. The classic was, indeed, classic. The Tso's was for curiosity's sake. The chicken was nicely cooked, but the sauce was just this side of too sweet that we could only manage to eat half the portion we ordered before we had to lean back in our chairs and admit defeat. Not a bad flavor profile at all, but I think it's better in small doses. 
Definitely will be back, next time will try their selection of milkshakes!A yum little joint specializing in Poutine in rittenhouse. I dropped in with my friends and we shared 6 orders: Classic, Q-outine, philly taco, cheesesteak, Salty Pig, and Tommy Like Wingy. I also had a goat cheese slider.
The classic was okay, but not that great. The others, nothing really stood out and I felt like everything needed more gravy. I really liked my Salty Pig which was arugula, balsamic vinegar, mozerella, and apples over fries, but then I don't know if that's really poutine. It seemed more like novelty fries than anything else.
I really did like the goat cheese slider though. If you like goat cheese, I would recommend it. The food really leaves you feeling unhealthy, but if you cared about that, you wouldn't be getting poutine.Only had the blue slider, which was very good. Better interior décor than the old underdogs (though I'm sorry to see that go).A cool, little location good for a quick lunch/snack. A group of us were exploring the city and I had this place on a list to check out. It's a bit small to have more then maybe 4 people in a group, but we managed to get 7 without completely turning the place upside-down.
     I went simple, the two standard sliders (American cheese & pickles) plus a shared classic poutine. They used cheese curds, so that's instantly a plus. While nothing was groundbreaking in my meal, it was a solid choice. Some friends went a different direction and got the cheesesteak poutine and the PB&J poutine. The cheesesteak was quite good and might have been the top choice based off the group. I'm not a jelly fan, but I was very surprised at how the PB&J was. I'd never order it myself and I can't see one person eating a whole order of it, but it was a nice change for everyone to pick at and share. I'd go with maybe a 3.5 star, but was willing to bump this average to 4.The jerk chicken poutine is out of this world! Amazing flavor! And for only $8 it sure does fill you up. Highly recommended.Got the original. The fries were not cooked well, maybe undercooked. The cheese was flavorless and a weird spongy texture. The gravy and overall meal was lacking in flavor. It did have a great atmosphere, and I appreciated the staff jamming out and singing behind the counter, but I will most likely not go back.This place was so much fun. 
You can get a unique or classic spin on poutine, sliders, or little baby's milkshakes(!!!). 
I got the classic on tater tots. Plenty of cheese curds/tots but could have used more gravy. The Goat Slider was delicious. 
My friend got the underdog (Mustard and hot dog pieces) which looked good but probably could have used less mustard and more hot dog.
We didn't get ice cream but will definitely be back for that. I look forward to having little baby's ice cream in the neighborhood.Not bad for burgers but the sliders are pretty small for $3.  The classic was good and the blue slider wasn't bad.  I also ordered a regular cheesesteak poutine and that was pretty good too.  It wasn't bad to stop for some fast food but it can get pricey if you eat a lot.Awesome sliders and a fabulous array of poutine! Also, a pretty good array of sliders. I believe there is five different types. If you are a fan of poutine this is the place. Really solid all the way around. Oh and the service is friendly and quick. It's kinda hard to spot so make sure you are looking for it. It is on the basement floor of the building.I tried to love this place, but... meh! It's too salty for me. And definitely it's not the place to go to when you're on a diet!We love this place. Yummy poutine (fries, gravy and cheese curds.... but not all come with cheese curds). The topping combinations have been different each time I have visited which makes for an interesting order. $3 sliders also make for a cheap meal but the fries are often enough to fill you up. I haven't tried the milkshakes.
Highly suggest for a quick bite, and they apparently deliver until 3am on weekends which would be the most perfect drunk order in the city.We stopped into Shoo Fry on a whim as we were walking home late at night. The poutine sign caught our eye and we immediately stopped. The goat cheese with pepper jam sliders were amazing and unique! Jerk chicken poutine comes with a mound of shredded chicken and you could tell everything was extremely fresh. The staff was up beat and made sure everyone was having a good time and received their food quickly. This is a great spot for a quick lunch/dinner or late night snack!Well surprise surprise! The Pepper G.O.A.T sliders (okay) and Salty Pig (really good) the latter being the best of both worlds and quite feeling.This is one of the coolest and tastiest places in Philly. I'm so glad that they're beginning to get some of the hype they deserve! I was here the week after they opened and had never had poutine before. Now after trying poutine from other places nothing compares to shoo fry. The owners are awesome and the unique flavors are notable. Don't sleep on the pb&j poutine! Also the milkshakes and sliders are bomb.we stopped here saturday night and got food to go. Loved my mini burger and the cheesesteak fries were DELISH. Everyone loved their food. Fiance' really enjoyed this scrapple slider. we'll definitely be back!Wow!!
What a super find.... found this little place off the street and down a few stairs....
Small place but awesome assortment of fresh cut fries - Poutine style!
A must when visiting Philly!!Props for being the first, but this is fast-food poutine closer to what you'd find in a mall food court. Overall, the poutine is lacking that deep umami flavor, and ends up as a salty mush rather than layered with texture.I was pleasantly surprised by this place! I suppose I had low expectations, but I expected the meal to be really heavy, but it was not! I got the cheesesteak fries (and I got the red potato fries) wth American cheese. I would have liked more cheese, but man it was GOOD. I found the meat to be very flavorful and actually found myself looking forward to when I could come back! 
I also ordered the vanilla milkshake (Plain, is what they called it) and it was YUM. Their milkshake variety was sadly lacking when I was there, but it helped me make a quick decision, so no complaints. 
The service is pretty speedy and the people were friendly. Definitely recommend if you're in the area and looking for something a little different than your normal lunch (or dinner!) spot.I love shoo fry for it's originality and uniqueness! 
I love the big lady here. I'm sorry I do not know her name but she is very nice and welcoming. She made it feel like I'm just eating at home. 
I love PB&J Milkshake! 
Poutines for the win!One of my favorite places to eat in center city. The sliders are great but the fries are great. I recommend the peanut butter and jelly tots they are a game changer.Good value, large portions, fun concept. I enjoyed the original poutine and a slider, both of which were very tasty!Poutine is such an interesting concept! I had come here when they had a special deal for $1 servings. The cheese curd had a nice chewy texture that was well complemented by the rich gravy. All the while, the fries maintained their potato juiciness. Also, A+ for the enthusiasm of the staff! He sang every time he received a tip and it made for an unexpected, exciting experience. I wouldn't normally have a particular craving for fries prepared this way but this was definitely worth it to try!Great food! Ordered the Q-tine and was very flavorfilled. But got our orders wrong... only one person was working the entire storeOkay, I'll admit that I am somewhat of a poutine snob because of my trips to Montreal.
The "traditional" poutine is made of cheese curds, gravy, and fries. The fries have to be made a certain way so they don't get too soggy for carrying the flavors of the two other ingredients. The ultimate drunk snack when you've been chugging La Fin Du Monde like there's no tomorrow.
So coming to Shoo Fry, out of pure curiosity, was a surprise when they had so many different kinds of "poutine". Despite being a snob, my love for poutine is greater than my love for eating authentic poutine.
I decided to come to the Center City location and order a cheesesteak and General Tso poutine.
I didn't have any expectations because it's poutine and you can't go wrong with poutine (although I once brought curds and gravy over the Canada-USA border and tried to make my own and it was pretty awful.)
Lo and behold, I was shocked after several bites that my General Tso poutine was enjoyable
from start to finish. The sauce wasn't too overwhelmed and the cheese curds, although not the best, still complemented the flavors! The fries were fresh and a good carrier for the sauce and cheese. My boyfriend's Cheesesteak fries were also pretty delicious! I don't care for cheesesteaks (sorry Philly, they're just too messy and greasy for me) BUT I also really enjoyed the fries. Onions should be on everything to be honest...
The portions were pretty hearty and my boyfriend and I both admitted that we should have shared, which is shocking considering my boyfriend can eat around 5 burgers and still be hungry. 
All in all, I definitely will be coming back here especially when I'm drunk. See you soon, Shoo Fry. 
Bonus points for checking in on Yelp because you get a free drink cup!Meh. Got the classic poutine and two sliders (pepper and blue). Fries were entirely too salty and the curds had a rubbery texture that made a noise when chewed. Sliders were just okay.Small place with lots of charm. The pouting is good and fresh.lots of choices, we had the salty pig and the Q-tine. Both were excellent. The spring greens and green apples on the salty pig went well with the prosciutto ham and curds. It was more of a salad on fries. The Q-tine with the pulled pork and coleslaw on fries was filling. The portions are big enough for two adults to share. I'd like to come back and try the sliders.5 stars for my 500th review!  Shoo Fry was definitely a find and delight during our visit to Philly.  Most certainly we were lucky to find it due to our stay at the Sofitel.  Otherwise, we would've missed out on two spectacular visits that brought us squeaky cheese that were billowy perfect - something I haven't even had up North - crispy and soaked fries and a mild gravy that allowed the coming together of all flavors for enjoyment.   It also must be told I had both meals as a late night snack and it followed a comatose induced sweet surrender to slumberville - you have been forewarned.  Highly recommend the classic, you gotta try it once, and a milkshake combo.  Gluttonous but so satisfying and worth a few bucks for pleasure.  I tip my hat to you, Shoo Fry, now your fries will surely bother me come my next late night need for a fix.  Bravo.  Trudeau would be proud.  Fry on, mon amie. Fry on.I want to reiterate the comments about awful customer service.  It was around lunchtime, they probably had 3 tables of people and some people getting carry-out periodically with three people working.  The service was very slow but I can forgive that.  But with too many workers one person was using a potato slicer even though I could see a huge bucket of sliced potatoes.  Anyway, the slicer was louder than the music and the harsh sound made the girl at the table behind me jump from being startled.  The pounding of the slicer overpowered my ability to have a conversation with the person across the table from me and was starting to give me a headache.  I got up and asked the worker if she could perhaps wait until the lunch crowd exited to finish using the slicer given the disruption and the abundance of potatoes.  Instead of thinking customer-first, she said it doesn't bother her and that's what she does all day.  At that point, I asked then if I could get a to-go bag as it was so disruptive to my lunch conversation and pointed out that other patrons were also bothered.  Not only did she not get me a bag, she went back to the machine and appeared to purposefully be using it louder and more frequently.  I ended up throwing out the rest of my lunch and leaving.  I will not be going back. 
As to the food, I shared the classic poutine, the truffle poutine, and a classic slider.  The poutines were both above average but certainly not as good as you would get in Canada.  The slider is on par with a Wendy's Jr. classic cheeseburger, so stick to the poutine if you go there.We just happened to be the first people for the grand opening on Oct 20 and our little one was the first to try out their food. We got the classic poutine, the pepper goat slider, and the sweet potato milk shake. 
The poutine came in a container larger than what I expected, which was nice surprise. The curds and gravy were pretty good, but the fries needed to be just a little more crisp. 
My wife liked the slider so much she ordered a second one. I think two of these sliders are much juicier, tastier, and slightly cheaper than one shake shake burger. 
The milk shake is a little expensive, but it was really good. We gave our daughter a sip and she wouldn't give the cup back to us. 
Everyone was very nice to us and the co-owner was very friendly. We are excited that a good poutinerie is here in Philly. I'm surprised that more people in the northeast haven't been exposed to poutine. I think most people would really like it. A good poutine place is hard to beat.First time at ShooFry. Fries were very good! Just had the plain ones....I was with a picky kid so I went with the safe bet! Next time I will try the cheesesteak fries. 
Had the slider with blue cheese and bacon! How can you go wrong with that combo??!! Milkshakes are pricey at $8 but it was good. However next time I may pass on that. Would definitely go back. Staff was very friendly and wait was short.I can't speak on the poutine but their mini burgers are really yummy and their basic fries are as well! Also , there was a man named franklin at the counter who was super nice & personable which was a plus!Good portions for the price. Can be shared with a friend. Don't get the curds and gravy poutine if you really can't stand eating just cheese. Also a great place if you're a fan of Justin Trudeau or Canada in general.DELISH!       It took a while, but the end result was some darn good Poutine!!Very tasty place. I almost missed it because the sign was lower than your typical sign on the block. Overall the price and amount of what you get is very good for around $7-8 you can get different types of poutine. My girlfriend and I were coming to visit and we had to try different foods around the city. Just for fun we got the cheesesteak poutine and then the classic. The cheesesteak was pretty good and the classic was great. we had the option of getting regular cut fries, waffle, or tots. We both opted for the waffle fries and I enjoyed it. (I wish it was chik-fil-a waffle fries instead). Overall great price and taste for what you get.I got the cheese steak poutine. So good,  I knew it would be tho, you can't really go wrong with cheese steak and fries. There's a few others on the menu I'd like to try, maybe someday I'll try the pb&j poutine. 
Customer service was excellent, cleanliness was far beyond perfect. Thanks again, I'll be back.Awesome poutine! Large, generous cheese curds, hearty gravy, and yummy fries. Really hits the spot, especially on a late night (this place replaced Under Dogs, which was another late night spot). I love how they serve Little Baby's ice cream milkshakes too - I'm a huge fan.i think the idea is cool, but their execution isn't anything different than a restaurant making french fries. 
I ordered there the other day. it was just french fries. i would have liked to see them cut them fresh like in-n-out burger does, but i didn't, no indication if thats what the do, so please don't take my word for it. my fries were not salted, i stopped by an outside restaurant with my take out box and borrowed a salt shaker and kept walking with them. I ended up throwing out the second half because ... have you ever ate something for no reason and it wasn't even that good? thats what these fries were like, so i just tossed them in the nearest trashcan on my walk home. 
sorry guys, more effort plz. the bored counter staff really set the mood for me too. also, DON"T PUT BAGS OF POTATOES IN THE FRONT WINDOW. you store those puppies in a cool dark place.It was a beautiful sunny spring day. The first one of it's kind for 2017. We needed food to take to Rittenhouse Park and my kid wanted french fries. So we climbed the stairs...down....to Shoo Fry. Good stuff. The poutine was delicious. Curly fries (our preference) in just enough gravy with the best cheese curds. (We opted for the classic. You can get so many options.) We also got the classic slider. American cheese with pickles and the burger was just how it should be. My kid is lactose intolerant so it was great to order the mint chocolate shake and it not bother her stomach. We ate it all at Rittenhouse Park and enjoyed the sun .It's a sweet place. You should go.Awful customer service. 
This food was decent, but based on service alone, I will not be coming back here. The gentleman working the cash register was one of the worst cashiers I've ever experienced in my life. 
My first clue was the place was empty on a Sunday at lunchtime. All other businesses in the area were bustling, but this was the only one that didn't have a wait or line, so I thought I'd give it a try. 
When walked up to the register, the cashier wasn't even looking at me and frankly looked like he was PISSED. When I said I'd like to order, he was extremely aggressive and pushy. When I had questions about the menu, he answered like I was an idiot. Each item I ordered he would keep trying to end the transaction. When I said I'd like more, he shook his head 'no' to himself before begrudgingly punching in my order. He then sarcastically said "will that be all?!" So i paid and waited.
When my order came up, I tried to be kind - maybe this guy is having an awful day or he hates his job - so I picked up my tray with a smile and said "thank you very much!" To which he replied "mmm" without even looking at me. Moments later a tourist couple walks in and he pretty much gives them the same rude treatment as they have questions about items on the menu. 
Mind you, we're the only customers in the place. With service like this, it's no wonder the place was empty. Way too many awesome other places to eat near here to waste my time coming back.Went today for lunch and had the and got the classic poutine. I was a little disappointed but want to go back to try other flavors. The fries themselves were good.Tried a new spot for lunch & wasn't disappointed. The service was excellent. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Staff made it a point to ensure the menu items were clearly explained. The young man at the counter actually sang as he took our order and offered to let us try something on the menu that we were uncertain of. 
The food was good but not that memorable.  Tried several of the sliders yet found the meat to be ok, nothing great. The poutine fries were overpowering. The dish was large in size but lacking in flavor. There was however tons of meat in the dish. I'm glad that I tried this place, but this isn't somewhere I would try again. A lot of fat and calories, with little flavor.(3.5 stars) I wasn't quite sure what to expect from a fast-casual poutine spot but I really enjoyed it. It's definitely on the heavier side of meals but I guess that's to be expected with poutine. I was dying for some French fries and this seemed a logical choice. 
I went for the daily special of jerk cheesesteak, an easy choice given it combines such amazing things as French fries, cheesesteak (with whiz of course), and jerk sauce. Would definitely recommend it, or even just coming for the fries themselves which were solid on their own and would make for a great hold-you-over-for-a-bit snack.Why did this place closed down it was on point. Sad really love fry places and hope another opens upA cute little shop that has a bunch of great options! It was difficult for me to decide which one to get, but I tried the salty pig with sweet potato tots. It was delicious! I wish there had been more prosciutto/apples inside, and normal fries might have been the way to go. I tried a bite of the classic and the truffled feathers and they were both great. It's a great place to go if you want to try something different!I was in the area the other day doing some holiday things with family and took to yelp to find somewhere for us to eat. My girlfriend loves poutine so we were immediately drawn to this place. 
Travelling with a stroller made it a little tough to get in as this business is not wheelchair accessible but that was the only drawback. It's situated below street level and there are a few steps down to get to the front door.
First impressions: Very clean, not too crowded, smelled great, and plenty of options. 
My girlfriend got the traditional poutine and I got the cheesesteak fries. Both were delicious. Very large portions and very reasonably priced for the area. 
We'll definitely be back!For a second they reminded me of white Castle burgers with the super soft warm bun...that GOAT BURGER..DROOOL!! BBQ was good too. Friendly staff. Can't wait to visit again.First of all, let's get to the pronunciation.  'Poutine' does not rhyme with 'routine'.  You can say Poutin or Poutsin (which you often hear in Québéc.) And this is Québéçois food.  When I lived in Québéc, this was one of my favorite snack foods so I am really plussed that a Poutine eatery has opened in Philadelphia.  I opted for the classic poutine and it was on the money.  Next time I'll try one of their gourmet varieties.  Of course there are other things on the menu as well including sliders. Service was friendly with a warm smile.  And they provide the little amenities like free water and hot sauce and malt vinegar.  On weekend it is open late - poutine is perfect after a night of drinking!  I'm really happy Shoo Fry has opened in Center City and brought poutine along with it in a casual but bright atmosphere.  C'est très bien!
Tip - Soon there will be another Shoo Fry and poutine in Fishtown as well.......I wanted to like shoo fry a lot more but my first experience was a bit lackluster.
I've been to Canada and had poutine.  I expect cheese curds and a rich gravy on the bed of fries.  I must have not paid close enough attention to the menu description.  I ordered the one with eggs and truffle oil and that was exactly what I got. Two eggs, a dash of truffle oil on fries. No gravy, no curds.
It was pretty salty which is only a minor complaint. I'm more disappointed in that it was only eggs on fries. It just didn't feel right.
I'll give it another go at some point when I'm up for a fat kid check in.First time ate here. 
Nothing special just regular fries with some toppings. 
But wow! They have scrapple with fries! 
Scrapple Jawn, was pretty good, nothing special the fries but I love the scrapple & eggs. 
For $7 + tax was reasonable, 2 eggs & 1 scrapple. 
If I come again I will try other one.Lifesaver. A group of friends and I stopped by for burgers and some fries after going out to one of the nearby bars. Yes, yes, yes.I prefer the tots over the fries.  Had the chili cheese tots, they were amazing.  Great late night weekend spot.This was much better than expected. Block away from my hotel so tried it out. I got the Cheese steak fries. Being from San Diego this reminded me a little bit of carne asada fries, which made me happy. Could have used a bit more toppings/ meat and cheese though, make sure to pick up some ketchup for the extra fries. I also got a blue cheese slider, which tasted pretty good. The fries are pretty high quality and go well with toppings. I would eat here again, and maybe try their classic poutine.We visited Shoo Fry yesterday to grab a light dinner to go. The young woman at the counter did not greet us when we walked up to order and was incredibly brusque throughout the whole transaction, basically acting like our presence was a massive inconvenience to her. The food was decent, I ordered a Salty Pig which was pretty good despite being completely drenched in balsamic. My husband has a dairy allergy and requested please not to put cheese on his sliders- when we arrived home, one out of his three sliders was covered in melted cheese. Pretty meh experience, might consider trying it again in the future.I'm still mourning the loss of Underdogs. Let's say that first. I miss it so much. But! If a fast casual eatery was to replace the pretty, pretty hot dogs, it makes perfect sense that it would be a poutine shop. 
The new owners have renovated the space so it looks and feels much cleaner these days. They have a wide selection of poutines available plus some really awesome milkshakes. I ordered the shoo fly milkshake and had to stop myself from downing it in one sip (bad habit). It was so good and worth the price!
For my fries, I chose the cheesesteak offering to start. It was heaping and hot and all sorts of delicious. I'd highly recommend it!
I'm sure I'll be back soon to try more and gain a few dozen pounds.Yo I love fries! I luuuurrvvvvveeee fries. Ask anyone who knows me what my favorite food is and they will reply "A french fry. Duh!". 
So imagine my excitement when this place opened! Boo and I stopped in one late night (ok it was around 11pm) to give this place a try. We asked the cashier what her favorite was and she was less than helpful with her reply so we just decided to order the cheesesteak fries. We sat and waited for a bit and when they were ready, I lifted the heavenly fried potato to my lips and took a bite...and found that the fries were cold, rubbery, and just not fresh, like they have been sitting out for hours. Major disappointment. 
I did report this to the cashier and management apologized and replaced my order immediately. Ok round two! I lifted the heavenly fried potato to my lips and took a bite....and the fries were just meh. I expect crunchy on the outside and a soft interior to melt in my mouth with a fry, and I still found the fries to be limp and squishy. I didn't really enjoy my experience, from customer service, to price of the poutine ($7, that's a lot for a potato n' stuff), to the food itself. I promised Boo that I would go back and give it another shot, but I've been so turned off by my first experience. I'm so disappointed!!Great crispy on the outside, tender on the inside fries! Service was efficient although out of some fry options already by 1:00 pm.  I ordered the classic on top of tots and a slider. I enjoyed the size and overall textures and flavors of the Blue slider. I could eat 3 or 4 of these lil nuggets. Would have given 3.5 stars but alas no halfs. My Poutine fell short. I wish the gravy had been thicker and more flavorful. The thin consistency of the gravy made everything soggy and was more like a jus. This rendered 2/3 of my serving somewhat inedible.Long wait, finally got the food and it was the wrong order, and it was pretty good though. The front desk girl though should get a badge that says "captain happy".... it was christmas! and she was so mad to be at work. I will give it another shot and hope for better next time.I'm Canadian and though I'm not personally overly picky with my poutine, I know a really good one when I see it. Put simply, Shoo Fry has legit poutine. The classic has fresh cut fries, squeaky curds, and savory gravy. Sliders were exactly what I wanted: a perfect complement. Tried all three versions. All delicious.The first time I ever had poutine was in D.C. at a place called Kangaroo Boxing Club.  I was never a fan of messy fries such as chili fries, cheese whiz fries, etc.  However, after trying the Quebec originated Poutine, I was impressed with the mix of gravy, cheese curds and fries.  I stumbled upon this place in the Rittenhouse section of philly and decided to step in and try out their take on the classic poutine.  Not the best I've had but it was tasty due in part to the cheese curds, which in my opinion, was the highlight of this Canadian concoction.  The cheese curds are a product of a local farm in Fleetwood, PA where goats are raised.  They are fed local feed free of GMOs and lead a happy, healthy life with access to plenty of pasture.  The care of these goats is evident in the tasty milk produced.  The potatoes were freshly hand cut however the gravy tasted similar to something I've had out of a can.Awesome poutine, lots of variety. The cheesesteak poutine was a little too spicy for me but still yummy!!Definitely a new experience for Frites. I loved the addition of meats on top of the fries. This is exactly what I was looking for as a late night snack or even a great mid day meal. I got the Mikey like wingy when I went, highly recommend for anyone who likes buffalo chicken and blue cheese. 
The servers are pleasant and the food came out quickly. Less than 10 minutes from ordering to table. I went around 12 am on a Saturday and it was not crowded at all just to give everyone an idea of what to expect. 
Overall this is a quick stop to get all of your late night or mid day cravings for frites. They also have shakes so they have the sweet and salty thing nailed for those who are into it. Lastly the sizes range from snacks to meals so there is undoubtedly  something for everyone.Stopped in here after work. I ended up getting the cheesesteak poutine. Meh. Ingredients didn't seem super high quality and the fries themselves were weak-- dry and undercooked (I got the waffle fries, so perhaps that's where I went wrong). If you're going to do poutine, get the core ingredient right!This place was recommended by a friend when she knew we were coming. It's a small little place in the middle of a bunch of other places, but it is EXCELLENT food. The menu is small but everything on it is made well. There were 6 of us and we all tried something different and shared our food. We had never had poutine but had heard about it, and so glad we tried it! We had jerk chicken, pulled pork and bacon, truffle, regular poutine, and 2 PB&J. We also tried sliders (perfect small size to go with the large order of fries) and milk shakes, ranging from plain to Salted Caramel and Shoo fly pie. Everything was hot and fresh and delicious, or cold and well made. Definitely would return here!Just had the Scrapple Jawn for lunch. It was enough for two meals and really scratched my scrapple itch.
I'm coming back for more!
--Nice snack to share. Got the "truffle feathers"; two crispy fried eggs and truffle salt over fried-to-order curly fries $8. A bit too salty but I assume this would be perfect for drinkers! Will be back to try the classic :)Great marketing because the website gives the illusion that you are going to walk into a quaint little restaurant, and that was partly the case. When you walk in you initially have an "oh, this is it?" reaction. However, if you are looking for good place to eat that is not too fancy, but the food is very filling, THIS IS IT! My only issue was the wait for the food, especially the jerk chicken. If you are on an hour lunch break call ahead or plan to take your food back to your desk to eat.Excellent idea but needs improvement.  Not sure if this was a 1 time issue or continuous but the fries were clearly undercooked and the fries were like warm.  The gravy and Kurds were very good but the undercooked fries took away from the classic.  I do understand the fries will absorb the gravy however the fries not in the gravy were soggy and undercooked.  I've had poutine numerous times in Canada and love it's spreading to the states.  Just use a bit more crispy fries and it will be much better.So i came here in the afternoon and the place was empty. I get greeted right away as i enter the door which is awesome. I ordered their poutine to go. Their fries could be a little more crispy but hey it still tasted quite good. Tastes like a traditional poutine with its gravy and cheese. Overall the place is decent and would definitely come back to try their other types.Went on a Saturday afternoon in the summer. Store was empty. Ordered the classic poutine. Came out in about 7 minutes. Tasted just OK. I've had poutine in Canada and it Shoo Fry doesn't come close. This store is one and done for me.This place started my love affair with poutine. You will be missed. Came here for a date night with the wife we ordered the poutine and sliders everything was perfect. The next time I came was with a group of friend and opened there eyes to the magic of Shoo Fry. You will be missed.The Salty Pig was surprisingly good. My friend loved the Jerk Chicken. It's like NYC's Pommes Frites. Instead of variety of sauces, you get a variety of toppings at Shoo Fry. Laid back service.Bad, even as far as late night greasy food standards go. We ended up trashing the tasteless fries and burgers.Been waiting for this place to open for a while so obviously I came out on opening day. Their menu is really diverse for "only" having poutine and sliders but I wanted to try everything. I settled on the PB&J which may seem like a weird choice but I wanted to go weird first because I plan to come back to try others. It was great. It was definitely on the weird side but if you like salty/sweet you'll love it. My only complaint was it needed a little salt which is unusual because I usually find most things overly salty. Will be back soon to try the cheesesteak option.This place was beyond amazing, the sliders were a perfect size and the poutine was just absolutely to die for. Will 100% be returningThe food is probably more like 3.5 stars. Not bad but didn't wow me (and I LOVE potato anything). What I was really amazed by was the lack of customer service. I thought the place was closed because no one was in there. The food is not good enough for the lack of caring from the staff- especially the guy at the register tonight.First, I was sold when I read poutine. Second, there were about 13 different styles of poutine. I had the classic and my wife had the Salty Pig. Both were amazing! If I come back to Philly, this will definitely be a place to visit again!Omg so glad this place opened! The place looks great; ceramic tile floors and fun art work on the walls. Of course I enjoyed seeing my childhood favorite toy, Mr Potato Head but not as much as I enjoyed my Classic Poutine. The original slider was perfect too. The staff is friendly and service is quick and everything is made to order. The kitchen is super clean and so is the bathroom. I can't wait to come back again to try a shake!Walked in ready to give them a try and had my eyes set on the q-tine. That is until I saw this lady by the fries and food prep station rub her nose with her finger (think index finger across the base of her nose) and ran her fingers through her hair. Maybe she's a business partner or from licence and inspection. She had a notepad and was writing notes. And no she was not working on the food line but a strat hair or biogie could easily be in that area now. Cover your hair with a net and don't play with your nose around the food or prep stations. No thanks.