We stopped in during happy hour for food and drinks. $1 off all drafts and $5 flatbreads (from Big Ass Slice next door). We were expecting a small appetizer sized flatbread, not a huge pizza sized one. Go with the cheesesteak one- you won't be disappointed! Decent draft and cocktail list.This place is excellent, friendly service, nice beers and the food was superb. Every dish we ordered was fantastic. Be aware that the flat bread orders are a half a pizza and really yummy.Awsome beer selection. The flatbread pizzas are delicious. The staff was very attentive. This place is a "must visit" for an evening in Olde City.Move aside Subway, there's a new competitor for my Lincoln's - FIVE DOLLA FLATBREAD. 
With 10 different flatbread pizzas (including a rotating daily special) that all qualify for the HH special, you could easily feed a small village on pizzas alone.
Food -
- Marinara: Garlicky goodness. Need I say more? This was hands down my favorite due to my love of garlic, and was cooked to perfection.
- Margherita: Simple classics done well. Nothing too extravagant, but the ingredients were all fresh and blended well together.
- Chorizo: A little kick with each bite made the flatbread more interesting, but wasn't my favorite.
Atmosphere -
- Small/narrow place that does not accommodate too many, but somehow still managed to fit in a large group of 25+ of us on a Friday evening. Get here early if you have a large group, as this place will fill up fast!
- The bartenders were all awesome, but were clearly overwhelmed by our large group. However, they all stepped up their game and made our gathering excellent with minimal hiccups.After looking at their yelps and pictures of their flatbreads, I wanted to give this place a try.  I have no idea where those flatbread pictures came from because they look nothing like what I ordered.  I ordered a diablo and shroom flatbread.  I then saw the bartender place the order at Big Ass Slices next door (you can take a look at their yelps if you're interested in how they're rated).  What I received was not even a flatbread (see the pictures for evidence).  Moreover, both were missing several ingredients.  The pizzas were greasy, undercooked, and made with too much cheese that turned them into a big goopy mess.
I gotta say that I'm a little cheesed-off by the fact that this place markets itself as having these bougie flat breads, but just has someone make a pizza next door and [poorly] turn them into to some weird oddity that somewhat resembles a flatbread.  This is very misleading and very overpriced.  
I guess good for them pulling one over on me, but I'm a local and I won't be back.  If they're fine being a tourist trap, then good for them.Stopped for drinks and a small bite to eat when my family was in town. Great service. Nicole was a very friendly bar tender and had great service!  Definitely be back. Great location in old city.This place is awesome! $5 dollar flat bread pizzas is amazing. Also they taste great too!
They have some drink specials that are a dollar off. Most of their drinks are on the pricey side during happy hour but you gotta make up for that super cheap pizza right? Anyway Chris the bartender (I think that's her name) was awesome! Great drink recommendations.
We came in a huge group. I bet we stood out because we are mostly all Asian. 
Got to briefly meet the owner Eric (I think). Great guy.
Anyway give this place a try. The Pizza was on fleek.Fine to grab a shot and a beer but the food was subpar. Hangover burger was missing the burger patty and the chicken fingers were burnt black. Stick with a big ass slice from the pizza place next store.Stopped in because there was no wait.  We were very impressed with the quality and quantity of food.  The flatbreads were the size of half a pizza. Everything was delicious. Waitstaff was friendly.   Would definitely return.Wow! I was in shock at how amazing this local spot is. I'm
Already back from vacation and still dreaming of this pizza. I would say if you're a pizza lover and vacationing in Philly you HAVE to check this out! 
As vacationers we wanted to check out the local spots and not so much the tourist spots. Luckily we fell into this restaurant
When we first got there we grabbed the only available table outside. The place was packed! Our waitress was such a sweetie! She recommended a ton of attractions and local food spots for my boyfriend and I to check out! It was really really kind of her to take the time to share that information with us. If you are reading this - we appreciate you!! 
We ended up going inside and sitting at the bar for quicker service. It was kind of late already and we were starving! We were able to sample a couple of phillys beers which was a nice touch. My boyfriend ordered one and a chicken parm pizza and I ordered (I forget the name) the second option on the menu. It's just red sauce, cheese, and herbs but that is authentic pizza! If you can appreciate that and the taste of real Marzano tomatos you'll love it here! 
The restaurant isn't huge in space but that's what makes it so special. It's also in walking distance of most hotels and local bars if you're interested in checking those out. We did not check the bars out but we did walk from the Loews hotel. Not a long walk at all. 
If and when I go back to Philly, I am definitely coming back for more pizza!!Great location! The food was great and the Friday lunch deal is unbeatable. Alex was our waiter and he was friendly and responsive to our needs. Will definitely be coming back. Fridays are the best time to go if you work in the area.I absolutely love this place! Great atmosphere, friendly staff, good drinks... and I love the historic connection. The fact that they have the Big Red Pedal Tours and Big Ass Slices connected to this one bar is pretty amazing. Always something new! Two thumbs up for Dogoods!I've been here twice now, both times during happy hour and it's a great deal. $5 flat bread pizza and we'll priced craft beer on draft. The flat bread pizzas are large, too much for one diner but not quite enough for two when hungry. Grab 2 and have leftovers for lunch I say, at $5 why not?
The flavors are simple but good, my favorites so far are the margherita pizza and mushroom pizza.
There is outside seating. You are curbside on 5th so there is substantial foot traffic, and the sidewalk is beat up enough so that unstable chairs and tables outnumber stable ones. 
Inside is small, mostly bar area. Fun spot, good for a quick dinner and entertaining people-watching.We arrived by Amtrak at 1 pm and headed out to lunch. Our airbnb was in the Old City, and this place looked good so we went in. We thoroughly enjoyed our lunch. We ordered a salad and a flatbread, and shared both. The flatbread was delicous and ENORMOUS. We ended taking most of it back to our apartment and having it for dinner. The salad was fresh and delicious, and just what we wanted on a scorching day. The bartender who served us was really friendly and helpful. Great spot, great food!We stopped in here for a drink on Saturday afternoon. There was a larger group when we arrived that left shortly after for the pedal tavern. Only 2 other people were in the place at the time. The main bartender was friendly and let us know the other person was in training. We got two beers and a mixed drink which were all fairly priced.
The location itself was nice enough, but from the places we visited in Philly I'm not sure this is somewhere I'd head back to.Awesome happy hour!!! We had a great time after walking through the city. We ordered a $5 flat bread and it was amazing.Silence Dogood opened on Market Street in April without much fanfare/press and I was of course, skeptical. The pub is also associated with the Big Red Pedal Tours- that bike powered roving bar that I have never known anyone to use.  But while ordering a flew of flat breads for my group, I was told they make their own ricotta and my hope rose like dough.
The pizza-like flatbreads are sliced in to about 10 pieces, making sharing quite easy. That housemade ricotta ended up making the Quatro my favorite choice, but the ingredients in each combo and the blistered thin crusts were enjoyed by all.
Other surprises included a commitment to the community, the nice beer list, and great service. They even re-heated a flatbread when a friend arrived late. During lunch, the margherita is $5 (and the real steal is happy hour where ALL flatbreads are $5).Great bar-dinner experience in a great Philly location.  Silence Dogood's Tavern is a real jewel with over 75 different beers and a great menu. I had the Garbage Salad - huge, fresh and delicious. My companions had a variety of different flatbread pizzas (super thin crust) which were freshly made and delicious - all quickly disappeared. Cheesecake in a mason jar was yummy.  Try one of the mojitos - I had the best blackberry-strawberry mojito ever!   Will definitely come back again!Highly highly recommend the moijto. Pat makes an excellent one. Small bar, has a pretty good beer selection. If you order the big red be prepared to have a lot of tequila. The staff is super nice!Awesome beer selection and cool staff. Yards, Victory, Troegs and a bunch more great beers on draught! Huge pizza slices from next door is an awesome bonus! This is sure to be a cool spot on Market Street soon!Channing and Ashley were the definition of customer service. We stopped here for our big red pedal tour. They were kind and super polite. We were at the bar awaiting service when Channing struck up a convo with us. She's super sweet, if you have a chance go see her.Service was excellent. Atmosphere was funky in the best of ways. Food was good. Cajun fries were very very salty. Food sensitivity requests were accepted without question. Chips are delicious. The cattleman burger was good.It pains me to give this pub a two star review but I left here with a bad taste in my mouth (not literally) pizza was actually pretty good.
It was the last spot of the night before going home and me and my girlfriend decided to stop in and get a beer, as we had only had the pizza next door (which is connected to the bar).
friend said she would buy the last round, so of course I was looking not to get anything expensive.  Looked at the menu (bottles were mostly 4/5, drafts were mostly 5) good prices especially for a touristy street in Old City.
We both got drafts said how nice the place was and even got free pretzels which I haven't seen since movies made in the 80s! They were awesome!
Then we got the check after a beer and I noticed that she was charged $6 for my beer that on the menu was $5... not a big deal, but the gf mentioned it to me and I asked the bartender about it. Bartender was quick to change it saying that it must have been a mistake. Great!  She then said "but hey its only a dollar" WTF?!?!that really really rubbed me the wrong way. Like i should feel bad for not wanting to be overcharged? And if its "only a dollar" then why don't you lower your prices on everything by a dollar? Or if its "only a dollar" give back a dollar every time you get tipped.
Now sort of upset, I asked her how it was possible to be over charged as their system was computerized.  She said that bottles cost more than kegs, but when i looked at the menu i didn't see that exact beer in bottles ( annd the bottles were cheaper), so sorta sounded like BS to me but maybe I just overlooked it.
Anyhow after this she went back and took the other beer off the tab which was nice but still kept mine on the tab ( which i thought was funny)
Perhaps it all was a misunderstanding but don't try to make me feel bad by saying you were only overcharging me by a dollar. I would really like the place if it wasn't for that.What a great bar/ place to grab something to eat!  Terrific menu and quality of food with almost too good to be true prices.  The flat bread pizzas are prepared fresh next door and great to share with a party. The meatballs were delicious and the chicken parm to die for. If you are craving just a traditional slice of pizza to have with your happy hour bar specials or just whenever you can bring a slice from next door over to the bar.  Both places - Silence Dogoods and Big Ass Slices are jointly owned.  Really cute homey atmosphere with a bit of a history lesson tied in being that Silence Dogwoods was Ben Franklin's pen name.  I just love how that part of town is so rich in history.  Really great music and friendly and attentive bar staff makes Silence Dogoods a place that will be sticking around!I have been going to this place for over a year. It is a cool establishment with a great atmosphere. Last month they stepped it up even more with a new menu. Love the burgers. Last time I tried their signature Red Rooster sandwich. It rocked. Love that this place is in my neighborhood. They get it!Some of the best bar service I've ever had happened here. Two friends and I came here on a two-day trip to Philly to take advantage of the happy hour. Bartender Dava was funny, engaging, and charming, and charmingly helped us part with a ridiculous amount of money in only a few hours. It's all good, though, because we also had a ridiculous amount of fun. 
Tip: try the shooters. And if you want a treat, ask them to make you something off-menu. Whatever you get will be delicious.This place is great. Wonderful staff and delicious food. Went to the soft opening and the place was packed! 76 beers to choose from.Great, original drinks and they don't skimp.   Didn't have pizza but it looked amazing.The strongest drinks on
the Harry Potter bar crawl.
Hang in the alley!Friendly bartender, drink was a bit pricey at happy hour ($10 for a Tito's & soda). Can't comment on the food as the place smelled like sweaty gym shoes.The bartenders Pat and DJ are the best!!! Definitely made our experience. We will be returning soon!!.
I had a wonderful experience for dinner at "Silence Dogood.s Tavern". (A pen name for Philadelphia'a favorite Ben Franklin)
My entire experience was tun and top-notch. I ordered the "Margarita" flat bread pizza and it was delicious. My friends had a great experience as well. The bartenders were friendly and professional.  I would highly recommend this establishment to travelers of Philadelphia and to the neighbor "locals". I met the owners who are very "Hands on" and made each person tonight feel welcome. I will be going back and hope to make this place my home away from home.Was on a big bus tour we stopped at stop 27 and came across this place on yelp! It's excellent. My friend had the best burger of her life. The cattleman burger was delish and my other friends and I had a tasty salad. Their flat breads are also great!Really good burger....toppings were fresh and tasty, roll was fresh , if the burger was just a little larger the bun/meat ratio would have been 5 Star worthy.... with that being said skip the touristy cheesesteak place next door and get a BURGER!!The best 5 dollars I ever spent at happy hour! The happy hour specials are incredible. Giant, fresh flatbreads for $5. Great selection of drinks. Knowledgable and personal staff. Ask for Dylan at the bar, he won't steer you wrong.Really great bar in Old City! Super friendly and attentive staff with great drinks! They even have a pizza place next store where you can get a "big ass slices" while you're drinking. Definitely a great spot for locals and visitors. You can feel the Philly pride the second you walk in. Must go.So i came to Philly for a short stay and really wanted to have a Philly cheesesteak sandwich, but instead i fell in love with the FLATBREAD! I have to thank the bartender Tommy for recommending it to me and also for the Silence cider was a really good choice as well. I didn't know what to expect being from California but everyone at the bar were down to earth and helped me feel at home. Kristy or Kristen has to be one of the nicest bartenders I've ever met thanks for the memories.This is a great, local bar in the middle of Society Hill.  If you're looking for a "local" bar in a touristy area, look no further.  Dan..Kristin..Jeremy     Cheers!  Great service and $5 flatbread pizzas.  What more could you ask for?I stumbled across this bar when I was in Philly with a few friends for a concert. Kristin was our bartender and I don't know that I have enough words to describe how awesome and amazing she was to us. We were there for a solid 3-4 hours, partly because it started to storm at the end, but mostly because Kristin was incredible. She was so funny and sweet and always was making sure we didn't have an empty drink in our hands. I wanted to put her in my pocket and take her home with me. She bought us a round of shots and gave us a coupon for the Big Ass Slices pizza for our next time in town. Needless to say I will make it a point to go here anytime I'm in philly.Great drinks and attentive staff. Grab and drink and food or a slice from next door, it's all a great time.Dogood's recently made a menu change and let me tell you...ITS FANTASTIC. Everything you choose off that food menu you couldn't go wrong with. I've been a few times and have had the chance to try the Texas squealer and the big daddy rooster chicken sandwich. Holy cow they were so fresh and tasty. The GM Chris makes the coleslaw for the Texas squealer and it is amazing (this coming from someone who doesn't typically like coleslaw). All the bartenders are fantastic and can answer any questions about the great selections of beers and cocktails they have(they all make a mean margarita). Happy hour has great selections including a $5 flatbread which is so great to go share with a friend (it was HUGE). I will definitely be back for more!Came in during happy hour (dollar off of drafts) however, the final check didn't reflect the happy hour price. There's only on bartender, which is OK for a small bar, but can easily get overwhelmed if there's more than a handful of customers. In general the bar is pretty small, but it's connected to the Big Ass Slices pizza place next door. The prices are definitely reasonable for being in Old City, but it's not really some place I'd go to a second time.Just ate at this place and it was fantastic. Went for happy hour had a flatbread and a couple of drinks each. Highly recommend. We had the Chicky Chicky flat bread. Make sure you share as it is huge! Yum!!We ate here on our first night of vacation, and it was great! The bartender recommended the Good for Youse burger and it was so good. I normally am not a huge fan of goat cheese but it worked perfectly with the rest of the sandwich. The drink menu was interesting and the bar itself had a great vibe. The "flatbread" part of the menu is a little deceiving, as my mother ordered a flatbread and was given half a pizza! She still enjoyed it, and she had enough left over for lunch the next day. I would recommend this place to anyone!I don't typically go out of my way to write reviews for places I visit during vacations but my visit to Silence Dogoods deserves this review. The service was great. The bartender (Dillon) who helped us was attentive but gave us enough time to decide what we wanted and even suggested a few specialty drinks. We got the bbq wings which were amazing and I definitely
recommend anyone try those out next time they stop by or are looking for a wing fix. I will definitely stop back on my next trip for the good drinks and friendly vibe.Our bartender Jeannine was the best! She was very nice and tentative to our needs. We had the flat bread during happy hour and the portion was very good for $5. The drinks are priced well and over all atmosphere of this place is chill and relaxed. Definitely recommend this place to anyone that is looking for a good place to have a slice a pizza and have some good beer. Make sure to ask for Jeannine the bartender she is great!! No joke!!My fiancé and I pop in Do Goods at least once every two weeks and we always have a great time. They have Great drink specials and the food is good as well. We usually try to stop in and catch our fave bartenders Pat and Nikki!Visiting the area and decided to give this place a try for a late lunch. It was very good. The ambience was nice and laid back. Service was friendly and prompt. The food was good. The flat bread was BIG. Flavors were good. I'd recommend this place.Great little bar with wonderful food and drinks! Flatbread pizzas are delicious and the mason jar cheesecake is to die for!  Great selection of drinks and over 76 kinds of beer! The atmosphere is friendly and comfortable! Next door is Big Ass Slices and the pizza is fresh and delicious. The Big Ass cookies are amazing too!  Good value for your money and a great way to spend a relaxed night with friends!!!!!This place is amazing. It has a wonderful familiar vibe even if you are from out of town. The food and drinks are wonderful. Just a heads up the flat breads are really huge. The Church Lady is very good! We met the owners while we were there and they were fantastic and very friendly!Everyone is raving about the $5 flatbread for HH, and rightfully so. The one was had was pretty tasty and definitely a sizable portion. We didn't order any drinks off the HH menu since it was mostly draughts and house wines, but the speciality cocktails fell short. It was pretty tasty but smaller than a normal drink, yet it was $9. Unless you're a beer / house wine kind of person, maybe stick to just the flatbread.Great little pub for an afternoon pint.  Pizza and tots were tasty and the bartender on Sunday afternoon was great!!A fun little drinking establishment with a large tourist problem! Fun and funky little bar that serves great flatbread and a very good beer selection. I enjoyed a pepperoni flat bread and a few of my favorite IPA's. This place is a stopping point for the pedal wagon tours so frequently you get a large group of tourists that rich in and drink for a bit and then leave. Regular clientele seems to be younger students and hospitality staff in the area. Lots of fun. I enjoyed watching a world series game there. Give them a try!Went here for happy hour for the first time before my movie date with my lady friend. The $5 flatbread (which could feed 3-4 people) was a great deal, along with the $1 off all draft beers! Then came back after our movie because the bartenders (Tom & Nikki) were super friendly/awesome/cool!  We'll be back for sure!As I sat and waited for my friends -- who were late for our own pedal tour, I was super impressed by Nicki and Susanna who handled a group of what I would call "difficult customers" with ease. They made beer suggestions and brought drinks and conversed easily with these people who were clearly "not from around here." Although it was the pedal tour that initially brought me in, I will definitely be back because of the excellent customer service.Happened upon this place with some co-workers while traveling. The parm flatbread was amazing, the salad with goat cheese was delicious! The gal behind the bar seemed really busy, with only 7 people in the bar at the time it was 8 pm on a Wednesday. Not sure what the crowd is like earlier in the evening or later at night. We got our pizza before our salad and our garlic knots after we were done eating. They were really gooey as they rushed them out after we were done eating.  I am sure they would have been a tasty item had they been properly prepared, there was flavor there.  Had I been the bar tender I would have at least taken care of a drink due to the inconsistency. But maybe that's just how it is there. She kinda messed up splitting the tab but a huge bus load of people showed up and we really didn't want to stick around and watch the show. From what I saw they handled it like pros- getting tab beer in pitchers and shots. 
Over all this place could have had 5 stars and I think you could probably hit it at the right time to get it but it wasn't tonight.  I would recommend giving it a shot and would go back myself if ever in the old city neighborhood.So I met the bartender, Deva here around 12pm. She made my afternoon sweet! Fun chick she is. Made sure I had the right food(which was delicious), and had a good conversation. Would definitely stop back when I'm in Old city. Prices are not bad.Food was great. Beer selection was not to my liking (only 1 IPA), but that varies. Our flatbread arrived with a hair in it and missing the "fresh basil" that was indicated in the menu.  We ordered something else and, in the end, were all quite happy with our burgers and salad. They comped our salad to make up for the hair.We visited Dogoods on a Saturday night and had a good time.. The music was pumping and everyone was dancing.. it was 90's night I think..  We didn't have a problem getting drinks and I liked that the pizza shop was connected through an open service window..  I saw pizza and had to go over and get one.  Decent small bar..Nice place, good salads and an okay selection of Whisky (all types).  I'm a whisky adventurer, so minus one star for carrying what everyone else has, but good food here.  Friendly service, but like all bars, loud. Kitchen is the Big Ass Pizza shop next door.If you are looking for fine dining, this is not your place. However, if you are looking for some awesome 90's music, friendly people (including the patrons), awesome service, and amazing food, this is your place. 
Came in after a very long, hot day of playing tourist. We are from Buffalo, so totally appreciate that the best food comes from the diveyest  (Diviyist? Diveyist?) of places. We were at the Museum of the American Revolution (one block over, 2 blocks up), and found this gem through Yelp. 
We found a secure little corner to charge our phones, listen to a girl at the table behind us go on and on about how buffalo mozzarella is made ("Like, do they actually milk the buffalo?"), and relax before locating public transit to return to NJ. :-)  The drink menu looked awesome, but we did not partake. My burger was perfection. Amazing little place!Pizza was great and super cheap for the amount you get. Bartender was also extremely nice and personable which made the experience even better!A pleasant bar with down to earth bartenders. It was a good experience overall and I would go back. Maybe to try some of their food...This is my new home bar!!!!!   I love this place!!!
If your looking for a place with a line out the door with music so loud that you have a ringing in your ears this is not the place for you.  But if you looking for a new home bar where you and your lady can have a great time, great conversation and great drinks made by a staff that makes you feel like your in you neighborhood bar talking to old friends that this Is the place for you. 
Not to mention that it's right next to Big Ass Slice where you can get a slice the size of your head.  
When you to to Silence make sure you order that signature drink the "SILENCE CIDER.  I promise that when you have one you will be hooked.This tiny little spot is easily missed , but at the same time placed in a very seen location. Came in here to get some pizza for the wee one and meet up with a friend. It was very mellow for a Saturday afternoon ( score ) . 
I found out that this place and the pizza shop next door are owned by the same person and share a kitchen, they have a plethora of flatbreads ( in this location) and have a big advertisement for "big ass tots". I didn't get to try the tots this time around, but just by that name alone I know the next time I'm around I'll try them. 
The super friendly, and very helpful bartender Jeannine was awesome. She dealt with the finicky taste of an almost 4 year old and informed me , without being pushy, that they had 5$ margherita flatbreads and 5$ margaritas! So of course we ended up with that duo. Not only did I score this deal but she told me about this interesting little bike tour / bar crawl that this place participates in. I actually saw a group come in very excited about their tour ( who isn't excited when on a bar crawl that has built in cardio to help burn calories haha) 
I'll def check this place out again.People are always saying that this or that new restaurant or bar in town is making a cool debut - but I have to say Silence Dogood really is a cool debut. It beguiles both tourists and locals alike with its menu variety, reasonable prices, and an unusual history lesson hidden between the lines of the story of its name!I honestly don't know why people say Philadelphians aren't friendly. Had the best time at Doogood's a few weekends ago. The service was on point. The hot bartender with blue eyes, was very friendly and quick to get my drinks even as the bar started filling up. I recommend visiting if you're looking for a good place to enjoy a night out.This place never disappoints! The bartenders are super friendly, great beer selection, good music! Bar of choice in old city.I was in Silence Dogood's last Friday night and I really liked the atmosphere. Recently every bar I go to everybody is too young or too old! As a recently-turned 30 year old, I thought it was the perfect crowd. Definitely more on the mature side but there were lots of young people drinking there too!  Great spot to end the night in Old City. There is also a pizza place next door that is owned by the same people, so after you have a few drinks you can just pop over next door and get some great slices. 5/5 stars for this place!The flatbread was not really worth even 5 bucks. Crust was bad and raw in the middle. Sauce gross. Mozzarella in cold chunks on top. Lame ingredients, lame prepare. Something died in that basement.Service was outstanding.!! Did not order any food but it looked really good,  great beer selection and great cocktail menu good vibe from this joint. Servers were outstanding, especially Tiffany who had great restaurant selections for my first visit to Philly.This place smelled ! 
We went there as it is a meeting point for the big red pedal tour, I got a coffee based alcohol drink while my SO hot an old fashioned. He said that it was the worst old fashion drunk he has ever had! ( he has tried a lot). Plus the bar itself was shabby, the bathroom smelled like something died in there. 
I am sure it was just an off day for them. 
I would go back to try the other stuff. My drink was decent, but while there I read a review of another yelper and she too said something about the smell. 
Hopefully they have taken care of this issue.Went here based on the good Yelp reviews.
Food was great, people are very nice and told us directly about the happy hour. We're sitting outside, which was good too.
If you want a burger or a Pizza you should go...
Would I go again: Clearly Yes, I would...The fact this place is actually an operating business is not only an insult to bars, it's an insult to the city of Philadelphia. I've been here a few times, each has actually been worse than the one before it. Tonight was the ultimate reason to never revisit. We walked over the urine covered floor to order 3 vodka sodas. The barkeep obliged by pouring a sugar mix with soda. Our acknowledgment of this was met with derision. Not only should his maneuver be critiqued it should potentially be prosecutedCame here as the last stop on a Red Bike Tour on a Sat afternoon. Cute and cozy spot and there weren't many people inside. Attached to Big Ass slices, so we all ordered some pizza and they passed it through the window to us inside the bar. They had a great pumpkin beer on tap (yum) and TVs with the games on. Overall it was a nice spot!The happy hour deals and daily specials are great. Had the $5 flatbread and 50 cent wings and it was a great deal.This place doesn't just do Silence good it does everything good. Great beer selection, friendly bartenders and a cool mix of local and out of town  patrons. The real surprise was the flat bread pizza. I eat a lot of pizza and rarely do I stop mid-chew to remark on how good it is. I do every time I order a pizza from Dogoods. 6 starsHard to find outdoor seating as good as this. Great food here and more to come with the new burger menu dropping soon.Highly highly recommend the moijto. Pat makes an excellent one. Small bar, has a pretty good beer selection. If you order the big red be prepared to have a lot of tequila. Staff is super nice! Sarah makes THE BEST moijto I have ever had!! Not too sweet, perfectly balanced. PLEASE try!!!Great happy hour flatbread. Tried margarita and Philly cheesesteak. Both excellent. Small but good selection of craft beer and bourbon. Small and intimate atmosphere