Always amazing. Menu changes. Most delicious tomato soup w grilled cheese croutons, the most amazing asparagus Parmesan truffle soup you will ever meet, life changing huevos rancheros, and many hard to choose from brunch options. Lunch and dinner are also deserve high fives. Retro diner set-up inside and eclectic and colorful backyard seating.Very cool spot and unique spot in philly. It's got the diner look to it but the walls on the outside have very unique painted art on it which gives it character. The outside of the restaurant is so unique that we did engagement photos there. There's very nice outdoor seating in the back that feels like you're in a garden with all the trees around but also provides some much needed shade in the hot summer months. During the day it's a restaurant - with GREAT food and at night the other side turns into a nightclub with fantastic music.
Food & Drinks - Thai chili wings are a must order every time we come here. Even if it is for brunch, we always order these wings. Blood Mary's are strong with a slight kick. All other brunch items we've had over the years were also great. We came here a lot over the years we lived in philly and never had a bad meal.
Night club - awesome dance music. I used to have a blast here and leave with sore feet from all the dancing.I have to be completely honest.  I had the french toast and it was really good UNTIL I found a bright orange food label (those cheap price stickers you see at a farmer's market) on a piece of the sliced fruit and hidden under some whipped cream.  At that point I was done with the meal.  The waitress apologized and just took the food away, didn't offer to replace the food or make something else.  She came back about 10 minutes later to ask my girlfriend if she was done with her meal and if we wanted dessert or anything else, no mention of the foreign item found in the french toast.  We just asked for the check.  When she delivered the check she informed us that french toast had been taken off of the bill (obviously).  Then the manager came over and made situation even worse.  My girlfriend and I had just come from the Punk Rock Flea Market so we both had pink wrist bracelets on.  The manager again told us that the french toast was taken off of the bill and said that it was a pink piece of a bracelet (like the one I was wearing) that was in the food.  He was insinuating that I either accidentally or purposefully put a piece of my bracelet into my own food.  I told him that he was wrong, there was a very distinct difference between the bright pink bracelet I was wearing and the bright orange label with a price inked on it, that I found.  He said, "No, I'll show you, I have the label right over here."  He came back with a very shamed look on his face when he realized that I was right and said, "Oh, it seems to be a label, someone told me it was a wristband.  Anyway, we took care of it for you."  Still never apologizing and still acting like he was doing me a favor.  I was very disgusted with the customer service more than anything.  In any other case I'd expect the waitress and especially the manager to not only do everything they could to replace the meal or offer something as a substitute, but not argue or bring conflict in the middle of the establishment.  My experience was that the staff was very unprofessional.  Just because the diner is trying to set itself apart as being "hip" and "eccentric" doesn't mean the service should be anything less than professional and courteous towards their customers.Dance floor is a blast, drinks are good, and all over a lot of fun. It's usually pretty crowded, but it's still a good time.What else can you ask for in a place... diner, out door seating and dance club all in one. 
I went on this past Saturday night, not expecting too much because of the holiday weekend. At 10:30 it was pretty dead, but I wanted to get there before they started charging cover.  My friends and I went to the bar/club side, only a few people scattered around. Then we decided to head over to the other side to get something to eat. Pretty nice space we opted for the out door area since it was so nice out. Definitely more crowded than the other side.
They have $2 high lifes that my friends took advantage of. I stuck with the food again. Some plain old wings and fries. Not to shabby. The wings were very well cooked, the meat fell right off the bone, you didn't need to fight with it to get the meat off. 
After the little snack we decided to go back to the dancing. The place filled up. And people were all over the dance floor, had a bit more life than when we first walked in. 
Next time I stop in I'll have to try the breakfast.Currently dancing my labor day wkend awayyyy! Hey silk cityStrictly A Brunch Review !
I would venture to say that I have eaten brunch at damn near every place in or around no-libs... and this place has emerged as my favorite.  I had a former favorite that I will not name, but we go here everytime we want brunch now.  They have awesome specials, and a great menu otherwise.
The lounge may smell like old booze early in the AM, but suck it up and enjoy the food.Name me a SINGLE other restaurant where you can get steak and eggs with grated truffles, truffle vinaigrette for $14.
I'm still waiting...I love this place, where else in Philly can you dance your butt off and then eat pancakes? 
The music is always fun, the drinks are ok, ... the pancakes are ok too.Recently went back to Silk City for some late night munching. This time I was not tipsy and still thoroughly enjoyed the food and drinks! I'd recommend the burgers and calamari appetizer.Solid beer selection
Good service
Atmosphere outside is perfectly chill
Food is hit or miss, when the basics (burgers) are sub par I'm hesitant to go for good again.I need to flash back to 2002 for my first Silk City experience....
A freshman in college out in the burbs, I jumped at the opportunity to go into the "big city" with a friend who had a car (score!).  I put on my finest 5-7-9 tube top, along with some facial body glitter and my mini butterfly hair clips and we were off!  
Although a night of awkwardly dancing to R. Kelly's "Ignition" while confined to the "under 21" section of the club was fun, the highlight of that big night was heading to Silk City afterwards. 
Flashforward to 2012, I exchanged the tube top for a cardigan, the facial glitter for muted earth tone makeup, and the mini butterfly hair clips for... well, those were just in the trash.  My husband had seen the Diners Drive-Ins and Dives episode there and had been dying to try it.  We were in the neighborhood so we said why not.
My pastrami reuben was delicious, but definitely not something I couldn't get elsewhere.  I really, really liked the fries, but I think if they added a homemade fry dipping sauce (like the one at Royal Tavern) it would push it over the edge.  The place was pretty packed when the kitchen opened at 5 pm- I was actually surprised how many people were there right when they opened.
Just a note- on Saturdays, the bar opens at 4 but the kitchen doesn't open until 5.  We got there at 4:15 and found this out.  They will let you hang out and drink before the ktichen opens, but just something to keep in mind before you visit.Totally reliable brunch spot on the verge of Spring Garden and by Northern Liberties. Summer is the best, their patio is amazing.  
They have grey brunch specials- the Huevos are my favorite! Try a Bloody Maria with it!
The grits are also delicious. 
Line to get seated can be pretty long on the weekend, so go early or post brunch rush.  
Service is ok- it can take a while for a server to come back to your table. Oh, and bring ID if you plan to drink. Even if you look 50 you'll be asked to show ID. 
All in all one of my favorite spots in my area to grab a bite to eat.Great night spot!!! I went here for my friends birthday and was so excited about it!! I have been driving past it since moving to this city and always wondered about this eccentric looking spot. I never knew what it was from the outside. We got here around 10pm (directly from dinner) and the place had a decent amount of people but not so many that makes you frustrated. The music was awesome when we got there- throwbacks and some good hip hop. We ordered drinks but I was not happy.  I ordered a Malibu bay breeze and though the drinks were reasonably priced (especially for the location) the actual drink was not well done. It's a sweet drink but this was super sweet (even for me!) my friends ordered drinks and they weren't too happy either. As the night went on the music (in my opinion) got worse, not better. By the time I decided to leave because I couldn't stand the crowd, the music was overplayed stuff from 3-6 years ago.  It was overcrowded and I think fairly overrated. Sorry silk city, the drinks and the music were just average. Nothing to go out of my way for again, especially if I have to pay $5.Don't get me wrong I love dancing here but the diner didn't really live up to my expectations! The calamari was good but a lil chewy,our drinks took a lil while I guess because it was crowded. I also noticed the drinks on the diner side are cheaper. Our waitress was drunk we saw her spill our drinks a couple of times but she was ok for the most part. Our food came quick & it was hot so that was good their asain wings are good! My friend got the porkbelly empanadas she wasn't impressed because they gave her 2 she was drunk tho & starving! I told her it was an appetizer but she wasn't going for that,lol! & she said the crust on them was 2 thick. I would return for the wings but ask for them 2 go!This is my fave place to dance! The diner (milk shakes=yum!) and beer garden are cool, I'm sure, but I never leave the dance floor long enough to find out (truthfully, I haven't been to the beer garden portion yet). 
This place used to be cash-only but I think it accepts cards now, and since they upgraded the bathrooms, sweating my ass off is the only thing I have to worry about (wish they'd crank the AC though!). 
The DJ's always pump out great, uninterrupted music (a rare thing, apparently) and everyone seems to have a great time, every time. As always, I recommend coming early to get adequate space on the dance floor and (as my hubby says) "make yourselves big" before it gets packed!!For the record, I have never eaten at the diner. This a review of the lounge. I'm not sure how I feel about the "new" Silk City. I don't want to rush to condemn the place compared to how it used to be, since I have only been there once under the new ownership. Its no longer has the dive bar feel it used to, which in some ways is a good thing (the bathrooms were spotless). They got rid of the stage and there is a doorway there now leading into the diner. I agree with some recent reviews that say the crowd was mixed. The old Silk City was just so fun and so bad ass. I used to go there and dance, drink, bump into people I know, and then have new music and fashion ideas for months afterward. Totally 5 star worthy. The jury is still out on the new place.I remember when I used to come here for all of their insane dance nights pre-Barbary. Those were a magical time, but, for me, it was the past. 
Fast forward to today and I still enjoy Silk City for different reasons: their bangin' brunch. I really believe that if Silk hadn't have stepped up their food menu and brought their brunch game, they could have faded away quickly. I know Silk is still a popular place to go, but other than their food I haven't really been impressed with their nightlife schedule lately.
On my most recent trip here, I got a pretty decent sized mimosa (a little pricey but whatevs...it's brunch), quick service, and a meal that wasn't too small or too big. The menu has lots of choices and it's one of those menus where you want everything no matter what type of food you had been craving all morning. Everything reads so delicious! I got an omelet with feta and asparagus. Perfect size. 
Only thing I would suggest is if you don't mind waiting a little, opt for a seat in the dining car, not in the lounge. Even during the day, the lounge can be a little dark. Can't wait until warmer weather when I can brunch in their backyard!Surprising!  It does not look like much from the outside. But ,  Fun upbeat atmosphere inside, the food was very good. drinks from the bar and service (Zachary) was great!  
They are open everyday for brunch!  I will have to come back for dinner too! 
I recommend this neighborhood restaurant. Enjoy!Stopped here to grab lunch. I had never had a shrimp burger but gave it a try. It was pretty good. The sauce that they put on it went perfectly. We loved the homemade fries and the baked macaroni and cheese too. Prices aren't too bad. Parking is my only complaint since I'm not use to parking on the streetStayed in Philly for a night a couple weeks ago with my girlfriend.
Went here for breakfast after an early morning 5K Cancer Charity run.
I like how Silk City is split up as a diner and a lounge.  We were not able to sit in the diner area since it was busy, so we decided to have breakfast at the bar in the lounge area.  
The omelette totally filled me up, and I quenched my 5K run thirst with two Hoegaarden beers on tap.  Friendly bar service and seems like it would be a decent place to partake in night-life as well. 
The lounge has a retro-rock-a-billy, and 80's feel to it.As one of my friends commented, "The Silk City patio is where God has happy hour".  I couldn't agree more.  As a Texan, I get nostalgic on Silk City's patio because it combines my favorite Mexican ktisch with bricks and fire pits.  
I am going the 4 star route because I don't love the food.  Don't get me wrong, the food is *pretty* good.  But it's not mouth watering.  Here's how an insular Silk City evening should go:
Arrival: 6 ish for a prime patio spot.  
Marinate: Drink outside for awhillllllllllllleeeeee.
Dance Face: Hit up the dance floor after you're nice and boozed.
Face Melt: Round 2 on the dance floor
Late Night: slide into a booth in the diner and order anything.  Your tastebuds won't be quite as acute at this point and everything will be so amazing and delicious.
Depart: on foot or by cab
Sidebar: The waitstaff is really awesome.This review only pertains to the diner, which was ok but not great.  The dance floor looked fine from the door but I didn't experience it.
Went for a late dinner.  The dance party was in full effect, so it was loud and conversation was difficult.
The staff was friendly enough and service was fast.  The calamari was also pretty good. However, the burger was a lot of bread with not much meat or toppings.  The turkey BLT was overpowered by the aioli.
I probably would have felt fine if it had been one of those $20 Applebee's deals, but since this is supposed to be better than Applebee's, I was not impressed.Just had Father's day brunch here with my man and 4 year old... Everything was delicious, servers were fantastic and we were able to order 1 giant pancake instead of 3 for the little guy. Great grits and bloody marys!OK, I'm not a local, but the two times I have visited Phillie, I have always had fun at Silk City. The diner itself has good food, beautiful tables, great view, and the waitresses are sassy and actually good at their job. Casual, hip, kinda hipsterish, but good ambience and open late. Fun fun fun. AND it connects to the lounge, a velvety red lounge with comfy places to sit and pass out on. The bar is smaller and the bartender is great and the drinks on tap were well poured and one can SMOKE in there...yippie!Chicken and waffles - Best I've had! Saw the restaurant on DDD. Glad we made the stop on our travelsI have been there twice already and both times I had a great experience. I'm a vegeterian therefore of course not always I find choices for myself. Here that wasn't a problem. Many very tasty choices :) The staff was very attentive and nice. My most favorite part about this place is their outdoor seating. Not ,any places in Phily with such cool "backyard".Great place to grab a bite and drinks late night. The red lighting is dimmed, setting a nice little tone. Not only will you get a taste of good food you also get a sight sample of art made from glass plates and cups on the wall. 
*** Recommendations:
Cornbread with pepper jack cheese 
Tomato Soup 
Purple DrankFire..... Way too fire. That's all that's really needed, but I'm not hitting the minimum characters requested by yelp.This place is really cool.  The atmosphere is great.  I really enjoyed the music and dancing.   The DJ was really good and mostly played MJ and other old school dance music.  Although it was crowded on a Saturday night, it did not feel overwhelmingly so.Silk city,  I love you. 
From my drunk college days, dinner dates, and brunch with friends silk city has always fit the bill. 
Silk city is not fancy or pretentious. Just new and delicious takes on comfort food.  My favorites are the fried chicken, Thai wings,  Mac n cheese,  and chicken and waffles. 
Always has some interesting beers on draft.  Cocktails are hit and miss.  Don't try to make silk city something it's not. .. but for what it is - amazing.Silk City Diner is definitely eclectic...  diner hooked up with night club where the food was dynamic and very good...  my girlfriend had eggs over short ribs which was different (I ended up eating the ribs)...  and mine was basically eggs and grits...  the grits creamy and delicious...  this also was another of Guy Fieri's triple D spots...Highly recommend. Perfect for a late night meal with quality food. They even have options if you're looking to try something new. I tried a Shrimp burger which was amazing. Also, great personable staff!Silk City is A-Ok.  Very 3 star.  The music was 5 star, the drink prices were 3 star, the crowd was really 1-2 star.  Just not nice, not cool people - nobody I'd want to be friends with.    The staff was rude - we got there around 10 and went outside for some drinks before hitting the dance floor.  We asked for a table, and even though 90% of the tables were empty and it was clearl the dining crowd was long gone, they wouldn't let us sit at the table.  We had a big crowd, so the dancing was fun - but based on the 1-2 star patrons, it would probably move down to an overall 2 star rating if I was there with a smaller group.I rarely write reviews. However, I felt it necessary to write this, as my experience was so negative that it was difficult to enjoy my meal.
My friends and I decided to go for brunch Sunday afternoon. I was 1 out of an 8-person party, though 1 member of our group did not eat and only drank water. As a sidenote, I used to be a server and understand that an extremely busy shift can entail a lot of situations that are (sometimes) out of your control. 
It WAS very busy, so a wait was very understandable. We received glasses of water while we waited for a table, which was very appreciated. After about 25-30 minutes of waiting, we were seated outside because it was the first table available. I would estimate that we sat for about 10 minutes before our waitress actually came to our table (she breezed by several other times, saying she'd be with us in a moment), and at that point another employee had brought half of our party more water. Already, the group and I were feeling restless, hungry, and a little annoyed. The waitress introduced herself, counted how many of us needed more water, and then took our drink order. It took another 10-15 minutes to receive our drinks (where only 1 out of the 8 was an alcoholic beverage). After this, she would disappear for moments on end. We actually had to ASK her if we could put our food order in, and then waited another 30-40 minutes.
The food was good. However, the overall experience made us rush through the meal just so we could get the heck out of there. The waitress was inattentive and borderline rude. Again, I understand being busy - but it's important to be kind and as attentive as possible to your tables; this is especially so when you are attaching an obligatory 20% tip to the bill.
The manager has already been notified, so I found it unnecessary to use the server's name. I hope this experience was a fluke, but I can't say I'll rush back to Silk City for food anytime soon.Very "meh." Food is similar to but not as good as every other gastropub in the area. Lounge/club area is an asshole magnet and it is always SO HOT - we apparently have no handle on air conditioning in this place. That for me is a deal breaker. There is no reason to have dancing/DJ nights that are very crowded in the middle of summer and not have a good cooling situation going on. Will most likely not be going back.When you type 'Silk City' into Yelp's search thing, the results show it's the third listed option. The first two don't even have 'Silk' or 'City' in their names. I guess that's why Yelp is free.
Anywho, went here with the Mrs. (don't tell her I called her that, she probably hates it) the other day when Honey's, Jaxon, La Maude and Green Eggs were all so crowded, would-be customers were pouring out into the street like the festering sores they are. I'm a people-person, can you tell?
So Silk City is was. Hostess: friendly. Booth? Check! Some guy dropped off two glasses of water almost immediately, smiled, and said Skylar will be with you in just a moment. Every time I think of a name like that, it reminds me we are living in the future. "Lord Sky-Lar has requested your presence for the telepathic meeting in the..." -- Where was I? Right. Skyla(e)r is a weird name. No one should have it. It's like naming your kid Optimus Prime or Table. What ever happened to Johnny or Billy? Fuck. Whatever.
Schuyler(maybe?) was nice. He reminded us that his name was Skyler and I felt a jolt of electricity shoot up my back. I winced. The specials, he said, are on this magical tablet which you must insert into the -- wait, no, he said here are the specials and handed us a piece of paper.
I got a salad and the Mrs. got a Monte Cristo, which she'll be complaining about later, am I right fellas? Right to the thighs. Right? Fellas?
Skylar watched us like a hawk ready to leap into action and scoop up a mongoose. Or is it the other way around? Can a mongoose beat a hawk? Like in a hypothetical battle?
The dinner was quickly brought to our table and eaten just as quickly as it was brought to our table like how I said it was at the beginning of this sentence.
Skylar wished us a good night, once again reminding us that he, our waiter, is Sky-Lar. I wince again but pretend to smile. He is genuinely courteous. 
Fast, efficient, and affordable.
*****Would Skyle(a)r again.Went on a Tuesday night not too long ago. Wasn't busy and took awhile to get someone to us to take our order. Started off with the wings which were AWESOME. Had the eggplant parm sandwich which was just eh. A little too much bread not enough eggplant. Definitely would go back though because the atmosphere was pretty cool.Had an amazing time last nite.!!!!!!!e anytime i go the experience is always top notch. Last night my server  Dennis  was the BEST all of his suggestions  were the best .looking forward  to more new exciting menu choices.  #myfavspottMaybe I'm biased because I live right down the street, but Silk City is personally my favorite brunch in the city. I challenge you to find me a better plate of chicken and waffles in this universe (the sausage gravy really makes the dish!). I would be remiss if I did not mention their phenomenal, yet simple, breakfast sandwich on a croissant.
Silk City really shines in the warmer months when they open the back porch area. It's very easy to come with the intentions of getting a meal and a drink, but wind up staying for hours enjoying their awesome cocktail menu in the sunshine.Silk is an okay diner.  The food is good, server was nice.  The only complaint would be that it took very long time to get our food.  A total of 20 mins. and no, it wasn't busy.  I ordered the eggs benedict (which is why it was taking so long, so I was told) but as we were waiting the waitress did come by to tell us our food should come out soon.  This isn't first time we had to wait for our food. I would give it more stars if it didn't take so long.Great Place, can get a little tight and busy ( SO WHAT) go enjoy the food enjoy the swanky atmosphere, and appreciate how hard the staff strives to pleaseHot tip: bring bug spray if you want to sit outside. Yikes.I've had dinner at Silk City a number of times, and made an effort to try different things. They have a specials menu that changes every night, so there's definitely pressure to try something on there that you won't be able to get next time. I've had some great luck with the specials menu. As far as their regular menu goes, I'm in love with the eggplant parm sandwich and the side of mashed potatoes. I'm very picky about mashed potatoes, and the ones at Silk City are delicious - smooth, creamy, and buttery. The buffalo chicken salad is also good, but beware - they do not have ranch dressing, so if you (like me) are not a fan of bleu cheese, plan ahead when ordering.
Inside seating is comfortable and the dimmer, red-tinted lighting is easy on the eyes after a long day staring at computer screens. Outdoor seating is also lovely, and the colored lights give the patio a nice ambiance. The one thing I would note is that I don't believe they have the outdoor heaters like some places do (or else they weren't on at the time), so depending on when you're going, bring a sweater. Service can be pretty slow even when they aren't very busy, but the food is delicious and worth the wait.
One thing that I absolutely love about Silk City is that there is always parking on the street right out front. I can often sit at a booth and see my car from the window (not that I need to for security reasons, that's just how close I can park). In most of the city parking is a real hassle, or pricey, so it's awesome that Silk City has ample free parking right up close.Didn't have any food there but, got plenty of drinks from an awesome Asian bartender one Thursday with my friend. I'm not a dancer, but, the music selection was alright, too. Mostly Old School (80's-early 2000's) Hip Hop/ R&B and remixes.I hate lines. And waiting. But a table outside for brunch at Silk City is well worth it! I've returned several times for weekend brunch, and the service and food are consistently good.
This past weekend, I sat at the outdoor bar. Ali (?) the bartender, was amazing. We ordered the white sangria and the elderflower sparkler, and both were delicious. It's rare to find a sangria where you can actually taste the alcohol, and not just the sugary filler. Ditto for the elderflower drink- it was mostly champagne. 
To eat we had the huevos rancheros and the chicken fried steak and eggs. Both were full of flavor and huge portions. Despite a packed restaurant, our food came out quickly. 
I'll definitely be back for another brunch soon!I have to thank Yelp for helping me find this place. I don't live in philly and wanted a place that wasnt gonna play Call Me Maybe every 3min. The DJ was excellent and the dance floor is plenty big for you not be dry humped by the ppl around you. Wait til after midnight to come here tho to find the right atmosphere for having a good time. Def wanna come back and maybe even try the food hereI came hear last night after dinner and I was so excited because my boyfriend raves about their music/dancing. Unfortunately, the DJ last night was terrible! But the decorations for the Halloween party were great, and the bartender was very nice. I'd definitely go back, but hopefully next time the music will be better.This diner has high energy. Everyone in the place was having an excellent time. The dance club attached to the left was booming, and I had an excellent high end diner late dinner. Rolled in around 11:30pm and ordered a Philly favorite: italian roast beef. It's was super good! Perfectly tender beef, peppers onions, and a very tasty cheese. Au jus on the side along with house made fried for $13 in center city! Miller High Life was only $3 a pull! Excellent late night eats.Really enjoyed my late night visit to the beer garden at Silk City the other night. The hostess could not have been nicer, accommodating a group of nine at an outside table. We waited to 5 minutes at the outside bar while they set up the table. The bartenders were very friendly and helpful. Prices are decent & good beer selection.
I had the cheese fries (fries, housemade cheese sauce, scallions, and a chipotle ketchup). A HUGE bowl for $4! I couldn't even finish it. Friends enjoyed the mac & cheese & the quesadilla. However, the buffalo wings were horrendous. "Worst ever" my husband called them. 
Overall a great time outside.Got there before the cover, Its a really adorable retro atmosphere. The place is part diner-part bar which I loved so much. When we got there it was still slow and we had time to hang out at talk (around 9 PM) after an hour or two the place started to fill up really quickly and the place was filled with people dancing. 
The outside bar was also really nice and comfortable. You have to exit the dance floor area then cross through the diner to get to the outside. I didn't mind that though since the diner area smelled amazing and the bar next to the booths was lit up by a red light. They really do a nice job making the place comfortable/cute. The drinks weren't too expensive either.
My only complaint is that the bathrooms are small/too few and the lines really get backed up. Also, the rush for a cab at the end of the night is sort of ridiculous (but that can be said about a lot of places in Philadelphia)The out door space is a nice Chang of pace for this neiborhood. Food is not your typical diner.This place was recommended to me by a friend and I was really excited to have brunch there for my birthday. The food was delicious. The customer service however, AWFUL. We were seated and waited about 25 mins to be served. Our waitress was incredibly rude. She spilled water on our table and literally said "it's OK, it's just water". Then she came back with napkins and threw them on the table. Her attitude was such a problem that we had to complain to the manager and he ended up discounting the check. Terrible first experience and probably the last time I will go there or recommend the place to anyone I know.The best possible way for me to metaphor Silk City, is to say it's akin to a lover you're not right for. Things start out great but progressively decline as your lovers nature and nuances wear on you. It's tolerated because there's a reservoir of goodwill from which to draw. But slowly that deteriorates and you decide the relationship needs "a break."  Well, within that break you date around and start to remember about some of the good times you had with your former flame. You think to yourself..."maybe they've changed..." but when you go back to them it's the same old story. Last night we ventured back to our old stomping grounds to be met with a higher cover. ( $6 for guys ) They also now have a cover on Thursdays which was never the case.  This is blasphemy imo due to the fact that local similar venues 700 club, PYT, Lucy's all with similar drink specials and music ( well i'll get to that) have no cover on either night...the nerve. That being said, I plunked down my six dollars and entered anything you can shake your hips to. I WAS actually enjoying myself given the scenic eye candy and the passable music. My buzz was extinguished when out of the blue DJ DeeJay decided to come on to the mic and announce that for the final 45 minutes he would be commemorating John Lennon for the rest of the night. Boredom ensued and I was no longer interested in shaking my hips. Apparently I wasn't the only one who felt the betrayal, as people awkwardly attempted to adjust to the remixed music not originally made for hip shaking, and eventually had downsized to about half capacity with 15 minutes to go. DJing is not about implementing your own personal agenda into your music repertoire, rather giving the paying patrons what they want, and not playing interminable dross. Once again cut deep, I'm breaking it off...This is probably one of my favorite spots to go to for breakfast, brunch or dinner! I've haven't had a bad meal in this place! The staff is friendly and helpful. I recommend having the huevos rancheros with a side of grilled chicken, breakfast sandwich, chicken and waffles. I regularly come to this place since it's in my neighborhood, and I love the old school hipster style this place has. This is definitely not just a typical diner. This place beats a lot of other good places in the northern liberties area. Def recommend if you wanna go out to a nice brunch .When I first came here, I was impressed by the outdoor seating area and its decor. Also the front entrance's display is amazing. The food was also good; I love the calamari, which was the best I had. Then when I returned for a late lunch, the food I ordered wasn't good. I had the BBQ quail. I would have to visit this place many times to sample their food. Overall, it is a decent place.What's all the hype about? The music is good if you enjoy dancing to top 40s; the layout for the club section is narrow and cramped. And the bartender appeared to hate her life. I had a great time though, cheers to that! I'll have to check out the diner part of it sometime, but it's cramped there as well and there are like 23198 people for one ladies room.I have never been treated so horribly at an establishment.  After spending 2 hours (5-7) and $100 on non-happy hour drinks we closed out and decided to check out the live entertainment.  Doors we're scheduled to open at 730 but didn't. It was no big deal. By 750 we were waiting by the doors and we decided to use the restrooms since the staff thought doors weren't going to open until an hour after they were supposed to. We tried to use the bathroom close to the entrance of the performance area and were accosted by Tony...the owners brother...who thought we were trying to avoid the $10 cover charge.  He was awful. It was unreal.  Seriously...if I was that frugal I would have gone to an establishment that actually has a happy hour. The manager tried to make up for it but damage done. No thanks. It was the rudest treatment I've ever experienced...i love this place! the food is always great, they serve breakfast at night so you can go dancing then feast! i heard theres a new outdoor area i want to check out!It's one of my top picks in Philly for sure. Killer food, good beer selection and absolutely beautiful women working behind the bar. Crowds always seem genuine and out for a good time. The new outdoor tiki bar is perfection on a chill summer night. Keep it up Silk.Got the chicken and waffles, best I've had and staff was friendly, clean environment.I like Silk.  I've had some great times here, and some just decent times as well.  But overall, this is a good staple in the Libs for breakfast, reasonably priced drinks, and a cool place to dance.  
--Breakfast:   I really LOVE the CHEESE GRITS here.  I think people caught on though because now the portion size is smaller :-(.  I also order my eggs "over-medium" and the last time I was there they were cooked perfectly!
Tip:  Don't sit in the club/bar part for breakfast (dark, dingy, and smells like beer).  Unless you are absolutely starving, wait for a table in the main diner (much better atmosphere!)
---Drinks:  The Beer Garden is such a nice place to chill in the summer.  You can literally sit there for hours and unwind. Besides beer, the strawberry basil margarita is quite tasty.  
----Bar/Club:  Cool on Thursday nights for hip-hop, yet the crowd can get a little rowdy (nothing I can't handle ;-) ) and the guest DJs are sometimes disappointing.  I know that music is a very subjective thing--I just don't like it when a DJ plays House music allllll night:  HEADACHE lol!).  Nevertheless,  it's a cool place to get some cheap drinks and spend like an hour or two before you hop to somewhere else.  
Still got to try that Sweet Potato Waffle and Fried Chicken combo---sounds damn good!I've been to Silk City for both dinner at the diner and hanging out at the lounge.  The diner is cool -  good food, good drinks, easy to access / park. Service is good.  Ambiance is great.  Food is REALLY good as are the drinks (which I already said - just emphasizing how good it is!).  I didn't like the lounge experience THAT much.  It was good at first, but then it got SUPER crowded, super gross, and super busy.  It was impossible to access the bar, and the men were trying to grind  up against me all night, which got me weirded out after a while.  Also it gets really touchy, elbowy, and not so much fun after midnight.  Also starts to smell like body odor (bo).  Not a ton of fun.Contrary to everything I've heard about this spot, I've yet to be impressed. 
My friend and I first stumbled in here on our search for a pre-game spot before hitting up the Electric Factory. Although it was a warm summer night, there were not many people at all. The bartender was pretty unfriendly, and seemed to be serving large groups preferentially over us, even though we arrived first. The expensive mixed drinks we ordered were more juice than anything else. After another beer or two, we hit the road. It was just a flat out disappointment.
I did eventually come back here with some friends for brunch and it was an improvement over the bar. The waitress was nice and the food was decent. Still, it was an underwhelming experience. I would never go out of my way to come here.I really tried to give this place a try this time around, but it was the second time on a Saturday night. It is horrible because the bartenders are horrible with how quick they are to respond to the customer. I tried to close out and the bartender completely ignored me for a whole 15 minutes. I am a strong believer in tips for bartenders because that is the base of their income for their shift, so I left her a tip. It will be a while until I return to this place. POSITIVE: their drinks are pretty good and strong.Have you had their fried chicken?OMG... I almost NEVER order fried chicken at a restaurant, but the girl at the table next to me ordered it, and it looked delicious, so I decided to as well.  It came with mashed potatos, jalapeno cornbread (which I LOVED), and I ordered spinach with mine.
My food was soooo good! Silk City was already one of my favorite places to eat. but the buttermilk chicken just solidified it for me.The atmosphere at this place is cool.  Give it a try.  They have a cool indoor bar/nightclub type area, a diner, and an outdoor dining area.  Great place to have a few beers.This is our go to place!!! Great place to come on a Saturday night to party with friends. Very laid back and cover is usually $5 for girls and $10 for guys, which is very reasonable. You can find parking all around so that makes everything worthwhile."Meh. I've experienced better."
You got that right. First time going here was a while ago and just for a late night dinner. Unfortunately, I don't recall what I had but I thought the food was overpriced for a "diner." 
I went here recently for a 2nd time to experience the bar/lounge scene on a Saturday night. DJ Deejay is not a good DJ. Who plays Spice Girls right after a Jay-Z song? Who even plays a Spice Girls song at any bar or lounge?? At least the drunk people who were there enjoyed the music no matter what was playing. Bad music transitions and bad song selections. If you don't care, then by all means come on a Saturday night. I've heard that Thursday or Friday nights are better here music-wise.I really like this place since its got its "makeover". I"m happy it kept it's diner roots in the lounge area and the food is pretty good but nothing special, athough my piggy self would appreciate larger portions. But, the wings, duck spring rolls, salmon, meat loaf, mac are all ok. If it was just on food I would prob rate the place 3 stars.
        I esp like the music at night , plus Im usually only the second worst dancer on the floor as I shake my flat ass next to the crowd of hipsters gyrating on the dance floor. My only huge complaint is it is F***in hot  .. like Africa hot , when it gets crowd esp on the warmer nights. I swear I saw a herd of giraffe go running thru doing my buddy's bday in June, but otherwise thumbs up for something different than your normal lounge in center cityTerrific brunch! I ordered the eggs Benedict and it was definitely something I would order again. I also shared the macaroni stuffed corn bread ... which had just the right amount of mac n cheese! The service was great as well. My friends and I sat in the lounge, but it was a cool environment to chill and enjoy a good meal.I had my surprise 30th birthday celebration at Silk City lounge many moons ago so it was so awesome reuniting with 2 of my closest Philly friends for brunch there this past weekend. 
Awesome outdoor seating area! We got a cute table in the corner and could not have had a better time. Food (huevos rancheros, eggs benedict and grilled cheese, not to mention the bloody marys) were fabulous. Likewise, the service was exceptional.
My friends and I cannot wait to return to Silk City.  Highly recommend!!!Always a good time. Particularly with DJ Deejay's Saturday Night dance parties. Good drinks. Bathroom line gets long probably from aforementioned good drinks, or other things. One bouncer/security guard was quite the dickhead but I suppose it comes with the territory. Sweaty and fun. I heard jazz nights are a lot more mellow and relaxed. I prefer Silk City to the Barbary and 700 Club, as I know there are some similarities. My best friend tells me that the restaurant is pretty amazing, but I never made it there. 
I also remember sitting on the curb after last call on 5th and Spring Garden where people were intermittently throwing up onto the sidewalk and making out with each other.This place is always good. I went here recently for brunch and had a delicious mediterranean omlette, which I ate out in the garden  . Even the coffee was delicious. I have been here for lunch and the food is always tasty.I also like the funky decor.This review pertains only to the Sunday Brunch.  I have not yet been to the dance club
Silk City is my favorite Sunday brunch spot.  I love sitting in the outside beer garden area - it reminds me of an Antoni Gaudi park or something.  I usually get teh southern breakfast which has fried eggs, cheddar grits, pulled pork, and fried green tomatos.  It's a great variety on a plate to start the day.  I also usually get one of the special cocktails on the menu and they always have a good mix of flavor.  The bloody marys come garnished with a variety of pickled things, including tomato which are delicious.  
The servers can look a bit hipsterish at first, but they are always very friendly.  They also do a good job of letting you know if the kitchen is behind - they won't just leave you hanging for half an hour wondering where your food is.Since the beer garden opened they have the best outdoor space in Philly. Where else can u drink tecate out of a can and sit on a keg and wear a straw fedora... yes I'm that guy.  Still the hottest dance floor in the world no I don't mean hot in like this place is "off the hook" or " jumping  and banannas" or whatever kids say these days it is literally the hottest- temperature wise dance floor in the world. If Satan wanted a disco in hell it would be the Silk City dance floor. Was recently there for a buddy's grad party and almost saw an altercation between my buddy who can lift small automobiles and a bouncer who I'm pretty sure played for the Eagles last year. It would have been a fight you would seen in an old Godzilla movie and I would have played the role of the asian guy mouthing "Holy shit" and "run for your lives." One downside  I felt like a goddamn sheep herder but instead of fending off dingos and wolves  from my sheep,I had to fend off the strangest looking dudes w/ the social awkwardness of a sex offender from my friends. Plus the stamp that DJ Ipod put on us when we came in must have been a tattoo b/c I can't get this bitch off of me.Don't get the empanadas, they have no flavor and the slaw that comes with it as well doesn't have any flavor. I would skip out on the late night food here and just stick to the drinking. The late night menu is pretty boring.Came here for a Saturday night out celebrating my friend's bachelorette party. We arrived around 10:30 and the place was essentially dead, maybe there were 5 other people in the lounge. But things did pick up pretty quickly, much fuller by 11. The DJ took our requests which was great and the clientele were young and having fun dancing. Drinks were pretty pricey and there is a cover charge, but not a bad choice for a night out.Just got back from Sunday brunch here- I don't think I had a bad moment when I was there.
When we got there, we were told it'd be a 20 minute wait- pretty reasonable. So we went to the outside bar to wait and there ended up being 3 seats, so we just sat and ate there. Liz the bartender was awesome and made some pretty awesome drinks. I had the Bloody Maria- made with tequila instead of vodka and it had a spicy salty rim. It also had almost a salad to garnish which I LOVE. My roommates had the strawberry mimosa's- delicious. 
For our meal I got the huevos rancheros- OMG. It was amazing. It was layered starting with hard corn tacos, black beans, eggs, cheese, tomatos, salsa, and a creamy sauce.  Sour cream, lettuce, guac and pico were on the side. I also opted for the chorizo which was delicious!
My one roommate had the braised pork belly hash. This was seriously one of the best things I had ever tasted. I'm absolutely getting it the next time I go there. It was sweet and cooked perfectly, topped with 2 eggs and it also had sweet potatoes.
My other roommate got the crab omlette- also really yummy. But I had to admit, it was my least favorite of the 3.
We finished our meal with a pitcher of white sangria- perfect desert! Hint: get the pitcher, a glass is $6 and a pitcher is $18 but for 3 people everyone gets 2!
I loved being outside too! It was such a beautiful day and the beer garden is so eclectic and fun! I think I need to go here every Sunday.JUST NO! Let me start by saying I've been here to brunch on wkends and everything was ok. This is the first time I went during the weekdays, but it changed my opinion of this establishment. 
Where should I start? First, the temperature.  You walk in on a winter day and the diner is so cold the waitress has on long sleeves and her hands are cuffed in the sleeves! Between the club and the diner, this place makes too much money not to have space heaters or something in here for the staff and customers. Next, the waitress. She's waited on me more than once. And each time she makes you feel rushed and like she is not listening. Maybe thats why part of my order was served incorrectly.  Then there was my hot tea, served luke warm. I dont know if its because they don't boil the water or because it was so cold in there.  After that, its the "cheesy grits" which are overly cheesy with cheeses that don't go together and is just nasty. Next is the waffle, clearly made with water. You cut into it, and it kinda separates. Served not warm, the ice cream I asked to be served on the side was not, but it also was not even melting on the waffle. I am done.  Will not be back on the wkend or otherwise.