Sisters seems to fall into two extremes the times I've been there:
-a Friday or Saturday night with only a handful of people hanging out on either floor 
or
-an event, like the party after OutFest or the night before Thanksgiving, when it's packed and crazy and really jumping.
Is there no in between? I don't know. I guess I don't go here often enough to know. I don't mind stopping in after a dinner out just to have a drink. On its low key nights, it's good for that. You can actually sit down at a table and hear your friends/girlfriend talk. I hear the brunch is good and I should try it.
It's true what everyone else says about the drinks and the decor. The cat lady posters bring the lulz.
And, as lesbians are quite predictable creatures, there will always be the moment each night when the DJ plays something like "Livin' on a Prayer" and they all shout the lyrics and fingerpoint. Oh, ladies.Ok lets be honest, this is the worst women's bar I have ever been too. The staff is a joke. If you don't like your job. Please go work at BK or some place. I have never been so insulted when they call this a women's bar. 
The music well lets just say the worst I have ever heard. I guess I'm used to NY, b/c I have no idea that they think this music techno bullshit is any good. 
They charge you for every little thing, they are rude!!! If you're going to have a women's bar the women have to be at least remotely attractive. These are down right homely! Who is that beast that works the upstairs bar? She looks like she stills has the mullet from the 90's. 
Just sickening I'm embarrassed that I say I used to go there, I would rather hang out with the fags then these disgusting rude women. This business will fail. I can't believe that it would actually last. The owner MUST be out of her mind!!! 
This is a disgrace to be a called a women's bar. God help the women in Philly. At least go to NY and get some class in music.sisters is the only lesbian bar/club in philly. sad, but true. the decor is finally catching up with the times (we'll see what it looks like when it's done}. the cover is cheap, as are the drinks, which are good, depending which bartender you go to. i favor natalie and sue. their drinks are strong but still tasty. let's see. the food is great, and not over priced. most of the week is slow and boring. but that all changes on thursdays. you pay $8 to get in and get 8 drink tickets to use from 9:30 - 11:30. can't beat that anywhere in the city. and there's a free buffet and karaoke downstairs, with dj and dancing upstairs. it's packed. lesbians galore, not to mention all the gay boys that come out for the drink special. so, the dance floor's big, the bathrooms are clean, the ladies are drunk, and it's a wild time. only problem is, if you go there too much, you start to notice how cliquey it is. and how the dj always plays the same songs. and how there's never any new hot girls. it's always the same people, at least for like a year at a time. then some crop of baby dykes that just turned 21 will start rollin in. regardless, i spent three years there drinking my ass off. and now it's your turn. i hope you enjoy it as much as i did.I've only gone to Sister's on Thursday nights when you pay a $10 cover for 8 drink tickets (or four if you arrive later). The drinks are almost pure alcohol, which makes them hard to stomach until the 3rd one, when you can't really taste it anymore. 
Go to Sister's with a group of friends who like to have fun and, preferably, who can get a dance party started upstairs. Go to Sister's on Thursday night and get ready to be drunk.
Yes, the paintings on the wall are terrifying. Don't look at them. Yes, it takes a while to get drinks because the bartenders are so busy. Just order yours along with your friends', and get back in line before you finish your drink. Yes, the food isn't the best. Eat it because you'll need something to soak up all that alcohol. Yes, the crowd is not the hottest in the world. Enjoy it because lesbians come in all colors and shapes and sizes and attitudes.
If you want to get really drunk with a bunch of lesbians for just $10 , get a bunch of friends and go. Don't expect a lot.
Oh, and it's cash only. There's an ATM inside.I love the month of June because it gives me the chance to venture outside of NYC, visiting other cities and see how they celebrate their pride. This year, one such city happened to be Philadelphia. My friend and I arrived at Gay Pride Philadelphia and were horrified at the entire gay scene. Where is the diversity?Where are the minorities? Where are the transgenders? Where is the unity? Where is the love? Nevertheless, we decided to tough it out and see what the city of brotherly love had to offer but escaped Penns Landing and drove over to the gayberhood. Rumor had it, if you were looking for a good lesbian party Sisters was the place to go. Let's just say the rumor was wrong! The staff were rude! The patrons were even ruder. The racial segregation was blatant ! The DJ/music requests were ignored! The drinks were garbage. The ONLY nice thing about this that was great about this place was its size.This place on a Thursday is awesome. You pay a cover at the door and they hand you more drink tickets than I am able to use in the few hours they're good for, but lord knows I've tried. It's certainly a bit of a meat market, but that's half the fun! The other half is the booze, obvi. The karaoke ranges from unlistenable to incredible and the dance floor is usually full too. Not recommended for other weekdays in my opinion. I've been on a Tuesday and Monday and it was dead.Let's begin with all of the bad reviews about this club....I read them all before coming to Philadelphia and had decided that this was not the spot for me. Aside from the fact that it is advertised as a full time lesbian club there was nothing else I read that grabbed my interest. However after spending several weeks in the area and finally having a Friday night off, my friends who live locally told me that Sisters is an obligatory stop for queer women visiting Philly....do with a little trepidation I agreed. My dance buddy and I started our night around the corner at another Gaybourhood sports bar, had a few drinks and headed to sisters around 10:45. The cove was $5 for a Friday night...not bad...but when we got inside I was a little disappointed. There were less than 20 people in the main bar, no one downstairs and a hand full of people on an otherwise dead danc floor up stairs. We made our way back to the street level bar and found a seat, deciding to make the best of it...ordered some more drinks, some tasty cheesesteak egg rolls and started to chat. Over the next hour some other people started to show up and at one point around 12 we looked up from our conversation and realized we were in a sea of incredibly attractive...though a little young club goers. The party moved up to the dance floor shortly after that and I've got to say I really had a great time...the DJ wasn't bad and the vibe was pretty energized! It wasn't the best queer spot I've found in my travels but it wasn't the worst by any means....actually I've had less fun at girls nights in West Hollywood...If you are in town check it out. If you live hhere and haven't been in a while it's time to give it another shot. This place deserves a better rep than helpers past have given it. I'll be back again, maybe next time on a Thursday night which I hear is pretty great there!I went to Sisters last night and it was good. I loved the intimate setting of downstairs and the beats that were upstairs. I had fun. Would love to go there when it is HYPE... but all in all a good experience will be going again."Oh My God...  We have to go to MONSTERS?!"  Really that's what I like to call this place - MONSTERS - not because the staff or people there are beasty or anything.  It's because the place is so dingy, grimy, and gross that I seriously believe monsters are going to come flying out of the bathroom at any moment and swoop down on all the dudes and chop our heads off.  
Seriously, though, the vibe here is not good.  The staff act like they don't want you there - or maybe it's my penis they don't want there.  No matter how much you tip or compliment the bartenders, you cannot get them to crack a smile.  You may, however, see their crack as their dickies sag or when they bend over to grab a beer.
And really, the buffet...  Come on, pigs have better digs from a trough.  It freaks me out a little bit because it's so dirty on the first floor.  And don't use the mens restroom - hold it or go outside - I don't think they've been cleaned since 1999.  Oh it's nasty!
If you do decide to go, I'd recommend going on a Thursday night.  They have a great drink special.  And the drinks they serve are seriously straight booze with a hint of ice!  That's the only saving grace, the strength of the drinks.  After 2 or 3, you'll be able to tolerate everything else.I love Sisters. My favorite bar. Yes, you sometimes wait a long time for drinks, but it's your fault for coming on a Thursday and paying $10 for eight drinks and a buffet. You have to expect it to be crowded.Sisters is exactly what all these reviews describe: tacky, dirty, and the bartenders need to take some antidepressants. The dance floor is never packed, except once or twice a year after big events, and the buffet is nauseating. However, Sisters is one of our favorite bars in Philly. Grab a few friends and go get hammered on their $2 margaritas or their Thursday drink special. I love the vibe in there on Thursdays-- the race to finish your 8 drinks so you can go dance your butt off at Woodys for free. Some of my best memories with my friends are Thursday nights at Sisters.  It's our go- to spot and we won't stop being loyal customers anytime soon. :)Was just here for their Burlesque show. SUPER FUN and SUPER SEXY! It doesn't even matter if you're a guy, girl (or a mixture of the two) or gay, straight (or a mixture of the two). Nobody really seems to care. It's extremely inviting. I actually like Sisters, and other "gay" clubs, better than "straight" clubs. The patrons are a lot more tolerant, fun, inviting, friendly... I just have a much better time there. I am definitely going to be be returning to Sisters, and they're supposed to have more Burlesque shows!You have to pay a cover to hear a shitty DJ, there's a weird cat lady on the wall, the decor looks like the Golden Girls got off a space ship onto a planet of tacky peach coloured crap, and it's cash only.
Sisters: You are the only lesbian bar in Philadelphia. All of the lesbians in the city and surrounding counties flock to you. I think it's time you get a credit card machine, or at least an ATM without a service charge.
I'm just going to lie to my lesbian friends and say other bars in Philly are lesbian bars so never have to go here again.I agree with most that Sisters is not the sleek and sexy bar the L Word would have you believe exists. It's rough around the edges for sure. 
That being said I've had some pretty awesome times there. I usually only go on Thursdays. $10 to get in. You get 8 drink tix. They're good from 9:30-11:30. You won't need even close to 8 to be drunk. They are STRONG. Try to get Dawn as your bartender. She is the one furthest from the door. She's super nice and attentive. 
Also, sign up for Karaoke. It's fun! Use 3 of your tickets and you'll think you're Cher in no time.. Or maybe that's just me? 
Anyway Sisters can be fun but you have to go with an open mind. It's not sexy or cool but I've always thought the staff is great and the atmosphere is a bunch of gays/ gay supporters who wanna get drunk and sing cyndi lauper. That spells good time to me.For a first time, Sisters was AMAZING!  The decor and the lighting really set the mood, and everyone from the door staff to the bartenders to the coat check attendant were very friendly.  They do have a $5 cover, but it does end up being worth it.  I love that they don't make you pay extra to go on the dance floor.  The DJ happened to be spinning boy band/girl group music which made the experience all the more fun, and what's more, I enjoyed a custom mixed cocktail, ran into a few friends, and danced like I'd never danced before.  I will FOR SURE be back for one of their parties, hopefully their upcoming 90's party!Being Philly's only strictly female gay bar, I love this place. The cover is very low and they often have good drink specials. The staff is always really nice and the patrons are always great. I never had the whole "bi people are bad" thing, seems that they don't really care. I've never been to any other female gay bar to compare, but I like this place.Stars don't really mean much coming from me for this one, and that's why it gets a three.
I tagged along with some coworkers to Sisters on Drag King night... a friend of a friend of a friend was performing.  There was some amusement over me going... I guess because as a straight guy, they thought I'd be uncomfortable... though at that point I think everyone at work thought I was gay... really, though just going to bars makes me uncomfortable.  This was entertaining, at least.
There were blue jello shots.  This makes me happy. I like eating or drinking things that are blue, and I like jello.  So, yay.
The Drag King show itself (which was months and months ago, even though I'm only getting around to writing about it how) was... an experience.
I have to say, in my head, lesbians are a lot more level-headed than gay men.  Flagrant and baseless stereotype? Yes.  But a drag-queen show... that I can picture.  The lesbians I know wear polo shirts and dockers, enjoy a beer and a snarky comment.  And put themselves out there in a flamboyant way less than any uptight little white boy I know (like myself).
Glued on facial hair and cowboy costumes are something else entirely.
And the whole open vest, while wearing nothing else, and somehow gluing your boobs down under the flaps... I have to say I was shocked, amazed, impressed, and horrified.
I was a little disappointed that the stage wasn't raised or the audience area graded, so it was hard to catch the whole show, but in general... bravo lesbian community.  You're as nuts as every other community.
Later on in the evening, I hung out downstairs by the bar, was interested to see the aging crossdressers at the bar, and had a pleasant time chatting with a friend.
Sisters, lesbian bar with Drag King show, is not nearly as intimidating for an uptight little white boy as I might have thought.  Haven't been back, but  I wouldn't flip out if someone wanted to take me.I went back, and had a much improved experience. I remember thinking to myself the previous (and only) time I came here, that this place could be really awesome if I came with a group of friends. Well, this time, I was in the neighborhood with a bunch of friends, so we all stopped in to try the dance floor at around eleven, on a Saturday night. Immediately upon entering the main bar area, I felt a totally different vibe from last time. The place was packed, and the energy was high. My friends and I ordered some drinks and hung out for a few minutes, taking in the scene. I casually observed everyone around us-- and I think a huge difference from last time was that: I could care less if people were friendly, because I was already having a great time with my friends, so I could just observe without caring too much... so honestly, I didn't sense anyone taking a particular interest in talking with us, but I also wasn't looking for it. My gay male friend did get hit on, however, by one of the ONLY men in the room. That was hilarious. (Also, I want to point out that I was here with a mixture of straight and queer friends, and everyone seemed to have a good time, even though this bar is aimed at the lesbian population.)  We all headed up to the dance floor eventually, and it was awesome!! The dance floor was packed, and the music kept me moving-- it must've been 80s night or something, because there were a slew of wonderful 80s hits pumping. So, all in all, Sisters, you redeemed yourself. I think the important thing to note here is: come with friends, and come ready to dance!! (We were ready to dance, whether or not anyone else was dancing.)ok, i know all y'alls hatin on sisters, but if you go in a group, and are not trying to pick up women (i guess that's the point), it's fine! the drinks are cheap, the bartender was a hottie, and lesbian courting can be fun to watchI'm gay for DJ Deejay, irony of the statement aside. I don't know if the more lackluster reviews were experiences on (literally) uneventful nights, but his BBG party had the second floor hopping. John and I are quite willing to take responsibility for being part of the handful to break the ice. Clientele varies in demographic, physique, and attire; some folks are dressed to the nines, some just enough to get by, and then a few in tees and lazypants. The overall vibe is so positive it made me smile. You've got folks from all backgrounds just rocking out to a good time or looking for one, and the latter aren't overly aggressive. It's nice to see those who accept that a no is a no, and understand that sometimes people just wanna dance. And evidently chuette's still got game... or chu's that awesome a wingman who managed to have his own fun here too. Perhaps we're giving the strobe lighting and dark intimacy too little credit?
The three bouncers and two bartenders I engaged in conversation were all pleasant. Drinks are poured on the strong side, and the tap water is so very lukewarm. I worked up such a sweat over the three hours we were there that I had to step out with the smokers for a cooldown. Coat check is only a buck, which lessened my annoyance about having my hoodie caught up on a mandatory stool sweep. Good intentions and all that. I'll be back for more DJ Deejay in March! Gotta love when they encourage you to boo them for letting a song slip into the playlist twice.Back in the day, Sisters used to be Hepburn's.  I really liked that name a lot better.  It lent it this air of class, of old movies and glamor.  Now Sisters is entirely devoid of all of those elements.  I hear they're redesigning but through the nineties and well into the 2000's they held on to this eighties look and feel which was not retro but dated.  May least favorite thing about it was the poster of Melissa Etheridge with neon flourishes.  It made me a little sick. The music is appalling.  I went 
on karaoke night and was subjected to way too much Indigo Girls.  The dance music upstairs is just not cool either.  I know there are hip lesbians in this city, I know some of them, who like to dance and would really dig a place to go and flirt unabashedly with chicks without dudes gawping.  They don't go to Sisters because of the aforementioned flaws and are usually left with bars designed for gay men and straight folk.  I think this is a shame. The bartenders are great, though and they have a decent night with an $8 cover which gets you drink tickets.So I was staying at the Loews, and we asked our concierge for a night out planned for us, we wanted young people, cheap drinks, good food and some gays. We had all of the above, and then my friend asked "so are there any lesbian bars then?" 
He didn't skip a beat, and kept explaining our route for the night and pretended not to hear the question. 
Intrigued, we did a little research of our own and found the presumably only one in philly, and it was between our last two stops on the map so we decided to go rouge. 
That was mistake number one. Always listen to your hotel concierge.
So our night basically consisted of some creeper trying to force-feed my friend drinks while she was drinking water, then some girl with a fake purse tried to tell my friend that she had a mullet, when it was clearly layered fringe. Abrasive lesbians aren't my cup of tea, so we may or may not have ended the night in a fashion which can only be described as "we can't show our faces in that bar again". 
The story of what I'm omitting is nearly worth 5 stars for the sheer fact that I can still crack up to this day from it, but oh my, it's not a bar you want to go to. The downstairs bartender's shooter making skills consisted of "tequila" and "tequila with a lime wedge" 
I rest my case. 
We had the lime wedge.I went here a few times in college, but hadn't been back in a long time.  I went with a big group of guys and girls post cross fit prom for a birthday.  We did a few shots downstairs and then went upstairs to dance.  It was really fun.  Mostly top 40s music, not too hot, and being that its a lesbian bar even though there's a clubby atmosphere, no Night at the Roxbury types.  It was a great cap to the evening.Go to Woody's if you want to dance to good music and don't feel slighted by being around mostly gay men.  
This place needs a facelift... in so many different ways.I'm not really sure what to think about this place.
I have started going to Sisters for the quizzo nights, which are always nearly empty.  There are maybe ten other people in the room, aside from my team, and no one even attempts to interact with each other -- even after the bloodbath finishes.  There are 3$ Miller Lights, which I always buy one of because I feel so damn guilty
SHINING GEM OF SISTERS: Ashley!  She is the sweetest bartender and doesn't guilt me for leaving a measly 1$ tip after a 3$ beer.  She also helps with tricky quizzo questions.
for, y'know, sitting at the bar and buying nothing.
The decor is, frankly, awful.  I can get behind Cheetara, but what is UP with the cat-women paintings that look like their creator was an 80's B-list fetishist?  Everything else is just kind of dreary.
My other complaint is that there are a shit ton of dudes and str8s in here.  I'm kind of an interloper myself (not a woman), but when I walk into a queer space I prefer it queer.  Any kind of queer!  Okay, so I side-eyed some of the gay guys, but they were infinitely preferable to the older str8 gentleman who wanted to argue about Gilligan's Island.
The food looks ... mediocre, from what I've seen of it.
Consider this whole review somewhat tentative; I'll post a follow-up from a Thursday night, which is apparently the ~cRaZi~ night whenever the fuck I go.
PS: If I had to dichotomize really quickly, I'd say quizzo nights have very many femme peeps hanging out.  I don't know what the vibe is otherwise.My favorite dance floor in Philly. And there's something really valuable about being a lesbian joint 365 days a year, instead of being a floating party. DC has maybe one dedicated lesbian nightclub, New York and LA only have moving circuit parties. The prices are mad reasonable- Thursday night's drink special is OUTRAGEOUS. Tons of special events.It's a shame that Sisters does not give more of a community vibe. Every time I go it just feels like everyone that works there, hates everyone that drinks there. It's hard to talk to ppl because if you do it's always interpreted that you are hitting on them, or their girlfriend.
Thankfully there are some dedicated queers out there doing monthly parties so there are other options. Oh, and there is a new lesbian owned and run bar in North Philly now called Rainbow Eye at 5th and Jefferson. You are allowed to smile at ppl there.
The Dive is sort of an unofficial lesbian hang out on Passyunk. 
There is FUSE that happens every 3rd Saturday at XO Lounge, In Stereo at the Dive every 2nd Saturday.
There is Ladies 2000 party at Pure, a new women's night at Stir and Pousse Cafe on the 1st Saturday.
On the 4th Saturday there is Lure at the old TPDS spot and another queer party at the bubblehouse. 
Just an fyi that there is lots of other places to meet friendly women and heck, maybe even a date!each reviewer speaks their mind and states their pros and cons as they should...
this has been my experience with Sister's...
Sister's has some of the best and nicest staff that I've ever had the pleasure of dealing with.
The dance floor space upstairs is extra large compared to many other clubs in philly and the lights n sound system r top notch.
I've thrown a few parties here over the past few months and have had nothing but good times and great feedback.
I can't say when any individual should or shouldn't go to Sister's, but I CAN say that on an evening when DJ DEEJAY is spinning, you should go... the crowd is diverse and fun and that bartenders and staff treat ALL customers with respect and dignity.
And there are a TON of bathroom/toilets for the ladies... I can't even count that high...never seen anything like it.
Only recommendation I'd make is to diversify the beer selection, but that's the extend of my "improvement" observations.
I LOVE SISTER'S.Cash Only.
I don't frequent here for a standard night, but the events are well worth going to.  Just did their Big Gay Wedding celebration, and for an $8 cover, got some very tastey cake and a small glass of champagne.  Costumes were decent.
DJ's were playing fine music, and the dancing picked up around 11 on the second floor, filling probably 3/4s of the dance floor (so not forced-grinding, but also not deserted-feeling).
Fair prices, good specials, STRONG drinks.  Definitely worth bopping into if they've got a cool sounding event going on.I'm familiar with the nickname for this would be piano bar (if the place had a piano for starters)--Monsters.  I was never quite sure if the unofficial name referred to the decor or to the clientele or to both.  
I hadn't been to Sisters in two years when I found myself in Philly for a wedding.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that cover on karaoke Thursdays had only gone up 1 dollar to 10 bucks, but disappointed to see that the house no longer gives you 9 drink tickets and 2 hours to play chicken with your liver.  Instead, they give you a very reasonable 4 drink tickets.  
The buffet food was plentiful so I was able to go back to the trough a few times to soak up the Yeungling draft.
The bar staff was as unfriendly as ever.  The upstairs with the pitch black dance floor and lousy music was-as just as per my memory-empty and sad.Roommate and I ventured out to see some burlesque. Five dollar cover and easy to get to-- What could go wrong? Please, let me count the ways. 
We arrived at ten to get a drink on and feel out the vibe. It was a Friday, we were tired, in the mood to sit back get a buzz and watch some wicked performances. Had only we known... 
That the first floor interior is gag-me salmon colors with tacky decorations. (Were I a lesbian, I would be offended, especially since this is the only gay bar for gals) That a line was destined to form for the restroom, located for some absurd reason directly next to the stairs. That upstairs around 11:30 when the place began to fill the most awful, generic pop music was bumping. That it was 11:30 and there were no signs of an incipient burlesque performance. 
I couldn't stand the way this place felt like an awkward high school dance any longer. I would not hold out for the sake of slinky silly dance numbers. So after a $2.50 fee at the ATM and two drinks, roommate and I left not likely to come back again.Um, so this is basically sometimes something like the best bar in the city.  I mean, where else can you find yourself on a Thursday night paying a $10 cover and, in return, getting 8 free drink tickets, karaoke, one of the most reliably jumping yet unclusterfuck-y dancefloors in the city, karaoke(!) and a buffet?!  Where?  Nowhere.  Oh, plus a bunch of lesbians, if that's your thing (and why shouldn't it be unless you some skeevy straight guy in which case you might want to beat it... Figuratively.)
For real, though, Sisters is amazing--true it has pretty drab decor and some atrocious paintings of cat ladies on the walls--but the loyal Thursday crowd is undeterred.  Even for people, like myself, who are not lesbians.  In fact, the crowd generally runs the gamut of ages, genders, sexual orientations and races.  It's like an Obama rally, but with drunk people singing "Come to My Window."Ugh. C'mon Sisters!! For being the only official lesbian bar in Philly, I was disappointed. I have to say, I did read the reviews on here, so I wasn't too surprised.. but I thought that maybe there was a chance it could actually be a pretty cool place. 
But. 
The carpeting and decor is really old, and the general scene seemed off-putting. (Keep in mind: it was Saturday night between 10 and 12:30- prime hours, I'd think.) There were lots of older couples and large groups of young people hanging out, drinking beers, while baseball played on the tv. Girls in fishnet tights, short shorts and pink shirts waltzed around with trays of jello shots, while dance music surged through the room. All the groups of people kept to themselves...so it was hard for me to feel welcome, though I had a nice time sitting with my two friends. Upstairs, there was a dance floor, with tons of people surrounding the floor and only a couple people actually dancing. 
On the plus side: there was a special of $2 beers and house drinks from 9-11 (woo!) and I got a free t-shirt for paying a few dollars for a special lemonade-vodka mix and supporting breast cancer research. 
The fact that there is a ladies bar is great, but the crowd just seemed so random...and the whole vibe seemed sorta unexciting and boring. Wish I had better news. I wanted to like you, Sisters. I may go back just to go back.... but that's more likely because there are limited bars in Philly. So. If you come here, bring lots of friends (or one special friend) and drink the cheap drinks and enjoy the dance floor, cause that way Sisters is bound to be a lot of fun.Want to meet some interesting ladies and dance in the dark with strangers who touch you in your no-no place? Yep, this is the place for you. Drinks aren't always cheap but CASH ONLY. Don't forget it. The ATM fees should be enough to make you remember. Definitely go here with a group cause it's a large place with an upstairs and great music to pop that booty. If you stay downstairs sit by the bar and bait yourself. See who comes over and if you like what you see use the plentiful blank cards (with "Sisters" written on it, so you don't forget where the number is from) and golf pencils rimming the bar to leave those digits ;)Philadelphia, you are a huge city, so I really hope this isn't actually the only lesbian club? It's the only I've seen on Yelp, though.
I was visiting a college friend and wanted to see what the scene was like here, and if Saturday night at Sisters was representative then I feel enormous amounts of sympathy for the gay girls around here-- I'm hoping it was just an off-night? Or maybe people go somewhere else to dance, like my friend and I did after 45 minutes in this place.
Cover was fairly standard, as were drink prices-- and to be fair to the bartenders, they poured shots with a heavy hand. They, and the bouncers, were also extremely friendly and welcoming. But a cash-only bar? And the only ATM an immensely slow gray behemoth with huge service charges? I felt like I'd wandered into the 80s, and the strange retro-future decor didn't help.
The music wasn't atrocious, although it wasn't memorable; the problem was that there wasn't anybody there at 1 am on a Saturday night, and the people who were there awkwardly danced around the corners in very well-formed pairs. My moment of levity was that, as I stumbled down the stairs to the exit, I passed a very enthusiastic stairwell make-out session which rounded out the strange high-school nostalgia of the experience as a whole....A friend wanted to go to Sisters and I thought it sounded like fun, because I like lesbians and I like to drink.  This seemed easy enough.  We got there a little early on a Thursday night and it was busy, but not too crowded.  We were able to get our drinks fairly quickly, with standard bar prices.  We sat down and drank our house liquor. The main area is complete with huge fantasy art a la 1987 (straight from the background of some Heart music video).  It would be more painful to look at if it were not so hilarious.   People started coming in until the place was packed.  Maybe we were both just heinously unnattractive that evening, but apart from a few asides, people seemed entirely consumed with their cliques, if not exuding outright surliness.  
We kept drinking, hoping that this would lull us from our boredom.  But soon, it became so busy that I literally had to stand in line 20-30 minutes for a drink.  I think I spent more time waiting for drinks than doing anything else while I was there.
 Unbeknownst to me, this was not just any evening at Sisters.  Jennifer Flashdancin' Beals walked through the door with her entourage to stump for Obama and these people LOST THEIR MINDS.  This says nothing about Sisters, only that Philadelphia is in dire need of more celebrity.  
It became claustrophobically packed around the entrance, so we decided to take the stairs to the dance floor.  While not much less crowded (and the bar lines no less long), the space was at least slightly more open.  Unfortunately, what could have saved the night did not, because the music was AWFUL.  Seriously, I don't know why people make music like that and I further do not understand why a DJ would inflict it on paying customers.  How do you even dance to it?  After that much watered down vodka, I should have been able to dance to anything.  So, we gave up and left.  
I hear people say there are other options, but I have yet to find them, so for staying on the radar with all those faults, I'll give it two stars.  I'll try to give it the benefit of the doubt.  But I don't think I'll ever go back.Okay, I will preface this by saying I had a very unique experience. 
My girl and I were in Philly and decided to check this place out regardless of the terrible reviews.
We were greeted by an unexcited bouncer, fine. Not uncommon at clubs, understandable. Our bartender was nice, but inattentive. There were about six other people in the bar, it was very early. We got our beers, paid $7.50 which was reasonable for Blue Moon.  On my second sip the bottom of the glass breaks and spills beers all over me. I'm talkin' pants soaking wet, my chest, it seeped into my shoes. The bartender took the broken glass away and wiped the wet bar. We asked for a towel as I stood covered in beer. I finally got a dirty bar towel the size of a wash cloth.  She walked away to explain to the bouncer this freak accident. I asked again if I could have more towels, I admittedly grew infuriated as I waited. The bus boy took them to the bartender (instead of me) and I had to walk halfway around the bar to get them as she didn't bring them to me.  Meanwhile, no replacement beer, no apology, no shot that says dude, sorry you have to walk two miles back to your hotel covered in beer. 
I understand that this was an isolated freak incident that no one could have predicted, however their response - or lack of one - was really despicable.  You couldn't even replace the drink that I paid for?  A glass broke in my hand with no provocation, that is the least one can do.
I asked for my money back, which they at least gave me.  Being in the business of customer service, I am hyper aware, perhaps I need to lower my standards.I have finally decided to edit my sister's review and bump it up to 3 stars because I discovered the thursday night dance party. You pay ten bucks and get ticket for 8 free drinks from 8 to 11:30. Sahweeeeeeet!!!  There's nothing I love more than a deal/discount/special of some sort. The crowd is rather racially diverse, which is a plus. They have karaoke (but it seems like the same woman sings for ages every week before everyone else gets on this. I don't understand it) There is a buffet with free food. (It's always vegetarian though..ugh). The dance floor gets packed...it's fun.  Below is my original review from last year around this time:
I'm giving this bar two stars because lesbian clubs tend to be a little dead anyway. Howver, this one is the worst of those I've been to. The first night I went there were about five people on the dancefloor, listening to some weird techno or something. We still had to pay a cover charge of six dollars. In their defence, they claimed it was labor day and things get better. I'm cool with bars that are not very packed if they have a cosy ambience, one that encourages people to chill and enjoy, but this has more of a dive feel. There was a game playing on a blurry TV in the corner and the room was large, cold and airy. The sound system wasn't very good downstairs, though it was fine upstairs.
I 've gone back TWICE, since then and its more of the same. A small and boring crowd and is not very ethnically diverse Strange techno music. Corona was going for about $4.50. I'm thinking of going back to the Buffet one day. Until then, save your money and find another spot, this one is dead.Leaving behind the sexual orientation of this establishment and all the preconceived notions that go along with it, I can honestly say that this is the best nightclub I have been to in any state or country - second only to a rampage in Puerto Rico when I wasn't yet of age.
Stakes were high for this night - my absolute best friend for whom I'm maid-of-honoring left me in charge of her bachelorette weekend, in Philly of all places. I discovered Sisters through a peripheral friend who's been known to dance for teams and swore that Sisters was the ultimate for music and dance.
Now, to refresh everyone's memory, I am a horrible dancer. I also usually detest any music bordering on house and electronica. Yet, at Sister's, I danced and actually enjoyed the deejay's weavings between rap, pop, house, and mashups of everything.
The girls enjoyed it too, even if there was no chance of being entertained by straight males. We found that the wraparound mirrors upstairs and constant rays of a brilliant green laser light through the fog was more than sufficient to replace the absence of bumbling advances of heterosexual men on the hunt for a dry hump rather than a night of pure dance.
Yes, there was an uber "dyke" guarding the door. Yes, the downstairs restaurant area seemed lonely and divey, though tranquil and respectable. Yes, there were gay men devastating everyone with their outrageous energy and dance skills. Yes, there were hard core lesbians getting it on in some corners. Yes, there were women pretending to be bi because they were currently unsatisfied with their straight relationships. Yes, there were women relieved to be there because they are man haters.
But there were also middle-of-the-road humans of all persuasions just wanting a good time. My group and I did get some attention and questions as to why a gaggle of straight ladies would seek out the headquarters of lesbian nightlife in the city of brotherly love. And  when I, after drinking a Malibu & cream with foolish gusto, accidentally frisbeed my Blackberry across the floor and left it lying about in pieces, a frankly beautiful woman went out of her way to retrieve the components. She grabbed my hand and asked me something. "WHAT?" I hollered. She repeated herself. "WHAT??" I asked again. This happened about two more times, then she simply twirled away...so I'll never know whether she was asking if I was lesbian or Asian...
As for drinks, they're nothing artisitc, but delightfully clubby. The space totally casts you into the mood for shit like Hypnotiq, and they've got it there, and then some. There are also a repertoire of decent beers for like five, six bucks. Cash only, but they have a $1.75 fee ATM downstairs by the $1 coat check; it looks like an arcade game. There are plentiful bathroom stalls for ladies, for once, with minimum piss on the seats.
In my opinion, this doesn't have to be a place where you go to escape the harrassment of men or experiment with bisexuality or vicariously glorify gays and lesbians. It's a place where you can go and have a fresh and scintillating experience oddly reminiscent of those first times clubbing in the '90s when clubbing was the thing to do and you could still fit into your red faux leather Mudd stretch pants. Ahem, anyway. Gret time, great people, insane music, and hyphy drinks. Couldn't ask for more. If I lived in this city, I'd probably be a regular.So based on these reviews I don't think I would ever have gone here, but I had a pretty good time here yesterday.  Me and a few friends went yesterday during outfest.  The beers weren't too pricey and the crowd was pretty decent.  We danced a little but we were so exhausted from walking around outfest all day we just sat back and did some people watching!I'm pretty surprised to see all the negative reviews for this place. Granted, I'm a gay male rather than a lesbian, I had a great time on my first trip to Sisters.
Before we realized there was a club upstairs, which is what we were looking for while waiting for Voyeur to heat up, we weren't too impressed by the floor level. My friends and I weren't really out to drink so the shitty sound system and seated Macbook Pro DJ were a bit of a let down. He played a bit of top 40, some throw back Britney Spears and a lot of Katy Perry.
After one of us mistakenly went upstairs to use the restroom and discovered the dancefloor, the night lit up. The DJ was great, the bartenders were welcoming and overall we had a great time. There was a bit of a show from two of the waitresses on a makeshift stage towards the end of the night as well. I'm sure we'll definitely hit up Sisters again.Im sorry I wish  could really give this place a decent review just for the sake of it being the only lesbian place anyone could find however it was awkward. 
Me and my gf went to phili for a weekend thinking we could try the food, area and maybe linger into a lesbian place or two. Then unfortunately we found only and and that was sisters. It was Saturday night around 10 pm and from the group of women outside smoking cigarettes you would think the inside was crowed , the opposite. 
I felt like I was walking into an high end cheap motel, those hourly ones ( don't judge I was 19 lol) from the late 70's. I can't say the place wasn't clean but the paintings on the wall scary not to mention the crowd. Everyone looks as if they were just off there anti depressants and or angry. From the five people in the club , we took advantage of the cheap drinks and made our way to woody's down the street. I felt more comfortable at the gay male club as a lesbian then this place. 
Coming from NYC area I have had access to a lot more selection as well as visiting LA so my bar is set kinda high. But this place is defiantly a low. Even with a group of friends and many drinks I just find myself getting belligerently drunk and ripping down those scary cat woman pairings. I would donate real lesbian art work from the local schools and have some intern interior decorators spruce it up then maybe take off the 1999 cd playing with recorded songs from the radio and maybe just maybe it would stand a chance. 
Walk over to Woodies or any other Gay male spot for that matter and save yourselfI love Sisters Thursdays because I'm a gay girl and I lived in Philadelphia for 4 years. So I kind of had to like it. Well no I didn't. But if I wanted a pretty large selection of women who like women to mingle with, I kind of did.
I've been to Thursdays here probably about 20 times. Have been to other nights twice. Once was my first time ever stepping inside the place, and was some random night, and there were maybe 5 people inside. Turned right back around...literally. Oops. The other non-Thursday, I happened to be in the area and wanting a strong drink, and it turned out to be a Quizzo night...was pretty empty. Probably wouldn't come back except maybe as a pregame for elsewhere.
OK so Thursdays...the special is awesome. From 9:30pm-11:30pm, you can get 8 drink tickets (mixed drinks, beer, or wine...beer is your best bet for quality...mixed drinks are STRONG and hard to stomach but make the night what it is) for a $10 cover charge. The tickets are only good for those 2 hours. This has led to many a too-drunk night for me. I finally made myself a rule that I throw out one ticket before I do anything. For my own safety.
Karaoke is always fun. This takes place on the first floor, which has a large bar. Try to get there early, if you can, to nab some seats otherwise you'll be standing. I've only ever really interacted with one bartender because I'm in love with her and like to sit near her with my boys and color her love notes on napkins. (MISS YOU DAWN!). She's fiiiiine, but taken, so don't fall too hard.
Down the stairs (I swear less than 1/3 of the clientele know about this floor) is a bathroom (THE bathroom for me...there's hardly ever someone in it when I want to use it unlike the one on the first floor) and a pool table.
Upstairs is the dance floor and a second bar (smaller but usually no trouble getting a drink). Usually by the time we make it up there, the dance floor is semi-full. It's never packed, but with all those drinks in us, my friends and I have no problem joining whoever is out there and making our own party. There is also a large bathroom on this floor, with maybe about 8 stalls. You'll never have to wait. Not the prettiest bathroom but it's functional and not completely nasty.
The most important part: the ladies. This is the only reason I ever come to Sisters is to look for ladies. I happen to only really be attracted to more feminine ladies. The crowd is usually pretty diverse in terms of both race and style/gender presentation/whatever you want to call it. Sister's didn't always have what I was looking for, but they had it frequently enough that it kept me coming back.
Sidenote: they have free coat check, and on Thursdays, there is a free buffet. It's pretty bad, but we still eat it occasionally. I try to stick to the cheese cubes because they're the least sketchy. Also go for the Caesar salad sometimes. I've sworn off the meatballs but my best friend loves them.
Closes at 2. Then you can head over to Voyeur if you want to pay an annoyingly outrageous cover for 2 in the morning. But at least you get to dance for a couple hours more, and have gay pizza right next door.
To be honest, I (and every other queer girl in Philly) wish Philly had more to offer the ladies who like ladies. But for the only lesbian bar in Philly, it does ok.
Also check out Stimulus parties (parties for ladies who like ladies...I think they're monthly...they have a website check it out)...and besides that I've found iCandy to be the best gay bar if you're looking for ladies. I've heard good things about ladies finding ladies at Woody's but the couple times I've been, I saw a pretty weak lady crowd. I personally hate Voyeur because I had a bad experience with a rude manager type and the cover is much too much. And I guess that's that for the Philly gay lady scene.
Thank goodness I'm moving to NYC. But if I'm back in Philly and craving some cringeworthy-but-gets-the-job-done drinks and a selection of lady loving ladies, I'll be back.
Just re-read my review. And I feel the need to say one last thing.
LADY.Sisters just isn't any fun, which is too damn bad. The decor (sports bar on the first floor, sticky carpet on the second floor) could really use a re-do, and the whole place could use some more class, in general. Forget really getting down here - I always feel uncomfortable and like I have to try too hard. As my friend Monica says "why does this place seem to be entirely populated by Drexel softball players?" 
I went to a really great Fringe show here one (Debbie Does Dallas, the musical) but even then it was hard to get over the general "grey" of the locations.I could complain that for being in the heart of the Gayberhood, that if for some reason I didn't want to go there, then there are far more people to do and things to see (yes, I meant it that way) for the homosexual men than the homosexual women.    
I could complain that since there are scarce options for my kind and that I will probably go there anyway, I will most likely be disappointed by how lame it is even though it's the "it" lesbian bar in the city.    
I could complain that if there are even more than ten other confirmed women in the place (and by being unconfirmed I mean I can't decipher the gender of the person in question), they are most likely at least twenty years older than me. 
I could complain that if there are indeed women in their twenties and thirties, that the majority of them fall into one of three categories -- they look like they could play professional women's football or they look like thirteen year old boys or they look like the boringly typical Shane knock-off.  
I could complain that if I am even somewhat of a feminine lesbian and want to meet a similar-minded gal, I would have better luck finding what I'm looking for by going into a straight bar and turning up the charm.  
I could complain if I went there and (after I beat the odds in every other respect) I found a cute girl who I was perhaps interested in who didn't want a threesome with her boyfriend, that after a few minutes of chatting I would probably discover I am separated from her by only two-degrees of hook-ups.  
*            *               *                  *                  *                    *                  *               *            *
But when I do all that complaining  -- and, yes, I do -- I could be complaining about the popular lesbian bar in any lesbian scene in any city in America.  And since Sisters is no different than what you'd find anywhere else, I am going to rate it a three (2  1/2 if I could) -- because it is completely and utterly ordinary.  Average.   Approximating the statistical norm or expected value of the shitty prospects of a nice and fun feminine lesbian meeting her match in the run of the mill lesbian scene in the run of the mill lesbian bar.I feel bad saying this I really do but being that even the locals think the same of this place... well I will have no problem giving my opinion.
This place SUCKS! 
Omg, this place could be so great and it has so much potential to be a great spot for the locals but man, the way it is now is terrible.  
The MUSIC is the main thing in a freaking club that just has to be on point and sadly it was not. Both DJ's on the first floor as well as the second floor really sucked. 
The set up on the first floor for the DJ doesn't exists, she basically had a table and a couple of speakers on the dance floor itself.
The male bartender was cool I forget his name and he made my drinks good, price was cheap compared to NY prices for drinks. 
The crowd was blah. 
Second floor had go go dancers or whatever you call them and they were okay. 
Bathrooms were kinda clean, plenty of stalls on the second floor.
Didn't try any of the kitchen food but I'm sure I didn't miss anything spectacular. 
I checked out the website of this place and it's a nice website, you would think its a nice spot to go to due to the deceiving site other than the ONLY spot for lesbians to go to but it really sucks in my opinion.  
Did i mention the had the nerve to charge 10 bucks at the door!!! 
I'll pass on this place next time I'm in Philly thanks but NO THANKS Sisters.Sisters has potential, but somehow just isn't getting there. I'm from the Poconos where the only gay bar is complete shit so my first time coming to Sisters I had zero expectations. That turned out to be a good thing. 
My Experiences: 
1. We walked in on a Thursday night and we were the only two there. Hmm....Then there were two women working there, both of which looked like they wanted to be anywhere else. They were very curt with us and after reluctantly pouring our drinks (umm, thanks?) they went right back to  watching some damn reality show. We finished our drinks and just left. I don't really think they noticed. 
2. Next time it was Halloween and the place was PACKED. No room to move and barely room to get drinks at the bar. So, not really their problem, but it was just a little much. (What's with the straight couples at gay bars, btw?)
3. Next up? New Years Eve. We basically looked around and the vibe was just shit so we decided to just go back to our hotel room. Kathy Griffin ended up being hosting with Anderson Cooper though and we made Peach Bellini's that were delish. 
4. Sure! We'll try Sister's again! This time it was happy hour. Woo! The drinks were actually amazingly priced. Very awesome. The service? Terrible again! Where do they get these moody bartenders. My girlfriend and I are pretty happy and go with the flow so we sort of just made it into a joke, but seriously. Also they were once again glued to the TV. Oh well. After waiting way to long for our second drinks we decided to head on to nicer places.
So, I'm pretty much done with Sisters. I mean, it is a Lezzie bar so I'm sure we'll end up there again, but I'll know what to expect. You would think they would be able to hire people in a city who actually look like they want to be there. I don't know. Maybe we keep going on bad nights. 
Oh! Also, what the hell is with gay bars and bad music? It kills me. Play something current! One new song? Maybe?
I have heard great things about Woody's so we'll have to try that out instead.Have you ever seen "The L Word?" OK, forgetting the fact that it's set in LA, where apparently everyone is gorgeous (this is only partially true, having recently returned from there) and rich, all the lesbian characters are so amazing that most straight girls would go gay for the day for a few hours of "alone time" with these ladies. 
But alas, that is a TV SHOW and this is PHILADELPHIA, where the lesbian community seems to be still finding their identity. This is how I feel about Sisters. I've gone many times, and every time I expect it to be different (isn't that the definition of insanity or something?). But each time I go I witness a sea of unfriendly faces, scary artwork, long waits for drinks and dance music that sounds straight outta the USSR circa 1991. 
I want to like it.  I really, really do. But my experiences there have been less than "sisterly." I'd love to go back with a bunch of people I knew so I didn't feel like such a complete ass just for being there.To me, Sisters was tragically-forgettable. It's spacious enough, and there's an upstairs too. For a lesbian bar, I saw more dudes than expected. (Either it was our luck, or they weren't dudes.) At least the bouncer was friendly; I didn't feel unwelcome at all.
Even though there wasn't cover that evening, it wasn't that busy. Relaxing at a table with friends, I skipped doing shots, going for a cola instead[1] (cash only). Maybe I should do shots next time? Remember, your mileage may vary. Especially if you're in Sisters's target demographic.
[1] Hey, I'm no drinking machine.Sisters is for sure the most well-known lesbian bar in Philadelphia and so I kind of felt like a bad lesbian living in the city for 8 months before I finally went.  I went with my girlfriend, two straight female friends, and gay guy friend and we all had a blast!  We went super early (like 8pm) on a Saturday night and got in without a cover.  I was rather worried at first because of the heinously tacky art on the walls of some sexual half cat/half woman creature.  Who wants their girlfriend to look like a cat?  I just thought it was sort of ridiculous.  But we decided to have a seat and give it a try anyway.
Between 9p-11p they were doing $2 drinks so I was able to get to my happy drunk place for under $20.  In the beginning the music was a little bit questionable but by 9:30p it really started to pick up.  My friends and I were some of the only people out on the dance floor but we didn't even care because we were having so much fun!  They had a separate dance floor upstairs that looked pretty fun for dancing but there was no one up there.  Maybe it picked up later in the night.
Overall we had a lot of fun and I can't wait to go back.Ok, I'm not about to take credit for this, but a number of months ago, I suggested (in a review) that DJ Deejay retire Michael, Madonna, Prince and adopt himself some new divas. Last night at Sister's, he did just that.
It went a little something like this:
Clock strikes upon the hour and the sun begins to fade. Still enough time to figure out how to chase my blues away. I saw the sign and it opened up my eyes, so here I go, here I go, here I go again, girls what's my weakness? Black, white, Puerto Rican, Chinese boys.
Straight up now tell me whether we could have a bad romance. Steal the night, kill the lights, feel it under your skin. Time is right, keep it tight, cause it's pulling you in. Wrap it up, can't stop cause it feels like a overdose. Evacuate the dancefloor. I'm a slave for you, cause you're hot then you're cold, you're a cold-hearted snake. 
Whitney Houston, Paula Abdul, Ace of Base, Katy Perry, and more? DJ Deejay is just what Sister's needs and vis versa. Well done, chap!I'm only giving this 2 stars because I have seen much much worse BUT...all in all, this place really sucks.  I've gone twice recently and a handful of other times in the past, years ago.   There is never enough people there..it's supposed to be a club, supposed to be "jumpin" if you will and that's really not the case.
It also get's a small nod because, and i know this sounds completely terrible BUT, this place makes me feel really good about myself.  It's filled with hot messes and miserable stereotypes.  If you need a strong drink, go here but as mentioned in previous reviews the wait for drinks is absolutely ridiculous!
If I wasn't afraid to be seen there as a regular I would keep going only because I'm curious to see if I might walk in one night when there's nothing but awesome lesbians wall to wall...but alas, I don't think that's a realistic expectation so I'm gonna make sure I only visit once in a blue moon.
Never had the food but judging by the rest of the place I'm assuming it's just cheap frozen stuff dropped in a fryer...breakfast items included.  
till next yearWhy are there so many baby dykes up in this piece?  Seriously, I feel like I'm hanging out with a bunch of teenaged boys.  
Watch out for straight couples on the prowl for their fantasy threesome.  PUKE
They supposedly do a fun karaoke night, but I've never been.