This place is a cash only, no frills, and no seats establishment. For lunch, I tried the three meats over rice combo. I ordered roast duck, BBQ pork, and roast pork. The roast duck was flavorful and had an acceptable ratio of meat to fat. The BBQ pork was perfectly sweet and salty, but not the most tender. And the chicken, which I was given by mistake, was well seasoned but overall too dry. 
So why am I giving this place 4 stars instead of 3? Because they kindly let me try their chicken gizzard and liver for free. And just by the looks of it, I know that roast pork would've been good. Next time...Great things come in small packages! I always stop here to get a duck to go. I'd have to say they're the best in the city (which you can tell by the line out the door sometimes). They're quick with your order and the price is phenomenal. Just remember to bring cash. They are take out only; no dining. Stop by, you won't be disappointed. Also, they are very busy, so they may be out of duck if you come late.I ordered the roast pork and rice bowl. It came with steamed veggies which were really fresh. The pork itself was good too -- crispy on the outside and tender throughout. They raised their price by $1 (almost didn't have enough cash) and I felt my box was slightly smaller than what I've seen in the pictures.It's sometimes hard for non-Cantonese/Mandarin people to come into a small mom and pop store like Siu Kee Duck House but as long as you do your research (aka read yelp/use goggle), youll do just fine pointing and getting what you want.
Cash only, delicious cheap HK bbq. The banter I exchanged with the boss lady made me feel like it was HK again. Their char siu was good and we got the hunan chicken with the scallion/ginger/oil concoction, mix that with rice and it's like heaven! 
What I'd recommend if youre a first timer is to get the 3 combo dish with char siu, soy sauce chicken and see yok (roasted pork)! Maybe the roasted duck if you're adventurous next time!My palate had recently discovered char siu pork and I was excited to try it from here when I was in the city.
It was good, but not great a little too salty for my taste. It certainly did not need the soy sauce that came with it.
I much prefer the char siu pork from a local supermarket chain Asian Food Markets. It is more flavorful and not overly salty and only $5 for 1/2 a lb.Great spot. 
1) I got the pork, duck and chicken combo. 
2) The downside is the place is cash only. 
3) However, the food is good and fast. Will return.Just went back for their famous Spring Onion Steamed Chicken.  Tender Chicken which had the perfect ginger/ spring onion sauce.  I had half a chicken tonight.  I ordered their house soup tonight (pork bone w/ Chipotle Squash, carrots and soy beans).  Very nice $9 for 1/2 chk + $3 qt soup. $12.  
Siu Kee makes it very hard for me to try other Chinese BBQ places in Philly.Skinny ducks. Good flavor. Good prices. But where is the meat? Tried the quails and roast pork . Both were authentic. I like San kee so much more. Good for take out.Decided to come here for Chinese BBQ after wandering all the Chinatown BBQ shops, and they did not disappoint. Be warned that this place is cash only and takeout only. I ordered a whole roast duck, a whole scallion chicken, and a pound of char siu pork. I tried ordering the roast pork, but they were already sold out before noon. I got the last slab of char siu and barely made it in before they were completely sold out of the scallion chicken as well. That's how popular this place is. The counter lady speaks Mandarin and Cantonese fluently and a little bit of English. They chopped everything fresh off the rack, and I loved the taste of everything I ordered. Really reminescent of my time in Hong Kong. The duck is tender, and while the skin isn't crispy, it's spiced just right. The scallion chicken was incredibly fragrant with the scallions, and the meat was amazingly moist and tender. The char siu goes great with rice, and the value just can't be beat. Highly recommend this Chinese BBQ place. They also sell some other offbeat things like duck tongue, duck feet, chicken hearts, and chicken livers for the more adventurous. They were recognized in the paper for being one of the best places in town for Chinese BBQ, and I must say I agree wholeheartedly.Definitely a high quality take out place and hidden gem in Chinatown. This place can get cramped inside, but the service is quick in this cash only establishment. I tried the BBQ pork with white rice. I must say the pork was pretty fatty, but it added to the flavor and I enjoyed it very much. You can try exotic entrees like duck tongue or feet, but it also had plenty of basics with rice for around $6.I got the two-meat over rice combo with roast duck and roast pork for $7. It was ok, but the pork was relatively tasteless (though I liked the crispy skin) and the duck skin wasn't crispy, although that might be because the place is takeout only and by the time I got home half an hour later it had gotten moist from the rice and veggies. It is cash only. My food also came with a free side soup (tastes like it's made from pork bones, carrots, and seaweed) which was nostalgic for me as that's the kind of thing you also get for free at a lot of Chinese restaurants. I would maybe try one of their more flavored pork options next time.Very very nice and tasty food. Will come back again. The duck is good and the special looks good too$19 per duck.  No seats, all takeout, cash only.  I purchased 5.  Language barrier made it a bit difficult for them to understand what I needed.A tiny hole in the wall place with low prices but great food. I always get the duck rice combo, which comes with a a hefty portion of rice, chopped duck and vegetables. They also have soup included, though you have to ask for it and it's not available around opening or closing time. I suspect it's made with duck bones, and it's a must have with the duck rice. Super cheap at $6 and you get more than a meals worth of food. No seating and cash only so it's only for take out. I've also gotten the roast pork rice and the portions were quite generous as well, would also recommend!How this place doesn't have a million great reviews is almost a mystery to me. It is a small shop tucked in a busy area with lots going on. Once you get in you find it is a tight squeeze inside too. I was a little intimidated because I was the only person squished in the small standing only area that wasn't Asian and I didn't understand a word of what was being said, but I figured it had to be good if so many people were willing to crowd in. I am so glad that I did, I had the duck special, and it was AMAZING and cheap too! I didn't care that there was no where to eat in, it barely made it home lol. The duck was crispy and moist and cooked just right so there wasn't lots of splintered bones. I wish I lived closer so I could frequent it more often, although it is probably better for my waistline that I don't. 
The duck would be part of my final meal, honestly it was that good.Great char siu bbq pork.  Simple storefront take out joint, but the quality of the simple roasted and bbq meats was very good.Came here while visiting Philly from D.C. since we have a fake version of a Chinatown at home. It's a small place, no tables, typical of most other Chinese places where you can pick up barbecued or roasted meats. 
We purchased a whole roasted duck and a whole scallion-ginger chicken. While the duck was great (and much better than you can get in D.C. or Virginia's Eden Center), it was not as tasty/meaty as those I've had in NYC. The sauce they give you is a typical five spice, and was fairly good. The real winner was the scallion-ginger chicken which was delicious, meaty, and so tender. The sauce was exactly as I remembered as a kid, and may have been a tad salty, but the meat itself was not. I believe we paid $19 for the duck, and $18 for the chicken - much better prices than in D.C., where a duck is $23 and only soy sauce chicken is sold. They also had char siu pork/chicken wings, but unfortunately we thought we purchased too much as it was. Maybe next time!I often bought their "Any 3 choices of Meat with White Rice 三拼飯" on the bottom of their menu. But the menu has changed. I went there today and the "old 3 meat choice combination" is not available anymore. But it is still good to have a two-meat combination (for $7.00 a lunch box).My mom and I bought a roasted duck here for dinner. It was too salty for our taste. It's a very small shop that accepts cash only.The Roast Duck @ Siu Kee is so delicious, it was fresh and different from other places.  I normally don't eat the duck skin, but their duck skin is so crispy.  I would definitely go back there next time when I come to Philadelphia.Finally found a great place to get Chinese food.  While the place is a little dumpy, the food (honey pork and chicken) was damn good.  It's also pretty cheap at $6 for a rice plate that has tons of meat on it.Still Great Duck but the pig keeps getting better and better.  Duck is now $20 eachThis is the best place to go for roast duck in center city.  The meat is seasoned just right and is still excellent after being refrigerated.  It may be a small store with a questionable store front, but they're specialty is duck, pork, and chicken... and they haven't disappointed yet out of the many times I have shopped there.I tried Roast Duck at all the restaurants in Chinatown.  This place consistently has the best duck.  I tried their other BBQ items (roast pork, pig ears...), they are all pretty good.  There is a reason I keep come back here, even if they charge extra $1 for a whole duck than other places.  It's well worth the money!Quite literally, pound for pound, the best roast duck, ginger scallion chicken, soy sauce chicken, roast pork and roast pig (#THATCRISPYSKINTHO!!!!) in allllll of Philly.The food plates are about 6 to 7$, which is pretty expensive compare to how much I usually paid for. When I open my rice box, I had 4 piece of duck and chicken. The food isn't bad but for 7$, I should def get more then 4 piece.I often find myself being the token Asian (and token food enthusiast) of the group, so people are always asking, "Where can I find the best _______ in Chinatown?" I can rattle off my canned answers in my sleep. "Go to Sang Kee for roast duck, Ting Wong for char siu...*yawn*..."
But truth be told, I'm lying.
You might not even notice it as you walk by. This takeout joint (Note: TAKEOUT ONLY) hides in plain sight, containing the essence of Cantonese culture in one cramped little room. It is a gem of a smokehouse. There is absolutely zero ambiance, but it has by far the best duck, char siu, and roast pig you'll find in this city. Bring cash ($9 buys a pound!), and consider brushing up on your Cantonese.
So, why do I lie about those other places? 
You know the way hipsters feel when "mainstream" people start infiltrating all their divey hot spots?? That's kind of what goes on inside Chinese people when we see "foreign devils" coming to ours.
But still, Siu Kee is so good, it's just not fair to keep it a secret.Not much to say. I would call them more of a BBQ meat shop than a restaurant but they do offer the rice boxes that many Chinese immigrants will be familiar with.
The duck and roast pork are the only items that I've tried but both were excellent. I even chose them to get a few boxes of duck to bring for Christmas to have everyone at home try. They were open Christmas Eve and Christmas (along with much of Chinatown).
This is my go to place for Cantonese roast meats.I came in here to try the duck forgetting that my go to place is closed on Tuesday.  Was not impressed by food.  Actually pricier than my regular spot and it was quite salty.  Looked good and smell good but it turned out to be meh.Siu Kee is NOT a restaurant, but a take-out place only, known for their roasted barbequed meats- duck, pig, pork and chicken. 
When Ting Wong closed in Oct. 2014 for renovations, I bought the 1 whole roast duck, roast pig, roast pork and 1 whole soy sauce chicken. The roast duck was very bony and hardly had any meat. The roast pig was just average and the soy sauce chicken was good but extremely small. However, the worst meat was the roast pork. It was not roast pork at all. 3/4 of it was roasted TENDON, which could not even be cut and completely inedible. I have never had such bad roast pork.
 This place used to be very good, but I think it is living off its previous laurels. Stay away from this place. 
Get the roasted meats from Ting Wong or M Kee instead.The pictures look so good but it was okay in person. For the price, you can't beat a $6 combo for rice + meat + vegetable. I went with the crispy pork meal. Unfortunately, the pork was served cold on top of warm rice. I was hoping for warm meat. I ate it anyway because I was so hungry. Overall, great customer service and very kind individuals.Went to store to buy half pound of roast pork. The store owner told her employee to cut me a piece that was black and charred. The employee was hesitant and she insisted him to do as she said. I refused to accept that charred piece of roast and she insisted that I must buy a pound's worth which is double the amount that I originally ordered. This is broad daylight extortion and unethical business and will DEFINITELY be the LAST to patronize this storeduck is the bomb here!
wish they move and have bigger space to eat in...better than sang kee.フィラデルフィアのチャイナタウンにあるテイクアウトの焼きもの関係専門店。
私、日本に居る時は横浜中華街が大好きで、何度も通っては色んなお店で食べ歩いていたものですが、このフィラデルフィアのチャイナタウンはNY、ワシントンDC、シカゴ等、他エリアのチャイナタウンとは違い、街に殺伐とした雰囲気がなく、うまく中国本場の雰囲気を保ちながらきちんと現地に溶け込んでおり、どこか横浜中華街を思い起こさせるところがあります。
各レストランの味も街の雰囲気同様で、中国本場の味を保ちながら中国人でなくとも美味しく感じられるよう、上手に調節されているお店が多いなあと感じたのですが、このお店はその中でも特筆すべきお店の一つ。叉焼、ダックなどの焼き物関係専門店なのですが、味付け、焼き加減が絶妙で、高級中華店の前菜などで出てきてもおかしくないレベルの高さ。余分な油はしっかり落ちていて、全く臭みもなく、日本人が本当に美味しいと思えるお味でした。
それなのにお値段はお手頃！叉焼はそのままおつまみにも、ラーメンのトッピングにもチャーハンの具にもなるので、お家ストック用に叉焼２ポンド、ダック半羽、更に小鳥のロースト３羽と大量に買って帰ったのですが、これでしめて３０ドル。レストランで１回食べる位の値段でしばらく楽しめます。
フィラデルフィアは遠いので中々簡単には来られませんが、また来た時には絶対に寄って帰りたいお店の一つになりました。
そうそう、このお店は現金払いのみですので、お立ち寄りの際は現金のご用意を忘れずに！For $6, I got char siu fan (bbq pork with rice) and it was huge.  Came with a lot of rice, a decent side of vegetables, and a cup of home-made soup (if you're Asian, it's the soup similar to the pork and vegetables soup that our moms often make).  The char siu had the right amount of chewability to it and was fragrant and sweet, not solely consisting of fat or hard-to-chew dry pieces.  Yum.  
Again, since the portions were plentiful, I ended up saving a portion for later and it still tasted great.  I can't wait to try the roasted duck and other items on the menu from Siu Kee!I have to give a happy shout-out to Enid C for recommending Siu Kee, because lord if I haven't been searching high and low for an eatery which specialises in Chinese roast meat, especially those that do the convenient and cheap takeout "rice boxes" ubiquitous in my childhood and college years.
For a cool $6, I received said rice box with delicious char siu, vegetables, and sauce to ladle on top -- maybe slightly on the salty side, but you wouldn't be able to tell by the way I snarfed this down at dinner.
Can't wait to go back and try the rest of their roast meats -- while I was there, they recommended the soy chicken, but I think the hunan chicken with the scallion ginger sauce is calling my name. Mmm...Brought home a whole roast duck, BBQ spare ribs and honey BBQ. The duck was by far the best of the three. It was very tasty and juicy, the BBQ plates were pretty standard but I wouldn't order them again. Will definitely be picking up another duck in the future though!Ordered a whole duck here. Its not as good as what I used to get in Toronto or Socal, but for east coast standards, its pretty decent (best I've had yet). I'll definitely order again if I'm in town. 
Its in Chinatown (downtown), so parking is annoyingThis place isn't your typical sit-down restaurant, but if you are looking for a high-quality takeout restaurant, then you have come to the right place. This shop is famous for its honey roasted pork, duck, and scallion chicken. For the more adventurous foodies, there are also more exotic selections on the menu, including duck tongue, liver, heart, and feet as well. I've personally only tried the more classic meats, and all of them have been cooked to perfection - flavorful, moist, and a hint of smokey roasted flavors with each bite. The meats are on the more fatty side, but the fat definitely adds to its delicious flavors. The meat is around $10/lb, and can be sold either by itself, or as a ready to eat meal with rice, veggies, and soup on the side. I usually prefer to get the meat by itself, but the ready to eat meal isn't a bad deal at all - $6 for a portion that is enough to last me two meals! The food tastes like a nice home cooked meal (except for the fact that it would be very hard to duplicate the flavors of these meats at home). 
Service is pretty quick, with most visits lasting less than 5 minutes. However, there are several downsides - it is cash only, and can get quite cramped as multiple hungry people crowed around the tiny  space in front of the ordering counter. But that is a small price to pay for boxes full of delicious meats!Best place for Roast Duck. Best place for Honey BBQ Pork. Although I love duck, the Honey BBQ Pork is so good that I may even like it more than the Roast Duck. The Rice Combination Boxes are a great value with your choice of meats with some veggies and a side of soup occasionally (randomly give it, it's only so-so anyway)
My issue with Siu Kee? Take-out only, so you have to take it home or be a bum and find some place to eat it. The food is only lukewarm and requires some time in the microwave to extract full deliciousness out of it.I have been to Siu Kee several times for lunch now, so I think it's fair for me give them a shout. I have primarily gotten their roast duck, gai lan and rice combo, which is fantastic and a pretty good deal for only $6. Sometimes there's a bit too much salt on the duck, but overall, the duck is cooked perfectly and has a nice fat/meat ratio. Once I got the duck/bbq pork rice combo, which was great too. I'd like to try some of the more unique (to me as an Italian) menu items eventually. 
The service has always been friendly, not chatty at all, which I am totally OK with.I'm amazed that this place doesn't have more reviews. It is a small place that always looks appealing as you walk past with the ducks and the quails hanging in the window. I ordered roast pork and roast duck combo with rice and gai lan and also ordered a quail on the side. This was my first time trying quail and I was really, really impressed. The other meats were very good and provided some nice fat for the rice and vegetables. The prices are cheap (a feast for under $10) and the in and out time is quick. If you're in the area and need a quick, delicious, cheap, and filling lunch, you can hardly do better than Siu Kee Duck House. I can't help but feel that this place should have a million reviews. Don't make the mistake of skipping out on their quail. It truly is a delight. They also have all sorts of other odds and ends that make it a unique snack spot (see pictures). If you're in the market for these, I would trust the quality. I will have to stop by and see for myself.Got the Peking duck buns and it was cold. The duck was ok and the bun was mushy. Usually the duck skin is crispier in a bun than how it is regularly served but this wasn't the case. Very disappointed.The best 5 spice roast beef in Chinatown.  They don't slice it thin, unfortunately, but the meat is perfectly marbleized, well-seasoned, and tender.  We get at least 2 lbs to go every time we are in Chinatown.  The roast pork (especially if you get the slightly charred end pieces!) and duck (okay maybe not as good as Sangkee's but definitely comes in at second place) are very good as well.  The only qualm is that the duck skin is not as crispy as I really like but that's a personal taste preference.  Definitely gives Sangkee a run for its money but this isn't exactly a "eat-in" kind of place; they specialize in poultry and only serve that.  Prices are higher than other poultry places but only slightly.  Overall, a fantastic local eatery.  The service is efficient and the food delicious.I ordered the half roasted duck ($9. Full duck is $17). Very yummy. May be a bit on the salty side. I have been Eating it with my meals throughout the days. It's a ver tiny to-go only place FYI. Smells a bit funky in there so hold your nose if you've got a sensitive on. I believe cash only as well so bring cash!I have no idea why it took me so long to realize that they have roasted quail here!  Better late than never, right?  It was around $7 for a styrofoam box and I would gladly have paid double.  I hadn't had quail in ages and it was tender, juicy, and so flavorful!  I don't know what they marinate the quail with but it's almost addictive;  the meat is slightly sweet and smokey.  It's not a normal appearance on their menu but I was told that they have it on some weekends.  Guess I'll be stopping in more.  I also got a small box of the BBQ chicken wings, which were just as good as Sang Kee's, although not as big.  A plus is that they are open everyday at 9 am and can have your order ready if you call in.  Super convenient if you don't want to pay for parking in Chinatown; just put your emergency flashers on outside, run in, pay, and walk away with your delicious food, all in less than 5 min.The honey BBQ pork is fantastic. Eat it alone or mixed in with fried rice (which is what my sister and I did for thanksgiving and it was AMAZING). +1 for culinary success!Delicious. I got the roast duck, scallion chicken, and char sui (roast pork). I wanted the crispy roast pork (sui yuk) but it was already alllll sold outAfter two years I figured it was time to get over my salty self. I arrived an hour before closing and ordered chasiu and roast pork over rice. For an extra $1 they gave me a few pieces of liver. I am sure if I had asked in Chinese they would've given it to me for free like they did for my SO and another reviewer here. Soup comes with the rice meals so make sure you ask if they don't give it to you. I had to ask this time.
Like another reviewer said, everything is very salty. The liver and some pieces of pork were so salty I couldn't finish. The chasiu was the exception. Well marbled and a little sweet, I would come back just for that. Oddly the soup was bland. I was surprised because last time my SO got takeout from Siu Kee the soup was the best part. 
For only $8 it was an okay meal. I know from past experience that the roast duck is good (when they actually give you meat and not bones...). I will probably just stick to roast duck and chasiu from now on. I gave them another try but I'm still salty...4.5 stars. Highest of all my chinese bbq places so far.
Great duck! Skin is very crispy and they used alot if the traditional choices such as 5 spice order in the ducks cavity.  Also they didn't deep fry the duck before roasting. This makes the duck less oily.  
I didn't care about their cha siu as much. I thought it is alittle under spiced.  Also they didn't use enough hoisin sauce in the marinate.   Only if their cha siu is good!  It'll be a perfect 5 stars.
I really dig their $6.50 lunch box.  2 meats, rice, veggies, and a qt of "house soup" fills me up til the next meal. Iam going to try their famous paper wrapped chicken next.This shop was a great stop at the end of a day visiting the city to bring food home to enjoy later (we made our own rice.)  We got half a duck, some bbq pork, and some quail.  The duck was excellent, tender, flavorful.  The bbq pork was not as good to me, but others in my group thought it better than the duck... so we'll call it a tie.  Never had quail before, but it was good, just different.  I loved the prices, presumably due to the shop being takeout only.  Didn't have anything negative to say about this place. One note would be that there was a language barrier, but pointing, gesturing, and smiling worked just fine and we will be back for more take home meats the next time we're in the city!Man, this place actually lives up to its name of being a "Duck House" - well-deserved 5 stars for the best of Philly Chinatown.  
Crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, the roasted duck  here is a simple delight.  I went here for the first time to grab something for mom's birthday.  I ended up getting the classic 1/2 roasted Peking Duck to go.  What we concluded was that although the duck was flavorful, it was neither greasy nor highly saturated in sodium/MSG, and it didn't have any unusual stink or tastes.  I used some portions to make duck noodle soup and it was simply amazing.  Needless to say, all I thought about was why I didn't get a full rack instead.  
Chinatown is definitely not within easy access from where I reside, but every time I'm in town this is always a must-stop.  So please don't let the exterior (or even the interior) discourage you from going because after a taste of the food here, because you'll regret why you even hesitated in the first place.Hands down, best roasted duck in Philly Chinatown. $9.50 for half duck and $19 for whole duck. Best time to get it is around 11:30-12pm where the duck crispy and hot. Perfectly season and amazing! Cash only.I love it. The duck, the char siew (pork), siew yok (pork) and chicken all tasted really good. My girlfriend travels to Hong Kong a lot , and mentioned that the char siew at Siu Kee tastes the same as what you would get from Hong Kong.  I gave them 5 stars for their food, but not for the ease of payment (cash only), and you can only order take-out as sit-in is not available at this tiny little establishment, which was not a big deal to me.Tried this place today and ordered the duck & bbq pork and chicken for take out.  This place is definitely a take out place, no room to eat.  The duck was good but did not have much meat on it.  I did like the flavor of it but felt I got very little meat.  The bbq pork could use more flavor, I've had better else where.  I ordered the chicken for a friend and asked her what she thought of it.  She made the comment that the chicken did not have very much meat and was alot of bone.  I think Siu Kee is okay but I'm searching for something better.I checked this place out for the first time today, and I wasn't a fan given how little meat they gave. Definitely not as much as shown in the pictures on this Yelp page (and all my three friends also agreed that there was almost no meat and that I got gypped). My friend's order had an okay amount if meat and we basically got the same thing (mine was actually a dollar more expensive), so the portions are just not consistent and just not great overall. It is only take out, so I didn't even see the portion until I had left their establishment. They also don't offer any pan-fried noodle option as a base, so you have to eat it with rice.
I heard this place is comparable to Mkee but it really isn't in terms of price or quantity or taste. I had hoped to enjoy it more but definitely not planning on spending $8 here again.What a great deal! I ordered a whole roasted "pe pa" duck for dinner with parents last night. I arrived a little earlier but the friendly ladies of Siu Kee happily picked a very delicious looking roasted duck and sliced it quickly for me. 
The duck I got was not very sweet which was what I had asked for. (Thank you!) The meat was sooo tender and my parents absolutely loved it.
Totally recommended!Best duck in Chinatown!  They have two types of roast duck.  One is the original, and one with less fat.  When asked the difference, the woman took the time to explain to me even though there was a line.I tried the roast duck over rice and it's so original and delicious!!! Surely would come here again!True story... I stepped into Siu Kee and everybody was jammin on Gangnam Style. All I knew was these ducks better be jammin too and they were NOT! I got a half duck grabbed a bottle of aloe around the corner and took a walk to Franklin Square to eat and cool off. It wasn't that far of a walk, but my duck was cold. So cold I doubt it was even warm when I left the store.
I underestimated how many bones would be involved. It takes more work to eat the duck than it probably does to catch it, pluck it, and cook it. I felt like I was playing Jenga trying to pick out the meat. I agree with Anna down there, it's not worth it ($9 for a half). The taste was cool, but like I said it wasn't jammin.
PRO-TIP: Don't forget to ask for a fork.This place is a very small shop with no place to sit down and eat so you will have to always take out your order.  After finally getting the chance to try this place, I personally think this place's honey roasted pork and peking duck is on par if not slightly better than that of nearby competitor Sangkee Peking Duck House.  It may be the slightly higher fat content in their pork and duck, but both meats have an added moisture of original flavor that I can't quite explain, satisfying the taste buds and encompassing the traditional Chinese flavorings you may experience at other Chinatown restaurants.
Once you enter, you will see a list of menu items taped on their glass panels. You can order just the meats by weight or get a meat or 2 with white rice and some cabbage on the side for ~$6.00. Cash only, but worth it if you looking to satisfy that Peking duck or roasted pork craving.  Enjoy!I missed my train and had to take a bus that routed me to Philadelphia. The Greyhound bus station is right next to Chinatown. The area is filthy and seedy. I walked into Sui Kee House thinking it was a sit down restaurant. After I got inside I decide to order some roast pork and veggies. When he handed me the boxes, they were cold. The man tells me that's the way it comes and charged me $10. There was a rude woman who came out and wanted to charge me another $2 saying that the vegetables cost more. When I got back to the train station and opened the boxes, I see fatty ends of char sui pork and just a few pieces of vegetable. What a rip off!First time in Philly Chinatown so we wanted some roast duck to bring back to our home state. We got half a regular roast duck and another half of a special kind of roast duck. It is better than all the Chinese restaurant that we tried in NOVA. Very little fat under the skin and the chef gave us nice meaty cuts. The price was a bit cheaper than NOVA restaurants. Too bad we don't have a Chinatown in VA. We only have the fake one in DC...One of my favorite take out places in Chinatown! No place to sit, so just order and enjoy elsewhere. Less wait than Sangkee with comparable prices. Their roast pork is super crunchy, BBQ pork is nicely flavored, chicken is never dry, and duck is juicy!Good location 
Good foods
Good for carry out !
Reasonable price ! Best in Chinatown !
Good BBQ stuff here , and very good service !I can't believe I'm saying this about a bbq shop, but Siu Kee has been getting on my nerves lately. They undoubtedly have the best bbq in Chinatown (bbq pork, roast pork, roast duck - all delicious), but they also will serve you inedible scraps if you don't watch them closely. Twice now I have sat down, opened my takeout container, and discovered meatless pieces of roast duck or foul, black liver. Makes me mad that they would serve food they obviously wouldn't eat.I've ordered takeout 4-5 times from here and the meat has always juicy, tender, and a good cut. That said, I've only gotten chicken and duck. Also, inexpensive.
Cash only.I'm a bit hesitant to review after one visit but it was such a disappointment that I have to write about it (and then hopefully frequent this place another time and give it another chance because of the abundance of rave reviews...). I got take out - and maybe because it was an hour before close that I didn't get a good selection of meat...but I wanted to try it after reading so many reviews and wondered if it could compare to my beloved m kee. From what I had today, there is NO comparison (I will never choose another my dear m kee...I'm so sorry for betraying you...I subsequently went to m kee afterward because my friend wanted take out too but did not want it at this place because she thought it smelled funky...good decision on her part) I opened my box and immediately knew it would not taste good - the meat looked dry and dark as if it had been laying out all day. There was no bright maroon reddish color that honey BBQ pork usually has...I glanced over at my friend's dish and mourned. 
Taste: it was just so salty...and it had a hint of grassy flavor as well - probably from the  poorly cooked vegetable bok choy that came with it - way over cooked and mushy. I was not pleased at all. I was starving so I forced my way through the entire thing but it was so salty even the rice was not enough to cover the pungent taste. 
Again - I've heard so many good things about this place so was a bit reluctant to accept that this is all this place has to offer. I'll have to come during the midday when meat is fresh and see if it's any better!After a tough day on the job I walked aimlessly with a goal to enjoy some victory grub in Chinatown. Although I got lost initially, I knew I could not give up on the mission. I continued my journey not sure of what I needed but knowing it would call out to me. Seeing a rave review on a door from THE Craig Laban made it evident that was my place, and my place ending up being Siu Kee Duck House. While there looked to be a few delectable items the 1/2 duck was what I walked away with ( anything else would be like going to Burger King and ordering chicken ). Juicy and tender were the adjectives I've used to describe previous duck and they'll be the same I'll use today - juicy and tender. The succulent fat was rich and a nice compliment to the enjoyably gamey treat. Quick service and a reasonable to go price ($11 for the 1/2) made this a nice impromptu lunch surprise.My favorite place to get Cantonese roast meats in Philly. The folks who work there are always really nice, kind. The prices are reasonable. Cash only, so plan accordingly.
The roast pig is better than any I've gotten elsewhere. It's soooooo juicy. Other joints tend to overcook this cut. Siu Kee's is alway soft, flavorful without relying on a shitton of five spice. The skin is crispy heaven. $12/lb.
The roast duck is THE meatiest duck being sold, that I've ever found. Again, not subjected to an over abundance of five spice.
My mom had scallion chicken over rice. She said the chicken was nice and soft, the flavor lovely, but she could NOT stop going on about how flavorful the rice was.
It's just a small take out joint, with a limited menu.  But what they have on offer is the best I've had. I've had a lot of Cantonese roast meat joint food, in a lot of places. This is my favorite place to get it.Came in during pandemic! Roast duck was solid, as expected. I throw this in the air fryer and heat up some steamed buns, sliced scallion, and hoisin sauce to get my peking duck fix!I grew up coming here and the quality has gone down hill. Today (Thanksgiving) I tried their Peking duck. They obviously are known for their roast duck but thought I'd try the Peking duck. First, they use the same roast duck so the skin is not crispy. They also are not skilled at cutting the duck thinly. The buns they provided were stale. Half a Peking duck was 22 dollars and a full duck had no discount at 44 dollars (for reference sang kee is 24 and 36 respectively and m kee had a line around the block today). I found both of those facts out after I bought the full duck at siu kee and basically paid an extra 20 bucks for stale buns, scallions and hoisin sauce. Absolutely not worth it. 
I also ordered the crispy pork a couple weeks ago and it was dry and tasted old. 
I will not be returning.Imagine being able to get some of the tastiest roast duck in the city for a low price . You can make this a reality by visiting Sui Kee Duck House located at the Southern  Entrance of Philadelphia Chinatown on North 10th Street . This takeout place offered a whole roast duck for $22 . The rice and  vegetables on the side a buck per side . This Fowl had quite crispy skin . The dark meat is  moist surrounded by a sliver of fat creating a slippery succulent sensation with each bite . If you feel the need for more flavor the sauce on the side gives this bird a savory that is something to quack about . In addition to Duck they also sell roasted chicken & pork including cuts like pig ears . The service was friendly and efficient. You can take your duck home whole or cut up .Simple yet satisfying. The duck is truly as excellent as they say--at least in terms of texture and flavor. I would give 5 stars, but I hate that the duck is served lukewarm.Good quick take out shop and cheap eats. It's small but packed with lots of flavors. I visited them at around 7-8pm and ordered a couple things Togo. The duck was cooked well and flavorful. However the quails were more salty than I like, and overpowering the honey glazed. They have other bbq dishes as well, would visit again when I'm in town.I like this little hole in the wall, there's usually some dead animals in the window And it's a bit greasy, if you like duck this is where to get it. Period. I like to get the little  two dollar sandwiches they make to-go they are awesome.Overrated as heck. I've had their crispy roasted pork and Peking duck a few times, both were pale in comparison to Hung Vuong Food Market's BBQ stand near 12th and Washington. Their crispy roasted pork is $15/lb. Hung Vuong's $11.50/lb. In this case, premium prices did not equate to superior quality.Though it's a hole in the wall, the roast ducks here are by far the best in the East Coast! My wife is a die-hard fan of ducks!  She has tried most of the roast ducks in the five boroughs of NYC, NJ, and even Boston (frequent visitors).  But Siu Kee remains on the top of her list and is still by far the best roast ducks. She used to love a place on East Broadway in the City but it was closed after the lease was up many years ago.  Now she always reminds me to pick up a duck at Siu Kee whenever I travel to Phili.  And when she craves for roast ducks, we'd just drive all the way down for Siu Kee!Christmas lunch, anyone?
Thankfully they were open Christmas day. It's the little miracles. 
From their roast pork to the scallion chicken, your Chinese staples can be had here, and for a competitive price. If you're hopeless in the kitchen like I am, Siu Kee will deliver[1]. Pig ears? Yes, please.
Find them in Chinatown.
[1] Don't know if they'll actually deliver. But we did pick up.A small spot in Chinatown that serves an amazing Three Treasure Rice with very nice and hardworking employees.
The Three Treasure Rice comes in those styrofoam boxes filled with rice, some veggies, two types of their delicious ducks, and roasted pork that just melts in your mouth. This also comes with a soup. These glistening jewels bursts with flavor and leave you stuffed. The only slight down side is that the duck skin isn't as crispy as I'd like, but still delicious. All the flavor and juices gets soaked into the rice and vegetables making them a rich and soaked with flavor.
The whole roasted duck itself fills up two containers is just as delicious. The same downside is that the duck skin isn't as crispy as I'd like it to be. The crispy skin can really make it break a good roasted duck, but the great flavors make up for it a little.  I love that they give you a cup of sauce for each half or container, sometimes places only give you one.
It's a great place to grab lunch or get some duck for dinner or an event. It's well worth the price and I can't wait to go back for more.