Didn't really know what to expect, thought it would be a lounge but it turns out it was a beer garden. It was a pleasant surprise.  Service from when they checked ID (they check EVERYONE) to guiding you up, to getting drinks and going outside was great. We came there for the spiked hot chocolate. It was pretty pricey at 10 bucks a cup but a necessary accessory when you step outside.  It has whipped cream with whichever alcohol you choose, bourbon cream, fireball cinnamon and something mint.  You then top it off with your choice toppings, mini kit kats was my fav. The view was spectacular.  When it got to cold we went inside and commandeered a table and played connect 4. It was a fun time.  There were 2 bars.  The main one and a little makeshift one set up outside.  We always went to the one outside since the line was shorter. Will def come back for a chill night!Wow, I had no idea this place existed, but its very cool. A nice hangout at the top of one of the downtown skyscrapers, complete with games, beer, and a pretty cool hot chocolate bar. The venue is largely inside in a sort of cafteria/beer hall type fee, but you can venture out onto the balcony.. it's just not that well heated.
Drinks are reasonably priced and you can technically take chocolate and marshmallows from the hot chocolate bar for free (technically). They also have a nice menu of mixed drinks available.
Definitely worth checking out if you have a guest in town, the view on the balcony is great.I don't review many places but this place needs me... 
(solid 2.5 stars) 
Sitting on top of the 51st floor of 1717 Arch emits excitement right away. The elevator ride prepares you for something special as your ears pop rising to the top of the city.  Unfortunately, this is where the excitement ends and SkyGarten fell short for me. 
SkyGarten's identity is really the issue.  It is a beer garden on the top of an arguably posh building. The two don't coincide with each other. Beer gardens are obviously trendy right now but this place could be so much more with the right love. 
The rundown: 
$5 cover (get over it).
50 max people outside - after that it's one in, one out. 
$10 mix drinks (abt $6 beers) 
The bar list is limited (no Hendricks or major variety top shelf LQs) Craft beer is decent but limited.  There were a few options for food - Burger, mac&cheese bites, wings, fries, or hummus. I went with the tomato basil hummus bc I have a problem with wings and my sponsor says to not make eye contact.  The hummus accompanied by celery, carrots, pits chips was pretty good. The staff aside from the bartenders and food runners (who were great) was not friendly and had no customer service experience whatsoever.  The inside, is setup with banquet style bar areas. Benches line the central room with German beer banners draping the columns (games are on the tables).  The open terrace surrounding the outside is the main attraction.  I am sure there are many restrictions to what can be done outside, but it too was lackluster. 
The verdict: If you have never gone before then check it out.  For me personally, after going once,  I see no reason to return.  With the little effort put into the esthetics, you're basically paying to take a selfie. PS, Despite what you heard - I don't take selfies. 
Hope this helps and did not sound too negative. The place has potential to be something great.the view is nice but the place looks like a collage house party-ish. they could make it nicer. door coverage $5Jet-Plane Volume Music Kills Festivity or Romance in this Tired Bar in the Sky
51 stories in the air cannot save this confused, joyless place. Pay your $5 cover, which I suspect pays for the many bouncers, and walk into a place that will not work for you:
* Social occasion with friends? Nope! Unless you like screaming over your picnic table so people can hear you, forget happy chit-chat. 
* Romantic? Nope! Some ladies were really dressed up, and looked ridiculous sitting at the picnic tables. No privacy, no cozy corners. No candles.
* Happy, pleasant music? Nope! This is the same pounding, unhappy music you  hear on the street when an obnoxious car passes you and it is so loud it disturbs everybody on the sidewalk. It might be suitable to a rougher dance club, except nobody dancing here! Totally inappropriate music. 
* Great Design? Nope! Just some wooden picnic tables, some beer bottles over the light fixtures, and pictures of happy beer gardens where people can actually socialize and relax. Nothing clever or pretty like in a Spruce Street Harbor Park or PHS type pop-up. 
*Great views? Yes and no. So, how can they ruin this? Well, they can make sure that the same relentless music follows you at almost equal loudness outside, so that it kills the serenity and majesty of the view. Then, make sure nobody can sit outside unless they face away from the view and into the blinding spotlights illuminating the building. 
* Food? Yes, good. Kudos to Brauhaus Schmidt. Adding a star back for that and what was left of the view. 
* Drink? Some good German beers. None of our great local brews, of course. Some OK Brooklyn beers wandered in, looking confused. ;-)
The solution for the owners? Reduce music volume 80%, especially outside. Ditch the DJ, and just play an inviting soundtrack of mixed, popular tunes. Raise the lights just a little bit inside. A few small tables outside (on both sides of the building) facing the view. Add a few, large potted plants. Keep the food. Substitute Philly's Yards beer or equivalent for the Brooklyn stuff. 
My advice to you? Enjoy a some what lower elevation, but happier view anywhere else. Heck, I've enjoyed the open second story of the Revolution house in Old City 10 times more than this confused and sad place.The view is amazing. The drinks and atmosphere and fact it closes at 10:30 is not amazing. Ok to go for the view once but wouldn't be a reg hangout.Really awesome views, cool beers but they were not serving anything on tap. The inside is a bunch of picnic tables with games. The outside has places to stand and look at the views, sometimes you have to wait to get onto the balcony (ten minutes). Good experience but not a place I would go to as a regular!Finding a traditional beer garden way up on top of this building was amazing!  The beer selection was great, true to Octoberfest tradition.  While the appetizers were predictable, they were very tasty.  The wings had great spice and the fries with gravy and cheese were delicious.  Best of all were the views of the city as the sun set!We just went here Saturday night for the spiked hot chocolate bar. It was so good, worth the $10 for the spiked hot chocolate and the view. This place is good for a quick drink/view, then you go on our way to another bar that isn't as overpriced.This is a cool experience you should try at least once. There is a $5 cover. This is not a place you would stay for the whole night so def plan for somewhere else to grab food and drinks afterwards. The hours are limited so try and arrive fairly early. There's a 50 person limit for the outdoor area. The only thing outside is music and the views. All bar areas are inside. If you leave the outside area you have to get back in line. Drinks are overpriced. They offer food but the music is so loud you probably don't want to sit in there and eat.This is truly a phenomenal view and the atmosphere is very relaxed. There were 4 beers on draft for $7, and both my boyfriend and I agreed the grapefruit wheat was the best! If it's there when you go, give it a try! I wouldn't recommend the pretzel sticks though, ours were hard. The employees were all very kind and helpful. The whole place was nice and clean and so were the bathrooms. The lines were short (we went on a Thursday.) The only thing is I wish I knew how incredibly windy it would be up there. Definitely don't wear a dress or skirt, I had to hold mine down the whole night! Also, there are two sides to the building with a long hallway in between, check out both views!This place is really great to go with friends with your spouse. The views are spectacular. Grab a drink and enjoy the ambiance. I believe it's a $5 cover. This place has 2 sides so you can see the city. Definitely will be back.There was much hype about the place before it opened - so it was on my list of places to check-out this summer.  I visited with friends during Center City Sips.  This is the type of place to be seen and definitely check out the view - but after that - get outta there - well you old folks..because this is a young persons hang out...LOL
It is not much room up there on the roof deck and if you don't arrive early, you will have to wait for others to exit before you are allowed on the rooftop.  A few friends and I decided to meet up here for Center City Sips and enjoy the view. 
Tip:  Cash bar - ATM has a high surcharge.  
Not sure I would visit again...maybe for a specific event/private affair?Great bar, good food, and most certainly a perfect view of the city. I highly recommend it for a night out of any occasion.Had $10 spikes hot chocolate. Actually pretty good but $10 is quite a lot of money, not sure if it's totally worth it. Good concept and worth the visit but not sure if I'm going to come back repeatedly. Great views though.In the end of the day, there's one real reason to go to Sky Garten: the view. While my first official visit to Sky Garten didn't happen until last month, I'm no stranger to this building. From exploring it as a potential wedding venue, to Center City Sips, to a Drink Philly Event, I assure you that I cannot leave with at least some new photos. 
The views are practically panoramic and breathtaking. I have trouble not exclaiming, "I love this city" when taking in the scenes 50+ floors in the sky. 
I'm mixed on the concept of Sky Garten itself though. I love that it's a bar, with food, that's open more than one night a week. However, the German beer garden style just doesn't do it for me. While it's cool that there are benches on the inside with board games available, there are many more luxurious things that can be done with this space. 
Of course, I didn't expect bargain pricing up here. You may a premium for those views, don't you know. And while they weren't bleed-you-dry, pompous pricing, my $8 for a cup of vodka club left a little to be desired. Speaking of which, according to one Philly.com article updated on April 6, 2018, the $5 cover includes a cocktail made with Sky Vodka. On this visit, this wasn't the case. I wish I knew about this or would have said something when I was there (I guess that's why Yelp exists though, right?). Not to mention that I hate paying covers. But the views make it well worth it.
The selection of drinks was just okay. I'm not a German beer girl and everything else was a little ordinary. Although they have the views, and you don't go there for the rare craft brews. I didn't try the food, but it seemed like basic German pub grub with a little extra premium. 
If it isn't already crystal clear, like the Philadelphia sky on a gorgeous day, Sky Garten is all about the atmosphere, and I'd gladly visit even if the only attraction was me, myself and sky.The best thing about this bar is obviously the view. The drinks were pretty expensive especially given that my boyfriend and I went during happy hour and still paid around $10 for a drink. To top it off, the margaritas were not well made. Clearly just some tequila and syrup. 
The service was okay. The view is nice but in retrospect paying for the cover and the mediocre drinks was not worth it. Especially when there are so many quality rooftop bars in CC.Really fun place. Games on the tables. And obviously the view is spectacular! 
Worth it even with the $5 cover just to get in. (they check ID too) 
As dairy free, and not eating many meats, the best option was the veggie burger without the cilantro crema. Added a little ketchup and it was pretty good. I split this with my friend who was vegan. The fries were nice and crispy too!My boyfriend had been wanting to take me here for a while. I'm so glad we finally made it. Saturday night and it wasn't that busy. 51st floor. $5 cover charge. $5 cover charge for the amazing view, definitely not gonna complain. We ordered drinks from the bar in the hall way. Can the bartender crack a smile? Then waited in line to go outside. Saw that there was another room with food and more drinks! Frozen drinks! I love me so frozen drinks. The line moves pretty fast and we were outside in less then 5 minutes. The view! View! View! It was a beautiful day to be on the 51st floor overlooking Philly. I love it. After finishing over drinks we went inside to check out the bar and to get a frozen drink. The bartender let me try the two flavor they have and I ended up getting the frozen peach lemonade. Yummy! Yummy! The bartenders in the room was much cooler then the one in the hallway. Definitely will come back.Such a great concept. Planned a visit here all week. Finally got there after a long day of sightseeing only to find that they do not have seats along the edges. The picnic table are away from the edges and below the view. The beer was good, the view was fantastic but I will have to spend my money next time where we can sit and enjoy the view.My hubby and I are both New York natives & we love rooftops! This one in philly was so great it reminded us of the rooftops back home. Only much calmer than your usual nyc rooftop. Only $5 cover charge! + The views are amazing. I will def come backIt's good view for the city! But they are lots of people. The 5 dollars for the entrance. We order sausage and ck wings. The ck wings is better than sausage. Fries are good! We love the HB beer, but when we get second cup, they are sold out of HB.( in that day, it's only 8pm)The view is incredible and they have a western facing balcony to watch the sunset. Unfortunately, I paid 8 dollars for a domestic beer and it wasn't even cold! Great view, decent atmosphere, pricy, and not so great service.Cool views and fun venue for outdoor beer garden during the city.  We went on a Friday evening and the crowds were not bad at all.  All personel leading us up the elevators and in the right direction were very friendly and pleasant.  Did not try the food at this visit.  Prices were very standard and reasonable.  Beer selection was adequate with the options of mixed drinks, if desired.  Large amount of seating indoors and chill environment to take in the views outside.
My one complaint was that the line to get a beer was quite long so that we spent a good amount of time waiting for that before we got out to enjoy the view and the weather.Fun time for SIPS! No cover and amazing views of the city. Way too many people for the space, lines were long, especially to get in and on the outside decks, and most areas were cash only. Forget getting a seat unless you watch for a table. Still a great place to grab a decently priced drink with so much to see!A few friends and I decided to meet up here for Center City Sips and enjoy the view. Turns out there is extremely limited space on they "rooftop". A few of my friends were unable to get in as the line quickly backed up over 1/2 a block down the street! You must wait in the outside line, then ride a small elevator (or at least it feel small when your squished in there), then wait in an additional line in the elevator lobby. Once inside it gets much better since the view is really nice when you can see it. The bars were cash for this particular event with an ATM surcharge of about $5!
We won't be visiting this spot again to socialize, but maybe for a private event!My how far we've come. The last time I was here it was the summer of 2014. It was known as Top of the Tower, house music was blasting and it was a Wednesday evening sips crowd.  I felt too old and vowed never to return. Well SkyGarten is now a chill hang out spot with the same great view. We came on a Friday around 9pm a few days before Christmas. There were tables to play games and Home Alone was on the projector. It wasn't too crowded, but i could see how on a nice day it could be. The real winner of SkyGarten was the spiked hot chocolate. It was some of the best I've ever had. You can choose several different liquors (whipped vodka, caramel, fireball, Bailey's etc.) I only had one hot chocolate since $10 is a bit steep, but it was delicious nonetheless. They also had a hot chocolate toppings bar and a bunch of holiday candy. I like what they've done with the place.Cute. People are right that the seasonal hot chocolate drink is a little expensive ($10) for what you get in a paper cup, but perhaps it's inflated for the novelty of it. I liked the toppings station. It does look like they upgraded to a bit fancier digs for the toppings, as they were in various decorative bowls on a covered table. I recommend the kit-kat bites or something not too dense because everything else seems to sink to the bottom of the cup and make a goop.
The atmosphere was nice. My friend and I played several rounds of Connect 4 and ordered wings. The wings were way too spicy for the both of us, and we needed water (we did not eat them all due to the spice, so fair warning-- they are HOT). Water was available at the fountain outside and past the exit. It was either that, drink tap or pay for a bottle. I chose the fountain water which did the trick.
It was cozy. Probably a nice after work activity if you are OK with a small snack menu and drinks. We did not go outside and I was a little hesitant to even ask because two security guards flanked the door and it looked uninviting and hard to tell if people were allowed out. I did eventually see people floating in and out though. Frankly it would have been too cold for me anyway. Either way, you can get a good view looking out the window just as well.Weird. Thats SkyGarten summed up in one word. First, its on the 51st floor of a swanky corporate building in Center City. They check ID's before you even walk in the building. You then take the elevator up and when you exit the elevator, you're met by 3 9-year olds running through the hallways and playing Connect Four. I'm not kidding. There are stuffed animals and Jenga games on the tables, with families of 5 eating apps and having family fun time. Huh? Theres a security guard leaning on the wall. You go outside to the patio, which has an exquisite view, and there is another employee with a flashlight, pointing out the steps you're about to fall down, because there are 5000 watt runway lights pointed directly upward into your face, blinding you to everything below, like the steps for example. You go back inside, and the line for the bar is now protruding into the hallway, with people waiting to order what basically amounts to your cousins Devry graduation celebration open bar. Over priced cans of beer, a few bottles of decent alcohol; nothing special. The food smelled ok, but we didn't stick around long enough to order food. They had forgotten to set up our pre-reserved table, and we got a few drinks while we waited to sort everything out. They eventually got it right, and even offered us a few shots (of Fireball....ugh) as a mea culpa, but by that point, I was ready to go. 
I really couldn't understand why they would check my ID to let me go upstairs to a dive bar/upscale sky patio/chucky cheese hybrid. I couldn't understand why there was an armed security guard 5 feet from where two kids were playing Jenga in a crowded room on an unbalanced bar table. I couldn't understand why a can of some obscure IPA was $8. The view is seriously amazing, but it doesn't make up for the other nonsense. Theres no cover at least, so theres that.The view is incredible, and you really couldn't ask for a better bird's eye view in the city. We went on a Wednesday night, and we were able access both decks with minimal to no line. $5 cover - annoying but if you expect it, no big deal. It's worth it for the view alone. Keep in mind drink prices are very reasonable - $6 for cans of craft beer, $7 draft beer, $10 for frosé - especially considering the location. Yeah, it isn't authentic in terms of a beer hall and there are no steins, but this is a great time with an incredible view. Hours are weird and they aren't open Sunday through Tuesday, so check their website to ensure they will be open. Also, don't show up too drunk - the girl in front of us was moderately intoxicated (I actually didn't realize she was drunk but my husband thought she was when we were talking to her in the elevator) and was not allowed to access the premises.A COMPLETE DISAPPOINTMENT! The view is nice but nothing else is. It's my understanding this place is operated by the same group who owns Brauhaus Schmitz. If you want a nice, German themed menu, in a comfortable atmosphere where you can enjoy your food go to their other place. If you want to pay a cover for an elevator ride to get a drink in what by all accounts feels like a rented out conference (that's actually what this place is) with a theme that I would liken to a hotel room party at best go to the roof. Be sure to stand in line for the patio first so you get to see it, the number of people allowed at one time is very limited.Amazing Amazing Amazing, and essentially free unless you dine or drink. This doesn't appear to be a permanent establishment, it feels quite transient and conference room-ish but the views....Whoah! They have a healthy selection of brews, as expected from Brauhaus Schmitz, and some nice food options. We just indulged in a beer and enjoyed the views. If we go back it will be only because we have a visitor and want to show them the sites, not going to be a usual hang out, we will continue to go back to South street and eat/drink at Brauhaus though!We we're excited to bring our family to check this place out... But it's closed for renovations. We checked the website before we went to look at the hours , and there was no notification of this. Disappointed we made the walk... Hopefully we can we try it in the future.What a cool place! I read that they had spiked hot chocolate which was my only motivation for coming here, ha. We walked in a little after 6 on a Thursday and the place was hopping. 
Community tables are everywhere along with the typical games you find at the area beer gardens. They have a good happy hour drink menu from 5-7 consisting of cocktails, beer, and wine. 
We didn't get anything off the HH. My husband got the pear Moscow mule, which he loved. I got the spiked hot chocolate with the mint liquor. Bonus that they have a table off to the side to garnish your hot chocolate with (caramel, marshmallows, chocolate chips, etc). We also loved the caramels and chocolates. 
Before we left, I had to check out the view from outside (even if it was frigid!). Those views are unbelievable. I can't wait to go back in the summer!Came here before on a Sunday but they were closed :( Last night after bar hopping around CC, we decided to give it another shot; why not it's Saturday! Also, we had a buddy from out of town & we wanted to show him this gem..
There is 2 bars: 1 when u come up (drinks only) & the other 1 is inside where u can order drinks & food. 
Being as though it was Saturday there was a wait to get on the roof deck (bc of capacity). The line moves fast though don't worry.. 
The drinks were good and the view from the 51st floor was breathtaking! Great place to impress a date or anybody def coming back!Be prepared to battle a crowd, at least on Wednesdays.  I came here on a sips day and had to battle a throng of people in what was a chaotic entrance experience.  You're scuttled from a line downstairs to a line upstairs with no clear instructions, and A LOT of people who think rules and lines are beneath them and will cut you in line hoping that you don't look them in the eye and lose them in the chaos.  There needs to be some more order established in terms of how building security and skygarten security let people up and down.  Once you get there, you do have a great view, but be prepared to pay for it.  Your beer is marked up around 1% for each floor you are off the ground so a 6oz cup will run you about $8 on average.  The food sits under heat lamps and served like a cafeteria, so my party passed.  We snapped a couple of selfies, sipped our beer then bounced to the next location.  This to me is a tourist trap and a once a year and done kinda thing.  If you enjoy a bro-frat scene this is the place for you, if you hate crowds and talking over a billion people find a beer garden closer to the ground.Went for the special event on 4th of July. The weather was a bummer but luckily we got there about 10 minutes before the rain so we were able to get outside in the balcony for a minute. Incredible views!! The staff was very friendly and the food was excellent. Drinks were solid with a small but nice beer selection. I had a craft pink grapefruit wheat. Not quite as glamorous inside as I imagined but it's nice for a change from the standard bars in center city. Nice crowd. Views make it a must try. We will be back on a night the weather cooperates. Looking forward to trying the Sunday brunch.I've been here several times especially when it first opened two years ago. The only reason why I come here is because of the breath taking view of Philly you can get at the roof top, especially near sunset on a nice day and the amazing instagram worthy photos you can capture. Other than that, the menu items and alcohol selection is on the average end. Oh, and I forgot to mention that now there is a $5 cover charge. It use to be free as long as you are over 21 but I guess plenty of people come up here just for the view and not order anything that they start to charge.We started off a Saturday night out with heading to the SkyGarten around 6:30pm. It was a little confusing to find the entrance and once inside the building security guard just made eye contact and said, "51st floor". The long elevator ride up and the some what hidden location  made me look forward to the night out. But once we got to the 51st floor  disappointment set in as we exited the elevator and entered the  90s looking office building.
We were asked for our IDs and a $5 cover which I thought was unusual since there wasn't a band playing. The security guards and doorman were not friendly and seemed annoyed to be there. We entered a long, narrow hallway and the view of the city was great. There was a tiny bar where we got a very bitter glass of white wine and a shandy beer. The prices were OK but the selection was poor. 
With drinks in hand we explored and found a much larger bar (wish we knew about this first) in a room with lots of seating. The selection at this bar was a bit better and food was available for purchase. We didn't buy any food, but it smelled good.
I liked the long tables and benches with games like Connect Four and imitation Jenga. My second drink was a frozen peach lemonade and it was quite tasty. After a few rounds of games we decided to explore more and check out the view some more. When I asked a staff if you could go out on the roof deck he said in a grumpy voice, "It's raining".  I then asked are you allowed out if it is not raining and he said again, "Yes, it's raining". 
I think the SkyGarten has great potential but it just lacked a certain je ne sais quoi. The staff were rude and irritable and it was early in the evening. I can't imagine their attitude as the night progressed. I think the SkyGarten is a cool place to check out once but I don't see a reason to go back.The view here is awesome. Especially at sunset. I had a great time with me and my old lady. The wings we had were good and the beers were also. We played Jenga while we waited for our food. Only bad part I did not like is that the strongest beer they had was 5.7%. Pricey on drinks but u are in downtown.Went here this weekend around 6 o clock. There was a $5 cover charge and then they had a very limited drink selection and wine was $9 a glass. Went out on the balcony and the view is not that great as the ledge is high and there are blockers so you can not get too close. Space is kind of limited outside and crowd is kind of yuppie. There was one small speaker outside playing music that was barely audible. Will not be back here again, Bok Bar is a much better view and experience.Oh my goodness, this place might be my new go-to. If you enjoy a good drink at a good value, spectacular views of Philly, good music, no cover charge, mingling, and board games, this might be your new go-to, as well. 
I absolutely loved the cozy vibe of this place. My friends and I arrived when it opened at 5pm on a Saturday, and easily snatched up a table, a few drinks (alcoholic and non alcoholic, hot and cold), some fries, and cards against humanity. The floor to ceiling views of Philly greet you from the second you exit the elevator - it really makes you appreciate the city. This is definitely a place to snap a few instagram photos, but honestly, I'd still love this place if it was housed on the street in a windowless barn. It's such a nice place to chat and hang out, with the amazing views being just an added bonus. There's a few foods to snack on, but I would look elsewhere if you're looking for a proper meal. For the winter season, the bar is decorated in a ski lodge theme, with a variety of spiked wintery favorites available at the bar. Drinks range from $3-10, which is about what to expect at any bar in center city. 
I can't wait to come back here, especially once spring and summer arrive!I'm going there by the advice of a friend! 5$ for enter, the place is amazing, you can see the entire city! 51 floor and 2 different point of view! I'm completely in love with that place! The view is handsome!
The bar is good but in my opinion there isn't much choice of drink and also food!Horrible. $5 cover charge. The effort here was laughable between the non-existent amenities, the portable worksite stereo playing FM radio, and the minimal yet tacky decor. The clientele is reflective of the novelty nature. The views are nice, but not worth it.Jamel,Calvin, and Christopher were so friendly and welcoming.  We had perfect views and great ambiance. We had such a great night! Can't wait to go back.This place has so much potential. The view is amazing but the rest of the set up leaves a lot to be desired. The common areas used to pass from one viewing point to another and to the bar/restaurant look like an old hotel hallway. It looks like they got started on a good concept but just couldn't bring it home to make the entire experience perfect.  I think if you're going to charge a cover you really need to make this place a little bit better. It's definitely not a place I would choose to come to on a regular basis, but I would come by if I wanted to show people a great view of Philly.The view is FREE and worth going to see for an hour at most. I caught the sun setting, which came along with some eavesdropping juicy romantic couples convos. No proposals though at my visit. Sad face!
Flaws: not kid friendly since the walls are tall. I'm short and some areas I couldn't see past.
Bonus points: food and drinks available. Nearby other nightlife ($$$) and other places to look at for free. Great visitor spot.
Tip: walk around the building and go when the sun is setting.Amazing views!
The SkyGarten seasonal pop-up bar is absolutely worth going to for access to the 51st floor balconies. Sunset on a clear day over the Schuylkill can't be beat. Just make sure you wear tight-fitting clothes - not for the dance floor, it's to make sure you don't flash everyone on the windy balconies!!
There are 2 bars. The selection isn't great, but you're not really going for the drink selection, right?  Expect to pay a little too much for adequate drinks, stay for an hour for the views, and then move on to Uptown Beer Garden for better drinks and a place to sit and chat.Went for sips. 
Nice sips deals for beer, wine, and mixed drinks. 
The view is AWESOME. I definitely recommend this venue for sips and happy hour. 
Unlike some sips venues, this one accepts credit cards, which is nice.I was really excited to try this place! I'm sad it was such a let down. You wait in a ridiculous like for one or two bartenders at ONE bar to serve you. Then you wait in another like to get on the terrace because there is a 50 person limit. It is one in one out, which I've experienced before. However, we get out on the terrace after waiting 45 minutes and I set my drink down on the edge, within 5 minutes a security person tells me and my boyfriend we need to leave because of it. Not once were we warned, and to my knowledge (not that I would know I was only there for 5 minutes) there were no signs advising against. For that wait, absolutely not worth it.*Do not go during CC Sips - you will be waiting forever* 
Obviously the views are the biggest feature of this bar. Aside from the limited bar and food menu, the atmosphere is nice. They tend to limit the amount of people going outside so you will have to wait for people to come back into the main bar area (can't beat the view though).I used to love SkyGarten but their new $5 cover policy won't have me coming back for awhile. I understand the need to limit the number of people due to spacing issues but this is simply ridiculous. This is Philadelphia, the only way most of us pay a cover for a bar is if it goes towards a band or performers. One of my favorite memories was watching the fireworks with my fiance and future sister in law over 4th of July weekend. 
Maybe now they are trying to get the naive tourist crowd who dont realize there are other non-cover rooftop bars in the city? They got a bit greedy with it in my opinion and won't get my business back until they at least limit the coverage charge to certain hours. And no, I'm not telling you which other rooftop bars because I'm sick of out of towners ruining the good spots haha ;).super chill spot! the view of philly is superb! 
Draft beer $7 and only 4 selections when i was there on friday~ no HH specials and the food menu can be found online.
i feel like they're still testing out this rooftop beer garden thing.. it's obviously a good idea but perhaps there are other risks to consider like.. falling beer cups from the 51st fl.. haha whoops? 
so hopefully Skygarten is to stay with a more solid drink menu and better organization~   not only will it become an ultimate tourist spot but a fantastic catch up spot for locals. cheers! 
Ps. also, ladies: best not to wear dresses or skirts to this joint ^^;;SkyGarten is great! Honestly, you cannot beat the views. I went on a Friday night and when I walked there it was so hot, but once I got up to the 51st floor, the breeze outside cooled me down. It does get a bit windy up there (obviously), but it feels great on a hot summer day. 
When I went to get a drink there was a bit of the line, and the bartenders were a little slow. After getting a drink inside, we went outside to just stand, but it was pretty crowded and we were finally able to find a spot to stand with a high rise. HINT: There are two sides to SkyGarten. The outside area where the bar is, is more crowded than the other outdoor side. So after you get your drink, I suggest going to the other side if you want more space. 
Another thing that was good was that they had both beer and wine, and they also had some snacks and non-alcoholic drinks. Because of that everyone can enjoy their time there. All in all, I really enjoyed it here and cannot wait to come back!We went on a Saturday afternoon, and had to pay a cover. I was annoyed by that at first, but, if you were going to the top of any touristy building, you generally have to buy a ticket for that. So $5 is pretty fair.
Can't beat the views, the beers, and that friendly, chatty nature of most people there. Lots of kids, families and a relaxed good time overall. Very friendly vibe.I have been dying to go here for months and I got my first chance on Halloween and I was super impressed! Not only did they have Halloween movies, which made it extra special but all of their regular inclusions : multiple bars, board games, snack bar, and amazing views, made it definitely worth while! You get great views of the city so even if you just stop by to take a few cool pics, the food and the atmosphere will make you stay! I didn't get any drinks but they had a lot of cool specials, including seasonal drinks! The DJ was also amazing on Halloween. I'm not sure if that's a regular occurrence but whoever they hired did a great job. I wish there was just room to dance. We ordered the poutine, which although not in the same style as traditional poutine, was seriously amazing! Crispy fries, delicious brisket smothered in gravy and melty cheese! Definitely a great spot all around and a definite spot for tourists and locals alike.Awesome views and simple, easy time - get beer, drink on balcony with friends. Prost!Came here with a few friends on a Friday night. As one would expect, it was very crowded. As one would also expect, it was catered to the crowd and expensive. 
The hot chocolate "bar" was a table thrown next to the "small bar" and it was a sloppy mess. They ran out of almost every fixing and we had to wait oddly in front of a table with empty containers. There was no room to move anywhere else. The staff was friendly enough, except the bartender at the "small bar", his customer service left a lot to be desired BUT his spiked hot chocolate was delicious. Take the good with the bad, I suppose.
Outside on the veranda, you get an awesome view of the city. It was breathtaking ---- and not as cold as one might imagine. My friends and I took some pictures and after about 7 minutes, we left. 
Overall, an okay experience. 2 stars for the view and 1 for the spiked hot chocolate. I felt like the prices were a bit high even for center city.Two words:
That View!!!
Okay, okay, I'll give a few more words.
It's amazing, especially during sunset and when the sun goes down. Best rooftop in the city when it comes to views. Their menu is very limited, so I didn't order anything. They have long tables and chairs inside and outside. The outdoor tables usually are occupied, but you should always be able to get seating inside (people don't go here to sit inside). The area is very tiny once you get outside and it's get tight because lots of people go up there. The staff is friendly and helpful. They keep the place clean by picking up after people in a timely manner. So far, I've gone twice and I haven't had to wait in line to get access. I imagine that'll change soon enough.
Another great quality....Free Entry!Are you under 25?  Do you enjoy screaming to be heard?  Does paying a surprise cover charge for no reason on a random Thursday night work for you?  Then by all means, this is your place. 
Welcome to whatever this is, a weird room on the top floor of 1717 Arch.  It serves decent food and drinks in an atmosphere that'll have you saying - we are not coming here ever again. 
The website makes it seem all cool with big windows and amazing views.  When we went, you had to eat inside on the long tables with benches. Not just any benches, super light benches so if you're sitting on one side and someone is on the other and they get up, the whole thing tips and you'll fall off, like the worst teeter totter ever.  Which is what everyone wants when they're eating.
  Seriously though, people were actually hurting themselves on these things. 
There are board games (jenga, Connect Four) on some of the tables, which is nice, but between the blaring music and crashing games and people screaming, it was impossible to have a conversation. And forget seeing those views unless you are right next to the window. 
The burger was fine. The pear mule was fine, although pricey for not much drink and a lot of ice.   But the two of us feel duped. We expected a grown-up place with adult hot chocolate and drinks and a nice view, not a less cool version of the student union. 
Between the $5 cover charge (not mentioned on the website at all) and $22 for a burger and a drink?  Give me a seat at Rouge or Bleu or hell, a Federal Donuts chicken sandwich and donut picnic at Rittenhouse, you'll be better off.I was finally able to make it to the skygarten!! I've been wanting to go to this place for the longest and I was super excited to go last week .I went with a good friend and the both of us had a blast.
The skygarten is located in the heart of downtown in a beautiful building, on the 51rst floor. Once we arrived on the floor we had to check in with security who made sure we didn't bring any liquids in the vicinity.
Once we were able to get in, there was music and a good group of people just socializing and having a great time. I must say the drinks were rather costly my gf and I ordered the peach spritz. My drink was just ok I couldn't taste any alcohol it just taste like a watered down lemonade. I also saw the menu for the food which was very limited, however the star of the show was the wonderful view!!!!
That view is breathtaking, simply memorable!! It was soo awesome to see the whole city of Philadelphia at a eye's view! In the back of my mind I was singing that old hip hop song "I wish I was a little bit taller" cause they have a tall border on the balcony and that extra height would've been great, however, my view still looked stunning and it reminded me of how much I love my city! I love how I was able to watch how the cars move and how busy traffic was on the Ben Franklin bridge, it just made me think of life and how awesome it is and the fact that it never stops!
Overall the skygarten was a great experience. I would come again simply to just chill, relax and check out the amazing view of the city!The view from this place gets beyond five stars. I highly recommend getting here before sunset so you can see the city view in daylight, experience a beautiful sunset reflecting off the windows of the nearby skyscrapers, and then enjoy the bustling lights of the city at night. You get a 360 view of the city also! The outside area pretty much wraps around the whole building. 
Unfortunately, there is a $5 cover per person but worth it if you're spending a few hours there like we did. There are yummy cocktails, craft beers and various wines available as well as fancy bar food. We got the poutine which was delicious!! There are these cheese balls that are included in the poutine and they were freaking fantastic. If you get tired of the view or get too cold outside, there's a large indoor area with tons of seating and super entertaining games at every table.There was a $5 cover. My friend and I came for happy-hour. The views were amazing, but the drinks were definitely overpriced. 
We each got a margarita for $10 each - so $20 for 2 small margaritas, and $10 total cover. 
We went to one section of the rooftop and it was quite crowded with no music. We went to the other side of the rooftop and it was less crowded and had some music bumping. However, we had to throw our straws away because it was a safety hazard... 
Definitely a place to go once for the views, but not a repeat place. 
Also, pro tip for girls: wear heels if your on the shorter side - the tables outsides block the view and you need to tippy toe to see anything decent, or step on the higher steps as well.Great place for views of the city since its located 51 floors up. One of my personal favs to take visitors while they are in town besides Bok bar. There are a couple bar options with reasonable price drinks. Depending on the time - you might have to pay a cover of $5 bucks. Although I have never tried the food, they seem to have tons of options as well as an area to play board games.Excellent views!! Before going, I read reviews and knew this would be a one drink kind of place for us. I was taking my husband out for his birthday and wanted this to be one of our stops. It did not disappoint. The plan was to come for sunset for a drink or 2, then eat elsewhere. We had a snack before arriving as we were eating and drinking our way around Philly this weekend and didn't want to pin down an exact dinner location. There is a bar and some food available but we had timed it perfectly and had one drink each before moving on. I read that the food wasn't great here so I kept that in mind. 
We took the fast ride up, paid our $5 cover, and watched a gorgeous sunset over Philadelphia.  We were not alone, but we weren't crowded in either. We grabbed a drink at the inside bar then got a great standing spot on the west deck to watch the sky fill with all the vibrant colors of a sunset. 
After the sun set on the west side of the building, we walked over to the east side deck just in time to watch the moon rise from behind clouds. It was a gorgeous almost full moon. It was the perfect thing to do for my husband's birthday. 
Don't pass up a visit here as the view is amazing day or night but watching the sunset will always be a favorite of mine.Rating 3.5
Pros: Beautiful Views
          No cover 
          Good Music
          Decent parking available nearby
Cons: Expensive, watered down drinks
          Nothing special on food menu
Checked out this location with a friend a  few weeks ago. We arrived later than the typical after work crowd about 8:30pm. Overall this was a unique concept and I would return. Unimpressed however with the food and drinks. 
Overall my tips are to eat and drink beforehand and consider this spot for before or after a date. It gives you the opportunity to chat and look at the city.I might be a bit biased in this review coming from the flatlands of south Florida, but SkyGarten was truly an amazing experience. 
I was on a trip with three of my closest friends and we came across this place on Yelp. It's a perfect place for tourists or anyone who wants to see a beautiful view of the city. We went around 5:30 and walked up to what looked like a tall office building under construction. We were instructed by a worker to take the elevator to the 51st floor. Once we were up there we walked down the hall and onto the rooftop to check out the view. I thought it was going to be uncomfortably crowded, but there was enough room for everyone to walk around comfortably. 
Meanwhile, we got a drink from the small bar inside. It was reasonably priced ($8 for a glass of rosé) but not a huge selection--just your basic wine, house liquors, and a few different beers. 
The real attraction is watching the sunset over the city. A glass of wine and a gorgeous sunset is honestly all you need for a good time in a beautiful city. 
Also, the music was really nice and peaceful on one side of the building, and fast-paced/ top 5 radio hits on the other. So, it's nice to be able to choose which side you're feeling that night. There is also a small cafe with food next to the bar. I didn't eat anything, but there were cute board games to play while eating. 
Overall, this place was a really fun experience.Not overly impressed. There is a cover at the door and there drinks are overpriced. The view and the service were great and you can play jenga. There are better options and Bok bar opens this Thursday.I was excited to try this place for the view and the spiced hot chocolate.  The 2 stars are for the view. The -3 stars is for the hot chocolate.  The hot chocolate tasted like the free hot chocolate from the break room at work. I paid $11 for a watery hot chocolate with a mini shot of "off brand" liquor.  He asked if I wanted whip cream- of course it wasn't home made-  he sprayed it out of a can.  Then I went over to the toppings bar where they have random "low budget" toppings.  I wanted gourmet toppings, not the same stuff you can get at a gas station.  I'm so disappointed.This place is great for the views and happy hour. You can enjoy a casual setting to drink and quick bites with friends, family, or co-workers. The sitting is limited but the standing room in the balcony makes it a nice hang out spot.Friday at 7 pm place is a weird vibe of ransoms, but a steady stream of people. FOOD IS GREAT. Just amazing. We ordered food and then ordered more. Was so impressed I had to get a picture. Maybe the place gets busy at night. Not sure. The $10 cover is stupid but we paid it. The views are great. Prices are normal for philly. Recommend you go for a nice bit to eat (not a full retrace time FYI) kinda like a pub with small plates. Great place though.Definitely just need one drink for the view and to say you went. It was crowded and hot inside the building. Drinks were pricey since it was after SIPs on Wednesday. But the view was amazing. It was a cool experience. Definitely worth checking out once.I was really disappointed with the "greeters" of this place. My friend and I were super excited to check out skygarten and try their spiked hot chocolate. But we didn't even make it past the bouncers. All because my friend had a water bottle that wasn't allowed inside because he "didn't know if she had vodka in it!" Seriously??! I'm coming to a bar - where vodka, amongst other alcohols, is served in a closed and monitored place - why would I bring my own?? And, it wasn't a disposable bottle. It was an expensive one cause she green and all and carries it with her. So we couldn't just leave it or throw it away. We asked if we could ask the bartender to get rid of the water so she wouldn't loose the bottle, and we were told no. We could leave it in the corner "over there" 
So needless to say - after that warm welcome - we didn't go inside.Wholly wow this is an amazing birds eye view of the city!  It's truly stunning to see the city spread out before you. 
Surprisingly not as windy as I'd imagined. But maybe it was a still day?
Two bars - well really one proper bar and the other was more of a portable bar. Nice beer selection.  I didn't really pay attention to wine and cocktail selections. 
Snack style food could be ordered at another stand. There is no waiter service here. Tables are all rather large and communal. Make sure to snag one outside ASAP because they go fast!  
A great place to grab a snack and a drink and gawk at this lovely city we live in.Came one evening with a friend and we really enjoyed the view! It was winter season, so was crowded with a ton of people outside with spiked hot cocoa. The spiked hot cocoa was nothing special (that's where the 1 star deduction goes to), but the view was incredible! Plus they had heaters facing outdoors since it was so cold & someone to manage how many people were going outside so that it wasn't getting too crowded. Would definitely return :)We went here because another review from a fellow ny-er said she and her hub love rooftop bars. Yup the view is truly amazing up there. Even the air is different on a hot august night. Its calm and peaceful with an air of anticipation. Yeah i said that. Downside- $5 cover and drinks are ok. $30 bought us entry and two basic but decent cocktails. Damn that view though....This is an amazing elevated beer garden is one of my favorite summer spots. It has amazing views of all sides of the city from nearly 360 degrees. I've also found the cocktails solid and the drink list acceptable. The food on the other hand is rather lacking. There really isn't an stand out and no vegetarian food with any substance. You also have to wait a longer time than you'd expect for it inside when you wished you were outside enjoying the views. My suggestion is to come thirty for the view but don't come hungry for food.Great view of the city. Sometimes it does get really pack and you have to wait to get to the deck, but it's worth the wait. You're better off coming on days where sips is available since the deals are better than regular priced days. I liked how they added the board games and redid the main room from what used to be top of the tower.Taking this down to three stars. Last night was about the 6th time I've visited. Progressively down hill since the first time I reviewed this place. The stunning city view keeps it at three stars but there is no longer much else to rave about. 
Last night was the first time I was charged a $5 cover. Hmm. Ok. I get that. However imagine my disappointment when I had barely put my wallet away and discovered the entire west deck was closed. What??!! Perhaps they should mention that before you enter. 
Everyone was jammed into the east deck. The staff were clearly not happy to be there and numerous times did laps around the deck announcing the closing time. 
The beer selection is good but with limited space outside and grumpy staff this is no longer my go to spot to bring out of town friends.The main reason to go here is the stunning view! It's one of the best (if not the best) you can get. Their drinks are pretty limited but they do have a decent selection of rotating crafts in the summer.  I recommend going sometime during that fall/winter for the spiked hot drinks-delish!