Wasn't crazy about trying this place at first, but once I tried it, I was sold! Food is delicious and fresh. Friendly staff--which is equally important to me as much as the food. If you watch your calorie intake closely, but also love tasty meals, this is the best place for you. Meals prepared and ready to eat now or later. You can stock up meals for the entire week here. I'm also the type that's against eating food out of the microwave (giving my food that microwave taste), but I've tried a handful of meals here already and none of them tasted like I just ate a microwave dinner. Again, delicious and fresh food. Love love love.Addicting! I love popping in this place when I need a healthy snack, meal, or drink. I just wish it was a little cheaper...but their price point is what I expect for healthy options. Staff is always friendly and it is always neat and tidy.I love this place! I'm a busy traveler gone most of the week and when I get home I don't want to cook. Early morning hours are especially nice - I zip in/out grabbing enough food to last me for part of each week. The food is delicious, there's great variety and dishes are well seasoned. 
Last year juggling a similar schedule and as a single I found myself wasting food...a lot. And I've finally admitted that I'm not that great of a cook; I actually prefer not to eat my own cooking.
The staff is knowledgeable and helpful, very nice. I am usually able to keep my dog in the car with it running but not today he had to come with me in the store. Vinnie was kind enough to hold him on the leash outside. This place and these people totally work for my current lifestyle.I went to snap kitchen today for the first time and the people there were so helpful. When I walked in someone came right up to me and as soon as I told him it was my first time there he started explaining everything to me and helped me pick the perfect lunch for my long work day. The food was worth every penny! Thanks so much!Today was my first experience for with Snap. I was walking around Old City on my lunch break and wanted to find something fast, reasonably priced, and healthy. I found it. The employee who assisted me was very helpful and recommended the chicken Chile enechalidas. What a good call! I'm doing an internship in old city until the end of the month and I'll certainly visit snap again several times before I'm done.I don't know where to start.....the set up, the array of foods, the friendliness of staff, the amazingggggggggggg brownies (what is in those brownies?!?).  My go-to spot when in old city!I don't think this place is for me.  I was excited to try the deviled eggs and beef coconut curry and didn't like them at all, they tasted funny to me.  They were a bit dry too.  For the amount of money I spent, I expected it to be delicious, but it just wasn't.  I really wanted to like this place too!  :(All of the Philadelphia locations of Snap Kitchen are terrific.  Without even trying, I've lost 20 pounds eating my weeknight dinners from Snap.  The meals are very healthy and fresh, and allow me to eat many more portions of vegetables than I would otherwise eat.  Snap also incorporates ingredients into its meals that I enjoy but would never otherwise prepare myself.  Unlike many brands/restaurants focused on healthy eating, I would just as soon eat Snap Kitchen as any of my usual unhealthy haunts.  
Current highlights at Snap Kitchen include the Buffalo Style Chicken Bowl, the Chicken Fried Broccoli Rice, the Grass Fed Beef Lasagna (as good as Carlino's), the Oven Baked Chicken Tenders with Turnip Mash, the Pasta Primavera, and the Turkey Chili.  All are satisfying, filling, and healthy.  I find it especially convenient that you can order your meals online for pickup or delivery.  I regularly place orders in the morning for more popular items and pick up my refrigerated bag late at night.  
Snap Kitchen is a game-changer.  For someone like myself, who often works around the clock, it can be difficult to eat healthy.  Snap Kitchen makes healthy eating easy, effortless, and as flavorful as going out to some of Philly's best restaurants.I love coming to Snap Kitchen because their meals are always delicious and healthy. I also am a fan of their different sized portions for each meal option. When you are on the go and want a quick place to grab a hot meal, Snap Kitchen is ideal because you can heat up your food in 90 seconds in one of the store's microwaves. My favorite dish right now is the Bison Quinoa Hash!This has been my first stop for breakfast and lunch on the way to work, every day. There is a good selection and I am able to get smaller or larger portions depending on what I need for each specific meal. They have snacks like brownies and mixed nut/seed pouches that I find are filling and delicious. The staff is amazingly helpful and friendly. A departure from most of the convenience store clerks I have been dealing with for all of these years.I thought I'd like it better when I first saw it open. The concept is really neat, but my taste buds are very picky. 
The great thing about this place is wide array of meat, fish, vegetarian and gluten free choices. They all come in reason portions, ranging from savory to sweet dishes. The boxes are clearly labeled and sorted on shells making it easy to pick the right meals. 
I am picky though when it comes to overly saucy dishes or those with lots garlic or other  spices. And that for me is not a place I'd call a jackpot in terms of taste. But I must say it does it's job: it provides meals to go at a good price and fine taste.Food is great. The cauliflower grits and devilish eggs were great. Fast fresh and heathy, i have a busy week he'd be didn't have time to prep my meals. This was a great alternative. I will be going back and I downloaded the apMy first experience with Snap Kitchen was amazing.  I needed a new lunch delivery option and they popped up on Seamless.  I simply could not make up my mind from all the delicious choices so decided to get a bunch of things, and have prepped meals ready for me and my husband for the next few days.  Everything we ate was absolutely delicious -- and it was so much better (in flavor and nutritional content) than any other takeout/delivery food options.  We did not find it terribly pricey as compared to other options.  My fave was the chicken enchiladas -- for the husband, I think it was a toss up between the chimichurri beef and the brisket hash.  We are enthusiastic Snap Kitchen fans and this will be high up on our takeout/delivery list for sure!Concept is fine and there are a lot of choices for a "grab and grab" type option. In a pinch for something to eat without a lot of time, I guess this would do, but I wasn't all that impressed with the offering vs. the price. When I got to the register and saw the $9 price tag for my salad, I was a little shocked since it wasn't all that impressive. When I got back to the office and opened it, I was even more disappointed. A mix of 2 greens, 4 beets, a small container with 5 candied walnuts, about 6 small slices of chicken, a small bit of goat cheese and some dressing. It was comparable to a salad from McDonalds. For the same price I can go down 3rd street to Café Square One and get a banging salad with a LOT more in it. Don't think I will be needing the frequent buyer card since I won't be using it again... Not in a town with so many other choices.I like it. Excellent healthy meals at a reasonable price. It's nice to know that you have healthy prepped diner or lunch at your fingertips.I'm really shocked after ordering. I was a little apprehensive on what the food would taste like but I didn't waste my money at all. I ordered the spaghetti turkey bolognese. I'm not sure what kind of wizard created this but they managed to get me to eat mushrooms and like it. The applesauce tastes good. It's just my opinion they need to tone down the cinnamon a little bit. It's a little too strong. Other than that I'm happy. It was filling.Delicious healthy food on the go. You know exactly what your getting in your food which is hard to come by.lots of fresh options.  i bought a few meals that I was able to easily carry in my lunch bag and was pleased with everything i got.  the employees were very helpful and were able to answer all of my questions.  I will def try to get to philly more often so I can eat here again.I have walked by this store many times while they were building it. While walking my dogs tonight I decided to stick my head in the door to ask for a menu for me to take home and review.  The staff were so friendly and they even volunteered to watch my dogs outside while I browsed the store. 
I personally do not cook, so this store is perfect for me. The food was displayed in a very organized and user friendly fashion.  I have only tried the Chicken Butternut Squash Macaroni and it was good. I look forward to trying more items in the near future.Great concept, poor execution.  The prices were too high for the portion size, and the quality of the food we tried was poor.  You can buy a platter of hot grilled chicken over rice at any halal lunch truck in the city for $5 so why pay $7 for three small dry flavorless chicken skewers?  The snacks were interesting and healthy-ish, though.I'm starting this ketogenic eating plan, so when I found this place on Yelp. I had to check it out! Stopped by here to grab a few meals to bring on my trip, and discovered their cauliflower items. I probably could make some of them on my own, but it's a bit of a challenge when I'm flying all over the place. A bit overpriced, but that is the price you pay for convenience.I have been ordering snap kitchen delivery from caviar the past month and absolutely love the food and knowing what's in it. I had the chance to go in their storefront on market the other day and was very happy with the customer service. They really make it a point to try to get to know you and make the right recommendations. Definitely been telling my friends to check it out.I ordered online and walked over to pick it up. Online a lot of items were sold out for the day, but available in the shop, keep that in mind. 
I'm enjoying the chicken gf parmesan. Super tasty, I used the microwave to heat and eat here. Can't wait to enjoy the rest of my order later todayWhat a great place to get your lunch or jump start your fitness goals (aka. mealplan)! As a busy professional student and as someone attempting to get into shape to attend upcoming weddings in the summer (obviously that's the only reason), I came across Snap Kitchen after months of starting and re-starting meal preps by myself. The amount of food and money that goes into waste was insane, the problem with maintaining fresh food (I hate defrosted meals), variety (I love buffets, what can I say), and not to mention the lovely dishes to do afterwards! 
Don't forget you can get $10 off first order by checking out their app.
(Code: JLRR-NZZ)
They have a variety of options for people looking for different macros (Whole 30, Paleo, low carb, balance, camp gladiator-high protein, etc). The meal plan has a 3, 5, or 7 day option with various caloric meals. Depending on the options you choose, you can also save some money with the meal plan ($/day is lower than if individually purchased). My favorite meals so far are the shrimp cauliflower grits, naked beef, and their crispy salmon.
Pro tip: One thing to watch out for is the juices sometimes get sold out on the weekends, so plan ahead!Healthy meal prep meals, delivered for free, always reliable and on time, and a great app to do it all. Such a fan.Chicken Teriyaki was very yummy!! I love the concept of this place. The girls in there were very helpful.Purchased the Matcha mint iced tea. Customer service was awesome,but it could have been because I was the only one in the store. I really didn't care for the flavor,but know it's healthier than green tea by 10 times.Snap kitchen is seriously overpriced. Im single saving for a home and this place will definetly set me back. My finacial advisor suggested I cut back on food expenses, so snap had to go. They have a great mix of food options but there not that amazing for the price.If you just want to try it out, you can get $10 off your first order through the Snap Kitchen app with the promo code KREI-W73. It was enough to get a meal and a lovely La Croix! Definitely worth checking out! The staff is informative and friendly and everything I've tried so far has been fresh and delicious. Seems overwhelming to select at first, but everything is neatly categorized and sorted by size.I am disappointed in this business. I was excited for something like this to come into the neighborhood, something fresh, nutritious, not something like the typical tourist-marketed junk. As a vegetarian, I was even more excited after learning more about it. Unfortunately, their vegetarian/vegan choices are slim to none. Their portions are small & it is expensive. I was hopeful for fresh, nutritious, well-priced, organic foods. That is not what this is. If I wanted to spend $11 on my lunch only to have to microwave it, I would stay home & re-heat something from Amy's. I won't be supporting this business.I live around the block from Snap Kitchen and have been dying for somewhere I can quickly pop in and out of for healthy food on the go. My parents mentioned it was on the news and was opening soon, so I decided to check it out this weekend (and this morning). 
Needless to say, I love it there. The staff is super friendly and explained everything to me as soon as I walked in the door. The options and labeling of everything make it super easy to chose what you want in record time. Varying from seafood to poultry to red meat to vegan dishes, there really is something for everyone. Prices were what I would expect for the freshness and quality.
Personally, I have had the Shrimp Greek Salad and the Veggie Lasagna. Both were delicious. As someone who cooks for only myself, I struggle to estimate how much food to prepare almost every meal in efforts to not waste any. I really appreciate the sizing of Snap Kitchen's meals.
Overall -- love it so far. I joined the rewards program because I KNOW I will be a frequent customer. Definitely try it out! :)Food didn't taste very good for being so expensive.  The protein was consistently dry.  Delivery service was atrocious.  First two deliveries were a few hours late.  Third delivery never showed.  I wasn't notified until that evening.  When I called to report the inconvenience, there was no offer to compensate me for the mishap so I cancelled.I am a big fan! The food is fresh, delicious, and health conscious.The staff is super friendly. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because all of times they are out of items I would love to try. I guess they are just that good!I wish we had Snap Kitchen in my state, I love this place! Great selection, tons of fresh and healthy options--food you can feel great about eating. Prices are really affordable, especially when comparing to other places in Philly.As part of my healthy cooking and dining quest, I was finally able to check this place out. It's nice to have a health conscious place at a comfy price near by with nice portions and variety! 
I had the turkey meatloaf with sweet potato mash, green beans and tomato chutney. It was good, the chutney kicked the flavor up a notch, otherwise I found the meatloaf good but a bit bland. 
And while I am all about healthy eating... I wish I had some butter for my green beans. 
Will go back...I saw brownies.Great meals for on the go! I just moved around the corner from this place and it's been the perfect go-to for nights that I'm too lazy to cook when I get home from work, but still want something healthy and fresh. I've tried a few of the different dinner meals and all have been really flavorful- the veggie lasagna, the shrimp paella, and teriyaki chicken are some of my favorites. It's a little pricey, but what do you expect for freshly prepared meals already made for you that all you have to do is pop in the microwave?! My only con is that if you go too late they run out of a lot of the meals (well the good ones at least!).I appreciate having a quick, healthy go to when I don't have lunch to bring from home. All if the options I've tried have tasted great too. My issue is with the prices. I had a medium salmon Niçoise salad and a green juice. Cost? $21.00! That's an expensive lunch and I just can't justify the cost unless I'm desperate.Pros: 
- Great, simple store layout
- Different sized portions for ready made meals
- Organic, healthy, grass fed, etc.
- Fair pricing
- Delicious (only had the turkey chili so far but I was definitely sold)
- Microwaves to heat up your food along with condiments
(Possible) Cons:
- Didn't experience this yet, but there are only 2 microwaves that I've seen and I wonder if the place gets crowded that there is a line backup? Some entrees are around 1min or so.
- Not that many seating options. Granted that it's kind of like a limited DiBruno's so seating isn't high priority. More like a grab & go (or grab, heat & go).
I'm looking forward to when the Walnut St. location opens. I love the quick, healthy options.Healthy options with a clean aesthetic and perfect portion sizes. If you can handle the embarrassment of microwaving your food then it's good for a lunch date otherwise save it for when you're skimping on calories or tip money. I had the grilled tofu side which was scrumptious but comically small for four three bucks. The environment was chill at least and so were the employees.What a great concept. Perfect to-go food organized by protein and easy to find dietary compatibility info. I got the black bean sliders and they were wholesome and tasty. The chopped sesame salad was very large and definitely would be enough as a meal on its own. Each was $6.99 which I consider fair.  The store was very clean and service was friendly.I visited Snap Kitchen during their soft opening and was very impressed.  Not only with the store itself but the attentiveness and kindness of all the employees who were working at the time.  I decided to come back on Monday to pick out a few things to try.  The food....is....delicious!  I wasn't sure what to expect but was pleasantly surprised.  I picked up the burgundy beef, crispy chicken and ginger glazed chicken.  The beef was super tender and in a great red wine sauce.  The veggies were just as delicious and cooked perfectly.  The ginger chicken was equally as good.  Covered in a ginger glaze that had good bite and flavor.  String beans were perfectly prepared. Crunchy yet tender.  And the mashed kabocha squash was out of this world.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a quick healthy/balanced meal.  I also heard you can get delivery through Grubhub!  I will be back!!I loved everything about Snap Kitchen from the moment I walked in.
The staff (the manager Vinnie in particular!!) were amazing. Quick to explain the items available- and killing it on the knowledge front. They had answers to every question.
The food is outstanding. I had the chicken sausage egg stack with sweet potatoes. Incredible. And the snacks I purchased were phenomenal too. I had the chipotle kale crackers and the caveman granola. So tasty and perfect sizes!!
Price wise it's definitely fair. You get what you pay for. High quality and clean foods at a fair price on the go. So many tag lines so little time.
I will be back! Often! Can't wait to try their other offerings.
My eye is on the Kabocha squash and salmon entree!As I sit here and eat my Sweet Chili Salmon I was reminded to write an updated review -- this is my favorite item by far. I throw it over a bed of spinach and its the perfect lunchtime salad :) Only thing I would change is the prices of Snap Kitchen.... if it was a little cheaper I would come more often!Stopped here to get a quick breakfast and found so many amazing options! I love the concept of healthy foods being readily available and convenient. If I lived around here, I would most definitely be a regular customer! Everything in the store is gluten free and they many other options for vegan, vegetarian, paleo, whole 30 and more. The food was delicious and very easy to prepare with the simple direction listed on the label. This place is amazing - highly recommend!After googling where to eat in Philly when you're doing Whole30, I came across this gem. Snap Kitchen is full of already prepared meals that you just need to heat that are Whole 30, paleo, gluten-free, etc. I immediately headed over for dinner and had the chicken pad thai with spiralized sweet potatoes. While it didn't taste like regular pad Thai, it was quite good and, more importantly, healthy. 
-If you go online you can order for pick-up and search by filters like dairy-free, egg-free, Paleo, etc to see what they have that complies with your diet. 
-It's not a restaurant but there is some seating inside if you want to eat there. 
-Pricing is comparable to services like Blue Apron or other take-out places.I found out about Snap Kitchen from a former coworker, when I saw her in the kitchen eating Greek salad with shrimp. I saw that each non-vegetable or wet ingredient had been placed in tiny cups to allow them to be added to the salad as needed, and immediately decided that I needed to try this place for myself.
Walking into Snap Kitchen feels like walking into a private supermarket--each dish is organized by type and size, so it's easy to grab what you want. All sorts of breakfast and heavier meal options are available, and each package shows the recommended cook time, as well as all ingredients placed in the dish.
I like that Snap Kitchen emphasizes sustainability. There are a couple of microwaves and tons of recyclable utensils in the store, should you like to linger, but there are only a few chairs to sit in. This is very much a take-out establishment. Also beware of what you are spending, as the prices creep up on you (especially for the heavy protein-filled "large" sizes).Randomly stumbled on this walking around looking for lunch. Couldn't be happier that I found it. The meals are great and perfectly portioned.If you want 6 meals for $15 use my discount code: AWHI-JR9. Or you can use it to get $15 off of one meal. Please note the code doesn't work in store. You can order on the app then get it from the store to take advantage of the savings. Or you can use their free delivery system. 
Now about the shrimp & cauliflower grits. They are yummy I get them every week. The cauliflower is so good and so sweet that you almost forget your eating cauliflower.  I'm not a huge kale fan but I like how they braze it so it's bearable!Disappointed. I picked up several meals and couldn't finish any of them though the portions are TINY for the big price. I checked the dates on everything and followed the heating directions. Yuck. The customer service is very attentive and informed about the menu (vegetarian vs gluten free etc) and other ppl seem to love this place. Did I go on an off day? IDK, but I can't spend that kind of money to try it again though I got a coupon to come back.I love the food!  It's great to pick up and take to work!  The staff is very friendly and helpful!  I've even tried items that I wouldn't normally go for...was not disappointed.  My favorites are the turkey meatloaf and the tikka masala!This Snap Kitchen is a larger storefront than the one I normally frequent, and it clearly makes a difference in the breadth of selection they have here! It was fun to try out some new dishes- for those new to Snap Kitchen, yes, it's a bit pricey, but it always feels better eating one of their meals than typical takeout.Very healthy food but for a hefty price. Came here for a quick to go lunch and spent $16+ on a very small Mexican chicken dish and a probiotic drink. Neither of which filled me up at all and I ended up having to go somewhere else to grab another snack. They do have many options and most are paleo, gluten free, and dairy free with some whole 30 dishes. I just wish you got more bang for your buckGreat healthy food that gets old quick with premium price. I loved it for 1-2 weeks, then I couldn't bare eating more of it. They do have great customer service and staff to help you.I go to SNAP almost five days a week at this location and the staff is really great. Always helpful. I actually look forward to seeing them in the morning at this point. The proteins are great. In fact I haven't had a bad meal there yet. I can't heat up food at work and they always let me come back midday to heat up my SNAP food. Great place for healthy food, especially if you are counting carbs, because it is right on the package.2 Stars reflect according to Yelp. Meh. I've experienced better. And this could not be more accurate for Snap Kitchen. 
I really can get behind the concept, even the prices I am comfortable with, understanding that a premium must be paid for quality ingredients and nutrition. 
But the fact of the matter is. The food is just not that good. Now mind you this company is from Austin. I think it reflects in just the flavor profile of the foods. 
Yes in 2018, I can still have a healthy Tomato Basil Soup, pay a premium and shock yes it can still taste good. 
I think this was the worst soup I have ever had in my life. ZERO flavor. To mess up a soup, is pretty bad. This is not my first time eating Snap Kitchen. To be honest the lack of flavor profile and the pricing have never really warranted a strong business model here in Philadelphia. 
Snap Kitchen you have already closed a few Philadelphia locations. And to be frank, I do not think your lack of flavor is really going to survive here in Philadelphia.Love what they're trying to do here - create nutritious food that meets all the latest diet restrictions - no gluten, no grains, no dairy, no sugar and to clearly mark macros and calories on each freshly made option.  Came for take out lunch while working downtown Philly and the staff were super helpful and enthusiastic. Both the salad and the entree I tried were great and kept my energy high all afternoon. Oh the maple almonds at checkout have a little smoked bacon flavor going on and are consequently delicious.Great food, always delivered within a day of shipping and honestly all of the meals are delicious. The only downside is that the meals are always pretty much the same and I got sick of them after a month or so.I am so happy I found this place! The food is delicious! I love that the calories are labeled for you and you know exactly what is in the food. It is perfect for people like me who don't have time to cook or maybe just don't want to cook meals for one person. I spent $40 and bought 5 meals for this week. I can do this and make smoothies in the morning, along with fruit for snacks. No more wasting produce and throwing out food that goes bad before I get to cook it. Yay!When you are surrounded by a sea of cheesesteak places and high end restaurants, or places with rich, decadent meals, Snap Kitchen comes as a breath of fresh air.
I took a while to get there after it opened, but now I'm a regular.
The concept is freshly (and locally) sourced, cooked, packed meals that are transported from their kitchen in Kensington to Old City within 30 minutes. Everything is refrigerated, save a few snacks on shelves. 
Some meals are meant to be eaten chilled, and others can be warmed in a microwave, oven or toaster oven. Big thanks to Snap Kitchen for putting optimized, detailed warming instructions on every package.
And speaking of packaging, it's recyclable, eco friendly AND can be heated so you don't have to transfer food to a plate or bowl if you don't have one. And you can heat and eat there, if you're on the go.
Selection is far reaching and pretty great - they have high protein, low carb, vegan, gluten free, vegetarian, paleo friendly - the list goes on. I've gotten pasta, beef, salads, chicken, salmon, snacks. Most things have been spot on, tasty, filling, remarkably fresh. 
Staff is kind and polite. Store is super clean and modern.
This is really one of my top lunch spots in Old City, and I will keep coming back!About a decade ago when I was walking through New York City, I stumbled upon this small shop on 8th street/St. Marks place, which was essentially a sort of "vending machine restaurant." Different machines were loaded with different types of instant foods/frozen foods/prepackaged foods, and you'd put money in a machine, get whatever you chose, and be on your way. And the location had things like hot water and microwaves if you wanted to boil or heat up your food on location. I knew some day it would be the future!
Well, it seems like Snap Kitchen has worked out the kinks of this type of dining model, and have come out with the ultimate pre-made health food dining shop!
Basically, you walk in and it looks like a convenience store. Rows of cold food shelves are stocked with all kinds of organic/vegan/gluten free/free range meat/etc options. These are all fully prepared meals that only need to be heated up. You want spaghetti? Or Chicken tikka? Or a wrap? How about salads and desserts? Pretty much whatever you can think of is here, all already pre-made for you to pick up and be on your way. You can get different portions of most things based on small, medium, and large sizes, for personal or sharing options.
And to be honest, for pre-made food, my food was great.
Now my first gripe about this place is the price. Things seem to be quite overpriced, but I guess that should be expected for such holistic dining places.
The second issue is in regards to seating. There's one small table, but there's absolutely no other seating. I get that the concept is to grab-and-go with your food, but it would be nice to add just a couple more tables so people could at least possibly have the option to sit down.
But those really aren't big issues given what the place is going for, so it gets a solid 4/5.My first experience with Snap Kitchen yesterday was truly as good as it gets, as the five stars indicate. I was immediately welcomed by Kerry, who explained how all of the products are arranged, how they are labeled, etc. I'm currently embarking on a meatless month, and was happy to see a nice array of choices containing seafood, plus vegetarian and vegan options.
I picked out a few meals for the week, and by the time I got to the counter to pay, Kerry met me there with a couple of his favorite meals, which he kindly included in my order on the house. 
I have to admit, I was dubious about the ginger glazed salmon, but heated in the oven it made for a fantastic, healthy dinner. I also really enjoyed the Greek salad with shrimp. The grilled kale hoppin' john was a solid and hearty mini-meal, and vegan too. 
Overall, I'm so on board with healthy, flavorful meals that I don't even have to think about, since the ingredients and nutritional info are provided. Prices are a little spendy, but no more so than a takeout meal from anywhere else, plus you don't have to guesstimate what you're eating. If Snap were to open a location in the southwest side of the city, I'd be pretty pumped.I rounded up to four stars because the workers I've encountered have been super helpful and nice and because the food really is fresh and healthy.  But the number of vegetarian entree options (not soups or salads) is pretty limited. I wish the company would create some more main veggie/tofu offerings.The first time I came here I got the Paleo Enchiladas and they were reasonably priced and awesome. I went back today to grab some lunch and decided to get the Chili and Eggs. They were absolutely gross and had a weird after taste. Skeptical about going back considering the food seems to be hit or miss.Snap Kitchen is fairly expensive for the amount of food you're getting, but I like how all their products really cater to my taste (healthy and delicious). I'm glad that they post all their nutritional information, and that they also offer a lot of snacks and sweets for when you're craving something but still want to follow a healthy-ish diet. I have yet to try out the rest of their foods, but I can tell y'all that their cookies are actually pretty good! They're sweet (but not too sweet) and chewy, which is just the way I like my cookies! 
Will definitely update his review once I come back to try their entrees, etc.Overpriced mediocre airplane food.
Next time I'm going to take the $10 I would have spent on a tiny piece of lasagna to Trader Joe's, get one or two of their frozen lasagna and eat a quarter of it. The portion and taste would be about the same, but now I'll have 4 meals instead of one!An associate from the kitchen stopped by my job with a bag full of sample meals. I never heard of this place until now. The food was delicious, healthy and free. They deserve 5 starsThis place is great for a quick stop before work to pick up a healthy meal. The staff is always helpful and courteous. The chicken tiki masala is one of my my favorites, however some of the meals can be a bit bland. I absolutely love that the barcode can be uploaded directly to the mealpal app which is very convenient.I tried this place for the first time because I had a promo code. I got the dan dan noodles and the green goddess salad. The food tasted rather good. I actually ate the dan dan noodles cold and they were really tasty. The salad was also good, but I ended up using my own dressing because the provided herb dressing wasn't very appealing to me. Overall I enjoyed the taste of the food, but I don't know that I would go back without a promo code as the prices are a bit high for what you get.Obsessed. If prices were lower, I'd probably buy lunches to take to work every single day. I understand why prices aren't lower though- you definitely get what you pay for in terms of quality and transparency about ingredients.
The store is set up in a very user-friendly way, with foods color coded by protein type and organized by meal (breakfast/lunch/dinner/snacks), carb vs protein heavyness, and size (small, medium, large). They also have a section dedicated to prepared snacks like KIND bars, a salad section, and fresh made juices. I feel healthier just standing in here.
So far, I've tried:
-egg cups with cheddar/turkey sausage and sweet potatoes
-chicken caesar salad
-chicken caesar salad wrap
-veggie fettucinne 
-chicken bites with homemade mustard
-one of the green juices (can't remember which one)
I loved all of it and definitely felt zero guilt after eating any of it. Can't wait to go back to try the stroganoff.. and the kale snack... and the deviled eggs... and literally everything else.
Customer service here is also exceptional. Major SNAPS for snap kitchen (see what I did there?)I have been waiting for Snap Kitchen to open ever since I read they were coming to Philly. It did not disappoint. It's healthy "fast food" that tastes great. I love all of the options and that they include the nutrition information, expiration date and how long to heat up. 
Even better, the staff was so nice and helpful. A Manager from Austin was there (Keri?) and gave us a bunch of stuff to bring back to the office for our co-workers to try. Smart strategy as it spread the word among my department. 
Love this place. Philly has been in need of places like this. I will be here all of the time.Came across Snap Kitchen while out and about in the city the other day and I will definitely be returning on a regular basis. The staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the products. As someone with celiac's it was amazing to me that every single item sold was gluten-free. The food is delicious, convenient and healthy as well. I love how organized the store is; all of the products are color coded based on main ingredients (red meat, poultry, seafood, vegetarian/vegan). The prices are great especially when you look at the quality of the ingredients used. If you have any dietary needs and find it a hassle to meal prep for yourself then Snap Kitchen is a FANTASTIC option.Snap Kitchen blends convenience and healthy eating in one. I must admit I was skeptical at how good any meal could be that you have to microwave or reheat yourself. Having said that I decided to give Snap Kitchen a try. I must say I was pleasantly surprised. Snap Kitchen is similar to the other convenient healthy eating options such as Protein bar, Whole Foods, etc. There are many different options available, fitting any dietary restriction. While the prices can get up there if you order a few items, when compared to the other similar options in the area, the prices are relatively similar. Many of their entrees have small, medium, or large options. I was really hungry one day and had a medium, and it was more than filling.
I give it five stars for what it is in comparison to similar concepts (not comparing it to restaurant quality food).The staff was super friendly in helping me pick out what I wanted for dinner. I enjoyed the turkey chili as well as the Devily Eggs. I can't wait to go back and get more!I LOVE SNAP KITCHEN!! I'm a healthy "foodie" and this place is a perfect fit! Delicious food, convenient, healthy, reasonably priced. What more can one ask for. I track calories/macros, and they make it so easy.I ended up at Snap Kitchen because I am on a pre-bikini diet and desperately needed to eat something, really anything, other than salad. Unfortunately, Snap Kitchen was not a good solution.
Deviled Eggs
The deviled eggs were terrible. The ratio of tahini, yolk, and seasonings was all kinds of wrong. It was like eating sour hummus on top of egg whites. Yuck. 
Kale Hoppin John
This is a bowl of rice, hummus, kale, sweet potatoes, and seeds. It needed texture and flavor.
Vegetable Lasagna
The vegetable lasagna was actually good. Lots of flavor and good texture from the variety of vegetables used. 
And the prices? Well, if you are someone who needs a lot of calories to get full, your wallet will be unhappy. Don't do this to yourself unless you are on a sad diet. Please. I'm still hangry.I love Snap Kitchen.  The ingredients are so fresh, and I know exactly what I'm getting.  I love that so many items are gluten free.  The portion sizes are perfect and it's easy keeping track of calories.The food was great - I had the BBQ chicken plate. The BBQ was free of sugar, which took me by surprise, but it still tasted good. I would not go running back because of the price, but I thought their staff was friendly and it was a nice, clean environment.Love. Love love love. Healthy, (some) Whole 30 compliant meals that taste great at a relative price. The small always fills me up. It's quick and easy and much better than fast food. Plus you can order ahead of time on a mobile app. The staff is always friendly. I am obsessed with snap kitchen!This place carries great products and their food is good and healthy. I love the different hashes and drinks. Helps me when I don't meal prep and they do promotions and a point system which I love.This place is great for the person that doesn't cook but wants to have a tasty meal.   
It has plenty of foot traffic.  The store is clean and organized.   Many meal choices.
I love to cook and often take leftovers to work.
For me it's hard to shell out $$ and then have to reheat the food.   
It's just not the place for "me" but it's definitely a cool concept.Snap kitchen is one of my favorites for easy, healthy, on the go food in Philadelphia. They have an entire wall go refrigerated foods. The foods include options for all- veggie, vegan, gluten free, nut and all other food allergy concerns. There is also another wall of refrigerated juices, waters and sweet treats. They also have a microwave on site if you want to heat up a meal you buy. 
I never worry about anything I buy here. I know all are made with great ingredients that will not bother my sensitive stomach. 
The staff is also super friendly and informed. They can answer any question you may have about their food and the companies of whose products they sell. 
The only downfall to this shop is the lack of seating. They have one small table in the front with maybe two chairs. I know Snap Kitchen is geared toward "on the go" but there have been a few times where I really would have liked to sit with my food there.I have to say I just love this place - it could not be more convenient (there are multiple locations around the city, this one is 3 blocks from work and I am also lucky enough to live one block from another location). They really found a way to make fast food healthy AND tasty which almost never happens. I have ran by here to grab anything from a healthy breakfast to take w me to a brunch when trying to watch my weight and not eat bagels, to a quick lunch on a work day that is less than 400 calories, actually filling and tastes great, to dinner on a day when all the energy I have in me is to microwave something for a minute and a half. 
There are tons of options, Mediterranean mezze bowl and the tex mex chicken are two of my favorites, and the tex mex chicken is not something I would ever have picked on my own - thanks to the employee there that suggested it to me! Both are gluten and dairy free and the mezze bowl is also vegetarian. Also, both are under $10 which is more than fair and leave me feeling full after. 
I also appreciate that they don't upcharge on their beverages...for example a can of la croix here is $0.50 vs $1.20 at Acme or Whole Foods.
Super convenient, yummy, and healthy - can't beat it.This place continues to impress. They continue to introduce new dishes covering a variety of flavors and dietary restrictions. The turkey chili is a favorite of mine, the Tex mex chicken bowl is definitely not traditional flavors but tasty & healthy, and the vegan dan dan noodles that I tried today are flavorful and have nice heat. I usually prefer hot meals to sandwiches & salads, so this is a great fast option with a calmer and friendlier feel than most fast casual spots. I'll be back!INSANE amount of sugar in their juices. Really, they consider this healthy? Their juices should be illegal 44g in one drink? Crazy.How can I explain?  The kindness of the staff this morning in showing me around and pointing me directly to exactly what I wanted and need to buy so I could have the best at work lunch I could ever wish for, that is game changing.  I may not be able to come a lot, but if I'm in a total jam, I know I can count on Snap Kitchen.  Thank you from a very stressed out and caring person. :)  Ps. Yes the naked beef was just what I needed.Wow this place is not kind on the wallet. I stopped by here after work looking for a snack but left with just an iced tea. I will say though, the staff is really friendly and I love the concept and look of this place. Just wish I could justify spending so much on a refrigerated entree.I love when I can eat healthy without meal prepping, without spending an obscene amount of money, and without having to deal with fruit and veggies that go bad way too quickly. So, Snap Kitchen gets me.
Place an order online, pick it up, and get on with your day. Snap Kitchen offers meals that don't get funky in the microwave -- you know what I'm talking about. But if you think the microwave gives you cancer, you can also reheat it in the oven. Every container of food has rehearing instructions, transparent ingredient lists, and a list of diets that food item is compliant with (think; whole30, paleo, vegan, etc.). Amazing.
I went to pick up my order and it wasn't packed up, so when I gave the associate my name he was really frantic to get me on my way which I appreciated. However, he missed one of the items that I ordered 2 of (PS Snacks Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough) and that was IMPORTANT. I caught it and he gave me another one no problem. But I definitely suggest you check your bag before leaving to make sure all of your goodies are in there. 
The food is great, the concept is great, and the service is great. I will absolutely keep Snap Kitchen in my reservoir of top lunch spots in the city. 
Pictured: harvest kale salad, provencal flatbread, gunner greens juice, and a baby cactus from the office.So happy to have a new non-sandwich, healthy lunch option near my office. There are a lot of great options with eggs, chicken, beef, and even some seafood. Most entrees come in 3 different sizes which is great depending how hungry you are or how many calories you are looking to consume. All items come with calorie count to easily pay attention to what you are eating. I love all the side options such as a side salad, chicken salad, dessert, hummus, etc. prices are fairly comparable for the area. I got the Asian chicken salad which was delicious. The layout of this store is a bit awkward, trying to navigate the salad section and the microwaves and utensils when it is busy is difficult. Regardless, I'll be back soon!I love this place!!! First of all, the staff was so nice and helpful. I bought 5 different meals and they were all delicious. My favorites were the beef stew and the beef stroganoff. The small is a perfect size for one. Working in the medical field i don't have time to go out for lunch and struggle putting meals together all the time so this is perfect. Small meals range from $5-9. They are so flavorful and healthy I am so excited his place opened up shop in philly and even more exited for the rittenhouse square location!Simply fantastic. The best part is that I don't have to worry about my dietary restrictions or portion control because they pretty much have that all covered ahead of time. The spicy salmon is my favorite. And their juices/shakes are excellent! Also the brownies - yum!everything from snap kitchen is wonderful!! i love eating here because it's healthy and makes me feel great!!I love, love, love Snap Kitchen and particularly this location. The staff are super-friendly and accommodating which makes you feel very welcomed. Have picked up a variety of meals ranging from the Almond Pancakes to the Naked Beef and the delish Bison Hash. Will definitely be a regular here....Food is delicious and fresh. Some people may complain about pricing but you're also paying for the convenience of the meal prep - so it's definitely a steal in that regard. Love the app and how easy it is to use, and how easy they lay out the recommended meals based on my needs.Gluten-free. Dairy-free. Paleo. Here's just a sampling of words I generally don't use in my vocabulary but need to incorporate more often.
Snap's goal is to help with wellness ventures by providing healthy, sustainable meals at rapid speed. You just walk in, pick up a ready-made meal, pay and leave. It's pretty easy and the meals I've had so far haven't been bad.
But it's so expensive! Especially for a business categorized on here as "Fast Food." I spent a terrifying $25 for a healthy juice and two healthy "small" meals. That seems a little excessive to me, even if the place is dishing out quality eats.
I felt like an awful healthy-person yesterday. After eating my chicken and broccoli hash, I realized I was absolutely starving and craving cheese. I'm supposed to be cutting cheese out of my diet right now (as if that's even possible??), so of course I raided the fridge and ate half a block of cheddar for dessert. Healthy meal attempt 1: Fail.
Healthy attempt #2 was a bit more of a success. Since the almond crusted chicken meal has substance to it -- aka solid meat -- it did fill me up a bit more, though I did follow up shortly thereafter with a gluten-free quinoa chip snack. Baby steps, right?
Snap Kitchen seems like it'll be a good "every now and again" option, but it's too pricey to replace my Wawa trips.I had been reading about Snap Kitchen prior to its opening and was so excited to try it out. After diligently stalking their menu for 30 minutes Sunday morning I walked over before yoga. I was given a great intro to the concept of the market by an employee, explaining how items were color coordinated in the fridge based on protein type and then organized by meal type, and dietary restrictions. 
I got a water bottle (which was huge for $.79) and an almondcino.. Very good but expensive! 
I came back again tonight to grab dinner. I dealt with yet another friendly employee who told me some of her favorite menu items. I was deciding between the lamb lasagna and the salmon. After perusing for a while she offered me a free entree on then so that I could try both! I had the lasagna tonight for dinner and it was amazing! So flavorful. 
Keep in mind this is not a sit down restaurant. It's really like a grab and go style of health conscious food options ranging from breakfast to dessert! Cold pressed juices, chia puddings, chicken strips, salads, I can go on. But go check it out for yourself. Delicious. I can't wait to eat the salmon for lunch tomorrow.You know that feeling when you have a meal that's EXACTLY what you were craving? Just experienced that at Snap Kitchen. The turkey chili is exactly how I like it - a little kick but not excessively spicy, onions & peppers with some bite to them, perfectly seasoned, hearty but not greasy. The Hoppin' John is delicious too. Love the nutrient dense focus and the variety of offerings - meat, fish, veggie, vegan, etc. in several different sizes. Doesn't feel like fast food and pricing is comparable to Cosi and the like but much higher quality. Friendly service and much shorter lines than sweetgreen!After months (years, really) of my eating being out of control (2 donuts/week at work, too many bagels and Panera runs, overeating tortilla chips and hummus at night, etc.,) I decided to take back my diet and focus on eating healthier (more protein and veggies.) That is often difficult for me since I HATE salads, so luckily Snap Kitchen helped me accomplish this - fast! I chose the 5 day Balance meal plan which includes breakfast, lunch, and dinner and 2 snacks/day, and I felt better by day 3! The employees at this location are very, very nice and friendly and super accommodating (Dylan in particular) as I often have to pick up my meals in the morning on my way to work in the burbs, and they're kind enough to bring the bag out to my car so that the PPA doesn't ticket me as no one can park on Chestnut St. til 10 am.  They also call and let me know when they have to swap an item if they don't have what I originally wanted.
However, I also decided to try it for weight loss purposes, and that part hasn't been so great. Admittedly, I have been 'supplementing' with the occasional Starbucks caramel latte or toffee covered almonds (a lot of them,) and I've lost only 3 pounds in 3 weeks. (I also started working out for the first time in 5 months, so that might be adding weight via muscle...) I attribute most of this lack of weight loss to both my 1 cheat day/wk and to the high fat content of many dishes and snacks. Some days I count only 1,300-1,450 calories but 60-75 grams of fat! So while one is not full on 1,300 calories/day (especially me at 193 lbs,) I've consumed more than my share of fat for the day.  They don't use lower in fat wheat flour and very little dairy, and that's really cool until you see that almond or coconut flour which many breakfast items are made of is loaded with fat. There is also a delicious shrimp paella that has too much oil which raises the fat content of an otherwise not high calorie dish. The ab&j oatmeal bowl is my favorite breakfast item: oatmeal, quinoa, fruit compote, and almond butter topped with toasted almonds, but it has a whopping 24 g fat! Items such as this make Snap Kitchen not so diet friendly if you don't want to eat the same breakfast items each day. I emailed the company this weekend to suggest they offer a few low-fat items in addition to other the dietary restriction items, and they seem very open to feedback.
The only reason I can't give this place 4 stars is because some dishes are unnecessarily high in fat, and low fat isn't much of a 'thing' at Snap Kitchen. Other than that, it's convenient, mostly healthy, and very good-tasting food.There was a ton of hype surrounding Snap Kitchen's entrance into the Philadelphia market. There will be about a half dozen stores. 
I think there's one important thing that we all need to keep in mind when trying out Snap. The sell pre-made, take-out options. To quote my husband after the visit, it's like "glorified lean cuisine." 
I think if I had a better perspective of this going into my experience, I may have enjoyed it a little more. 
Don't get me wrong, the store was bright and clean. The staff was friendly and helpful. I was greeted promptly and asked if I had any questions, even before I had the time to think of any. 
I ordered the Chicken Butternut Squash Macaroni in medium, since they were out of smalls. It was good, don't get me wrong. However, based on the hype over Snap, I was expecting a gourmet orgasmic explosion in my mouth. It contained nice chunks of butternut squash, a healthy portion of ground chicken and just a dab too little of goat cheese. I had to mix everything together after microwaving it at home. The macaroni itself was just a little blah. Maybe it was healthy macaroni? 
I'm intrigued by the concept of Snap, but not quite sold yet. Between my macaroni and my husband's turkey meatloaf, we ran a tab just shy of $20. I feel we can get something comparable in both price, size and nutrition at Whole Foods. I'll try Snap again without a doubt, however I'll go in with the added perspective of a take-out meal versus gourmet experience.I've been to Snap every day for the past 3 days. While my debit card is hot from all the swiping it's been doing at Snap, my stomach is happy because I've been filling it with delicious Paleo delicacies. 
I eat a Paleo diet at home, so it's nice to have the same options when I don't have dinner leftovers for my lunch the next day. No more disgusting Wawa salads or unhealthy sandwiches for this girl when she's hangry! 
Is Snap the cheapest option for a grab-and-go lunch? No, but it's probably the healthiest, easiest and quickest, not the mention it's ridiculously delicious. I've had the meatballs, beef stroganoff and many of the breakfast items - all were packed with flavor and amazingly delish. My husband enjoyed some lamb lasagna and literally talked about how awesome it was all day. He doesn't even do that with my cooking!
The staff is very helpful and they have microwaves on premises if you need to eat in a rush. While I'd prefer to bake my meals (baking and microwave instructions are on all containers), that's not an option during my weekday lunch hour. Most meals are hot and ready in about 2 minutes!
Snap has a rewards program, which I'm sure I will reap the benefits of soon. For every dollar you spend, you get points. Once you reach 200 points, you get $10, which is equivalent to a free meal.
Thanks, Snap, for bringing your bad ass self to various parts of Philly. You were desperately needed.Delicious food and healthy after a great walk. Awesome awesome awesome yyyyyyyuuuuuuummmmmmtyyyyyyyh
Oh and healthyThank you Snap Kitchen for coming to Philly! Snap Kitchen is perfect if you want to eat healthy, loose weight and save time. Since the meals healthy you can't try it out with having really high expectations for the taste. However, the meals taste great if your goal is to eat healthy and loose weight. I used to meal prep myself but between the time it took me to food shop, cook, clean, and the cost, it made more sense to buy meals from Snap Kitchen. For the past month I've been getting most of my lunches & dinners here. I can already tell the difference in how I look and feel. My favorite meals are the coconut shrimp, vegetable lasagne & chicken teriyaki. I hope to see new meals added or have a rotation of featured meals. Also, you get 10% off if you belong to the Bellevue Sporting Club!I work very close to Snap Kitchen and I so wish I liked it more.  It is so hard to find gluten free food when eating out, and I love that almost everything at Snap Kitchen is gluten free.  But the problem is that it is so expensive!  Basically you are paying for extremely pricey lean cuisines.  I got the watermelon salad but it was nothing really exceptional.  I think this is a cool idea but it's just way too expensive.Finally, a place for quality healthy take out in Fairmount! Up until now we've been short a place to grab healthy to-go options that's not the high prices and craziness of Whole Foods. The store had a lot of variety, lots of people ready to ring you up, and wide open/ easy to grab displays. 
I tried the pecan crusted salmon and the mashed sweet potatoes. Both gluten free and really delicious. Generous portions and appropriately priced. 
My only suggestion is the first time you go, you may need to spend an extra minute to get yourself acclimated to where things are. I feel like that's true of any store you go to though. 
Can't wait to try more great options!Food is too expensive for the portion and quality you get. Also, everything is SUPER salty.Advertised as a shop to pick up meals that are very easy to prepare (just throw in the oven or microwave), and healthy, with all nutritional facts outlined. I have ordered multiple items from here - some, I would definitely re-order, some I'd stay away from. 
Atmosphere: It's laid out just like a section of the grocery market where you can buy microwaveables, but with nutritional facts outlined / standardized across all products. They offer more niche, healthy options, all labeled to accommodate dietary needs (e.g., paleo, keto, gluten free). Very friendly to different diet preferences, for sure!
Service: Honestly a big strength of this franchise. I've always had very pleasant experiences with the cashiers and workers at this location! They are very kind and willing to explain products to you.
Food: A few of the items I've tried - 
Romesco chicken/salmon: I personally recommend trying the romesco options: these sauces go well with the food, and add some creamy flavoring (though the naked options - no sauces - are probably healthier). I prefer these over the chimichurri options, though it depends on what flavor you're going for.
Barrel Creek Provisions Fermented Vegetables: Thought this was WAY too sour - I was surprised the cashier recommended drinking the juice! I took one sip and threw the rest out; way too difficult to drink, would not recommend. 
Little side-offering of steak: No flavoring at all on its own. I'd probably steer away from these, unless you have seasoning/sauces yourself to flavor this.
Rx butters - Good for when I have high sugar cravings, and keeping me from consuming mouthfuls of chocolate.
Side note: Get their app / be enrolled in the rewards program if you're a frequency visitor! The app allows you to order in advance to see if items are in stock, which is usually pretty accurate. There are a few locations scattered throughout the city, and they are sometimes stocked differently. When you enroll at first, they give you a few free items too (free breakfast options, generally)
Overall: 4/5 would still come back for some meals that I enjoy, but grocery store microwaveables are definitely more affordable (and there are definitely healthy options too). You'd have to consider if it's worth spending the money (a bit pricier) for food you're just going to microwave or toss in the oven.I FINALLY stopped in here today to check out all of the hype, and I am so happy that I did. I was seriously so enamored with everything Snap had to offer, from the entrees to the beverage choices to the snacks. If you like fresh convenience, this is your spot, without a doubt. I grabbed a matcha mint iced tea and it is really refreshing. I also got the "naked beef" with cauliflower and snap peas for dinner! A small is a great lunch portion, or maybe dinner if you are having something on the side. All of the food looked very fresh with clear "sell by dates." The workers were really friendly and efficient. They do not recommend freezing the meals, instead shopping every ~3 days for your weekly fix. 
Their rewards card sounds really legit. For every $1 spent = 1 point. When you hit 200 points, you get $10 off. For someone who is crunched for time often and does not want to cook for one, Snap kitchen is THE place. I am really looking forward to trying their entrees- all of them look really delicious!!Not bad. Not great. I was looking for something quick and just happened to have a sweet tooth so I went with a watermelon cucumber juice drink & a vegan (I think) chocolate mouse. The drink was actually pretty good. The mouse I chucked. One lick of the spoon & I could tell it was LOADED with cinnamon. I dipped my finger into the mouse to see if it was just sprinkled on top, I was eating it in my car on the way home. But nope. Nasty cinnamon loaded all through. Disgusting. Who does that to chocolate mouse? They have a limited menus & seem to have more items coming. I will probably try again but I'm kinda scared. For now I'm sticking with whole foods or Trader Joes for the price pointHaters may say "it's airplane food" but that's okay bc more for me!! I go in here probably 4 out of 7 days of the week and it's truly a life saver when I need a healthy snack or a super quick meal and I haven't had time to make food that day. 
If you care at all about health and nutrition I can't see how you would dislike Snap Kitchen. They make healthy simple meals like you may cook for yourself at home, but they are tastier. In addition to this they list all allergens/nutrition details and have TONS of options for vegan/vegetarian/gf/whole 30 diets. I think certain items are definitely a lot better than others, but I can't say I've ever had something bad here.
I recommend the butternut squash macaroni, kale hoppin John and the banana maple oatmeal. Make sure you do look at the prices before you make a decision here because they are quite different depending on the item and if you are careful you will spend less than $10. 
I also feel like eating here can be a hack to your own cooking and help give you healthy cooking ideas/inspo as I've recreated some of the meals here with success.I've heard of Snap when I was in Houston, TX last November. I didn't get to try it there. When it opened in Philly, I did stop immediately. I also try spread out the word to a few of my coworkers that want to eat healthy lunch meals. 
SK offers a variety of meals. Whether you want low carb - high protein, high fat- high protein, and many other nutritious options. It's like someone prepped your meals for the day and your're taking it from the refrigerator. Anyone who preps their meals for body goals purposes understands this. :) You pick it up from the shelves, pay and go. There's an option to heat it up there but I see a lot of people have it to go. 
Busy center city area folks, it's definitely a must try.I appreciate the concept, but the food is just not that tasty. For the price tag, I don't think it's worth the money.If you want 6 meals for $15 use my discount code: AWHI-JR9. Or you can use it to get $15 off of one meal. Please note the code doesn't work in store. You can order on the app then get it from the store to take advantage of the savings. Or you can use their free delivery system. 
Now about the shrimp & cauliflower grits. They are yummy I get them every week. The cauliflower is so good and so sweet that you almost forget your eating cauliflower.  I'm not a huge kale fan but I like how they braze it so it's bearable!I got 6 meals for $15 because I used a code to get $45 off of a meal plan. My coupon / discount code is AWHI-JR9, if you want $15 off of a meal and $45 off of a meal plan when you order on the app. Please note the code doesn't work in store. You can order on the app then get it from the store to take advantage of the savings. 
Now about the romesco chicken.
The chicken and sauce are divine. And the mushrooms paired with it is delicious. I wouldve given it 5 stars, but I hate kale. So I wish they'd make it with collards or something ‍ Other than that it's deliciousThis is not your father's fast food! I've tried quite a few selections and they're all great (except not crazy about the vegan fetuccini alfredo ... I like wheat noodles much better, but the other flavors were great). Salmon dishes, naked beef, snap peas, and egg sausage taco were favorites. Didn't give 5 stars because they're a bit pricy and you need to get medium size if you want to feel satisfied. But I suppose if you want fresh, tasty and healthy, you're gonna pay a bit more.I got 6 meals for $15 because I used my friends code to get $45 off of a meal plan. My coupon code/ discount code is AWHI-JR9, if you want $15 off of a meal and $45 off of a meal plan when you order on the app. Please note the code doesn't work in store. 
Now about my meal... 
The Shrimp Scampi is AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS! It is ridiculously flavorful and fresh. It came with 9 shrimp, tons of veggies and noodles. This will definitely be a staple in my weekly meal planEnjoyed my first experience here. Real
Simple and good food. I picked out my salad, microwaved my grilled
Chicken and got my ice tea. Combined everything and was ready to eat in my car or outside. Very reasonable for what you get. Good value.I love snap kitchen! The prices are reasonable, the food is great and the portion size is perfect. At first I though the portions looked small but after eating their stuff a handfull of times for lunch and or dinner I realized it's perfect. 
You also can get $10 credit by downloading their app! (Code: CMCA-WT2)
Their sweet potatoes are amazing and I loveee their chicken enchiladas. I need to try more of their food, but it's hard to resist both of those because they do a great job with them.
I will definitely be eating here a lot. I plan to try their breakfast food next!My job had me work in Philadelphia temporarily for a month and, lacking a kitchen, I was presented with the classic traveling work dilemma of eating out for every meal or.... eating out for every meal.  Enter Snap Kitchen!
I signed up for their 5 day/week meal plan, getting lunch and dinner every day and allowing myself hospital oatmeal for breakfast (I swear, it is delicious).  The price was very reasonable.  I was consistently impressed by every meal, but here are some winners:
Bison Quinoa Hash
Chicken Pad Thai
Chimichurri Chicken
Beef Lasagna
Mango Beet Poke Bowl
Turkey Chilli 
What really stuck out, though, was the customer service.  Snap was on my walk from the hospital to home so I figured doing pick up just made sense.  On more than one occasion, it was getting close to closing time and I was still at work.  Invariably, they would call to see if it looked like I was going to make it in and, if not, offered to keep it refrigerated overnight.  Additionally, when they were out of something I ordered, a real person (!!!) would text me with specific suggestions for substitutions.  It just made everything so easy.
Icing on the cake?  I found some of my new favorite snacks!  Healthcare professionals take special note, because all of these are easily carry-able in your scrubs.
Thunderbird Bars: I think I could just eat these all day and be happy.  My all time favorite is the Pecan, Goji, and Pistachio bar but Cashew, Fig, and Carrot is a close second.  They are all super filling and great for a quick snack,
Barnana:  These are chewy bites of banana with the option of with or without peanut butter.  For me, peanut butter is the obvious answer (always), but the plain are just as tasty. 
P.S. Cookie Dough: I love cookie dough.  I could easily sit and eat it all day.  Great thing about these are that they are A) salmonella free and B) made out of beans!  There are chocolate chip (garbanzo bean), peanut butter (garbanzo bean), and fudge brownie (black bean) options, all of which will satisfy your craving.
My only complaint?  They aren't in DC!Still five stars, but have now also tried the:
-chili glazed salmon with coconut rice and snap peas (the rice in particular was slammin)
-deviled eggs
-tuscan kale snack
:) :) :)The portions are a little small for the price but I could not believe how good the food is. They put all the calories, fats, etc. On the packages. Friendly staff and It's quick and convenient. I could bot believe healthy food could taste this good.Food is good. It is a little pricey but not too much. It is worth it to get a healthy meal.Discovered Snap Kitchen right at the end of my first round of Whole30 and was SUPER mad about it, because I wish I had known this amazing place existed from the beginning.  For ANY type of dietary restriction, you can find something here.  Even if you don't have a dietary restriction but you are looking for a quick, healthy meal on the go, Snap is the place for you.
It's quick and convenient, but not cheap. The price tag comes with healthy food no matter what, though. I also love that they have microwaves for you to heat up your meal and eat in-house.  They also deliver(!!!) and they have a rewards program! So if you are planning to come back frequently, make sure you enroll.Pizza was good but staff very rude and rush u. One guy did not wear hear net. Flies all over the place. Not worth it when and pizza is nearby and clean!For what you get here, it can't be beat--price point is absolutely stellar.  My boyfriend and I were looking for some casual, healthy food on a Saturday night in the city where we DID NOT want to be a part of the crazy, hectic nightlife.  We stumbled upon this spot by happenstance and wandered in--quite honestly, not expecting much.
Boy were we surprised--we got healthy, quick, delicious, simple food--that we would have paid a lot more for at a fancier spot--for a very very good price.  I think one pizza and 2 salads--maybe set us back $22?  
Also, even though it was a Saturday night and they had to be at work, the employees at the counter were super helpful and sweet and friendly.  I don't usually expect such great  customer service on a Saturday night.  Plus we were able to sit and enjoy our food and hear ourselves talk, which was much appreciated with all the chaotic drunken mess of people in the city.
Will defnitely come back for fast, affordable, better-than-the price value and great customer service.
It's not fancy but it is spot on and I really loved it.I'm obsessed with Snap. This place was my saving grace when we moved to center city but my fiance had to go out of town as soon as we moved in. I love to cook but hate cooking for one. Plus I had to unpack a lot in order to even be able to cook anything. They have healthy, filling meals that are reasonably priced. I buy a few meals here every week for lunch and occasionally dinner. They have a great variety of meals. Some are labeled if they're approved for different diets. Their rewards program is awesome so make sure you sign up!
Friendly staff as well!I was out enjoying the great weather and saw this new place at 19th and Chestnut. Snap Kitchen seems to promote fast, healthy and well-prepared fast food. What that means that the food is prepared fresh each day and placed in the refrigerated section, then customers can either pay and leave or pick up, heat it up on site via a microwave, pay and leave. 
First off, it is a great concept and a great alternative to the all the Chiptole, food carts and pre-package lunch options in the city. However, a major con is that the food is VERY expensive. For example, a kale smoothie starts at $7.99. The size is no bigger than a Naked Juice at CVS. It is not hard to crack $25 for a meal at Snap, if you get a drink and probably about two healthy meals. 
They serve: breakfast, lunch and dinner options and even a small serving of oatmeal is just over $5.00; a small serving of two pancakes is the same price but you will be charged an additional $1.00 for maple syrup. I am sure the food is super tasty given I saw many people grabbing salads and other goodies off the self, but there is no "bang for your buck." 
On the bright side, they do have a rewards card, that is free, and every dollar you spend can go towards a discount on future meals...I believe it is every $50.00 you spend.Yet another great visit at another great snap kitchen.  THis time it was because of Matthew.  The employees really really make this place.
Are you listening, Management?  I hope you are paying attention and treat them well and incentivize them:)
Matthew totally made me laugh and also helped  me pick out my meals for about 10 minutes one at a time.  I had the turkey chili and it was my favorite item to date.  The veggie beef lasagna was also very good.
the hot chicken...not my favorite--it was actually gross--and I even heated up in the oven rather than microwave because I have had the experience that chicken in the microwave can end up tasting funky.
However, I cannot fault them for this because 2 out of three....certainly ain't bad!So embarrassing confession, when considering where to move in the city, one of our major factors was the new apartments proximity to a Snap Kitchen...no joke. Snap has completely transformed our weekly routine. I went from cooking hours each day, to finding super yummy pre-made meals that my hubby and I love! Double win, great food and the nicest staff ever!
Make sure to get their rewards card, it's free and you get $10 off of every $200 you spend. Trust me, if you buy every week like we do, you'll hit that bonus quick. The food is affordable though, we actually save money with better, pre-made meals here than we do when actually grocery shopping. 
I would confess my favorite foods but I don't want them to sell out, haha! I love you, Snap!Snap Kitchen is a dream for anyone who wants delicious, fresh, food, that is still nourishing and healthy! The thing I love most about snap kitchen is that they have so many different types of dishes. They have salads and the classic meat/carb/veggie combo, but also pancakes, lasagna, and desserts! I get so tired of getting salads or skipping sauces to have healthier meals, so all the options at snap are a dream. 
Snap is also completely transparent with their nutrition information! Their dishes come in small, medium, or large sizes, with nutrition facts including grams of fat and protein right on top of each container. They also sell little containers of sides like cauliflower rice or sweet potatoes, so even the pickiest eater or someone on a restricted diet can find something delicious to eat. 
If you're in a mood to treat yoursef, try the Chai Cashew Shake. It is a delicious blend of nut milk and spices with 8 grams of protein and 16g of fiber -- and it is sweetened naturally only with dates. 
After discovering Snap Kitchen, I may never cook again...Alright guys, I had to check out the HYPE of Snap Kitchen and boy, am I glad I did! This place is GENIUS. For those of you who are trying to eat healthy, control calories/carbs, but make excuses that you don't have time to meal prep and can't eat properly because of a hectic schedule...Snap Kitchen is your answer! I highly recommend picking up some meals for the week - especially if you seem to catch yourself wasting a lot of groceries and throwing away fruits and veggies because your lunch/dinner plans are always up-in-the-air. Not only is it the perfect amount of quality food, everything ACTUALLY TASTES SO DELICIOUS. Yes, it may seem a little pricey but I typically end up paying the same amount when purchasing groceries for the week.Snap Kitchen is like stepping into a sterile galley on a spaceship.  The fluorescent lighting and meticulous shelves of boxed food containers just seemed very strange and cold.  Speaking of cold, the food is that and expensive.  Two small banana pancakes were $5.99--and you have to pay an extra 99 cents for a thimble of maple syrup.  Many of the entrees are extremely pricey, which is not conducive to the promotion of wholesome and healthy eating.  Also, I've learned that nuking food in a microwave is an unhealthy, if not dangerous, practice because zapping your food actually destroys many of the beneficial nutrients.  It's always disappointing when eating well doesn't align with a reasonable budget.Plenty of options with varying portion sizes. Everything I've tried here is flavorful. Key lime pie made with Greek yogurt and crush pecans is a tasty & healthy dessert option. Another bonus - the staff are always friendly.So, I work near Rittenhouse and have gotten into the budget friendly habit of packing my lunch because of the limited, reasonably priced, healthy options... and then I didn't have time to pack a lunch one day so popped into Snap Kitchen. Woah. I almost wish I hadn't discovered how AWESOME this place is.
I stood just looking at everything for a few minutes (not sure where to start because it all looked SO good!) before one of the employees who was stocking the shelves asked if I needed anything. She recommended the brisket with veggies and it was seriously good! I loved that they give you instructions on how long to heat things up for and that everything has a close "sell by" date. Real food. I'm sold.Never tried any of their meals but Snap Kitchen is the ONLY place in Philly that carries The Coconut Cult Probiotic Yogurt! If you ever want to try this product, be sure to head over to Snap Kitchen! Snap Kitchen also carries products typically found at Whole Foods but at a higher price, so I would recommend not buying those and going to Whole Foods, Trader Joes, MOM's or any other health store to purchase those products.
The cashiers are also super sweet and make you feel welcomed.Snap Kitchen is my new go-to place for healthy goods. I love how everything is gluten-free and refined sugar-free but it's impossible to notice that the food is healthy because everything is SOOOO DELICIOUS!!!! I bought everything that looked and sounded good, which happened to be a lot. I spent a total of $159.19 on 2 Bison Quinoa Hash (small), 1 Beef Sweet Potato Scramble (small), 1 Chicken Butternut Macaroni (small), 1 Parmesan Chicken With Spiralized Butternut Squash (medium), 1 Turkey Sausage Breakfast Sandwich, 2 Coconut Cult- mango cream 16oz and 2 Coconut Cult-Original 16oz.   The prices are reasonable compared to eating out at a restaurant and the food is definitely better than a fancy meal. I love how all the ingredients and macronutrients are listed for each meal and there are different portion sizes for each meal. Snap Kitchen helps encourages people to live a healthy lifestyle by creating yummy meals. 
The Bison Quinoa Hash had a great combination of spices and had loads of bison meat! A hearty meal that I would definitely pick up again. Super delicious but since it is for the "sodium conscious," I had to add a lot of salt #guilty. The Turkey Sausage Breakfast Sandwich is hands down the BEST BREAKFAST SANDWICH EVER!!! The flavorful gluten-free bread tastes like regular bread, and the turkey sausage and egg white patties also were up my alley. I will be treating myself to another one of these breakfast sandwiches soon. 
I'll be having Snap Kitchen meals for the next few days since I bought so much!! I'll keep you all updated on what YOU HAVE TO TRY!!!! Also, the people are probably the NICEST people ever. I love coming here so much! 10/10 would recommend!I'm busy so I don't have time to cook and I want to eat healthy. So I do the Snap Kitchen meal plan where I order 6-8 meals/week. My weekly staples/favorites items are: spicy dan dan noodles, sweet chili glazed salmon, shrimp & cauliflower grits, chicken tinga tacos, chicken tenders with turnip mash the chicken chile enchiladas, the spaghetti turkey bolognese and the turkey chili with beans.   
If you want 6 meals for $15 use my discount code: AWHI-JR9. Or you can use it to get $15 off of one meal. Please note the code doesn't work in store. You can order on the app then get it from the store to take advantage of the savings.  
I would have given them 5 stars but they need better vegetarian options. Once they improve in that regard, they'll be perfect!
The dishes I had that weren't so great are:  butter chicken on broccoli rice, bbq chicken plate, hot chicken with fusilli & cheese,  crunchy coconut shrimp, chicken fried broccoli rice. The veggie taco bowl and black bean sliders made me want to throw up - I couldn't even finish my meal :(It's alright. I like the marketing and branding better than the food, at least as of now.
The service and feel of the place is top notch, as it is bright and everyone is very friendly.
Everything is very transparent, from the packaging, to the ingredients, to the nutrition.
I did not get the sense that there was a ton of vegan options, and that is where I steer. If you're more of a paleo-head I think this place would be great.
It did remind me of an airport or similar to-go place, such as CIBO express, except focused more on building a meal than on snacks and drinks. I could go for some upgrades, as there wasn't a ton of fresh avocado, quinoa, and tofu for veggie-lovers such as me.