Thank me later  ... I had the opportunity to experience the private opening for SOMO and I was very satisfied and impress with the food and ambience. Great service, place felt very intimated and cozy. Small plates that we tried -the grilled octopus yum! The spicy wings but be careful they are SPICY but good. Oh and the meatballs wow so good. Medium plates - lobster Mac and cheese it's a must to try and the cheesesteak tartar it's like a yummy salad. Large plates - (this was my favorite part) the porter house steak  ( I believe it was 36 ounces)  the biggest steak I have ever seen on my plate   great for sharing. I will definitely recommend and will be going backThis is probably one of my favorite spots in Philly. The food is exquisite, serivce impeccable, and unbelievable design. Hard to imagine there's still a roof top bar coming. The lounge is a perfect vibe for watching a game, grabbing a cocktail, or just waiting on your table. You HAVE to check this place out. I recommend anything on the menu. I had the pleasure of sitting at the table directly in front of the kitchen and was able to watch all the care and energy put into each dish. I was also fortunate to meet Chef and boy is he a good dude. 10/10, would recommend to a friend.Stop in before the Sixers game last night friendly bartenders nice happy hour all the the bar selection menu was very good enjoy cocktails looks like a nice place before and after the gameSOMO SoPhi is a great place off the beaten path to grab a bite to eat, whether you are stopping in before a game, or having a special night, or just having drinks and great food any day of the week. I had the pleasure of having dinner at SOMO with a large group, brunch with the family, drinks and appetizers with the boys, and a birthday celebration with my folks, and I haven't been let down yet. 
Great staff, valet parking, a beautiful ambiance fresh food with succulent flavors that include a pinch of NOLA with a twist of NEW YORK and lot of local PHILLY brotherly love. 
The food ambiance and staff are hands down top in the city. Thank you for bringing this gem of a restaurant to the Philadelphia area. 
Chef, thanks for the attention to detail and flexibility and flavor in your menu. 
I can't wait for the summer to hang out on the deck! I plan to host my birthday party, professional happy hours and dinners SOMO SoPhi!OMGOODNESS!!! I love love love this place!!! Best spot for a chilled night out with close friends and family. I can't remember who my server was but he was the best!! He did a great job recommending me and my friends what to try depending on what we liked and what was available on the menu; not one of his suggestions went wrong (from entree to drink to dessert). Such a great place with an awesome vibe. Oh yeah the price is definitely worth the experience. Kudos to their staff and most importantly their Chef! Great place!Went to SOMO for happy hour nice place good food reasonable prices for happy hour we will be backWent there a few weeks ago for a roller coaster ride of an evening. When we got there  I was impressed, the place is cool, the bar/lounge  & the upstairs dining room are all nice. We were the only people there but another table of 2 came up shortly after us. (*Before I go any further let me just say that I almost never send food back...it's just too much drama for me!*)
The appetizers took FOREVER to come out & were not good. Raw roasted Brussel sprouts with zero flavor & a "schmear" of hummus with a joke amount veggies/pita. 
Then the entrees came, the salmon was perfect & the accompanying lentil/veg combo was delicious! The pasta was very salty & absolutely nothing like it's description on the menu but it was ok
We all shared a "cheesecake dessert" that was definitely not cheesecake but again ok
The server was nice, the atmosphere was nice but I am not in any rush to returnWe have been to SOMO a few times since they opened and always love their unique cocktails, personable wait staff, gorgeous decor and of course their amazing food! My fiance has the NY strip every time and is always super impressed. The other night, we took a last minute reservation. We arrived to the restaurant with family and the kitchen was backed up. The manager kept us totally up-to-speed and even comped our drinks. My in-laws were so impressed by the food, they didn't care at all about the wait and already want to come back during their next visit. If you haven't visited this neighborhood gem yet, you are missing out!!What a wonderful place :) got to Philly, at a hotel with very misleading photos/a broken elevator. Had problems with our room. Took an Uber down the street for some food with a VERY dangerous and rude Uber driver who wouldn't even drop me off at my drop off location on a private uberX ride. Was not in a very good mood when I got to SOMO. But the food was great, prices were great. Ivan was amazing. So nice and great to talk to the bar staff, such great service. They really saved the day! Would highly recommend SOMO to any travelers. This place is a gem!I came with two others for brunch on a Saturday morning. The food was good and so were the prices. The staff was nice and attentive. The restaurant decor was really nice and inviting. The only complaint was that the food took really long to come out considering we were the only people in the restaurant.Terrible service. Me and my 2 friends came into what was a nearly empty restaurant and had been sitting down at least 15 minutes before our very rude server took our drink order for 3 cocktails never even giving us the chance to even order appetizers.When we finally did receive our watered down beverages after another 20 minutes our server again not asking if we needed anything else turned right back around before we can even order our food not coming back for another 20 minutes to take food orders after we had already decided to just grab our check and go elsewhere to eat. These south philly locals definitely wont be coming here again.Celebrated my birthday brunch here on Sunday! We were a party of 10. Great atmosphere, excellent customer service. I feel bad I forgot the name of our waitress but she was great. The food was also good, I got the dutch pancake, so good! One of my friends got the home fries I couldn't stop stealing a bite lol. After brunch, the waitress took pics of us in their lounge area...the pics were priceless...she even look pics of us trying to prepare for the shot, we had no clue...the pics are Hilarious. After taking pics a few of us stayed at the bar, ordered drinks, and chilled out. This a really NICE spot. I was there a total of 6 hours and still could have stayed longer, such a nice atmosphere. I am definitely a fan!Excellent new South Philly newcomer! Fantastic, friendly service, delicious New American menu and superb cocktails, local craft beers and artisan wines. I loved the rack of lamb, beet salad, fried chicken and house made desserts. And the complimentary valet parking made my night!Friend and I went for happy hour before a recent Sixers games and couldn't have had a better experience. The bar area has a great vibe, service was friendly and fast, and everything we sampled was excellent - meatballs, calamari, pretzels and lemon garlic wings. Definitely will come back for another visit. Great to have another good dining option near the stadiums.Beautiful ambiance and spacious! Food was good and just need more vegetarian options and a little bit more food quantity in prepared dishes. Would definitely returnBeautiful!!!! Exactly what south philly needed. Great cocktails & bar snacks. The 1776 drink was my favorite. My son loved the Mac n cheese. Will be back and can't wait for the brunch service to start.I've been to Somo a few times. The food is hit or miss and a lot of times inconsistent. Please see the pictures attached for a prime example of the inconsistency. Somo should show their chefs the photos so that they can improve going forward. 
I've had a lot of delicious things at Somo but this makes me not want to go back.It's been a long time since we saw fit to actually walk out of a restaurant, but it seemed our only option last night.  We left cash to cover beverages and a standard tip, but explained to the host on the way out that the situation was unacceptable.  Sadly, we saw several other parties do the same.
My husband and I arrived a little late for our reservation, and the person who greeted us was very kind and accommodating.  But it was downhill from there....  We waited a solid 20 minutes for anyone to even come to the table, and then listened to a long list of menu items they were "out of."  We quickly reconfigured our choices, ordered, and also requested two drinks.  Nearly 20 minutes later the drinks arrived, one partially spilled on my husband by the server- watered down, devoid of any garnish, and tasting nothing like their description.   After another half hour (nobody checked on us or refilled water), no sign of food and it seemed the same for the other patrons.
We may consider giving Somo another try, and hope this was just a bad night.  The atmosphere, location, and general audio/visual vibe were really attractive.  The menu was creative, and proximity to the stadiums a real plus.  Really hoping the staff and management can pull it together because we really think the place *should* have great potential.Such a cute place but I was not impress at all with customer service(our waitress seemed impatient), parking, and the atmosphere was very dry, so sad because I've waited for this location to open. I ordered a Ginger Rodger which I did not finish.Nice modern design resturant. Honestly,  the best salmon burger I ever had. Friendly staff. And the parking was accommodating. Not to sure of the neighbors they were callong the cops, so if its and event at the stadium be prepared to have the cops make sure your not entering the residential areaService was off, food was fair. Ordered a bottle of sparkling water it was placed on the table and server walked away, now I know I  can pour my own water but never had to in a restaurant. Appetizer of octupus was delicious.  It was at least 15 minutes after we finished our app.  before the server returned to ask if we wanted another drink. We stated we would like wine with our entrees. The server left with the empty appetizer dish but our used dishes remained on the table. Another 20 minutes passed our dinner finally arrived brought by the busboy who we asked to please get our server so we could order wine. No explanations ever offered for all the delays.My special was just fair as was my husband's, however the accompanying risotto was bland and lukewarm. Wine arrived halfway through entree and I'm a slow eater. In a city filled with great restaurants I'm guessing that the out of town visitors in the area for sporting events will be who dines here. SOMO South Philly won't be getting any regulars from the neighborhood unless they step up their game.Ok if you have never been here before you are losing out. The place is amazing, there is a separate open lounge with cozy furniture, a lot of seating inside and out there I's FREE parking directly across the street and the atmosphere is amazing. The prices are great sports TV's everywhere. I can't wait to have an event here. There is an upstairs and downstairs nice for private parties and you can even watch the chef cook your meal. Great food choices this will be my new after work spot.The host was friendly and the bartender did her damndest to accommodate our drink requests. Broken forearm and all. What a trooper! Hope you heal quickly. I'm only giving 3 stars for the half ass Mgr response to all the 1 star reviews. If you cut and paste the same response over and over again, no one will believe that you are actually paying attention to the issues they've had or that you are actually "bringing them to the staff's attention". You're killing the restaurant's credibility.Not sure what happened over the last couple of months but the menu is not it used to be or even what is listed on the website.  Seems like they removed 75% of the menu items. 
We went in with a party of 10+ people on a Friday evening and while the waitress was very accommodating and on top of her service the food was to say the least mediocre. Having been there several time for happy hour, we were looking forward to the appetizers and finally having dinner there. This beautiful restaurant is certainly no what it was or could be. They were out of several items to start. We asked for the dinner specials and were told it was a turkey burger or they also had a turkey and ham club.  Certainly not what most would think of as a dinner special. Due to the limited menu I myself ended choosing a chicken sandwich which came out cold on stale day old bread. The pasta dishes were also cold. The only dish that anyone really liked was the fried chicken which came out late but at least was hot. 
If you are downgrading your menu then the website should be updated to reflect what is truly available.
We were excited when they started renovating and opened this location. I hope they figure out what they are trying to be. It's too nice of a place to go downhill so fast.Wow!  Wow! Wow! Tried this place because of the easy location to route 95. Started off with a perfectly made dirty martini and we decided to share a few of the interesting items on the menu. I had the home made pasta loaded with mushrooms and my friend got the steak sandwich  that was huge! Great French fries too. Ambiance is fresh and modern but very comfortable. Whitney was our server and she was first rate. She suggested a dessert that I cannot even describe@ some fantastic mixture of cake, cream,and liquor. YUM!  FREE VALET parking. Huge TV screen in the lounge by the bar. Perfect spot to watch the Eagles, Phillies or just hang out and get some excellent food. A true restaurant gem..I will be back.This place is Beautiful however the Management is Atrocious! We scheduled a brunch with 100 of the city's top professionals. We even had influencers from other cities, mainly NEW YORK CITY coming to the event. (Brunchella) The management (the chef) canceled our event 54 minutes before it happened! Imagine the disgust I had, there was no possible reschedule date, possible relocation option, NOTHING. We were told by the management, "YOU GUYS JUMPED THE GUN ON THIS EVENT, (We have over a month worth of email thread putting this event together) he also stated "You guys didnt sign a contract" (We have binding words from the emails that our event was going to happen as well as a meeting 4 days prior to the event) I met with the chef to discuss the menu 4 days prior and everything seemed great! Two days before I stopped by the restaurant to make an additional reservation and they told me (2 days prior) that "there were to be no more reservations because every seat was full - Management) that would then be clear that management was aware of the fact that the restaurant was going to be full of patrons on June 23rd. The day he cancelled on us he stated "We have no staff we have no food" ABSOLUTELY UNACCEPTABLE, especially you knew about this event as long as your tenure at the restaurant in the management position! We will get to the bottom of this issue and we would like a FULL WRITTEN APOLOGY FROM THE OWNERS THEMSELVES!We were very disappointed with the service here. We had a scheduled reservation for 1 pm on a Thursday and when we showed up they told us that they had  discontinued brunch from Monday-Thursday. They did not call us to notify us of this change nor did they make this change on their website. We made this reservation well in advance and were very upset that we were not notified of their change in business hours.We went for brunch, and I don't think any of us will be back.  We enjoyed the decor, cappuccinos, and disco fries.  Other than that, it fell flat.  We really wanted to like this place.  The egg dishes were overcooked with little flavor and the avocado toast (which was on a roll) was unappetizing.  Colleagues went the week before and got disco fries and burgers which were good.  I hope it improves.If I could give this 0 stars, I would. Please do not go here. Worst service, drinks, and food I've ever had. First, we had to wait at least 20 minutes to order our drinks. They finally came out another 20 minutes later and our mimosas were just orange juice. We had to ask our waiter if he could finally take our order. After waiting an hour for our food (the restaurant was dead), it came out staggered and not all together. Our chicken and waffle was raw!!! The waffle was literally dough. I don't know how you can stay in business if you don't have one good thing going for you. Highly disappointed!Atmosphere is really nice. Loved our waitress, she was awesome! 
We went to enjoy the Jimmy Butler $.23 wings for happy hour, but that wasn't a thing when we got there, but whatever prices were still pretty decent and we had been to the one in Manayunk before. My wings weren't the best or anything to rave about, but the presentation and wait time for food was pretty good. 
Planning on another visit cause it seems like a really dope spot to watch games, enjoy a few drinks, and spend time with friends or even go on a nice intimate date.
Absolutely love the rustic look and decor! If I could build my house and have my basement, kitchen, yard look remotely close to this place, I would.Had a wedge salad and ordered it with grilled chicken.nice size salad. Took some tome to come out. Place was freezing. Asked for crushed red pepper... they didn't have any. 
Waitress was super super nice, her second night here and her 2nd table she waited on!She was sweet and pleasant and will do well I'm sure.I would give negative stars if I could.  2 hours and still waiting for food.  No manager on site.  Horrible service.  Do not comeThis place was Amazing! Service ,scenery, and style. I'm going to be sure to let everyone know, this is the place for corporate and private parties for sure!So... this is my second visit to SOMO... I pass it all the time and forget about this place most of the time. First visit was w a date, we arrived around 930/10 and were informed the kitchen was closed already. The gentleman ordered a drink, Jack Daniels I believe and was I informed they were out and only had Hennessy to serve in its place. I'm a wine fan and seeing on the outside of the bar that this restaurant did have a wine specialty I was excited. Food options looked great so I vowed to come back..
Tonight I brought my best friend with me, looking forward to the wine and apps this time. This is where the excitement ends. 
We aren't greeted, so we just sit at the bar. There's a group of guys to our right and a couple to our left, which I recognize from the last visit. They must be the managers or owners. We sit down, clearly someone had been sitting there before us because the counter has beverage rings. Not a problem I'm sure the bartender will be by to wipe the counter. Here she comes.. she greets us now, asks if we would like anything, my beat friend orders a Diet Coke and I ask for what white wines are available?... The bartender looks, then is like "ummm actually we just have moscato"... this is a wine bar right? Soooo while I'm deciding on my beverage she serves my friend her soda... over the mess... and walks away... I'm annoyed and embarrassed at me recommending this place and already having a lack luster experience... I order a tequila sunrise.. when she brings my cocktail I finally have to request the counter be cleaned... rather than apologize I get "oh there were people there before you"... ok so what??? You saw the mess when you served us not once but twice and could've wiped the counter then..
The soda wasn't a diet it was a regular coke, tequila sunrise was made w pineapple not orange as it is supposed to...
I try to let my irritation pass and order food. We put our order in and wait. 
The couple to our left are eating wings and fries... the gentleman leaves his seat at the bar, to relocate behind the bar... still eating.. chewing his food as he's talking to everyone around them. Kinda gross and unprofessional. This place seems advertised as upscale but the manager/owner is in an oversized hoody smacking and talking w food in his mouth smh...
Another gentleman orders an old fashioned. The bartender is shaving her orange in front of us at the bar.. drops the peel.. cusses "bitch!" Out loud... she peels another... now I realize their garbage can is a foot from us across the bar, inches from where she is peeling the  orange she's putting in his drink, this can't be sanitary... our food comes..
The food looks good. We ordered wings, egg plant, and Brussels sprouts... bartender brings us plates for sharing, stacked w napkins and utensils... she then proceeds to drop the utensils on the floor... at this point I don't understand what is happening???... she brings us new utensils.. now these are dirty, food stuck to them... I'm almost scared to eat the food at this point! 
My friends drink sits empty from the time the food is ordered until we ask for the check, never offered a refill... I'm so F'n mad I cant get out of there fast enough before I really lose it. I don't finish my drink or half the food. 
What is going on at this place. The establishment is beautiful, love the set up. The food was good from the little we ate. This was far from the experience I anticipated on a Friday night. Especially since we were two of 5 people in the bar. The service should've been better. I have attached photos.My girlfriends and I came for a Saturday brunch and had the best time. This restaurant has a contemporary vibe, friendly staff, good food, and MIMOSAS. It's definitely a nice South Philly gem!First visit to SOMO was a five star experience even for a Friday night before a Phillies game, service was great, food was excellent and great drink menu
Second visit to SOMO was a disaster and no where close to the first experience. Went on a Sunday night before a show, got there a little before 5 to find only 1 bartender and 1 server for a packed restaurant, no white wine behind the bar and what they had, they ran out of 20 min after our first drink (along with a few other drinks). 
Since we had to be somewhere by 7 we gave until 6 and never got our meal or appetizer or more than 1 drink so cancelled everything and left.
Maybe it was an off night but it's never a good look when the chef comes down to the bar and rudely tells the bartender to not take any more food orders at 5:30 during dinnerThis place needs to be on kitchen nightmares. We arrived at 4:30 and needed to be at a graduation around the corner by 6:30. Should be no problem, right?
We started with some appetizers. They call them "shareables" but there is no way you could share those tiny portions. I had the hummus. Tiny amount of hummus, tiny amount of pita, a few sliced carrots and cucumbers. The meatballs were also not shareable. 
My mom had the $25 salmon and swapped the 2 veggies for other veggies. They tried to charge her $8 per swap ($41 total) for this. To top it off, the portion of salmon was about 1/3 of the pre-sliced pieces they have at the grocery store. It was barely a meal. Another person got something that said it was a "salad" but was just a few beets with the food. I ordered the Brussels sprouts and they were so flavorless and greasy that I sent them back. I understand that normally they are stuffed with bacon but surely you can still make Brussels sprouts that aren't undercooked and have some flavor? If it requires bacon for a vegetable from your kitchen to be palatable, you're not much of a chef. 
They managed to completely forget my moms hummus and my dads meatballs, which they claimed we never ordered but they managed to appear on the bill (despite us not receiving them) so they clearly just forgot to make them. My dad had luckily also ordered a wedge salad, which was literally just a head of lettuce chopped in half with a little blue cheese and tomatoes. No presentation, nothing on top of the lettuce - it was literally "here is a piece of lettuce and some stuff next to it, and a cup of dressing". And this somehow took about an hour to prepare. With 3 people in the kitchen. 
One person got the "scallops" - when you order scallops in a nice restaurant, you expect large scallops. The last thing you expect is those tiny little cheap scallops they sell in the store. But that's exactly what she received - tiny little scallops about the size of a dime. This is completely unacceptable. 
To top it all off, the service was the SLOWEST I have seen in my life. We were the only people there when we arrived, and yet it took so long for the food to come that the graduates had to shove their meal down and get some of it to go. It was an hour and a half from when we sat down to when the meals came. Then we tried to get the check, and 25 minutes later we didn't have the check and were about to just leave since we had asked multiple times for it (we aren't missing a graduation because it's taken 2 hours for this). Then we had been charged for things we shouldn't (substitutions at $8 each, the food we never even received because they forgot to make it) but there wasn't time to even fix it before we had to go. So we overpaid in cash and left, since we didn't even have time to wait what I'm sure would have been an hour for them to run the credit card. 
Their excuse for the check taking so long was that we asked for a few checks for different people, so she had to do that. And yet I saw her taking checks to other people rather than doing ours. It's like the concept of "we're in a HURRY" was a foreign language. They offered to leave us sit for half an hour longer while they prepared the food they forgot to make - but we DON'T HAVE TIME for that. 
My mom asked for the manager and was told there wasn't one on site. That might explain a lot actually. She was told the head chef was there, so she asked for him, but he never even came. 
I was still hungry since my Brussels sprouts were soaked in grease, and my dad was hungry because they forgot to even make his food, so we got veggie chicken sandwiches in the stadium. They were much better than the food here, much quicker, and actually reasonably priced. The rest of our party also got food there, since they were still hungry after the insanely small portions. 
I had unfortunately not read the reviews prior to coming here. It seems a lot of them are saying the same thing, and the owner says "we will tell the staff" and "we aim to please" and other non-committal statements, and yet the reviews reflect that nothing here has changed. I always follow a policy that if one review is bad, maybe one person wasn't happy. But if every review says that they move at a snail's pace to serve you minuscule portions of food that isn't even that good, there's probably a problem.Great servers, but the food needs a lot of work. The drinks are cheap as you can get for anywhere in America.Atmosphere and music is amazing, drinks were great, bathrooms were clean, and staff was very accommodating, couldn't ask for more. Ask for Tahmal as your server, he's got you for drink and food recommendations and is very quick with his service! Highly recommend.What a disappointment!!  My daughter and I went to dinner here last night.  She had been there previously and enjoyed her meal.  However, when we went last night...what a different story!!  First, I asked if the bartender could make a chocolate martini, knowing that a friend of mine had gotten one before.  The waiter went and checked and came back telling me "no".  We looked over the menu and ordered one of the 4 starters on the menu, a French fry with braised rib meat...they didn't have that, so we ordered the Brussels sprouts.  Next we ordered our meals, we both decided on the buttermilk fried chicken, only to be told that they didn't have any chicken.  My daughter then  ordered the shrimp and fries.  I ordered the chicken parmigiana.  Her order came out...very bland fries and a few shrimp.  She asked for cocktail sauce...they didn't have any, so she asked for ketchup...NO KETCHUP!!!! How do you have fries AND burgers on the menu and not have ketchup????? She finally had to ask what they had to dip the shrimp and fries in.  They offered her a watered down scirachi type sauce or marinara sauce.  At this point she didn't even care! Next came her sprouts... undercooked, greasy and inedible.  Her meal came out a good 15 minutes before mine.  Finally my chicken arrived.  I cut into it and it was raw!  Totally inedible!! We asked to speak to a manager.  The waiter hesitated, but after asking again, he finally went downstairs to find someone.  The manager apologized that they had a large party the evening before and didn't replenish their food supply!!!!  If that was the case, they should have closed for the evening.  When we told him that we were not paying for anything but the 4 shrimp and fries, he apologized again and said that he was going to report it to the "GM".  He presented us with a bill for the items mentioned above, however, any decent restaurant would have completely eliminated the bill!  It was a disgrace!!  What a shame because the place is really nice.  With all the wonderful places there are to eat in our neighborhood, they really need to regroup and fix the million and one problems they have or hire people who understand the restaurant business and can try to salvage this poor, poor excuse for a restaurant!I'm very supportive of local businesses & wish that SOMO flourishes, I have eaten at this location several times, the last few times it has gone from bad to worse, my wife & I had dinner last night and we were the first people upstairs, we ordered some apps then the main course, I ordered the Buttermilk Fried Chicken, after waiting almost 35 minutes our dinners came out, pictures don't lie, this was the most burnt chicken I have ever seen in my life, what makes this worse is that the chef gave the plate to the manager who then gave it to the server, where is the quality control, how on God's earth could you serve this to a customer, everyone saw, since I never return food, I tried to pull off the skin and eat the meat, it was so burnt that it was totally dried up and not edible. Please work with your staff and improve, I hate to see another failed business.Came here on a weeknight with a friend. Walked in right from work at 5:30. We were the only ones at the place at this time. When asked where we wanted to sit we chose upstairs because its more spacious and also all of the staff were just hanging around downstairs and it felt awkward. Once we sit we are then told only happy hour prices for apps and drinks can be given downstairs. I asked if this needed to be followed right now as we were the ONLY people here and what did it matter if we were up one flight of steps. Staff stuck to the weird happy hour rule. Move along to ordering drinks. This is the third time I have attempted to order one of the beers on the menu and every time I was told that it was not available. PLEASE update your beer menu and also it would be a good idea to have a separate beer/wine menu that you can change and update periodically that is not on the main menu. 
The appetizer did not come out first and though it was clearly not busy ; the appetizer did not come out until our sandwiches came out. One of the strong points here is that the food is good and the only reason I have really come back. 
Everyone was excited when this opened because the neighborhood could use a place with a good atmosphere for food and drinks. I have heard a lot of disappointing things when it first opened and thought the kinks would be resolved by now. A recommendation is to stop trying to make it something it's not. Both upstairs and downstairs should be treated as a bar casual restaurant type of place. I want this place to work but you are trying to upscale something that is not working.Giving this a 2 star experience solely because, well, it was. Walked into 3 girls chatting at the bar downstairs who all turned and stared awkwardly until I said "table for 2 please". I was given the option to sit at the empty high top tables downstairs. My husband asked if we can sit up on the patio and the girl behind the bar politely said sure and she'll meet us up there. 15 minutes later she came up with water and a couple menus. During our wait we decided to stay for only a mediocre app and a couple beers. We got 2 Stella's, which came 3/4 the way full and no foam, so no excuse. We also got the Lemon Garlic Wings. Wings were okay. Not much to choose from on the menu anyway. Cute spot, but not cute enough to come back again.Tried to go for brunch before 76ers matinee. Hours and menu indicate open for brunch at 10:30 on weekends. There at 11:15 locked up tight. Deliveries trying to be made having same issue. Bust!Really really bad service. Waited 20 minutes for our drink , didn't get what we ordered . Walked out to save our sanityGreat food great service great atmosphere. Will be back ! Bottomless mimosas were great and were definitely taken advantage of, definitely got our money's worth. Chicken and waffles were phenomenal.Hostess sat us upstairs and failed to mention that Happy Hour doesn't apply up there. Waiting nearly an hour for 3 appetizers. Waitress didn't once ask if we wanted a second round of drinks. Overall, awful experience. Couldn't be more disappointed if I tried.Omg. This is the worst. I went in to visit for my 1st time last week. It's a WINE BAR mind you and they had ONE wine available. This was a Friday around 8 pm. So I order hard liquor and food. As I'm waiting I observe a couple at the end of the bar eating and having conversations with the workers taking up their time and attention instead of allowing them to serve the paying customers. The man is  smacking and speaking loudly and the woman comes behind the bar licking her fingers and digs her hand in the ice holder to extract ice for her drink. GROSS. She then is asked by the bar tender who is dressed in a dirty hoodie to taste a customers drink because she doesn't think it's made correctly. She does. Right out of the glass which the bar tender proceeds to serve  directly to the customer. At this point I'm so grossed out I ask for my check and as I'm getting ready to leave I observe the man who was earlier smacking and eating at the end of the bar reprimanding a worker. Clearly this is a manager of some kind and let me just say this owner should be watching his bar for this type of behavior. The health dept was called and a complaint was filled. I actually have video of this occasion. I will never return. If I could give less than a 1 Star I would!!Hey James...sorry to track you down on Yelp.  I felt obligated to provide you with some news.  My wife and I have been frequenting Somo in South Philly since you opened.  We have been there a minimum of 25 times as well as additional times we came in for drinks only.  Our experience last night was like no other.  We were bragging to our friends on how good everything has been each time we have been there.  Unfortunately, we had an awful dining experience last night. I'm not sure what is going on with your culinary staff, but the team last night was not putting out quality dishes.  I can provide detail by detail, but I figured I would at least let you know what is happening at your South Philly location. I don't want to see your establishment lose its credibility because of issues with your chefs.  I know when Mouneer and Jasper where there, we never had a bad experience.  Tamar was exceptional last night and he should be commended for how he tried to make everything right.  Sorry for the rant, but I felt you needed to know.  Thanks for your time.If I could give this place no stars after the experience I had, I would. I've been to the restaurant at least 5 times and actually enjoyed it BUT we ordered from here on grub hub yesterday and I'm confident I will never eat here again. First, I ordered the octopus from the menu and it turns out that it isn't even a menu item anymore. They fixed that for us and we thought all was well. Once we got the food, the lobster Mac n cheese was oily and fishy, the fried chicken was undercooked and bloody, and the portions were 3 times smaller than the pictures. I contacted grub hub about issuing a refund and the restaurant declined to refund us after spending $90 on small portioned, fear factor food. To top it off, about 2 hours after eating it my boyfriend spent his time throwing up in the bathroom. Avoid salmonella and do not eat here.I'm sorry this place is not good. The waitstaff and hostess were very nice but management does not know how to how to hire good kitchen staff. Whoever the bartender was, he/she made good drinks but the dinner and desserts were terrible. This place will not make it in So Philly if their food does not quickly improve. My party ordered pasta dishes and 4 of us had to send them back. Not sure why they would have pasta on the menu if the "chef" does not know how to make  good pasta dishes...especially in So Philly.Their claim of "bottomless mimosas" is a lie and false advertising. After reading about this place in philly voice, a group of us decided to Uber all the way down to the stadiums area to check it out for Sunday brunch. After ordering appetizers and entrees, we stayed for a bit to finish watching the game. First they said we had to be eating to continue taking advantage of the bottomless mimosas (not written anywhere)... so then we said "sure" and ordered dessert... and then the manager came up with a big fat lie about being out of Prosecco. One of the passing staff even confirmed that it was a lie and said we should have pushed more because even they thought it was BS. Our server also said that he was just relaying a message from the manager and we could tell he felt bad. At that point we decided that maybe they actually didn't even want our business so we tipped our server (seemed like it was the managers fault not his) and left. If you're going to advertise something, you should honor the offer. It's the principle of the matter.Slow services. Came here before a Phillies game. Half priced appetizers are a great deal, but not when only half the appetizers are available. Half the beer on the menu was unavailable.We were there for apps and drinks before the J-Lo concert  5:30 sat evening.  made reservations. seated promptly.  placed our drink order and apps-45 mins later our drinks arrive.  ONE bartender on a sat night.  our waitress was so apologetic but no manager to be found.
the only bright spot was that the apps were amazing.I've now been here twice for dinner and can give an honest review. The location isn't ideal unless you live in South Philly, BUT it's only a short drive from the city. By far my favorite dish is the calamari which is so good. The breading is amazing and the jalapeños add something I didn't know was missing. The first time I went they only had enough for our order and the 2nd time they had ran out, but to be fair it was the end of the day and the kitchen was closing. The restaurant has a beautiful ambiance with an outside patio and a cute little lounge with a big screen as soon as you walk in. If you're looking for a chill spot outside of the city this is definitely the place. Overall their food is ok (the other dishes). I think their appetizers are better than the main dishes.The food is upscale bar food - burgers, wings, disco fries, calamari and happy hour prices are great. I love their brunch especially Chefs' biscuits and gravy. It has a nice vibe. When they first opened the service was slow and they were missing top shelf liquor. We thought we'd give it another try months later for brunch and  again thought the food was great but disappointed they were out of their biscuits in the middle of brunch service. 3rd time- service was better (week night so it was slow), food took awhile- pack your patience!. No desserts available ( which was disappointing since we took a friend to dinner for their birthday - we were told the Chef sent the desserts back? Again missing standard bar mixers. They don't quite seem to have it all together. Shame...it could be great if it were properly managed.