I went to get take out at the new Castor Avenue location. The service was good, I waited about 15-20 minutes. I got the crab with shrimp platter that comes with corn OR potato. I got the potato and added broccoli for an additional fee (only $2 extra) the food was just ok in my opinion. I wasn't a fan of that butter garlic sauce, it was too sweet and it didn't taste like real butter for some reason. It could just be their special recipe. I'll go again to support this black business and will stick to fried foods.Imma give this place 5 stars because the workers and owners spread positivity and good vibes. Very welcoming and polite ppl. I ordered the seafood fries and it was pretty good. The actual fries are top tier crispy, good amount of crab, shrimp was nice and plump. The creamy sauce was kinda underwhelming and overkill in my opinion, it needed some zing or spice. I asked for their garlic sauce and it amped up the flavors pretty well. A lot of ppl don't like their signature sauce, I personally think it could be better but for some reason I can't stop eating it. It's a combo of flavors that I'm not use to so I like it because it's "different"IF YOU HAVE A LARGE ORDER FOR AN IMPORTANT DAY STAY AWAY!!
The food is good but the customer service is horrible.  My husband ordered 17dozen of crabs- 11 hard shell and 6 sautéed with 2lbs of mussels, over $500. He pre-ordered them early afternoon on Friday, August 31 to be picked up on Sunday, September 2 at 7 PM and he left a  $300 deposit w/ a $40 tip. However,  when he and my brother went to pick them up on Sunday, September 2 he was told they needed 15 minutes and they will be ready. After 40 minutes they still were not ready and eventually he was given only four pans of crabs totaling six dozens of sautéed and six dozen of hard shell meaning there were 5 dozen still missing.  But he was told that was his complete order. So he proceeded to count out the crabs himself and only at that point did they acknowledge their error being five dozen short. And then they said they needed more time. Needless to say after waiting 1hr-15min, he got the crabs and they gave him a Styrofoam container of my 2 pounds of mussels which was wrapped tightly with plastic wrap.  When my husband finally got home after missing our daughter's surprise entrance that was to start at 8pm, we opened the Styrofoam container and found out we were given 2 pounds of shrimp and not mussels. Also many of the crabs were mushy. So the moral of the story is if you want to order large trays from them it's better for you to order their sauce which is fabulous but get your crabs from ShopRite and do it yourself. Their customer service was not very good,  they made us wait forever despite us having such a large order. It was like they would rather wait on the customers that had one or two platters versus our  six trays. You do the math!The best seafood  around! I've been going to this restaurant for months now. I turned all my south jersey friends on to this place.  The sauce is amazing!Came from California, Orange County. We love seafood where I'm from! Saw them online on Instagram then Timothy DeLaGhetto shared them too! I was set and ready to get a taste. THE LEMON BUTTER SAUCE WITH RANCH is AMAZING. Don't get it without it. We bought 3-5 trays and I'm still daydreaming about them. 
Will be back! Can't wait!Definitely hyped up. Last time i went the 'hostess' ignored us, and then once addressed, proceeded to tell us the wait would be thirty minutes and we could sit in our car until they called us. 
Good thing we left because we never got a call.AMAZING! I drive 40 mins just to eat here. Prices are a little high but it's worth it! Crab fries are like no other... crab legs are great too! The corn just puts the nice finishing touch on the entire meal. The service is always great, the lady at the counter is super friendly.. makes me feel right at home.I was in NYC on vacation from Cali. I drove 2 and a half hours in my rental car to Philly just to try the seafood fries! More than I expected and so worth it. The lady at the counter was beyond helpful and so nice. The other staff were also so kind. And the fries.... so much crabmeat and sauce is amazing. Word has it, they are coming to Los Angeles. Man I can't wait because Cali needs you guys. Much love and success. Thank you for the great experience. And constant feening lol.The food is delicious and the staff are amazing. New location is 3622 North 17th St. Philadelphia PA. Definitely worth the visit. I'll be visiting again real soonThe address is 3622 N 17th St Philadelphia, PA 19140 But they will be returning to the 1700 address once it's repaired. It's all about the TANG SPECIAL BABY!!Great customer service and sauce was GREAT!!! Crab legs a little over done, but generous portions.  Hopefully, they will add more seating in the future.  Will definitely be back.Loved this food and the service. It's a bit pricey but that comes with the seafood territory.After seeing this restaurant posted all over social media we decided to give it a try, needless to say this was our first and last time. The seafood fries were ok, the secret sauce that they use was way too over powering. My husband said the mussels were ok but the crab legs were overcooked.Food was decent.. the wait was long and it was a little dysfunctional once u got I side. I will say the plus is you get plenty of food. I would give them another try.. the prices are ok for seafood platters, so I wasn't surprised by the prices.SoulfedPhilly is the best trending food in Philly. With its popularity growing in the social media platform, I had to go see this place myself.  So, lets start with the bad.  The bad would have to be the current temporary space and how the waiting time to order and pickup is a bit lengthy.  The good/great/unique and must order is The SEAFOOD FRIES!!!.  Definitely going back to this place for more seafood fries and the wait is worth the meal.Delicious food and great drinks. I've tried the shrimp and crab meat and it's all deliCious. My favorite is the seafood fries which has a mayo base, plenty of crab meat sprinkled throughout and three jumbo shrimp placed on top. I've had the jackberry tea and it's GREAT! I'd highly recommend. There's plenty of space, the wait staff is friendly and the music was on point. Nicce hip vibe and very relaxed atmosphere.It was terrible! I went to the one on 17th and it was horrible. Shrimp barely cooked  still raw in some of them
. The sauce was ok. The seafood fries were great though.  The shorter dude who i think was the owner  had great customer service and the girl at the register was ok, she did her best.  I only gave it a 2 because i liked the Fries....everything was horrible, definitely need to fire every cook there . EwwwDrove an hour and a half because their hours stated they were open on Saturdays from 2PM to 8PM and I arrived at 4:30PM and they were closed. My review may change once I come back and try the food but for now it's a  sine star.Update I went for the second time and had a young lady by the name of "Sesly" I believe she was so sweet and fast even though it was pretty busy and caught up in the weeds if you go I highly recommended you request her as your server.Its a bit of a wait but totally worth it. Size proportions are more than expected. Support black businessesBeen following on ig for some time and was dying to try. Just to fight out that the seafood has a kinda mayo taste that maybe other peoples twist but I didn't likes it (this was become he had a restaurant) the seafood it's self was nice and meaty, juicy and worth the price.Very loud music, to the point you can't even hear the person next to you. This a restaurant not a club! If you going for the brunch specials you can't order one mimosa it has to be unlimited 30 dollars ? So if I ordered two that fifteen dollars per mimosa- not very rational . Also when I came the room was empty and I asked to be seated by the wall , but the hostess said no- so they do not accommodate your seating preferences. They didn't have the drinks that were on the menu because they were out of limes, then I guy comes by with a bag of limes !!! We were sitting at the table for 20 minutes, no water or the drinks we ordered. If the staff wasn't so busy dancing and talking then they could provide service to the customer. Also the food does not come on plates and there is silverware . Now With all that said the food is amazing ,so the suggestion is to order to go !Food is good. A little too much sauce for me. One of my biggest issues is that they don't clean their shrimp that come on their platters. They do clean the ones on their seafood fries, which are amazing btwWhew,
where shall I begin 
First of all I only wish they had an option of 10 stars because that's exactly what they deserve 
The young lady that took my order was smiling and friendly, (customer service) that's always a plus for me
The actual place is not much of a looker but it's comfortable.........
We immediately knew that we would order the seafood fries (battered fries topped with claw crab meat, 3 jumbo shrimp and a ranch old bay seasoning sauce, my husband said it was mayonnaise but I DONT eat mayo and never will soooooooo it definitely WAS NOT MAYO.
They were really good and definitely filling.
Then we ordered a whiting fish sandwich. I usually stay away from whiting fish because it's always previously frozen and you can tell because it tastes hard and nasty and that skin thing is always black and rubbery. Ewwww
But I trusted Soulfedphilly after looking at other yelp reviews and I ordered my own. Boy o boy I was pleasantly pleased to say that this had to be the BEST whiting sandwich i can remember having in a long time!!!
It was 2 big pieces of fish that was so meaty and thick and that black skin that I was talking about.....it was crunchy and GOOD
Don't think I'm being greedy but I could not leave without getting a cluster of crab legs with that sauce
When I say GOOD LORD
The lord definitely Blessed the hands that made them thangs because WOW!!!!
My whole experience was WONDERFUL 
I can't wait to return 
If you like Seafood you should definitely make this trip you will not be sorry. Trust Me 
I know Good foodIf your a seafoody then check out this place. The food here is Mmm mmm good!!!  Great atmosphere and great service from Kira P.Great food at a great price. I love shrimp a c boy did I get a lot. My cashier was nice and friendly and I can't wait for them to open up more locations !Greetings, I was referred by my Spiritual Sister Michelle Ratcliff, to try your new location at 6424 Castor Ave... I got the Snow Crab Legs & Mussels soooooo delicious!!!!!!I've been wanting to try their food for a while now. They're now in a bigger location on Castor ave. I went last Friday and ordered a number 9 which is 2 crab leg clusters, mussels, and shrimp with a choice of potatoes or corn and I also ordered seafood fries. It was a 15 minute wait for my food to come out. The seafood fries had 3 shrimp on the top and crab meat through out. There's a little spice to them (fries). There's a bunch of sauce on the number 9 it was a little sweet I couldn't catch the full taste of it, I just know it was good. Unfortunately I couldn't finish it all that night. I told my mother she could have some and came home from work and she took what was left of both my platters. My step father had the nerve to ask me where I got it from because it was so good. I will be going back for more and I won't be telling them.Everyone is raving about this spot on the internet my husband and I tried out the clusters with broccoli and potatoes the seafood is ok nothing extraordinary we have actually tasted way better places not the mention the broccoli was over cooked best place spot to us is uncles on broad stWent to Soulfed's take out location on a Saturday around 4PM.  There were about 4-5 people ahead of us waiting for food. We ordered #8, #13, and two orders of seafood fries. Waited about 20 mins for everything. 
First time trying Soulfed and it did not disappoint!! The dungenuss crab clusters were super meaty and fresh! The mussels and Alaskan crab also tasted fresh and delicious. The buttery garlic sauce is to die for!!! The garlic in the sauce is pickled, so so good! 
The seafood fries had a generous amount of crab meat piled on the fries and three jumbo shrimps to top it off. I loved dipping the seafood fries in the buttery garlic sauce!I eat from here all the time the food is always amazing the wait is terrible but the food is awesome. I have been going to him since he has been cooking out of his house. I hope he plans to open a bigger location and I cannot wait to dine in but the sauce, the fried food, the vegetables are all amazing.The food was not worth the money AT ALL and the service was BAD, the shrimp on the crab fries were not seasoned and they are the frozen cocktail shrimp! The mussels had no flavor at all! They were so expensive and you did not get a good portion of food. Just don't waste your time. I felt like I was robbed.I would've given a full 5 stars but my sausage was not included in my order when it was delivered, and I paid extra for the sausage. I always gave 4 stars because of the sauce. It was different but in a good way. A bit too salty for my taste but it was rather unique for classic seafood. I also didn't like that the shrimp were not cleaned (deveined) well. All in all I would order again. The platter was filled to the brim.Food was okay. Butter sauce lacked flavor. Menu was a lil to restricted for a bar/lounge type of setting. Bartender had zero customers but made me wait 10 minutes for a drink while she showed a friend her new tattoo.I was in town visiting and Soul Fed was on my "Yelp bucketlist" so I dragged myself over there. We rode over by love park and ate so it was piping hot but im certain it wouldve been hitting if it was hot. Either way I ate it all. My cousin had the same thing and didnt eat all her. Talkin about throw it away because she didnt wanna carry it back home. Chile i wish u would waste some food lol. And i managed not to have to wait in a long line. Placed the order as soon as i got there and waited bout 25 minutes and was out.
Also bring latex!!!! I didnt think of it before hand but once i started eating im like damn. Latex would be everything right now. Messy situation.The food was amazing but the wait and service was bad. It is very disorganized and unprofessional. Hopefully this is only because they just opened. I will try to go back in a few months to see if its improved because I really did enjoy the food.Hands down worth the drive from Columbus NJ to Philly PA....can't wait until they open their sit down this will be a favorite spot!Cracked crabs and trap music. YAAAASSSSS! I love this place. The sauce got that drip drip....OMG it's so good. Mix drinks made with henny too! Not enough good things to say about this place. You need to try itt!!! If not for the crabs, for the cultureIt was worth the hour wait. We went on a Sunday around 3:30. Great customer service. The only issue I had is that we weren't aware we can pick and choose sauces. They could have let us know. Food was great regardless. We were traveling back home on a 2 hour ride and the seafood fries lasted us the entire trip. It was that large of a portion.Great customer service but that is about it. I ordered the Alaskan crab legs, mussels and a seafood salad. Whatever is in the sauce to make it sweet over powers everything and it's not a great taste at all. I was very tempted to trash my food. I assumed it was a regular garlic and butter sauce but it's other ingredients added into it. Seafood salad was very bland. I don't think I will ever eat here again.First time having their food and it def stands up to what I've been hearing. Not sure what's in their special sauce but it was amazing. So happy they have a location in NE Philly located on Castor Ave. I purchased the crabs and shrimp combo, crabs w/ muscles and shrimp for my daughter and my sister got the pound of crabs with 2 sides which total to alittle over $100 which wasn't bad at all when u see how much food u get. And the cherry on top is that it's black owned!! Already have plans to eat in with a few friends next week.Soooooo where do i start??? Portion size...CHECK. Variety...CHECK. First let me start by saying, their garlic/butter sauce has a unique spin on it. It's more on the sweet/tangy side versus spicy Cajun. The food is good so if you're going on the evenings/weekends expect a wait and long line although the kitchen is very well staffed so the orders are produced quickly. My order was messed up before but upon notifying the owner it was quickly rectified. They now offer fried food which is a plus and their crab fries are AMAZING! I visit almost everyday for lunch and had everything from fries, to fish sandwich, to the shrimp, to the clusters. It's so hard choosing what to order because I want it all at once. LOL. Hopefully they think about adding "stuffed" selections and calamari soon.This place is far out but the food is great. We had the fish sandwich, seafood fries, crab clusters, mussels, shrimp and veggies. It was really good. The fries were out favorite. The sauce was delicious. It's pretty heavy so we probably will only go a few times a year but it was a great experience.Gross. Food looks appealing on social media but it's actually disgusting. Very creamy/soupy butter on the crab legs. Way too much butter, the crabs were literally swimming in it. The food wasn't hot so by the time i was half way through it wasn't appealing anymore. The sauce that they're "known for" didn't taste like anything. All I tasted was thick butter! Crabs were dry, maybe overcooked? I wouldn't come back. They also don't have a working phone number to call for questions.I give Soulfedphilly 3 stars.
The sauce is awesome but the shrimp are not deveined and the mussels are not cleaned well. I had a few hairy mussels.I really try to give black businesses as much of my business as I can but I think I need to cut ties with this place. I usually get a take out order not just because we are going through a pandemic but because I'm not trying to eat crabs in front of people. I was really craving crabs this past Sunday but was concerned because I knew that indoor dining had resumed in Philly. I figured that it should be OK because I usually use the side door away from the dining. For some reason this place decided to lock that door and make carry out walk through the crowd that was in their dining. When I say it was bumper-to-bumper, shoulder to shoulder I am not exaggerating. I am disgusted. The waitresses looked disgusted. When I finally got my food I asked them if I could leave at the side door they told me no. I had to walk past all those people I just walked through to get in. I almost passed out. Being Claustrophobic this was not an ideal situation for myself or anyone. Shame on y'all for allowing this. I know that you guys lost money during the pandemic but To just ignore guidelines and have people who don't want to dine in walk through a crowd was a miss on y'all end. I won't be returning.Shrimp batter was too dark. And the shrimp was spice. Not good for my first time takeout. Will not be re visitingFood is always great and although very busy service is okay. Order the seafood fries. But prepare to have sauce everywhere lol.So got there prob around 9:30ish ... line was long but nothing too ridiculous, and I've been hearing about this place for a while so expected for it to be crowded. Surprisingly it was organized.. stood in line, order your food.. the cashier gave you a number and told you how long the wait would be( and my wait was just that ..about 30 min).. they call your number and you be on your way! No issues no problems
The food.... not that impressed, I ordered the crab legs,shrimp and mussels, w/ broccoli and corn. The best thing on my plate was the corn... the shrimp was over cooked the broccoli was under cooked.. and the sauce.. what is it? Fake butter.. idk I don't like it's too sweet or tangy, possibly the garlic it look like I had a whole minced garlic jar in my platter (and I love garlic) but this was toooooooo much. Idk what's in the sauce but it over powers the actual taste of the seafood. I mean I've tried it .. not my cup of tea ‍I always support black owned businesses and I'm a huge fan of Soulfed !!! But this time I was very disappointed I spent 200.00 dollars and the crabs was old, shrimp was over cooked, corn on the cob was way too soft, the broccoli was so overcooked and mussels were smushy. I order from Soulfed at least a few times out the month at the North Philly location and never had this issue. I think maybe because we on on quarantine due to Covid19 the cooks just don't care and was rushing and this northeast location not it!  I did not have a good experience.  But overall I would say go to the north Philly location because they have some very good seafood there.If you like sweet and hot it a combination more power to you. Whatever that sauce is ,,,  lmk lMy sister had previously visited and kept raving about the crab fries and seafood.   She sent me a pic and Instagram link.  I had to check it out for myself and let me say it lived up to the hype.  Our server Bree was super sweet and attentive.   She made sure we had everything we needed.   The crab fries were so good!!  We then ordered a platter of shrimp and snow crab legs with corn and broccoli.  Itv was so delicious!  I definitely recommend this place!I came to support but probably should have left. We came in and were greeted no problem. Then we were seated at one table, then asked to move to a different table and 20min after that once our drink order was taken we were told to move again...to the back, with no TV, stuck in the corner with loud, blaring music. I'm all for ambiance but Megan Thee Stallion blasting in my ears destroyed it. So our waitress wasnt told that we were moved and she brings out half our order. Fried 1/2 dozen shrimp for me and my friends fries and broccoli. It wouldn't have been so bad if the rest came out shortly after but nope. 10min later more broccoli. Did I mention they only gave me 5 shrimp instead of 6? Well I mentioned it to the waitress and it was corrected but now I have shrimp and no dipping sauce. It's getting worse because my friend still doesnt have all of her food. 25min after she has fries and broccoli, here comes her chicken. Well isnt that grand. Cold fries, hot chicken, sugary broccoli and some sauce that is tangy and bitter. As much as I went out of my way to support, this place definitely disappointed me and I wont return!6424 Castor Ave location, recently opened. I met a friend here for dinner and we shared the crab and shrimp platter. It's 1lb of crab legs, 1lb of peel and eat shrimp, then your choice of either corn on the cob or potatoes for $35. Tons of food for just one person, so we were definitely able to split it between both of us and still be full. Staff was amazing, attentive, super friendly. Picture speaks for itself--food was sinfully good! Do not sleep on this place!Enjoy the entire night overall. We waited about 20 minutes for a table, but was able to grab some drinks at the bar while we wait. We were seated and greeted fairly quickly and was given  water while we looked over the menu.   The food came out fresh and hot.  Their alcoholic beverages are really good and strong.  They even have free Wi-Fi and plenty of parking in the area. The staff was completely amazing, not one grumpy person working at allThis place is literally awesome and delicious! The food tasted fresh, and flavorful!! I love their sauces!!Went there looking for the address listed and found out they have a temp location because the last one had a fire.
Thanks to their Instagram page we were able to find the temp location and get what we have been looking to get.
Lady taking orders was really nice, friendly and helpful understanding that this was out first time. 
I ordered 2 number 9's and my husband ordered the seafood fries. 
Over all very happy. This is a family owned business and much more support coming their way.Nasty nasty nasty...too much garlic and throws the taste off. Had I known they over did it with the garlic, I would've told them not to add so much. I will say, they do give you a lot of shrimp and crabs; however, not worth it if the sauce is sweet and overpowered with garlicGross. Food looks appealing on social media but it's actually disgusting. Very creamy/soupy butter on the crab legs. Way too much butter, the crabs were literally swimming in it. The food wasn't hot so by the time i was half way through it wasn't appealing anymore. The sauce that they're "known for" didn't taste like anything. All I tasted was thick butter! Crabs were dry, maybe overco I wouldn't come back. They also don't have a working phone number to call for questions.It's okay seafood  they changed the recipe of the sauce and it just doesn't taste that good. I got the #5 like I usually get. I think it could've just been that night tho.Visited philly two weeks back and enjoyed some seafood at Soulfed Philly. Food was fantastic. Seafood fries, crab legs and mussels all goodIve been to Soulfed several times...Ive had some great meals there and some not so good meals there and that's why I can't give them any higher than 3 stars they are inconsistent. I was so excited to support a black owned business but because I've had some meals there that lacked seasoning, the customer service was just ok, and they are not responsive to messages and calls from customers I have to give 3 stars. I've had the shrimp and crab leg platter, seafood fries, and tang special. I've tried the OG sauce...when its good it's great but depending on the cook for the day it can taste like bland oil. I've also had the Bag sauce which sometimes is flavorful but other times is inedible because its too spicy, the waitress told me the flavor depends on who makes it. Im just disappointed because I paid $40 for one meal just for me and I feel this place is too expensive to be inconsistentI ordered the seafood combo with garlic butter sauce and it wasn't bad. I did not like that it was huge potatoes in my seafood boil. Would have liked them smaller. My husband got the hot flavor and it said it was really salty. Not sure if I would go backFood was amazing. I had the crab fries and fried whiting. Staff was very nice. I would certainly go back and I also recommend.My husband grabbed platters from here for dinner as a surprise for me and I was sadly disappointed.  The sauce is way to thick. I actually prefer garlic butter so that I can at least taste my seafood.  I couldn't even taste the delicate taste of seafood that I craved for.  The sauce had a kick to it, which is okay but it also had a slight sweet taste that I didn't care for.  We got muscles, shrimp and Alaskan for about $30. I wouldn't mind the price, but the Alaskans were the baby crab legs you see in the market when they offer you three sizes to choose from.  Come on, this is seafood...at least go grande!  I'll stick to my butter garlic sauce. Maybe you can offer that too and upgrade your crab leg sizes and then you might be on to something.  Best of luck to this business.6424 Castor Ave, Phila., Pa... Great seafood in Northeast Philadelphia! This location has only been opened for a week so they still have a few minor kinks to get out. And I believe wholeheartedly they're going to be very successful. Besides the food, what was a pleasure was the interaction between the workers. They seem to have a genuine respect and love for each other. You don't see that too often in the restaurant business. The dining area, bathroom, bar and outside were all very clean. 
I ordered the crab legs/peel and eat shrimp combo with corn on the cob. My daughter ordered crab legs/mussels, peel and eat shrimp. I also ordered seafood fries and a fried seafood platter to take home. Delicious! All I can say is Delicious! I truly enjoyed my meal. My only suggestions would be for my food not to be drenched in the signature sauce. It wasn't bad but I know the next time, I would tell the cook that I only want light sauce. I enjoyed a coke soda with my meal. I just wished there were free refills on the non-alcoholic beverages. My soda was served in a small plastic cup. 
Anyway, Soulfedphilly is definitely a "hit" in Northeast Philly. The food was great! The atmosphere was great! Parking was great! Very clean! I see where it seems that they'll have a rear patio for seating soon! Very friendly and professional staff! I would definitely recommend and I will definitely patronize this establishment again. 
My bonus is that I can walk them from my house!I really love the new place! It's spacious and clean. The bar is cool too and the drinks were VERY strong lol I had to add another whole cup of cranberry juice to mine lol. The food had a pretty good flavor also. My husband and I had the king crab legs which were great! My only issue is that they poured what seemed like an entire bottle of fake butter in our platter! My stomach is still hurting from it. If I go back, I'll probably just order the fried shrimp. Oh and we waited over an hour and a half before we got seated at a table. Not a bad experience at all, thoughFood is great!, but they only have 1 number n it takes forever to get through due to high volume. Also the customer service could really use some work. Workers are not the friendliest or professional.Hands down one of the best seafood places in Philly! soulfedphilly is totally worth all the money! I had the #6 platter (2 clusters and shrimp 9oz) and the seafood fries. Most places that I've gone to has the few sprinkles of crab meat on their "crab fries" but soulfed packed on the crab and shrimp! The sauce is addicting, we did not want to waste one drop of it! We will definitely be back!!Pretty good.  Shared two orders of fries for lunch with husband and daughter. Fries were a bit too done.  I think a softer texture would have set it off.  The jumbo shrimp were not seasoned, but still fresh.  We will try other items in the future. The place is solid. Very courteous and CLEAN!!!!!   Visit you will like it.Been here twice once at the original location and once at the new lounge.  Similarities: Sauce, was the same both times.  I can't put my finger on it but something is oddly off about the butter that gives it a sweet unpleasant taste.   Quantity, both times I received large portions.  Now here is where the differences come in and I mean they are different.  Service, the original location had amazing service with the food presented appropriately for a take out restaurant.  We ordered one of the large trays with 8 Dungeness crabs and 1lb of shrimp and 1lb of mussels.  Everything was wrapped tightly in an aluminum pan and made it easy for my family and I to share.  Service at the lounge much different, the idea that my food at a sit down restaurant is being served in styrofoam containers is still a reach.  My friend and I ordered a few things to share and found ourselves shifting containers back and forth across the table .  The food and weird butter became cold very quickly although it came out from the kitchen in ideal time.  The young man making the drinks seemed confused when we ask for ice like it was a foreign concept.  I guess he only specialized in their signature drinks.  Overall I am proud of these young people for starting something unique I think a little more time cultivating their idea will get their star rating up.  Last piece of advice,  deliver what you advertise.  We came into the lounge during an Eagles game as the Instagram page stated they would be running a special for $60 the server was clueless and one of the managers finally said it didn't start yet????? Did it ever start?I just love Soulfed. Unfortunately I have to drive 55 mins just to get here so I can't have it as often as I would like but I promise you will not be disappointed. Make sure you try the seafood friesThe food here is AMAZING, however the service is horrible. I came here with my sister and we both got tang specials, it was also happy hour and my sister ordered a Long Island when we ordered our food. The Long Island didn't come out until we were almost done our food. When we walked in there was only 4 tables so it wasn't busy, it did get busier as the night went on but waiting 40 minutes for a Long Island is redic. If you go here I would skip the drinks and just get the food. Also they have special platters but it doesn't say on the menu what's in the platter so you have to wait for the server to tell you which can take time if it's busy. But like I said the food is AMAZING so we will definitely be coming back, the tang special had seafood fries (shrimp, crabmeat, and a ranch sauce) fried whiting and fried shrimp.The food here is amazing. Full of flavor and definitely worth the price. I would definitely recommend sharing if you order crab legs and shrimp because the portion is more than generous. My friend and I ordered the seafood fries and they were tasty and hearty. 
Multiple times throughout my meal I had different serves ask me if I need anything and how was I enjoying the meal. This was greatly appreciated. I would definitely come back here when in the area.Food was great. I got the crab leg and mussel platter with OG sauce. Perfect seasoning and portioning. Be prepared to wait atleast an hour for your food due to popularity and also phone lines can be tied up so don't be on your way until you get through.One of my go to spots when I'm in Philly and wanna get a good drink w something to snack on. I like the seafood fries and you can order that with or without shrimp. Their wings are really good as well and they have different sauce options for that. Make sure you go when the bartender Asia is there as her drinks are always flavorful and she gives you a nice pour.The food was amazing! But unfortunately the service was extremely slow; it took at least 15 mins for our server to acknowledge us, and then another 10 mins to receive our drinks. I would've given it five stars, but again the service was slowThis was my 2nd time visiting this  soulfed. I don't even live in Pennsylvania. I came back for the food because it truly is delicious. The staff is trash! They do not care about customer service at all. Today, we walked in and when they sat us down, no one came to our table. We watched them look at us the whole time but no one bothered to even bring us water. We sat there's for 15 minutes unattended. It wasn't busy or close to closing, just lack of customer service! As we left, no one bothered to stop us. WE MET THE OWNER LAST TIME I CAME INTO TOWN AND HAD A GREAT EXPERIENCE! HE SPOKE TO US ABOUT EXPANSION! Today was unbelievable.Amazing FOOD & SERVICE! 
They deserve all the hype!!! Check them out if you ever in the area... You will not be disappointed‼Insanely good seafood with a unique twist on some classic dishes. Ignore the haters on here because this place is amazing. I live about 90 minutes outside Philly and after coming here I would make the drive in just to come here.
Staff was also super friendly and answered our questions. You can tell they love the food they're making and are passionate about every item that leaves here.