The GF bagels were decent but frozen. I rec that they get a different toaster to use for people with gluten allergies.Highly recommend this breath of FRESH bagel air, no pun intended. Noticeable difference with respect to how fresh the bagels are here. Also really liked the unique flavors. There are also about 20 cream cheeses to choose from.Searching for a good bagel is tough.  Philadelphia makes that search even harder.  South Street Philly Bagels is the only strictly bagel shop I can think of and they do a pretty good job at it...for Philly bagels.  I appreciate the varieties which include a peanut butter bagel and a sun dried tomato bagel, and the bagel accessories section which includes like 10 different flavored cream cheeses, hummus, veggies, eggs, etc.  I even frequent this shop at least twice a month BUT, honestly, I don't think they're fantastic by any means.  The flavors are all there, but I find their bagels to be too chewy, and kind of hard to get down - like a sponge or something (if that makes any sense).  I'm giving this review 3 stars because I still think they're better than anything else you can get around here and they're fun to eat on a hungover sunday, sitting on the corner of south st. while you people watch, but save your carb-fest for when you take a trip up to NY.Seriously if you give this place less than five stars you should get your head checked out.  Bagels are awesome, toppings are awesome, workers are friendly.  My go-to order is an everything bagel with veggie cream cheese and a slice of tomato.  I actually will wake up super early some days are get a craving for one of these bagels and MUST HAVE BAGEL RIGHT NOW.  I have called them at 5am to see if they are open yet (if i recall correctly I had to wait an hour) but I did, because they are that awesome.I don't know that I would exactly call myself a bagel connoiseur, however having grown up in North Jersey I do have this thing called "standards" when it comes to this doughy baked good. Philadelphia has failed to impress me time and time again with this place and that place and friends saying "you have to try the bagel here" only to have lofty expectations quickly deflated by being introduced to nothing more than a roll with a whole in it. 
Then there was South Street Philly Bagels and though it's not the bagel of my hometown, it is the closest in the area and conveniently located just a stones throw from my apartment. Old standy varieties of onion, garlic, salt, poppy, sesame, plain, and everything are met with new varities ranging from french toast to veggie. The toppings are many and varied that it seems the combinations of eggy sandwiches, schmears, and salmony fishes is endless. As a smoked salmon lover, it brings me much joy to introduce you all to their latest menu addition....a pastrami lox; if you are a lover of the lox, get on it and thank me later.
Prices are great, a toasted bagel with butter rings in at $1.50 while sandwiches and more complex orders top out around the $5-6 mark depending on contents. You can now order through Seamless if you don't want to wait in-house, but for me personally I think half the experience of starting your morning off with a bagel is being able to enjoy the steamy air and intoxicating aromas of these almost-but-not-quite hometown treats.Delicious, fresh bagels!
My boyfriend has been stopping in here every Saturday morning to pick up a fresh dozen.  Love them!  Stick half in the freezer and toast them whenever you're ready later in the week - they taste just as good as they did on Saturday morning when they were hot and fresh.  So many flavors to choose from, and lots of yummy tubs of cream cheese to take home, too!There are many things you shouldn't do while driving. Talking on a cell phone, texting, sexting, emailing, reading, applying makeup, but I'm still unclear on whether eating while driving is okay or not. Either way, I'm a pro at it and it's probably my #2 hobby in this world. My favorite thing to eat while driving is a novelty size slice of pizza from Lorenzo & Sons, but on Saturday morning I opted for a bagel from South Street. I've always wanted to go here but never made it until last week. I love bagels and it's hard to find somewhere with a good variety of both bagels and spreads. I also like that it's not a chain - Manhattan and Bruegger's are OKAY but it's just not the same. So I dropped in and ordered a garlic bagel with lox spread and tomato. This combination is the ultimate bagel combination, in my opinion, short of a garlic bagel with actual lox, scallion cream cheese, and tomato. I also had a Diet Pepsi. 
I got back in my car to make the trek down to Target and between 3rd & South Street and Target off of Columbus Blvd, I ate the whole thing. There was traffic, okay. The layer of lox spread was very generous, the tomato was juicy but not wet, and the bagel was top notch. My breath was also top notch afterwards and there are toasted garlic crumbs in the console of my Saturn now, but I'm okay with it. South Street has a long list of bagels and spreads, including classics, some low fat options, hummus, and my darling lox spread. I love places like this and I think I'll make it a destination on my weekly weekend errands.
Oh, and while I was waiting for my bagel to come up, the two guys in front of me were discussing what lox is. "Do you know what lox is? I don't know, ask him, I bet he knows what lox is. Dude, do you know what lox is?" Their friend was like, "yeah, it's an onion." In unison - "OHHHHHH". Then they left. Awesome.Our go-to bagel place. Always ordered the same things: everything bagel with blueberry cream cheese and egg bagel with spicy artichoke + jalape単o cream cheese. I think their prices are fair and their service is good. Definitely recommend!I love hot bagels but they always mess up a simple order. Always. My mom and I get the same thing every time and someone always misses and ingredient or adds on an ingredient one of us didn't ask for. It annoys us and makes us not want to patronize there business because it's simple. Today i waited 20 minutes for two bagels on top of it.I'm no connoisseur, but this was one of the best bagels I've ever had. Just the right chewiness on the outside, and a tasty (and generous) walnut cream cheese spread on the inside. A humble little shop just off South St - perfect for grabbing a bagel for the road.HOT BAGELS! Worth waking up 10 minutes early to grab before work... that is what I'll be doing tomorrow.What happened to this place?! Recently, I went back TWICE (everything deserves a second chance!) after about a year hiatus and I am SO disappointed. I've always enjoyed picking up, sitting on a bench nearby, and indulging, while enjoying the great neighborhood vibes, but I literally could not do this the past two times. I was disheartened by the service (whereas before I would have said they were exceptional) and my orders were wrong, both times. The worst part, the bagel/lox/hopeful goodness concoction I ordered, was as most subpar. Sad to see an old favorite change this way :(The bagels here are delicious, as are the breakfast sandwiches. I usually get the sesame seed bagel with scallion cream cheese. So good. Although they do really lob on the cream cheese. I always have to take a knife and scrape some off. The breakfast sandwiches are neat (I loathe a messy breakfast sandwich) and very tasty. On weekends it does get crowded and on the steamy side. This places also takes debit/credit cards, which is a plus when you spent all of your money drinking the night before, can't find an ATM and all you want is something to eat to make you feel less hungover.**Tofu-Cream Cheese Options Available!!!**
I was super pressed for time and normally I go to another cafe for my bagels because they have more vegan options but today I went to South Street because of its location. 
I thought I was going to get the hummus but to my surprise that had tofu cream cheese options! Excited that I can now make this my go-to option. 
Ordered the Veggie Sammie on everything. I find it hard for bagel places to generally differentiate themselves or stand out but somehow South Street did it! The bagel was delicious. I think it was their combination of pickles and capers that provided the right flavor combo to have me say out loud, "yum."
Another plus is they take credit cards ($5 minimum) but a nice differentiator in the area.
Only feedback I'd give is to advertise or add tofu cream cheese to their main menu (it was only on a little sign up front) and to make their bagels just a smidge bigger. It was just a tad smaller than I would've liked - but that could also be a curse of it tasting so goodFantastic whole wheat everything bagels that are delicious with the scallion cream cheese.  The bagels are fresh and have a great, crispy, flavorful shell and soft interior.  They also have a lot of different cream cheese spreads so the combinations are endless.  Get there early on weekends because it can get crowded.When I lived a half a block away from this little joint, I was in here an average of once a day.  And I miss it, I really do.  My favorite thing about it is the customization factor -- there are so many choices and combos you can make from the bagel, cream cheese, and topping selections that there's sure to be something for everyone.  After experimenting, my all-time fav ended up being spinach florentine cream cheese on a whole wheat everything bagel with lettuce, tomato, and cucumbers.  Ahh...I can taste it now....
HOWEVER:
The manager / owner may or may not have a screw loose, and the rumors are true -- he WILL hit on your fine ass unmercifully.  It got to the point that I would not stop in this place unless I was sufficiently unshowered and hangover drunk-faced from the night before.  Granted, he still talked my ear off, but less...um...creeptastically.
A word on the rest of the staff?  I'm fully aware that these kids must make a hot $7 an hour at best, but really, this crew might possibly have lowered my own IQ a few points, just by sheer proximity.  The blank stares, coupled with the de rigueur 5+ repetitions it takes to get each order (possibly, hopefully) correct left me wondering if there was something in the water over there... (Not to paint with too broad a brush though, as there is one young lady that seems to know what the hell is going on, and is just as frustrated with the rest of the staff as the customers are.)
Basically, if you're headed here for the ambiance or the winning customer service, you're pretty much S.O.L., but for a crazy selection of bagel & spread varieties, and a damn good hangover-cure sandwich, look no further.The bagels are amazing. The coffee is not good. The bagels are good after long years of hard work. They genuine people who work hard to make thing happen. Not just good marketer that buy somebody product and claim that they are great.My trusty yelp app lead me here when I was in the area and craving a breakfast sandwich. I went with egg & cheese on an everything bagel.
Pros:
Fresh, soft bagels with just the right amount of chewiness. 
Lots of bagel variety
Quick and friendly service despite the fairly long line at the counter
Reasonably priced
Cons:
Everything bagel was a little too salty 
Limited seating (a counter along the front window that seats 3 or 4 people) - basically a take-out placeThe bagels are okay, but I was expecting NY style. In fact the cashier said they were such, but really seem more Montreal style. Purchased the bulk cream cheese, which looks like it was peeled from a foil brick of Philadelphia cream cheese and plopped into a round container for resale.Had a bagel from here for the first time today! I was so hungry that I did not stop to take a picture...lol. I had the veggie bagel with egg and ham. All I can say is yum yum yum!!! Bagel was nice and soft (don't like toasted bagels...I'm a weirdo like that...lol). I've never had a veggie bagel so I was a little apprehensive but it did not disappoint my taste buds!!! Very good, friendly, and fast spot!Moving here to the East Coast over 4 years ago, I quickly learned how much of a big deal bagels are here.I've tried them in New Jersey and New York, and witnessed the wonders of bagels. I soon realized how difficult it is to find good bagels in Philly. Well, I'm so glad to have found this place! I don't want bagels often, but when I do, this place definitely hits the spot. I
South Street Bagels does a great job of making my favorite--"everything bagel."  My personal favorite is the Lox special. It's probably the most expensive thing on the menu there ($8.95), but definitely worth it. The capers are a must-have with this. The cream cheese is tasty and the Lox tasted pretty fresh.
The sesame bagel with cream cheese and jelly was good as well. They have a variety of toppings and you can just pick and choose what you want on it. 
The service was good and quick. It's a small place, so no where to really sit, but it's a cute place with culture like a lot of small shops in south Philly. Will definitely be back!Toss up between here and Knead Bagels with edge going to South Street due to more choices on types of bagel. Cream cheeses are varied at both. Great lox/gravlox at South Street.Best bagels in the city, love their everything with salmon spread.  Prices are fair and everything is made super fresh.  No need to toast it because they're that fresh.
Skip the coffee there and trek across town to La Colombe. 
Oh, there is nowhere to sit as well!Ordered and not surprisingly received the wrong order. I know that bagel and lox would be difficult for a bagel place to pull off correctly. 45 minutes later I received a refund. Nothing like ordering a bagel, getting the wrong order, having to call 3 people, wait, then not eat the wrong order. I'd like to add that I ordered an actual plain old menu item, drove away, get home, find the incorrect item and then have to like argue with them about this. I didn't even modify it. They just put the wrong order in the bag and made it my problem.Less reviews that I'd imagined. Probably because this is for the locals.
Really delicious bagels. Cream cheese is great too.
I had a special called the Joaquin Phoenix and it delivered. Delicious bacon and salmon with jalape単o cream cheese. 
Highly recommended for breakfast.You don't know a good bagel sandwich until you have been here.
I'm a fan of any nova lox sandwich. Spicy artichoke cream cheese is awesome.You can get a decent bagel at South Street Bagels. They don't skimp you on the cream cheese and the bagels themselves are a good size and fluffy. My everything bagel was a bit too salty for my liking, but that was solved by knocking some flakes off. In the Philly bagel game, South Street is average. Their bagels are better than Spread, but not as good as Knead.Western club bagel and an egg, bacon & cheese bagel. Both on egg bagels. Very good. Fresh and the bagels made here.Darn it South Street Philly Bagels.  Why'd you have to go and be so tasty? 
I get bagels from here entirely more often than can be considered acceptable. I love all their bagels but I tend to go for: whole wheat with vegetable cream cheese, vegetable with lox cream cheese, or cinnamon bagel with apple raisin cream cheese. mmmm.
They also have pizza bagels which make me super happy.
Because they open at 630am I can even get there before work, win!I am so happy I moved close by. They have cool flavored cream cheeses and a wide variety of bagel flavors. I am a sucker for a salt bagel too. They make everything in-house which I always appreciate. Everyone there looks actually happy to serve you. I havent tried a sandwich here (other than a breakfast one) but I cant imagine they would be bad.We moved from Brooklyn a year ago and I was worried we wouldn't find a bagel store that even remotely held a candle to the amazing bagels of Brooklyn.  We were so pleasantly surprised to find South St Bagels that brought us back to the days of a great bagel shop on every corner.  This shop has quickly become one of my favorite places to go in the neighborhood. The staff is friendly and quick, and most importantly the bagels are amazing.   As far as good bagels go, they are the only game in town.Sometimes you just want a good breakfast sandwich... This is where you will get that. My boyfriend and I are regulars here. They often have lines but they are really quick and the couple minute wait is SO worth it. My favorite is the whole wheat everything bagel with bacon, egg and cheese. TO DIE FOR!The bagels are good but the line situation leaves me wondering WTF is wrong with these owners. You walk in and you never know where to go. My first bagel experience was a few weeks back for a take out dozen order. They were decent , not amazing but i was craving an egg and cheese on a lazy sunday morning, same cray ass line situation this time i waited for an eternity for my sammy not a good way to start the day. A DD style egg round came on my sandwich( no salt no pepper ) i mean even Manhattan Bagel fries their eggs up on a griddle. I was annoyed and not even close to being satisfied, even though its in my hood ill probably skip it.I got the BBQ lox with goat cheese and tomato on 'whole wheat everything' bagel. Definitely one of the best bagels I have ever had. Absolutely delicious!
The only downside to this place is the lack of proper seating. It gets overwhelmingly congested inside.I will start this review by saying that these are the best bagels in Philly, and the closest you'll come to finding NY and NJ style bagels.  Nice variety of bagels and spreads and you have a good chance of getting still-warm bagels most of the time.  They get their lox from Cherry Hill, so you know it's the real deal.  The bagels are made the right way, too - boiled - and are the way to go if you're craving bagels in the City of Brotherly Love.
Points lost because they do not fry their own eggs for egg sandwiches.  Having worked in a bagel shop before, I can honestly say it takes the same amount of time (or less) to fry an egg on a grill and slap it on a bagel than to heat up those godforsaken frozen egg rounds - and it tastes way better.  Next time I go I may ask them to actually cook an egg for me.  We'll see how that goes.
Also, too much salt on the everything bagels.  Everything bagels are supposed to be about the seeds and the garlic/onion.  Salt has no business there.  And this is Philly; if you want salt on bread, go get a soft pretzel.
You can expect a line and a short wait here, but that's nothing unusual for real bagel shops.  There are large ovens constantly in operation so it will be hot as Hades in summer and nice and toasty in winter.  The staff is friendly but busy.  Don't mistake this for rudeness; a breakfast or lunch rush at a bagel shop is nothing to sneeze at.
Overall, if I lived closer to this place I would probably go more.  For right now, it's worth a long walk or a bike ride every 6 to 8 weeks, when the bagel craving becomes too intense to bear.I eat A LOT of Everything bagels. And I think that South Street Philly Bagels makes my favorite one in the city so far. The veggie cream cheese is delicious, too!Great Bagels, wheat everything with spinach cream cheese is amazing! 
Cashier ok, guy toasting bagels this morning great personality:-)
Maybe it will rub off on this  'no reason to be cranky' young lady:-)!I'm a big everything bagel fan and the best part about this place is they put the seasonings on both sides of the bagel, instead of just the top. Their sausage egg and cheese sandwiches are delicious. I wish it was less than like $4 for a sandwich though. Not that it's crazy expensive because it's not, but I'd eat there more often if it was a little less.Mediocre bagels at best. I got the bacon egg and cheese on a jalape単o cheddar bagel. I asked if it came toasted and the woman at the counter responded, rather rudely, that it didn't and you had to ask for that. When I asked her what the difference was between whitefish salad and lox, and which was better, she said "I don't know, why're just different" with an attitude. 
The bagel wasn't toasted at all, rather heated up, and was really soft and mushy. Maybe it's a matter of preference, but I like hard bagels, not bagels like soft bread. The saving grace were the fillings. Lots of bacon, egg, and cheese. They also add pepper to the egg. 
I won't be back anytime soon. So many better places that treat you nicer.These bagels are very very very good when they are fresh. Best in the city most likely. As the day progresses they lose their allure fairly quickly, but are still good, just not like they were. 
The bacon/sausage egg and cheeses are pretty damn tasty and affordable. I usually go with an everything bagel for these. 
I noticed they had a french toast bagel when I was in there this morning. May have to see what that's all about next time. 
One negative of note. I did call ahead and they said 10 mins. It took me around 10 to get there and the order still took another like 7 to complete. I think they made some other peoples stuff that were in the place before making mine even though I called ahead. Guess they're not super into phone orders.There are some things you need to know before you go to South Street Philly Bagels..
1. You will wait in a single file line and feel awkwardly close to the people both in front of you, and behind you.
2. It is at times uncomfortably hot in there. WARNING: If you are hungover your barf reflexes will be challenged.
3. If you are a female and somewhat good looking the manager/owner WILL hit on you. Trust me, this guy has no shame. You will catch him looking down your shirt, he will see that he's been caught, and he won't even look away. The guy knows no shame..
4. The staff is a few flavors short of an everything bagel. Be prepared to repeat your order and monitor their every move to make sure you leave with what you came for.
5. You will be presented with a lot of options - TONS of bagel and cream cheese flavors. Again, if you are hungover, this might be the most difficult part of your day.
6. They make one batch of coffee each day... that's it! So if you stumble in there at 11 looking for a cup - be warned that it has been sitting there since the sun came up. Don't fear - there is a Starbuck's on 4th and South.
And finally....
7. This place is awesome! I recently went on a search for the perfect breakfast sandwich, and this place takes the prize... HANDS DOWN! My favorite is the sausage, egg, and cheese on a whole wheat everything bagel. DELICIOUS! The end result is definitely worth the hot, awkward, sexually harassing wait!Where else are you gonna find a french toast bagel complete with powdered sugar and maple syrup?  Places like these make me happy.Top notch bagels, lox, and other bagel sandwiches. Great place for a hangover bagel and cup of fresh brewed joe. If the line is a little long, and it normally is on the weekend, don't worry, it moves quickly.Seven years in Philly and I finally found the best bagel place. I am not sure why more people don't know about this place-- or rather, why my friends have not gushed about this place to me until just very recently (two days ago). I love bagel places that have a lot of variety (i.e. more than the selection you'd find at Dunkin Donuts) and that goes for the cream cheeses too. I had a cinnamon sugar bagel with apple and raisin cream cheese and I was over-delighted. I think I ate the entire bagel in three minutes saying "mmm mmm mmmmm" the whole 3 minutes. I grew in North Jersey so I'm overly picky about my bagels. The snobbiest thing I do is choke down a frozen bagel. You will NOT be disappointed in the selection here. Obviously there is a line in a very small place... but the workers move fast and try to be as efficient as possible. I also had the cheddar horseradish cream cheese on a salt bagel and ... still 5 stars. Bagel me!South Street Bagels could claim to be a spa... 
Upon walking into the door the temperature raises about 20 degrees, and the humidity opens ones pores.  Rather than lavender, however, the air smells of delicious baked goods, most noteably the 'stinky bagels' such as everything, onion, and garlic.  While this may not relax the senses, it sure does excite my tummy for some awesome breakfast!  My trusty standby here is  either:
1)  a whole wheat everything bagel and either cream cheese with a small coffee
2) a sundried tomato bagel with egg, cheese and a slice of tomato with mango orange nantucket nectar and a coffee.
Standby order #2 has seen some progression over time.  It used to be a fresh egg, a ice cold piece of cheese, and a tomato that wasn't quite ripe... or was over ripe... but for some reason i always loved it.  I also haven't ordered stanby #2 in a while because it was my ultimate hangover cure... and I haven't been drinking as much.  Gettin' old...
Anyhoo... this place makes some amazing bagels right on the spot that will quite literally blow your skirt up.  They have a wide array of cream cheeses that are amazing.  Be prepared to wait a bit- the crew behind the register sort of lacks urgency, but they're always super-nice (ish).  They also used to have a low fat cream cheese that used cottage cheese in it.  That was probably one of the best things I've ever had, but they don't use it anymore.  I could see how not everyone would have been on my team about that.  The texture was a bit weird, but I was diggin' it.
All things considered, i love this place.  I used to live a block away.  Now its a nice treat when I'm passing by.  Yummy!Best bagels ever. Not very many bagel shops to chose one but that's ok because this place takes the cake. So good ! Always so nice. Never messing up orders. Love it !Came here on a Saturday morning when another favorite bagel shop of mine was closed. It was pretty crowded and the line was long, but it moved quickly. 
I intended to order a breakfast sandwich - bacon, egg & cheese is my to-go! - but when standing in line, I saw that the eggs were microwaved.  I quickly changed my order to a bagel with sundried tomato cream cheese. The spread was very good, but the bagel was not memorable. 
I will likely not return since I am not in the neighborhood... but if you're in a pinch it'll do for a quick and simple breakfast!I love this place. It is definitely becoming a weekend ritual. My favorite is the everything wheat bagel with either BLT + jalopeno cream cheese. That cream cheese is sooo addicting. The bagels remind me of NYC though not 100% as good but close enough for me! The whole wheat everything bagel is the way to go as other bagels have always left me regreting not to stick with my usual go-to. I definitely recommend eating them freshly toasted and trying the jalopeno cream cheese and/or BLT at least once to treat yourself to awesome flavor and some crispy bacon.
You can call in orders if you want to speed things up a bit but it still gets quite busy with long lines. Customer service is fairly friendly as they can get quite bombarded. They also have coffee and other fresh drinks such as cider.These guys serve up a solid bagel in a city where it is truly tough to find good bagels. They continue to be some of the best I've had in Center City. The variety of options for spreads are also very good.
However, service can be slow at times... And I mean really slow. There really is no excuse for taking 10-15 minutes to prepare a toasted bagel & cream cheese.
Altogether, it's a good option to satisfy a craving for an "actually" good bagel and coffee.Their everything bagels have sea salt on them, a bit on the saltier side but still tastes great. Bagels are so fresh that we take them home and don't even need to toast them!Love this place! Friendly, helpful staff. Delicious bagels! Philly's best locals spot. The sausage, egg with sun dried tomato cream cheese on any bagel is DELICIOUS and my current addiction. I also love their BLT's though some times the bacon can be a little crispy. Make sure you communicate what you want clearly and double check it before you leave... only downfall is that some times they mess up the order. Great place though. The muffins are amazing as is the french toast bagel! My fave is Poppy Seed though.:) Enjoy!Look, let's just play this one straight. 
This place offers a wider bagel selection than Steve Madden does shoes.
It has more cream cheese options than there are rednecks in Oklahoma. 
Oh...and the wafting hot bagel smell at 7:00 on a Sunday morning is absolutely intoxicating - it's like a Saturday night party all over again, but more appropriate. 
Recommendations: Salt Bagel (yes, with nice fat Kosher salt granules); Everything Bagel; Sun-dried tomato cream cheese (with actual full size, soft, delicious, sun dried tomatoes); and pesto cream cheese.
THIS PLACE IS AS WIN AS CHARLIE SHEEN.I grew up eating bagels from Manhattan and was excited to be living 2 blocks from Hot bagels. I have been here a handful of times,  every time I get everything with sausage and cheese toasted but my bagel sandwich is always dry and the bagels are too small and way to salty ( can't taste everything ) . I don't get my bagels from here anymore.I was very disappointed with the bagels we purchased yesterday. We tried blueberry, cinnamon, and egg. These bagels are too dense in my opinion and lacking in flavor.This place has been my go-to Saturday morning bagel spot. But how can you justify charging $10 for a bagel with a smear of cream cheese and 1 slice of lox. PRE-SLICED lox none the less. They need to seriously consider their pricing strategy because its lost me as a customer.I was lured in by the "free bagel" flyer from south street fest. While I do have to say the bagel was delicious, I was taken aback by the price. While in the shop, you could get the free bagel and pay the difference on cream cheese. I figured it couldn't be too expensive to get fat free veggie cream cheese and toast the bagel. I was SHOCKED to find it was almost three extra dollars. I paid it cause it was crowded and I didn't want to hold things up but I would never pay close to $4 for a toasted bagel with cream cheese at any other time.The morning after can go one of two ways: 
1) I'm looking to pow-wow with friends at a long, drawn out brunch reviewing the night's transgressions. 
-or-
2) I wouldn't know because I'm buried in the haze of a hangover and looking to shove a cream cheese loaded everything bagel down my throat. 
When it's the latter, South Street Bagels is where I go.It's ridiculous how much I eat here. Just about every morning. Vast selection of bagel flavors, as well as flavored cream cheeses. Yet still, my favorite is a plain bagel with butter and a LITTLE BIT of strawberry jelly, and they always get the LITTLE BIT of strawberry jelly right. 
Two strengths of coffee (very much appreciated), always service with a smile. I kind of wish they didn't have a $5 minimum for credit cards (which is illegal at present time), but I understand why they do.I have a problem.  It is South Street Philly Bagels.  They are just too damn good.
I feel as though I'm becoming a snob because I want to keep perfecting my order, but then again, it keeps getting better and better.
Right now I'm hooked on two different things, but similar style.  The first is a toasted cinnamon sugar bagel with a light spread of strawberry cream cheese.  It is just the right way to start your day.  Nearly melts in your mouth.
The second is similar in style but brings flavor that keeps on giving and some heat.   Toasted everything bagel with a light spread of jalape単o cream cheese.  This is one of those things that you try to make sure you leave no crumb behind.
You can't go wrong.They drowned my bagel in so much melted butter I could have almost eaten the soggy mess with a spoon.  Also, while I was standing waiting for the bagel, I watched them open a gigantic bag of frozen fried eggs.  Pretty gross.  Still, I believe I have had their bagels from Whole Foods and they have not been bad for transported from a bakery bagels.Last June South Street Philly Bagels catered a wedding brunch for my newly married daughter and son-in-law.  In the hussle-bussle of activity I think I forgot to write my review.  Lesley, in charge of catering, did a wonderful job helping me choose the bagels, cream cheeses, white fish salad, lox, rugelach and cookies.  Her dad (the owner) actually came and delivered everything the morning of the brunch.  Everyone loved the food and it was fun getting to meet Lesley's dad.  Great catering!  Thank you for making the brunch so tasty and wonderful!From the steamy air and mounds of fresh bagels, you would think this place would make the best bagels ever. It doesn't. Too airy, flat, and the texture a little soft and crumbly. I prefer Philadelphia Bagel Factory and New York Bagel Bakery (althoughneither are perfect).  Don't get me wrong, this place is still waaay better than the garbage other places call bagels.The everything bagel was pretty good, but it had big chunks of salt on it, like a soft pretzel.  Not a big fan of that.  The service was great, although they were fairly busy for a Thursday mid-morning.  They have a $5 card minimum, but the cashier ran it through for me anyway, even though my total was around $4, kindly telling me that next time I'll need to make it over $5. 
Their various cream cheeses are delicious, but whatever you do DON'T ask for it on the side! They only give you the tiniest container! If you just get the cream cheese on the bagel itself, they really load it up!
On return visits, I've had the bacon, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich. It's so good! Now that my favorite bagel place has closed, this place is my fallback.Pros: Great selection of fresh baked bagels, maybe the best in Philly. The seeded bagels contain just the right amount goodness on top and bottom. A number of popular styles are offered in a whole wheat versions which can make the bagel choice a little more health conscious. The selection of cream cheeses and spreads is above average. 
Cons: The eggs on the bagel sandwiches are microwaved, think Dunkin Donuts style. It's kind of strange putting a pre-made, microwave reheated egg on a great fresh made bagel. The line on some weekend mornings can be intimidating, and although it moves quickly, it's not something you wanted to be greeted with in a hungover state.Bagels are my favorite on-the-go breakfast food. There is a huge selection of bagels, some of them a little weird, but I always get the french toast one.  A larger selection of low-fat cream cheese would be nice, but as long as they have strawberry, I'm not complaining. Coffee is pretty good, but I wish they'd have a container of 1/2 & 1/2 instead of those little "single serve" cup things (I have to use about 10).This place has really gone down hill...bagels are ok but the serving of cream cheese is very disappointing...twice I ended up throwing half the bagel away because the cream cheese they put on is barely enough for one side...
Much as I love bagels and cream cheese I'm not going back.I can't possibly rave any more about this place. I just wish they had pork roll as a meat option. I mean they do have bacon and sausage. Also, there's something mystical about their cheese, sure it might just be plain white American but there's something absolutely amazing about it.Always packed on weekend mornings! 
Pretty solid bagels, good variety, in addition to the standard flavors. 
Lots of options for spreads and toppings and sandwiches, etc.
Also have coffee and iced coffee. 
Great pricing, pretty cheap for a decent bagel!Getting a bagel from this shop has become part of our weekend routine. It is our favorite place to go in Philly to get lox on a whole wheat everything bagel.
The only issue I have is that I witnessed them handling money and then making the bagel sandwich without washing their hands.    But I've only seen that happen twice.  Maybe the germs will make you stronger.Whether a sweet spread or pesto spread on my sandwich these guys have the best tasting spreads and bagels anywhere in the world.  Love the sundried tomatoe bagel too.  Try all the spreads.  Great turkey sandwich on bagel!  Yum!Great bagels and selection of cream cheeses, salads, as well as having your standard variety of meat + cheese + egg breakfast sandwiches.
Best bagels I've had in Philly. Are they as good as bagels in NYC? Well, I don't think so. But hey, close enough.I was a fan of South Street Philly Bagels before I ever stepped in the door. They very shrewdly sell their bagels to Whole Foods stores in the region. Check out the bagels at Whole Foods Fairmount. They are from South Street.
I am a huge fan of their pumpernickel swirl bagel. Just the right chewiness and flavor. I love that these bagels are made the correct way unlike so many Philly area bagels.
Upon finally going there I ordered two sun dried tomato bagels to cut, freeze and toast later. They did not disappoint. A just right sun dried tomato taste and crunch. They need to send these out to Whole Foods too!Fast, efficient, friendly on a Saturday morning. I can't say these bagels compete with what I'm used to having grown up in nj, but they make up for it with cool flavor choices and reasonable prices.Fresh bagels made in front of your nose with just about any flavor and any spread you could imagine. They also now have kegged iced coffee on cask.I don't, but I probably could eat here every day. I could also probably have their lox special (lox, cream cheese, lettuce, tomato, capers, and red onion) everyday and never get tired of it. Although it seems other would disagree, I really like their iced coffee, and I always get good service. They also have an interesting selection of bagels, which I always think about trying, but I always end up getting poppy seed. I'm still not sure if it is a good or bad thing that it's so close.Yes, you can get a decent bagel here.  They also supply the two Whole Foods markets in town so if you like the bagels there you will like the SSPB.  My biggest peeves are that 1) The counter staff is frequently surly.  Not outwardly rude just not friendly.  2) They recently renovated the area in the front and put in a little bench but no table to rest your coffee and bagel on so that one has to eat out of their lap.  Why bother have done any renovations?This place has deteriorated incredibly. This used to be our go to spot for bagels in Philadelphia - we would drive across the city specifically to go here bypassing other bagel venues along the way. Not anymore. The eggs were gross and manufactured, the bagels had ketchup sloppily slathered and oozing out the sides - our order was wrong (neither scooped out nor toasted despite it being written on the order form). Very disappointed and we will not be back. Careless service  is a disgrace to the proprietors.I love, love, LOVE their bagels! 
Chocolate bagel, toasted with butter. 
I want to eat one now as type this.Best bagels I've had in Philly -- though only a 4 because while it's as good as Philly gets for bagels, it's still all relative to every other city that has better bagels. But waiting in their line on a Sunday morning reminds me just a bit of my years in NYC."Whaa hew whan fer bruckfuss?" 
Repeating that breathy phrase over and over annoys people awake. I thought that you might find that to be a helpful morning tip.
It's funny to me that so many reviews note that the bagel is a helpful hangover management tool. I agree wholeheartedly. Everything bagel with cream cheese is a fine, fine cure. Bagels soak the badness away. Bagel oasis offers many tasty cream cheese flavors for your cream cheesy needs. 
South Street Philly Bagels are pretty dern decent, I decree! I have to say my "not as good as in NY thing," and now I'll add that these are some of the better bagels that I've had in Philly and it makes me happy that they're only a few blocks away when I need them. Ooh and I need em.