One of my new year's resolutions includes eating fresh, healthy food. Unfortunately for me, this means more cooking. In my desperate attempt to stay out of the kitchen, I discovered Soy Cafe. Thanks to them, I can actually eat out without feeling guilty for breaking my resolve. 
You've got to try one of the juices. They're made to order and you get to pick up to 3 fruits. I went with the blood orange, ginger, and pineapple; what an unexpected treat! They've got tons of different smoothies to choose from too, all featuring fresh fruit, soymilk, and honey. Additionally, their vast selection of gourmet salads, wraps, sandwiches, steamed buns, and vegan treats makes it hard to decide. 
Cozy spot to work on your computer, grab a quick lunch, or pop in for some tea/coffee. More coffeehouse cafes should follow their lead.Great for quick eats, cafe vibes, and a great place to spend your afternoon reading or studying! I was visiting from New York and had a tough time finding a place to find anything that wasn't just another salad. This place gave me the best vegan sandwich I had in a very long time. The eggplant was grilled perfectly (hard to do most of the time), the cheese was melting off my sandwich, and the homemade dressings really made it taste special. Come here if you're looking for some top notch veggie eats.Feels odd to rate something that is so close to my house, but here goes!
Have had mixed feeling towards Soy Cafe over the years but in this moment am particularly enjoying them. Their drink selection is inventive, fresh, and good and their food has come a long way. I particularly like the artichoke and tomato sandwich with a side salad. 
The coffee is their weakness, not sure why they don't switch to a better brand. Luckily their ginger based hot drinks are so good, there is no reason to order coffee here. 
Staff is very friendly and it's a great place to sit and read.I love this place! I There food is healthy and has many options for gluten free/ vegetarians/ vegans etc. 
I love the super veggie wrap with rice paper (  I am GF)
Their smoothies are also delicious and they have multiple milk options. The atmosphere is eclectic and cute with a nice outdoor patio. 
I definitely recommend this place.I got the healthy wrap with avocado, cucumber, and vegan ham in a rice wrap and it was absolutely delicious. I wish I would have realized there was a vegan quesadilla special, or else I would have gotten that. I'll be back for one of those.
 I also got a gluten free dairy free marshmallow, coconut and chocolate donut. This was not good. It was dry and super dense. After reading other reviews, I will avoid the baked goods. 
Overall a really comprehensive menu of both veggie, meat, gluten free, and vegan options. I'll be back!The first time I was in Soy I had a smoothie and a coffee so I couldn't really attest to the food.  This time I ordered the Udon Noodle Soup with imitation crab and miso broth.  I would usually be hesitant to order something like this in a cafe but the soup was delicious. For 6 bucks the portion was extremely filling and quite tasty. A little siracha to spice it up and I was good to go.If I lived closer to Soy Cafe, I might be there for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner.
So originally I came here because of my vegan friend who likes to check out all that Philly has to offer in vegan food.  However, I was pleasantly surprised that they have plenty of food for the meat eating person.
All the food we had was fresh. I had the turkey pesto sandwich which was good.... but I also had the seasonal soup which I wasn't  my favorite.
Overall, this is a nice vegan place to get lunch and dinner. They have plenty of dessert options too for your vegan friends.
I didn't try the smoothies, but they looked awesome!!Had a great sesame bagel here with tomato and cream cheese that had lots of flavor. Vanilla soy cappuccino was very good just wish they carried organic grass fed regular milk. Glad all their soy seems to be organic and non gmo. Tried the donut which was very nice...not too sweet but a large which is still on the small side will set you back $3.50 which is kind if crazy for any donut.Omg omg !!! My partner talked about soy cafe so much! This was my first time here & what an amazing experience ! We arrived and the aesthetics of this place are so chill & positive & it feels so warm. He orders our ham & cheese sandwiches that came with a side salad & kindly told the woman at the front we'd return to pick up after going to the bike store down the street. 
My rating below : Best out of 5...5 being the best! 
Vegetarian/ Vegan Food options: 5
Parking availability: 4
Business Energy Cleanliness : 5 
Bathrooms: unknown
Staff friendliness : 5 
Seating Space: 3
Service: 5 
They have all kind of vegan goodies & desserts! You know I have a sweet tooth & love a place that can provide good food & sweetness for afterwards. 
My first bite into my sandwich omg it was like tasting perfection ! I loved it . After I took my first bite , I realized why didn't he order me a second one he knows im a true foodie ! Haha 
This place is a must when in the area just pop in & check them out !Soy Cafe is one of the best cafes in Northern Liberties.  There vegan mini donuts are amazing!  Lots of healthy choices including one of my favorites, the mushroom egg wrap.  One of the few places in the city with healthy foods ( I do wish they would serve wheatgrass!)  There is also a lovely garden which is a fantastic place to have tea in the spring time.Soy Vey!  (apologies to the makers of those scrumptious marinades)
but Soy Cafe is the tofu bomb!  I must admit I wasn't an original frequenter of the joint when it was housed at Ironworks, but now that it has a place of its very own, I'm there on a weekly basis.
Be it their scrumptious eats (I'm a big fan of their california wrap - and that homemade honey mustard of theirs - droool!), their mouth-watering smoothies (they made me a soy milk convert! I'm slowly but surely trying every one on their menu) or their little baked sweets - everything hits the right note and is just plain yummy. (down to the orange quarters they serve with the sandwiches!)
They always have a a multitude of fun mags to keep me occupied as I wait for my goodies to be prepared.  This local little Soy temple is a gem for any meal or snack for meat and veggie eaters alike.5 stars to this cute No Libs cafe. The smell of fresh baked cookies and sweet treats greets you the second you walk in the door. I enjoyed an Iced Chai with a friend (which was delicious) and enjoyed the company of Michelle and the other workers. I'll be back!
*cash onlyBeing vegan mean finding a place that not only has a menu that is vegan friendly but the food is actually worth eating. Soy cafe has to be the best vegan restaurant we have eaten at. From the time you enter the restaurant and ask questions about the menu you just know that this is going to be a positive dining experience. We watched our food being prepared and the food was excellent. Now we have a new best restaurant. The pb and j smoothie was really a pleasant surprise. It is a must have. The in house baked cookies are by far the best vegan bake goods we have ever had.I've been going to Soy Cafe for about 5 years now and it's easily one of my favorite cafes in the city.  I have horrible food allergies and an extremely restricted diet.  I initially went to Soy Cafe way back when because of their name figuring it was a place I could find some good vegan food.
When I saw that the menu included TWENTY TWO smoothies made with soy milk and honey I was so happy.  I am a huge smoothie fan!  My favorite smoothie is the Milk Vanilla:  peach, banana, vanilla, soy milk, honey.  Note for vegans who don't eat honey:  good maple syrup is available to substitute.  I always get the soy protein add-on.  It makes the smoothie richer and creamier (thus yummier).  :)  The Milk Vanilla + soy protein became my favorite smoothie of all time upon first sip.  I've been ordering this smoothie for over 5 years on a regular basis and have been impressed by the consistency shown by the staff.  They always make it the same way every time:  just right.  Highly recommend coming here for your smoothie fix!
And there's more!  :)
The salads are phenomenal.  Very generously sized and brimming with perfect, delicious, extremely fresh veggies (and fruit in some!).  My favorite is the Avocado Grapefruit Salad...even though I can't have grapefruit.  The staff is always happy to substitute apples, oranges, or another fruit of my choice.  This salad comes with a bed mixed field greens, a sliced avocado, grapefruit, thin long curly tendrils of crisp carrots and beets, sliced cucumber, sliced tomato, and a generous sprinkling of toasted almonds.  This salad also might come with peppers and onions but I can't have those so I always ask for those to be held.  The dressing is house made fresh from scratch daily.  It's an apple carrot ginger dressing that is amazing!
If you are going to enjoy a hot tea I highly recommend the Green Tea with Roasted Rice.  The roasted rice gives the green tea a light nutty note that is particularly lovely.  It pairs especially well with one of the Sweet Toasts:  Honey Nut (sliced bananas, toasted almond chips, honey) or the Elvis Special (sliced bananas and peanut butter).  Choices of bread include Russian Black, whole wheat, and multigrain.  Tea is served by the pot or the cup if you stay - I prefer to get the pot.  It's definitely not too much for one person if you're planning to take your time and relax.  It's great for 2 people as well.
The Vanilla Oatmeal with honey soy milk is phenomenal.  I know, it's just oatmeal but...wow.  I got it one morning on a whim and was like, this is the best oatmeal I have ever had EVER.  It's just...so, so good.  Perfect comfort breakfast on a rainy morning!
Soy Cafe also offers some really unique coffee drinks.  For an especially indulgent treat I love the Espresso Milkshake (shot of espresso, 2 scoops of soy ice cream, soy milk, honey)!  It's decadent, delicious, and perfect for a hot day.  The Vanilla Java (shot of espresso, vanilla, cinnamon, soy milk, honey) tastes exotic.  I prefer this drink hot but you can choose to have it served cold, blended with ice.  The Mocha-cha-cha (shot of espresso, cocoa, soy milk, honey) has just the right amount of cocoa in it - it's like hot chocolate and espresso had a baby!  Yum.  All coffee is Fair Trade organic.  Inquire about specific varieties.
The Soy Special Drinks have some big winners too.  The Soy Chai has harmonious, balanced notes that come together with the soy milk perfectly.  Nothing is overdone (I really hate too much cinnamon or too much clove, yuck!).  The Cocoa Mint Soy is like a Girlscout's Thin Mint in beverage form.  Yum!
There are always freshly baked vegan and non-vegan treats at the counter.  They are kept separate from each other which someone like me with food allergies really appreciates.  :)  Baked goods vary by the day but there are muffins (gluten free sometimes!), chocolate chip cookies, cupcakes, brownies, and more.  There are even mini cupcakes and muffins so if you are trying to keep to a diet you can still have a little something sweet with your coffee/tea/etc.  And they are just so cute!  :)  My favorites are the cupcakes.  Ahhh, so moist and such yummy frosting!
And there is so much more:  wraps, homemade soy milk, fresh squeezed veggie & fruit juices, soups, sandwiches...  I could go on forever, lol!
The staff is always super friendly and helpful.  The decor is charming and welcoming.  The atmosphere is laid back and comfortable.  There is free unlimited wifi.  Go solo, go with your other half, go with a group of friends - this cafe is great for grabbing a quick bite or hanging out for a while.  There is even a little outdoor garden!
I really love Soy Cafe.  I can't say enough great things about this wonderful place!  If you don't live nearby it's worthy of making a special trip there.  Plus there is plenty to do in NoLibs after you've had your fill at Soy Cafe, especially on N 2nd Street right where Soy Cafe is located. Highly, highly recommended!Really enjoyed the vegan sausage wrap. Quite tasty!This place has easily the worst service of any establishment in the history of establishments.  They are the Comcast of coffee.  Sadly, I'm a regular at soy and go almost everyday since July 2016.  It's at least a 10 minute wait for a coffee.  Yes, 10 minute minimum to put coffee in the cup.  But don't worry, the employees will look very busy while they ignore you.   Decided today, after waiting 20 minutes for the coffee, that I'm never coming here again.I've been here 3 times so far with the intention to continue coming back so long as they keep doing what they're doing. Quite a cozy spot on 2nd and Fairmount, never too crowded, and a pretty extensive veggie/vegan menu. So far I've had:
--Tomato and Avocado Sandwhich on Wheat, which is a nice option for light lunch but enough to fill you up if you're not a big eater. Also served with a salad and a homemade dressing which is fantastic.
-- Miso + Steamed Dumplings - This was incredible. Great miso broth, served in a very large bowl with I think around 6 dumplings, which are also quite excellent. Will order that again for sure. 
-- Seitan Cheesesteak Wrap - I had to try this to see what it was all about. I've seen it as the special every time I go in there, figure lots of people are ordering it, and now I can see why. I like their wraps because there's a full salad in there. I cut mine up so getting bits of the wrap, salad, and seitan on a fork full is a perfect bite. Not too heavy which was my initial concern. Their honey mustard dressing is also to die for. Wish there was a little bit more of that for extra dipping. 
-- BBQ Pork Wrap - Tried this yesterday. Not bad.. I think I liked the seitan cheesesteak wrap better, but worth trying if you're looking to sample veggie proteins. 
The food is a perfect veggie lunch and is also prepared and served in a way I can respect. Decent portion, home made, and overall has a certain care for the way it's put on the plate. I also like coming here because because of the atmosphere. It's quiet, friendly, and comfortable. Will come back and try everything else in due time!The food is great here. Tons of vegan options. I can't imagine the few different wraps I've had here being any better! If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd be here all the time.Such a cute cafe!! I love that their menu labels the items that are NOT vegan rather than the ones that are. I had an amazing vegan gluten-free brownie and a vegan peanut butter rice crispy treat when I went. The surrounding area is fabulous and the cafe itself is unique and gorgeous. 
I cannot wait to spend hours there in the coming months.Phenomenal bagel. I got the one with vegan sausage, soy cheese, and tomato. So incredibly satisfying. It took about 10 mins to prepare, so I know it was made then and there and not a frozen one heated up. You can skip on the baked goods- the muffin was meh. The sandwich had so much flavor. Really good for a hungry weekday breakfast.I love the vegetarian cheesesteak wrap here-it is among my favorite in the city. The mushroom miso is also terrific. This is a very clean and cozy cafe with comfortable seating and great stuff to read while you wait. They also make a killer soy earl grey latte.Absolutely obsessed with the soy cafe. I wish there were more places like this around! Their juices are amazing and very affordable. They have a large menu selection and everything I've had there has been delicious. You don't have to be vegan to eat here. If you enjoy eating healthy and feeling good after a meal then definitely check this place out!Got a chunky monkey smoothie and a vegan ham sandwich. First time I had vegan ham and it was delicious! Smoothie was refreshing! the meal was great for the price.Beautiful cafe in a lovely neighborhood.  This is from our visit a couple weeks ago. We got nachos and some gluten free/vegan chocolate muffins. So good. Would def make our way back again. Thank you Philly Micro greens for showing us this place!Cozy place, friendly staff, yummy smoothies, but very dishonest pricing. 
PROS
* The smoothies here are delicious and incredibly hearty. I'm not one to get filled up on mush but one Black Banana smoothie (bananas, cocoa, soymilk, peanut butter, oats, and maple syrup instead of honey) and I'm not hungry for hours. It's decadent and rich and very addictive. 
* Service is friendly and not snooty and apathetic like some other cafes that are in No Libs/Fishtown-area.
* Good assortment of vegan baked goodies.
* I also love their stash of current mags they have on hand.
CONS: Here is why I can't give Soy Cafe 4 or 5 stars
* One of the  vegan brownies I had was crumbly and flavorless. I believe most of their vegan baked goods come from North Port Fishington, which are always yummy, but whoever supplies the brownies (not North Port) needs to tweak the recipe.
* I've ordered food twice. Bagel and hummus was alright. Tofu sesame salad was wholesome but the tofu is not flavored or cooked. I LOVE tofu--I even pop a plain, uncooked piece in my mouth while cooking--but a heaping plateful of plain tofu is not appetizing (I doubt a plateful of raw chicken on greens would be much better!). 
* This is my biggest caveat about the place. I never noticed until yesterday that the amount I was charged for two smoothies seemed off. . I calculated the price myself and realized they round up after adding tax and it is quite significant. My order, with tax, should have been $8.53, but they charged me $8.60. They don't use a cash register or offer receipts. I find this practice very dishonest (Golden Chopsticks on Spring Garden does this too) and if you multiply this by all the customers they serve each day, that's quite a markup. They should price their menu so that, with tax, the prices are a round number or they should stop this practice.
I'll think twice about coming back now that I'm aware of the price hike and I'll mention it next time. But it's so close to my bus stop and the smoothies are so good.Really love the chai latte.  Easily the best in the city.  Got a turkey and avocado sandwich.  The sandwich was fresh and delicious....the only downside was the bread.   It was grocery store bread.  Can I suggest putting your sandwiches from bread from Le Bus....then I would gladly hand my 7.50 over again and again.Great vegetarian and gluten free options! This is my go to place for quick and delicious vegetarian food. Also the sinfully good gluten free donuts!!Soy Cafe is delightful.  Cozy atmosphere, great tea and coffee, the entrees are delicious, and the desserts are awesome.  I always look forward to going to Soy Cafe, whether its for a filling and healthy lunch, a pick-me-up coffee or tea, or to satisfy a sweet tooth.  I highly recommend their California roll wrap, their chocolate chip cookies (regular or vegan) and the loose teas.very cute, tasty wraps, friendly employees.   it was a nice place to sit down and eat after walking around philly for hours.Excellent vegan, vegetarian, coffee, smoothies, and fish/eggs options here. There's something for everyone.Went here as a light alternative for a family dinner. Its a good neighborhood resource.
Good food served in a cafe-casual atmosphere. The smoothies were big and nourishing and the vegetarian options were excellent.I stopped in for a quick bite when I was in town for a few hours.  Absolutely awesome and wholesome food for cheap.  I had the taco salad and a smoothie.  It was all made to order and very fresh.Love this place! Went there for the first time after many friends raved about it. Great service, great smoothies, awesome atmosphere, and prices very reasonable!
The only tough thing may be finding street parking.love their ginger soy (with cinnamon, sweetness, etc). love it love it love it. 
place is kinda dim for studying though. good for chatting. free wifi. friendly service.Soy Café is a terrific place for a sit-down meal or a quick coffee and snack. Plenty of seating, very clean, outdoor patio, great art inside, and friendly service. My party and I had dumplings, a few different types of sandwiches, dumpling soup, and a "cheese steak" wrap, all of which were terrific. Highly recommend and plan to return.I used to live up the street from here and I have to say that I miss this place most in the neighborhood. Their wraps and smoothies are positively  delicious and guilt free! They should franchise!Tasty good food. I was a vegetarian/vegan virgin before eating here. It felt like the food was having a party in my mouth awakening all my tastebuds. It was so good I brought back friends on multiple occasions. My only reluctance was the desserts. Maybe I'm just used too old fashion sugar treats but the desserts were not as tasty as I hoped they be. 
However my overall experience was great.This is my first time here and honestly it was one of the best meals i've ever had. I got the vegetarian cheesesteak and i was absolutely blown away, better than a regular cheese steak. Will for sure be coming back very very soonVanilla Java.....YUMZ!! Mocha cha cha....YUMZ!! Vegan cookies....YUM YUMZ!!! awesome little place to just relax and kill a couple hours. Free wifi and plenty of room/privacy to read, work, or play rock scissors paper.Always love my experience here. It's a place for me to eat freely and confidently knowing that the ingredients are fair and plant-based. The menu is eclectic and offers something sweet, savory, and sometimes in between. I have yet to try everything on the menu, but so far, the Soy Wrap, donut, and coffee have been good. I would give it 5 stars, but the donuts were a little dryer than expected. I want to try more sweets for sure. The customer service and atmosphere get an A+.I've tried and tried to love this place because they have the best soy drinks I've ever had but this might be the final straw (pun intended).
the first time I went to soy cafe, they overcharged my credit card. I got a $5 drink and my card was charged for $14. they had me waiting for 25 minutes because they forgot about my drink. they then made me the wrong beverage and gave me a chocolate chip cookie for the trouble.
I've been back twice with average service. it's a little slower than most.
today, I went with my boyfriend. he got a disgusting green tea coffee (so bad he couldn't drink it and we threw it away) and I got a blended ice peppermint coffee and found A PIECE OF METAL IN MY DRINK. (see pictures).
it's safe to say I'm done with this place.Amazing soy milk. They have light food and snacks (mainly vegan stuff). Nice ambiance and cozy. During the summer, they have a nice outdoor patio. This place and the random tea room have my two favorite chai teas.LOVE this place - everything is fresh and really delicious!
The only reason I took off a star is because there are always 1 or 2 fruit flies hanging around my table :(
Overall I would recommend this place to anyone, with special attention to the smoothies. The pinapple bananna smoothie was the best I've ever had!
Also, the internet is very fast and easy to log onto - I've spent hours here working online.Delicious lattes and wraps. I'm only giving 4 stars bc the customer service is lacking. They could be nicer.Quaint atmosphere and attentive staff. The soup,  bagels,  and salad are delicious and filling. I have them five stars because they don't make the food the premises which means they use a microwave often (not a fan). Also their baked treats aren't that good.I love this place! For some reason, I love it, but always forget it's there, but when I remember, the experience is always perfect. The cafe itself is great, with lots of diverse material reading material if you're there solo. In the back there's a more private room to hang out in, which leads to a small outdoor seating area. The outdoor area is lovely, with potted plants and a draping ivy wall. Set away from the public street, it is a beautiful place to enjoy your homemade soy smoothies or healthy lunch. The other nice thing is that it is never too crowded so you can work/eat in peace. 
I tend to always order the green tea smoothie, which is so tasty and not too sweet. Recently I was lured in by their vegan dip, mushroom omelet, soy wrap and vegan bbq steamed buns. I'm not usually vegan/vegetarian, but everything was sooooo tasty! I love this place!I have been to the Soy Cafe a few times over the years to order their DELICIOUS smoothies, but this was my first time bringing my kid. My husband was getting a haircut in the area and we needed a place for a quick bite. I was worried about bringing my 17 month old into such a small, not-necessarily-kid-oriented spot, but all of the baristas were wonderful and accommodating. We ordered dumplings, a BBQ wrap, mushroom miso soup, a smoothie, and a cup of whole milk (for the baby). They didn't mention when we ordered, but it turned out they were actually out of whole milk. Instead of just letting us know and refunding us, a barista actually went out, in the rain, and got milk for my son. Amazing!! They even found us a booster seat. I don't often write reviews but I was just really impressed with the service here. Thank you Soy Cafe!I love soy cafe, and make an effort to go anytime I'm in the area. They make by far the best soy latte I've ever had in Philly, and I love the great selection of vegan desserts! It's got a very chill vibe, great to sit back and relax.I eat here often as its one and maybe the only Vegan & Gluten Free place in the city like that. Clean food, prepared well and server nicely. Menu has extensive choice in Smoothies, Shakes, Wraps, Sandwiches, Salads and Breakfast items. 
They also have those great Gluten Free donuts. Yum! I'm loving those...We were the only two patrons on a friday night.  We each ordered a smoothie.  I got the papaya and the bf got a mango.  Both were refreshing and the soy was great.  We also ordered some wraps.  I got the bbq and the bf had the steak.  I preferred my bbq over his.  There was just so many options on the menu that i'd probably have to check them out again.We come here at least once a week and it's always fantastic. TONS of gluten-free options and plenty of vegan choices too. The drinks are great and the food is excellent too. A real gem!Sure, the outside is cloyingly cutesy, but the waitstaff is wholly unpretentious and friendly, and the smoothies are absolutely out of this world. (I'm so addicted to the Milli Vanilli that I might bleed peach and vanilla). I usually get my food and leave, but there is a peaceful outdoor garden in the back, too!Soy Cafe is definitely has a cool idea behind it- j ordered a soy green latte and it wasn't the best choice, they definitely have better things on the menu!!Just tried Soy Cafe for the first time.  I am a fan!  I wanted to try everything on the menu because it all sounded so good.  I ended up ordering the snow soy smoothie and scallion tuna sandwich on black Russian bread.  Both were wonderful.  It was a lot of food!  Too much for lunch but worth it just the same.  Fortunately, I work around the corner from this gem so I think I will be enjoying lunch at Soy Cafe quite often.I am new to Philadelphia, and as a foodie, I've been eager to find restaurants with nice atmosphere and of course, delicious fresh food. I'd heard about Soy Cafe and am so glad I found it. The cafe is terrific in every way, welcoming staff, comfy seating (check out the outdoor patio!!) and lovely art too. But it is the food that really shines. Every element in my veggie pho was distinct and fresh. I couldn't imagine eating the large portion, thinking it could be shared, but it was so good, I polished it off. I took a few desserts with me for later. The baked donuts, and muffin were amazing. I am not gluten-free, and usually can taste gluten free, but not here. These treats were delicious. I will be a regular, and while I am vegan, I'll be bringing my omni friends. The food is exceptional-- for everyone.Love the vegan iptions this place has to offer.  Interestingl, the food is tasty and not just soy. The presentation of the food is also very nice. Good thing is tht the food is made right in front of you. So, you can judge the hygiene of this place.  Liked it much. Chillled out atmosphere. Just, that there were only 2 people working on orders , and so it was slow. Also, the menu were right in front of thw cashier rather than display board. So, u take time to decide while people behind u are waiting to order. Otherwise, this place is good and I recommend it.Ahhhh, Soy Cafe. Passing through Northern Liberties while out running errands on Sunday morning, I decided it was time for a cool beverage, perhaps something to take the place of the breakfast I hadn't consumed yet. I've always wanted to try Soy Cafe and I'm glad I finally had a chance to. 
The cafe itself is comfortable and bright. They have magazines you can read if you feel like hanging out and as far as I could tell they were relatively current magazines (you know how I feel about old magazines and if you don't know now you know - I hate them A LOT). The people working there are doing their own thing, but friendly and ready to whip you up something delicious, which I like. If I wanted to sit there for half an hour while I enjoyed my smoothie, I don't think they would have cared or given me the side eye.
I browsed their long list of smoothies, most (all?) containing their homemade soymilk. I picked the Shrek smoothie - honeydew, kiwi, tofu, soymilk & honey. So good! It tasted fresh and was very satisfying. I also fet good about the added benefits of drinking a serving protein.
The price here for a smoothie is right, also. They have a pretty wide variety of food, including many vegetarian options, sandwiches, wraps, and some interesting items not usually found at your regular cafe. I'm looking forward to trying some of these things in the future. I'll probably make this a pitstop on my weekend errand runs around town. Five!I love that there is a vegan spot so nearby. I've tried the shakes and sandwiches and was very satisfied. It would be great if they were open earlier for breakfast. But in the meantime I will still patronize them ;-)God, I have no idea what took me so long to try this place after they re-opened at their new address. I am hitting myself over the head for all the missed opportunities of incredible soy shakes and that damn delicious spicy tuna sandwich. 
Every visit has been the same. Very nice and welcoming staff and great shakes. I try to get a different one each time but I get stuck on the heavier ones that have oatmeal in them. Something about drinkable oatmeal just turns me on. 
I usually eat in since its very welcoming. When I am eating solo I prefer the bar type area where they have a good selections of magazines and the standard PW and CP to read. There are also a few tables with chairs and comfy sofas or a small outdoor eating area that is pretty nice.  
If you are in the area you should definitely check it out and dont let the soy turn you off. The drinks dont taste chalky or anything like that. I have never tried the coffee so I cant recommend that but get any shake and you will be more than satisfied!Walked past it many times and finally decided to try it out. I ordered wraps for myself and my boyfriend, then decided to have a little soy ice cream as well. I ordered chocolate, and asked the woman behind the counter how much ice cream came in the order. She said she thought it was two scoops and I said ok - no complaint, totally fine with me, I only wanted a little anyway. After a bit, she went to the back to get it. She came out carrying a carton of So Delicious, like a deer in headlights, telling me they were out of chocolate. No problem, I said, vanilla's fine. She came out with the vanilla carton, and gave me three scoops. That's so nice, I thought! She's giving me an extra scoop because they're out of chocolate! Nope - I was charged $1.25 for an extra scoop of ice cream I never asked for that I could've gotten myself.
Can't say much about the food because I don't even remember what I ordered, so I guess it was fine.I am seriously addicted to their smoothies!  And they are healthy to boot!  They make their own soy milk here -- how, I don't know, but it's pretty amazing.  The fruit smoothies are not overwhelmingly sweet, just light and refreshing.  Many a time I have finished a smoothie and immediately wished I had another.  Also, although I love bananas I usually hate them in smoothies because they overpower all the other flavors, but not at Soy Cafe.  It adds a nice creamy consistency without taking away from the other flavors.
Some of my favorites are:
Mango Mama - Mangos, mangos and a smidgen of bananas, homemade soy milk and honey.  
Milli Vanilli - This one might be my fave.  Peaches + banana with homemade soy and the perfect amount of vanilla and honey that each brings the other flavor out in a perfect balance.
Tropical Tango - Pineapples, banana and coconut milk with honey.  YUM!
Black Banana - cocoa, peanut butter, banana, oatmeal, soy milk and honey.  It's hearty enough to be healthy breakfast.
Hello Sunshine - Pineapple + mango + banana, honey and soy
So far the only one I did not care for was the Fruiti-Licious, because it had waaaay too much orange.  Thats about all you taste.  If you like oranges than go for it but you could not taste the mangos, peaches, or honey at all.
I am still wanting to try so many more smoothies, and I have not even tried the food yet or other drinks yet!  They have tons of coffee and tea drinks I need to try, plus salads and fresh juices.  
Last thing I want to mention is that the decor of this place is adorable.  Pretty and contrasting, artsy flair.Places like this are the reason I'm really starting to LOVE Philly. 
Soy Cafe is the type of place I'd stop for lunch if I was in Brooklyn or the West Village, if I could actually get a table without waiting, and my lunch was under $8. 
The menu here is awesome. I believe they have over 30 combinations of smoothies and fresh juices, tasty gluten-free wraps, sandwiches with homemade bread, unique salads and desserts like peanut butter rice crispy treats and soy ice cream.
Besides the extensive menu, the place is adorable, brightly colored with plenty of seating and a cute, relaxing patio out back. 
Soy Cafe has good vibes, nice mello music and the servers were sweet too.
I wish I could hang out here all day and eat everything.
If I lived here I definitely would.Didn't realize how large this cafe was! There's a front room and back room with multiple tables AND a back patio! I haven't had food there yet but I have had a few of their juices and smoothies to-go and they were tasty. They have such a great variety of ingredients and options so it takes me a while to order, but the staff are also accommodating (like when I wanted lychee in my Tropical Sunset).Hubby absolutely loves this place, so much in fact that he didn't know he was drinking a caramel soy latte until just a few weeks ago, and now just orders it with whole milk, lol. I myself ordered a caramel iced soy milk, and it was delicious! I probably would have liked it plain as well. Next time! I wasn't able to order food from here, as I had eaten prior to coming here, but they definitely have me interested and I will def come back. The decor and ambience is freaking adorable and comfortable. How much for the sweet cat art!?Good vegan sandwiches, love that they're dog friendly. However, the vegan baked good need work. The cookies are meh and the donuts are not even close to the best vegan donuts I've had in Philly (think Dotties). And that's why I can't give 5 stars, since I love something sweet with my coffee. Lattes are yummy.Love this place!! Excellent customer service, atmosphere (with lovely outdoor area in the back patio) and delicious, affordable healthy food. I always look for places that offer lots of veggie options (the more colors on my plate, the happier I am!) and this place has all that and more! Perfect spot to grab a satisfying lunch after a good workout, or to just study! :)I lurk on yelp all the time but I'm usually too shy to review-- until now!  Soy Cafe finally gave me something worth writing about.  My family and I stopped by here for an early dinner after a day at the Zoo and our expectations were far exceeded.  It's a cute place, with cozy seating and very friendly staff.  They were setting up for some big event in the back when we came in but stopped everything to wait on us.
On to the food-- I had the grilled eggplant on multigrain toast, hold the soy cheese.  This sandwich was far beyond what I expected from a little corner cafe.  The eggplant was done just right (not mushy), the toast was just crusty enough without being too crunchy (and the bread itself was this absolutely delicious multigrain that I'm already craving again).  The best thing was the homemade soy mayo, though, which added a fantastic tang to the sandwich.  I probably could have eaten a shoe dipped in that stuff.  The portion was a perfect size, too-- big enough to be satisfying without being excessive.  Plus it comes with an ample (and aesthetically-pleasing) side salad with a tasty house made dressing.
My folks got the turkey pesto sandwich and the bella burger on multigrain, respectively, and both raved about their meals as well.  They also shared a berry berry smoothie and loved it (I sipped a chamomile).  At the end of the meal, we also snagged some vegan & wheat-free brownies to go and devoured them later (so chocolatey and decadent - couldn't believe they were vegan!)
To sum up, this place was fantastic.  Cute, delicious, and highly recommended.  I'm already devising a way to get back up to Philly and eat there again!I came back to the Soy Cafe yesterday - 3/31/2017, and I am absolutely loving this place (I came back to yelp after a long hiatus just to write this review). I wasn't going to get the mayo or cheese on the vegan wrap, but the woman that worked here explained to me that both are vegan, and I am so glad that I decided to try the wrap with the vegan cheese and vegan mayo! It was excellent. The muffins here are also great. 
The woman that was there when I came in (she may be the owner?) was so kind and really made me feel welcome (and the other woman working here that day was also very nice). I always enjoy coming in here! 
If you're in the area and looking for a place to sit and read or check your emails while drinking a smoothie or having some breakfast or lunch, this is the place to go!Terrible terrible service. Ordered a juice that was $5 (around 5:13pm) and they don't take credit for under $10 so walked to the ATM to get money out. Returned 10 minutes later at 5:23pm (they close at 6pm) and they said they are cleaning the blenders for the night and can't make a juice. Will not go back.This place is simply delicious. A great place for vegetarians. A great place to relax. My favorite things are the Betty Boop smoothie and and TnA sandwich (tomato and avocado). Most dishes are served with a simple but super fresh salad. The smoothies really are to die for. After trying just one you'll start to crave them. It can take time to get your order, especially if it's busy, so I like to call ahead so my smoothie's ready when I arrive. Best place to cure a hangover.
Indoor and outdoor seating, and even some shopping in the back room! Cute second-hand clothes and some locally made jewelry/toys. The art on the walls changes now and again, by local artists.
Cash only.This is a vegetarians/vegan dream! They have a ton of really great options including some really tasty fake meat wraps. When I was at Soy Cafe, I ordered a Soy Wrap with fake chicken and a Bluefuzz smoothie (blueberry and peach). I really liked the smoothie and the wrap was super filling. Usually I reserve wraps as a lunch food but it was enough I would be filling as a dinner. The ambiance is a cute little hole in the wall cafe with plenty of seating (including a more secluded back room). I will definitely be back at Soy Cafe soon!Got a strawberry twist smoothie with a protein boost since I was out riding my bike a good portion of the day. It was hot outside and it cooled me downi love the food. the philadelphia wrap is a staple when i order from here. salmon, salad, soy mayo on wheat. but the service is soooooo ssssllllooooowwww. it's best to call ahead or you'll be standing there forever. the coffee isnt that good. but the baked goods are out of this world. be prepared to pay out the nose. this place is very expensive. the staff is sweet, just in no hurry. cash only, but they have an atm in the back.Unusual fresh/sometimes frozen juices they concoct here. Blueberry lychee was my favorite one so far. They didn't make it taste like it was just a pile of sugar and I appreciate that. Im always just passing by a few times when I pick my fruit concoction up. As long as there is parking I am there! Cozy little hangout as well. I might have ordered food but I just don't remember exactly what I had but it wasn't bad. I like the cafe atmosphere and I will definitely be back because I enjoy the veggie atmosphere with a hipster-ish and colorful vibe. Maybe I can just hang out more next time.I guess the best word to describe this place would be *interesting*, in that academic sort of I-don't-know-what-to-make-of-this interesting. On one hand, the food was okay - my spicy tuna sandwich was about what you'd expect and the wife really liked her grilled eggplant. Nice large side salad with a pretty unique ginger dressing. On the other hand, I'm not sure how much I like the garage sale/Ikea furnishing and generally grungy environment. Perhaps the giant dog at the table behind us didn't help with that aspect of things.
In any case, if I had to have a sandwich, this place would be somewhere between Subway and Potbelly.When I go to a cafe for coffee, I am judging the place on three sides things: service, atmosphere, and coffee (duh).  Unfortunately both of the girls working couldn't even manage a smile or any sort of positive attitude toward me and my boyfriend.  Fortunately, the space is really super cool and artsy and almost made up for it.  The coffee was OK.  Probably won't go back next time I'm in Philly.The food is not great if you are NOT a vegetarian/vegan. If you are, this place is perfect as their menu caters to those food choices. The service usually just okay, not extremely rude not extremely friendly. Smoothies are very delicious though. If this place was open earlier during the week, I'd probably stop in on my way to work for a smoothie or coffee.Found this place, thanks to Yelp...Food was very delicious! I ordered a grilled cheesesteak wrap, and fresh juice, carrot, apple n ginger.  My sis had a bbq wrap, with bbq pork, and the soy chai tea.  We swapped halves of the wraps so we could taste both, and they were both delicious.  I did like the bbq one best even tho i liked them both.  I was afraid the bbq sauce would be too sweet but it wasnt.  It was just a tad bit sweet with a smoky flavor.  Ummm, Ummm, Good is all i can say.  The salad greens on the wrap was soooo fresh and crisp.  I also loved the homemade maple mustard, or something they put on the wraps. I would have ordered more food but cash only, so i spent cash on hand...I hate using those atms that charge me to get $$$...fyi...both were vegetarian/possibly vegan sandwiches, cant remember...edited 4/6/13Yo soy incredible!
Bad pun done.  Man I love this place, I intend on going back.  This is everything every health nut/ Vegan is looking for.... and for you others it's pretty dope too.  Most of the drinks are sweetened with honey.... BUT YOU CAN GET THEM WITH MAPLE SYRUP!!!!
I spent about 30 bux here on a date, and that is 5 dollars tip included.... and I still looked like a big spender.... ok so she knew the prices, but hey.... we had a good time, and..... I'm gnna stop making myself look awkward.
There is a drink called the Bugs Bunny... I felt a little silly when ordering it, but once I was drinking it.... not at all! It's the most delicious carrot juice EVER!
Great atmosphere.... there is a little nook where you can play MindTrap or read some of the quirky books they offer for you to read (Something about a Dragon in Kensington.... scary stuff).... It's very Tea-Partyesque..... I think something on the menu even says tea party.... best restaurant I've been to in a while.... here and there a REALLY loud blender goes off.... but it's charming in my humble estimation =).... and the prices are still blowing my mind!
Faux crab wraps with Avocado, Vegan brownies.... I don't need to speak anymore... GO...... NAO!Love this place! Awesome smoothies, beautiful indoor and outdoor seating area, friendly staff!