Coming from a latino family. I've eaten some delicious  homemade food.
This place is good if you aren't home and can't get the homemade goodness you're use to.
The first time I came here a couple years ago the food was great,more recently it just wasn't as good. 
The acapurias and rice were kinda flavorless, but the rellenó de papas i ordeed hit the spot.
I'm not totally writing this place off. The most recent night I went I ordered alot of food and they were fast considering I didn't call in my order.
The inside appeared to be clean, the staff was friendly.
I will be ordering again, hopefully I came on an off night. It would be really nice to have a decent authentic Spanish resturant close  by.terrible!!!!
the service/staff was very friendly but the food was absolutely dreadful! I had vegetarian burrito and side salad my husband ordered cheese empenadas... my burrito was edible because i was very hungry and it was the better of our two meals. the salad was such a joke, they put a big hunk of wilting iceberg along with one sliced tomato from their deli into a box and called it a salad. My husbands food was soggy and seemed to have been microwaved several times, the accompanying sauce had lumps in it, like it sat in the fridge longer then it should have, he ended up throwing it out in a public trash. And to top it thet were overpriced, ths=at laughable salad was $3, really? We will NEVER eat here again and I'd advise anyone to steer very clear of this place.So I went back and tried two new different things..
I got the roast chicken lunch special which comes with a whole half a chicken and yellow rice and beans for under $6. It's a great deal! They do give you a few slices of lettuce and a slice of a tomato in your lunch special, which I guess is a wanna be salad? I would have rather had some veggies, extra rice, or nothing at all.
So I guess last time I got white rice (which was SO bland) and I switched to yellow rice this time, MUCH better! Make sure you order yellow rice! I also got the garlicky fried plantains, they were super good. 
Anyways, I will be back! And I plan on trying many more things.Service was good. I liked the smoothie it was fantastic. The food was pretty decent. Overall i would give it a 3.5. I wouldnt mind going back..The food was amazingly delicious!!! Awesome Puerto Rican food with great varieties! Don't forget dessert!!!Heard about this little gem for sometime and glad I tried it. 
Restaurant is clean, wait staff very friendly, nice spanish music. 
Had the shrimp mofongo. Large shrimp, tasty sauce with a small salad. Very tasty. 
Recommended!Food had no spice. I was majorly  disappointed. Coming from places like Porkys only 10 mins away, we expected much more. Save yourself the trip.We occasionally go to the Wine and Spirits store in this little mini mall and Spanish Island always caught our eye. We got a few items to go today and they were delicious. The empanada had a crisp shell and the beef was flavorful. My boyfriend loved the Cuban sandwich, but he added some spicy brown mustard to it. We also got a different kind of cheesesteak. The traditional cheesesteak filling, but served on a sweet banana instead of bread. Different, but tasty. Glad we gave this place a try. Will try more of their food.I went into this restaurant at 7:30 and I was not informed until 8:15 that they did not have anymore yellow rice and there would be a 20 minute wait for yellow rice. I expressed to them that they should have been told me about the rice and they could give me white rice. I continued to wait for 15 minutes while my sisters already had their food sitting and getting cold while they waited for me. I finally walked to the counter once I seen a customer that walked in way after me get their food and leave. I asked what is the hold up I told you I would take the white rice the owner then interfered and brought me my food. When I got home the white rice was under cooked the stewed chicken tasted like a can of tomatoes poured over some pieces of chicken that barely had any meat on it and I paid 4 bucks for tostones and only had like 3 or 4 of them. My meal came to 15 bucks which is double the price of what I would normally pay for my neighborhood Spanish restaurant. I am disgusted and will never return to this restaurant and I don't recommend anyone eating from here. Go to freddy and Tony's their food is always good.I like this place the staff could be a lil friendlier I went and the server was a lil rude to me because I didn't speak Spanish (I'm Puerto Rican)  and she told me I should learn my language. I haven't seen her in a while but other then that the place is good . The food does take a little long to come but it's worth it .I had shrimp mofongo.... one word. "Amazing" 
The restaurant is small but it's still enough space to sit and eat comfortably. Great music played at an enjoyable level and great service.I've been here before food is really good. But this time I wanted to dine in, I sat down and waited for about 10 mins. No one came to take my order but the waitress did check on 2 other tables. I ended up just ordering food to go. They need to be a little bit more mindful of the customers in their store. Customer service is a must.I've been taking out from Spanish Island for the last few years and they never fail me. Their service is always quick, longest wait time I've had was 20 minutes. The food is fresh. You can just tell by the salads how crisp the lettuce is. Not having a Spanish background I made it a point to go down the menu and try everything in order. Was their some foods that didn't tickle my fancy? Sure, but the quality is outstanding. This is my go to for Spanish food in northeast phillyGarbage. I would give a half a star if I could. It took over an hour for delivery, some of the food was cold, and they got our order wrong. Never order from here again. And when we called back they couldnt care less about our griped with everything I said above. HacksThis is my Go to if in the North east hubby and I had a monfongo with pernil, white rice and beans on the side.. Food was great piña colada not so good. Overall I'd go back again.L I had the green plant team with pork chop and the food was very delicious. Would recommend this restaurant to anyone my experience there was phenomenal thank youToday we experienced very unprofessional service. We waited since 6:45 for food. We called numerous times to check on our order and each time we were told something different. When the food (which included a milk shake) finally arrived it was cold. They offered us $5 off a $53 tab. That is not how businesses retain customers. Very disappointed especially since our Hispanic classmates referred us to Spanish Island.Overall I think that the food is good, the place is nice and clean, and the size is decent. I love the octopus salad, the the platano sandwich i recommend those..For those non Spanish speaking the menu is translated with a brief description of the menu itemHad it for the first time today.. I got the stewed chicken lunch special with yellow rice and beans, and 3 empanadas (beef, chicken, and pizza.)
Everything was good. The stewed chicken was by far the best thing I had. Everything else, for the most part, was bland. I expected the food to have some spice but it didn't.
I will def be back since it's the only Spanish food in the area and since I now know that it's BYOB. And I want to try some of those juices! Maybe I'll ask for them to spice it up next time.I called, I ordered, I waited,  came, i cancelled and I left. That was all. I ordered  a very simple thing. Two beef empanadas and two chicken empanadas and some yellow rice. I waited for over a half hour and was told I was going to have to wait even longer. I gave them more than enough time considering the small amount of food that was ordered. If I could give zero stars, I would. I mean, I knew it was gonna be a toss up when they asked me to pick it up because they couldn't do delivery today. Then why post it on your menu? The only reason I was even ordering from here was because it was my coworkers day to choose where lunch was from. So not only did they mess up my lunch, they messed hers up too. Looks like I get to pick Jamaican food up now. Let's hope we have a better experience with the Jamaican restaurant than we did with the Spanish one. Smh....don't go here...ever....seriously.The beans have no flavor no cilantro yes I said it ..there not from my country they try to come to but cannot mimic the greatness of p.r. food the owners a prik I love the food and the cooks but they need work honey first of all bistec ensebollao beef with onions comes with sauce and soft not rock hard thin even pressure cook it if u have to put some mojo criollo mix on it marinade first caramelize a little sugar with oil I'm a cook I also applied here but they obviously rather have Guatemalans cook my country's food even though I'm certified and applied and no the cook lol I love this place they do come close I bring my own ingredients in a bag lol a few but I don't order wat I no taste like crap it's OK but it needs flavor there plantains are fabulous green sweet garlic sauce is good  beans need work bistec alsoI would never reccommend this place to anyone. Carman is the owner of this place and she is not very nice. They have roches crawling on the floor. I'm sure people think it a great place, but its really not. If you only knew how this place really is, you would never go there. They need a lot of improvement!!Disappointed. I ate here when it first opened up and the food and portions were pretty good. Went there today for takeout and got home to the reality of how stingy they've become. Hardly any meat in the sancocho or the other beef stew entree I ordered. One entree has white rice with a decent amount in a large to go container and the other order with yellow rice came in a container small enough to get the gist of it but not to fill you up. All sauce and hardly no beans in another container but when you're hungry and drove 30 minutes out, you make due. 3 stars for crap proportions in their entrees but decent taste and location...maybe it's just take out and delivery orders that get screwed.The place is very clean, very nice inside and they have the Spanish music playing. The platters are nice sized they can be a little pricey but very worth it. You can dine in or take out; they also deliver. I really like this place.Mofongo was super tasty. The empanadas were very good too.  I like that they deliver.The food here is pretty good, not exactly freddy and tony's but the location is great (northeast philly) which is why I gave it an extra star! I haven't had anything bad here. Definitely try this place if you are looking for authentic Hispanic or Caribbean food!The Spanish food is incredible, I had the empanadas and the burrito--- so delicious. Food is worth the price, due to the quality and quantity of the meal. I had stayed in to eat there, not really a place to sit down to eat, more of a takeout place, the service wasn't too bad, but the environment wasn't that inviting or welcoming. Great spot to pick up delicious Spanish food to take to go. I'd recommend this place to others.Chicken was dry. Oxtails were oily and bland. Only tasteful thing out of everything we ordered are the fried plantains. They forgot our empanadas and we called and they didn't do anything about it. Food came up to $52. We calculated everything that we received and our food was suppose to be $41 without tax and delivery. And I don't think tax and delivery would be $11 more. Never would order from here again.Place needs better customer service. Their food is missing seasoning in all areas. The plantains are given to you in a white paper bag making you feel like you just came out a bakery. The owner has a bad attitude. Next time I will take the drive to Freddy and Tony's restaurant, or even risk my life getting food in Camden - I hear that is where to real Puerto Rican food is!I love Spanish Island! I have nothing but good things to say about them. It's nice to have a restaurant that sells real authentic Spanish food available for take out that actually tastes good! I always order their fried chicken platter with rice & beans & 2 pastellios. Their pastellios (beef patties) are pretty decent size and delicious. I smother everything with hot sauce and chow down. They also have some very good smoothie drinks (I opt for the Mango) as well as a large menu to choose from. The staff is always friendly, and if you decide you want to dine in they have tables. They location they chose was a number of different restaurants over the years, none of which lasted. Mayfair has obviously found a gem with Spanish Island because it's been here for quite a few years now and they are still as good as they first day I ordered from them.Used to go here when I was dating my (latina) girlfriend, and it was okay, people were nice enough, food was never great but my girl liked it because it's not like you can find this stuff around every corner.  After we broke up I went in twice, alone, and was treated like crap.  I guess it's no gringos, huh?   Food was cold and just plain nasty anyway.As a first time buyer to your restaurant your food and delivery time is absolute HORRIBLE! Ive waited an hour and 23 minutes for my food to arrive. I've order rice, beans, Chicharones De Pollo and rotisserie chicken. The rice was not fully cooked and hard, the beans had no savory flavor at all! The chicken had no taste and was Very dry! The chicharrones de pollo was just regular fried chicken! False advertisement! The maduros were burnt. This was a complete DISAPPOINTMENT.  I expected better from a Spanish restaurant!The customer service here is always top notch and the food is delicious.  I've never had a bad meal here. If you're looking for an authentic Spanish meal I definitely recommend Spanish island and there is always plenty of parking.Skinny brittle alcapurrias cheap sandwich should've went to "Freddy and Tony's restaurant" is the only best Spanish food place    Go to Freddy and tonys instead if you want quality Spanish food not thisHad the fried pork platter with yellow rice and Maduros.The food was dry but it was still tasty :)Used to like this place about 5 years ago little by little went down hill.Don't throw your money away .This is a great place to eat the service and the people who work here great and helpful u with the menu if ur in a hurry eat don't come this place u want to enjoy ur food and the company ur with.The owner stole my money. 
So I go in after a long day of work for a small bite to eat: I ordered 8 empanadas at $2 each and was charged a flat $18 by the owner. While waiting for my order, a customer came in to pick up his food and the owner charged him $21; he said, "$21 flat?" The owner quickly corrected herself and said, "uh $20.80." So I quickly did the math on my order after witnessing this and saw that my order totaled $17.28. The owner up-charged me 0.72¢ - disgraceful! If she does this for every customer that walks in, she'll have a nice tidy sum at the end of the day. The food is definitely *not* worth buying (she's stealing from you there already) and I definitely won't be returning here again.La primera vez que fui me pareció la comida que tenía buen gusto pero un poco costosa, entonces la segunda vez me dieron un guacamole que no era fresco y los tostones también y por un plato sencillo pagué 30 dólares, sin incluir la propina. Pueden cobrar un poco más caro si quieren pero por favor sean consientes de brindar algo que los clientes queden satisfechos, en pocas palabras, lo que cobran es demasiado para el servicio que brindan.Eh, had better. Mediocre all around. Waited 20 min for them only to remind them about my burrito they forgot to make. Girl up front made it immediately after I asked if they even started working on my order. Took her three min to whip it up.  Waste of time. You're better off going somewhere with better staffing. Not worth the trip if you only have an hour for lunch.The place was very good nice staff.me and my husband wanted something different the lemonade was wonderful the burrito was great and my husband got the half chicken great liltle gem.they forgot my salad but it is OK we will be coming back.thank you keep up the good work.Okay so i just called them about a half hour ago to order Delivery and was told "we have a lot of deliveries tonight, you want pick up?" I said no sorry and they said alright and hung up on me so just FYI I will not be ordering from them ever again.
Screw that.Food was tasty, but the service was slow! I had to sit myself down, help myself to the takeout menu, and read it for about 10 minutes,  before the waitress showed up. I ordered the pork chop with yellow rice, and a side of sweet plantain. I also had the chicken soup, which was tasty and  brought back memories of mom's cooking. In fact, everything was tasty, but they just need to cook up more fast, friendly customer service!So my girlfriend took me here because she was hungry and I've never been. This place isn't bad in the slightest sense. Very authentic Spanish restaurant. But it wasn't spectacular in any sense of the fashion. At least what I got to eat, which was the Cuban sandwich. My girlfriend got two empanadas and rotisserie chicken with rice and beans. The Cuban sandwich was good, just a little dry. Luckily they gave mustard dip with it, or I'd have to take drink after every bite. Which I wouldn't be mad with either, because the lemonade was the best part of my meal! Very tarty!
I tried my girlfriend's rice and beans, which tasted like Spanish rice and beans. At least the closest you could get to my grandmothers that I ate when I was younger(I'm Puerto Rican). Overall, this is a good place I'd go back to and try more food to see if I like it more. The ladies that worked there were all nice.
P.S. We only had a $100 bill and they struggled to get change for it, so I'd make sure to have less than that or your card.A great little find in a small strip mall. We are always on the lookout for good Latin food. Absolutely love the monfongo with shrimp or chicken. Super friendly staff with the owner on site. A favorite for a quick delicious meal.Surprised at the less than 4 star ratings. (Maybe the area or outside strip mall?). Dunno. I've been here a few times and have always enjoyed the food and really friendly service. The rotisserie chicken is so tender and delicious. I'm pretty sure it's subjected to a brine (salt) marinade as it's a little salty but oh so tender. Coupled with mofongo and their gravy and you have a nicely portioned and delicious meal.Here are in Philly for a business trip and we in the mood for some Puertorican food, well we picked a great place.  The place is very clean, good service and the food.  The food was excellent, my wife had mofongo with lechon and I had lechon with rice and beans.  Everything was very tasty and one of the best puertorican restaurants we ave visited outside Puerto Rico.  The meals are large enough that you can take some home for later.LOVED this place!!!  The food was amazing and I got a large amount for my money.  I had the stewed chicken which was incredible.  I'm actually going way out of my way to go again tonight!  Highly recommend :)I ordered via Uber eats. I'm a single mom and today was one of those days i didn't feel like cooking but my son wanted rice. So i ordered the roasted pork (pernil) with rice and gandules, the kids white rice with beans with rotisserie chicken, a side of potato salad and sweet plantain. The pernil was mine and I was excited i haven't had it since Thanksgiving. Ok so I'm 100% Dominican ok so I know how things should taste. so anyways the roasted pork omg it was soo sooo salty wow..i couldn't eat it..the rice is very blan... the sweet plantain was fried to black..and the potato salad omg i know us spanish peeps put a dash of vinager but Jesus that potato salad taste like straight vinegar..i was like ok i can't eat my food let me eat the beef empanadas you can't go wrong with something like That..man it was so bland..i couldn't finish..the end of the story is i had to end up cooking...$30 wasted but i wish them luck because i will not order from here again.So what a huge disappointment!
They where out of "Spanish rice"
How is a Spanish place out of "Spanish rice"?
Was going to order a Cuban sandwich and they where out of bread.. Bread?!?!
The fried pork pieces are disgusting. I do not know how any one thinks they are good. They where so over cooked. Was almost like eating really bad bacon jerky that was all fat, it was soo disgusting. Don't know why but they reminded me of dog treats or something. 
Ordered tres lech cake put cold cake in same bag as steaming hot food. Icing/cream melted all over the bag. Was a total mess. 
The beef fritter was ok but was way too greasy to eat almost. 
They did get two stars because the empanadas where good. Kinda hard to screw them up though. Would only go back ever to just get empanadas maybe.This place has really sacrificed what use to be Good  food to make a profit and it really shows in the quality of their food. I was so disappointed when I called in a order of their Octopus Salad. The first time I ordered it, the round container was so filled!!!, I could eat off it for 2 days. Not only are they using a much smaller container...... now the bottom of the container is filled with lettuce. To top it off.....I may have had a little less then a cup of the meats that made up the salad.   The $14.00 is a thing of the past too. I thought it was a lot to pay back then but, I enjoyed it so much....  I paid their price. Now.... They've raised their price and replaced the big container for a smaller container and it has less meat. 
I tried their pork platter. It was obvious any seasons that may have cost more then $1.00 was considered too much. The pork was dry and had no taste what so ever. It was an expensive waste of my money. 
I can say... that their quality of food leaves a lot to be desired ..... and they over compensate with big containers of rice with everything.
They have definitely lost me as a customer....Horrible rice is hard an no taste maybe they should lower that prices cause food not worth it chicken dry as hell I'm pissed I drove to this placeWalked in to place an order to go. Paid. Waited 25 minutes for the food. Arrived home to eat only to discover our order of plantains were missing. We were the only customers there, so don't really understand how it was looked over. Called to say they forgot them, and the girl said, "Ok......?", like it wasn't their problem... I asked if someone could deliver them, she said "No. Delivery guy isn't here." Asked if we wanted our money back, I said no, not even worth the trip. NO APOLOGY, NO "Yes we'll send it right out." Whatever.. their guacamole is watery and flavorless, nothing there is as "authentic" as their menu claims. Take your taco cash elsewhere. This place blows. Ew...The steak burrito is so good and i really enjoyed it despite the fact that i hate beans, the empanada is good as well. I also really recommend the beef potato ball with gravy, i've personally never had anything like it, would 10/10 order it again. Also, the sweet plantain with beef & cheese is good, I enjoyed the bite that I took but I also dont like plantain, if i liked plantain in general i wouldve ate the whole thing.Wife and I came here because she was in the mood for empanadas that we didn't make in the oven at home. Spanish Island was pretty much the closest to us, and the prices looked right. After our meal here, you Yelpers were again pretty much spot on with Spanish Island.
The restaurant appears to be a converted pizza place? But, there was Latin music playing and lots of people eating with others coming in consistently so it must be liked by a lot. 
We had a filling meal of a beef empanada each, a chicken empanada each, Spanish yellow rice, and I also had some sweet plantains. For drinks, wife had a bottle Coke (no fountain drinks), and I had a vanilla/orange cream style beverage. The empanadas we had were tasty but not super flavorful. The rice was just ok, and I think I could have finished at least five or six of the orange vanilla drinks. The sweet plantains were like candy. Loved them, too. Everything was definitely better than if I tried to do this at home. 
There were plenty of staff keeping the show running, and they were friendly.
They also promote a catering menu, and have family meals.
$23 without tip for two.Absolutely love this place.  Was soo sad when I moved out of the northeast and couldn't order it.  I still make the trip down from warrington for this food.  Flavorful, filling and delicious!yumm. add some of their chicken soup broth to the yellow rice & it's even better. magnificentDuring this entire quarantine I have wanting some amazing Spanish food and honestly this is the place to go! The way they are handling rude and impatient customers is amazing! The food was 100% amazing no doubt and they constantly updated us on our order! We ordered 2 family dinners and was not disappointed at all. Highly recommend!!!!! Thank you for being amazing to us during this pandemic!!This place provide  great customer service , food is delicious, definitely will be returningThe food here took me back to my country (Dominican Republic). The food was freshly made. The service was good and helpful. The drinks were good. Would recommend this restaurant to anyone that likes good authentic spanish food.This spot is does not serve enough food for what you pay for. We order the pork sandwich and Cuban sandwich and let me tell you it was super sad. Hardly NO meat in the sandwich. Save your 7 bucks!!!2 1/2 stars. Had a fried pork platter with yellow rice and beans on 9/3/16 - Food was on the dry side, but it had a decent taste. 
Would consider trying them again, but probably won't.This place serves the best beef patties and spanish food in the northeast area. Best bet is to go there and pick up your food. Dont rely on them to deliver it to your house because it'll be on someone else's doorstepsFood is okay , services is bad they really need to get some waitress that actually want to serve you ,Overpriced not the best.I keep trying this place thinking I will like it . It used to be good but now it's just bad Spanish food. Today I got pulpo salad and it was horrible! It had black olives no type of vinegar at all and it tasted like our oil . I am just like‍. The flan isn't that good either . I've had the arroz con candules too can't say I'm impressed. People rave about this place but it's not even mediocre.I ordered food for delivery we received our meals and as we start to serve, found human hair in both meals, I was disgusted by it I called the restaurant and spoke with the manager she apologized not enough, we are in a pandemic, food service has to work with proper cleanliness. I will never order from here again gross!If you plan on having food delivered, forget about it.  I've called three times this week only to be told they aren't delivering today.  Why advertise that you deliver if you obviously don't???  The food isn't that great but it's the only spanish place around me to order from but I guess I'll just have to find another spot.This place doesn't have delivery, they have their "own" app to order from. Well twice in a row my order never gets to me. I gave them a second chance thinking it was a once in a lifetime problem. Welp nope they shit the bed again. Instead of getting with the times and being on ubereats or Grubhub or the old fashioned way and having a delivery driver, they try to reinvent the wheel. Takes 2 weeks to get your money back. They give you a run around, contact the driver and this and that and call back in 15 minutes. Unprofessional. Terribly ran establishment.Came here for lunch, and had their Cuban Sandwich. Wasn't the best i've had, but still decent for the Northeast Region. Service was good though.The food was great and the staff was very pleasant. I was greeted right away and given a takeout menu. I placed my order and it was ready within 10 minutes. The food was hot and flavorful, The slow roasted pork was tender and moist. And the prices are reasonable. Not a complain to be had. I will definately go backI was browsing UberEats for good Latin food.
Overall, Spanish Island had good reviews and reasonable prices and decided to give it a shot.
I think that for the price, the food meets expectation. I wouldn't say it's over the top good but reasonable and acceptable.
Despite the presentation (probably due to transit), the plantain boat was my favorite from this order! For $5, you can't beat it - nice balance of sweet and savory - perfect appetizer!
The Cuban Sandwich was good, and according to UberEats a popular item. For $7.50, I'm content! 
The pepper and steak with rice and beans, again was ok. Good portion but the steak was a bit dry and the beans seemed to be poured right out of a can of beans with added tomato stew. 
The tres leches cake (biscocho) was a huge disappointment. First, it was denser than expected, the milk mixture was too sweet and cake was drenched. Lastly, most places will use whipped cream or a light butter cream to top off, this cake used thick vanilla icing