Not a fan.  If you don't explicitly ask for something they don't put it on.  Also very small portions.  Feeling like a tourist trap!  Small portions, unimpressive- Subway would make a better one.  The mushrooms are the ones out of the can Save your money.Pretty good! The line was quite long at lunchtime, but it went quick. I think it would be worthy of four stars, but they lose out because our orders werent complete. I asked for mushrooms, and my husband asked for peppers, and the sandwiches we got didnt have them. But, they were good sandwiches regardless.Wanted a cheese steak and headed to closest place. Place was packed l. Good sandwich (steak and provolone) but pricey compared to size of sandwich.Hefty portions for the hefty price, but an undistinctive cheesesteak at that. I'd have to agree with everyone else here who says this is overrated. The meat and cheese weren't flavorful and the roll tasted generic, with the overall effect being that of a super-sized cafeteria sandwich. The server was courteous and funny, though, probably helped by the fact that I showed up during a slow period.Service is terrible. I waited in line for long long time while the staff are angry. Worst cheesesteak I've ever tried by far.Not impressed at all. The one place i didnt yelp and it was one of the worst.  Big mistake . I saw the long line and assumed it was good.  They charged extra for lettuce, tomatoe and mayo. They didnt toast the bread and it was kinda cold. There wasnt enough meat for the size of sub i got.  meat I found it to be overpriced. The staff wasnt all that friendly either.  Definitely wont be coming back. 
Definitely yelp ur places!!!!!!Came here on a business trip so I decided to try the first Philly steak place I saw in the Market. There was a long line so I figured this was a good sign. The staff taking orders have horrible attitudes... horrible. The cooks were efficient, but the grill was real dirty! My sandwich was done in less than 10 min. We sat and ate.... the sandwich was good but the meat had no flavor... none at all and was dry.  Zero seasoning!?? The cheese made up for the meat so it was overall good but not sure I would return. They are better than Pat, Genos & Carmen's.I rarely write reviews, but had such a bad experience here last Saturday, I felt compelled to write one for this place. I would give this place 0 stars if I could. Went to RT for lunch with my family, and my dad and I decided on cheesesteaks.  First of all, the lady taking orders was beyond rude. I know you have a line and want to move people through it fast, but people will have questions. She basically ignored all our questions, never looked at us and got really annoyed when we tried to say anything. The girl next to her was just as bad. Had to tell her multiple times what we wanted to drink. She got annoyed at us when she was the one forgetting what drinks wanted. Spataro obviously tries to make sure their customers never come back for a second time.  Fortunately I didn't pay much attention to the cook. I imagine he is like what people say in the other reviews.
After the rude ordering experience, I thought maybe the cheesesteak will make up for it.  Nope.  As others have said.  Very dry, not much flavor and also not much cheese in the sandwich. Have had made much better pretty much everywhere else. My dad couldn't even finish his, he disliked it so much, and he rarely throws away food. 
On top of the horrible food and service, it was way over priced. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Everything about it was terrible.Does not really provide the real philly cheese steak. Very little cheese and meat is in very small pieces. I've had a lot better.Went here to get a cheesesteak but was extremely disappointed. The meat was very dry. Steak-umms are juicier than this meat. It was very bland tasting. The american cheese was not even melted just heated up. The fries were soggy and bland. The line moved quickly so I will give it two stars.Yummy philly cheesesteaks! They have been known to be oily in other places but not here! Big portion and tender meat with yummy veggies for 9.99! Good location in a cute market! I would come back!Isn't Philly cheese stake supposed to be as iconic New York pizza? That's what I expected here, but sadly they did not deliver, and I ended up feeling like I'd just wasted more than $10 on sub standard take away sandwich. What was the beef? Bland. With onion and provolone, it didn't even taste seasoned = BLAND.Was in the mood for a steak while shopping at the Terminal Market, I didn't have high hopes tbh after reading the reviews of this place . I got exactly what the other reviews got , a bland , boring steak. Wasn't bad .. Or good .. Was just meeehhh.. So many better food options at the market that I actually felt stupid for going there . Service was fast and friendly . The sandwich was just dry and boring . Needed more wiz, some type of hot sauce and some cherry peppers .. In other words , it needed to be PAT'S.. Lol. I won't be repeating .exactly what this 2 star rating system says it is... "Meh. I've experienced better."
If you're in philly, just drive somewhere else or walk to a diff cheesesteak place in this market and get a better one. 
The cheesesteak was meh. the meat was dry and kinda bland. 
Some good things though... they do give you a lot of meat. more than carmen's which is also in the market. and the cheese was pretty good (i got provolone)
But yeah. not the best chesesteak. 
just go to Dinic's and get a roast pork with broccoli rabeThe line for this place was incredibly long, so I decided to get my cheesesteak here, without consulting yelp. That was a mistake. 
To be fair, I didn't get sick from my food. But after waiting close to 30 minutes for my food, I'm expecting something amazing. I got the cheesesteak, with whiz, peppers, onions and mushrooms. I guess because I ordered it with a few things extra, they decided to let 6 people cut in front of me and get their sandwiches first. I was not a fan of that. 
When we finally ate our sandwiches, my friends and I all agreed. They were flavorless. The steak sandwiches at Subways are 100x better than what we ate here. I don't understand why the line for this place is so long.Really nothing special. The difference between the steaks you can get from the carts around center city and this joint is just the price. Now don't get me wrong, I like the cart steaks, but they are half the price. Maybe the bread was a quarter of a notch better than the rolls from the carts. Maybe it was the same. Meh. I do appreciate that they use "real" american cheese as opposed to american cheese sauce.
The girls that work there have a bit of an attitude, so if you like that kind of thing, enjoy. I don't have the taste for that. If you do, you probably like getting whipped while hanging out in a dungeon decked out in patent leather. Whatever turns you on. These lovely ladies also try and upsell you a bunch, which is also not my favorite. They ask me if I wanted peppers. They ask me if I wanted mushrooms. They asked me other stuff. I ordered the cheesesteak specifying the kind of cheese and whether I wanted onions. It was obvious this wasn't my first cheesesteak. Maybe if they had a different demeanor I could believe that they were trying to "offer to enhance my cheesesteak" but I don't believe so. 
The steak was chopped up really fine, and wasn't too bad. At the RTM, there are lots of options. And in Philly, there are a lot of cheesesteak joints. Remember that.Incredibly bad Philly cheese steak- low quality meat, dry and plain! It's also overprice. Irony any Philly cheese steaks in Chicago or NYC are better than this place.Honestly worst cheesesteak philly's ever had. And rude cook who was yelling at a customer just because she didnt hear him call her number.Pleasantly surprised.  Being a native I have my steak spots so when I terminal for lunch I opt for other treats.  Had some TX friends visiting and on time constraints.  So the reading terminal was our one stop food spot.  They have never had a cheesesteak so we opted to try Spataro's in our philly foods sampling.  I forewarned that I had never been and was not sure how good it is but there is always a line and it's been here for years so it couldn't be bad.   Sure enough I was right and it was better than I expected.  Everyone was a fan.   Its not my best of philly vote but if you're visiting....  highly recommend over the trek to tourist traps Genos & Pats.  Quality of steak is superior to these famous spots and it's a great location walking distance to the city sights.I only had the breakfast sandwich but it was awesome!  I also enjoyed the ambience of being in reading terminal.. Great people watching area..Per my Coworker:
Rude staff. 
They pretend to put onions on your cheesesteak, even if it's clear that you really like onions and ask twice if they put onions on it. There are a hundred other places to eat in the RTM next time I will be eating elsewhere. 
#BringYourOwnOnionsWhile this was my first ever Philly Cheesesteak, I have a sneaking suspicion that someday I will say there are better ones out there. Also, the guy who makes them, while very friendly, has got to be breaking every single health code standard ever. Not a glove or hairnet in sight. Go elsewhere.Eehh, it was just ok.  Nothing spectacular. Just a cheesesteak with very small amount of cheese,  peppers, mushrooms and onions.Me and my wife went on vacation and stayed in Philly for one nite. We seen the liberty bell and jumped on the Phlash to go down a couple blocks to Reading Terminal Market. I have never had a Cheesesteak before but this one was SO GOOD! I just had ketchup and lettuce on it and this thing rocked. Everybody was nice and there is plenty of open seating near it.I ordered 3 cheesesteaks to-go during our family trip to the market in which you will find this establishment. I couldn't find the shop I wanted among all the other stalls offering cheese steaks and Philly favorites, so I settled on this one.  They offer different cheeses and versions of the famous cheese steak sandwich.  The subs were prepared quickly and in organized fashion.  We weren't wowed by the steaks, but they were tasty.  The bread could be better toasted and warmed for my liking, while I found the steak to be drier than I like.  I asked for ketchup,  but it wasn't enough to add flavor or moisture. It's worth the stop if you're looking for cheese steak,  but there are also many other options.I couldn't leave PHL without having at least one Philly cheesesteak. When I saw the long line in front of Spataro's, and with 72 years of experience, I was sure I'd have a good one here. I ordered a cheesesteak with provolone cheese and cooked onions. The sandwich I received had no cheese and very few onions. The meat was dry, dry, dry -- so much that it  was crumbly and literally fell out of the roll. The meat was totally void of taste and desperately needed at least some salt. Do yourself a favor and skip Spataro's.this place is an absolute complete joke. Girl behind the register with a nose ring is the absolute most rude person i have ever met. Gave me the blank cmon man look when i was trying to ask questions. Got yelled at by the fat girl again for forgetting a bag when i couldnt hear. Would never recommend this shit hole to anyone. Big fat ugly man on the grill thinks hes too cool for school i mean , i understand if the food was actually good . but cmon man? i was spitting out chunks of black burned shit when was the last time they cleaned the grill. Also dont come here if u have kids because u will hear the fat man shouting profanity at his workers. WORST STEAK IN PHILLY not worth the wait not worth anything really.Needed a microscope to find the Cheese whiz and still didn't see it. Canned mushrooms. Steak ums. Good peppers and fresh bread. Line moves fast.Went here to have a Philly cheesesteak... this place was a total disappointment. I've had better cheesesteaks in Virginia. I tried it with the "cheese whiz" because they recommended it because it was my first time. And it was so bland and needed a lot more flavor. It's was pretty gross. Also tried the cheesesteak with American cheese... tasted the same. The cheesesteak was still gross. Travel a little further and get yourself a real Philly cheesesteak.We did a cheesesteak comparison by trying DeNic's (also in the Reading Terminal Market), Spataro's, and my all time hands down favourite Tony Luke's (not in the RTM).
I order a cheeseteak and specified no peppers or mushrooms and of course when I opened it, it had peppers, canned mushrooms, and a bonus (pubic hair).
Before I saw the hair, I had eaten about half of the sandwich already grousing at how nothing compares to Tony Luke's so I knew I wouldn't be going back to Spataro's anyways. And when I saw the hair, I was too grossed out and ended uo checking the sandwich away not even bothering to wrap it back! And I didn't bother telling them because for me, i will NEVER be going back to Spataro's!
I'd rate this at below zero if I coukd have -- not sure why there is a queue for this place.
The photo attached is 1/4 of the sammy not containing the hair.Most disgusting cheese steak ever. We threw it away and went to Dutch East. Fries were edible.Not my favorite, but not the worst I've had. It was kind of dry. I had to use some of the cheese from the cheese fries to Give it some flavor. Ordering is a little confusing, because you have to order on one side and pick up on the other. My husband ordered two and cheesefries, when he went to pick up; they said the ticket had only one on it. He knew he ordered two because it was for three of us. The girl at the register was snippy and rude, but the girl controlling the line quickly put a kabash on that and helped my husband out.Average tasting cheesesteak made quickly from a standard menu of options. Staff is polite and prices are consistent with other options in Reading Terminal.I really should have consulted Yelp prior to getting this cheesesteak. I just figured I was in the famous Reading Market so everything must be good. I was so, so incredibly wrong.
Eating a Spataro's Cheesesteak is low key my fault. As stated, I did not check my trusty Yelp app for the best cheesesteak options within the market. I also noticed Spataro's line was leaps and bounds shorter than Carmen's. See, if I were a true foodie, I would have known to go with the longer line. However, I was lazy and impatient. You can take my foodie card whenever you please, I understand. 
I ordered three cheesesteaks: one wit(h) onions, mushrooms & provolone, one wit(h) onions & provolone, and one wit(h) onions, mushrooms and wit(h) onions, mushrooms & cheese whiz. (I'm throwing out the wits simply because I want the respect of native Philadelphians.) I also had two sides of fries. The line was slow moving - but nearly everything with a line in Reading is. You have to be patient and hope to be rewarded with excellent food. For nearly every stall here, that will be the case. For Spataro's...not so much. 
There didn't seem to be a rhyme or reason as to how the sandwiches were coming out. People before me waited longer than people behind me. I couldn't comprehend it as everything that I saw on the flat top was steak. We're all ordering the same thing; what gives? I eventually received all my food and sat down with my family.
I don't know if this is typical of Philly cheesesteak, but boy - these babies were dry and bland. I noticed the DeNic's roast pork also seemed to be missing some lubricant so I tried to chalk it up to a Philly preference. That being said, these sandwiches desperately needed seasoning. The veggies and cheese were practically non-existent. In order for that to be okay the meat needed to really shine. If you aren't aware, cheesesteak meat is typically thinly sliced ribeye. Because it's being cooked well done, it needs to be seasoned well and made by someone who knows what they're doing. It's blatantly obvious that Spataro's is just throwing whoever back there because the meat was borderline crispy and dreadfully dull. I had to hunt down some mayo just to get the sandwich down. I'm that type of person who will suffer through mundane food if I bought it myself. Remember guys, I just finished college. The pocketbooks aren't exactly overflowing at the moment.
Do yourself a favor and skip Spataro's. Go to Carmen's. Or better yet, venture to Reading Terminal for anything but cheesesteaks. Take a hike over to one of the OG spots like Pat's or Geno's so you can get an authentic cheesesteak experience and make a sound decision on whether or not you actually like them. Giving them 2 stars is me trying to be a nice person. Don't make the same mistakes I did.Listen, I stood in the line with all the other folks in Reading Terminal taking a risk, a gamble on whether or not this would be a good cheesesteak. It sucks! Sadly, I couldn't get service well enough to dig through more reviews because this place's main product is disgusting! There was nothing wrong with my tots except I had to wait awkwardly outside of the line having received my steak and I hadn't gotten my tots yet. But seriously, SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY! This place is not even friendly to make up for the lack of their below subpar steak. Truly sad to have been duped as a native Philadelphian. I'll stick to my regular haunts.Walking around Reading Terminal this weekend, we decided to grab a cheesesteak at Spataro's as part of our lunch run here (and it's close to The Original Turkey, which is where we went to get the rest of our food). The line can be a little slow, as it's one person working the register and one guy making all the steaks. I can't speak to whether or not he simply leaves meat cooking if no one is in line...if so, that's poor form. But on a busy weekend day, everything is getting made fresh on the spot, so no complaints from me. It probably took around 15 minutes or so from getting onto line to getting the steak, but it was hot and fresh off the grill. The meat is pretty standard, but it's pretty succulent and doesn't really require anything additional on it. Combined with a hearty dose of Whiz (it definitely looked like he gave 4 or 5 generous pumps from the dispenser, you get what any cheesesteak should be - properly greasy, cheesy goodness. I also like that the Whiz doesn't coagulate on the steak like it has at other places I've had...I think this is due to the fact that after Whizzing up the bun, the guy places it on top of the meat and lets it cook for all of about 5 seconds - enough to keep it all in its gooey glory. The buns are soft and fresh as well, so you don't crunch through and make a mess.
I wouldn't call it the best steak I've ever had, but it's definitely better than a good number that I've had in Philly in the past (as well as just about better than any I've had in NY). If you're in Center City, you can probably do worse for a steak...the only downside is the wait (if you're in a rush) and that it costs almost $9 after-tax...which seems a bit high, but it's been almost 5 years since I was here for school, so with inflation it might make a bit of sense.Okay... So I came here due to suggestions that it's better than Pats, Genos, and Tony Lukes.. My expectations were high of course....
I'll make this short... This is a cart cheese steak.. Not really sure why a lot are comparing it to Pats, Genos, and TL..... I can get the same steak on a cart for a cheaper price...
Servings is okay thoughRarely do I have enough effort to log into yelp to write a review but this place more than deserves this. 
POSSIBLY WORST CHEESESTEAKS IN PHILLY. This place is a complete joke. The cheesesteak roll is wrong, the meat is terrible, they literally give you 1/4 of the amount of meat as any other place in philly, the service is terrible, the line is terrible, the price is ridiculous. I felt like I was getting an inauthentic kids size cheesesteak. How is this place even in business?  The worst part is that a lot of tourists come to philadelphia for a cheesesteak and they're given this crap!? 
Dont go here.We came for Reading Terminal Market for breakfast and there are a billion merchants to choose from so it's tough to actually hone in on a place because there are just so many options! We were so indecisive so we just settled on Spataro's for a breakfast sandwich. We figured we would go to a more iconic place for a cheese steak.
I just ordered a bacon, egg and cheese breakfast sandwich and thought it was mediocre. The bacon wasn't that crispy and the bread was too soft. Lots of eggs in the sandwich though. It's a decent sized sandwich and tied me over for the morning. 
I'm sure you can find a better place for a breakfast sandwich inside Reading Terminal Market but Spataro's just happened to be in the area we decided to finally pick a place.Spataro's offers a solid cheesesteak but quite honestly it isn't any better than Jersey Mike's and no where near the quality of White House subs. Their tater tots are good but again nothing out of the ordinary.Avoid.
Staff: Rude
Ceesesteak:  Lacked flavor.  Definitely over priced.  With so many other awesome options in the market, this is one is not worth the wait or price.2.5 stars.
Crowed, busy day at the market.  Its July, people want out of the heat.
The wife had a lunch with out of town co-workers at Spataro's.  
Line was long, but service moved along quickly.
Ordered a cheesesteak with extra American cheese, fries and drink.
Sandwich was greasy, cheese not melted.  Soggy roll.
Fries were fine and meat was finely chopped and not grisly.   Sandwich was stuffed with meat.
Not bad, but not great.
Meh.I think Spataro deserves more love than it is getting. I thought their cheesesteak was amazing. The meat was so finely chopped, flavorful and yet not overly salty or greasy (relatively speaking, of course). The roll was a lovely thing and the cheese (we chose provolone) took a backseat to the quality of the beef, which I for one appreciated. Skip the silly lines at di nick's and go here!Didn't think it was possible to get a horrible cheesesteak in this city, but it seems possible after visiting Spataro's. Researched a bunch of different places at the Reading Terminal, and unfortunately I didn't spend enough time looking into this place before we decided on trying a Cheesesteak (with American) for lunch. It was quick to order, but I stood in a confusing line for about 10 minutes before I was handed a truly disappointing sandwich. 
While it was kind of fun to watch the grill master work, it just made me terribly sad to see him work with frozen sheets of mystery meat and that my sandwich was going to be made from the dried out heap of meat that had been sitting on the grill waiting to be worked with while he went through the other meat. We ordered french fries to go with the sandwich, and without any instruction from the cashier, you pick them up at the other end of the counter from where you pick up the sandwiches. Fortunately I was standing in front of the fry cook when he shouted "if you order fires, you pick them up here," so i learned the trick, but I imagine others have probably never gotten their fries since they weren't so lucky. 
After all that waiting the fries (in a plastic clamshell) were limp and had no seasoning.  The meat was also lacking in any flavor/seasoning and was incredibly dried out. It also tasted and smelled burnt, most likely because it sat on the grill so long waiting to thaw and be used in a sandwich. Was it the worst sandwich I've ever eaten? No. But there are certainly much better options in Philly and certainly within the Terminal to give your time and money to.This place is terrible 
Order your food and than wait 40 minutes for it to be prepared 
Overpriced and underwhelming 
Don't waste your money or more importantly your timeOk this place was quick.  The staff was friendly and happy. And the line moved at a great pace.  The meat was decent and the bread was ok.  I ordered the Cheesesteak with mushrooms onions and sweet peppers.  The sandwich was big and hot.  The thing that knocked this down in my opinion was that the peppers tasted like they were vinegar soaked and the whole sandwich tasted like vinegar.  Not the taste of a traditional cheesesteak.  I will try the other place next week.  But this place isn't worth the timeI'm at the Reading Terminal Market. I'm also in Philly at the same time. I'm also craving some cheese steak. So, after scoping out the stalls here at the market, I said I'll be purchasing here.
So, a cheese steak with cheese wiz, mushrooms, onions and peppers. I paid at the counter, they game me a number and a few minutes later, my order comes out at the other side. 
Cheese Steak: It was ok,, didn't really present very well. The cheese was at the bottom, so all of my snapchat followers were like, "where's the cheese?" The taste was pretty good, but still wasn't better than then food carts out on the streets. 
Service was pretty good. Their area is kept clean and tidy. Very welcoming sight and their employees were really nice. 
Thank you for reading my review. I hope all that stuff helps. Enjoy your awesome yelptastic day!!!Hmm I thought the sandwich was decent it wasn't amazing as the other places I tried. But it was a simple sandwich with brikset,cheese whiz , onions and mushroom. The bread itself was okay wasn't amazing or anything. The taste was good but in my opinion it taste alot more better than Tommy dinics spotI can't say I'm a huge philly cheesesteak snob but when we were short on time and just HAD to have one before we left the city, we came here to try the hype out. Yes, I hear it's no Jims or whatever, but this place was dank. The bread was soft, the meat was cooked perfectly, and the cheez whiz was the glue that held it all together. Even the sweet peppers here were on point. We came here at 9 am on a Monday so there wasn't a line and the people are friendly when you order. Overall, I enjoyed this place a lot!One star for the cashier. Acts like we are bothering them in their own home. If this IS your home, don't invite people to order food. You don't like where you work and what you do, GTFO.  Remember, you're at work, people gonna want some service without the bitchy attitude.Fast friendly service for a VERY busy restaurant. They were very efficient and had a great system. We were able to find seating at the market but I can see how that can be difficult most days. I had the Philly Cheesesteak with Cheese Whiz and though it was pretty tasty!Had this as my last lunch in Philly. This was the better of the cheesesteaks that I had all week! If you visit the Reading Market Terminal, you gotta try this place out! To get it the Philly way, you need to get your Cheez team with cheese wiz!Just had lunch here.  I asked for a steak with provolone, lettuce tomato, mayo, onion and hot peppers.  Found a table  and my sandwich was missing the hot peppers completely, the steak was dry and I couldn't find the provolone except for maybe a few crumbs.  My wife ordered a steak and cheese as well but she was satisfied with her sandwich (all different addons)..  I guess I'm pickier.  We also ordered one order of fries and 2 medium sodas.  For a total bill of just under $31 I will not be going back here.I had some extra time to get something to eat before getting to work so I really wanted to try something at Reading Terminal that isn't $5, but a little under. So this place has egg sandwiches that start at $3ish, so I got the egg and cheese on wheat toasted sliced bread for $3.75 included with tax. Not bad, unless you're comparing to some food cart breakfast sandwiches that might not be using quality bread or actual whole wheat bread. Most carts don't even have that type of bread selection. This is obviously worth it here, as most places I've found in Reading Terminal is $5 and above for a breakfast sandwich that has extra stuff with it, which I don't want. I just wanted a simple egg sandwich, and I'm glad I found just the place that has it! I don't carry cash most times so it's better for me. But of course, it's better for any businesses to pay with cash than with card. I can't wait to eventually try their cheesesteaks and other food though! Until next time.Go here if you're new to the cheesesteak.  You can go to Geno's too for that tourist feel.  But if you want legit cheesesteak, then Tony Luke's is probably your best bet.  People seem to like Spataro though.  Their line was much longer than Carmen's.
I thought it was ok.  They could have put a little more meat or even onions and peppers for the price I paid.  But for many, this place is a necessity more than a novelty.  With all of the businesses in the area, Spataro can charge a premium price without putting out a premium product.
No longer interested...My Philly cheesesteak was amazing. But the fries are lacking. I wouldn't waste my money getting them just the sand which. Not the best Philly I've ever had but overall it's worth trying.The breakfast was so delicious. The Philly cheesesteak was good but it was the only one I ended up trying this trip. I would definitely go back for the breakfastMy review in bullet points:
- Long line but went super fast
- A bit pricey considering the fare
- Fries leave something to be desired
- PCS bread was great, wiz was - well, cheesy, and steak was well cooked but lacked seasoning
Considering this is the only Philly Cheese Steak I had while visiting, I almost want to go back to the city just to eat a better one...Comparing to other famous cheesesteak shop like Sonny's, this one is a bit flat. The meat is dry and less tasty. I guess you pay for what you get. Overall it is still good cheesesteak but need some improvement.I have had cheesesteaks from Philly and this is the worst. Very limited on the onions and cheese no salt. It was just bland and dry. The line was very long so I thought it would be good but it was just extremely disappointing.Ordered a cheese steak with hot peppers.  They put ketchup on their steaks,  was blown away a bit, but kind of enjoyed the taste.  Was just enough ketchup that it did not take away from the meat/bread.  Meat was nice and tender, peppers were just enough.  Roll was nice and fresh. 
One think I have found out about Philly Cheesesteaks, it seems the roll is what sets them apart.  There are so many choices that are outside the tourist traps (Geno's/Pat's).  Spataro's is one of them.We ordered 2 Philly cheese steaks, one with mushrooms and the other with banana jalapeños. They turned out delicious but they were only so good because I was accompanied by the most beautiful and amazing women I have met in my life (excluding my loving mother of course). I love her so much and although this is off on a tangent I couldn't resist including her on my review.l :)Nasty!  Just disgusting!  So overrated...don't waste your money!  Tourist trap...
I visited Philly for the floral show at the convention center as a work field trip.  My group decided to eat at RTM during the lunchtime rush.  Ugh  
*Advice to all...don't do it!  Especially during lunch hours*
My group decided to eat here...So disappointing!!
First, the staff was so rude.  Just simply, no customer service at all.  Short, curt answers.  No welcome, just a 'What do you want?' attitude as though they're doing me a favor.
Paid for my food ($16 bucks, btw, for a sub, bottle of water, and reg fries), then shuffled along to a side area to get my lunch.  The guys behind the window began to bark orders at everyone *literally screaming while rolling their eyes* to get fries first, then move down.  How were we supposed to know that?  There's no sign or anything to tell customers what to do.  And, you don't have to scream at your paying customers to get us to listen.
The overweight 'chef' then proceeded to touch raw meat, then the cooking utensils, then the sub bread with the SAME gloved hands.  Guess in Philly they've never heard of cross contamination!  Wonder if those gloves had been changed at all, all day?  Hmmm, where's the health department when you need 'em?
The ingredients I wanted on my sub were nonexistent.  It seemed as though the overweight guy was more focused on quantity vs. quality.  Not to mention, he didn't use an ounce of seasoning!  Literally, it was unmelted cheese, meat, and onions (forgot to add my lettuce, mushrooms, and peppers) on a sub roll.  That's it!  Nothing special, no seasoning.  Just a bland cheesesteak, in Philly of all places...the capital of delicious cheesesteaks.  Never again!  Save your money and your time and visit McDs instead.
One star for receiving extra ketchup.Lowest-ranking cheesesteak in Reading Terminal. Meat dry, cheese not melted, small portion for $10. There are better steaks in the market.We stumbled upon Spataro's while looking for breakfast options at the Reading Terminal. The ordering/pick up process is slightly confusing and unorganized. I got a bacon, egg, and cheese on a long roll, and my boyfriend got a steak, egg, and cheese. They were really tasty and filled us up. We each got a hash brown and they were just how I like them- crispy on the outside, tender on the inside. We also got coffees. They were fine. I would eat here again, but there's so many options for food spots in the RT and there was nothing spectacular about this place.DO NOT BUY FOOD from this place! The employees are rude especially the ladies at the register including the owner/manager. There was a hair on my steak sandwich and when we realized we had the wrong cheese On 2 of the order so went back and they accused me of ordering the wrong order and made me pay for a new one. As expensive as they are they should have as a courtesy granted a free one. I have never been to a place where customer service was not their priority. Walt's priority was not making the customer service!It was ok.   I will give it another shot next time.  Maybe I'm just not a fan of cheesesteaks.   I'll have some others and see.How can this be?!?!????
I am seriously kicking myself for FAILING to pull up the rating BEFORE I decided to place an order. Seriously, if I didn't know better I would swear this was a prank! Rudeness has to be one of the required skill sets to work here. This place gets the award for the worse customer service known to mankind. I have honestly ---never ever ever experienced such poor customer service at an establishment. I should've paid attention early on. 
As I approached the counter, two employees were in a heated exchange but I chalked it up to a bad moment. So I approach the counter to order and the cashier summoned me towards her as if I were the kid back in junior high that she didn't want to pick for her basketball team but had to because I was the only participant left. After paying, I stood in a different assembly styled line for food pick up, I witnessed the fry guy berating a customer who failed to hear her order number called the first time around. 
The fries & tots are on top of the counter and you can pick them up with no proof of payment. Weird but that's the set up. DIY. 
The sandwiches are decent but the service is so bad, I'd recommend skipping it even if there was a BOGO offer.A friend recommended this place. There was a long line that went around the corner! Being in Philly, I wanted to try a true Philly Cheese Steak. I had ordered the Philly Cheese Steak with provolone cheese, mushroom, onions and peppers! I thought the sandwich was very good, hot and juicy. I only wish the Cheese was melted more!Spataro's has the persona of a serious cheesesteak contender. It has gruff but fast-moving service with echoes of the Soup Nazi. Do not ask for gluten-free. But the sandwich disappointed. The meat wasn't very appealing and there wasn't enough cheese to cover it up.I should have checked yelp! I was deceived by the long lines here. The cheesesteak had was not great. Meat was bland and i couldn't find the cheese in my cheesesteak. And it cost more than better tasting cheesesteaks I've had from other places!I went to visit the Reading Terminal Market hoping to find a taste of the famous Philadelphia cheesesteak.  If you are reading this, do yourself a favor and try a different spot.  DO NOT ORDER IT HERE!!! The meat was dry and no flavor.  I had better cheesesteak in Virginia. 
I wasn't there to make friends but the service was awful, from the beginning to the end of my experience there.  The staff that were working on Tuesday the 9th were rude and didn't know how to make a proper Philadelphia cheesesteak.Wasn't amazing, wasn't horrible. I got the provolone cheesesteak with mushrooms- was a little dry & paid a dollar extra for mushrooms... Wasn't given many mushrooms. Fries were made from frozen bag. My dad got the cheesesteak with whiz (that is all the rave here) and did not like it. Not sure if that's the whiz he didn't like or the sandwich over all. 
If you are in Reading market looking for a cheesesteak, I would recommend going to Carmen's. Seemed to have a long line of people so that must mean it's goodWas headed for Gino's or Pat's for a cheesesteak but came here instead on a friends  recommendation.  Ordered a cheesesteak with wiz and mushrooms. A solid 4 * with a nice portion of meat. Inside the reading market that had plenty of seating but had to wait for a table. Will have to come back to Philly to try Gino and Pats :-)Spataro's had the shortest line out of all the cheesesteak places in the Market which is why I decided to get it from here. Now I know why no one was waiting here. The meat was dry and needed some more flavor/seasoning. Even with the fried onions to make it "wet", it was still dry. I asked for it with provolone and all it came with was one thin slice that wasn't melted at all. On the plus side, the roll was nice and soft and the hot peppers I added on was very good.Tried this place based on the longer line and not the average rating on yelp. Worst cheesesteak ever. Dry, flavorless and low quality meat best describe it. Maybe it was an off day. Don't think I'll come back to find out.Had to get a cheesesteak since I was craving it after I had it at Jim's 2 days prior so decided to grab lunch at Spataro, inside the Reading Terminal Market.
Decided on a cheesesteak with provolone and both sweet and hot peppers.  For each cheesesteak, you get three slices of cheese (either American or Provolone), which is a little stingy compared to some other places.  The steak is chopped up with the onions and whatever other toppings you want then skillfully stuffed into the roll.  To me, the sandwich was only... alright.  I think I'm forever spoiled by cheese whiz and want that for all my future cheesesteaks.  Not as much meat and even though the peppers were good, it can't compare to Jim's.  
I like how while you wait in line you can see the cook making your cheesesteak, although... I would much prefer if he wore a glove or something.
When I went for lunch, had to wait in line for about 15 min and then another 15 for me order. 
For a little over $8, the price is pretty reasonable for the area but there's much better food in the market to blow your $8.Gets a star for being edible.  Gets a second star for being edible the second day, thanks to generous portion size.  Other than that, there is nothing to see here, people.  I ordered a steak wit, whiz, xtra provolone.  The line was ridiculous for a Sunday evening so we thought it must be worth the wait.  It wasn't.  Again, it's hard to mess up steak, cheese, onions, and it wasn't bad, except that the bread they used was way too soft.  But even Subway makes a decent cheesesteak.  When you go to philly and want an amazing cheesesteak, pass on this place.  Far better steak shops, including By George (just down the aisle btw)!Reading Terminal Market is awesome by itself. I'd eat here every chance I could if I worked in the area. There's a Panera across the street. How the heck do they even stay in business? You could have an overly-orchestrated puny sandwich there, or get a huge cheesesteak done right at a place like Spataro's. Locals might find flaws, but I can't. Simple and perfect.The customer service at this place is horrible.... I placed my order, waited in line for 30 minutes and when I got to the pickup window my order was not ready and I was told to go to the back of the line because they lost my order ticket and didn't believe that I had actually placed an order.... this place is not worth the horrible treatment that you get from the employees