What is special about this Starbuck's is that the service is amazing (yay Paul!) and the atmosphere outside on a nice day is very neighborly with folks talking to eachother and the dogs are all out. The drinks and food are standard. Just wanted to say it's a nice place but check out Chestnut Hill Coffee if quality coffee and espresso is what you are seeking.I'm in here a few times a week during the morning rush. The manager is almost always working the floor rather than passively hanging around - and she's pregnant, too! The staff is always very, very friendly (even when the manager is not working). Keep in mind that this is an extremely popular location, so there is ALWAYS a line in the morning. But I've never had to wait an annoyingly long time for a beverage, and the quality is always great.This location randomly closed for renovations.  And then just as randomly, it opened without their Clover machine.  Which was the whole point.  Off to Chestnut Hill Coffee Co.This review is about an exceptional barista--His name is Ivan. 
Not only is Ivan skilled, he is also very kind and full of sunshine. He's the sort of person we all want to work alongside in our jobs and he elevates customer service to a standard that often seems a thing of the past. His friendly manner creates an atmosphere which is relaxed and makes you smile.
Somehow, Ivan remembers my quirky, unique order even though I don't come in every day--or even every other day.
Thank you, Ivan for your cheerfulness and consistently delicious orders :)I love starbucks ice coffee but this place is SO PACKED and SO SLOW and so tiny. And parking is hard outside.  I just avoid this place. There are so many wonderful starbucks nearby and this place is super annoying and I have been here many many times before realizing that it's the same every single time!!The new renovations make this place (intentionally?) uninviting to those who wish to do some work there and it is an overall change for the worse.  The new tables are tiny, so one could not use a laptop and book of notes at the same time (not even close).  I miss the old tables.  Maybe they wanted to get rid of the student crowd?The people who work and run this Starbuck's are nothing short of wonderful. The parking is not bad either because there are all the public lots in Chestnut Hill dotting Germantown Avenue labeled with PARKING signs which are free to customers. The cafe is clean and the staff really take pride in their work. The only drawback is the table size, but there have been a couple bigger tables introduced. I come to this place all the time and am never disappointed.Not only do the staff at this Starbucks take the time getting to know the regular customers, they treat every individual with a sincere kindness incomparable to any other coffee shop around. 
With their competitor, Chestnut Hill Coffee Co, up the block, the staff manage to being that small town coffee shop feel into this Starbucks. I have not been in a nicer Starbucks than this nor do not know of any nicer one (besides that faraway land of Seattle). It is also equipped with a clover machine which brews special reserve coffees you may only find at 52 other Starbucks in the country.
Overall, this Starbucks creates a warm and relaxing environment and is good for waiting around for a bus, gathering with friends, studying for finals, and just reading a book with a cup of coffee. For a Starbucks, it's a 5-star experience.This my staple.  However the place is getting run down.  The bathroom is not fresh and the floors are dirty.  Guys. ...close for a week or two deeeeeeep deeeeeeep clean.  Buy new furniture some good lighting and some happy crew and boom!This location is very understaffed.  Huge lines even before 7am.  Staffing issues getting worseTypical Starbucks so you know what you're getting. The service is really great here and the atmosphere is relaxing. The store doesn't look big from the outside but it goes back a bit farther to accomodate more tables for studying etc... The front of the store has comfy chairs and low tables which makes it ideal to hang out with friends. Very friendly staff which makes me want to visit again and again.I'm not exactly sure what to say about Starbucks that has not been said or thought by their average customer.  I don't drink coffee, nor do I make a habit of going to cafés, particularly chains.  I was randomly given a gift card by my boss, as she had forgotten about it and wanted to get rid of it, so my partner and I went earlier during a walk. I got a bottle of water, and he got a cold tea - nothing exciting or worth commenting on.  The staff was very kind though, so that's something.  They also had a ton of chairs and places to plug in laptops (you know, because we go out now but still avoid face-to-face communication).  I was not too impressed with the layout. The only coffee shop I ever loved was a place called JJ's, back in my hometown.  The sitting area had a fire place, gigantic overstuffed leather couches, a few end-table sized fountains, and lots of boardgames.  They closed because their child was diagnosed with a terrible disease and, according to what I was told, passed away.  This place has none of JJ's spark, personality, or warmth, but I suppose one should not expect that from a chain.This was always my studying spot, the baristas are very nice and they get my drink right unlike other branches of starbucks.Nice staff.  However, the bathrooms are always horrifically dirty and/or closed.  The store could really use an update on their furniture.  It's pretty worn.I like.that they have added some things to their menu .The slow roasted ham and Swiss has.become my new favorite. Catherine the manager is so sweet and always on top of things. I usually get the same thing but from time to time i switch it up and recently tried the BlackBerry Mojito iced tea , boy was it refreshing . I'd also like to give special nod to Avery he's always so friendly and goes out of his way to be helpful. Great job dude :-)If you've been to one Starbucks, you've pretty  much been to them all. That said this Starbucks has some of the friendliest staff, and plenty of room to sit and grab a drink, work on your computer, read a book or even people watch :)I understand the need to train staff, but come on!!! There were two staff here at 5:30 in the evening with 3 people infront of me that took over 10 minutes. Orders took forever because beverages could not be made due to training on the register. I ordered a midnight mocha frap and asked for no whipped cream, yet got it with whipped cream. Simply from the unpleasant wait I left unhappy and didn't even have it remade. As I walked outside I sipped my frap to find out it did not even have any mint in it.
In addition.... there was NO PLACE TO SIT inside due to customers who had long been done there beverages hogging up 2  seat tables to surf the internet. 
I'd expect much better at Starbucks!Soooooo incredibly slooooowwwww!!!!! All the time, crowd or not.so so so so so slow. So so soooooooooo s[ooooooopo so so slowLove this Starbucks for the following reasons:
 (don't worry Chestnut Hill Coffee Co- I still love you too).
1. Super Cozy
2. Usually enough seating (but seriously girl on the laptop- it's time you hit the road and give me that awesome chair).
3. Clover Machine (for any of you coffee snobs- you must try this.  You will have another fabulous reason to be a coffee snob)
4. Always a dog chillin' outside with the peeps
5. Friendly service
6. Have always had what I wanted (ie what is on their menu- reference my center city Starbuck's review...)
7. Parking out back/on street
8. Great places to walk with your Starbuck's cup up & down Germantown
9. Cool artwork is pretty much always on display
Thing to Work on...
10. Fireplace- duh!  :)Yes, this Starbucks is really busy and parking can be annoying in Chestnut Hill but I love this place. Why, you ask do I love this location of a corporate coffee chain? The Clover Machine! For 50 cents more you can get your drink made on the most amazing coffee invention ever. It's this neat little machine that is like a reverse french press. The drinks are made one by one and the beans ground right before they make it. You also can pick your roast when you go with the Clover. I love it because it's personalized, the staff is really friendly, and Clover makes coffee how it should taste - lovingly handmade. Besides, it's also really fun to watch the little cake of espresso rise from the machine. 
All hail Chestnut Hill Starbucks for having a machine for true coffee nerds!This is a great Starbucks --always clean-always organized and a great staff--mainly Kristina who is speedy and makes my drinks perfectly always!  I like that they always have community newspapers available for everyone to read but I don't like the cop who comes in regularly and always take the whole freaking pile of COMMUNITY newspaper and takes them home !!! Hello! The papers are meant to be read there and recycled for others-- not taken with you!  This place is better than the coffee shop up the hill where the staff talks way too loud!Bad food and unresponsive customer service. 
I love Starbucks Sous vide egg bites with bacon and grünere. Order them all the time. Usually, they are terrific. But not at this location. 
First time ordering from this Starbucks in Chestnut Hill through mobile app for takeout. Given the wrong item, the low cal egg bites. These Low cal egg bites were thrown  directly into a paper bag, rather than on the usual  paper tray. So the wrong egg bites were now stuck to the inside of the bag. No fork. 
Called and manager told me I can't get a refund to my Starbucks card unless I drive back there. Told to contact corporate. Well, now there are 14 people ahead of me in the queue to chat with customer service. So, I gave up. 
I get that orders can be mixed up. But this was the wrong order, improperly packaged, missing utensil, and lousy customer service. And now they have  my $5 and I still haven't had breakfast. 
Frustrating!Nicest Starbucks I've been to...and probably the only one I've seen a black guy working at. If I actually drank coffee regularly, I'd probably be here every Monday-Thursday I had class.As I've been forced to travel more, Starbucks has become my in-city lay over after I check out of my hotel and before I head to the airport. 
This place is great. It's located in a(n) historic locale (on a cobblestone street(!!). I was all like is this Rosewood/Ravenswood?) The seating is ample and the bathrooms are clean. Not as cool as the concept Starbucks in Amsterdam, but up there with some of the more cozy and quaint Starbucks I have visited.This Starbucks is in a good location. The problem is the SLOW service! When you walk in, whether there is 1 person ahead of you in line or 10 people, you can expect it will be 15-20 minutes to grab a simple drink. I don't know if it's poor staffing or something else, but it's insane. I used to go to this Starbucks every day before work, and each time I was late for work. I finally gave up. There always looks like there's 3-4 people working in the morning but it's still so slow, much slower than any other Starbucks. There seems to be a lack of concern for customer's time--no urgency. The staff seems friendly enough to the locals that they know and like...and they ignore the others. The staff usually talks amongst themselves which is frustrating when you're waiting for a drink and employees are babbling away together. It sends and unprofessional vibe. 
Also, they only have one station for cream/sugar and everything is usually empty and messy. And the setup is ridiculous--where people wait for their drinks is also where you try to fix up your drink. It's a madhouse. They need to seriously redesign that aspect. 
Bottom line: for overpriced coffee, try Chestnut Hill Coffeehouse a block further up Germantown. It's quicker and the coffee is better.I work for Starbucks currently.. And my store usually always gets the drinks correct unless it's a simple mistake of it being unsweetened or missing a syrup ingredient but won't change the drink and we always fix the drinks on the spot if we made a mistake, even during peak hours we make it a priority. One day I bought a creme frap for my co worker who was pregnant and waiting for me at a restaurant, while I waiting on my order at Starbucks, I SPECIFICALLY ordered a venti creme frap, so NO frap roast that contain caffeine. My co worker is going into her 9th month of pregnancies, and when I received her creme frap which was suppose to be white in color but it was tan brown. I couldn't tell in the dark lighting whether it was a tinted white or a tan which shows there is frap roast in the drink. And I asked them, "are you sure this is a creme frap?" And the two baristas gave each other a look and said "yes" well turns out after 10 mins of walking back to my co worker there was frap roast in it and she asked me not to go back and make a deal out of it but it upsets me because the cup was WRITTEN correctly! But the Barista's F* up! And this is the fourth time they've done this with my orders!! I order about 3 drinks each time I go but one of the few are always wrong! I asked for caramelized honey frap! I get caramel frap! There is a huge taste difference! I understand it gets busy but I TOO am a barista for Starbucks and I work during PEAK hours and I make sure I MAKE the correct drink! They write the order correct but however makes the drink never makes it correctly! And it's not even the same person! Each time I go it's a someone different who makes it but they still screw up my order..... It's just annoying and since I understand they are in a rush I leave it be but when I asked for creme frap! I EXPECT A CREME FRAP! Anything else is okay, but when someone wants a decaf give them a decaf!!Very friendly staff and they don't mess up your order! I highly recommend this starbucks over the other ones!Starbucks is always good. I love the oatmeal and passion tango ice tea. My boyfriend had a coffee frap he liked very much!  The only reason I'm giving 3 stars to this Starbucks is because I looked all over for a recycling bin to recycle my cups etc and it was no where to be found. There was a whole story on the wall about how Starbucks is trying to be green etc. but there was no recycling bin?!  They definitely need a recycling bin and a compost bin!  Then they will get five stars!!Quick service with a smile.  Staff is really good and products are also very good.  Nice seating for a quick bite.  Never had a bad experience at this Starbuck's.  Keep up the good work.worked here for 3 years and absolutely loved it. Miss u guys.  The service here is great, don't get me wrong during peak times it can get a tad bit hectic. But everyone is so engaging that time seems to fly by. Kathryn, Dave and Grant are awesome sauce as well as rob, Marcus, and Paul. And the lovely regulars Jeanne, Joey, Lamar, Angela, Kathy, Ms. Mary.i didn't really care for this location. it wasn't all that clean, they were crowded and drinks came slow the day i went. the one in flourtown up the road on Bethlehem pike is my fave in this area.My daily Starbucks. I'm here every morning getting my soy chai latte. The staff is great, they always make my drink to perfection. They all know my name and sometimes start making my drink when they see me walk through the door. This is my "Cheers!IBest Place to grab a coffee in chestnut hill. Im not sure why butt hurt drama queen liberal from good old flint,mi is so upset about @Erica A. But she needs to go back to her home state. 
The staff is super friendly and show they do care about their customers. Would highly recomend stopping buy while you window shop in lovely little Chestnut Hill Area. #phillylove #starbucksrocksI get that your busy, but please just poor the extra Caramel in my americano as requested without the passive aggressive lecture on how to properly order extra Caramel. Please and Thank You!As of today it appears that Philadelphia Licenses & Inspections has temporarily closed the location for a few days due to repeated health code violations. The details are at https://pa.healthinspections.us/_templates/551/RetailFood/_report_full.cfm?inspectionID=9EAB03DB-5056-A20F-9EDB7D73831AD68D&domainID=551&userID=0. Hopefully this can be rectified quickly.I really think this location can use some improvements. First of all, I am sitting here in front of the baristas and instead of restocking the pastries (which is missing lots of items), they are talking and hanging out. The baristas are not the friendliest, they have very low energy and some have an attitude. The bathroom is very dirty. I was so grossed out by it that I decided against my latte and went with tea instead (less contact with my drink). This could be a really cool Starbucks and it honestly needs a lot of work with the crew. Too bad this is the only coffee place open late.It's that place to go where every staff member knows your drink! It's a cool comfortable place to just chill, relax or get some studying in. Great staff that puts you first!!!!The worst service at any coffee shop, in my life. Untrained staff who could care less about anyone in line, 5 people behind the counter, 2 people actually working. When you finally get to order, it takes 3 minutes and several attempts to get it right, it's a latte with 4 shots, that's it, 8 minutes later it is handed to me, incorrectly done. Save yourself, go to Chestnut Hill Coffee just north 2 blocks away. Done being aggravated by this staff.This is a pitiful Starbucks. It is on an extremely busy street so there's no good parking. Their cashiers move slower than molasses. Then they run out of products but don't tell you until after you've paid and are waiting. Their cashiers are unfriendly. Save yourself the trouble and go to the Flourtown location.The Stars are great workers and very friendly. Because the area inside is so small, they should probably start asking patrons to leave larger strollers outside. At one point recently I was 22nd in line and it went fairly quickly.LOVE the regular staff here ... always pleasant and rarely have to wait for my morning coffee. I've been to some Starbucks that were not up to snuff, but this one always brews the coffee just right. The early morning crew is A+++++.
Great location, parking abounds and there's always the Philly paper or NYT to read on the big, comfy couch.This location is extremely slow and rude. I'm not actually sure how Starbucks still allows their staff to be blatantly rude and disrespectful. I've called to complain about 3 times now and nothing has been done. I live literally about this place, yet I get in my car and drive 4 miles to a different location. It's a shame.As for the nasty insult from "John B". Clearly this Starbucks has a major problem. I'm not the only person complaining about the service.A good convenient place for coffee but workers there are not clean at all. Trash was strewn on the floor for the entire day, no one cared. I went there on the eve of Christmas.The area for this Starbucks is great- it's at the center of Germantown in Chestnut Hill.  There are plenty of chairs and lounge chairs to sit and do your work.  It's quite so you can be really productive.  Just like any Starbucks, the staff are friendly and attentive when you walk in the counter to order your drinks- other than that nothing special with the service.I've been to a lot of Starbucks locations. But this one specifically always have problems with mobile orders. Either extremely late or if you get there "someone" must've taken the wrong mobile order. Happens way to often. I minds well just go order in person.The manager ignored me when I asked her about my online order. She also ignored me when I told her the creamer was empty. Worst Starbucks in the city! Senior Management needs to get this store in order . It is truly the worst Starbucks I have ever been to. Very disappointing for such a great location.Honestly, I've never been to a Starbucks with such awful staff. I just moved to the state, 5 days ago. I've lived in NYC, Boston, Pittsburgh, Ann Arbor. Never, have I ever.. and I mean ever...had to deal with such disrespectful people in my life. I was extremely excited to have a Starbucks location  so close to my new home, not anymore. What a waste for the company. Such a prime location but they have filled their store with employees that should be no where near the public.Someone gave me a Starbucks' gift certificate for Christmas which is a funny gift to give me because I never go to Starbucks.  (The giver kinda doesn't know me very well).  In Vienna I go to the old Viennese coffeehouses or to the cool indie ones but not to Starbucks ... and I only go to non-chain cafes in Phillytown.  But I had this certificate and there is one near me in Chestnut Hill so I thought I'd better use it.  Well to me the Chestnut Hill Starbucks sorta looks like the couple of other Starbucks I've been in in my life.  And the food items I ordered were all okay but not outstanding at all.  They included a sausage and cheese sandwich, a cinnamon morning roll, and a banana nut bread.  All had been made elsewhere and wrapped up for sale here.  The sausage and cheese on an English muffin was particularly bland.  
But then there were some pleasant surprises.  The staff at the Chestnut Hill Starbucks was super friendly and trying to be helpful.  Very ingratiating.  And I noticed how it was functioning like a neighborhood café as there were several people just hanging out and working on their computer or reading a book.  Chestnut Hill doesn't have many cafes so this Starbucks has become a neighborhood gathering spot.  Anyway that's a big plus and even though I will prob not be hitting up Starbucks again anytime soon. I'm glad it is there at the top of Chestnut Hill for the many people who do enjoy its hot drinks, food items, and unhurried atmosphere.Can't get their mobile ordering act together. Food and drinks usually taste fine. General customer service will depend on the batista- some are pleasant, some are rude and unwelcoming. I'd recommend going to the local coffee shop up the street on Gtown Ave (I think on the even side of the 8600 block) or in Wyndmoor on Willow Grove.i was enjoying a venti ice coffee and talking when we notice mice running across the flloor & my girlfriend screamed and immediately spoke to the manager and she brushed it off. never coming here i dont eat with verminSo the reason this gets one star is false advertisement. I noticed after I got my holiday drink, on the chalkboard, it clearly  stated buy a holiday coffee or teavanna tea and get a $5 gift card. Additionally it had a picture of three holiday drinks. So I asked for my gift card. I was then told I had to buy a pound of either. I said that was not how it was advertised on the board. The cashier agreed and said he had in fact been handing them out but had gotten in trouble. He said his shifts after was on break. So I waited. In the meantime, he turned it over to another worker " who knows more about this". I explained to her and she looked at the erroneous board. She went in the back and got the manager, who was snippy and bitchy and said " you'd buy a pound of coffee to get a $5 gift card?" I said " no I've already bought a coffee" as indicated on the board. He then goes around to a stand where there are bags of coffee and says " see the sign says right here, buy a pound and get a gift card" i asked him how would i see that from where i was standing. All that was in my sight was the board in front of me.He just stared at me. I said that was false advertisement. He then quickly walked over and said "well!!!" and dramatically tore the board down and took it in the back. 
Outrageous!! And over a $5 gift card and Starbuck's mistake! He should be ashamed!!!I care in because of the new article I read. Now what I don't understand is how there are suppose to be writing isis on cups. But it's two different Muslim people working there. That I don't get. I think is a set up. The baristas was nice and even while crowded they were still nice. High prices and med speed serviceThe service has become a lot better. I am no longer dreading going in to pick up my coffee. 
I will say this though... it's kind of like a roulette though. I order one thing and get something completely different. I mobile order, so I'm not sure how it gets messed up two days in a row.The worst Starbucks I've ever been to. I avoid it at all costs, chestnuthill coffee co is much better. I only go here when I've forgotten my wallet because chestnuthill coffee co doesn't take Apple Pay. 
This Starbucks is the worst for the following reasons:
- very long wait times even when the store is not busy 
-rude and unresponsive staff. Terrible customer service. One of them handed me a hot americano when I asked for iced. I said "I'm so sorry (because I'm nice), but I asked for iced, the barista said "yeah your bad" and proceeded to pour the hot americano into ice.
-poor drink quality, I've noticed a lot of my drinks have a funky taste at the end.
Overall : if you're in chestnuthill try chestnuthill coffee co instead of Starbucks. It's a little more expensive, but quality trumps price every time.They have people working within inches of each other.  They give out no gloves or masks.  Poor window person getting dirty money & cards within a foot of people in cars.  Really?  Is this an essential business.  Do not patronize these greedy corporate entities.Worst Starbucks I've ever been to, All I wanted was a medium Pike place black and they couldn't complete the order. Employee said the coffee grinder was not working....lol , place was dirty, and the display of sandwiches was disgusting. I never go there again, can I give zero stars since I got zero service?This place is the worst! Slow, even when you order ahead on the app, you wait 10 minutes past the time stated. The employees are untrained or lazy, the Manager should be replaced. Worst Starbucks in Philadelphia.No bathroom and no mobile order. Cash only twice now means long, non-covid friendly linesThe chestnut hill Starbucks is literally the most sad  Starbucks I have ever been in. It got two stars for its location which is amazing but that just makes it even worse the attitude of the employees and the atmosphere that creates. 
If Disney Land is the happiest place on earth, the Chestnut Hill Starbucks is the polar opposite of that place. 
Every time we come in here most of the employees are either having a really bad day ALL THE TIME or they are just in a constant state of annoyance at their career choice. This does not apply to all the employees, there are a couple that always have a smile on their face no matter what and they are cheerful which makes ur day and ur coffee even better. But the majority of the employees here roll their eyes at customers, ignore customers, talk under their breath (news flash WE CAN HEAR U!!), & treat customers and fellow employees with disrespect and outright rudeness. This isn't acceptable. I've worked at starbucks, it was a fun job and easy going so maybe they just chose the wrong place to work. 
Either way, I'll come here for the convenience but I swear it's getting harder to hold my tongue at this location.Awesome place for coffee! You'd think that such a massive corporation like Starbucks would generic, McDonalds-like service, but they treat you like you're their only customer which is one of those things that makes you wonder why most places don't act like that?
Idk where all this "terrible service" is coming from, it's literally the main reason I go there. I even got a free coffee because the barista thought my joke was really clever and told me to put my money away.
If you like coffee and a cavalier atmosphere this a great place. If you think they purposely put "Isis" instead of "Aziz" because they're "racist" or "intolerant" then you're ignorant it was CLEARLY an accident.UPDATE:
Omg. I'm just done with this Starbucks until they figure out that whatever they are doing is NOT working. I get it that it's in a busy location on a Main Street but all the more reason to make sure that things are running efficiently. The lines are forever long and sometimes the people on the registers are sooooooo freaking slow! Beyond slow. The other day I stood in line for more than 10 minutes...I was third in line..! It's not like the line was out the door...I was third. Then it took forever to get my drink...I drink black iced coffee...that's it. 
It just seems ridiculous to me that this store can't seem to get with it. It's a great store...the location is picturesque and perfect, it's comfortable and spacious, but if your in a hurry then it's not a good place to be.  I live around the corner but I get in my car and drive 5 miles to the location in flourtown because they are quick and friendly and their employees always seem happy to be there. 
The chestnut hill location just needs an overhaul badly.  
Also....think that mobile ordering would help this situation..!!!? NOPE! You can mobile order, then come in and find a place to wait and stand in the way while you wait and wait for your mobile order to be done. OR You can wait a bit until it might be ready but then come in and find that because they didn't mark things not available in their system they don't have a single thing that u ordered. So now you have to re pick all your stuff based on what they do have. I've had to do that the last two times I mobile ordered which is supposed to save time. It doesn't at this location. 
I think I'll keep going to flourtown for a while and maybe during that time they will figure things out in chestnut hill.SERIOUSLY SLOW, employees need retrained on how to manage customer flow and satisfaction.  I was specifically told that i would have to wait in line between 15-20 minutes before i could be served a black coffee which merely required turning around and pouring a cup of coffee.  Come on gang. You are surely smarter than this!  Had to walk away from the counter.