Been to Stateside 4 times, first 3 times drinks only,  dinner with last visit.  The space is small but decor and vibe are spot on.  During summer months, the huge windows open up and you're seating from outside at the bar.  We stopped in for a drink after dinner at Le Virtu.  Had a whiskey sour and a boulevardier.  Loved them both.  Their cocktail game is solid.  The bartenders were friendly but really didnt engage us but it was busy and it was a cocktail hit and we all know how that goes, ok, maybe not all of us.   All in all service and cocktails are solid.  Last visit we decided on dinner.  I thought dinner was ok.  Nothing bad but nothing great.   I'll still stop in at Stateside for my night caps.Didn't eat but got the spot got legit bartenders...mix drinks are on point...i fuck w itTwo stars for nice ambiance. Other than that, service was ok and the cocktail was pretty bad.Cauliflower soup and Kale salad are a must!!!! Really tasty. Bartenders were friendly and on point. The brussel sprouts were a little too salty. Mussel/clam dish was good, but wouldn't get them again for $22. Decent beer selection, cool atmosphere.The menu is very unique and reasonably priced.  The bone marrow and sausage was awesome!
There are also some interesting specialty drinks.  We didn't try any of them, but they were also reasonably priced.  They had a ton of beer and liquor options ranging from $3 Yuenglings to $20+ shots of Whistle Pig--there is definitely something for everyone here.  
The waitresses were so so so great--very nice, friendly, and attentive.  The owner happened to be there as well, and also a pretty nice guy.  
Unfortunately, there was a fella working there who took himself a bit too seriously, and was just kind of rude in my opinion.  After the place pretty much cleared out for the night, a few friends met us there for some birthday cocktails.  When a friend pulled a chair up to our table, he immediately came over and told her that she couldn't put a chair there because it would be blocking the "aisle" (which it wasn't by the way).  I totally understand that there are regulations and rules that he needs to adhere to, but he was just rude about it.  I believe he told us to "respect the aisle way".  Power trip?  He could have been way more polite about it.  He is the only reason that I will not give this place 5 stars.  He should take a tip from his waitstaff on how to interact with people and make them feel welcome.  
The ambiance is also cool--low lights, great music, and plain decor that just feels right.Wow, what a place! Went there Saturday for the bourbon (yes, had the Winkle- just one though ;-) and was surprised how great the food was. My wide and I sat outside, the service was great, very attentive. The small plates are outstanding. I had foi gras, octopus and oysters on the half. The wife had baby kale and grilled zucc. After din din we went into the bar. Great bar! Windows open, looking out to square, bar stools outside too. Pro bar tenders there- mixologistsss makin great drinks-  I forgot the first cocktail- with bourbon- it was very tasty, unique flavor- just ask for recommendation on a good bourbon cocktail, that's what I did. Then had a bourbon whisky sour with egg white- best I ever had!  We were at bar for a while, so got another octo plate- it melts in your mouth- better than lobster to me! Background music was low and rockish. If I lived in Phila, I'd be there once a week!LOVE the drinks here. & I hardly like mixed drinks. Super cozy atmosphere for drinks with friends. Cool bar, cool drinks, love it. 
Food, on the other hand, was alright. A little unimpressed/super salty at times.Amazing food amazing atmosphere and amazing people!
I would definitely recommend the jerk salmon with Brussels sprouts and thyme infused pineapple. 
Plus the charcuterie is a pleasing platter to the tastebuds!...Although I would catagorize Stateside as "spendy" your options are wonderful.  Menu has changed but the whisky is still the same kind of wonderful!! DO have the Steak Tartare, Pate, and note the Salads are GREAT!
Just call me Bubbles dahling...Excellent dinner and such a cozy atmosphere!! I have only been once and it was a great experience so I will be back. I had the Restaurant Week menu and enjoyed every course! There was even a cocktail pairing that was perfect with each course. 
The pre-fixed menu for the special restaurant week had a lot of selections. I started with a mushroom lettuce wrap which was delicious! My favorite course I had was the Cod Fillet entree. It was cooked to perfection and so flavorful. 
The service was a little slower than I would have liked but other than that I have no complaints! Check this place out. The bar area looks so cool so I think I'll be back to check out their happy hour one day soon.Fingerling potatoes (crispy like fries, rich like poutine, but not at all greasy) were the highlight for our group -- we went back for seconds. Other favorites: pork, beef, and curry-ish chorizo all on one charcuterie board that included an amazing spread made from duck (not sure how they managed that), and a savory mushroom tart with tiny baby mushrooms across the top. A bit pricy but the food was worth it -- I'd definitely go back for date night. Good drinks selection for happy hour too.Best selection of top shelf whiskey in South Philly. Great service and good food. Bartenders are knowledgeable and make great drinks. This place is a good time!!Sat at the bar on a saturday night with a friend. They were busy but place is small. They did not have any tequila stating they only served alcohol from the united states. The bartender was nice and helped us decide on items from the menu. We had the short ribs which were excellant. The gnocchi had a powered cheese sauce that ruined them and the lobstar flat bread was great. I would definetly return to try more menu items.Recommendations for the tapas: brussels sprout, cauliflower soup, beef tartare and scallops were a-ma-zing. The desserts were to die for - delicious but yet light and not overwhelming (chestnut brûlée, sugar cookie and chocolate chiffon) :) The mussels/clams were a little undercooked in the center but my friend liked it that way.
This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Philly now and I wish I don't need a car to get here!Visited Stateside a while back when they first opened, but my husband and I decided to stop by again to get a few drinks and some cheese before we headed out for dinner reservations on a Tuesday night.
Upon arrival around 530 pm, we were glad to see there were plenty of seats at the bar, inside tables, and outside tables.  We took two seats at the bar.  The bartender was very gracious in giving me a sample taste of the pumpkin beer on tap (I'm sorta particular about my pumpkin beers).  It wasn't for me, so I went with the Ommegang Witte.  My husband went with an IPA bottle.  The beer list is awesome here- definitely some interesting beers both on tap and in bottles.
I love the cheese plates here so despite our dinner reservation later in the night, I had to hit dat cheeeeeeeese.  We did the 3 selections for $13- a blue cheese with honey, a hard parmesan-type with fennel, and a soft brie-type cheese with pecan brittle.  Yum yum yum!
The location itself is pretty awesome.  And I'm not saying that because its a 5 minute walk from my abode.  It is located right on Passyunk Square- perfect for people (and dog) watching.  And with those huge windows- its great!
So why did it lose a star?  I feel like this place has a teeeeeeeeensy bit too much attitude.  Why?  
1) There is a note that says $15 food minimum per person during dinner service.  If you don't want people to come and drink, then don't build a bar that takes up half the space!  And don't offer such awesome beers!  
2) They have a happy hour that is totally not advertised!  No signs outside, no signs on the bar, not mentioned on the website, not mentioned by the bartenders.  Are we at a 1920s speakeasy? Do I need a password to be informed of the specials?  My husband probably would have gotten a draft if he knew it was half price.
3) As we finished our beers, the hostess asked us to shift seats at the bar so two more patrons could sit down.  Now I totally get that the "empty seat between strangers" is annoying to restaurants, but I thought it was strange because there were plenty of seats at empty tables.  Maybe the patrons really wanted to sit at the bar?  I don't know- but it struck me as odd.  
Next time we are craving some beers and cheese, we will make sure to get there between 5 and 7 and take advantage of happy hour specials!Stateside is my favorite neighborhood spot, and that saying a lot in East Passyunk! The best old fashioned I've had in Philly ($5 for happy hour!), quick & professional service and friendly bartenders with the knowledge and passion to back up Stateside's impressive whiskey list. High quality hand crafted cocktails. Outdoor seating right on Passyunk square and an elegant and intimate but not too crowded indoor space. Delicious, creative, and reasonably priced bar snacks & small plates. The masa gnocchi and the snap peas are my favorite dishes so far.Great atmosphere, service pleasant and helpful, shout out to bar tenders for Old Fashions and highly recommend shrimp dumplings and cauliflower! A place we are sure to return to!This glass is half empty...
I guess I had a radically different experience from others here.  I went for the first time this weekend- and will not be going back.  I love a good Old Fashioned. That is not what I received.  The glass was crammed with liquor-soaked fruit, and very little liquor.  I kind of wanted a drink with my drink, you know?  I mentioned that none of our glasses were full, I was just told that the components were measured- full stop.  The portions on the small plates were ridiculously small - and in the beets and white asparagus pickle, there were exactly two whisps of shaved asparagus.  It's like they're trying to be Jose Garces' Trading Company, and failing miserably.  Sad- because I really wanted to like it- great atmosphere. If the food can't deliver though, forget it.Still haven't tried the food but have been twice for drinks/beers. Their draft list is always unique and offers a nice variety. Cocktails were big and delicious. The bar is pretty small, but offers lost of seating.Beauty in words should be reserved for only maximal dining experiences. That said, if there were such a thing as poetic injustice, trying to write a baroque review of Stateside would certainly qualify.
...Because when your meal begins with a toasty drink - a hot buttered rye - that's so amicable to your esophagus and piquant to your papillae that it makes you forget the vile, scathing, burning sensation of shooting cold rye, you musn't try to protract the experience.
...Because when the crispy cauliflower is as golden as the palatial pillars of the Taj Mahal, and buttery enough to beguile any toddler into eating his whites, you ought not attempt to convince your colleagues that cauliflower really does have a slight nutty flavor if roasted well.
...Because when the crispy maple glazed pork belly with a fat to meat ratio of 1:4 and a moisture to dryness ratio of 100:0 promotes a silent fork battle between you and your mate interspersed with the occasional clamor of (affable?) silver, you know you've found the perfect dish to "shut the f*ck up for a minute and comfortably enjoy the silence" (thanks Mia and Vincent). 
...Because when the desserts are petite and ordering two is still innocuous to any diet, and the ginger snap is soft and topped with a chilled caramel mousse the texture of a fluffy budino, and the chocolate tart with homespun marshmallow fluff tastes like a freshly toasted s'more birthed by the smokey flames of a tumbleweed ignited campfire on the plans of Kansas, you know you've found a new home on Passyunk.Overall this place is good. There isn't any strong reason I wouldn't go back, but also no reason I would. Drinks are really good with a great assortment, food was great and the outdoor seating was nice. The prices are ridiculous. The amount of food you get for the price is silly. Not to mention they were out of three of those dishes. I get that they are tapas but tapas shouldn't have entree prices. Our waitress was also not the friendliest. Not rude, just nothing exceptional. Over all I would go back to grab a drink at the outside portion of the bar, but head to one of the neighboring restaurants for food.Friendly service, great old fashioned for $5 during happy hour!  Come here when it's nice out because you can stand outside on the sidewalk or inside with the breeze rolling through.Very disappointing. Had to put down a 50.00 hold for a reservation. Only to have the hostess call my cell after we left to say we were no shows. Mixed drink was awful.A great menu of small plates and a rotating selection of different dishes... and also a wonder selection of oysters. Also, I am not a bourbon fan at all, but they've turned me into a believer. A diamond in South Philly!I love it here. The service and cocktails and the food are just so nice. Since I've written my review I've been here about 6 times and for the most part, it's rocked. Sure, there are some things I didn't love but I don't care because there is passion and love in that place and that's what keeps me coming backI was lucky enough to eat at one of the pop-ups they had at at Green Eggs.  This was one of the best meals that I've ever had in my entire life.  The first reviewer went through the menu in a fairly detailed way, so I wont rehash most of it.
The beer braise beef cheek just dissolved in my mouth.  Its the first time i've had this cut of meat and I hope it wont be the last.  The apply bacon donut was also amazing.  I cant wait for this place to open up on Passyunk.I just dined at Stateside this past weekend while visiting friends in Philadelphia.  My fiancee and I had ended up in the Passyunk area while doing the Pat's/Geno's thang like total tourists!  Coincidentally, my friend Lindsay had been wanting to check out the nearby Stateside Philly.
This place is like a lot of places nowadays-- small plates, focus on charcuterie.  Luckily, I never get tired of this!  
C and I split three plates and I was pleased with all of them! If it wasn't the end of our trip (with our funds at their lowest!) and if I'd been a bit hungrier (we'd cheezed it up earlier, remember?), I definitely would've gone hog wild and ordered some more plates...
I think the prices were definitely reasonable.. and I was visiting from Austin!  Maybe this is due in part that Passyunk is still a bit "up and coming."  There was a glass of wine on the menu for $6, so that made me happy... I really hadn't seen anything under $9 all week!  And most of the small plates ran between $7-10.
If you go into a place like this absolutely famished and get a load of things, sure-- the prices can add up.  Really though, I love small plate places because you get a chance to try more things (which is huge for me-- I can never decide on just one entree!) and it just create a more social, "you-have-to-try-this" kinda atmosphere.
We got the local corn flan, which was presented in a smooth, buttery cube with some veggies (pickles, hearts of palm, radish).  We also had the crispy pork belly, which was just as crisp as promised and delectable (I can be picky about pork belly.. it's hard to find it made just right!).  We also had day boat scallops with corn relish, oyster mushrooms, and bone marrow butter (!)  They melted in my mouth and left me wanting more, as oysters often do.
The service was really laidback, which I enjoyed-- even though it seemed busy, it didn't feel like we were being rushed out of there by any means.  This was a great spot to catch up with friends I hadn't seen in years!Had the most fantastic cheese board, some splendid beer, and even a delicious sweet cheesecake for dessert. But the SWEETEST treat of all was my waitress TaylorSat at the bar instead of outside - mostly because you get a better view at the bar since it's higher up and the windows are wide open. Also, its a lot of fun to watch the bartenders make special drinks.
My friend ordered the skirtsteak with watermelon and bleu cheese and I got the scallops. It was very good.
I would like to come back and try other menu items - I wasn't as hungry when we went and was still recovering from a night of drinking so I didn't eat or drink much.
Nice place to go to on Passyunk.We had a good meal last night at Stateside, but I had had higher hopes that the food was going to come through in a bigger way. 
Vegetable Carbonara - was unique and very good. More like a shredded root vegetable salad with a creamy dressing with pancetta. Probably the best dish I had. 
Pork Belly - good, but definitely not great. I ordered it after the good mentions here, but was a little disappointed. Usually I expect pork belly to be closer to a smokey bacon flavor rather than roasted pork and this was not the case. I certainly enjoyed it, but it didn't deliver to me what I thought it could have. 
Duck leg confit - again, definitely good, but I felt it was just shy of being great. 
The one dish that others at dinner raved about was the scallops. 
Really interesting and unique cocktails and one of the longest bourbon lists I've seen (and definitely the longest list of ryes that I have ever seen), but I was a bit put off by how many of the bourbons and ryes were $15+ for a 2oz pour.I called for a reservation last week, and I was thrilled when they were able to squeeze us in for Saturday night.  When my husband and I arrived, and we were being seated a woman at the table next to ours leaned over to let us know "the food is great, but the portions are extremely small we are leaving to go get hamburgers we are starved".  We brushed off the comment because we love Stateside as do the friends that we were meeting.  Truly we were not prepared for how incredibly small the portions were. The food is delicious and our waiter was fantastic, but we were disappointed with the portions.  We ordered 7 dishes and left hungry?  We were in luck because Marra's was still open and took our order for a large pepperoni pizza - at last we were full.  We are not "big" eaters, but we expect to feel somewhat full after meal that cost over $150.00.  Hopefully this will not become the norm because the four of us love Stateside and want to return one day soon.The chef's board was a delicious way to start the meal with its charcuterie and pickled vegetables. The chicory salad was a delightful palate cleanser. The rigatoni was hearty and filling while the coq au vin was sublime. Worth the trip. 
It wasn't too loud or bright and was a nice spot for a first date. The waiter was a little pushy with the alcohol sales--when I ordered sparkling water he replied, "No alcohol from the bar?" A minor gaffe with what was otherwise impeccable service.Finally got here after! Well the food and expert cocktails are exceptional. Sat outside, good service all the way around. The reason for only 2 stars is the portions are so small, we felt ripped off and hungry when we left - and had to snack afterward. We're well aware of small plate/tapas dishes/restaurants, but the price points should have been lower, or the portions larger.
We ordered 6 items for the two of us. The "small plates" were tiny plates. 3 Tortellini for $14, small amount of Snap Peas w/ 2 mini pieces of ham for $9, 1/2 a soft-shell crab for $15, 6 oysters for $17, etc. With 20% tip it's $137 for mini portions of great tasting food that leave you wanting more. 
The 3 Monkey Gland cocktails were great as well as the Head Hunter beer. Go if you want really good food, but be prepared to spend $200 if you don't want to leave hungry. However, there's plenty of just as good small plates establishments in Philly where you don't feel ripped off and leave hungry.We just stopped in for a drink and really enjoyed it.  They have some awesome, unique cocktails, especially if you're a bourbon or rye fan.  I had the Stateside Boulevardier, which was delicious and well made.  The price is par for the course for any great, creative cocktail in the city.  We sat inside at the bar, which was fine on a nice day because the other side of the bar was open to square and the street to get some air and people watch.  There are actually stools built into the side of the bar that you can just walk up to from the street.  Very cool. Would definitely stop in for a drink again and, hopefully, try some of the highly-acclaimed food next time.Basically, I felt like I was Gail Simmons on Top Chef (not Padma, cause, you know, who feels like they could be Padma?)  Went to Stateside this weekend with some friends who were in from out of town.    The ambiance was great - pretty casual, but still upscale feeling.  The food was absolutely terrific.  The portions were very small, but the flavors were the kind of thing you could never get out of your own kitchen.  
I could have eaten 100 of the chestnut gnocchi.  Had foie gras for the first time.  It was served with monkey bread of all things, and some roasted grapes.  Somehow it came together beautifully.  The brassicas (brussels sprouts, broccolini) were fantastic.  My first raw scallop.  Delish.  Oh, and don't skip dessert.  
This was the kind of place that makes you realize what the difference is between a good cook and a real chef.  An eating experience that you pay for.Since we are attempting to hit all of the Philly Mag top 50 restaurants, my boyfriend and I panicked a bit when we realized that Chef George Sabatino was leaving Stateside. Luckily, since I stalk Foobooz.com, I had a 30 day notice. Since this place is impossible to get a reservation as it is, we felt very lucky to find a 6 pm opening on Sunday, March 10th (the day before Sabatino's last). 
It was a beautiful day so the windows were open, which made the ambiance of the cozy (aka small) restaurant that much better. 
The menu at Stateside was very limited in the eyes of a former picky eater like myself, but I have become quite the foodie lately and have really expanded my horizons so I was excited. For cocktails I went with the Tennesee Sweetheart because it sounded fun, but my bf's classic Dark & Stormy was much tastier. We ordered the perfect amount of food: the cheese plate (best one was their house made ricotta), Baby Carrot & Kale Salad, Pan Seared Brussels Sprouts, Day Boat Scallops w/ cauliflower, Crispy Pork Belly, and a special pork dish that i can't remember the name of. Everything was great. There wasn't one thing I didn't like and none of these are foods that I would "normally" eat. We also had an amazing chocolate dessert. 
Also, the service was excellent. 
Overall, I think George Sabatino lived up to all the hype and Stateside is definitely a cool place that I can't wait to visit again. Looking forward to checking out the new chef (and seeing what Sabatino brings to Morgan's Pier).Trying to figure out what to eat on a random weekday night, I drove by Stateside and remembered reading them in Philly Mag. (I forgot what # they were, but after reading reviews, it was #1). I assumed we couldn't get  a table without a reservation and I was right. We did happen to score 2 seats at the bar. 
I was a bit surprised by the sparse menu (and price) considering it was a East Passyunk restaurant. Either way, I thought the items on the menu warranted some positives for their ingredient pairings. 
The place felt cozy and definitely approachable for being philly mag's #1 restaurant. I had a long day so I looked over the drink menu. I decided to skip the beer and go for a cocktail. I'm not a gin fan, but ordered the Bee Sting (gin, lemon, ginger, absinthe). The drink was strong but a bit pricey for the size, no big deal. 
Now onto the food. We dithered between the cauliflower and cobb salad for a starter, ended up with the cauliflower. I think the dish was good, but needed more sauce. I'm all for nice presentation with a "dash" and "squeeze" of sauce, but every bite should have sufficient sauce, shouldn't it? Also, its fairly dark in there, so i'm sure we had more broccoli in the dish than cauliflower. Not a deal breaker. 
Entrees. I love trying non-traditional meats at restaurants. I opted for the rabbit risotto. I thought the rabbit was really tasty. Although the risotto tasted undercooked, it was also delicious. Again, a smear of sauce just doesn't cut it for this dish. Considering how rich risotto is, I couldn't taste the sauce at all. 
Another entree was the pork belly. I'm not sure how I feel about pork belly prepared American style. Don't call me prejudice, but Chinese crispy pork belly is pretty damn good... you can get huge servings for a fraction of the cost. Stateside's pork belly was good, but nothing to write home about. The sauces were also good. 
Overall, it was an enjoyable meal. It was unfortunate that the original chef left and how other reviewers are saying things have "Changed".Sat on a barstool outside for 20 minutes without being served. The restaurant was mostly empty with only the bar full. Bartenders ignored us for the first 10 minutes and then handed us a menu and walked away. We quickly decided what we wanted  and folded the menus to show we were ready. Still no order. Eventually a bartender tried to serve us a drink we hadn't ordered and we politely reminded him we had not ordered yet. Gave them another 5 minutes of walking by us and awkward eye contact before walking away. I live in the neighborhood and had never tried Stateside- I doubt I will be back.Really, really good. The plates - while small - are bursting with flavor. They can also do an Old Fashioned really, really well.
A couple tips:
-Unless you have a reso, go early. We went at 6 p.m. on a Saturday and managed to get 2 seats at the bar. By 7 p.m., it was standing room only. 
-You'll prob need 2-3 plates/person in order to feel satisfied.
-Must-try: rabbit risotto, brown butter tagliatelleI would change this to 4 1/2 stars and Yay! I'm a BIG fan.
I had read them reviews- both critic and wanna-be critics- and entered Stateside with high expectations for this elevated corner bar.  And yes, the chef earned all the merit badges bestowed upon him.   Everything we tried was absolutely delicious.    Even simple soup was something special.  Definitely worth a visit if you haven't been there yet.I wish I could give Stateside 5 stars, but can not any longer.  The female bartender the past few visits I have been there, I hate to say it, has been atrocious. Her bar is a mess with dirty service items sitting all over the place, spills everywhere on the bar and she acts like she can not be bothered by you, the paying customer. We sat at the bar and no one paid us any attention for a very long time. They forgot our drinks. They were served warm. After having an appetizer at the bar, the empty cutlery and plates sat there for at least 15 minutes. I ended up pushing them away from me so I would not have to stare at them any longer.  Time to tighten up the bar staff, Stateside.Any time! excellent service and awesome view to The Fountain on Passyunk Square. I highly recommend it.Oh man. This place is going to get a second visit from me because I only got to try 3 dishes the first time. Each was amazing. As was the drinks.
But let me back up. 
I live in the neighborhood and I've been watching them fix up this place for months. Then like magic one day it was done and open. When did that happen? I was down the street at B2 buying this awesome photograph (thanks again Leigh Metzler!) and as I was walking to my car I thought "hey, lets try the new place, much better than the Rice Chex I have at home!". 
I walked in, sat at the bar and started looking over the drink menu. I love a good cocktail and I was happy to learn that the bartender serving me had invented many of the drinks on the menu herself. After discussing what I liked, we decided on the Clover Club. I ended up drinking 3 of them before I left. It was an a really well mixed and balanced drink. I was happy there.
So I got the food menu and started looking. I was eating at the bar so I can't comment on wait service but the bartender knew the menu really well and explained the dishes I asked about in as much detail as I could pester her for. I was impressed.
I ended up wanting a bunch of the items but ended up with the Charred Broccolini which was super tasty though not for vegetarians since it has the wonderful home cured bacon mixed in. Then came the House Made Duck Sausage. This was amazing. Apparently there is a 2 day process in making this and it requires all these steps to complete it. I was explained them by the bartender but I all I remember now is that they sat in duck fat for a while to keep the juices in. It really was juicy and tasty and the mustard was a perfect complement to it (although there wasn't enough). Last up was the Steak Tartare. This was the best place of the evening for me. Simple and perfectly made.
Next time I'm going to sit at a table and try the Brussel Sprouts and Skate Wing and maybe the littleneck Clams.. yummy!I'm somewhere between a 3 and a 4 star rating. 
The location is great on the corner, open, overlooking the little piazza. 
Drinks were good, but a little overpriced. The bartender was attentive, but on hyperspeed unnecessarily. 
The food looked good, but it seemed as if they were trying to do too much. The bar seemed to be the focal point.
I would go for A drink, not more; unless you want to shell it out. If you want a 15$ drink, go to Franklin investment co.I was incredibly excited to eat here, so maybe my problem was I expected too much.  
No, probably my problem was that I came here the weekend that Chef Sabatino was competing in Hop Chef.  (Yes, I know he won) I probably should have waited until another night, when I could have tasted his handiwork. 
Hostess was at best - vague, at worst - rude.  When she told us there were no tables available, she then just stared at us for a full minute.  I asked if I could give her my name for one , and she sort of rolled her eyes and just said "I'll find you" 
Um...ok. 
So we sat at the bar, which looks beautiful (everything looks beautiful in there) and were served lovely cold glasses of water filled with ice. It was very hot , despite being late evening.
Two seconds later , it turns out there IS a table. Ok great.  We relocate to said table, and greeted by our server.  She then pours our water glasses with tepid water (no ice) from a pitcher.  I sure wish I'd brought mine from the bar. Come on people, it was HOT.
So, Ok, - I'm putting it behind me as we order.  Pickled carrots were delightful - albeit a bit boring.  My husband's drink (can't remember the name, some kind of Punch) was AWESOME.   But our server's boyfriend came in a few minutes after us - and she made no secret about sitting with him, and hugging him while we waited for our food.  Kind of weird in a place where you will drop the kind of money you will in Stateside. 
Just a little too casual. 
But the real problem was the oysters.   Husband ordered half dozen - East coast.  I abstained, not really into them unless I'm literally on the water.  Turns out I was wise - not ten minutes after eating them , the poor guy was violently puking in the toilet.   
He said he knew as soon as he ate them that something wasn't right. 
Now, I know this is a risk that you run when you consume anything raw.  I get it.  
But , it sure ruined the rest of the meal.   I gulped down the scallops (which were, i have to say - delicious)
We had to leave - he was ill the entire evening until he got them all out.  
So, I would go back - to drink.  But goddamned if I'm going to spend that kind of money on the food again.  
Don't go away again Sabatino!I've heard and read a lot about Stateside. Needless to say, I was pretty excited that we snagged reservations on a Friday night with a group of friends. The inside was casual and cozy which was perfect on a cold winter night.
What we ordered...
The Chef's plate. YUM. This came with one of their pickled items (carrots and celery), pork rillettes with kale, and some sort of amazing soft cheese that I've been dreaming about for days.I obviously enjoyed this. And the most amazing part was that they actually gave us enough bread. In addition we had the steak tartare with an egg and truffled sauce which was out of this world, brussel sprouts with tiny mushrooms and a lardo sauce(wow) and the crispy pork belly. Honestly, the only thing I didn't think of great was the pork belly. It was a tiny bit dry and hard to cut. I love pork belly and this was tasty but it wasn't great. 
Food aside, the service was good. Their liquors are all local so that was a bit difficult to choose from but thankfully the waitress helped me out and I was happy with my vodka choice. 
All in all I thought it was very good and I am looking forward to my next visit.A little disappointing. Went last night because of the great buzz about this place but it fell a bit short of our expectations. We got the happy hour oysters which were great. Then we ordered the terrine of foie gras, pickled carrots, parsnip soup, the grits, and the pork belly.  The first problem was that the foie came out like a rock hard piece of butter from a crap restaurant(you know the foil wrapped ones). We had to wait 10-15 min for it to be cuttable. We voiced our concern and they apologized and comped it.  It was tasty but it was just so hard to cut. Parsnip soup was the best thing we got.  Grits were okay but everything else was very good. Another problem was with the pork belly. It came out unfinished. 3-4 minutes after it came out a server brought out the shaved parsnips(which we didn't realize were missing).  The server also brought me the wrong drink and then brought me the right one after I left her know. But then she had both drinks on the bill. I didn't drink the incorrect beverage even though she said I could have it for free.  They took the incorrect one off the bill.
Even though this place didn't just open, it seemed like it did.  I really was excited to eat here and all these little problems took away from our enjoyment. Maybe it was just an off night.  Not sure I'll be back.The specialty cocktails were terrific and so was the food.  Definitely going back.We love going for hh, the staff and service is excellent. I know they've had a few iterations with the chefs but the current one is great. I'm brown so this review doesn't have a story archMy husband and I went to this restaurant/bar for happy hour.  Like other reviewers suggested, we got there right at 5:00 pm because it fills up fast.  The buck-a-shuck oyster happy hour was great!  The Frank's Red Hot mignonette was amazing!  I really enjoyed the Ithaca they had on draft for happy hour.  As much as it hurts, the only reason I am deducing one star is because of the small plates we ordered.  My husband and I love small plates and, in comparison, we have had better for the price.  All-in-all you cannot go wrong here, especially happy hour!  It was delicious, and I will definitely return!These folks are incredible sensitive to food allergies - can't compliment them enough! Also, their menu and cocktails are legit. Big recommend!Love the Feel of this place.  Passyunk Ave has become a cool place to hang out.  A 180° turn from what it was when I lived here (when dinosaurs roamed). There are now great restaurants and awesome bars on every block. Stateside is a great example of this change. 
Please note that I didn't eat here.  I just hung out and had a couple of different craft beers with friends. The huge street side windows open up to create a bar on the sidewalk (or you can go inside). Someone with a good sense of "how to repurpose stuff" used old high school cafeteria swivel seats to create seating on the sidewalk.  These can be raised or lowered to fit the occupant.  The servers have a great attitude and the whole place has an awesome "feel".  
They offer a nice selection of craft brews, decent wines and various liquors.  One person had the duck salad and said it was wonderful.  I will definitely check it out again.Jessica Y's review is spot on so I will borrow from hers: "Artistic Tapas + Local Beers + Good Company = Edible Art Dinner"  If you are willing to accept attitude from the wait staff you'll enjoy this place.  
I came here for a business dinner.  I don't have a lot of experience with dining in Philly, or Philadelphians in general, so I'm looking forward to this.  It's in kind of an eclectic area and well into the gentrification process - not a place I would normally choose for a business dinner, but then again I didn't choose the place.
I arrived around 4 just as the place was opening up and cooled my heels until the others arrived.  The vibe is what makes this place worthwhile.  Attractive female bartender jumps on top of the bar and begins wrestling to open the shutters (love the can-do Phlilly attitude).  Cordial, but not friendly, service.  
I cannot remember what I ordered, but I do recall enjoying every bite.  We cycled through many of the craft beers which I also enjoyed.
Overall positive experience and I would return if in the area.Tried this place out before the sweet 16 in Philly. Great happy hour deals , amazing food and top notch service and atmosphere . I will be back !I loved everything about Stateside.
Obviously, the food was delicious. My boyfriend and I ordered five plates, I think? (Hard to remember as there was copious drinking involved - also delicious) His favorite was definitely the pork belly, and mine was the scallops. The brussel sprouts were also yummy. Then we ordered dessert, too! I was full when we left, but I think he could have eaten more. Prepare to spend at least $100 if you want to eat and drink well.
Before I went, I was reading Yelp reviews and there were a lot about poor service or unfriendly staff, but I didn't experience that at all. Our server was very welcoming and prompt. Maybe people aren't used to tapas and the idea of staggering plates??
It IS somewhat of a close-quarters space, which I enjoy but I know my mother would hate. The ceilings are high, but the tables are close together. For me, it was a hip ambience.Came here for happy hour and got the old fashioned special but when the check came we were charged full price. Kinda shady since we were up front about it. Double check the bill!Fantastic night with dad and dad-in-law.  I highly recommend a flight of whiskeys for tasting.  The bartenders were fun and knowledgeable, but I'd have to say the pork belly dish stole the night! Fantastic and perfect to pair with endless libations!Went out here for a few cocktails last night an was thoroughly impressed. The bartender was extremely friendly and attentive with me an my girlfriend. I ordered a whiskey sour which was absolutely awesome. My girlfriend ordered their Pom Collins which again was very good. We the. Stuck around for a few beers an must say if you have not been here you are missing out. I am looking forward to going back an soon!When I heard the chef that made Stateside the number one restaurant in Philly for 2012 was leaving and than realize the week of I still hadn't made it there my friends and I on the second to last night took a chance at getting a spot at the bar.  We lucked out and after waiting in the not really meant for standing bar area with a beer we lucked out and snagged a seat.  And it was well worth it.  
Stateside is small but the bar was pretty cool, we tired some of the cocktails in addition to the beer.  If your in a small group of 2 or 3 its a great place to hang out but definitely not good for large group there just not a ton of space.  I want to make it back here now that is warmer out for the bar opens up and you can sit outside which expands its size.  Plus I need to see how the food is under the new chef.Ok this is perhaps my favorite place now although hard to get there often. First the staff is incredibly friendly in a very real way. Just down to earth nice people. My wife absolutely loves the cocktail selection and the sips I have had have been excellent. The beer selection always top notch and interesting. The food is not only great but served in reasonably priced and sized portions so that you can walk out and not waddle out and you don't have to drop $120 for a weeknight meal. Get the kale salad. Large and excellent with softened kale, chickpeas and a good creamy dressing. Get the duck sausage with sweet potato hash. Great idea to use a honey mustard in the dish as it just ties everything together. Get any of the side vegetables as the vegetables here whether as an accompaniement on your plate or as a stand alone plate are always top notch and can be very creative. If you don't just eat the food here but as you eat try to follow along in the thought process the chef had in putting together each dish you'll realize he will be around for a long long time to comeMade it here on a Friday night with a pretty late reservation. This was during the final weeks of George Sabatino's reign.  First, there was a delay in getting seated and the manager said we could get a drink on the house, but that didn't happen.  I did have a mint julep was tasty.  It was a Friday during Lent, so I was limited to the vegetarian/fish options.  We shared the vegetarian board which was actually really good, and a nice start.  There was some cheese, some pickled vegetables, and some other vegetable options.  It was on the smaller size but there was enough for our group of 4.  As far as the other dishes, we ordered many.  The scallops were really nice.  I loved the brussel sprouts.  Others had great things to say about the pork belly and the short rib.  I believe the menu has changed, and I'm glad I had the chance to check it out.Judging by the amount of people dining at Stateside on a Wednesday evening, people already know that the food is awesome.  With that in mind, I'll just relay my experience.
I popped in here to meet up with a friend after taking a run.  Fortunately she arrived slightly earlier than me and snagged the last available table in the corner.  The bar seats and all the tables were full.  Being this was my first time at this restaurant, I was a little shocked at how many people were there.
We started with the cheese plate which had three types on it.  One was exotic, one was a little adventurous and one was an aged cheddar.  The presentation was beautiful and the selections really opened us up for the remaining food.
The pickled carrots with ginger and cumin were a fun pick because well, I don't order them much and I felt like some funky flavors.  The salt roasted beets, also with lovely presentation were cooked to perfection.  The real star of the show was the maple glazed pork belly.  It was in a bowl with some cider and beautifully cheese grits.  I mean, holy hell did it rock my world.
Service was excellent and the design of this place is fun.  Lots of raw but well seated details and shiny surfaces.  It was a touch loud due to the open ceiling but that seems to be a restaurant trend.  It's definitely worth coming back here I just need to figure out when it's not packed.As far as gay bars go, this place is a bit confusing.
We were seated outside but then realized you can't sit outside just for drinks. 
Okaaay...back inside we were treated to the most indifferent service this side of Washington Ave. I appreciate the Ameri-centric theme, but it's a place that could do without the ugly american attitude. The food was good, without a doubt, but there's some schizophrenia afoot here as far as the bar's identity.  Will be back to try again, maybe it was an off night.I'm really down with Stateside.  A good happy hour is one of the quickest ways to my heart, and Stateside has one of the best.  5-7 M-F the decent beer list, which is already reasonably priced, is half off.  To top it off, dollar oysters are served up by the plateful.
The atmosphere here is pretty cool, they're going for the classy 1950s era where cocktails were king.  The bartenders are dressed smartly, and the whole concept just seems to work.
For the food, none of the small plates are large enough or tasty enough to leave a memorable impression.  It's good at the time; but that's about the best I can say.  I won't be back for a meal any time soon.
The staff is working out some kinks to this new place, and the space is small, but I'm down.  The new American tapas is an interesting concept, albeit a bit pricey.  At the very least, check it out for happy hour before this place gets mobbed.This place was charmingly casual and delicious!  I loved everything we ordered and had a great dinner experience on a random Wednesday night. I went with my brother, who is a chef for Jose Garces, and he is very particular and opinionated.  He was very impressed with the variety of the menu and the flavor composition.  The smoked pork rillettes were probably my favorite - such an interesting application (served in a jar and meant to be wrapped in bibb lettuce).  The cauliflower was surprisingly spicey which I loved.   Another one of the people I was with is a vegetarian and there were plenty of options for her (parsnip soup and shaved vegetable salad - both dishes were fresh and had sharp, clean flavors).
The chef at Stateside just won a national sausage contest a few months ago, so we had to order the duck sausage which was by far the most delicious meat we had.  The pork belly a close second.  The portions were perfect for sharing and I left feeling satisfied but not stuffed or comatose.
Go here!  It's a great neighborhood hang out but could also be a good choice for out of town guests wanting something different yet very "Philly".  The beer and wine list was also very good!As a longtime resident of Passy Ave, I was very excited to see that someone bought and renovated the space on Cross and Passyunk right on the regionally-famous Singing Fountain. The building was absolutely ripe for remodeling with large windows that open onto the street and a great location just south of POPE (aka the medieval dungeon). Occasionally I would check in on their progress. I was elated to see their layout, which places the bar in the corner so that tenders can serve both indoor patrons as they gaze out on the hipster street parade and outdoor ones enjoying the sweet South Philadelphia air. 
When their menu went up, I was even more excited... pickles, rillettes, pork belly ( yes, yes, and YES). But then I saw their beer taps... Bells 2 Hearted, Yards Love Stout, Victory Prima Pils (yyyyyaaaawwwnnn) and after eating there I can safely say that I have deeply divided views about this place.
We started with the Rabbit Rillettes w/ plum preserves which were absolutely amazing. The only thing I could fault is the lack of toast points they serve along with it. I really wanted to savor that fatty goodness longer.
Since Stateside has an entire menu section dedicated to pickles, I figured we should try some. Our server recommended the Kohlrabi And Cucumbers with pickling spice & dill... simple but a good litmus test I thought. These were a total disappointment, not so much due to the taste but more to the serving size. For $4 you get about 1/4 of a cucumber all tucked into a tiny pickling jar... umm what? Why would you do that? Cucumbers grow like crazy AND the pickling process is so easy my cat could do it.
Next up, small plates. We got the Spotted Skate Wing barley, wild mushroom broth, smoked mussels and Crispy Maple Glazed Pork Belly fried nora mills grits, gala apples, spiced cider jus. FAN-freakin-TASTIC. I mean, so very good. The broth for the Skate was out of this world, my date ate every last drop. The grits for the Pork Belly were pressed into a crispy little cake and perfectly fried. I was floored at how well each component added to the next.
After they killed it on the small plates, we decided to get dessert (something I rarely do). The server described the offerings and we settled on a Gala Pear Tart with some kinda sour ice cream. This was actually more like a chopped pear fruit cup with a penny-sized dollop of cream... so sad. 
Overall the atmosphere was ok, the interior defines the term "urban industrial'," but the bar is sturdy and marble and curvy ... almost kinda sexy. Next time I plan to stay away from the pickles, get a specialty drink, skip dessert, and sit at the bar.Breaking foodie ground in new neighborhood this was the first dinning experience we headed to 4th of July weekend. Unsure if it was because of the holiday weekend that they cut staff but service (though fantastic) was ridiculously slow. Took over 15 minutes for someone to come to our table. We ordered each a delish cocktail (great assortment of those!) and some tapas. Our tapas arrived before our drinks.... I'm chalking it up to the holiday weekend. Food was ok but the drinks were the shinning stars of the evening by far (desert was good too - although forget what it was - but was great) Our friend joined us later & we all cheers to new beginnings in the soon to be hood!IAte dinner at Stateside tonight as part of Passyunk Avenue Restaurant week.  It was utterly incredible.  First of all, the restaurant is small, which keeps the sound level low and the bustle under control.  My friend and I had a three course meal, but we were allowed to talk and linger and spent two hours eating our dinner.
The restaurant is quite dark, and the presentations of the food are quite unusual, so you really have to focus on the tastes in each dish.  What they do with vegetables is amazing.  The flavors are intense....and the combinations unusual....bringing out unusual flavor accents.  
The selection of bourbon is incredible.  I had a bourbon pairing with each course and was astounded by the difference in taste, smell, and smoothness of each drink.
I think this is a restaurant that requires food sophistication.  The servings are small, and require attention to appreciate the presentation and taste of each element.  
It was a wonderful experience and I definitely want to go back many times!Grew up in that area. Glad to hear of all great restaurants up Passyunk Avenue and stateside being number one. We ran. Ok small plate place = small plates of okay food for same price as regular size meals at other great restaurants. Oysters were delicious yet ate one that had off smell and taste and I couldnt eat anymore oysters. Just mentioned it to waitress got a blank stare. Drinks were fun to try since they were olden day drinks that you only hear about. But would have enjoyed having full happy tummy for $ we spent from the  NUMBER 1best of phila.The cocktails are superb but the food was a little lacking. Service was average, nothing special but not bad by any account. Certain dishes lacked seasoning which I think was my major issue with the food. The drinks made up for the mediocre dishes!Woah. This may be my favorite spot in Philly.
I'd first tasted a few of Chef George's delicious bites at a Yelp event. But it took me a while to get back to Passyunk and I'm so glad I did. It was after some Philly going away drinks with friends. I'd had a fantastic year in Philly, enjoyed some really phenomenal food and drinks, which helped me on my way to Yelp elite, but the year was coming to a close. 
But I was pretty drunk already...and hungry. We were going to meet a friend who's more familiar with the Passyunk scene and much more in touch with exactly what to order and where, so we ended up at Stateside. Again, woah. That crispy pork belly. The cauliflower, omfg. Parmesan croquettes. 
I'm out of Philly now, but I can't wait to go back just to go to Stateside. Thanks Chef George!This is a solid 3.5 star review- I rounded up. 
Went here last night (a Thursday) and required reservations. The Best of Philly thing has really made it tricky to just swing by this neighborhood spot. 
The drink menu has changed from what is online. So my friend and I were upset we couldn't order the "Gangsta's Pearadise" a concoction of champagne, pear vodka and pear puree...sounds good right? We were super bummed. Ah well. Red wine always fits the bill. 
We go to order the first round of small plates and are told we have to order everything in one shot. No biggie. The menu is on the smaller side, with a few vegetarian options for my friend. We decided to get cauliflower and pickled veggies to start and then I would get the rib eye and she was getting the tagliatelle with mushrooms. My favorite thing was the cauliflower. The rib eye was cooked perfectly, but I wasn't super over the moon about it. My friend loved her pasta, and I think I'll order that next time. 
For dessert we ordered the carrot cake with blue cheese frosting. The cake itself was really good, however the blue cheese frosting overwhelmed the cake so we just ate around it. I understood what they were going for, but the cheese was a little too potent. 
The prices of this place are fairly reasonable for the amount of food you get, just don't expect to scoot out of here without dropping $80 for 2 people.Their happy hour has $5 old fashioneds which were fantastic. Also some great beers on tap as well.
The food is small-plates style and they recommend 2-3 per person, which is about right. They range from $10-$20 or so, and those were hit-and-miss for us.Went there with a friend last night for a cocktail. The cocktails were reasonably priced. Next time hopefully we will be able to explore the menu and have something to eat. Service was prompt and unobtrusiveI'm perplexed writing this review.  
It was one of the better meals I will have for under $40 and we ordered a ton of plates if not over ordered, but nothing sang to me to the point where I want to always come back.  
We had most the menu, the Broccolini was special served cold w/ a curry mayo flavor, assorted pickle plate one of my favorite dishes to snack on, steak tar tar was the absolute winner of the night.  
On to main plates; the pork slider was pork belly and some dried potato crisps had alot of flavor but maybe under salted? Short rib (they didn't have cheek) was tender and soft, but nothing to die for.  The sausage for me was very special and tasted like an elevated version of a ballpark worst with sour kraut, but again borderline felt like something I could possibly make at home.  Pork rillettes were smoky flavor and a ham -like taste as it went down very very hard to put down, not something I could ever possibly make at home.
The mussels and clams were more like clams, butter soup, bread and a mussel.  there were actually 5 mussels in the dish.  I'd rather not have any mussels than 1.25 of a mussel for everyone at the table btw $21 dish...  I've been to flex mussels and for roughly the space premium they don't fu@k around you'll get a Costco serving worth of mussels for the same price.
Would I take a friend from home visiting, absolutely.  Would I come back and try more food sadly no.  I'm good, it was a one time only thing.  They get a 4 because the service was impeccable, the whisky sour will be dreamed about and to taste so many different foods in one sitting is absolutely rare.  
Go, but I think you'll agree it may be one and done.Wow. I went to Stateside on a Monday, having forgot most restaurants on Passyunk are closed. We were entertaining an out-of-town guest and wanted to show off South Philly. We decided to try out Stateside, initially because it was open and also their invited open air space looked inviting. Stateside looked like a gastropub, but I had no idea that the Stateside was worlds apart from a gastropub. 
Instead, I was delighted by the menu of interesting tapas, good beer selection, and novel cocktails. Our table of 3 selected 6 plates and 1 dessert and shared them. I loved every dish especially the salmon tartare. The service was excellent and the server brought us a complimentary amuse and small dessert. The restaurant had the right mix of casual atmosphere and original, upscale food.
And the price! With the happy hour specials and complimentary tastes, the bill was unbelievably low. Granted, we weren't drinking, but still the check amounted to under $20 per person. That was what earned Stateside the extra star. 
In sum, Stateside is a revelation. With only one visit, I knew this had become among my top choice of South Philly restaurants. And our out-of-town visitor was amazed. Stateside made us look good and proved that South Philly is a "go-to" destination.Ok, has anyone tried the new menu? I wanted to try Stateside for a loooong time and finally got around to it. The spot is very intimate and cozy, in fact they could definately add 3-4 extra tables and make more room for the people lining up at the door... Happy hour wine is pretty good, bread is fine, but... the rest? OMG, I've never had such a flavorless pate. Spam is BETTER. On top, it is served with 2 tiny pieces of toast( we are talking 2 half slices, TWO by TWO inch!). You are forced to ask for extra and pay for it. The foie gras is OK, but again , no bread to spread it on, just some miniscule beignets, as small as yout thumb nails. Seriously?!? Our server did a good job, so no complaints there, just the food. The entrees came with no starch, just a few bites of something. I mean, I understand the concept of small plates, but you are charging for a FULL price entree, damn it! The highlight of our evening was the foie gras dessert, not sweet at all and you could definately taste the foie. I thought that was exceptional and very creative. Compliments on that one for sure! But the pate...please add some seasoning( salt, pepper, herbs, nuts etc would be nice). I may revisit, just order something else. And...if you really want a GOOD pate or foie gras, go to Zinc, or Morimoto...Would have loved to leave a nice review. I took a twenty dollar cab ride to eat here arrived at 8:40 and the kitchen was closed. Hours of operation were listed kitchen open until 9:00. I did call earlier in the afternoon to confirm the hours they served food but nobody answered the phone. I have owned and operated restaurants my entire life and would never conduct business like that for his very reason. Very pretentious and disrespectful practices.Beat bar stools: no back and slippery seat. An initial bummer followed by the cocky bartender with serious attitude. Another bummer. Ordered a bite and it was so, so. Didn't love it here.I visited Stateside for a happy hour date with my girlfriends on a Wednesday night. Everything about it was almost great. Like.. so close. Almost.
I sat down at the bar and started in on my beer before my friends showed up. Draft list was small but everything seemed high quality and seasonal. I enjoyed staring out the window at frozen South Philadelphians impatiently waiting for their dogs to piss on the steaming sidewalk so they could scramble back indoors. When I'm alone, I like to chat with the bartender, and as an ex-member of the service industry, I appreciate a little effort on the part of the person behind the counter. However, our chatter was... ok. Almost.
My girlfriends came and now, with half a beer in my system and left without chatter, I was starving. The girls ordered drinks and I immediately asked for a couple of the menu specials and some oysters. Oysters were great, duck pate & cornichons were tasty but a little dry (and came with half as much crostini as the dish required), and the salt cod & potato fritters were somehow lacking the fabulous salty cod-ness I was craving. Still mostly good... almost.  
The music was great, the price was right... but it was really cold and too dark. Everything I liked about this place was somehow tempered by something that didn't quite work. I won't say I didn't enjoy my time at Stateside, but in a city with lots of options, I feel I can afford to hold out for the tried & true places that do excellent on all counts every time you come in. I am however, definitely willing to do a redo and let Stateside prove that consistency is possible! My hopes are high.