Three guests and I were fortunate to be invited for dinner on the private 9/8 family and friends opening night which was Steak48's first night of service.
Overall:
The experience was first class on all fronts. With an exciting, full menu executed to perfection, highly detail-oriented and friendly service, and an incredibly gorgeous space, Steak48 gave us plenty of reasons to run back - one of the more memorable meals I've enjoyed in Philadelphia!
To see:
We were sat near the kitchen, in full view of the impeccably designed cooking stations which included dessert being made right in front of us. Our area of the dining room was lively and and a great mix of brightness from the kitchen and darker tones from the rest of the dining room. Other areas of the restaurant seemed more steakhouse-chic, with secluded booths and dimmer lighting - there's something for everyone in their huge, newly renovated space.
To drink: 
Nicely balanced dirty martinis with blue cheese olives were flowing through the early evening - a warm welcome to be sure! Friends who ordered whiskey- and mezcal-based cocktails were also quite happy with their selections.
The extensive wine menu leaned New World with a great selection of Napa Cabs, so we followed suit and selected a bottle of Mt. Veeder to be decanted and served with the main course. 
To eat:
We were encouraged by the owner to order a wide variety of items! Say less. 
We started with a mix of appetizers to include the meatballs, crispy shrimp, burrata, and shishito peppers. From the raw bar we also added the hawaiian poke with ahi tuna. All of the items tasted great, with the highlights being the shrimp and poke. 
For our main courses, it goes without saying that all of us at the table selected steak. All of our plates came out extremely hot, a hallmark of Steak48. I chose the Kansas City bone-in filet. An unfamiliar cut to me, it was extremely flavorful and a perfectly cooked medium throughout. Friends were equally happy with their choices of the bone-in filet's and ribeye. You can't go wrong with any of the bone-in selections!
Paired with our mains were creamed spinach, corn creme brulee, mushrooms, and au gratin potatoes. The potatoes and the mushrooms were the highlights, while the corn presented a tad too sweet which was slightly off-putting to pair with the steak. What was interesting is that since the plates come out so hot, the sides continue to cook and caramelize on the plate; while this made for interesting flavors, it did have the effect of the sides heating up to the point where they nearly burned mine and my friends' mouths. I suggest to patience (and maybe another drink) before diving in following service!
Since we were teased by the dessert station all night through the window across our table, we ordered doughnuts with a chocolate dipping sauce (the evening's special), the cookies and cream popcorn sundae, and an affogato with salted caramel ice cream. Everything was fantastic!My husband and I recently dined at Steak 48 for the soft opening.  From the moment we walked in we were immediately approached by a very friendly staff.  Our table was not ready so we were offered a tour of the new restaurant.  Stunning light fixtures, cool lounge, many different rooms.  Once seated, in front of the kitchen (so cool), we were greeted by our server.  She was very prepared to answer any of our questions.  We all enjoyed the drinks, appetizer (burrata is one not to miss), seafood tower (gigantic shrimp), delicious salads, amazing steaks and so many appealing desserts we had to taste them all. I was so happy not to leave with swollen fingers from overly salted food.  It was all delicious. I would definitely dine here again soon. Don't forget to order the beignets!OMG!!! I don't know where to begin. The impeccable service started as soon as we arrived to the valet.  The ambiance was chill with a variety of good music. Our servers, Chloe and Molly, provided full explanations of the menus, including recommendations on each. Both ladies were great, ensuring we had everything we needed and catered to our food allergies. Their assistant, Dan, was extremely helpful in the ability to provide fast service, and Chris, the manager, came to check on us. Saving the best part for last, the food was absolutely phenomenal; I recommend the spiedini chilean sea bass (thanks Chloe, it tasted amazing ). Our first time experience was so grand, we made another reservation while in the restaurant. We'll see you guys soon!We went on a double date last night because we've heard so many great things about this restaurant. From the moment we got there, we were treated like royalty. We walked in and the hostess was so wonderful, she talked up our server McClain and said he was amazing, and was absolutely right about it. The drinks were SPECTACULAR (my favorite was the Paloma with the mezcal, SO good). We ordered the oysters and the beef tartar as appetizers (delicious), and we each ordered petite filet with a couple of sides to try them out. 
The steak was OUT OF CONTROL: my boyfriend and I are big foodies and I don't think we've ever tried a steak that was cooked so perfectly, and had this amazing flavor. The plate was sizzling at how hot it was. Our server was constantly checking up on us to make sure we had drinks, and our napkins would get replaced every time one of us would get up to go to the bathroom. 
We ordered the mac n cheese, the truffle fries and the roasted asparagus as sides, and they were amazing. 
The ambiance was very beautiful and elegant, so it's a great spot for any special occasion. Also, did I mention they called us the next day to follow up on how our experience was??My wife and I had dinner to celebrate our 51st wedding anniversary.
I have NEVER had better service, met nicer people and our server Averington  was phenomenal.!  Our food was prepared to perfection all came out hot and delicious.  My wife and I had the opportunity to meet James one the managers.  James, took time to inquire about our meal and service  he could not have been more personable and genuine.
My wife and I are looking forward to enjoying many more meals and special occasions  in the future.
The attention to detail was the best I have ever had.
It may be new ut it was great.We went for a bd party it was outstanding from start to finish. Stuff was a bit snobby but I got over after my 2nd drinkAbsolutely amazing experience! Jeff our server was so knowledgeable, personable, friendly, and attentive ! Watching the room he gave the same service to every single table he had so i could tell it was genuine ! Many other options other than steak too! A must have experience in Philadelphia! Steak48 is a breed of its own !Overall I feel this will be my last time to this restaurant. The host in the front young lady and the two gentlemen holding the doors were great.  Very nice.  once the service started I did not like it.  my first time here the waitress was so pleasant and introduced herself.  I have no idea who are waitress was.  It took about 10 mins to get her attention to order or even ask a question.  it was like she was purposely not looking in our direction.  I basically had to yell for her.     later in the evening I went to the restroom upstairs.  When I was returning to my seat I slipped on your floor.  Instead of asking if I was ok or even getting a manager one of your waiters kept saying I had too many drinks.  1st that was SUPER EMBARASSING and he did this a few times.  even came to our table later and said it again.   2. I did have two drinks but I was not drunk.  Your floor was slippery and I had on heels.  I was so angry at this time I couldn't even speak because if I did I would have did something.  no one apologized no one looked at the floor just nothing.  So I actually would not recommend anyone to go here.  or better you form your own opinion as I am sure everyone will have a different experience.  I just know this was the last time for me!We went there for my husbands birthday. It was a Thursday and they were pretty busy. We had a reservation but we still had to wait 10 minutes to be sat. The restaurant is gorgeous, three people greeted us as we went in. We had a table with a view of the kitchen and it was fun to watch the team work. Our waiter Overton was amazing. He really took his time and explained everything and we were never rushed even though we had a late reservation.  The portions are a good size, we had an appetizer, salads, colosseum shrimp steaks and two sides. We couldn't finish everything and the sides were pretty big. I loved the steak Oscar, very delicious!  Everything was delicious and the staff was super attentive. Top steak houseEverything was phenomenal. From the staff to the  decor of the restaurant. I was treated and attended to wonderfully. The food was delicious and I will be returningThe service was 10/10, waiter was friendly and made good suggestions. The drinks were delicious as well! The steaks were good, but the sides were just okay and the sea bass was just okay -- could have been way more flavorful. Portions were extremely generous. The dessert chosen was also really good! The service definitely outshined the food. The experience was overall great.I liked it alot. Wasn't too crowded. Good ambiance and good vibe. Expect to pay btw 100 to 150. Good salmon and SteakThis is an awesome new steak restaurant.  Everything from the crispy shrimp to the waygu filet to the warm vanilla cake was perfect.  Our waiter Everton was a wonderful host and guide through the menu.  Definitely a must visitMe & my friend have been trying to get reservations here for a while they are always booked. I heard nothing but great things about the food and they were true. The customer service was AMAZING. From the staff to the waitress. I enjoyed all of the apps & entrees the chicken fried lobster was a bit salty but still good overall. I def recommend this for a date night & dress casual. YesMy wife and I ate at Steak 48 for the first time yesterday evening. The interior design is fantastic no matter what part of the restaurant you walk through. We especially loved the dining area that faces the kitchen which is enclosed with glass that is so clear you cannot believe that it is actually there. The bar area will be a happening place once the pandemic restrictions have been lifted. We ate upstairs (which has its own bar) at a cozy romantic table. The seating areas are very comfortable although at my age (and perhaps at any age) the lighting was extremely dim. Coleman, a manger, came to our rescue with a light so that we could see the menu which is both extensive and pricey but clearly worth the experience. Coleman also took us on a tour of the different areas of the restaurant which was a treat. Chef Watson paid us a visit and added to our most enjoyable meal with surprise additions to our appetizer, entrees and a desert that was out of this world. The food, the ambiance and the service made for a most enjoyable evening. Everyone from the wait people to the bus people to the servers delivering the food was polite and attentive. The music added a nice touch to what was a wonderful dining experience although I would have preferred some soft jazz myself. We are looking forward to returning and eating in the area where you can see the kitchen. I have not given Steak 48 a five star rating only because in my mind, nothing is perfect.Visited Steak 48 on 5/12. Service was a little slow but the food was amazing. I had the 22 oz Bone in Ribeye. It was Super tender & loaded with flavor. The super foods salad & creme brûlée corn were also great choices as well.Wow. Wow. Wow. What an amazing dining experience! First, the place is stunning and HUGe! I got a tour of the restaurant after my meal and it goes on and on. The bar downstairs is absolutely breathtaking. I got the pleasure of eating at the smaller more intimate bar area upstairs and service from Joshua was top notch. I started with crab and avocado stack per his recommendation and it was so flavorful. The wagyu filet was tender and delicious and the creamed spinach was the best I've ever had. The provide very generous wine pours which is a + in my book! Finally, I had the beignets which were off menu and the presentation was phenomenal.  With all the steakhouses in town, the service is really what sets them apart, and why I already made a second reservation!Incredible food, service and atmosphere.  What a 5 star steak house should be!!!  
The wine and drink menu are spectacular as well.  I recommend the crab and avocado stack as an app.   Also any steak on the menu.  Have had all of them.  Favorite sides are the corn creme brulee and the crab Mac n Cheese.  All off the charts.Great place, excellent service and ambiance! Food was really good. Had the NY Strip,Mac and Cheese and Brussels. Meatloaf as well. Really delicious! Meatball for an appetizer was scrumptious too. Drinks were strong!I have to say I was pleasantly surprised with the service and attention after reading prior reviews. I am not necessarily the easiest customer to please, and I found the staff to be extremely attentive from start to finish. From seating choices, to giving us a restaurant tour while we waited, to a pleasant attentive server I could not have asked for better customer service. Food was hot, and served in an appropriately timed fashion. I can't say it's the best steak house in Philadelphia, but it was a very nice dining experience an the decor is very cool. I would definitely have a drink in the beautiful bar if returning post covid.The food and drinks are great, but for an upscale restaurant, that's the bare minimum. We made the reservations to celebrate our fifth wedding anniversary. After sitting at the bar while we waited for our table (we got there early after seeing a show and didn't mind waiting at the bar), one of the hostesses let us know our table was ready. When we got to the second floor, we all realized that the table that she was taking us to was occupied  (by people the upstairs bartender said could sit there). After waiting for the manager, she surprisingly didn't make the people who clearly didn't have a reservation move (and attempted to seat us at the upstairs bar which we declined). She let it slide and seated us back down stairs. 
Our server took our order, then came back 20 minutes later to take it again because she "lost the ticket". I can understand that, a Saturday night can get busy.
My issue is really how the seating situation was handled.Spectacular steak, flawless service and second-to-none interior design. However, their $100 pp minimum is a huge turn-off. 
This is not some entertainment venue where the talent must be paid and cheapskates collared by a table minimum. Given the price points requested you'd come damn close to their threshold on an average evening anyway but who wants to waste their time constantly doing arithmetic in their head. 
That's not hospitality, that's math. If I wanted to take the SAT's during dinner I would have brought along a workbook. 
Shortsighted, and unnecessary. A five star experience cheapened.Ate here when the restaurant opened a few weeks back. The service was incredible from the entire staff (hostess, server, managers). They truly went above and beyond to make it the best experience possible. The interior of the restaurant looks incredible, and definitely sets the tone for the quality of the food and service you will receive. 
In regards to dinner, we ordered a seafood tower, ahi poke, crab stuffed sole, and a surf and turf with sautéed shrimp and filet. Everything was cooked perfectly, and the seafood was fresh and tasted great. 
Our server was incredible (Porsche). Very knowledgable of the menu, offered great recommendations (food and wine), and definitely made sure we had an amazing dining experience. She was so friendly and attentive, which complimented the amazing food perfectly.
Could not recommend this restaurant more. Top notch experience and service, and we'll definitely be back.Amazing food and service ! Get the mushrooms! And wedge salad was great. Filet was cooked perfectly.This place was terrible, our server was very unprofessional and kinda rude. You are completely rushed the entire time. Super overpriced and our meal came out wrong TWICE. I rather spend my money elsewhere. Way to many steak houses in the city to go to this place. Definitely will never be back.My wife and I enjoyed wonderful anniversary dinners with our best friends.  The service from start to finish was off the charts.  The employees were all gracious and professional.  For an opening, it was surprising how well trained and efficient the Steak48 team was.  The food was spectacular.  We started with salads that were prepared perfectly.  The appetizers were also very good.    I have been to many steak houses, but I have never experienced a steak cooked so perfectly.  It was an enjoyable experience from start to finish.  The "Whole Product" as created by the restaurant's ownership is an experience that everyone should have the opportunity to enjoy.  I can't wait to go back...Been to this restaurant 4 times so far and it is still one of my favorites. I mostly enjoy the ambiance and service. Perfect for date night. I'm not a red meat eater so I have not tried the steak but my date said it was really good. I enjoyed the sea bass and fired lobster. I also like almost every side dish they provide! A must try to see for yourself.4 1/2 stars
We went to Steak 48 for my husband's birthday.  The service hands down was 5 star from the time we entered to the time we left.  Our server Garfield was fabulous. He even surprised my husband with a birthday dessert. Everyone we encountered was extremely helpful and pleasant.  
Appetizers - the pork belly was tender, sweet and spicy, crispy shrimp with thai sauce was good, the meatballs were huge, 4 to an order and cooked to perfection. We also had oysters with 4 sauces- extremely fresh. My favorite hands down.  Steer clear of the fried deviled eggs, they were terrible and tasted like a fried boiled egg. 
Food- The pair of crab cakes were all crab meat, seasoned and broiled, the rib eye was juicy and seasoned well, and the au gratin potatoes were tasty.  The brussel sprouts were just ok, to much butter and not enough contrast but nice pieces of fresh bacon. 
Dessert- the sorbet was rich and smooth(blood orange, mango, raspberry), the warm vanilla cake with ice cream was a table favorite.  
Overall, it was a great night.  We will be definitely be back again.An experience. That's what I can say. It's an experience that tasted pretty good. 
My night started interestingly because Butcher and Singer lost power yesterday and we had to pivot and make other birthday plans. I called over and they had a table available for the 4 of us. 
This place has the best dirty martini I've ever had. THEY HAVE BLUE CHEESE STUFFED OLIVES YALL. 
They give out fresh baked rolls. They are buttered garlicked, and cheesed. Such a nice little add. To start we had oysters both west and east coast, and pork belly. Get the pork belly; it's sweet and lightly spicy, and the spinach is great. 
I had the Caesar salad, scallops, corn, mushrooms, and we accidentally ended up with the sweet potato. I would highly recommend all those dishes. 
The wait staff was great and really knowledgeable. The atmosphere is fun and relaxed. I have been hearing there's some rules on attire and such but we were dressed pretty well. 
Definitely a great meal but definitely for special occasions.First of all the place is beautiful on the interior and the service is top notch. Security, doormen and the host staff are all amazing.
At your table the server is accompanied by a team of experts to make your dining experience amazing.
The sides were great and so was the appetizers, the steak was solid yet unspectacular. Could have been better on the steak, as something was just off with it.I came here the 2 past Thursdays and sat at the bar with a friend, who was in from Arizona. Our service was so awesome from Alyssa and Anastasia the 1st Thursday, that we returned a 2nd time and this time Javier assisted us as well. All 3 went above and beyond in their service & drinks were amazing each time. The bread & chicken fried lobster are amazing. My friend from Arizona went to Steak 44 there & said this location has them all the way beat! Will def return!I would like to address I typically do not write reviews even if I had a bad experience but this tops it all. Expensive just for the sake of being expensive. Typically if you are going to charge high end prices for a steak house dinner, you should also offer excellent customer service, creativity, and a hard pressed menu that can't find else where. Well this restaurant did not meet the standards, just the price! 
I hosted my birthday dinner here and it was a disappointing experience overall from the food, to the customer service, to management. Prior to the dinner I had to prepay with a guaranteed minimum spending which I did not understand why but did so per restaurant's request. Although, given the prices on the menu we would have spent more. Then they required that we ordered off of a pre-fixed menu. This just took away from the whole experience because we were limited with our dinner option compared to the variety selection offered on the regular menu.
Once there, management was not accommodating at all.  It's just disappointing considering the amount of money we spent there. The food was not great. There was nothing special about the dish, just regular steakhouse entrees.  One of my guest had to abruptly leave the premises because she asked if she could order an appetizer that was not on the prefix menu. The manager on duty immediately and rudely declined her request and accused her of attacking him with her hands. How could a 5 foot petite woman sitting down hands reach a 6'4 man standing up? Additionally the same manager was caught talking negatively about my guests to another table. A manager who happens to be a women of color and the same race was sent to our room to hear our concerns. I expressed to her since I am the host of the event, why wasn't I given a warning before my guest was removed and how I strongly disagreed with the way management handle the issue. I also reiterated that the manager who had accused my guest of a so called "assault"only wanted her gone because his ego was hurt after her confronting him of his poor management skills. The woman manager was only sent there by the male managers because they were caught speaking negatively about my guests and also see if she was able to defuse the situation since she is the same race. That was very unprofessional, poor management all around. I can't believe how my whole dinner party was treated as paying guests who've not only paid in advance but also more than the minimum requirement and maybe thousands more if the night would have turned out differently. I just hope we were not treated a certain way because of our skin color. I have been to numerous 5 stars steak restaurants and have never endure this type of experience.  I will never again dine there and will not recommend anyone of color to.We had an amazing dining experience at Steak 48 for my husband's birthday.  The customer service and ambience were phenomenal. The staff all wore masks & the tables were spread out. The meatballs & fried deviled eggs were delicious. The cocktails were great. Our steaks were tender & juicy. We love how the plates remain hot so the steak remains warm as you continue to enjoy it. The caramel vanilla cake was a sweet end to a delectable meal. We look forward to visiting Steak 48 again.Everything was great. The service, the Valet, the ambiance, and most importantly the food. I went here for my birthday and I was impressed. They gave me a birthday card once I was seated. My dessert was on the house. They even called me the next day to thank me for choosing their restaurant. I would definitely go back.Pure, unadulterated excellence! We had a pre-wedding dinner for my sister-in-law and her partner and decided to go with Steak 48. It was the absolute BEST decision! 
I worked with Savannah earlier in the day to set up the surprise dinner. She had the table set with rose petals and a bouquet of gorgeous flowers! We were seated in a semi-private room with fabulous ambiance and social distancing! PERFECT
But HUNTYYYYYYY, the food was 5-star! Our waitress, Germany, was attentive, warm, well-verses on food and suggestions! There was seafood Mac and cheese, corn brûlée, lamb chops, steaks, handcrafted drinks, red velvet bread pudding, chocolate cake, delectable shrimp, jalapeño calamari,  and chocolate cookies! 
If you are looking for a bargain meal, go to McDonald's. If you are not concerned with prices, come here! You are greeted and SPOILED BEFORE YOU WALK IN THE DOOR. You DO NOT TOUCH THE DOOR, the staff does it. They treat you like the rock star that everyone is! Please bring your smile and gratitude.... leave all negativity at the door!I went for my birthday celebration and from the time I walked in to when I exited the premises I was treated like royalty. It felt like EVERY employee from the Manager to waitstaff and bartenders knew it was my birthday and went out of their way to make it special. The food and wine list was phenomenal and the decor was top notch. Flowers golore, attentive staff and a music playlist that was out of this world. I cannot wait to go back!! I highly recommend the crispy shrimp appetizer, the best I have ever had and the crab cakes which had NO filler. My friends both had steaks and there wasn't a thing left on the plates. Drew, our server was the best, as well as Nino, Hector and Javier kept our glasses full and hearts happy. The entire staff was just incredible. A truly wonderful place to spend the evening, I cannot recommend it enough.Literally a five star experience from the time you enter the door! There was a mix up with our reservation that wasn't the fault of S48, however they still accommodated us. This was really cool and greatly appreciated as I know this a very popular restaurant, especially on weekends. Our server was kind and offered amazing menu suggestions. I started off with a margarita which was a little strong but REALLY smooth. I loved it! For appetizers we enjoyed the crispy calamari, shrimp and the yummy steakhouse meatballs. All of the apps were great, especially the meatballs. You can really tell they're made in house and the calamari and shrimp came with four dipping sauces. YUM! For my main course I had the wagyu ribeye, which isn't on the menu but it can be requested. O M G!!!! Literally the best steak I've ever had. It was so juicy and tender. Waitress recommended to have it prepared medium plus and let it cook a little longer on the hot plate when it came out for medium well goodness. It was pure perfection! My bf enjoyed his lamb chops but did state they could've used a little more flavor. Creamed spinach and broccoli were great compliments to our meal as well. For dessert my bf ordered the cookies and cream popcorn sundae and I ordered the warm caramel cake. Both were really good! Surprisingly the popcorn wasn't mushy or too soft and the cake came out warm like it was fresh out of the oven! At the end of your meal they do provide complimentary cookies but we were so stuffed we didn't get to try them. What really stood out the most about our experience was the day after. I received a call inquiring about my time at S48 and that really blew me away. It made me feel valued as a guest and that they genuinely care about the overall experience the staff is providing. Definitely returning here on my next trip to Philly!This place is overrated! Came with a party of 17. They limited us to a set menu because we had a large party because the kitchen could not accommodate us. When asked if I could order ONE appetizer off of the pre-set menu they told me No but I didn't understand why if they handed me the menu with all of the options. If we were not allowed to order then why give me a menu with options? When I kept inquiring about it, apparently the "District Manager" was not pleased with it. I went to the ladies room with a group of ladies when I came out the District Manager asked me to leave the premises because he said he observed my behavior and had complaints from other tables of us in the restroom. Not sure how he was able to single me out as the person In the restroom but he said it was me. I wasn't going to argue because I'm sure he was just tryin to make a statement since I said some about the menu and not being able to order from the menu. There was four of us in the restaurant...how can they determined it was me?...in the restroom! It's okay. I paid and I left. My point is that this place is overrated. The managers (men) could not handle constructive criticism from a women and wanted to make a statement by escorting me out. If I'm paying thousands of dollar for dinner, please don't tell me what I can and can't eat. It's overrated because of social media. As a working class citizen with money to pay for such establishment, I will NEVER recommend a restaurant with no customer service and does not accommodate paying clients. I felt like if I was a celebrity or if I wasn't brown skin I would have been accommodated and this would have ended differently. Maybe even a 5 stars rating on yelp.
This place really runs the customers and tells customers what they need to do. It's not accommodating at all!!!I've been dying to try Steak 48 since last year and unfortunately had to wait even longer due to COVID. The whole dining experience was well worth the wait. I'd like to note the $100 pp discussion - with the quality of the service and food I understand it. If you can't respect their policies, don't eat here, plain and simple. 
For starters we had the oysters and shrimp and calamari appetizer. The oysters were so meaty and fresh  and I could definitely say they're the best I ever had. Comes with 5 condiments to eat with and as a person who loves sauces this really made them that much better. The shrimp and calamari were also delicious, the seasoning reminded me of Popeyes which I'm a huge fan of and this dish also came with 3 different sauces which were all so good!
For my main course I had the sea bass with the bread crumbs on top. The portion was huge! Sea bass is usually a lighter fish but this was so heavy and tender that I had to take it home. So much flavor and depth. For sides - we got the creme brûlée cream corn (omg, don't come here without getting that), truffle fries, mash potatoes, and creamed spinach. All the sides were amazing as well. 
Lastly, for desserts we got the key lime pie and deep fried banana split. The key lime pie was a little heavy and was more of a cheesecake if anything. Would skip that next time. But the banana split... wow. One of the best desserts I ever had. The maraschino cherry whipped cream on top was the star. 
Our server Porsha and her helper were so personable and down to earth and made that experience that much better. We really felt welcomed here! 
Only negative was the music didn't match the vibe. Other than that, the whole experience was 10/10. Can't wait to come back.Where do I start? Naturally it should be with the food but to be honest, the service is what TRULY made Steak 48 a phenomenal experience.
We were greeted by beautiful black faces all wearing masks behind a plexiglass barrier. It was refreshing entering such a high-end restaurant and seeing faces like your own. As a WOC that was very comforting. 
The moment we stepped into the dinning room I was blown away. Low lights, simple decor and plenty of space for social distancing. It was very comforting also seeing the servers wear mask and  plastic face covers. As someone who's been taking COVID-19 very seriously, I've been reluctant to eat indoors and felt relieved seeing the safety measures in place.
Our Waiter was AMAZING!! He recommended a perfect red wine that was dry enough for my boyfriend and semi-sweet for me.
OF COURSE the food was out of this world! Worth every single penny. I recommend the Wagyu, Crusted Seabass, Seafood Mac and the Crispy Rock Shrimp are a MUST. In fact, don't be like us- get a large order. Lol the shrimp alone is enough for us to come back.
Next time I'll have to leave room for dessert. Job well done Steak 48! We'll be back for more!This restaurant is AMAZING. My friends and I went here to celebrate my friends birthday & everything was perfect. Before we arrived the general manager wrote a birthday note for my friend she loved it! The service is 10/10, the food was 10/10, the vibe 10/10! The inside of the restaurant is so nice and elegant. I will definitely DEFINITELY be back. My favorite restaurant so far in Philly.delicious food and amazing service but the older gentleman at the entrance is not very polite. He shut the door on me because i didn't put my mask on fast enough. Also he would not let me and my mother take pictures on the steps.Loved it here! Will be returning. Everything, and I do mean everything was delicious! Great ambience as well.What a perfect place to celebrate birthdays! 
The Alaskan King Crab & Rock Shrimp Mac & Cheese and the Crispy Shrimp made for perfect appetizers. The mac & cheese was soooooo creamy, and the restaurant did not skimp on the seafood! The Crispy Shrimp just melted in our mouths because it was that good!
I asked for Filet Mignon cooked medium rare, and they did just that. The meat was soooooo juicy, tender, and flavorful! There have been so many times that a medium rare steak elsewhere would come out medium to medium well, but Steak 48 did not disappoint! Creamed spinach and Brussels sprouts were the perfect sides to accompany the steak. 
To make the evening even better, the desserts, cocktails, and service were impeccable. I love the setup of the restaurant - fancy, wide booths with a very modern, elegant decor. Absolutely can't wait to return for many more steaks in the future!We Love, loved the ambiance, food and service. We would like to go back. Seating is limited due to Covid restrictions so reservations are a must.Very swanky location with exceptional food. I attended a small sponsored event here with a customized menu to order from. For starters we were served Rhode Island Calamari which came with three delectable sauces and lemon. They were a bit over fried for me but delicious. A chopped salad was served -- fresh and tasty. The NY Strip was a very nice piece of beef although a little overcooked as I order medium rare. It comes on a SIZZLING hot plate straight out of the oven. My favorite of the meal was the corn creme brûlée which is a creamed corn with the a harried layer of burnt caramel. Lastly, the dessert was insanely good, a Vanilla Caramel Cake w/ pecans and ice cream -- some of the best dessert I've had in years. Overall, bring the wallet with you, but this place was one of the better steak houses I've visited in Philadelphia based on ambiance and food quality.First off I would like to thank our server JEFF! he was awesome, for these reasons. I've been to 3 Mastro's statehouse's in Orange County, Manhattan, and 
Beverly Hills. Also 2 Delfriscos, philly & DC. And a lot more stake houses in my life and this stake 48 was hands down without a shadow of a doubt much much better then all put together! 
From the Service, to The food, & decor and atmosphere. 
It was our first time coming to stake 48 and also our first time eating in a restaurant in 8 months due to COVID we was nervous and Jeff seen we was, so he reassured us how sanitary they are and all the precautionary procedures they take 
To make sure we are save. And they even let us take in our own forks, knives, and cups. It was like he was reading our minds on what we needed and brought it fast! Service was amazing from Jeff and a really nice guy I will no doubt request him to be our server each time we come back and will be coming back soon! 
Now to the food... 
I don't have one complaint on anything. 
appetizers was amazing especially the crispy shrimp. 
The seafood was so fresh wish we got more of it. 
The drinks was great. 
The stake was cooked perfectly and taste was on point. 
And the sides paired perfectly with the stake and the cream crème brûlée corn was something like I never had in my life! 
My complements to the chef and Jeff and the staff at stake 48 for making a rememberable excellent experience
Excuse the pictures they are snapped from a videoAwesome service start to finish, beautiful ambiance and delicious food made my trip to Steak 48 memorable. Came here for an early dinner on 4/18 and as appetizers we had the crispy shrimp deviled eggs which were to die for and the king crab avocado stack which was so fresh and flavorful. I got the bone in rib-eye which cooked perfectly medium rare. The sides were amazing and shareable too. The au gratin potatoes were fantastic and the creamed spinach was yummy. Lucked up on street parking but they have valet. Will most definitely be back and highly recommend.I'm in love .... I've heard phenomenal things about the restaurant but it was hard to get a reservation. I picked my husband up from work downtown yesterday, it was a such beautiful day we decided to hang out and have dinner. On a humbug at 4:45pm my husband went to OpenTable and found that Steak 48 had 5pm reservations. Wow I wasn't expecting that. He said valet parking is $26. I REFUSE to pay $26 to park the car for a few hours. I said if it meant to be I'll find a meter nearby. IT WAS MEANT TO BE, I found a meter a block away from the restaurant. I called the restaurant to make the reservation then paid for parking . (If you don't have the meter up app to pay for parking please get it, it make's life so much easier) At this point my heart is telling me I'm in for a treat, and I was. 
We walked into the restaurant , everyone was so kind. Even the young lady who took my phone reservation came over and introduced herself. As we were escorted to the table the host again welcomed us to the restaurant . Every aspect of the restaurant is BEAUTIFUL .... the floors, walls, artwork, ceiling, decor, employees etc ... By the time I was seated I was giddy. 
Our waitress, Porscha , was beautiful , knowledgeable and attentive. Every suggestion she made was on point, including our drinks, I had a strawberry rhubarb something and my husband had an orange old fashion. My drink was so good, i had another 
Now lets talk about the food . For starters they placed piping hot freshly baked melt in your mouth rolls on the table. Delicious. I had to stop myself from eating more. For appetizers we couldn't decide if we wanted crispy shrimp deviled eggs (Porsche highly recommended it) or fried calamari and shrimp ... we got both and they both were DELICIOUS but I have to admit I dreamt about the deviled eggs last night. For the main course I had the crab cakes (I'm a Marylander so I can be quite snobby about Crabcakes ... they were delicious but a little loose for my liking) my husband had a perfectly prepared filet mignon. Our shared sides were mashed potatoes (chef how did you make those perfectly fluffy, perfectly seasoned mashed potatoes) and snap peas (so so so delicious) . We could not finish all of anything, so there was no room for dessert until Porscha placed two chocolate chip cookies on the table. Of course it was a buttery perfectly baked perfect cookie. 
There's so much more on the menu I want to ... no I HAVE to try so I'll be back really soon.
Oh and my parking was only $4.09 because you can stop the meter on the Meterup app and only pay for the parking you actually usedWhat. A. Meal!! Place is absolutely gorgeous, service was great, and the food was incredible. The steak was perfectly cooked along with the amazing steaming hot plate it came on!! Can't wait to go back.My friend and i picked this place for our impromptu dinner on a Tuesday night; rsvp was a breeze. They do require tour credit card info, so if you canceled you will be charged $50.
The decor was nice and elegant, dark, but elegant. Our waiter was knowledgeable with the menu which was a plus.
Appetizer: we ordered braised pork belly. Good, but nothing out of the ordinary. The meat was juicy on top of steamed spinach to balance out the sweetness.
Entree: Ordered bone-in ribeye. Good, but too salty for me. My friend ordered NY Strip and honestly Im not a fan- too tough. We also ordered Brussel Sprouts and Au Gratin. The au gratin was once again too salty. Both my friend and I like flavor in our food so when we say something is too this or that, we're not making it up
Dessert: The winner out of all. Im still dreaming about that crispy warm banana mixed with that caramel gelato  this is a must. 
Overall, its a nice experience and be ready to spend some money. They said $100/person? We almost doubled that per person. Impromptu dinner ‍Normally I don't review much, but we had such a phenomenal experience at Steak 48 last night I had to tell you all about it! The food was TO.DIE.FOR!!! (From crispy shrimp deviled eggs to the filets to the dessert!) But what made this restaurant STAND out was the amazing STAFF!!! Everyone was soooo nice, accommodating, friendly & not pretentious at all. The attention to detail was impeccable! Each and every staff member from the hostess to bussers, to our amazing server, Autumn, to the chefs, kitchen staff & manager made our night unforgettable! We WILL return! Thank you Steak 48!!!We decided to find out what's all of the hype about with Steak 48. 
Here it is:
Let's start with the food was delicious, and was priced appropriately for a steakhouse. The $100 minimum per person was very easy to achieve, we actually spent about $250 per person. (Total bill with tip ~$1,100-four people). 
We were seated in the main dining room with the open air kitchen. I believe that I counted 16/18 tables. The area, is OK!  I did not find the ambiance special, especially given what we spent for the evening. It was about the food and the company- but the basic open area seating was not special...very basic. 
The main server and table team was good, although I don't remember the server's name. We expect great service when we dine at any establishment, so it takes a bit more than doing your job to wow us! What we DO appreciate and what would have made the dining experience better is the chef or manager stopping by the table.  A brief introduction and check in on the overall meal, and/ or dining experience would have been a nice touch. That did not happen. 
Here are my interesting observations:
1) I was curious why the establishment felt the need to publish a dress code. Barclays Prime, Del Frisco's Double Eagle or Jean-Georges do not find the need to "over communicate" what attire is required. Yet Steak 48 does. Well, I observed some very interesting, inappropriate attire being wore by women. (Attire fit for a strip club or a low scale night club). It made me pause, and think to myself "why?".  We are foodies and have dined all around the city and I've not seen THIS in other high end-well appointed establishments. (Perhaps I've overlooked elsewhere; Steak 48 has open seating to left and right in the main dining room so partons essentially walk through the center aisle to be seated). None the less, I believe it can be handled by not allowing entry. It's distracting and detracts from the dining experience. 
2) As noted, the menu is appropriately priced-nothing extreme. Which again, made me question the real reason for publishing a minimum spend. It seems like it may be to price a profile of customer out that does not meet the brand/ image the establishment is looking to achieve. However, based on our observation- it wasn't working and people have plenty of money to spend (with inappropriate attire and all) to say they have been someplace that's popular. 
Recommendation: find a better way to express whatever message you are trying to get across to your customers. It "cheapens" the establishments brand, especially at $100. 
3) As we were leaving, we decided to get a photo on the steps. Now there is NOTHING special about these steps. It was the only open, lighted area besides the table to memorialize the moment. (The "lobby" was so dark- I thought I was walking through a haunted house until we passed the steps headed to our table). Nonetheless, a gentleman-Tony, graciously reached for our phone to take the photo. Initially, we thought that he was a friendly customer. Nope, he was security. His job was to watch over the stair case and make sure people were not coming in simply for a photo opportunity on the staircase. Again-odd. Nice steps, but in my opinion, nothing to talk about-simply a better lit area. 
Net, the food was good. If we return, we would absolutely request a private booth with the glass enclosure or a small semi private room. We prefer a complete experience to compliment the food. 
Wishing this establishment all the best as it finds its place among a few giants in the city!The food was so delicious . The wait time for the food wasn't long at all. I had the rack of lamb , with the shrimp & lobster Mac & cheese and Brussels sprouts . Everything was really good , the lamb was a tad bit salty but the manager handled it and got me some new ones with minimal salt and it was way better ! Dessert ommgggg delishhhh. I will definitely be back :)What an Experience!!!!!! If there was an option for 6 stars, they would easily exceed that. The food was AMAZING but more importantly, the service was UNREAL! It was my birthday and my boyfriend made a reservation here because steak is my favorite. We drove up from Baltimore and as soon as we arrived, they sat us immediately in a quaint booth and I was handed a handwritten birthday card from the staff. VERY NICE TOUCH!!! Our server was Everton who was an expert in hospitality!!! He knew the menu like the back of his hand. He explained the cocktails, food, different cuts and best temperatures to have your steak prepared. I ordered the heirloom tomatoes as an appetizer and although it's a simple dish, they were absolutely delicious!!! My boyfriend had the shrimp and calamari and they were GOOD!!!! For his main course he ordered the rack of lamb and they were cooked to perfection!!!! I ordered the butcher's cut Wagu. Man oh Man!!!!! They couldn't have done a better job at the seasoning and temperature. We were stuffed but couldn't resist the Crispy banana split!!!!! What an excellent rendition of a banana split. 
Just when we thought we had the best dinner the next day, we received a phone call at noon from a Representative from Steak 48 asking how our experience was. That is what you call EXEMPLARY CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! If you are on the fence about a 6 star restaurant for a special occasion, MAKE THE RESERVATION!!!!!I honestly like not be happier with my dining experience at Steak48.  I made reservations over a month in advance for my boyfriend's birthday and was anxious about everything being perfect.  When we arrived at 7:30 and our table wasn't quite ready which wasn't a huge deal.  We hung out by the doors and they brought us champagne for the inconvenience.  Plus one. 
Once we were seated I loveeeed our table. There was glass blocking behind each long side of the table and a wall flanking the short end of the table so it was like a private cubby.  The only way to see us was on the side of the table where are server would appear.  
Autumn served us and she was perfect in every way.  Her obvious mastery of the menu and comprehensive descriptions made it easy to choose the best dishes for us. My bf was very happy with the birthday card the restaurant gave him, he turned to me and said "awww it has my name on it." LOL 
So the food...yes we came to a steak restaurant to eat seafood. Sue me.  We ordered the fried lobster appetizer, jumbo crab cakes, pan seared scallops, corn creme brûlée and whipped potatoes topped with lobster and crab meat.  We also had two glasses of rosé.  Every single thing we ate was outstanding.  We finished the night with the warm vanilla cake as the birthday finale. And this was probably the best food I've eaten in years.  It was well worth the price tag.
I know there is controversy over the service minimum and dress code but I would frequent this establishment any day of the week.  Perhaps management might consider one or two (slower) days in the week when the mimimim isn't a requirement or just a bit lower? Just a suggestion that might open up this beautiful world to some who are turned off by the minimum.After constantly hearing about this restaurant (good and bad) over the last few months, I decided to give it a try for my husband's birthday. First off let me say that dining here is an experience. The staff here are very attentive to your needs, knowledgeable about the menu and friendly. When we walked in, the hostess wished my husband a happy birthday, and when we were seated so did our waitress. They also gave him a handwritten birthday card. We were seated in a dimly lit room off the main hallway & the ambiance was incredible. 
The food was delicious as it should be for a high-end steakhouse and the drinks were strong. We had the crispy shrimp and calamari as an appetizer. Get the crispy shrimp!! It was so good, and managed to maintain its crispness despite being covered in sauce. 
Next up for our entrees we ordered the salmon, hubby got a 12 oz steak, and we shared whipped potatoes and corn creme brûlée. The potatoes could've been hotter, they were just warmish when they arrived at our table, and the salmon, while good, was not the absolute best salmon I've had. It was cooked perfectly though. My husband enjoyed a few bites of his steak before being too full to finish. 
Sidenote here-  we valeted our car and they told us to text them 15-20 minutes prior to ending our dinner. We did that thinking we'd have at least 15-20 minutes from that moment to finish up. Not so. The car was ready in like 5 minutes. So we ended up having to rush the check and get our desserts to go. FYI in case anyone else is planning to valet. Make sure to get the timing right. 
My only complaint about the restaurant is the napkins. The standard white napkins got lint ALL OVER my black dress and my husbands navy slacks. The waitress did ask if we wanted black napkins when we were seated and I turned it down. I've never had a problem with white napkins leaving lint all over me at any other restaurant so why would I expect this place to be any different? Well I'm here to warn you that it will leave lint (and I mean a LOT of lint), on your clothing. Get the black napkins if you're wearing dark colored clothing. Also - it would've been a nicer experience if I didn't have to think about reaching a minimum requirement. My husband easily topped $100, but I don't eat as much and really forced myself to order extra things to satisfy the minimum. 
Other than that, everything was amazing. I would definitely come back but only for a special occasion. Buddakan is still my fav!What a great place to come to Philadephia, so thankful that I was able to go and it was my bday,, dame I forgot to tell them that when I was there. The food was everything the vibe was great and the staff was nothing like you ever seen. I will be back very soon..You walk in to Steak 48 and may be lucky to be in front of the kitchen. It is clean and beautiful and so cool to watch all the action! And if you are lucky again you will have the server, Marc. He is friendly, informed, helpful, outgoing and just a doll! He helped me form my perfect entree. I wish we were here late night so we could have drinks with him! Then the food! The foooooood!!!!! Please do not bother with the sides. The food and apps are where it is at. Not to mention the drinks!!!!! The king crab leg is the best seafood I have ever had. Amazing shrimp cocktail. Scallops were good. Tried my husband's steak which was amazing. Wedge salad was perfect and the pork belly was just beyond!!!!!! I finished with a spirited coffee and choc choc chip gelato. It was awesome but the whipped cream MADE it! I can't wait to come here again!came here to celebrate our anniversary and i don't think we could have spent it anywhere else! from the second we walked in until we left we were congratulated about our anniversary and greeted warmly!
customer service was truly a 20/10. our waiter was phenomenal and they even called me the next day to make sure we had a great experience
i do have to say the ambience is a little strange. it's a nice restaurant but then they were playing almost dancey bar music? not that i don't like it but it didn't really fit the vibe of the restaurant, but might just be me.
now for the food... 
we started with east coast oysters and calamari/shrimp. the oysters were great but the calamari and shrimp i've definitely had better. i did appreciate the array of sauced and jalapenos
we both got the boneless rib eye, au gratin potatoes, mushrooms and brussel sprouts. i'm not gonna lie i wasn't wow'd. definitely not the best steak meal i've ever had.
the rib eye was a little bit chewy and wasn't melt in my mouth butter steak which i'm used to. the brussel sprouts were a little underdone 
i did like the potatoes and mushrooms but so many mushrooms were in these tiny little shredded pieces. 
overall i'd give it a 4/5. customer service was amazing, no other steakhouse compares, but i've definitely had better steak in the city.Such a shame! The server added drinks to our bill over 60.00 in martinis, been trying for over a week to refund! When you spend over 300 for dinner for 2 people the bill does not need to be padded! Never returning! Management should handle concerns. As a consumer you should not need to call and follow up 6 times tried for a week. Done! If they need the extra 60.00 please keep it. There are many other places to dine to spend our money. Thx!Took my fiancé out here for his bday! I'm the type to study the menu before coming to a restaurant and we were so happy with everything we ordered! 
First, the customer service needs its own paragraph. The moment we walked in, we were greeted at the front desk and they gave my fiancé a bday card. How considerate! Then we were walked over to our table and seated facing the open kitchen which was nice. It was busier on a Tuesday than I expected but that only gave me high hopes about this restaurant and the food! There was a server assistant who cleaned up and refilled our drinks and he was so sweet. They scraped the table with a knife after cleaning the table so they get rid of all the crumbs and debris before washing the cloth I guess. I've never seen that before but very high end! Our server was also amazing and gave us chocolate cake for my fiancé on the house. He gave great recommendations. 
The food, I must say..we ordered way too much food for two people. But everything tasted great. The rolls for the table were soooo soft but crispy outer layer brushed with garlic butter and Parmesan in a mini cast iron. For appetizers, we ordered the crispy shrimp deviled eggs and calamari. The calamari..I dreamt about it. It's a different taste than others I've tried. It tasted kind of like Popeyes breading and they came with three different sauces to dip. Deviled eggs were also amazing with the shrimp on top. Creamy and big portion. 
The appetizers both could've been enough for us but we had to get the steak and seafood. We ordered the ribeye..crispy outside and perfect medium rare inside. Alaskan king crab tasted *chefs kiss*..we got 4 legs(8oz) and they were pretty meaty. Oysters were very small but tasted fresh. Oh did I say we got Brussels sprouts on top of that? Way too much food but my fiancé and I have this thing where we have to order Brussels sprouts at restaurants if they have it bc we love eating them and love to compare which are best. I would say this one was average. We prefer crispy and flaky but they make it soft baked which was fine. We enjoyed the seasoning on the brussel sprouts tho. 
My fiancé picked the very chocolate cake with cherries as our dessert on the house and there was no way we'd finish...but he ate a few bites and loved the chocolatey goodness. Server also gave two mini chocolate chips after which I devoured in 2 seconds. 
Definitely recommend visiting! We will be coming back again Steak 48!I never leave a poor review of a Resturant. I figure they are all trying and can sometimes do better. But this one is one of the worst restaurants in Philadelphia because they have no courtesy to clientele and displayed a horribly sexist attitude when we arrived.  I've lived on the mainline since I was a child, own a large Philadelphia based business and this is something that warrants the city to review. My wife, my 21 year old college daughter and myself made reservations weeks before to eat there after the Academy of Music's Nutcracker performance which we have attended for years. When we arrived they told us the small slits in the sides of my daughter's designer leather (vegan) long pants were inappropriate and we could not enter. I am a big guy so they cowardly did so. But the few people inside with hoodies and tube tops were acceptable. They were just fine at the Academy of Music and that's young girl fashion. And she is a beautiful young lady. I'd choose another of the many restaurants that understand how to treat customers properly. We left after I let them know that was just a terrible sexist policy. The personnel at the Del Frisco Resturant, across the street, were not shocked as they said this happens all the time. We had a fantastic meal there and will go each year. It's a much better choice! They know how to treat people.This steakhouse looks good but it's a total ripoff. I took some students from the local university there and they sprung on me after we ordered and got food that there was a $100 minimum. These were girls who could not eat a full steak. They enforced it despite informing me so late. Del Fresco's and McCormicks are down the street, just as good and have no minimums. Avoid this place like the plague. The food is just like every other steakhouse. Nothing special, except highway robbery.Steak 48 ! Charges almost $30 for Valet Parking and when your done you have to wait like 25 mins just to get your car back ! Staff is rudeJust beautiful from the people to the food! over the top! everything!  Im talking about they just killed the last three restaurants! dime at!This restaurant is an experience! The staff was so respectful and knowledgeable. The aesthetic is sophisticated but fun with an open view of the kitchen. The service was great. The food was amazing and totally worth every penny! I will definitely be back!!Spectacular service and steak. Eric, the server, made our anniversary meal memorable--what more can you ask for! We will 100% return here for our tenth anniversary! Really appreciate the close attention to detail and personality of the wait staff. We felt special and enjoyed the high quality food and service. The beignet tree capped off a night that we will always appreciate and cherish.!Amazing ambiance and the food was spectacular. Hottest new steak house in the City of Philadelphia and will be back for sure!! Special shout out to our server Porchia, as well as Rock and Coleman!! You guys/gals were amazing. What an overall fantastic dining experience.A great dinner spot before the concert. This place blew me away. From the atmosphere to the food. In the heart of the city but once you walked in you forgot you were in Philly. The valet was very useful and easy. We had a great waiter in the beginning, he was charming, friendly and really helpful in making drink and appetizer selection. I highly recommend this restaurant.The service is top notch. The decor is absolutely amazing, and loved the music selection playing while dining. 
Started off with a watered down margarita, bleh.
Appetizers, crispy shrimp was good, but a little soggy , although the flavor along with a generous portion made up for it. Also had the calamari and shrimp, which was decent. Really liked the choice of 3 dipping sauces, but lacked on the cherry peppers (4 slices doesn't cut it)
Sides, Brussels sprouts were pretty good, and the baked truffle potato was really tasty.
Entre, wife had the crab cakes. They were good but nothing to flip over. I had the 22oz ribeye with truffle butter.....here's where my high went away. Serving a medium cooked steak on a 500 degree plate doesn't work!! It was cooked well done about halfway through trying to eat it because it was so hot!! It shouldn't arrive at the table sounding like I just ordered a fajita! Replace the hot plate with a warm one!
Didn't have dessert because nothing really jumped out at me.I was looking forward to a wonderful dining experience all week considering we had to make reservations a month in advance. Based on that alone I had high expectations to only be disappointed once dinner was served and things just went downhill from there. The bone in rib-eye was mediocre, nothing special to it and my steak was overcooked. The 40oz wagyu steak was good, but again there was nothing that sets this dish apart from any other steak house especially for the price I was paying. It was of good quality but it was a typical steak entree, nothing that set this dish apart from others besides the price. The mashed potatoes tasted like instant mashed potatoes from a box and the Mac and cheese had no flavor at all. Salt and pepper did not help! It was a disappointing meal. I was not satisfied considering all the rave about this place. This restaurant is definitely overrated. You can eat at Ruth Chris, get the same or better quality and spend half the amount. 
Then to end my night, I overheard the manager (tall skinny fella, about 6ft 4in) talking badly about a customers to another table. That was very unprofessional especially at a management level. What type of leadership skill is that? How can a manager lead a great team to run a high end restaurant when he's talking badly about paying customers to other guests. Overall this was a horrible dining experience for an upscale establishment. The food was overrated, not worth the price tag, the server Drew was great, but management conducted poorly. I will not be returning. I will stick with other high end restaurants within the same area i.e Del Frico's, Barclay Prime, Chima's etc.Most overrated restaurant in the city. The chef should be fired. The food is average at best. Complete waste of money. Service was horrendous. I wouldn't return for a free meal. So very disappointing.Amazing food and service 
 Porsha was a tenured phenomenal server. She made the evening special. But I will say everyone that touched the table was personable and professional   Will definitely be back.  Class act!Extremely rude staff, over priced, they discriminate against the lower class with their 100$ minimum, the plates were dirty and when we complained they just ignored us.Food not worth the price. Minimum spending per person is insulting for what's being served.I had dinner at the bar . Was treated like a Queen. Every staff member was amazing. Spectacular food and service. I'll be a new regular.Just getting around to writing this review but apparently this is the Steakhouse only for the elites lol. I came here on Wednesday night around 7:30 with a reservation and was denied access because of my wearing sweat pants. I forgot that people who wear jeans have greener money over those who wear sweat pants. The fact that I wasn't told of a dress code over my email confirmation when I made the reservation OR that when I did look it up myself it mentioned nothing about sweats. Who knows if that was the actual reason or if it was because I'm a white girl with red microbraids, will we ever know?, probably not, but spend your money else where. I go out to dinner every night, 365 days a year and have never had an issue wearing my sweat pants or pajamas anywhere, including but not limited to Barclay Prime, Davios, Saloon, Flemings, The Capital Grille or Del Friscos. This place is garbage and anyone and everyone I know will hear about them and there discriminating bullshit.I find it slightly unsettling to have a reservation at 4:00 and that's when the restaurant opens. Standing outside with several other guest appeared like a soup line during the depression. However a better dressed group. This a bad look. Approximately 10 minutes before the official restaurant opening allow your patrons to enter the lobby/foyer area to check in. 
Once inside everyone was pleasant and professional. I was checked in and seated within 5 minutes. The restaurant is large however I was seated at the opening of the restroom. UGH. Luckily there wasn't much traffic, during Covid you would think more people would be washing their hands, nope!
I asked for medium well steak however  based on the temperature description given by Mindy I was informed the steak would be pink. With more information  I ordered my bone in ribeye medium plus (?).  Although the steak was juicy it was very crisp to 'blackened' and quite pink inside.
Not as described.  The Praline Sweet Potato is listed: whipped - vanilla bean - mascarpone - candied pecans - streusel crisp  it lacked any flavor whatsoever, and was extremely stringy which is a NO
NO! . This dish should be smooth as pudding bursting with flavor and texture. It got better with the king crab meat and avocado stack that was a generous portion with flavor and fresh. The freshly baked hot and slightly buttery rolls were the best item offered during this meal. 
My server Mindy was professional, prompt and efficient. Perhaps trying to recover for Covid slowness is difficult for some because the meal was a disaster for me. This is no reflection on her Mindy but  I totally wasted $100.The worst dining experience I've ever had. Let me just say my server and my waiter were awesome. But they are only a part of the restaurant experience our food service was average. But the problem came in when we left to retrieve our car from the valet. During our stay the valet lost the keys to our car. After about a fifteen minute search we discovered that the keys were left in the car under the seat. Another valet attendant then proceeded to back into my car with another customers vehicle. I leaned on the horn and attempt to get his attention to keep him from hitting , In my car the sensor on the front of my car was going crazy and the car's brakes locked up anticipating a collision . The Valle attendant got out of the car and threatened to kill me after I told him to move the car so I could leave his specific's words was he was going to shoot me. At which point I ask for someone to call the police. At that point he said that now he was going to assault me. There was a manager outside and other valet attendant had to step in to control the very irate valet attendant. I think for a $700 plus bill and the $35 to park the car plus I left a tip on my credit card. This is not the way to treat any customer under any circumstances.