I came in at around 1:30pm and was super happy to learn that lunch wouldn't be ending until 2:30, and then dinner starts op at 5pm. I asked my waitress, Shilo, what dish she was in love with that day. She suggested the Spicy Soppressata pizza. I said I'll take that and a Coke and a glass of water. 
The place is immaculate! Super comfortable and it's wonderful to have an amiable buzz in the air even as I'm eating alone. The decor on the walls and the action in the kitchen makes it so that even with a radio talk show or TV sports or in my case anyone to chat with, my attention was never lacking something to marvel at. 
Pizza showed up and was a masterpiece of flavors. The basil so fresh I ate some to start with. I'm not a vegetable guy so for a leaf to look that inviting should be noted. I can't wait to strong arm my friends and family into here. 
Bobbie, Christine and Shilo (and everyone else) :) you have created a restaurant to "arrive" at. Some places you just go and eat at, but here it feels like one has finally made it home safe again. Well done.What a fantastic experience. The service was friendly and professional. The food was delicious from appetizers to dessert. Excellent octopus ! Highly recommend this charming spot.At its price point, it's unrivaled. Stina excels in every category: service, decor, menu curation, and quality across a wide spectrum. Chef Bobbyb reality captures to the essence of Mediterranean cuisine in a fresh way, receiving influence from Naples, Sicily, Cairo, Beirut, Jerusalem, and Athens. I loved our meal. 
Octopus was divine. Tender as anything, ated beautifully. Kefta was only slightly underseasoned, but dynamite. Mergueze pide showcased the power of a hot, 850 degree oven. Charred crust, tender crumb. Bolognese pizza perfectly leoparded. The famous manti didn't fail to disappoint.
Chocolate cake with tahini for dessert? Trend-setting combination!
This 24-seater is bustling and exciting. I told the chef that his prices were out of the world and that he could get away with charging more. He said he wants to keep it accessible. It'll keep me coming.Stina is a gem in the neighborhood! I order takeout on the way home every week & have a slight obsession with their Hummus! I literally crave it all the time. I also appreciate the decor! Well done all around.incredibly fresh ingredients and impossibly delicious food. we shared around 4 dishes and everything was top notch, on top of that the people who work there are super professional and thoughtful. would give 5 and a half if i could!Growing up in South Philly and being able to witness this explosion in fabulous restaurants is such a wonderful feeling. My husband and I were able to book a same night reservation with Stina (you definitely need reservations as they only accommodate 24). I love the atmosphere of the restaurant which is filled with brick, an open-kitchen concept, and vintage art and photographs. The servers were wonderful - sweet and very helpful. We ordered the octopus which was absolutely delicious - tender with a terrific char. The hummus was delicious and not salty - which we loved! My husband ordered the falafel, which was huge and excellent - for $7.50. The highlight of the night was the wood fired pizza. We ordered the Fungi with Shiitake and Oyster mushrooms, garlic and thyme. It was absolutely delicious. The fact that this is a BYOB made the entire night super affordable as the entire bill came to $40.00. I love how they give back to the community, the vibe of this restaurant, and the story behind the chef and his wife. We will definitely become regulars.Welcome to south philly Stina!! Welcome addition to the neighborhood nice variety of small plates and pizza!! Octopus was on point. Cauliflower was delicious!! Hummus perfectly seasoned and the pita bread so light and airy it was to die for!! Pizzas didn't disappoint!! Cannt wait to go back!What a cozy spot! I came here while my family was visiting me and we had a delicious dinner. I had made a reservation ahead of time since seating is super limited. The decor is eclectic and homey.
To start, we shared a Kashkaval cheese borek (a Turkish baked, filled pastry made of thin flaky dough) with honey and toasted sesame. It was super delicious, but a bit smaller than I was expecting.
We then split two pizzas - The Standard (three cheese blend, sauce, oregano, basil) and the Eggplant (kale, brined cheese, lemon, zaatar, roasted garlic). The Eggplant pizza had an incredible flavor profile, and The Standard was great too (though after finding out the "three cheese blend" is just 3 different kinds of mozzarella, it's still unclear why The Standard and the Margherita are two separate menu items).
I would definitely return to try some of the other Boreks and the Pides!The pizza was awesome! You get a great view of the oven and can see them prepare all from your table. The staff were really friendly and the hummus was awesome and extremely flavorful. The atmosphere is nice and the outside is beautifully up-kept with flowers.Delicious food that left my belly and soul happy, faboo decor by Stina herself, and an intimate friendly vibe that made for a wonderful evening - love at first sight/taste, and can't wait for my next visit!We stopped in with friends prior to a concert at Wells Fargo. Between the four of us, we had a chance to sample many items on the menu. Now for the standouts... fattoush salad - fresh yummy chopped salad with toasted pita chips. Chicken Shawarma - excellent flavors on fresh pita. Eggplant pizza - that wood fire and garlic taste is so so good. And for the win - the Merguez Pide - a cheesy doughy masterpiece. Looking forward to our next visit!We went to Stina when It first opened for a family member's birthday. I really wanted to like this place, but the management made it very difficult. While the food was pretty good and affordable, the owner asked us to leave the restaurant when we had just paid our bill and still had a bottle of wine to finish. The owner should know that the customer should come first, and that is how you get returning customers!This is the spot. The margherita and fungi pizza are amongst the best pies in the city. And the merguez pide - the Greek owner of Stina's take on the traditional stuffed Turkish bread - can't really be described in words, but I humbly submit the following story in an attempt to do so:
My wife is Turkish, and my mother-in-law, who still lives in Turkey, came to stay with us for a few months. Towards the end of her stay, she got very homesick, and was quite disappointed in the Turkish restaurants around here. She's not one to complain, but would shrug her shoulders and mutter "it's ok" when eating what passes for kebab around here. Well, one night I brought home a merguez pide from Stina. My mother-in-law was aware the owner is of Greek heritage. Now, for those of you who don't know, the Turks and the Greeks hate each other. There's an island where they fight it out on a daily basis, hunger games style, called Cypress. So, knowing full well the Greek provenance of this pide, she took a single bite, and slowly put it down. "This...", she whispered quietly in Turkish, tears welling up in her eyes, "this tastes like home."Damn. It's great. Make reservations. It's also tiny inside. Food is delicious. Try the octopus. Best I've had on years. Seriously. Service is terrific. Very sweet and on point. Well done!Went there on 6/21 for the first time.
Party of 4 and we ordered 4 different pizzas.
Pizza Margherita was good but a little sweet from the sauce.
Pizza eggplant delicious
Pizza funghi tartufo amazing
Pizza spicy sopressata was good but too much sauce and sauce was too sweet.
The octopus was very good but a little dry. Could have used some more extra virgin olive oil. Maybe a dipping sauce with olive oil,butter lemon and garlic. 
They still get 5 stars. Could be 10 with their potential.Stina is our new go-to lunch/dinner spot. Chef Bob performs with a unique talent and skill that you simply can't find anywhere else in South Philadelphia. The pizza is fire-oven cooked to perfection. The octopus is fresh and delicious. I also recommend the salads. With its cozy, eclectic atmosphere.. make Stina your next stop. 10/10 recommend on the Sunny ScaleGreat experience at Stina! We walked in on a Friday night with no reservations and there were some bar-style seats available. It's a tiny restaurant so reservations are recommended.
Everything is family-style and it comes out whenever it's ready. The first dish that came out was the hummus with beef- delicious and fresh! It is recommended to also order the extra pita. The falafel sandwich came out next which was hearty and on a huge pita...a little difficult to split. The last thing to come out was the spicy soprasetta pizza and it was PHENOMENAL. 
Everything was delicious, but I will definitely go straight for the pizza next time. The staff is also very friendly and willing to answer any questions you may have. Will definitely be back!Loved it!!!  The food was delicious and each dish was better than the last. The service will make us come back several more times!  They were amazing and we felt cozy and taken care of at Stina!  Huge win!!The best new restaurant in Philly--BUT an amateur seating policy...
Everything the reviews and Yelpers say is spot on.  Awesome food, brilliantly and thoughtfully cooked, perfectly served, and awesome waitstaff.  Pide is incredible (we had the merguez one); lamb shank is the way it's supposed to be but seldom is-- falling off the bone; octopus-- I could have had the whole plate but had to share...; cauliflower?  How do they do it so perfectly-- served w/the charred greens as well!; manti is OK... phyllo things (boureka) were incredible.  Oh and the kofta kababs.  Perfect.  
All that said, the only off note is the amateur seating policy.  You only get the table for 90 minutes!  And they don't tell you that in advance AND they actually tell you to leave when your time is up.  Not cool.  We get that this place is in demand, but this is NOT the mediterranean way-- a guest is treasured, not hurried out.  SOOOO, friends at Stina, let's grow up and figure out how to handle reservation algorithms so you can work this better. 
Every restaurant has the same "problem" with lingering guests -- and those who bolt.  Every one of this caliber and size (Kanella, Elwood, I could go on) has figured it out.  You can too!  If you wanna be in the big(ger) league that is, which your food and service have surely earned.Came here for a light meal today after the lunch time crowd.  Small cozy Mediterranean pizza place. My favorite was the octopus which was soft perfectly grilled and exquisitely presented with droplets of a sweet squid ink and light olive oil.  Unfortunately they were out of the popular Turkish dumplings.Amazing food at a great price. Plus a great mission, they give back part of their profits to the community. Don't sleep on the pide!Great outdoor dining experience! Staff was great and took COVID precautions seriously. Food was delicious!Great food and experience here. Very nice decor. 
Had a few different pizzas and the merguez. All delicious. Great BYOB addition to the area. 
Really appreciate them giving back to the community. 
Highly recommend and will go back.Very tasty BYOB. It's small and in an unassuming part of town, but don't let that distract you. The area is up and coming and the place is great. The octopus was marvelously tender and the fungi pizza was flavorful and full of mushrooms. We ordered it vegan and it was still delicious. The service was great too. We also had the short rib special and the chickory salad. The salad was perfectly dressed and a great combination of bitter and sweet.Love this place-Philly's best kept secret! Went to Stina on NYE and we had an absolute blast. Don't be fooled by the name, their menu is incredible and more than just pizza. Also, BYOB, so plan ahead y'all. Great people, excellent food and chill spot. Can't wait to go back!This restaurant. It is THE best place I have ever ate at. From the warm staff, to the cozy atmosphere, to the amazing food. I highly recommend going to this place with friends, family or for a date night. We started with the octopus, which again, was the best octopus I have ever had: tender on the inside, crispy on the outside with the perfect side sauces that complimented the taste of the dish. Highly recommend the octopus, the patstitsio and the spicy soppressata pizza. And don't forget the chocolate buttercream cake for dessert!Do yourself a favor, stop reading all of the reviews and go eat here! The food is exceptional, the price point is unmatched and the ambiance is perfect. We ordered what seemed like every dish on the menu and everything was excellent, well thought out, mouth watering and delicious. The sound levels of the space were perfect; we were able to have great conversations without feeling like people could eavesdrop on what we were talking about. We look forward to making this spot a regular destination for good eats in Philly.We came here on a Saturday night to celebrate a birthday. Hands down one of the best restaurants in Philly. The inside of the restaurant is small and cozy, and every waiter was kind and attentive. Because they do not have a lot of tables, it is best to make a reservation as they do get busy, especially on weekends. We had a reservation for 8:45 and were seated right away. 
To start with, we ordered the Kashkaval cheese borek. This had phyllo dough with honey and sesame and was stuffed with cheese. The sweetness and nuttiness of the honey and sesame perfectly complemented the cheese.
We ordered the merguez pide and mushroom pide, and these were absolutely amazing. The merguez pide is a must try. The bread is fluffy and airy, and the merguez is perfectly spiced. Each pide is huge and can be shared by two people.
For dessert, we had the tahini chocolate cake. It was rich and decadent but not too sweet. They also have baklava, which l hope to try next time as it looked delicious.
Overall, amazing food and service. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants I've tried, and I will be returning soon!Had the lamb merguez pide , and the bread was perfectly cooked, soft and tasty, lamb was good, cheese nicely soft, but the star of the meal was by far the Turkish dumplings!  Thin delicate pasta , a nice portion of ground lamb nicely seasoned with a foam yogurt sauce. 4 good sized dumplings.  Could have easily had more.  Bravo for the dumplings.   Dessert was a delicious chocolate cake with buttercream icing and a ganache filling.  Very very good.  This guy is a comfort food god!Stina is VERY VERY good. If you're not snagging a reservation for now, you're doing something wrong. Start to finish, our experience was top notch. Did I mention they're BYOB! Our reservation was for 7:15 and we were seated right when we got there...were 5 minutes late! 
What we got:
-Grilled octopus (amazing flavor and wonderful presentation) 
-Grilled Cauliflower (wasn't very impressed, but all I could think about was the pizza to come) 
-Apple Brussel sprout salad (great flavor and killer dressing; highly recommend) 
-Pepperoni Pizza (8.9 score and a great crust) MUST dip in their homemade hot sauce; you can also buy a bottle to have refilled every time to stop by!) 
Overall, very good joint and the hype is real. Service was wonderful and the place was very clean.So what we have here is a terrific Chef who I wonder if he is self trained or took formal training that takes pride in his food and greets every customer during there meal in an establishment that seats about 24 at a time.
The dishes are exquisitely presented and almost as good as the presentation. Let me explain dish by dish if you choose to continue to read.
Octopus - I fell in love with Octopus at a very early age, I want to say about thirteen so I have experienced quite a bit of this delectable dish and the staff at Stina Pizzeria bring this out with flavors galore - Black Garlic sauce edged on the top right side of the plate, olive tapenade to the left with hot pepper on top, mustard grains drizzled throughout thirty percent of the squid. I ask you how much thought was put into this dish because if it was under one hour we may have a bonefide Genius of Flavor. The dish is the most pricey item on the menu at $18 but it is worth it.
Turkish dumplings - hand rolled, a little sweet for pasta but not overly sweet stuffed with generous portions of ground lamb along a foamy yogurt sauce. Very good and did not disappoint.
Homemade Tagliatelle Pasta - this was done in a sort of Lamb ragu mixture. Probably the star of the night behind the Octopus however it was a little minty. I think some mediterran dishes are meant to have a mint taste to them and I did not love the mint taste but could appreciate the love that went into making the pasta dish.
The Classic Pizza - Very good. I would have went with a more complex pizza off the menu but dining patron wanted the plain so plain it was. They have a wood oven stove and the pizza did not disappoint and did not weigh you down after having a slice or two.
Desserts - Baklava was on the sweeter side and not cruchy like the baklava that I am used to so just be forewarned before ordering. The chocolate cake had a masterful presentation to it and was not heavy which is suprising right! I mean its chocolate cake! We have a regular Willy Wonka working here guys~
This place is also BYOB and all of this food plus an order of Eggplant Swarma to go was under a hundo. Very good find and one of my favorite dining experiences of the year!I wish I had a bigger culinary vocabulary so I could properly describe the awesomeness of this food!!My wife and I went for the first time for a date night yesterday. Everything we ordered had something cooked in the beautiful wood fired oven that, besides Bobby and Christina, is bringing the magic to this place. We got hummus with fresh hot pita, delicious grilled cauliflower with a pesto like sauce and tahini, grilled octopus that was so tender and came with romesco and olive tapenade, and the merguez pide (like a Stromboli, sort of). Everything was fresh and excellent and affordable, and the staff are very helpful and enthusiastic. But the place is small, so get yourself a reservation for dinner. HIGHLY recommended.Stina's is such a cute place! They're food is great, and although there is a small space, it seems to make it more intimate. The interior design is an eye catcher, and the open kitchen is a wonderful design. Would definitely recommend trying this place out!Full disclosure:  I love Turkish/Mediterranean food.  I've eaten it in Philly, NYC, DC, Germany, and Turkey.  It's my go-to food.  Also, I'm a foodie (in my own mind at least).
This place is awesome.  Was there last night for a private event (so maybe not 100% representative but frankly I still am sure):  This chef knows his flavors.  He has a great oven for making all kinds of wonderful things (think fantastic pita bread with Zatar as well as Pizza) and also a truly deft hand with those rich herb-forward Greek/Turkish/Moroccan flavors.  Get the Octopus, get the Pita bread, and if he has it on the menu get the Lamb Kibeh or the Tagine or the Spanikopita.
I'm going back soon.Everything is delicious. Chef Bobby and the staff are some of the nicest people ever. We especially like the roasted cauliflower and the mushroom pide.Wow. Very special place. The food was all terrific, and service was friendly and fast. We had the chicory lettuce salad and borek appetizer, then the eggplant pizza. All were delicious, with special praise for the gooey yet crispy, sweet and savory borek. We'll be going back here soon!I've been to Stina twice now (once opening weekend and once this week) and it's become one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  The food is amazing -- the borek, the kefta kebabs, the lasagna, and the soppresata honey pizza are my favorite things so far.  I was completely blown away by the kebabs on my recent visit--the amount and quality of the flavor was way above my expectation!!  Every bite of food I've had there has been great, and I already can't wait to go back.  The service is on point as well, and the owners couldn't be more warm and welcoming!!Delicious food and a great neighborhood spot. Love the service and friendly face I've got to know! Have to try to octopus and any pizza is worth a shot.You must try this restaurant. Don't hesitate. It's rare to visit a place that gets top marks in all relevant criteria - food quality, price, service, cleanliness, etc. When I visited, I came with a group of 5 friends. My friends insisted on ordering a lot more dishes than what we could clearly handle. I was quite sure that we were overdoing it. But all the food was so unbelievably delicious that we left all the plates spotless. The pinnacle of the night was when the check arrived and we realized that we enjoyed a memorable dinner at an unbeatable price. Can't wait to returnVery good neapolitan style pizza considering that it is a greek owned restaurant. We went for lunch on a saturday and ate outside. Their outdoor setup is very cute and I would imagine also warm enough on a cold night. The service was good, the waiters were polite and the food came out quickly (however, we were the only table there the whole time we ate). They have a variety of dishes, so I love that anyone can find anything to eat from traditional greek food to pizzas. We started by sharing the falafel which were kind of disappointing, they didn't have much flavor and we were expecting more from a greek restaurant, skip those. However, the pizza was very good. The crust was a great traditional neapolitan crust and the cheese and sauce on the margherita were pretty good. We were excited to try the merguez pide, and it is pretty much what you'd expect, a good neapolitan crust covered with cheese and merguez sausage. It was nothing showstopping, but definitely something new to try out if you're a merguez fan. Overall, it isn't located in the best area of philly, but it does have a cute outdoor setup and I recommend trying it out for good priced pizza or greek dishes, maybe better for dinner than lunch.Pizza was ridiculously good, octopus was probably the best I've ever had. I can't wait to go back and try the other things on the menu. Don't hesitate to go!You can see on Yelp how highly this eatery in deep South Philly is rated.  Though it has pizzeria in its name, it is to me actually an Eastern Mediterranean restaurant which also makes pizzas.  And it's a very good place to know about and eat in.
You are warmly greeted as soon as you enter through its doors.  The eclectic décor hits you right away with the walls covered in as diverse a painting selection as I have ever seen.  At the back is an open kitchen where you can watch your meal being prepared.  I ordered a Turkish pide with North African merguez.  This was expertly cooked in their wood-burning oven and the dough came out perfectly.  A house-made hot sauce added nicely to the flavor.  There are other items on the menu I'd like to try in the future including the Manti and the fire-roasted cauliflower. And finally I should add here that my waiter from Thessaloniki in Greece was not only attentive but totally personable.
I do have to admit I paid about 3 to 4 times for my pide compared to what I would pay in Vienna for an excellent pide .... but I have to remind myself prices in Philadelphia & America are generally higher than in Vienna.  Still, Stina's is def a restaurant I would return to and it is a great addition to the South Philly dining scene.
Tip - If you are wanting to dine here in the evening, make a reservation in advance.  Tables are very popular at Stina's.We ordered from Stina tonight for the first time.  We ordered three pizzas and we loved all of them.  They definitely contained fresh ingredients.
We also ordered the shaved  broccoli, apple,  feta cheese and olives- this dish was EXCELLENT!! The three of us  devoured that within minutes.
The last thing we ordered was the hummus with extra pita bread, which was also very, very good.
We will definitely be ordering  from her again.
We would all highly recommend Stina's Pizzeria here in South Philly.I can see why this restaurant receives high marks however the service impacts most of my review. We arrived on time and seated immediately. This was after a barrage reminder text, I do understand people can be 'no shows'. Our server I believe his name is David only because the table to my left addressed him. When he spoke his delivery was low and somewhat mumbling. He offered very little information about the menu until asked. Compared to the server to my right who enthusiastically went over the menu, very descriptive and can be clearly understood. He volunteered the information and was not prompted! I had to prompt my server for information his lack of delivery didn't inspire us to order additional items. Listening to the other server did. We later added cauliflower. 
Let's go over the decor. Nice wood tables with a smart use of the space. Being able to see the stove/oven was a nice touch. As for my food we ordered the cauliflower which was tender but it along with the pesto etc., it was tasteless. The Roni cup pizza was very good flavorful without being oily it was a great presentation but it and Pide Merguez was less than warm the pizza in spots was cold. This could all be based on the efficiency of my server as I watched food sit for a while before being picked up. He was less than attentive often retreating to the corner near the bathroom doing what appeared to be nothing. The Chocolate layer cake with tahini cream the cake was good but heavy and the cream lacked taste.
Will I return? Probably for the pizza and not David as a server!Came here with my family a few weeks ago. This place is really small so if you decide to grab dinner here make sure to make reservations. For starters, we ordered a salad, roasted cauliflower and the Turkish dumplings. I personally think everything needed a bit more salt and more seasoning and I'm usually not one to have a palate for a lot of sodium. BUT I really enjoyed the pizza here! The margarita and spicy soppressata were both excellent! The crust was nice and thin with the perfect amount of chew and just perfect. Highly recommend coming here for the pizza!Stina is every bit worth the five stars it's receiving. I've been three times now. It's an excellent option if you want great food without exorbitant prices. We were shocked to have ordered three courses the other night and only ended up paying about $40 total. The eggplant pizza is my favorite menu item thus far. It's a good size, too. The Braised Green Pide, which is a good app or side with the pizza, is also excellent. Get the chocolate cake for dessert if they're offering that, too. It's moist and very flavorful. The only thing I wasn't wild about was the hummus. But honestly you can get hummus anywhere. Try the other menu items, and you won't be disappointed.Food is top notch! You Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I would highly recommend this place to anyone!Absolutely delicious every time we dine here! Our favorites are the grilled octopus and the roni cup pizza. Also, you can't leave without the chocolate layer cake for desert. Everything here hits the spot every time. It's the perfect spot for a Friday pizza date night. Highly recommend!My wife and I went for our anniversary on a Saturday night around 9 PM. Place was busy with the end of the dinner crowd so it was perfect. Nice vibe and great atmosphere. It is small but the decor is on point. Not too busy and great to peruse during a quite lull during the meal. Our service was excellent. When we arrived, Chef Bobby greeted us personally and moved our table right to the front window. Our meal consisted of the borek, the roasted cauliflower, the fattoush salad and a margherita pizza with prosciutto. The borek could have been dessert! I even asked my wife if it was ok to get it again...but Chef Bobby brought over a sweet little closer for the meal which was super nice of him. They really work hard to make their guests feel welcome and right at home. The food was all well prepared and promptly served. The timing was perfect and we never had one course crashing in on top of the others. We really can't wait to go again. I am looking forward to popping in for lunch in the next week or so. Thanks to Chef Bobby and Christina for the great experience.This place is such a hidden gem I'm afraid to share how great this place for fear we'll never be able to snatch a table there again. 
The food was superb. For such a small place they have such a wide range of offerings on their menu, and we sampled stuff from all over the menu, and all were delicious - it was hard to pick a favorite because they were all our favorites! The service was excellent too - helpful, friendly, and good advice on what to pick. Cute, tiny little place - I strongly suggest booking a reservation here.
We look forward to heading back here soon.Beyond Great! Awesome New Years Eve DInner.  The Pastilla made us feel like we were back in Morocco!. Yes, it was that good. The Marquez Pide was amazing as always! Typically, when you do takeout (due to the pandemic), the food doesn't taste as good at home compared to when you eat it in the restaurant, but that was NOT the case here. Truly wonderful wherever you eat it! One of our absolute favorite restaurants in Philly. The owners are so nice- which is a bonus.Stina Pizzeria restaurant is a small restaurant with amazing service and great food for a great value! I went on a Friday night with a party of 6 (with a reservation), and we were starving when we got there! We ordered hummus, octopus, (got complimentary fire roasted potatoes!), green kale salad, chicken kebab, borek, lamb shank (special that night), merguez pide, fungi pizza, eggplant pizza and the chocolate cake for dessert! Our favorites that night were the lamb shank, the merguez pide and the chocolate cake! The staff checked in on us very regularly and were super friendly. At the end of the night, we were hanging out outside of the restaurant and met the restaurant owner. Apparently Stina contributes to the local community by giving a percentage of their earnings! That was amazing to hear and made me definitely want to go back!!!Totally confused: Middle Eastern and pizza?? Not to worry, Stina does both superb. We started with the kale salad and grilled octopus - fabulous. Light, fresh, perfectly cooked. Of course we followed with a margherita pizza, which rivaled anything you get at Stella, Nomad, Vetri, etc. We ordered 1 of each of the 2 desserts offered - a vanilla custard in phyllo dough and a chocolate/ cinnamon cake with chocolate ice cream. Perfect size and insanely delicious. 
Hop in a Lyft and make your way here... sooner rather than later.I remember walking by this place before it opened and thinking it was gonna be good, and so far they have not disappointed. Great look; great wood-fired pizza. I'll be interested to see if there's a difference between lunch and dinner menus, since the listed hours suggest a 2 hour gap between the two. Either way, I'll be back for that burek and kefta...Stop what you're doing immediately and head to Stina. Definitely the best meal I've had in a while. We had the octopus, manti, pide and spicy soppressata pizza. My personal favs were the manti and the pizza. Super quaint vibe and service was excellent. Make sure you make a reservation as it is small and does get packed.Excellent food. The octopus was wonderful and the pides (stuffed breads) are amazing--especially the mushroom one. The restaurant is also gorgeous and the service is friendly and top notch. I will definitely go again.I love this place! Came Thursday night and loved it so much we came back Saturday night. The standard is the beat pizza I've had in a while. Get the roasted cauliflower and the Turkish dumplings the phyllo wrapped cheese appetizer...amazing! Had two different phyllo/custard desserts and both were incredible.Excellent pizza, Turkish bread boats, pasta and everything. Very affordable and delicious.Move over, Zahav, we have an incredible new rival in town! The lamb special, the octopus, the borek, and Merguez sausage pizza, and on and on...at a cute BYO no less?!? It's crazy but these folks are gonna be slammed and much more expensive in about 5 min so go now!One of the top places to eat in Philadelphia. A great menu with a lot if tasty options, topped off with some of the best pizza you'll ever have.This is an amazing new restaurant. It's a small space, so it can be tough to get a reservation, but it's worth the wait. The food is unique, delicious, and very reasonably priced. The owner and staff care deeply about the place and their customers. I recommend the pizzas, the dolmades (very uniquely prepared), and the kebabs. It's also BYOB, which is a huge plus. While some of the reviews have commented about the wait time, I think this issue is now resolved.Ordered delivery and it didn't disappoint! Everything was delicious. The winter fattoush was crispy, balanced and refreshing. The falafel is very tasty. The hummus and the house made bread really make this sandwich stand out!  I'm told the octopus was delicious as always.No. I didn't get the pizza. Yes, it looked amazing, and I will probably try the pizza very soon. But on my first visit I wanted to try some things that are less commonly available. The menu has so many Mediterranean selections that are not easy to find in Philly, such as pides and dolmades. I came here on a Friday night with my buddy for his 40th. We had 6:00 pm reservations. We arrived on time and were seated promptly. The place is small and quaint. Tons of character for such a tight spot. I think there were about 8-10 tables total! There were like 6 stools on a wall counter for walk-ins. The server took our coats and gave us a ticket. This spot is byo, which is awesome. We were able to try a bunch of things and without breaking the bank. 
The server was very attentive and passionate about the menu. For apps, we got the dolmades beef, octopus, and roasted potatoes. The dolmades came out first. The presentation was beautiful. The dish was covered with a glass top filled with smoke. The dolmades had a nice smokey flavor. It was good, but probably my least favorite part of the meal. The flavors and textures just didn't hit the mark as much as everything else we had. 
Oh, the bittersweet reality of octopus. When cooked to perfection like it is at Stina, it is probably one of the best bites of food one can eat. The perfect char and texture of the octopus is divine. But, as expected, we got one tentacle for $18. My friend and I got two bites each. A bit too pricey for me, but undeniably delicious. If I am ever in the mood to splurge, I'd come here and order five of these for myself. 
The roasted potatoes were so delicious. The creme sauce they came with was a great touch. The potatoes were a good portion, and added good substance to some of the smaller portioned items. Highly recommend the potatoes. 
For entrees, we ordered the Merguez pide and the short rib tagine, which was on their specials for the evening. The pide was amazing. The dough here is so on point. The Turkish sausage was super tasty. The flavors really came together impressively well. 
The short rib tagine was the star of the night. Well portioned, cooked to perfection, and seasoned with superior skill. The shortrib came apart with a fork. The couscous was text-book. We kept going back to the short rib. We devoured everything. 
Last but not least, the baklava was Godsend. A really really delicious dessert, and perfect end to this meal. This was a large portion, and put us over the top. My buddy and I were both on cloud nine. And the bill was not bad at all for all we ordered. They kept our beers cold, and kept the food coming at a great pace. I wish this spot was 5 times the size. I cant wait to come back.What a great addition to the neighborhood!  Food is incredible and so is the service. We had the cauliflower appetiser, the lasagna and the falafel. Can't wait to go back and try the rest of their menu!So much more than just another pizzeria, though to be sure, the pizza was excellent too. So small and hidden I walked past it on the street. Charming, artistic decor on the inside. Only seats around 24 people, which means it wasn't terribly noisy, despite being full. Menu is much more than Pizza. Mediterranean fare from a variety of countries such as Morocco, Algeria and Turkey etc. Not Greece of Italy. So many wonderful options on the menu it was hard to choose. Opted for hummus (w/ beef), Turkish Dumplings, and a Pizza. All split between two people. Portions were appropriate, left satiated but not overstuffed. Many other things I wanted to try. Given the size, make sure to make a reservation in advance, they are on Resy.I've wanted to go here for a while and I'm so excited I finally tried their takeout. The outdoor seating setup looked great and I'll definitely return. We tried the three cheese pizza and the Mediterranean dips. They were great and I can't wait to try more of the menu!I tried quite a few items from the menu (one from each section), to get a good feel for the experience. Mind you, it was wayyy too much food for two people, but that's what the fridge is for. 
The positives: Merguez Pida, Roasted Potatoes, and Chocolate Tahina Cake. 
The Pida was substantial and delicious. The lamb, cheese, and tabbouleh toppings ratio was spot on and the filling went all of the way to the edges (something I was afraid wouldn't be the case). The roasted potatoes were charred nicely, with a great aioli and roasted onions. Finally, the cake was rich, but not too sweet, a great balance of flavors and a nice sized slice 
The ok: The 3 cheese pizza and Baklava. 3 cheese, should NOT mean Triple the cheese. It was just way too much, the sauce to cheese ratio was off, even if the crust and flavor was good. The baklava was a little different than the typical versions, much softer, and fewer layers of phyllo dough, so the consistency was off, but it was fairly tasty 
The misses: Chicken Shawarma. It seems like the inclusion of a lot of toppings came at the expense of properly seasoning the chicken. I would skip.
Overall:
Merguez Pida 5/5
Roasted Potatoes 5/5
Chocolate Tahina Cake 5/5
3 cheese pizza 3/5
Baklava 3/5
Chicken Shawarma 2/5On a rainy day during a Philly lockdown, you can't go wrong with some Pizza and Pide. I have been meaning to try this restaurant for a while now because of the highly rated reviews on yelp. I can definitely say you won't be disappointed
Pros:
Food: Delicious, delizioso, delicioso, do not know other ways to say delicious. I was blown away. We ordered the hummus platter, mushroom pide, and margarita pizza. The pide is very filling, the cheese is rich. It is a heavy cheese, so it takes about 2-3 people to finish it. It's very similar to a calzone. The pizza is also good, but I think we were all mesmerized by the pide to give it the attention it deserved.
Service: they were busy on a Friday night so it took them an hour to get our food ready. Understandable. We opted to pick up, but they also deliver. 
Cons:
We really wanted the spicy sopressata pizza but they were unable to modify it for me as a vegetarian. Not their fault, I understand. Still 5 stars. 
Pro Tips:
I loved the long hot peppers and you should add it as a topping to the pizza if you enjoy spiceI wish I could move to South Philly to live next to Stina's Pizzeria. I think I would eat there every single week. We made reservations for dinner there on Saturday night and every SINGLE bite we ate was amazing. Every single thing. I think my goal will be to try every pizza on their menu... or maybe just every single thing on the menu. The octopus! The merguez pide! The manti! The Shwarma! The desserts! The Pizza!  The space is small, which felt intimate but it was not noisy or cramped. The prices are wonderful, the food is well portioned and delicious, the vibe and decor inside is so comfortable. I hope Bobby and his team can grow into an even bigger space someday!  Booking our next reservation now!I really wanted to love it but it fell short. I loved the decor, very cozy but way too cramped. You can barely have a conversation  because you feel like you are in everyone else's conversation. The waiter was not friendly or welcoming at all, he looked annoyed at any interaction he had with our table of. The hummus was basic and grilled octopus was good but very small for the price. The Turkish dumplings tasted like they belong in Chinese take out wonton soup. Margherita pizza: sauce and cheese were good but the bottom was soggy and the crust tasted burnt. And during this whole thing, I also don't like being rushed especially when I had a reservation! My party and I won't be back!I made a reservation for my husband and I for Valentines' Day, and were put on a waitlist. Somehow a table freed up and we managed to get a seat! It was a Valentines' Day miracle. We were looking to have a low key date, eat some delicious food, without the Valentines' Day premium. Stina was everything we were looking for. What's also cool is that this place is BYOB.
The restaurant was super cute and quirky. There weren't many tables inside, so we really lucked out. The staff was very welcoming and kind, immediately opening our bottle of wine, while going over the specials and the menu with us. 
We started off dinner with the fire roasted cauliflower and fire roasted potatoes. The potatoes were fine, but we loved the cauliflower. Next we had the manti, which are Turkish dumplings with ground lamb, topped with yogurt. Highly recommended. We also shared a Merguez Pide. It seemed odd to not order a pide, as this is one of the star dishes people come to eat. All of this was more than enough food for the two people. We made it through half a pide and could no longer eat anymore, but my husband still wanted to squeeze in dessert. 
We ended up ordering the baklava, which I only had a bite of, as I was seriously stuffed. It wasn't a good baklava at all to be honest, and I wish we went with the chocolate cake with tahini instead.
Overall, Stina was a fun time. Good food, great ambiance and with the best staff. At the end of the night, the staff came around with carnations of different colors, gifting each table a flower, in spirit of Valentines' Day, which was such a sweet gesture.Stina was ok. The wait staff was wonderful and really explained the menu well. The best thing I ate was the octupus and the baklava. The octopus was perfectly cooked and plated beautifully. The baklava was light, crispy and flavorful. Everything else was fine, but not all that exciting in terms of taste. I felt like the chicken shawarma was pretty bland. It needed salt badly. The chocolate tahnini cake was a nice idea, but it was too dense and the tahini part wasn't all that flavorful. The boreks were nicely presented, but again kinda bland.  The cauliflower itself was very bland and so was the pesto sauce. Tbt, I was kinda disappointed.I've tried to write this review for months but you know *waves to the air* this nonsense.
Pre-COVID, my boyfriend and I had been to this place a few times, and we did get takeout during these restaurant-challenging times! We are big fans of the Merguez Pide and the Spicy Sopressata Pizza! We are desperately missing the kefta kebabs and hope they may come back one day. I miss getting food tableside and enjoying the atmosphere with fellow dining patrons, but it's nice to know the quality hasn't changed despite doing the takeout option. Everything feels very organized and timely, and if you run home fast enough you might actually be able to eat the food as if you were in the store!
In all seriousness, it's great to see a good restaurant still surviving during this pandemic because I've seen so many darlings get shuttered already. Support these guys if you can!When I look back on the last year, one of the bright points has to be Stina Pizzeria's merguez pide. Honestly, it might be one of the best things I've eaten in this city. 
If you haven't had pide before, it's basically a pizza folded in a way that it becomes like a boat filled with delicious cheese. Add in the sweet-smokey-spiced taste of merguez sausage and the generous handful of salad greens on top, and every bite becomes a satisfying winner. 
We also ordered the octopus - which came as a full, tender tentacle draped across the plate with intensely savory romesco and tapenade. If you enjoy octopus, then you must try Stina's version - it's outstanding. Another showstopper was the saganaki - a soft cheese set aflame tableside. 
Service was friendly, knowledgeable, and prompt - and back when I was last there in October, the outdoor seating area was beautifully decorated. Definitely looking forward to coming back and trying a different pizza/pide and some of the other delicious appetizers that we saw on other tables but were too full to order last time!Really rude staff and expensive mediocre food.  I don't like giving negative reviews considering what small businesses have been through during the pandemic but this restaurant should not have been so rude to my brother last night. But seriously the prices at Estia in Center city are comparable and the food is so much better and the staff is so much nicer.You're reading this because you're unsure whether to go to Stina pizzeria or not. I say GO, ASAP! I live a few blocks away and had been putting off my visit, despite rave reviews from locals. My usual date night plans fell through, so we decided to give Stina a try. It was fantastic, every course was so good, and to top it all - the check was surprisingly well priced. Going in, I was unsure about the octopus but the plating was superb and it was very melt in your mouth - not chewy. The manti was cooked al dente and the yogurt was a good tangy counter to the savory filling. I was also unsure about pizza, since it seemed off place on the menu. Well I was wrong. The crust, sauce, and topping were perfection. The sweet honey and spicy sopressata were a perfect balance and every bite was heavenly. We shared these plates plus the tahini chocolate cake (salty, sweet, chocolate - all you need). I will definitely bring guests and highly recommend this for dinner. Also, BYOB !Came here before lockdown, and the pide was burnt on the bottom. Service was great, but was a bit underwhelmed given the reviews.Stina became one of my favorite restaurants in the city after only one dining experience. You can make a reservation on Resy- which I highly recommend as people were turned away while we dined on a Saturday evening. It's BYOB which is always nice! The dips were great - I loved the tzatziki and hummus, and the pita was fresh, warm and delicious. The watermelon salad with feta was refreshing and the perfect combo of sweet and savory. I can't say enough about the Pide - I had never had one before and now I can't wait to have another. Overall, this was an excellent dining experience and I am excited to return.Terrible service, we were told nothing upon reservation about how long the table would be held for and within 1 hrs and 10 min the waitress came up to tell us the table is needed NOW. She came back twice in the next 5 mins, rushing us. Great food but would never come back and will tell my Philly friends not to.