Stumbled on this gem looking for a quick meal before work. Boy am I glad I tried this sandwich shop. This place is absolutely mind blowing. From customer service to the food. I've eaten at thousands of places and not once have I ever written a review. However, I felt compelled to do so after eating here. I tried the onion rings and the smoked chicken sandwich. Reasonably priced and fulfilling by far. The onion rings are the best I've ever tried in my life. Light batter yet crispy enough with a hint of salt. The sandwich was awesome as well. At this point, forget work. I'm ready to go to sleep. Mike (Co-Owner) you are the bomb.com bro! Customer service at its finestGreat little neighborhood sandwich shop. I highly recommend the beef chili it was exceptional. In addition, I got the daily special turkey & pastrami sandwichWhole Pig Banh Mi was amazing! We were only in Philly for the day and tried this place because of the reviews. It definitely lived up to the hype.First time trying this place. Simple menu, looked like a lot of tasty options. I got the smoked chicken sandwich with fried potatoes on the side. The sandwich was tasty and very filling. The potatoes were a little greasy but overall good. Little expensive for a sandwich place, but I would go again.Braised beef = Philly Cheesesteak lol I thought this was going to be like slices of beef tenderloin but it was just a Philly cheesesteak. Really soft meat and the cheese was really good.
Fried chicken = really Smokey. If you like that modern twist on a fried chicken sandwich enough for you to say "this is different" maybe I'd remove the smoked pickled peppers. 
Fried potatoes= they said it would be like french fries. It was just like has browns at a diner... salty. But good. A little dry. 
Interesting place. Would go back.THEY JUST KEEP GETTING BETTER.
We got married in Philly and exactly one year later, wound up MOVING HERE.
Stockyard was first on our stop. 
Nothing has changed. Holy moly. Everything is still good.
Tried new menu items and OH MY GREAT GUACAMOLE.... FANTASTIC.
Support this place. Please. 
I will be heartbroken if it ever ever closes.I live right by Stockyard and have been here a lot. I have tried the fried chicken sandwich, the stock burger, the hoagie of the day a few times, a few different versions of the build-your-own breakfast, the onion rings, the potatoes and the fried cauliflower. 
The food overall is really tasty. I would give 5 stars for flavor except for one thing: the greasy-ness is inconsistent. I ate here yesterday and my potatoes were perfectly crispy and not oily. This morning I got potatoes again and they were dripping in grease - like the whole container became saturated and I used napkins to sop up the grease they were swimming in. It's not just the potatoes, I have had two breakfast sandwiches that were soaked in grease and two that were perfect. When it is drenched in grease it is no joke, my hands get coated in it, which is not appealing! It makes everything soggy too. The chance that my food could be too greasy can make me choose to eat somewhere else - so I wish they would fix this issue. 
The people working here are cool, I always see the same crew. The specials are amazing! I like how you can come and get something totally new each time.went there for lunch today with my GF daughter.  loved the faroa and quinoa salad and the roasted corn side.  would love to go back and try out the rest of the menu.Very good sandwiches; fresh, quality ingredients.  The potatoes are delicious and i don't like potatoes.  It's great to see a small business produce quality products and get so much recognition.
I'm a big fan of Stockyard.  A few gripes detract the one star (but won't keep me from coming back).  First, plates/cutlery/etc. are all disposable.  I get that it's a small place, but come on.  The planet's burning up.  Second, while the vegetarian options i've had have all been delicious, i'd love more (healthy) variety.  One choice of a seasonal sandwich, plus falafel, isn't enough!  Finally, the portions are huge.  One sandwich = two filling meals.  That's fine, but the sandwiches are fairly messy/saucy and don't keep fantastically.  I'd gladly pay a small premium for a half-sandwich so i don't feel compelled to eat way too much all at once.  I don't want to fatten up at the Stockyard!SO I had lunch today with some co workers at this glorious hall of sandwich goodness -- I know these boys from my days as Chef de Cuisine of the Moshulu -- It is good to see fellow chefs branch out and create there own mark -- We as a group had the Braised Beef Sandwich x2, Pastrami Sandwich, Bratwurst Sandwich and the Pan Roasted Chicken Sandwich -- sides were the onion rings, fried potatoes and cauliflower -- It was awesome to have the La Colombe Espresso in the can - needed that after a long morning shift -- worthy in every element -- one issue I would say is the parking but as I discussed with my fellow brethren is that for grub this tasty I will spend the 15-20 minutes to find parking any day!! Congrats and Cheers boys!The food here is fantastic. The vibe is pretty unassuming with a hint of hipster farmer. The food is anything but unassuming. Bold and complex flavours on both sandwiches we tried, and the brussel sprouts were perfectly cooked.I am in this area a lot, and there hasn't been anywhere good to eat in a long time. 
After hearing about Stockyard, I went for lunch with my meat-eater friend. It was a compromise, and I figured I would just eat some fries or something. I am a vegetarian and -  surprise -  there were a LOT of good choices for me! I ordered the brussels sprouts sandwich and fried cauliflower. They were both a good choice. He said his hamburger was the best he ever had. Ever. That's saying something, knowing this guy for a while. Extremely good service and really delicious food!!! 
So glad there's finally a great choice in this neighborhood. We will go back again and again.This was a place I wish we could have visited more. Of course we were on vacation in Philadelphia and there was so much to see.
Only having Banh Mi at a local Vietnamese place back home, I wanted to check this out. The bread was fresh, and the pork was well seasoned and savory. Everything was good, this was a damn good Banh Mi. My wife ordered a burger. She gave me a bite, and holy cow was that delicious beef! The food here was excellent, this is a gem in Philadelphia. 
The shop was clean, the service was good. I'm thinking about that burger more then the sandwich now. Damn this place is good!I almost went to Dunkin' for a breakfast sandwich instead but THANK GOD I came to my senses. These sandwiches are magical. I needed a good hangover cure and Stockyard had Powerade and a very greasy sandwich to help me out. Unraveling it was like looking into your child's eyes for the first time. Check it out.As some have mentioned, this place is somewhat hidden. I was fortunate to work right up the street and found them when I was determined to have a quality sandwich. I'm a fan of their Banh Mi, Brussel sprouts, and specials! The specials keep things interesting, but I could really eat their Banh Mi daily! To balance this (and explain my 4/5 stars), I've noticed that their sandwiches on potato buns (e.g., salmon patty, soft shell crab, chicken sandwich) are not as good as the others. I find them a bit soggy because the bun is too soft. They have also been a bit flavorless compared to the flavor explosions that I get with their Banh Mi and Bulgogi (a special). Overall, I definitely recommend this place for their wide range of sandwiches (you'll find something you like) and bold Asian flavors.The food here is always good, fresh ingredients and great variety. But today the service went that extra mile. I went in for some soup and mentioned I was getting over the stomach flu as I asked if the side grilled cheese was greasy or dry. When they handed me my to go order, they also gave me a bottle of ginger ale and told me to feel better. Made my day and guaranteed I'll be back. (And the grilled cheese was just what I needed, perfect on the road to recovery sandwich.) Thanks guys!Always great sandwiches and the sides are awesome! Love the fried potatoes. You should definitely try this place if you are in the area. You will not be disappointed!Best breakfast sandwich in Philly easily. The vegetarian scrapple definitely stands out. This is a must try breakfast place for vegetarians or better yet anyone!!Got the bahn mi and fried chicken sandwiches with onion rings.  The onion rings were fried perfectly. It was crunchy and the seasoning was on point. Baguette was crunchy on the outside but soft in the inside. I liked the fried chicken more than the bahn mi sandwich. The flavor was better balanced than the bahn mi sandwich. Fusion food is great when the individual cuisine is highlighted correctly. I think in general bahn mis are remembered for the pickled vegetables. However, in this sandwich I don't think carrots and radishes were pickled enough. I think if they shredded the vegetables instead of cutting them into slices, that would further enhance the sandwich.Great addition to the neighborhood.  Really good sandwiches and daily specials that change often.  Can't wait to go back.Simple menu great food. Really enjoyed the fried chicken sandwich and the falafel is on point! 
I didn't find the Bahmi to be totally authentic outstanding but still very tasty.The food was excellent! 5 stars. I ordered the pig belly banh mi and it was perfectly cooked and the fried potatoes were delicious.
I docked a star for their customer service. It left a lot to be desired. When entering the store it took a little too long to take my order which I would have understood had it been super busy, except there were only two other customers and they had both ordered already. It also took a little too long for my order to come out, especially when I ordered before four other customers and they all received their food before me. I am not sure why it happened but it wasn't appreciated. I'll definitely give it a shot if I am in the area again but I won't be going out of my way to come here.This is one of the best sandwich shops in Philadelphia and here's why.
I just had the brussels sprout mushroom sandwich with sliced apple fennel mushroom duxelles (which is an amazing combination of mushrooms cooked down with onion and that adds amazing flavor), it also has a sort of tofu spread on a crusty baguette.
I'm not a vegetarian but this is probably one of the best sandwiches I've had in Philadelphia.
It combines the sweet, salty, meaty, flavors in every bite. It's the ultimate umami combination!
There is the option for adding crumbled blue cheese and it brings the whole sandwich together so definitely get that!
You can tell there are some highly trained and skilled chefs behind this small unassuming shop in the community college neighborhood of Spring garden/Fairmount.
I live on the other side of town and made a special trip over here. It's definitely a destination place for a great culinary experience and for under $10This underrated spot is probably my favorite place in the 'hood. I've been going at least once a week since they opened, and the employees always notice and say hello. I haven't strayed far from a breakfast sandwich on an everything muffin because it's just SO GOOD. They cook the eggs (perfectly) any way you want, have local meats, homemade hot sauce, and the option for a vegan scrapple patty if you prefer. 
The girl that works the cash register is always bumping some rap songs and dancing around, which makes the mood light and fun. I wake up craving this spot basically every weekend now and have been trying to convince anyone and everyone to go with me. Keep it up, Stockyard!This place has amazing food. The first time I came I had a breakfast sandwich and t was great. The second time was for lunch and the braised beef sandwich and burger were even better. Their sides are also excellent. I'm so glad I found this place.I had the beef stew with a grilled cheese. I didn't expect as much food as I got. The grilled cheese was awesome. My boyfriend kept stealing bites of it. The beef stew was flavorful without being salty. We ordered onion rings after seeing pictures of them on here. They didn't disappoint. The batter alone was amazing and the rings were HUGE. At one point, I looked over and my boyfriend was licking the cheese off the paper his braised beef sandwich had been on. We ended up taking the cupcakes we got to go. Like everything else, they wowed us. 
We anticipated the food would be good. We didn't expect to love it as much as we did. We were talking about it for the rest of the night. We're already discussing what we're going to order next time.Best breakfast sandwich I've had in the city! Build your own - bacon was perfectly crispy and smokey, jack cheese was on point. The star of the show, The Everything Philly Muffin, is unlike anything I've had. Its like a cross between muffin and roll.. perfect! I'll definitely be coming back to try their lunch options.Oh. My. God. This is now my go to hangover meal spot. I got a build your own breakfast sandwich with the everything muffin, scrambled eggs, scrapple, and house made whiz -- it was divine. This place is pretty inexpensive and service was quick! I'll definitely be returning many, many more times.This place has excellent sandwiches, and some good vegan options for the veggie lover in your life.  I have had the pastrami special and the braised beef with homemade wiz.  Both were excellent and reasonably priced.  Sides are good too -- fried cauliflower, potatoes.  My wife had the salad, falafel, and also the brussell sprout sammy, all very good.Came here twice today. Went by in the morning and got a everything muffin breakfast sandwich with egg whites and bacon. Great bread and good coffee from la colombe (although would be better if fresh brewed or made using drip on spot). Bacon was crisp and portion was good. Could be considered a little heavy for those that are on the health train.
Took half of the work team back for lunch and were impressed with the salads, the burger, and the sandwiches. Not crazy options but the sandwichs were heavy, but the meats well cooked. The salads were limited in options but was more akin to sweetgreen than saladworks
Its not a place that blows you away with amazing food like some established sit downs in philly but it has good  farm to table ingredients recipes and offers both the more typical philly diet with a spin and some lighter and more interesting options with their salads. Highly recommend those that work nearby to give it a shot. Its also very reasonably priced.Nice casual neighborhood take out spot. The falafel banh mi was huge and pretty goodYesterday was my first time at Stockyard. I ordered the Pastrami and The Cubano. Both spectacular choices. My friends and I also split some sides: Fried zucchini, potatoes, falafels, onion rings. You get a lot for just a side! Not only were the sandwiches tasty and flavorful but it was certainly hefty! You get your money's worth! Thanks Will. I will definitely return again.I found this restaurant through Yelp and thought the ratings were unusually high but gave it a try anyway. This was a SUPER FIND! I had the braised beef(gluten-free) so they add a side salad for free. The braised beef was extremely tender with a tasty house cheese. 
There are only a few seats for dining in. Oh, the service was super. I will return on my next visit to Philly.Best breakfast sandwich ever. Amazing philly English muffin + sausage + egg. 
It's not busy during the weekdaysI just wanted to give a shout out to Stockyard Sandwich; I engaged them to provide some catering for a meeting at my firm and they were a great hit! Hot Sandwich tray (with Fried Chicken, Whole Pig Banh Mi, Falafel Banh Mi, and Braised Beef), Fried Potatoes, and Chocolate Chip Cookie tray... lots of compliments and requests for future events. Delivery was on time and no problems at all.
Do yourselves a favor and add Stockyard to your list of go-to catering vendors.Delicious.  Had the burger and chicken sandwich.  Both were awesome!
But more than anything I'd recommend their brussel sprouts!  Some of the best I'd ever had!The best breakfast sandwich I have ever had in Philly.  Such a hidden gem.  I live in Fairmount and didn't know this existed until one of my fellow Yelpers told me about it.  Its a small hole in the wall place that is delicious af.
It is a little pricey for a brekky sandy, but I had one last Sunday and didn't eat again til dinnertime.  Everything is customization and made to order.  My rec, however, is getting the bacon, scrambled egg, jack cheese on a Philly muffin! It was sooo good - don't forget a side of potatoes with special sauce.  The servings are v generous, so split the tatters with a friend ;) 
They also have the canned La Columbe draft lattees...what more to you need?  Parking is a b in this area, but they have a lot behind them that is only for monthly parking, but I think you should be fine to park for 15 mins while you run in to get your order.
I'll be back and I'll be bringing friends!The food is always really good. Everything Philly muffin is the way to go with whichever sandwich you get. The guy who's always at the counter is very pleasant and seems to genuinely enjoy what he does. Great place to go.The staff are nice, food comes out quickly. And it's all really good. Their soups are awesome as well. Wonderful quality meat and it's just a huge upgrade from all the pizza places on the block. All their sandwiches are a creative and high quality twist on regular sandwiches. Liked the atmosphere and environment at all.Great lil sandwich place.  Went with my wife and we ordered their beef sandwich and a burger.  The beef was awesome!  Burgers are a dime a dozen, but still good.  This place knows its niche and executes well.  Recommended!Wow! Brussels Sprouts were awesome and the sandwiches were top notch ingredients- not your typical sub shopPaesano's, Plenty, and High Street move over.  There's a new  high-concept sandwich shop in town.  Just finished a Dan Dan rib special that was knocked-out - cleverly conceived with a substantial serving of meat, and a cucumber salad and peanut dressing counterpoint that made the dish just sing.  The heat level was calibrated perfectly to add the to overall composition without overwhelming it.  
But as good as my sandwich was, I was at least equally impressed by the kitchen.  The layout is smart, roomy and efficient.  And judging from the impressive skills on display, the folks working in it were clearly non your average "sandwich man".  One caveat, fresh food expertly prepared takes time.  This is not fast-food.
My only concern about Stockyard Sandwich?  They need some seriously more visible signage.  Tried to find this place last weekend only to drive by without seeing it.  Today on my bike I was able to be more deliberate and my perseverance paid off big time. While low key and classy has it's merits, you still have to build a brand and street presence.Will be my new sandwich spot! Ordered a Chop salad, my friend ordered the Brussel Sprout and Mushroom sandwich with a side of cauliflower. Sandwich was so perfectly cooked and seasoned, very filling, and cauliflower didn't last a second, ate it so fast. My salad is also delicious, but will be getting sandwiches moving forward. Perfection, excellent customer service!Hands down the best, most fresh local version of a cheesesteak sandwich, with roasted beef shreds and home made white cheese, sautéed mushrooms and onions, and it's huge! Two people can share one. 
We also got a side of fried potato chunks, which were salted and tossed with parsley. They were delicious and a great twist on fries. 
The owner/manager and cook both came out to speak to us, refilled our drinks, asked us about ourselves and how we liked the food.
It felt like a really welcoming local place should
Feel, only the food was So Crazy Good I wanted them to become a chain!
You must must must go here!Stumbled upon Stockyard after seeing an Instagram post from Eater. After looking at Yelp, I was shocked to see that such a highly rated lunch spot existed only ONE block from my office and I had never heard of it. When I walked over, I realized why I never noticed it before. It's right next to an out of business Chinese spot and has nearly no sign. 
The food was delicious, the sides are HUGE and everything tastes homemade. Its clear that the chef puts a lot of thought into designing unique and delicious food. Between my coworkers and I, we had the burger, the spicy fried chicken sandwich, the onion rings, the fried potatoes and the brussell sprouts. Everything was perfectly greasy and HUGE. Well worth the $4 for each side.
Looking forward to trying breakfast!We've been eyeing up this new sandwich spot for a while, but were finally able to make it in this past weekend - boy do we regret waiting so long!! First off, the staff was just super friendly and welcoming - which always makes everything better. I had the braised beef sandwich and it was legit - perfectly cooked meat that was juicy and flavorful. My girlfriend got a salad (which she liked!) but she totally regretted not getting a sandwich after tasting mine. We shared the onion rings and the friend potatoes, both of which were awesome. The house made ranch dressing was unreal. We couldn't be happier to have this spot in our neighborhood and would highly recommend it to anyone who likes delicious food and super nice people!Always love a good sandwich joint. This place puts some elegance to the typical sandwich shop. Loved the cauliflower w/ lemon aioli as a side. I just wished they had more options. I will say it seems too pricey for a practical everyday meal like sandwiches traditionally are..worth the visit though. P.S. It is BYOB as well!Best breakfast sandwich by far in Philly. Being from Jersey, we know our breakfast sandwiches!I wasn't sure about this place as I walked by, but I gave it a shot. When I walked in, it looked like a hippy/hipster spot to me so wasn't sure about the food.  I decided on the chicken sandwich with a side of Brussels sprouts..all I can say is FABULOUS.  The Brussels sprouts were crispy and came w a sauce.  The chicken sandwich was juicy and delicious.  I will definitely be back!This place is great! I live right around the corner and saw the stellar reviews and decided to stop by after a work out.
I got the vegetarian broccoli sandwich which had apples and a variety of other things in it which tasted surprisingly awesome together! I also tried my friend's butternut squash soup which was tasty but slightly lacking in salt and not warm at all but once we reheated it and added a pinch, it was awesome.
The space inside is fairly small so I would recommend it "to go" or go during non-peak hours if you want to find a seat. Also the service was a little slower than average but still yummy and worth checking out if you live in the area like me.Best burger by far in many months. You just can't get good like this where we live. Earns ever bit of 5 stars. Something for everyone.I have never written a review about a restaurant before, but Stockyard was so good it deserved one. I went almost a week ago for the first time and am still thinking about it. This place is a foodies paradise. I have never had so much flavor in one sandwhich (Smoked Chicken!) Really fantastic. I made the suggestion the other week for my coworkers to try it and they have since not stopped talking about how good it is. The bahni mi was also delicious as was the potatoes and stock sauce and judging by how good lunch has been I can't wait to try the the breakfast sandwiches!This place is a hidden gem in the middle of the block. They came highly recommended and didn't disappoint. I had a braised beef sandwich that was off the hook AMAZING! My fiancee had the quinoa salad which I tasted and it was really good too.
The best part of moving to Fairmount is the food down here is good.So good. SOOOOOO GOOD. 
OMG
The fact that there is a sandwich shop that is gormet, inexpensive AND caters to vegetarians makes me so happy. 
We were staying down the street at an Air BnB and went to this place 2 times in 24 hrs during our honeymoon. 
The owners are super sweet and accommodating. 
No frills. Just really good food.I am so glad that I looked on Yelp before my trip to Philadelphia. I wanted some good food before the Eagles game. I've tried all of the famous Philly cheesesteak spots...as a foodie and a cook, I've been disappointed. But after viewing stockyard's menu, pictures and reviews...I started getting excited. 
I was expecting to have to wait in a super long line seeing as it seems to be rapidly growing in popularity. However, I didn't have to wait at all, I think everybody had already made it over to the game. If I lived in Philly, going to stockyard would be a religious experience for each Eagles game. 
The braised beef sandwich is the top notch echelon of cheesteaks. You will get cravings for this. I had it only yesterday and I am going through withdrawals. I'm tellin you, I would wanna work here just so I can eat the food, forget the money. My Dad got the brussel sprout and mushroom sandwich. I was equally if not more impressed when I tried it. Not a simple task to develop a delicious vegan sandwich, and it wasn't dry either. These guys know food, and there's no ego to go along with it. A humble sandwich shop that is prepared to quietly kick you in the face with flavor. Five stars.Awesome food and service. We got the onion rings, stockyard burger and the banh mi. Onion rings were perfect. Onion wasn't mush, it held its form with a bit of crunch. And the beer batter was very tasty. Both sandwiches were amazing. We had been driving cross country for the past week and this is some of the best food we came across.Allow me to briefly, yet enthusiastically, sing the praises of Stockyard!
After hearing numerous positive reviews, my company hired Stockyard to cater our holiday party. From start to finish, Will (one of the co-owners) worked ever-so-efficiently to meet our various budget and dietary needs. I know Stockyard is known for their meat-centric menu, so I was nervous they wouldn't be able to accommodate a predominantly vegetarian-friendly menu, however they provided a variety that even our omnivorous employees thoroughly enjoyed. Delivery was prompt, accurate, and tasty! One note: as far as catering goes, these portions are HUGE. What was initially quoted as enough for 12-15 people (5 trays of sandwiches, 1 salad tray, and 2 trays of potatoes) easily fed 30-40. Granted, this was not a formal sit down party, but our employees still packed away quite a bit and we had tons of leftovers.
Thank you for the fantastic food! We look forward to working with you again!Went to stockyard for breakfast today and it lived up to the rave reviews. I choose the build your own breakfast sandwich option, with the everything Philly muffin, bacon, and over hard egg. I also had a side of breakfast potatoes and stock sauce (spicy Russian dressing). Overall the food was absolutely delicious. The everything Philly muffin was unique and unlike anything I've had before, and it paired really well with the egg and bacon. The breakfast potatoes were perfectly cooked, extra crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Service was quick and friendly. I look forward to trying this place again for lunch!Very casual place to eat but so delicious. I got the salmon burger it was very tasty with the special daily side which was some sort of fried potatoes with truffle oil. Really great service too super friendly and they give you cups of iced water if you don't want to buy a drink from the fridge.Had the braised beef sandwich. Still thinking about it a month later. This place is definitely worth the hassle of finding a nearby parking spot.Really delicious breakfast sandwich.
Nice assortment of choices for breakfast sandwiches, from: (a) type of bread; (b) style of eggs; (c) large assortment of proteins, including the obvious ones like sausage and bacon, but also scrapple (which was really good!) and pastrami; and (d) types of cheeses.  Very reasonably priced (I think my sandwich was less than $7) and assembled perfectly.
Lunch menu looked good, too (although didn't get a chance to eat lunch there).
If I lives close by, I'd probably get breakfast sandwiches several times a week and work my way through all the variations . . . .The bahn mi with different kinds of pork in it was killer. Falafels were addicting with its sauce. Battered onion rings delish, scrapple pretty good. Great place to just go in grab a killer sandwich. Chef Owner Will is super friendly and handsome too! Would definitely come in again and try the whole menu!I love this place! Their food is so good! Their sandwiches, fried brussels sprouts, fried potatoes, even their vegan scrapple is yummy! We arrived 10 minutes before closing, but they were nice enough to let us try a sample of their scrapple and gave us free coffee. We had a nice chat and enjoyed the delicious spread of food. Highly recommend this place! Good for lunch!Stopped in not knowing what to expect - what we discovered was clean, fresh food. You can tell the chefs respect their food ingredients, their craft and their customers. Wonderful experience!Best sandwich I have had in years. Was a bit doubtful seeing the high rating, but it's a very accurate rating. I had the whole pig banh mi. Delicious!Easily one of the best sandwich spots in Philadelphia. Definitely love their egg sandwiches, and would also say our top 3  favorites are:
1. Stockyard burger (best burger in Philly, yes rly)
2. Salmon burger
3. Fried chicken sandwich (a special)
The sides are also amazing, as well as their homemade whiz and gravy. 
Last but not least, the kitchen staff are so friendly and really give it everything they've got. We have been here many times, and have always received exceptional service and high quality food.The falafel banh mi merges two of my favorite foods, is vegan, and the prices aren't bad.Hands down the best burger I have ever had. First let's talk about the size, it was not the typical huge burger thays so big or piled with tons of stuff that you can't finish it, but rather their burger is just the right size to kill you hunger leaving room for their unique fries comete with a signature dipping sauce. Now price wise during the after noon it's super inexpensive for a burger, potatoes fries and a soda that should cost easily 15 buck or more will only set you back about 7 bucks total. The place is conservatively decorated just perfectly and the service is on point. My new fave burger jointStopping by to post a review after year+ hiatus. Why? Service was impeccable and food was nothing to sneeze at. Shoutout to the gentleman with the tats. He went above and beyond. 
-Stock burger: very succulent and tasty burger and only $8. Definitely a high way robbery 
-Whole pig banh mi: don't expect a viet banh mi but it was decent at $10. Solid quantity of pig and good mix of spicy and sweet with the xo mayo
-Falafel: couldn't pass up the $4 and 5 falafels but it was average 
-Service: star of the show thanks to the gentleman mentioned above
Overall, would come back and would recommend to others.Love this place... Great food. Everything except their Po-Boys and onion rings is great. Their smoked chicken sandwich, breakfast sandwich, and the veggie Brussels sprouts sandwich are all awesome. I come out of this place with a big smile, almost always.Exceptionally good food, even better service. I shared the braised beef sandwich. Wish I didn't, too good to share. Best thing I've eaten all year.Holy shit this place is so good. Wish it was closer to me! I would go all the time. The bread is so fresh. The meat is out of this world. Wow.Excellent breakfast sandwiches, I can't wait to try their other items!! Hidden gem in Spring Garden!Had the whole pig banh mi and the brisket. Both were delicious. Friendly folks. Small seating area inside. Since it's so close to Masterman HS avoid going in right when school lets out due to crowds. About 20 hungry teenagers descended on the place directly after (thankfully) I ordered. Definitely will be coming back here!Hands down the best sandwich I've had in Philadelphia. We had their Braised Beef and their Fried Chicken sandwiches. So delicious and you cannot beat the service! The owner was incredibly generous and kind and overall a fun guy to talk to. I highly recommend checking them out. And they have an after school special for $5 every Monday-Friday from 230-330! ($5 for a burger OR chicken fingers AND fries). Looking forward to trying to head over for their beer and friends event on Wednesday the Oct. 4!Banh mi sandwich and burger were really good. Onion rings were not greasy and crispy. I would definitely eat here again. Good portion size as well so if you are eating with someone you can share.Just finished my breakfast sandwich from Stockyard Sandwich which contained sausage, fried egg, cheese whiz and hot sauce on a potato bun. I normally wouldn't get cheese whiz on a breakfast sandwich, but it's Friday and I'm an American. All I can say is wow! It was amazingly good and the staff are extremely friendly/helpful. This place is going to be dangerous for me since I live so close, but I highly recommend for everyone to check it out.Awesome good spicy chicken sandwich and the potatoes (their version of fries) are super good.  Fast service, good pricing, nice location. All good to goAmazing sandwiches, friendly staff, and quick service. We grabbed some breakfast sandwiches here with friends one Saturday morning. I opted for an egg and cheese sandwich on a bun and added grilled onions. The ingredients are so simple, but everything put together made a delicious combination. For me, the bread was what made this sandwich- it was extremely fresh and neatly put together, although, after the first bite it will get messier. Worth. every. bite. We've also had lunch sandwiches ordered from Stockyard for small gatherings and I enjoy these just as much. I am looking forward to returning the next time I'm in the area.I had the Stockyard burger and potatoes and it was the most delicious meal I've ever had.