Since trying my first macaron at my friend's wedding last May I've been kinda addicted to these girly treats. I've made up for lost time by trying as many of these macaron shops as possible.  From waiting an hour in the rain for Ladurée to walking a couple of miles to try Biscous Ciao I'm man enough to admit that I have done that. 
But each trip left me unsatisfied not because of the quality of the macaron but because of the crater it left in my wallet. seriously? 3 bucks for each "cookie" that's slightly bigger than a quarter? Please.
Enter Sugar Philly Truck. Where it lacks in variety it more than makes up for in quantity and value and does it without all of the pretentiousness that comes with the other stores. LV and all of those other high end designers should take a page from these glorified bakeries.  3 giant(in comparison) macarons for 5 bucks while offering other tasty treats? oh yeahhh. 
The quality when compared to those flagship shops may be a slightly off but it's really negligible, it would be nice if the truck would start adding more fruit flavored macarons to their selectionHonestly... I never had a macaroon before I tried Sugar Philly truck so I have no means for comparison but- HOLY MOTHER OF BOB!!!
The macaroons I had were so delicious I had a dream I was eating them later that night. I woke up and my lovely boyfriend had left me a bite of the tiramisu one so I tore it up. The combination of textures- crunchy, chewy, and smooth really touched my gut strings.
The other cool thing is that the guy running the truck gave us 3 free macaroons because we were his last customers! Thanks Dude.I originally had a relatively bad experience with having really subpar creme brulee, so I had stayed away from Sugar Philly for awhile. What a loss. The macarons are amazing, as others have said; my friend and I literally were speechless as we ate up the milk and honey.I had extremely high hopes for Sugar Philly after I saw the incredible menu online and kept hearing nothing but rave reviews. I had my eye on the spicy 4-layer chocolate cake that was on the website and was so disappointed to learn that they switched up the menu! I had the chocolate molten lava cake instead and it was just ok. It was a little more dry than I had hoped for. I'll definitely be back to try the crème brûlée next time!Mouthgasm! Got the creme brûlée ice cream macaron. They torch the sugar to caramelize (the caramelized portion was still warm when I bit in). 
Don't hesitate, please go get this. You deserve it. Let all your troubles melt away!Love this truck and the delicious desserts they are putting out. The macaroons are really worth the trip. The flavors are really creative and spot on. I've had macs in Paris at laduree and it may just be the American in me but I like these better for the taste, size and value. The cookies have the texture and flavor that makes macs delicious and unique and the fillings are decadent and tasty as they should be. The milk and honey was one of my favorites as many others have also said.I've tried Sugar Philly's macarons several times (very delightful), but this time I decided to go for the Creme Brulee. It is perfect. There are no other words to describe it. Definitely coming back for more!!3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up
Desserts are a bit pricey for a food truck, $5 each. I could buy a meal with that amount of money from a food truck, but I often find myself eating desserts as meals anyway...
Had the Crème Brulée and Pumpkin Custard. They were pre-made but still fresh. We could see Dan pulling out the blow torch to add the finishing touches by carmelizing the sugar on top of the Brulée. The toasted marshmallow on our pumpkin custard was thick and sticky-just the way I like it. Really great textures on both desserts and my bf and I devoured them within minutes.
Sugar Philly was also at the Vendy Awards this summer and we had the opportunity to attend. They were nominated as one of Philly's best dessert trucks and served macarons at the event.  I tried the salty caramel and milk & honey. They were just good, not memorable-certainly not the best dessert I've had from a food truck.
What makes Sugar Philly stand out is their vibrant truck and service. You can spot it right away among the myriad of food trucks on 38th & walnut, and the people who own the truck are so friendly. If I ever want good, reliable desserts, I will definitely come back to Sugar Philly.I had my first French macaroon from this wonderful food truck today. The dessert rose and sunset strip were absolutely delicious! I know for a fact ill be returning to them for many more tasty treats!  The price wasn't bad at all and they are worth every penny I spent. I loved it!I decided to update this review for 2 reasons:
1) I recently decided to give this place another try and I stopped in and had the creme brûlée macaroon sandwich. It was really just awesome- very rich but perfect for a hot summer afternoon. If you want a macaroon sandwich it's a great choice. The ice cream in the middle was also very, very good. 
2)The owner reached out to me, offered me a refund and explained that they were responding to customer feedback about the donut I had and that they agreed that they were still perfecting it. He also informed me in a very polite way that the price I listed for the donuts in my yelp review was incorrect- after checking my credit card statement I realized I misunderstood the breakdown and that the donut was significantly cheaper than I had thought. Because the price of the donut contributed significantly in my rating for my last review, i needed to update it.Visited Sugar Philly at Night Market on South St. This was not my first time at Sugar Philly, but I was excited to see what new flavors they concocted for Night Market. I had the milk & honey and one of their new flavors, Spiked S'mores. The S'mores macaron had a bourbon creme with chocolate chunks. I would definitely recommend giving it a try! Sugar Philly never disappoints!Sugar Philly makes the best macarons! I have a serious sweet tooth and these more than pass the test. All of their regular flavors are the best because they have perfected the recipes. My personal favorite is the milk and honey which is nice and light and tastes like a cloud from heaven. I went to a workshop with the owner of the truck and he taught us how to make macarons and it is clear that they have simply perfected the dessert. Their flavors of the day are always fun and interesting and usually go with the season. The cute design on the truck is a nice touch.Oh. My. It took me a few months, but I finally ventured to the Sugar Philly truck to treat myself to something sweet. I'd had their milk & honey, chocolate ganache and tiramisu macarons before at a catered event; all were very impressive. Standing in front of the truck, scanning their beautiful lineup of tasty looking treats, I had the most difficult time deciding! With the help of their head chef, I chose two specialty macarons: the spiced pecan with marshmallow filling and the cookies and cream with cookie dough filling. The cookie itself had the perfect mix of crunchy and gooey textures... the filling? Perfection. I will most definitely be back.Conveniently located near my work, also carried by Hub Bub coffee nearby. Cool and tasty flavors, but in terms of all the macarons I've had from places I've visited in the past, the construction of Sugar's macarons are alright. But they're still pretty delicious!A friend bought me a box of macarons from Sugar Food Truck during Valentine's Day weekend (thank you, A!) There was not a huge assortment of flavors but each was very sweet, soft, and delicate. My favorite was the milk and honey, and chocolate ganache. The fruit one was a bit too sweet; the raspberry filling ended up rather gooey in the box. The flavors change between each season so there may be some offered during certain times of the year, and some offered at other times. I'd definitely recommend stopping by - its a tiny truck, very cute and local, with other assortment of desserts other than macarons. A local hotspot of Philly indeed! Their macarons are also larger than the ones offered by Ladurée...and for a good price!! Fairly reasonable price: $2 for a large macaroon and $1.50 for a small macaroon. Definitely recommend coming!
NOTE: I stupidly did not realize I had to refrigerate them so some of them unfortunately cracked and/or the filling melted a bit and oozed inside the box. Luckily for me, they still tasted great. Milk & honey...the bomb. But lesson learned: ALWAYS refrigerate your macarons - and they'll still taste great for a day or two!These are hands down the best macarons in Philadelphia. And believe me, I seek out macarons at every bakery that I visit. They've really perfected the texture here. It's the perfect balance of crisp and soft, and not too crumbly or too gooey on the inside. On top of that, the flavors are so rich and delicious. If you are looking for a sweet treat, either for yourself or as a charming little gift for someone else, this is the perfect place to get it. I haven't tried their cakes yet, but it's on my to-do list (Hibiscus Meyer Lemon?! Yes please.)I am so glad I tried this place!!
I was a bit put off by the $5 price tag when I read about it. Then there was a Groupon, and figured there could be no better deal then this to give them a try. 
I got the Vanilla creme brulee and the pumpkin custard. I don't remember what time of day it was, but I noticed they were sold out of alof of their other desserts, but that didn't matter to me, since these two were the ones i wanted to taste. 
I don't know how to describe them to give them the praise they deserve. They were not too sweet, not too heavy. I think I love the pumpkin custard one a little bit more, I loved the pecans and marshmallow on top. 
Definitely not your everyday kind of dessert, but when you're in the mood for something creamy, sweet, and decadent, the $5 is well worth it When you think about portion size, you would be paying more than $5 at any restaurant that would serve these types of desserts.Love the macarons! They're huge and yes, very yummy! Service is friendly and I would definitely come back again & try new things, as well as recommend!Momma approved! ...and she usually disproves of the desserts I bring home because they're ALWAYS too sweet for her.
But not these macarons!
So far she's had the Tiramisu and the Butter Pecan Pie ones, and her response was, "They make them this good?! How much do they cost?"
My lips were sealed. Don't tell my Asian momma its true price - she'll flip! Ignorance is bliss. Macaron bliss.I have been a frequent customer here, having milk and honey or chocolate ganache all the time. Normally, they are all too sweet for me, UNTIL I GOT THIS AMAZING VALENTINE'S DAY BOX.
I was lucky to pass by Sugar Philly on Valentine's Day, and happy that it was open. I got a half a dozen box of macarons for $11, including some very special:
- Milk and honey: still a little too sweet for me 
- Salted Triple Chocolate: amazing. solved the 'too sweet' problem. 
- Raspberry: my bf's favorite! it has raspberry jam in the center and it was perfect
- Strawberry Cheesecake: extremely good. the middle has strawberry in the center and cheesecake fill around
- Peanut butter chocolate expresso: has little hearts on top of it, really cute. Even though I'm not a fan of peanut butter, it's still good!
- Red Wine Caramel: THE WINNER OF ALL. Everything was beyond heaven. It wasn't overly sweet at all, perfect combination, both inside and outside.
All macarons covers are crunchy, fresh with perfect texture. Now I'm sad that I didn't buy the dozen box. If you ever have a chance to try unpopular macarons of this truck, this is a must. They are way more better than just Milk and Honey, Chocolate Ganache or Tiramisu.$4 for macaron ice cream sandwich which isn't the cheapest but cheaper than what I expected (thought it would be around $6). Really cool flavors like strawberry-horchata and passion fruit-ginger (would recommend).Manayunk StrEAT Food Festival 2018, it was very cold while waiting in line, but worth it... I got a mango passion macaron & crème brûlée. The macaron was delightful, the perfect mix of mango & passion fruit, Delicious! The crème brûlée was silky & the exact right amount of sweet. My friend had a cookies & cream macaron, it was her first time having one ever. She loved it. The macarons were so pretty.I finally tried out their macarons at Washington Ave Night Market last night. My boyfriend got us three flavors to try: Milk + Honey, Roasted Pineapple, and Dulce de Leche. 
A couple of things to note: 
1. the macarons are HUGE! It looks like a cupcake. 3 for 5 bucks. Totally worth your money.
2. Roast pineapple was interesting but Milk + Honey was my favorite. Dulce de Leche was just overly sweet for me.
I was debating between 3 stars and 4 stars. Don't get me wrong. They have good macarons. But they are not great comparing to some others I have had, for example, those at Laduree in NYC, and Garces Trading Company here at philly.  
The bottom line is that they will satisfy your macaron craving with a very affordable price. So try it out when you see them.Kind of expensive for what I believe are average tasting macaroons. Flavors are usually pretty innovative and I like that they rotate to keep things interesting, but I just can't bring myself to pay for such a small, mediocre treat. It does satisfy my occasional macaroon cravings though!I'm kind of shocked by these reviews. The macarons I had here were really terrible. Although I shouldn't have been surprised. Macarons are a very hard cookie to make, and the rushed speed and cramped quarters of a food truck does not lend itself to such an intricate affair.
Mistake #1 was super sizing the cookie. Macarons are supposed to be delicate little bursts of flavor. Bigger does not make better. Mistake #2 is using old shells. The shells at Sugar Philly were very clearly stale. Macaron shells should be crisp on the outside and very soft on the inside. Once you bite into the shell, the cookie should start to crumble in on itself, not crumble all over my shirt. The texture was all wrong. Mistake #3 is the icing. All I tasted was sugar, no flavor. I would have believed you if you told me the icing was from a can. Macarons should have strong flavor without being too sweet; it is what makes the cookie so enjoyable. Small, delicate, flavorful, but almost savory.Their Macarons are a good size and taste great. These guys deserve a lot of business. They are friendly, and personable. I bought the milk/honey, tirimisu, and the caramel. Caramel is my favorite. The hibiscus lemonade is also  great blend of tart & sweet.Sweet lovers' bliss! This food truck makes some of the best macarons I've ever had, with the milk & honey being one of my favorite flavors. They are pretty big in size for a macaron, so my recommendation is to go with a friend (or two!). That way you can share & enjoy several of the epic flavors in one sitting and avoid the indecision paralysis that comes with having to choose from so many great options!I love this place.
The ice cream macarons are great, plus the owner is nice. I wish their schedule was more consistent, but it's a food truck, so I can overlook that.First of all, the guy that runs this truck is super nice and friendly. He will fill you in on all the details of the desserts available and also on the ones that have already sold out. 
Today, I wanted to splurge on a dessert after lunching out with my pal from work. We wandered over to Sugar Philly and both ordered the creme brulee. Wow. Delicious! Plus the guy torches it right there in front of you which is just fun to watch. 
All desserts are $5 and they included rice pudding, spicy chocolate Mexican cake, chocolate bread pudding, macarons and a peanut panna cotta, along with the creme brulee. The only suggestion I have is to get a little more on the list of options. I'd like to see some pies and cakes available along with the fancier fare.I wait all year for pears to be in season.  Just for this one piece of $5 pear-dessert-heaven-on-earth.  I have it eaten by the time I'm back to my office on 39th street.  I've also had a pineapple brown butter cake thing-y which is also delish but not as good as the pear.  They do a great job with desserts for being a truck parked along a busy street.Gotta drop a star because of the macarons I received today.  Haven't been here in a while but I sent a friend to pick up a bunch.  The large macs def had an increase in size and a major decrease in quality.  Quality seemed to drop after new employees were hired to meet increased demand.  The macs I received were some of the sloppiest macs I've seen.  Cracked shells, no feet and messy filling.Outstanding macaroons. No question about it. Chocolate ganache is the best one on the menu. Green tea is no good.
Barrett L.'s review summed up the macaroons:  "Perfect combination of creamy, sweet filling between two savory melt-in-your-mouth meringues."I'm both fascinated and confused by the concept of a dessert truck.  Although their desserts are definitely, to put it coarsely, damn tasty, I question the sustainability given that fancy desserts are not something I need to have everyday. 
Nevertheless I know that Sugar Philly has a huge support network and it's buzz certainly has not died down, so more power to the owners.  I'd recommend the owners to move their truck around the city more if possible, similar to the business model of certain cupcake trucks.
I also really like the umbrella on their truck, it really inspires my sugar cravings for some odd reason.  (Clearly they're really good at marketing.)  The people working there are also really nice.
Anyway, the desserts that we tried were:
- Creme brulee: my dessert partner said this was "probably the best creme brulee he's ever had in his life."  Pretty bold statement I must say.  I like how it had a really smooth creamy texture, and had a large cream-to-hard-sugar ratio.  My dessert partner was really impressed by the fact that they use a humongous torch to make the topping right in front of you.  
- Green tea and tiramisu macarons: Not my thing.  I gave macarons a chance before so I don't blame my experience on Sugar Philly at all really.  I don't like the texture of the cookie, I think the fillings for both were a bit too sweet, and overall it's just kind of weird.  But I'm biased and most people love the macarons so don't take my word for it.  
I'll be back to try the chocolate molten cake and their cheesecake!The macaroons were delicious! You get the crunch of the outer shell and then the softness and flavor after. The only downfall was that now it's $2 for larges and they stopped the 3 for $5 deal :( I also tried the creme brûlée and it was pretty good as well. It was smooth and creamy :) and they torch the sugar right when you order it in front of you!I'm conflicted about this place. I wanted to try it because someone posted a picture of it on Facebook and bought a blueberry basil peanut butter donut, a milk and honey macaroons and a chocolate macaroon. I definitely would not suggest the donut to anyone- it was pretty small and underwhelming. Also at &3.00 it was just a bit too expensive. The macaroons, however, were very good. The milk and honey flavor was amazing, and the chocolate was great too. $1.75 seems expensive but macaroons are always expensive and are labor intensive, so to me they were much more reasonable the the donut. In my opinion, the macaroons were better than Miel Patisserie. I wanted to give one star after the donut and 5 after the macaroons, so I evened it out at 3. I would go back, but only for one or two macaroons as a treat. I probably wouldn't venture to try their other desserts. Also, the staff was super friendly and polite when helping me pick out my choices.Had the green tea macaron and strawberry macaron. Love the fresh and cold cream fillings! I used to not understand macaron but now I do, after this. The texture and sweetness and flavor combo are just right. And they are just $1.50 each!The Sugar Truck one of the best things about working in University City. The macarons are delicious and the owner is super nice. I have had macarons at other french bakeries but they don't come close to the Sugar Truck's macarons. My favorite is the Milk and Honey; it sounds plain but it's so tasty. The chocolate ganache is also really good. I've tried some of the fruity flavor but in my opinion they aren't as good as these two. They also have macaron ice cream sandwiches (perfect on a hot day) and a lot of other great treats. They make the perfect after lunch treat if you're in University City.These macaroons hit the spot. I was craving sugar. We indulged in the milk and honey, ganache, and tiramisu macaroons. We weren't fans of the ganache (but we don't usually like ganache).
I recommend the milk and honey flavor. They were smooth, creamy, balanced. I could eat ten right now. The tiramisu flavor was just o.k. It tasted strong to us. But I will say it did taste similar to real tiramisu.
I can't wait to try the creme brulee!The saddest part of my day is when I come for macarons and they're sold out.Sugar Philly is such a nice impulse dessert place in West Philly. All of their desserts are high quality, but out of a food truck, and there's something really nice about that. 
My favorite thing to get here is the macarons, and specifically, the Milk & Honey flavor. It is unlike any other macaron I've ever had - heavenly, really, the mix of vanilla and the tinge of honey, it's making me happy just to think about it. I've also tried most of the other flavors, and they're all really good - they have some cool ones like cinnamon toast crunch and froot loop - but the Milk & Honey is the best one by far. I've also tried their cheesecake which was also very good.
I've also pre-ordered around 50 macarons for an event, and they're really easy to work with in that respect. 
Definitely recommend it if you're in the area!Discovery of this truck made my day! My week!
They have lots of Macaron varieties, which they assemble on the spot. I got the tiramisu, be i like creme based macarons (vs. fruity). Yum!
Will return to treat myself and try other favors!The creme brulee is SO good!!! it's soo rich and creamy. plus, they torch it right in front of you so the sugar layer is so warm and perfect! It's pretty rich so I couldn't eat it all in one sitting but that's fine, custard dessert for later :) I can't wait to go back and get another one!
The molten chocolate cake was not very "molten"... the cake itself was okay. but just okay. 
I wasn't able to try any macaroons this time but will come back to try them soon!! 
Go try it! A little pricey for my college budget since it's from a truck but I can't resist the mini-splurge. It's deliciousssss!i think my fave is the honey one. the size of the macaron is much bigger than what i've had before and the outer shell was a bit harder as well. it's filled on the spot which makes it fresh. i wish they had the green tea when i came :( i also had the vanilla bean creme brulee, which was torched on the spot. they guys in the truck were super nice. i look forward to the new flavors they come up with.So my boyfriend planned a food tour around Philly (appetizer at Wedge & Fig; entree at R2L), and this was our last stop. He chose this truck for its creme brulee, and it was a great pick! They make it right there in front of you, and it was just as good as (dare I say better than?) any nice, sit-down restaurant. He had gotten the cheesecake which was of a different consistency than most cheesecakes (but was still good). I didn't get to try the macaroons, but for the creme brulee... I give it 5 stars.Reliably delicious macarons! The flavors are really unique: maple cranberry, green tea, fruit loops, and cookie dough are some of my favorites. Their ice cream macaron sandwiches are a must-try as well. The outer macarons are crispy on the outside and chewy in the middle. The ice cream flavors are creative: cinnamon toast crunch, creme brulee, smores (they roast the marshmallow right there in front of you!) 
Since they make the macarons as you order them (they put in the filling only after you order), it can take a few minutes to receive your order. However, they are very accommodating and allow you to mix and match the macaron outer cookie color with the flavor ganache inside. 
Note that sometimes due to inclement weather, the truck will not be open, but they always post daily flavors on their instagram (@sugarphilly) account which is very convenient for us loyal followers!Hours on Thursday 10/5/2017 12-6pm, 12:15-12:33 no show! 
Note: I checked social media before venturing out! No update on change of hours provided.
My review is as empty as that open spot on 38th Street between Walnut and Sampson! 
On to the next open establishment!  (ICI Macarons 230 Arch Street, Philadelphia PA 19106)With all these rave reviews, I went there for the first time sometime last year and I hated it. I absolutely do not like the man who runs the truck.
It was my first time there and he was super rude to me but extremely nice to the girl before me and the girl after, while I did nothing and I mean absolutely nothing to him to be treated that way. When it came to me, he supposedly only had 3 of the 5 flavors left even though it was only opened for maybe 1-2 hours. Although I know macarons are very fragile, these were poorly made! And the fillings were just oozing out all over the place.
My aunt has also experienced the man's rudeness even though we've never went together, and my first time was also my last time. Never again.Sugar Philly has me addicted! I can't say enough good things about the consistent quality of their Macarons, the amazing price point, the friendly staff and creative recipes! There's nothing more satisfying then heading to this food truck after class with friends. I look forward to many more trips in the coming years :)This is, hand down, the best macarons in Philly so far!! I've tried many places since I am addicted to this little sweets and that I've been studying french for a long time, but no place could beat Sugar Philly macs yet! Cheap, huge, bold flavor!! J'adore les macarons au lait et miel :)) YES! Milk and HoneyyyyySolid macarons with unique flavors. I love that it's a truck, but I tried their macarons when they sponsored a local hackathon. 
I'm not sure how else to describe each macaron besides melt-in-your-mouth, crispy and buttery, and just the right amount of, well, sugar!Gluten free macaroons that are filled on-order from a friendly dude who will chat you up and recommend other good eats. Coffee was pretty good too. Peppermint macaroons were the big winner on this trip. I'll be back!Giant macarons 3 for $5, but can be too sweet. I'm not a sweet tooth so I only like the chocolate ganache since that is a classic and no-fail flavor.As someone who isn't a big fan of desserts, I love the macaroons here. They're definitely not cheap but they're so good I don't care. The milk and honey flavor is without a doubt their best flavor. Definitely check it out!Love this little truck on walnut! I used to live right on that corner so I've had my fair share of macarons... The milk and honey is a classic, mint chocolate tastes like a thin mint, and my FAVORITE is the lychee when they have it! I've been dying to try their ice cream macaron sandwiches, so that'll be my next trip. TIP: If the truck is closed and you need your fix, HubBub on spruce sells their macarons also!The best Macarons I've had in a while. Although I'm not very exposed to the world of macarons, I have to say these sweets are quite impressive, and I am hooked. The tiramisu is a classic and my personal favorite, but all the other flavors are just as amazing. The tiramisu is a mix of rich chocolate and sweet milky flavor. They also have new flavors you can try out every day, which is great for those who are a little adventurous. If you haven't tried out these sweets, you're really missing out.I'm really upset that I discovered Sugar Philly about a year ago. It has now become my macaron and ice cream sandwich standard, which not many have come close to in comparison. I've visited famous dessert locations in NY and find myself saying "Meh ... still not as good as Sugar Philly." The macarons are always fresh, and the ice cream flavors so unique and delicious. So fresh that you can witness then using a blow torch on the marshmallows ice cream sandwiches. The cakes = scrumptious. I highly recommend visiting the truck during regular weekday hours where you can avoid the night market crowds. Also follow them on Instagram to find out what flavors are featured that week/day since they are constantly changing. It's difficult to pick a favorite, but I must say the boozy Valentine edition is the best! Order it even if you do not have a significant other because nothing is better than alcohol and sweets mixed into one. I really hate giving my sugar secrets out, but you're missing out on one of Philly's best if you haven't visited the truck yet!So good, the macarons are filled while you wait and they are delicious. I've had the creme brûlée as well and it's a must have.2/20/2018: Despite my previous negative experience, I stopped by the truck at the request of my daughter. The girl working at the truck had gloves on and was on her smart phone when we approached her. After she took my order, she made the macarons, took my money, went back to using her smart phone all with the same gloves on. Not only were the macarons poorly made with cracked shells and filling oozing all over the bag, the clerk,s actions were unsanitary and quite disgusting. Due to this experience as well as my previous one I will not be coming back to this truck.
2/14/2017: I stopped by the truck today to pick up my pre-ordered  Valentine's gift box (10) for my wife and children. I asked the young  and thin Caucasian male clerk if he could place the alcohol  containing macaroons on one side of the box since I have young  children at home and I do not want them taking them. He curtly  replied with a bunch of colors telling me that those are the ones  with alcohol, and I told him that I won't remember that list and  politely requested again. He then tore a piece of cooking paper on  which he carelessly and hurriedly scribbled a list of colors which  was only partially legible. He then told me that there is no alcohol in  them anyway. I repeated my concern about my children and in an  irritated manner he replied that he couldn't do that because the box  was prepackaged, even though it is a box simply tied with a ribbon  and not sealed in any manner. I asked his name twice to which he  ignored me the first time, then the second time hesitantly  answered, "Dan Tang." I've purchased many times at the Sugar  Philly Truck and I am extremely disappointed at how rudely this  clerk handled my request today, and especially because it  concerns the well-being of my young children.I spent last summer hanging out in southern France, eating incredible macarons practically on a daily basis. These are the best macarons I've found since coming back to the US! The salted caramel was absolutely incredible, a perfect blend of sweet and salty. 
Maybe I'm looking forward to starting school mostly due to campus's proximity to this truck...These guys make THE best macaroons in Philly, no contest. Plus you can get them at Di Brunos Brother's locations!
Do yourself a favor and don't even bother with the goons over at Audubon, who charge nearly the same for smaller, flavorless macaroons.I tried my first macarons! I had a pumpkin stout and a Vietnamese coffee macaron.  These were very good and much stronger of a taste than I would have guessed.  The outside "cookie" had a little bit of a crispness to it, then gave way to a soft interior.  The Inner "filling" was light and creamy.  The flavors were pronounced, especially with the pumpkin stout marcaron, the pumpkin cookie mixed well with the coffee/stout taste of the filling.  
My understanding is that macarons are pretty difficult to make, which makes this truck that much more impressive.
Looking on yelp, I saw that they serve creme brulee. I love creme brulee, and I'd be interested in trying theirs.  Though, the last time I had creme brulee in little aluminum cups, you could taste the aluminum in the custard.  
Now, I am not much of a sweets person, but something like this I would order every now and again.Wow! I left Paris sad that I had to leave behind LaDuree, famous purveyor of french macarons. Little did I know that just STEPS from my office there was a dessert truck that made these magical desserts. I just meandered over there today for the first time and purchased 9 macarons (at 3 for $5). I had to try every flavor and be sure that I saved some for my husband and friend. They are AMAZING. 
First of all, they are SUPER fresh. They pipe the filling right in front of you. Second, they are HUGE (for a macaron). Third, they are decadent and creative. Milk and Honey, Chocolate Ganache, Peanut Butter/Chocolate, and Tiramisu were the flavors today. They instructed me to start with the milk and honey. I barely made it across the street before indulging. Wow! It was so great. The texture, the flavor, even the temperature! They have it all spot on. The chocolate ganache also blew me away.
I love you Sugar Philly!!! I'll be back for sure. :)What's the difference between the dessert you would get at Sugar Philly and the dessert you would get at a nice restaurant? Not much, other than that you get your Sugar Philly dessert fix from a food truck. 
I got to try the milk & honey macaroons, cheesecake and creme brûlée at a catered event. Chatting with the guy working the truck, I learned most of the desserts are prepared ahead of time since they are custard based. That makes sense because there's only so much you can really do on the spot in a truck. You aren't going to fit the cow in there after all! He did have the torch to flambé the brûlée in front of my eyes. The strawberry topped my cheesecake on the spot as well.
If I closed my eyes, I could picture myself eating my desserts at a table in a fine dining establishment. That's enough to impress me and for me to give Sugar Philly a 5 star review.Just had my first French Macarons. Tiramisu and Milk and Honey. AMAZING. The macarons look as if it would be crunchy, but at first bite, it was so much more. Crunchy, then creamy, then chewy. The perfect balance of sweetness and delicacy. Delightful.What a nice surprise on 38th. I firmly believe if you are going to do something do it the best, and Sugar Philly Truck does just that.  The Macarons are perfection with just the right amount of sweetness.  To make it even better they are made to order.  
So while I waited for Dan, the owner, to put together and nicely package a dozen of the traditional size Macarons, I enjoyed a fresh made large size Milk and Honey (of the six flavors I tried, overall the best).  What a fanciful idea for a food truck.  A true delight.I gave 3 stars because the best selling flavor is often sold out. Other than that,go check them out if you want dessert,but are looking for something different.Ever heard of earl grey tea sauce?  YUMMMMMM-AYYYYYYY.  My bf and I were just strollin' around after another ginormous meal and we came upon Sugar Philly.  I had heard about it through one of the founders who attended a fundraiser I had recently run.  I was extremely skeptical about dessert from a food truck despite knowing how successful they have been in Manhattan.  On this particular night, I decided to be open-minded and generous and so my boyfriend and I decided to try some of their desserts.  We spoke to one of the chefs and another co-founder.  I can't remember the second thing we tried because the bread pudding really impressed us.  The cake was soft and moist, but not overly gooey or gloppy.  The portion size was decent for $5 and the earl grey topping was SO amazing.  
I would've given this place a 3-star rating if it wasn't for this unique sauce.  It wasn't too sweet and it really tasted like authentic earl grey tea!  I'm not great with words so I'm having trouble describing what it was like but it really was special and delicious.  I'm not a huge dessert person so I had no problem splitting with another person but if you're the type of person whose favorite part of the meal is a sweet ending, this may not be your place.  If you're just looking for something tasty and fun, stop by this place!  They told me they also can cater big events!Just went when they opened at 1pm, in front of the bookstore @ 36th & Walnut. They only had creme brulee & panna cotta at the time because they're still working out the kinks, but both were really good. They caramelized the creme brulees there and it smelled delicious. Cracking the sugar layer is soo satisfying, and the creme brulee is so creamy.
The young staff is all smiles. All desserts just $5 and they have milk too! Can't wait to go back for the bread pudding..Stopped today and were so happy that we did!  We got 6 large to bring home and they're almost gone. Will definitely be backMacaron ice cream sandwich? why not!? 
First time stopping by, and I picked up a tiramisu mac, and honey and milk macaron, both in the regular size ($1.50). I also tried the peanut butter chocolate raspberry Icecream macaron. I really enjoyed all of it, but my favorite would have to be the Icecream mac, and the honey and milk. I would suggest upgrading to the large size, since there's only a $0.50 difference, yet the size difference is drastic!Probably the best macarons in the city 
Tried
Chocolate ganache 
Tiramisu 
Milk and honey and a couple of ice cream macarons. 
I liked all but Milk and honey is their signature flavor.So I went to visit today, only realizing that the truck wasn't available until late August, despite yelp's assurance of the truck being open. Luckily, I read on the website that a nearby store, Hubbub Coffee or Cafe, I believe, sold French macaroons. Tucked away in a fridge were the delicious treats. I picked up four packs of two; milk & honey, raspberry, tiramisu and blueberry. Green tea was also available but I decided against, I had the flavor before, which was a pleasant experience, though I feel this flavor is a bit of an acquired taste. After a twenty minute drive home, yes my obsession is real, I finally got to indulge. The milk and honey were perfect- not too sweet, yet nowhere near bland. Raspberry was okay, the chocolate filling threw me off at first but it was still delicious. I've had the tiramisu before, though this time around it was much better- more moist and coffee flavored. Lastly, the blueberry, which were not that visually appealing from the outside, they were more so green tinted rather than blue, turned out to be amazing. Attached is a picture of the miracle. 5/5 for the macaroons, I can't wait til the actual truck is back.Amazing chocolate ganache!! The ganache is deep and rich and very smooth. Bourbon smore is great too. Milk and honey isn't bad but a bit too sweet for me (and there's no chocolate)WOW... wow... did I say wow??
I was strolling in Philly and I passed by the Sugar Philly desert truck and I knew I had to stop.   The truck just looked happy.  It is very whimsical and the smiling faces inside makes you want to order everything (Go with your instinct!).
Sorry to be repetitive but wow!! The French Macarons just melt in your mouth.  I started with two and as I walked away and took my first bite I had to order all the flavors.  Orgasmic! Party in your mouth!! Heaven in an instant!!
Not to mention the owner is a total sweetheart and was very informative about Philly.  The only downside is that they are not in NYC however I love the fact that you can go on their website and track down the truck so I can find them next time I am in Philly.. can't wait!Went here for the first time a few months ago, so I don't remember all the details, but... here's what I do remember:
-- Super cute truck. Love that their focus is macarons.
-- Friendly service, which is a must for any successful food truck.
-- The macarons were really good! We got most of the flavors they were offering that day and were pleasantly surprised at just how delicious they were. We've been to the fancy places in NYC and these were stellar considering the price!
-- $1 off if you get six!
-- Saw them using a mini blow torch for someone else's creme brulee. Pretty legit.
Need to go back soon!!I just got back from their grand opening.  Got my lifetime discount t-shirt and now have a belly full of creme brulee.  They only had 2 choices today and I was hoping for the bread pudding or the spicy mexican chocolate layer cake but I will have to wait for those.
For $5 (or $4 with your discount shirt) you can't really beat what you are getting.  Gourmet quality + food cart quantity = delicious.Price: $1.50 and a $1.00 off when you purchase six or more. $2.00 for the larger size. 
Food: the Macarons here had the chewy texture that I've been craving. The filling was absolutely delightful and the favoring was potent in each one! The Tiramisu was VERY rich in coffee favor (the filling). The Honey (light color) was the best of the three I tried. The dark turquoise was a chocolate favor and although that was good too, I'm not a big chocolate person but I can see a chocolate connoisseur falling in love with it. 
I love that they were not overly sweet, had the chewy thing going and that they put the filling in upon purchase.
Customer service: the young lady was direct, polite and knowledgeable. 
What more can I ask for?! My Macaron hunt in Philly stops here!I love sugar philly. It makes macarons readily accessible and affordable. What could be better?? The owner is extremely friendly and personable. The macarons are assembled by order. I even walked through a snow storm for these macarons. They are so worth it.4 stars for great service and great food!  Appreciated the lovely chat with the man in the truck regarding the festival and his sweet creations.  I was perplexed by the burrata ice cream and had to ask him "Burrata, as in the cheese?"  to which he responded with the greatest food imagery verbiage you can imagine.  Had we not already ordered 3 items, we would have ordered that as well.
We tried:
Creme Brulee - Delicious, and freshly torched before your eyes upon ordering!
Cookie Dough Macaron - Tasted just like cookie dough.  Good, but I would try a more "classic" macaron flavor next time.
Creme Brulee Ice Cream Sandhich - YES.  This was heavenly.  The ice cream even had a classic caramelized/crispy sugar layer.  It was so, so good.  With the ice cream sandwiches, you chose your ice cream flavor and then the type of cookie to sandwich it between: either chocolate chip or a macaron shell.  We tried it with the macarons which I think was the way to go.  The light crispy almond shell enhanced the flavor where I think a typical chocolate chip cookie may have overwhelmed it.
Will definitely look out for this truck again!A novelty desert food truck in the University area! For a small macaroon $1.50 and a large $2, the prices are fair and decent. I've tried a lot of flavors and I think Sugar Philly provides tasty, soft macaroons for a great value. 
Milk tea - The most popular and classic flavor. It is always on the menu for a reason! It's a nice balanced, sweet mixture of the flavors and has the perfect kick of honey. The filling has a nice consistency too! 
Pistachio - My 2nd favorite. It's pistachio...there's nothing more to say! 
Green Tea - The filling was a green tea jam and the consistency was softer. Personally, I wasn't a fan of the jam filling but that's just me. 
Red Wine Sangria - The flavors were all too overpowering with each other, a nice choice but I wouldn't get it again 
Cookie Dough - Upon the first bite, I thought it was delicious but it left an interesting after taste. 
Fruity loops - If you have a major sweet tooth and prefer macarons that are more o the sweeter side, definitely try this one! 
Macarons are the perfect treat for your friends, significant other, or even yourself! With the convenient location (smack dab in middle of campus) and fair prices, Sugar Philly is great place to do that!