i've been in here a few times for dinner supplies, and have always been happy. the pasta is good, always fresh, but the sauce (sorry, gravy) is awesome. i've had both the marinara and the pesto, and they're delicious.Fantastic fresh spinach pasta for dinner last night. Nice home made marinara sauce. Italian loaf (don't know bakery they get it) was not crusty, but soft and very good.  Also got frozen porcini sauce which was rich and very good.Last night an eggplant saved my life from a broken heart. Last night an eggplant saved my life with a song.
Until my mom reincarnates,  I will rely on Superior Pasta Company to lavish upon me the most scrumptious eggplant parmigiana ever conceived.
Hot diggity damn!
I am a puddle of tears of gratitude. Just walking in there gives me a contact high.
Not to mention, the guy running the place is a red sauce rock star. A+ personality and 100% helpful. I'm a customer for life!I LOVE YOU SUPERIOR PASTA! This is not a lie or an over exaggeration. It is true love. Your gnocchi, they melt in your mouth. So tenderly made with true TLC. It tastes like you made them just for me. Your Vodka Marinara is divine. I could just eat it with a spoon. The cheese tortellini, ah perfect. Not to much cheese just enough noodle and you can use any sauce or just a little olive oil and parm to make this a truly delicious dinner. Ok, I talk to much. This business is amazing. They are in Bella Vista/Italian Market area and are worth every cent. Make the trip. The friendly faces, the smells, the options of fresh or frozen pasta/pasta sauces. They even have bread! I heart  you Superior Pasta. I truly do.these are the best ravioli i've ever had.. so reasonably priced and superiorly delicious. it's like having real italia in my cucina.. so so so good. tried the meat and crab ones so far.. can't wait to try all of emSuperior ravioli has the best ravioli in Philadelphia's Italian market. Great variety, low key, and rarely crowded - this not supermarket ravioli. Note: it's not a restaurant.Probably not much I can say that hasn't already been said. This place is great and they've got real, Italian specialty pastas that you won't find in any grocery store. I got myself one of their pre-made, homemade baked zitis and it was so good! (Note: they've got a great variety of these including lasagna). Their service is great and they're at a convenient location. They also offer up breads and cheese, so it's a one-stop shop for all your family dinner needs.this place is like ravioli nirvana.
everything is made fresh, in house. from the "gravy" to the ridiculously fab ravioli, every single item i have purchased here has been perfect.
we like the goat cheese with the crab gravy best, with a shout out to the shrimp ravioli paired with the vodka marinara! aces, both of 'em...Makes me happy, happy!  I will edit my review once I try the meat ravioli I just bought over the weekend.  I am so anxious to try it and to find a great new source for pasta and ravioli and sauces in the Italian Market area.Everything here is just superb, from the gnocchi to the mushroom ravioli to the crab sauce.  The white clam sauce, in particular, is simply delicious.  They also have prepared entrees, like baked ziti and lasgna, that just need to be baked in the oven.  If you are looking for something classic, go for the cheese ravioli and marinara sauce; it's simple but will satisfy any pasta lover's craving.  The goat cheese stuffed ravioli is one of my personal favorites and fantasic when combined with the pesto sauce.  A box of ravioli will cost you anywhere from $5-9, and sauces are about $5-6 per pint.  They also have fresh baked long Italian rolls and various butter cookies for sale.This was our first time here. We got meat ravioli and cheese ravioli and marina. It was $20 for 2 boxes of ravioli and a jar of marinara. Not bad! Had it for dinner and it was really good. We will be back.Superior to the average fresh pasta you find anywhere else, but not superior to Tallutos.  Sorry, Tallutos is hands down the best fresh pasta in Italian Market and their red sauce is better too.  If Tallutos is closed, come to Superior instead of going home empty handed.  There is nothing wrong with this place.  It is good.  It is just not heavenly.Terrific fresh pasta cut to order served by the nicest group of people you will meet.frozen take-out eggplant parm was tasty but for $10.99, i'd like a double portion please.  it's damn far from center city so why the prices?  there's no meat and little me can def finish it in one sitting.  everything on the menu was $7.99 and up, i believe.There is a slight caveat here, and that is that I am a vegan and I am rating 5 stars for their selection of excellent vegan food...but I can't imagine that the rest of their food is bad in any way.
The other thing I should mention is that I'm not even crazy about Italian food; it's just not my thing.
The three cheese vegan ravioli was really a pleasure. As a vegan, it is obviously a rare treat for me to get to eat ravioli! The Taste and texture where as I remembered and the treat of ravioli comfort was delightfully fulfilling.
I had never had Italian sausage scallopini before I became vegan so I can't say how "authentic" it is. However, the spices and texture of the sausage immediately reminded me of Italian sausage I had had in my youth. While this is not something I would normally love, what struck me was the mixture of spices and the flavoring which just shouted "classic Italian"!
Next came the Italian meatballs which were delicious! Typically I buy the Trader Joe's meatballs more for content/texture than for flavor, but here the flavor shines as well as the texture. Again, this just screams "real Italian food".
And I guess this shouldn't surprise me. This store has been in business since 1948 in the Italian Market. They ought to know what "real Italian" tastes like and they've obviously used their knowledge and skill to make extremely authentic vegan products.I don't think I will ever buy pasta anywhere else again.
I have a P&S close by and have bought "handmade" ravioli from them in the past, but Superior is, well Superior! 
I'm knocking one star off because the squid ink pasta that the owner made a fuss over some people not liking the taste tasted like plain pasta...the best plain pasta I've ever had! But still, no exotic flavor. 
Notice to my stalkers. I will now be appearing every weekend at Superior Pasta Co. and everyone else should too!You should stop by this little Italian Market store for the freshest pastas and even sauces.
They have cavatellis, penne, etc. all frozen in the freezers. They have all types of raviolis, too---spinach, pumpkin, etc. And lots of specialty pastas like spinach gnocci.
The sauces are great, too. Marinara, vodka, clam. And all you have to do is defrost it and you have a homemade Italian diner!A new parent's dream.  They have lots of prepared meals to store in the freezer.  Our favs are the meat ziti, spinach lasagna, herb linguine/clam sauce, and linguine/diablo sauce.  Great service.I purchased a pound of homemade fettuccine here in December to compliment the Bolognese sauce that I made (via Marcela Hazan's recipe). It was quite simply one of the best, most delicious meals I have ever made. The pasta is fresh, delicious, lacking the bizarre egg-y taste of some other fresh pastas on the market. Highly recommended!I LOVE SUPERIOR MEATBALLS! And I am not a meatball girl by any means but these are seriously soooooo gooood. We always have a bag of them in the freezer and no spaghetti night at my house is complete without them. I like to have two in my bowl. They also make bangin' Marinara gravy- not too salty, and not too sweet, just the way I like it.Sometimes I don't feel like cookin up a storm. Sometimes that mood strikes me, oddly enough, after I've spent all this time shopping in the Italian Market for the makings of some elaborate feast... Ohh how I annoy myself...and I think, "OK well, I'll do all that tomorrow, so what are we eating tonight?" The answer is deeelicious ravioli. I love Superior Pasta Company.
Their excellent ravioli are some of the reasons that I love the Italian Market; they're some of the reasons why living so close to the market can be so great. For a quick meal, I can't do any better than picking up a couple dozen for dinner. I share them, OK? Stop jumping to conclusions. They're not all for me. So far, the three cheese, the pumpkin, and the crab varieties have become staples in our pasta lovin lives. Wonderful. This place has a right to feel superior, alright.This pasta is awesome!  This time when we visited philadelphia, we took a large cooler so my friend and I could stock up on this fresh and frozen pasta.  We got a fresh pound of tomato basil, whole wheat, spinach, and two garlic and herbs.  We bought frozen hot pepper pasta, and a three cheese ravioli, goat cheese ravioli, cheese tortellini, pesto, and a marinara sauce all for, I think, about $70-$75.
The people who run it are really nice.  We put in our order on Saturday after brunch at Sabrina's across the street and picked it up in Monday after another brunch at Sabrina's.  We had a 4-5 hour train ride home, so they gave us an ice block to take in the cooler and threw in some extra meatballs too!  
You should definitely try this out!I scored a groupon a while ago and have been going ever since.
Wonderful selection of pastas and sauces!Last night I boiled up the pumpkin ravioli from Superior Pasta Co. The little pillows contained a succulent blend of the orangey squash-like stuff and ricotta and seasonings I couldn't quite identify. My dining companion said they reminded him of perogi, which wasn't an insult. We doused them in good olive oil and a grating of fresh parmesan and that was all they needed--if they even needed that garnish.
I'm looking forward to trying the fresh-cut garlic and herb pasta that's also sitting in my freezer. They also offer at least 7-8 other varieties, including sun-dried tomato, whole wheat (which they didn't have during my visit) and spinach. When you make your selection, the friendly woman behind the counter pulls out a thin sheet of made-that-day pasta and cuts it to your liking (spaghetti? linguine? fettuccine?) using an imposing-looking metal machine.
This place is a bit off the Italian Market beaten-path, so it's less crowded than the rest. 
I also sampled two of their biscotti, which are perched in unassuming plastic containers near the register. The anise flavor was to die for.Superior is my number one stop every time I'm in the Italian Market.  There is a great, interesting selection of raviolis (far from just cheese) and sauces/gravies.  I haven't had their take out meals, but I have been able to try the diablo sauce, eggplant gorgonzola ravioli, and roasted garlic and shrimp ravioli.  The diablo sauce is holy hell hot!  Usually, I can take the heat, but this was above and beyond spicy for me.  On the flip side, the eggplant gorgonzola ravioli was one of the best ravioli I've ever had.  The flavors were just wow...I was blown away.
I just got the chicken italiano ravioli and porcini mushroom sauce...I cannot wait to eat these.
If you're in the area, definitely stop by Superior Pasta and grab some good stuff for dinner!I'm a Fan!  Made my stop by Superior Pasta today and picked up a box of meat ravioli, a box of lobster ravs, and a box of crab ravs.  Got us a quart of their delicious marinara sauce and had us a wonderful dinner!
Superior Pasta has a great selection of ravioli, pasta, and fresh gravies (sauces).  We've tried a number of their pastas and gravies and haven't been disappointed.  While I have rated them a 4 Star, let me be clear, whenever I go to the Italian Market, I always stop in and get some kind of ravioli and sauce from Superior Pasta!
The staff at Superior has always been extremely friendly and helpful.  We love this place and routinely stop in to grab stuff for the evening or the freezer.  Definitely worth a visit.Unbelievable - seriously - unbelievable! 
I would consider giving my first born for the Diablo sauce - just hand me a spoon, my dignity means nothing. And you can just go ahead and cart the kid away if you pour it over the lobster ravioli or the sundried tomato spaghetti. I can't even describe how amazing the meatballs are. Put a few meatballs in a bowl and cover them in Diablo sauce and start your journey to heaven. 
The pasta here is fresh, flavorful and just all around fantastic. The prices are a bit steep but I think that is just because I turn into a kid in a candy shop and start piling items up on the counter without regard for prices. Any chance we could force them to have a contest where someone wins a supply of their products for life? I might end up a 600 lb. woman but I sure would be a happy one!If you like Alfredo, Get the Porcini Mushroom Sauce!!!  So flavorful but not too rich.  It goes great with the Spinach Fettucini or Lobster RavI love stopping by Superior to grab fresh pasta.  They offer numerous varieties, such as lobster, pesto, crab, pumpkin, broccoli rabe, and cheese ravioli; ricotta cavatelli; and various flavors of pasta you can have cut into spaghetti, linguini, fettuccini or capellini.  I love the tomato basil, but they were out of it this trip.  They also have whole wheat.
Though I have never tried it, they sell a wide selection of sauces like crab, marinara, pesto, clam, etc.  The staff is always very friendly and treat you like one of the family.Makes me happy, happy!  I will edit my review once I try the meat ravioli I just bought over the weekend.  I am so anxious to try it and to find a great new source for pasta and ravioli and sauces in the Italian Market area.
Once I taste them I am hoping to make this review a 5 star!Everything we've tried here has been fantastic!  The pasta is cut fresh to your order right in front of you.  The ravioli and sauces have also been terrific.  We've tried other places, but this is our go-to place when making lasagna, fettuccini or linguini at home.  I don't recall the last time we made dried pasta.The Four Cheese ravioli are probably the best I've ever had. They have a huge array of pastas and manicotti and ravioli at Superior, but I would stick with whatever's fresh. I had the crab ravioli, pre-frozen, and they didn't light me up the way the fresh four cheese jawns did.Have been here several times to pick up the rav's.  They are fantastic and I agree with every review on here.  So fantastic that I have driven to Superior to pick up rav's and the marinara sauce to wrap up and give to my mom as a gift!  She is also a big fan of these rav's but won't venture to Philly to get them so they make a perfect give.  Whenever in Philly during the day will always stop here for some to go.  And the man is super friendly and helpful.   I am going to take a yelpers advice and each time i go from now on I will try something new.  But can assure you will still leave with cheese rav's and marinara.   Top notch:)Superior pasta is right. The tomato and basil and garlic and herb are to die for! They also had vegan options!!Excellent pasta! Meatballs are extremely flavorful and our son loves them. Great people and great products!Our diet has changed so we have been seeking out more vegetarian/vegan friendly choices.
We stopped in to see if they had fresh whole wheat pasta available. They did and could cut it into spaghetti, fettuccine or angel hair. We went with the spaghetti.
We also grabbed the vegetable lasagne to try.
Last night, we cooked the pasta and it was OH MY HIGHER POWER delicious. Better for us with no loss of savory flavor due to whole wheat. Two thumbs up, way up.
We will be back for more!Whenever I come back to Philadelphia from New York, I always stock up at this place. Looks like a hole in the wall but has the old philly italian market charm. The pasta is delicious. I would recommend the frozen marinara sauce, the raviolis, or the pre-made dinners (ziti/lasagna/etc.) Prices are very good. The pre-made dinners are restaurant quality, can serve 2 people, and cost 5 for ~$50.This is another south philly gem. I go here for fresh pasta and it is wonderful. They cut to order and have options such as squid ink, tomato basil, plain and more. They will cut angel hair, fettuccine, linguini even. The owner is the nicest man. Last time I got the lobster ravioli and made a simple sauté of baby shrimp with butter, olive oil, garlic and fresh parsley on top. It was awesome. Raviolis of all kinds are available. I love the porcini mushroom, lobster, cheese. Heck I haven't had one I don't love. Then as a treat I always get a chocolate biscotti as I'm getting ready to leave. A simple shop with delicious pasta.My husband and I stumbled across this little shop after eating Sunday brunch at Sabrina's. The owner is so sweet and always has great suggestions. We are far from Italian, but always feel like family when we visit. :)We just returned home (Murrysville, PA) with a huge cooler full of Superior Pasta products. Mostly frozen Ravioli, 8 different kinds, sauces, meatballs, gnocci. Yummy! 
The pastas are freshly made, interesting choices and are available almost all of the time. You can discuss food and cooking techniques with the owner because he really cares. Interact and you will end up with a better experience and a better dinner. 
Portion control is just right for the two of us. Twelve ravioli yields six for each of us.
A few minutes to make the right sauce, boil some water... and have a glass of wine.
Dinner is ready. 
No last minute trips to the grocery store for some frozen, factory whatever. We make the choice from our own freezer, and it is always good. Always "Superior" is another way to express our feelings.
We can also order for home delivery. Our preference is to visit the store because there are often new things we did not know about, and we love the discussions we always have. If you live very far away (more than our 350 mile trip), get on the phone, and in a few days you will feel "Superior" too.
Don't just buy the ravioli. That was our error in the past. Each time you visit, try something you never had before. That's the discovery process.
UPDATE 9/4  Enjoyed our frozen eggplant parmesian. Very good! Wow!
Superior Pasta is a fun place. Superior Pasta is a delicious place. 
Enjoy!This is my one-stop shop for homemade pasta. The cost per pound is more than boxed supermarket pasta so it is a real treat when I go. 
I'm not picky on the cut- they offer Fettuccini, Linguini, Spaghetti or Capellini and they are all good. I believe they only offer linguini or fettucini for the fresh cut flavor pasta. Now the flavor pasta is something special. I usually buy a pound of each and mix it together when putting together dinner. My favorites would probably be the hot pepper, tomato & basil and spinach. They blend so wonderfully together and with the plain. 
I always pick up a Marinara and a Pesto while I'm there. I'll add it to the pasta dish with a 75% marinara to 25% pesto ratio. 
I prefer to cook it fresh the day of purchase but is totally fine and still tasty after being frozen and defrosted. 
Mamma mia- perfecto!Amazing, fresh pasta - authentic, down-to-earth, and the owner is extremely helpful and friendly. Definitely recommend for the foodie, anyone wanting to pick up some quality handmade pasta for a dinner, or if you're simply in the area. Definitely a historical gem of an establishment in Italian market.I appreciate the variety of having vegan/ vegetarian options. 
Purchased a frozen eggplant parm, that I had to microwave in the hotel, and fresh pasta I took back to NY. 
The food was tasty, though nothing too spectacular, however given my 15 mike walk with the food, I'd say it held up well, and even though the egg- plant Parmesan was microwaved, I had no immediate issues with it in fact my boyfriend and I ate the entire tin in about 10 minutes. 
Cute shop, pleasant owners however I probably wouldn't trek out for this place in particular. 
Solid 3.5 starsThis pasta is the siren song that will bring me back (OK - and my cute friend John) to Philadelphia time after time.  We stopped by the Italian Market for breakfast, and came out loaded down with cheese, pastries and fig jam from the various shops, and best of all - pasta from Superior Pasta.  We brought home 4 different kinds of ravioli as well as gnocchi, and truthfully I"d be hard-pressed to pick a favorite ONE.  I just had the goat cheese ravioli which makes my taste buds sing, but so far they all have!  Looking forward to trying the diablo sauce on my next foray to Philly for replenishment.  Yummm...Joe (the owner) is about as nice a person as you can find, his family works there and are great too, and the Pasta is as good as they are. Some of the best ravioli I have ever had. This is true restaurant quality pasta, and I'm talking about excellent restaurants. Better than anything in the markets.Super fresh and super yum. The owner and staff are friendly and welcoming as well. Brought back memories from my childhood. They've got some pretty delish chocolate dipped biscotti too. Garlic and shrimp stuffed ravioli is a must buy! We can't wait to visit again and splurge!!There is a slight caveat here, and that is that I am a vegan and I am rating 5 stars for their selection of excellent vegan food.
The other thing I should mention is that I'm not even crazy about Italian food; it's just not my thing.
The three cheese vegan ravioli was really a pleasure. As a vegan, it is obviously a rare treat for me to get to eat ravioli! The Taste and texture were as I remembered and the treat of "ravioli comfort" was delightfully fulfilling.
I had never had Italian sausage scallopini before I became vegan so I can't say how authentic it is. However, the spices and texture of the sausage immediately reminded me of Italian sausage I had had in my youth. While this is not something I would normally love, what struck me was the mixture of spices and the flavoring which just shouted "classic Italian"!
Next came the Italian meatballs which were delicious! Typically I buy the Trader Joe's meatballs more for texture than for flavor, but I can see that here the flavor shines as well as the texture. Again, this just screams "real Italian food".
...And I guess that shouldn't surprise me. This store has been in business since 1948 in the Italian market. They ought to know what "real Italian" tastes like and they've obviously used their knowledge and skill to make extremely authentic vegan products.One of my previous reviews was about another shop in the Italian Market that is keeping me alive during these unprecedented times so I need to write another about Superior because when I'm not stuffing my face with chips, I'm shoveling fresh pasta down my throat. All things considered, I should be be severely overweight.
The best thing about fresh pasta is that it takes like 30 seconds to cook (okay maybe 2 min if it's frozen - which it comes as). They have a multitude of sauces ranging from marinara to vodka sauce, Alfredo, mushroom, pesto - you name it, they have it. They have vegan pasta and sauces as well. I always grab a little bag of grated parm to top off my pasta (also to hit the $10 credit card minimum sometimes). My favorite is the tortellini, but that would be my fav anywhere. 
They are on Mercato, and you can go in person. They only allow one person in at a time now so you'll have to wait because I'll probs already be in there!Long overdue review for a gem of a neighborhood institution. 
Do you need lovingly made fresh pasta cut any which way you would like, with helpful cooking instructions and delicious sauce to go with? 
Do you need vegan meatballs that are so well seasoned and textured that you do not feel deprived? Or vegan ravioli? 
How about stocking up your freezer with goodies like chicken parm or baked ziti made like a grandma makes them? 
This is your place!Amazing customer service helped me out with how many pounds of pasta to feed my family. Amazing selection and great tasting. Will definitely be going back.I came here and bought the freshly made ravioli!! It was delicious. It took longer to cook than the instructions though so be mindful of that! I will definitely be returning the next time I'm craving some pasta.I loooove superior pasta company!! So far my favorite is the mushroom ravioli with the porcini mushroom sauce. The sauce is so good, I could drink it or eat it like soup. I just tried the goat cheese ravioli with the mushroom red sauce. Yum yum yum! I also tried the fresh whole wheat pasta (fettuccine) with the mushroom sauce. Delicious! The prices are very reasonable. I will only get my pasta from here. Plus, the people that work there are very nice. The man behind the counter made sure to tell me to reduce the heat when boiling the goat cheese ravioli to make sure the goat cheese stays inside the ravioli. My mouth is watering as I write this review. Go try it!Yum yum yum! Stopped here on sunday and got a small container of their meat sauce, package of meat tortellini and a bag of their meatballs all for $18! Oh and got some turkey sausage down the street (i like meat if it wasnt painfully obvious) browned it up and pretended i slaved away all day at this perfect little sunday dinner. Next time i dont feel like cooking or want to have a bunch of people over im def swinging by here!I recently ordered a bunch of vegan dishes from Superior Pasta Company for shipment out to California. Thus far, I've tried the vegan baked ziti, and the vegan sausage scallopini. The baked ziti is excellent, and I cannot tell the difference between this vegan version and my best non-vegan versions from my past life. The sausage scallopini was really tasty as well. Superior got the sauce and texture of these dishes precisely right. It would be great if they maintained this line of vegan pasta offerings. I wish I still lived in Philadelphia so that I wouldn't have to ship this stuff to San Diego!Incredible pasta and sauces at reasonable prices!  The pasta comes in several flavors (the garlic herb is one of my favorites) and they will cut it to the size you want right in front of you (spaghetti, fettuccine, linguine, etc.).  The ricotta gnocchi is good too, and their homemade pasta sauces are incredible.  Everything is super fresh and the employees are very helpful!So like many gems in this city, after nine years living In Phila, I had yet to make it into Superior. Today was the day and I'm glad I finally did. 
I came into the shop looking for a red gravy ( sauce ) for some meatball hoagies that I had planed on making for lunch. I was not disappointed. I picked up a very tasty marinara that was reasonably priced. 
Also, the man who rung me up was very nice. I didn't get a chance to ask him his name but I assumed he was the owner. 
It should be noted that the shop also carries a variety of pasta, other gravy's ( sauces) and pre made meals. I look forward to trying the other items they offer.What do you get "the person who has everything" for Christmas? Fresh pasta and gravies from Superior Pasta Co! My family has been gifting these superior pastas for many years. We have tried it all, and all of it is perfection! Their customer service is also superior! You can't go wrong here!Superior is my number one place in Philly to go to when I want to buy fresh cut pasta - linguine, fettucini, you name it. Their pasta cooks in about 2 minutes and tastes heavenly. Once you have their pasta, you'll dread ever buying the boxed stuff again. They make the pasta in multiple ways, spinach, garlic, whole wheat and more to please most palates. 
The man that owns this place is so friendly and helpful - always ready to offer a tip or suggestion for what sauce to make or size pasta to buy. 
I haven't bought their homemade meals yet, but I have bought their marinara before and white clam sauce. Their white clam sauce is the closest thing I ever came to tasting the real thing (buying the clams, shucking them, etc.). 
They also seem to stay open later than the other places down in the market - Tallutos, etc. Their prices seem to be better than Tallutos too.  I aways feel good giving this place my business - you should too!Really delicious spinach ravioli, pillow soft with spinach and ricotta filling.  I think it was $7.99 for 12.  They have tons of vegetarian ravioli options including goat cheese, 3 cheese, etc.  We spoke to the man behind the counter, I think the owner, and he was just too sweet.  They make fresh pasta onsite and cut pasta to order ($3.99/lb).  I will definitely be back to try some spaghetti and fettuccine, they even make spicy pasta!   They also make sauces which I also can't wait to try.Finally tried Superior 3/24/18 after overhearing a co-worker mention a great, hand-made pasta place in Philly.  Picked up a couple of different fresh pastas, ravioli, and sauce.  The owner could not have been more gracious and helpful to me, a true novice when it comes to Italian food.  What I have tried so far has been outstanding in flavor and quality  I hope I can find something like Superior in the Houston area!Solid.
I love the homemade pasta and it only takes 2 minutes to make!!! The red sauce is a little water downed for my taste- but I will def. come back to buy the pasta!!An amazing store with a nice selection 
They are small and manage the amount of people that can be in the store at one time 
Nice selection but get there and buy early as it may sell out of your favorite