Sweet Box is my favorite cupcake place in the city. They catered a few events I've been to plus their food truck tends to make an appearance at many festivals. The icing is perfect and I love the cakes. It is on the pricier side, but I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a good cupcake in the city!Tad pricey, but worth it. In 2017, best cupcakes in the city.
I only wish there was a better way to find out what flavors they had before you get there. I have never been able to get them to answering the phone.Really good pumpkin chocolate chip cupcakes and customer service (they comped us on a cupcake after my son dropped his on the ground trying to cut it in half). They also recommended the pumpkin cupcake and it was fabulous. Very moist and tasty. The chocolate cupcake we tried (not the one that fell) was decent as well, but the pumpkin ones are the way to go.We tried the black and white milkshake cupcake and it was good, but not one of my top cupcakes by any means. Perhaps we will try the cookie dough next time, that looked promising!Stopped by this place on our way to Mixto restaurant. Tried the cookies in the paper bag, brownie, and cupcakes. Let's start with the cookies. Where was the butter and golden brown color?These chocolate chip cookies were white. White. And tasted like nothing. I strongly believe it was a mistake batch meaning they forgot to add butter. The brownie was HUGE and once we ate it, it looked undercooked and did not taste good. The cupcakes were good. $4 each good? No way. My suggestion is to stick to just selling  cupcakes and come down on price AT LEAST .50 cent. $3.50 per cupcakes sounds better then $4. The size and taste is NOT worth $4, sorry.Delicious! Funfetti and strawberry champagne are the best! We got two dozen for my birthday, and everyone got to pick their favorite flavor. Awesome! The cupcakes are huge, they are expensive, but worth the price. Unlike a lot of food trucks that sell cupcakes, sweet box is always moist and delicious. Glad to see they have a brick-and-mortar now. We will be backHad Sweet Box Capcakes for the very 1st time today - - woo-hoo! Me, along with 30 other co-workers were treated to this yummy delight --  I had the strawberry champagne cupcake - -heavenly!!Holy Toledo! These cupcakes are absolutely AMAZING!!!
I've had them multiple times, but last week we got some during the Chinatown Night Market. We grabbed a four pack: pumpkin chocolate chip, red velvet, apple strudle, and salted carmel chocolate. They were so moist, the cake was full of flavor, and the frosting was to die for!!
If you see this truck around, you have to stop and grab a cupcake or 6!I would like to amend my review. I was contacted by someone from Sweet Box very shortly after posting my sad review about the store being closed and they were extremely apologetic, professional, and courteous. They offered me a half dozen cupcakes on them which was beyond sweet and unexpected. 
I really appreciate that they took the time and effort to mend our relationship. I am once again, in love with Sweet Box cupcakes.The cupcake was good, but when I went there I really had my mind set on getting that Cookie dough cupcake that received such good ratings. I was sad that it wasn't available!Hands down the best cupcakes in Philly! Ordered cake batter, brown sugar cookie dough, carrot cake and cinnamon bun. Hard to say which one is my favorite since they are all delicious and very unique. The brown sugar cookie dough is beyond delicious if you love cookie dough. Cake is extremely moist, huge chunk of cookie dough on top followed by this tasty brown sugar frosting. I love that they are not skimpy on the frosting! The carrot cake cupcake was the best carrot cake I think I've ever had, highly recommend. The cake batter was this perfectly moist confetti cake, cake batter filling, finally topped with buttercream frosting and sprinkles. Your inner child will love this cake. They are a little pricey but worth the treat. If you love cupcakes/cakes, this place needs to be at the top of your list ASAP!!I love sweet box. Loved it before the storefront open! The strawberry champagne cupcakes are to die forI've been on the fence about the whole edible cookie dough thing. Don't get me wrong, I love cookie dough. When I make cookies, I eat as much dough as I bake. But for some reason when it came to trendy edible cookie dough I was a little skeptical. BOY WAS I WRONG. 
The campfire cookie dough with fluff, torched marshmallows, graham cracker and chocolate chips was NEXT LEVEL. Because edible cookie dough is served in a cup with a spoon and eats almost like a room temp ice cream, the best marker to judge this by is base:mix in ratio and this place nailed it. They did not skimp on high quality mix ins. Each bite was a full swirl of fluff and multiple chocolate chips. I'm in heaven. I will dream about this cookie dough. Run don't walk, I'm serious.Sweetbox has the perfect blend of moist delicious cake and the best sweet icing just enough.  The decadent chocolate ganache cake is a chocolaty heaven.  To top it off the owner is the sweetest person.  A must try cupcakes might be trendy but delicious consistent ones are timeless and well worth it!They have amazing cupcakes I had their red velvet, blue velvet , milkshake ,gnocchi, and champagne they all where moist and fresh the icing  wasn't to sweet and the actual  bakery was decorated so nice in the inside they are  kind of high for cupcakes but they are a little bigger than your average cupcakeI live in New York and had cupcakes delivered to my best friend which he was very satisfied with! But my first time using Caviar was horrible, the driver was extremely rude and claimed he delivered my order and did not. The owner and Kirsten were extremely helpful at getting everything resolved and my order was redelivered and actually arrived! Would highly recommend delivering goods to friends and family as a sweet treat for special occasions! Sweet Box two thumbs up! Caviar receives two thumbs down!I am in the fortunate (yay, cupcakes) and unfortunate (yikes, expensive and fatty) position of working a 2 minute walk from Love Park, where Sweet Box is often found. I've tried many different flavors and am yet to taste one that isn't delicious (though beware, the "Hot Cocoa" is flavored with hot pepper. I didn't realize that!) They definitely win for most moist cupcake and with the best variety of flavors I've seen in the cupcake truck scene. 
And OMG, the ICING. It's amazing. I eat it last because it's that good.
One star lost because it is a little pricey. But watch their FB page because sometimes there's coupons!After seeing posts about Sweet Box all over social media, I decided to stop in. The lady behind the register was very nice and helpful. It's a small place, but they still had a nice selection. We got a bunch of stuff. I loved the strawberry and champagne cupcake and the chocolate chip cookies. Everything was fairly priced for the large sizes you are getting.The sweet treats are as delicious as they look! No disappointments here. .Thank you GretchenI had the funfetti cupcake that my friends Steve & Jes brought us. O-M-G!!!! Soooo good!! I'm not sure if they make all their cupcakes with this icing; if not, they should! I usually HATE icing so badly, I scrape it all off. This icing, I could eat it like a bowl of ice cream with a large spoon in one sitting. I cannot wait to make it to philly to get some more, or at one of their food truck events, that I often see. Pure perfection! Oh! And I should mention that the cupcake I had was like 3 days old, sitting in the frig & it was still literally friggin beyond amazing.Stopped here just for the cookie dough! Been dying to try after they started making it there since aren't many place to get raw cookie dough. It was $5 for a small cup... a little on the pricey side for the size but it's still delicious. It is slightly sweeter than I would like but overall the texture and taste is good. So if you need to satisfy that craving definitely recommend it :)Definitely a 5 star for this popular cupcake truck! I never had a dry cupcake from her and I've eaten quite a few (body suffers from this lol) frostings are whipped an creamy my favorite way! My all time fave is the "Hot cocoa"! Keep up the good work Sweetbox. See ya soon :)Tried vanilla vanilla. Cake was moist but thick and bit grainy. Icing was made of vanilla buttercream, which was too much for the amount of cake. the price is a bit on high side.Absolutely delicious! My fiancé loves cupcakes, but likes to play it safe with vanilla and chocolate so I snuck in some red velvet for me. I also grabbed the chocolate chip crumb cake before I walked out and I stand by it as one of the best decisions I've ever made. Definitely recommend... As soon as I make it back to Philly, I'll be in line for some of their more "adventurous" flavors.Great cupcakes (especially the pumpkin chocolate chip), banana pudding, and gingerbread cookies make this a wonderful place for your carb fix. Friendly owners and employees!The cupcakes were an absolute delight.  The simple vanilla was my favorite, but all were good.  So much flavor and a wonderful texture.  We stayed nearby when visiting Philadelphia and watched the baker (and owner I assume) start her day making fresh cupcakes early in the morning, and then pretty much selling them out as she closed up end of day.  Ingredients were top quality.  My highest recommendation.Now Sweet Box Cupcakes has a storefront! Make sure to try their yummy strawberry champagne cupcakes and the pumpkin chocolate chip ones later in the year. They are open on Tuesday through Sunday from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.I've heard of this cupcake food truck craze but never got to actually try it until I was strolling down 13th Street and saw the store. I was scrounging up my loose dollar bills and change because I hardly carry cash. Let's just say I only had enough for 3 cupcakes but I wanted more...what can I say? I love cupcakes! 
The boyfriend ate one so I don't even know how that tasted but it must have been good cause he just shoveled it in his mouth. I had the chocolate and banana and boy did I fall in love! The quality and taste was so distinctive that I would be able to differentiate it between Philly Cupcake and Buttercream Cupcake Truck. I absolutely enjoyed every morsel that I may have been caught licking the wrappers as I walked through the Gayborhood..how embarrassing!!! Ohh well, I did not regret it.The cupcake milkshake was excellent, it had a nice chocolatey ganache with a moist bottom. The counter help was a bit indifferent and didn't seem like she wanted to help, but good thing cupcake was so good.Delicioussss red velvet cupcake! The cake is very soft and fresh, and the cream cheese frosting was absolutely perfect (sweet but not too sweet and delicately soft). It might actually be the best red velvet cupcake I've ever had.I love this little cupcake shop!!! Their chocolate ganache is to die for!! Definitely recommend this place! Everyone is so friendly especially one of the workers I don't remember her name but she was short! She always helps me pick out different stuff to try! Any of their cupcakes is worth trying.I am a sweet tooth with feet. I love dessert, more than the meal. And even though we eat out in Center City, a lot, we hardly ever get dessert because all of the wonderful restaurants, with their awesome chefs, and incredible meals, suck like box fans when it comes to their dessert menus. 
So last night, after an wonderfully, delicious, satisfying meal, before the server came back to ask about dessert, I Google map searched for nearby dessert. There where tons of other restaurants where I know dessert is underwhelming, and Insomnia Cookies (LOL) then this place. 
It was only a 5 minute walk from where we were to Sweet Box and we'd been down that block 100 times but never noticed the place, but in we went and boy were we glad.
I got the impression the 2 women behind the counter owned the place. The woman waiting on us, was nice, but coulda have been friendlier. The cupcakes are $4 each or 4 for $15. She mentioned the price several times, in awkward ways. We got the impression that she thought we couldn't or wouldn't want to afford it? Perhaps people balk and she just wanted to make sure? Anyway, that was slightly off putting but we'd still go back. 
Back home with our 4 cupcakes, we ate the bDay cake ones first.  Hot deeeeeyam. The cake part was moist and flavorful and the inch high layer of frosting was perfect. The Apple pie cupcake had a big struessal crust that overhung the cake, and then that was topped with, yes, and inch of frosting with crunch topping. The cake part had an Apple pie filling center. I loved this one most. I didn't taste my husband's black/white milkshake one for fear of losing a finger, but he assured me it was "decent" which to him is "super tremendous."
As we'd have paid four bucks in the restaurant for a sliver of cake with a pretty sauce swirl drawn on the plate, I don't see the cost as too much. We'll definitely gonna be back.ODE TO A CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE DOUGH CUPCAKE
I'm a cookie dough addict, straight up. Chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream is a staple in my diet. 
That said, just as I was about to go on lunch break today, Sweetbox uploaded this picture of the most beautiful black, white, and tan thing I've ever laid eyes on. http://instagr.am/p/Lfz_jBmbsd/ Without even reading the description, I bolted to Love Park.
Fast forward 20 minutes, and I'm back at work, patiently (NOT AT ALL) eating my sandwich while gazing at the beauteous cupcake (because I'm a lady, and ladies wolf down our main courses before digging into dessert.) I begin by separating the top from the bottom, as is my custom. I take a tentative taste of the icing--vanilla. I then try the cake--also vanilla. I start to feel a little cheated--is this just a vanilla/vanilla cupcake with some chocolate chips thrown on top and a cute little cookie garnish? A little disappointed, I finish up the bottom part and move on to the top. Then, I note something under the top. It's mushy, tan, with black chips...
OMG FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT GOOD AND CHOCOLATEY--THERE'S A BIG GLOB OF COOKIE DOUGH WEDGED IN THE CUPCAKE.
I don't understand how it's possible. Wouldn't it bake in the oven? DOES THIS NOT VIOLATE ONE OR ALL OF EINSTEIN'S THEORIES?!?! Oh, who cares, because the fact is there is gooey cookie dough, of the same ilk as that which you dipped your fingers into when your mother wasn't watching and hoped to whatever holy baking entity you worship that you didn't get salmonella from. Not the fake stuff that you find in chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream (though as mentioned previously, that doesn't stop me from eating it.) No, this is REAL COOKIE DOUGH. IN A CUPCAKE.
MIND = BLOWN.In the midst of a hectic day, my coworker and I took a long stroll over to Sweet Box in the gorgeous weather to shake off our cubicle blues.  We were in search of some delicious cupcakes and boy did we find them.  
We got the chocolate ganache, the vanilla vanilla, the pink lemonade and the strawberries and champagne.  Splitting them with our coworkers, we sampled the 4 and our assessment was that we have discovered some serious cupcakes.  All were light in cake texture and in icing.  The chocolate ganache was the least fav, but it still was a solid cupcake.  My favorite was the pink lemonade surprisingly. It was light, but with the perfect smack of citrus.  The champagne icing on the strawberry cupcake was different, but I loved it.  You can definitely taste the champagne.  The vanilla tasted like your grandmother's baking, which is not easy to accomplish in a bakery.
All in all,  Sweet Box is a contender for best cupcakes in Philly.My favorite cupcake place in Philadelphia! Not only do they taste great but they look great!
The cake is moist and not too sweet. The variety of flavors is fun to eat! My favorite flavor is the strawberry champagne. We get them for birthday parties and showers.Vegan options that taste amazing!!!! Awesome hazelnut praline chocolate cupcake and now they have vegan oatmeal raisin cookies!!! My favorite is the vegan chocolate mint cupcake!One day I will go in and buy every single chocolate ganache cupcake and devour them all at once. Never had a better chocolate cupcake anywhere!Sweet Box has excellent cupcakes. They are by far the best I have tried in the area. The cup cakes are not overly sweet and the cake is moist. The icing is made with butter cream or cream cheese and is really great. Sweet Box uses the right ratio to icing and cake also. 
Some of my favorites are sweet potato pie, red velvet and peanut butter. I really don't think you can go wrong with any of the cupcakes at Sweet Box!My fiancée and I love coming here. The smell, sight, and varieties are so enticing I usually want everything.  What differentiates Sweet Box is their ability to perfect icing and cake. Too often places do one well and not the other. If you don't like cupcakes, their other baked goods are delicious as well! Favs include chocolate peanut butter, lemon, vanilla vanilla and even Irish Potato. Yum, I'm hungry.Sweet box cupcake fits the mark of a 5 star review.  Many of you wrote about not having a website and menu well that's impossible as the innovative flavors change daily.  The owner is a great person and baker.  She is friendly and addresses everyone who enters.  I feel like I have tasted them all from cupcakes to cakes to specialty bars and cookies.  They will make whatever flavor you want with whatever icing choice you make.   I love the chocolate chip cake with chocolate icing.  This is my favorite.  The cake is always moist and fresh.  There is a generous dollop of icing and the cakes are always decorated with seasonal colors and flair.  This is a classic cupcake bakery !  Yelpers who were looking for a Brooklyn bakery that serves strange combination flavors and hipster cakes keep moving.  These are good wholesome classic cakes that are baked fresh and perfectly every time.  I was just in there yesterday as we had to go to a party and needed a hostess gift.  The cupcakes were an instant hit and of course everyone in NJ needed to know the address and location.  These cupcakes stood the test of time over much more expensive crumbs, why you say? It's because each cupcake and bakery product is made with standards and love.  If you want great cupcakes with great toppings that are guaranteed fresh this must be your next stop.Amazing variety of baked goods! The cupcakes are awesome but I highly encourage you to try other things - the cookie dough bar and raspberry bar are UNREAL. The people who work there are nice too! But.. it is a little pricey... but, let's be honest, quite worth it.The best treats in the city!!! Here all the time , the staff is always so friendly and helpful. Christmas Eve there was only one woman working in the store and she took the time to make a Christmas basket with assorted goods! It was gorgeous and everything is delicious!  Highly recommend to all!Utter perfection! Whenever I'm traveling or exploring locally, I try as many different bakeries as I can and always sample their cupcakes too. By far this place has been the best. I had the chocolate peanut butter cupcake, and the chocolate cake part was intensely cocoa-y and rich/dark, moist and held together. The frosting was absolutely amazing too. Fluffy, whipped and light, with a hint of cream cheese and a delicious, smooth peanut butter taste. The texture, flavor, and decadence was just spot on.
I also tried two of their cake donuts (chocolate salted caramel & oreo chocolate), all of which are baked (not fried) - but you wouldn't tell the difference. Equally perfect. Similar intense chocolate cake, in addition to a ganache-type frosting, as opposed to the grossly candy-sweet chalky frosting you usually get on donuts. The ganache was rich and chocolate-y, not overly sweet, and creamy - perfect drizzled w/ the salted caramel. Solid, but melt-in-your-mouth once you eat it. Oreo frosting was a bit sweeter, but it's an oreo donut. 
I think what really makes the difference is the quality of the cake (and the construction of the frosting) - just a very deep, high-quality dark chocolate cocoa taste that differentiates this place from others. Second is that their products aren't overly sweet and have the perfect level of richness/creaminess + texture.I'm a cupcake lover. I can skip over other desserts but a mini cake all for myself is not something I can say no to. I had these cupcakes on 2 occasions and was utterly in love both times. They are the perfect blend of sweet but not too sweet and really really delicious icing. The red velvet is amazing, my favorite. I'll be tracking them down when I'm in philly again.BEST cupcakes in the city.  At any food truck festival I go to, this is my MUST go to spot.  If i'm lucky enough to make it home from work on time, I rush over too to get their cupcakes. they're so moist and the fun flavors are delicious too!! LOVE!They were at the Science Festival Carnival this weekend and I splurged and got the strawberry cupcake with champagne infused buttercream.  Worth the $3!Finally, a brick and mortar location for the Sweet Box truck!  
I was able to try a bite of four different cupcakes that I grabbed to split  with a few girls at work.  We had the orange creamsicle, red velvet, chocolate peanut butter, and strawberries and champagne.  Each one was delicious, but my favorite was by far the creamsicle.  It had the perfect balance of vanilla and orange flavor with neither becoming dominant at any point.  It also had the best cake texture, light and spongey, and the frosting was fluffy and perfectly sweetened.  I have had the strawberries and champagne cupcake from the truck before and remember loving it, however this time the cupcake was really dense and kind of dry, which I can only assume means it wasn't the freshest, but it was still very enjoyable.  In addition to the cupcakes I got, they had a few other flavors in stock, including one vegan option, and a cupcake that was flavored with beer!  
The cupcakes are $3.50 each or 4 for $13, which is pretty on par with the pricing at other cupcake shops in the area.  With this not too far from my house, I can see that I'm going to have to spend extra time working out to make up for all the cupcakes I see in my future!PRICES
Cupcakes $4 to $4.50 (four for $15, six for $23)
These are the prices from their menu. It happens that the price for 4 is cheaper than the price for 6. I brought it to their attention. The first excuse was and I quote "well it turns out to be the same thing." I said " no because per unit for 4 is $3.75 and the per unit for 6 is $3.83. Then the excuse was "well we just raised the prices and it is $16 for 4" I mentioned they should update their website and I walked out. 
It was based on principle. Instead of either apologizing or trying to accommodate the customer, it was just excuses. 
I walked from Rittenhouse which would be nothing for most but I am dealing with leukemia and it was a hike for me. I wanted to get something special for my friend's birthday since she and others have been so good to me. 
Accuracy and accountability seem to be optional these days.I died and went to heaven taste so good  received a cake for  my  birthday and enjoyed so much thank you GretchenTantalizing aromas as soon as you go in the door  Phenom selection, made fresh on premises -  treat yourself.  Aren't you worth it?Great bakery...wow everything so huge and yummy looking ..very clean ..tremendous selection..very reasonable prices..
Ms Owner was so gracious and friendly.
Quality abounds...definitely worth a trip  or GrubHub etc  ..thanks so muchSome of the BEST cupcakes in the city. Lots of different flavors and you can never be disappointed. My favorite is the Very Vanilla Oreo. It tastes just like a Golden Oreo but better. 
There are lots of unique flavors but also traditionals and all are soooo good! Love sweet box!Oh em gee...these cupcakes are seriously out of this world!! I'm not one who really cares too much for desserts and these cupcakes are sickeningly sweet so the fact that I am absolutely obsessed with them speaks to how delicious they are. 
Icing on cupcakes can be hard to do but every flavor I have had here has been phenomenal. They make really cool combinations too, like strawberries & champagne, red velvet Oreo, brown sugar cookie dough, brownie batter, black &white milkshake. Their more traditional flavors are amazing too-vanilla, chocolate, cake batter, carrot cake and red velvet were all worthy of raving over. 
My only issues with this place are nothing to do with the delicious food itself. The hours are a bit irritating 10-7, so you can't pick things up on your way into work and if you try after work a lot of the time they're sold out. The staff is friendly but not particularly helpful, for example when I ask for recommendations they never provide much feedback. I also wish they could list the cupcakes of the day on their website and update daily so you could check ahead of time. 
If you want a cute and delicious dessert this is your place to go. I have even flown them home to Florida with me multiple times to treat my family!!I read the reviews and had to try this place. It is off the beaten path for the "tourist" but the neighborhood is in a nice location. The store front is cute and the desserts are displayed in an attractive manner. I wanted to try a lot of things offered but decided on the strawberry champagne cupcake. It has a very appealing presentation and the actual cake was moist. Again like almost all the bakeries they put too much icing on top and it just isn't enjoyable. The icing was flavorful but I'm more of the cake person than the sugar aholic. The icing had shaved white chocolate on top which added great flavor. Overall it was an enjoyable dessert but I would not purchase the same item again.I ordered a dozen and a half of these cupcakes a week or so ago for a friends 30th birthday party.  They were a huge hit!  I got a nice variety of flavors.  Everyone commented on how great they were.  I will definitely use Sweet Box again soon! They were delicious!This place is great! The cupcakes are very large (perfect for sharing!) and soft.  Not dry whatsoever!  They pay so much attention to detail and I love that they even take the time to create a specific frosting for each cupcake flavor unlike so many other places who have one frosting used on every type.  We bought a half dozen last weekend to bring to a family members house and they were gone so quick!I used to be a big fan of the cupcakes at Naked Chocolate, the one on Walnut Street. Then something happened -- change of ownership, mission creep, I don't know -- and the cupcakes got bigger. Much, much bigger. They also got less tasty and slightly more garish. I was sad. I stopped getting cupcakes. 
But now there are no complaints here, because now I can save up all my cupcake energy for Sweet Box. I appreciate the slightly more petite size, because they are packed with proper flavors. No powdered-sugar taste in the frosting, just a rich creaminess that is harder to get, but so worth it! They are also more complex than the average cupcake. Often it's just one note, sweet + fat. These are more delicate, more interesting -- and like I said, the perfect size. 
My only complaint is that they don't set up often enough! 38th and Walnut, please?The cupcakes are very good. We tried the chocolate ganache, birthday, red velvet & strawberry champagne. They come in a lovely box, however, I would caution others to go and pick them up rather than using a delivery service. We used UberEats & our cupcakes were all tossed about upon arrival . They still tasted great, but I bet they would have looked real pretty too.Went down to the night market tonight mainly to try out these cupcakes and boy oh boy are they amazing!!!!  I think these are THE best in Philly hands down...super moist, perfect size and a real treat!
Run don't walk to this truck!I love Sweet Box's cupcakes!  My co-worker generously brought some into the office for a working lunch.  Everyone raved about how tasty and moist the cupcakes were.  I tried the chocolate ganche and plan vanilla and loved both of them.  
I think they might've beaten my favorite bakery in Drexel Hill, Sophisticakes!I stopped at the Sweet Box truck earlier today and got a chocolate vanilla cupcake; a yummy chocolate cupcake with vanilla buttercream frosting. The cake was moist and delicious, but the frosting was a touch soft for my taste which made it a bit messy to eat. That said, it was really tasty noms and I'd definitely go back again.Found the truck at Love Park. Tried the chocolate ganache cupcake. Delicious, moist and pretty to look at. Took back the Red Velvet for hubby. He liked it although he did wish that it came with cream cheese frosting instead of butter cream.Normally I would give Sweet Box a 5 because their cupcakes are absolutely to die for. Definitely my favorite in the city. 
I wanted to bring a dozen cupcakes as a gift for a friend so I figured where else would I go besides Sweet Box? Nowhere. However, today I trekked to Sweet Box to only arrive at a completely closed store despite it being within the hours of operation. 
Hot, sweaty, and frustrated from my walk to only be left cupcakeless. Next time I guess I'll call first.Excellent cupcakes. 
The key is frosting, which is often very easy to mess up. Can't be too overly sweet, can't be too bland. And MUST be light and fluffy...at least in my book.
Sweet Box Cupcakes was all of that at the Vendy Awards. Moist cake, light buttercream, not too sweet. Loved their chocolate mint and PB&J cupcake! I am now craving for more!I don't know how else to say this. How can I make it clear this is not mere hyperbole? I'll just come out with it. The Yard's Brawler Toffee Crunch cupcake I purchased from Sweet Box today is without a doubt the best cupcake I can remember eating, ever.
I've been let down by so many other bakeries. But the combination of beer in the cake batter and crunchy toffee involves two of my favorite things, so I put aside my skepticism and misgivings and joined my companions in patronizing the Sweet Box food truck at Mt. Airy Street Fare.
The cupcakes are modest in size and cost $3 each. I would gladly pay that again, knowing the level of quality. My cupcake was moist and fresh. I bit in and experienced the soft yieldingness of the cake, the light sweetness of the icing, the crunch and butteriness of the toffee. The cake, to my surprise, was chocolate-flavored in addition to being flavored with beer. I normally do not like chocolate cake and don't order it. (I'm weird, I know.) Well, this cake tasted amazing. They are clearly using very high-quality chocolate here.
The cupcake reminded me a bit of European sweets in that it was not overly sweet.
I've tried so many cupcakes at different bakeries over the years and always there was something out of whack. Too sweet, too dry, too much icing, etc. This cupcake I ate today was absolute cupcake perfection. Sweet Box is setting the standard.The owner down here was extremely kind when I called with a few questions regarding her cupcake shop- I would recommend this bakery to anyone in the area!!!Sweet Box Cupcakes has won my personal version of Philadelphia cupcake wars.
I love cupcakes and have tried many cupcake bakeries. I always start off with the red velvet because that is my litmus test of how good a bakery is since it's pretty standard. I hunted down the Sweet Box store front on S 13th St to give it a try. I managed to get the last red velvet that day and carried it away in a Chinese take out container. I held back my urge to eat it immediately. When I got home I treated myself with probably the most delicious red velvet I have EVER had. The cake was moist (but not sticky) and had a great flavor. The cream cheese icing was the proper consistency and wasn't overpoweringly sweet. The cupcake had a good icing to cake ratio. [yeah, I can go on all day about how awesome it was, but I think you should just try it for yourself. ;) ]
So of course, I went searching for the truck, less than 2 weeks later. I was tempted to get the red velvet again, but decided I should explore other flavors. I had the vegan Espresso Hazlenut and was not disappointed. I think it's safe to say no matter what flavor you get, you will be more than satisfied with your decision. 
I have added this business on Facebook and Twitter so I can keep up with different flavors offered each day. I look forward to try every cupcake on the menu! =)I absolutely love this place! The best cupcakes in the city are made here. I can't ever pick a favorite. But if I had to..... the birthday cake is amaze balls! From the cookies to the cookie dough! You can't  go wrong! The staff is pretty awesome too. I didn't catch the guys name on my last visit but he was pretty awesome!This was the first cupcake truck I have ever tried. I've tried others and none have come close to the cupcakes from this truck. If you want a delicious cupcake with excellent frosting greeted by the sweet heart owner, then come here.If you haven't been to Sweet Box, then you need to get there now! They are my go-to shop for delicious, moist and balanced (not overwhelmingly sweet) treats. Their cupcakes are adorable and their flavors are always interesting. I'm a fan of "The Jawn". I also enjoy their Pina Colada and Cinnamon Roll cupcakes.It's tough to make a good cupcake! It's also tough when you have delicious cupcake competition to compare to. I got a sampling of 6 cupcakes: the key lime pie, chocolate truffle, birthday cake, strawberry champagne, peanut butter chocolate, and chocolate chip cookie dough. They were all just... okay :-/ My favorite part of the experience was the complementary celebratory cupcake picks that have various messages on them to include with your cupcakes, such as "happy birthday", or "happy mothers day". They also had candles! I wish the experience could have been tastier, but seems like plenty of other people think these cupcakes are delicious!Went to a food truck festival and this truck was there, I admit I would normally NEVER pay $4 a cupcake but the line was long and people were raving about the cupcakes. I got a choclate ganache, champagne and strawberry and birthday cake cupcake and we all shared once home...they were ALL fantastic...I loved them. Yes, I would like them to lower their price a bit but other than that? The best cupcakes around!YUM! Had the pleasure of sampling these delectable cupcakes at Fairmount Night Market last evening (during my one-week dieting hiatus, of course, in which I am hitting up Night Market and Rittenhouse Festival, ha). So, unf, while the Night Market itself was pretty annoying, Sweet Box made it [almost] worthwhile. Fincy & I tried 4, with the Maple Bacon Pancake and  Choc Brawler Crunch (choc batter whipped with Yards Beer topped with Creamcheese Icing sprinked with Toffee...I think) being the BEST. Was left wishing I had these all to myself ; p
The Chocolate Ganache was good but not as brimming with chocolate flavor that I want in a Choc Ganache so only 4 stars/5 for that one. Espresso Choc Hazelnut Praline while it looked like a masterpiece was probably the least flavorful of the 4--surprising due to the ingredients list. 
Although after reviewing this review, i realize it may just be their Cream Cheese icing that I am in love with. I do wish the cupcake was a smidge less crumbly.
I also love that each cupcake had awesome presentation as well, and they don't just churn out a mini cake with a dollop of icing on top like some other cupcake shops. there is artistry in the presentation and for $3.25 each, yes, i want taste & artistry. and i am happy to report that that's what I got: taste & artistry!!
Cant wait to try more flavors!.....I saw something about a must-try Cookie Dough one in a few other reviews. gotta get my mitts on that fo' sho'. luckily, i read they just opened a retail shop so i'm gonna get me one ..or two...dozen :)Inside the store, the cookies were delicious, the cupcakes were delicious, everything was delicious, but when I order some cupcakes and cookies through Caviar delivery service, I'm pretty sure they were old. I am not sure if they send day old products through the delivery service but the products were dry and I wasted my money on the expensive products and delivery. Also, what bake shop in their right mind puts a cupcake in a bag? Not very logical. Please sacrifice and get some plastic containers or boxes. Another thing the chocolate "ganache" cupcake barely has any icing on it, I felt like I was eating dry cake. I may go back but I definitely won't be using the delivery service.I've been remiss in writing this review but now since I'm going back again to get some cupcakes tonight it reminded me to make a point to give a shout out!
I first read about this bakery via Inquirer and was able to secure some of the last cupcakes of the day on my way home
Just walking into the shop it is clear that REAL baking occurs here unlike a lot of trendy cupcake shops where its clear they are baked off site (possibly days ahead) and you end up with a sad overpriced dry cupcake
That is absolutely not the case here!!!
I bought a half dozen to take with me to a dinner party
It was around St. Patrick's Day so I got a bailey's, a PB, a strawberries n' champagne...and three others that I can't remember the exact flavors but all were delicious
Mind you, I'm an amateur home baker who makes cakes for people's weddings, parties etc so when I spend my own money on someone else's baked goods, they better pass muster!
I tried about half of the flavors and I can say every one had a perfect crumb, they were moist and flavorful and unique too which was nice
As I said I am going back again tonight, the true test of any new shop!
You won't be disappointed
BONUS: at least the first time I went, the shop owner/proprietor/baking guru was behind the counter serving me and she was extremely nice and friendly and you could tell she is passionate about her work (and it shows in the amazing cupcakes she makes!)
Hope this place sticks around as I am a HUGE fan!Best cupcakes ever! Flavors are always creative and delicious. Check her out at some of food truck events too! Snag a cupcake....The Red Velvet that changed my life! 
She came to my job last week and since then I have been trying to get to her to satisfy this intense craving I have for her Red Velvet Cupcake. Let me begin by saying this, I am not a fan of Red Velvet, I think it has been done over and over again, and not in a good way.  I have had it from some of the best bakeries on the east coast and none have really tickled my fancy. So as I discussed my lament over Red Velvet with the truck owner, which she understood,  she guaranteed me that hers was different. In my mind I said, I have heard this a thousand times before, but no one has been able to meet the challenge (yes I am still talking about the cupcake, lol). Well not only did she meet the challenge she beat it hands down. Her Red Velvet is amazing, it was so layered with flavor but not overpowering I was almost in tears when I was eating it. First, I could taste the chocolate flavor and don't get me started on that cream cheese frosting, I could probably eat the frosting all by itself. If nothing else, taking from a non Red Velvet fan and taste hers, you wont be disappointed. 
Who knew, a chance encounter would change most strong disdain into a strong desire!Very picky when it comes to cupcakes, but this place surpassed all my expectations. Red velvet and cotton candy were amazing.The BEST cookie dough balls ever. I didn't even think to take a picture because I was so excited to try it. They had chocolate and white chocolate chips and we're covered in rainbow sprinkles! I'll need to return so I can take a picture and give this place the credit it deserves!Great service with amazing smells of super sugar! Baker was attentive, and gave us great suggestions. Really appreciated her help!!