I have been coming to Syrenka's for 20 plus years, it's a small authentic polish joint. You would probably drive right by it if you didn't know it was there! Mashed beets are delish as well as the potato pancakes. Decor is original which adds to the experience I hope they never change.Stepping into this place was like stepping back in time to a standard cafeteria-type restaurant in the 70's, and not even a vaguely trendy one at that. 
The food was okay. The potato pancakes were crisp and tasty, though super greasy. The pierogies were pretty decent as well, though they may have been better pan-fried with some onions or something, rather than just boiled and drenched in oil/butter. I didn't like the kielbasa much, but having no basis for comparison I'm not sure how much of that was the kielbasa and how much of that was just me not liking kielbasa. The carrots were fine, and the mashed beets were actually pretty good. An entree (the kielbasa) and two vegetable sides is something like $5-6, a plate of 5 pierogies was also around that much. 
The flavors of the food were very simple: not exactly bland, but not exactly notable either. I don't know if that's just what Polish food is like. Everything was quite carb- and meat-heavy, and therefore filling and not very expensive. For what it's worth, the place seems like a pretty authentic home-style Polish place (not that I am any authority whatsoever on authentic Polish food), and the Polish lady at the counter was very nice.Authentic Polish cuisine served cafeteria style. Kielbasa, potato pancake, and stuffed cabbage are all standouts.Highly recommended for all your Pierogi needs. Ultra low-key, photo of Robin Williams stopping by, Port Richmond priced, just not the best hours.Who knew mashed beets could be amazing?  They are!  They also have the best potato pancakes and pierogis in this little polish enclave of a neighborhood. Going here at lunchtime is a treat as you see a variety of workers bellying up to the counter to fill up on all the homemade polish classics. The prices are exactly what they should be and the servers are very pleasant. Look past the plastic tablecloths and enjoy some home cooking here.Syrenka's is the go-to when you are having a craving for pierogies, galumpkis or cheap no-frills belly-bombing platters. The food is a bit on the saltier side, but it's as authentic as my great grandma's. 
Varieties of Pierogies, for reference: 
Potato
Potato & Cheese
Meat
Cheese
$4.60 will get you a hot plate of 5 with a healthy dollop of sour cream. 
For $5.50 you can get a platter with galumpkis, keilbasa or another meat and 2 vegetable sides... mashed potatoes, beets, carrots, corn, cabbage with pork and sauerkraut among them. 
They also offer their pierogies frozen for home-cooking. Just plan in advance if you're nearing a Catholic holiday like Christmas or Easter.
Everyone must comment about the sign that says Robin Williams was there in 1998- the cashier's favorite thing to retort is, 'He must not have liked it because he hasn't been back since!'For a very unassuming place, I just had a great lunch. Inexpensive, plentiful, authentic Polish food. I had Pierogi and potato pancakes and buddies had the stuffed cabbage. It was all delicious.My friends thought i was crazy when i told them to meet me here... and I admit its not much to look at... but holy food!  Syrenka is amazing.  
The food is cafeteria style, so you grab a 70's tray and silverware which matches the decor.  Put your tray on the bars and slide it on up to the register and order.  Not knowing what i was in for, I opted for a vast array of everything... which ended up being a ton of food.  For the price, i'd do that again in a second.  I started off with the borscht which was creamy and salty and beety and full of potatoes and corn and carrots.  Yum!  Next, i had the potato and cheese pierogies.  Now I must be candid, I don't think I've ever had pierogies that weren't frozen Mrs. T's.  These made me accutely aware that this needs to change.  They were steamed, 5 in a serving, plated with a dollop of sour cream.  They were light and delicate and so so delicious.  I also ordered potato pancakes which were HUGE and also delicious.  I instantly gave one away to a friend because there was just no way that I could conquer these.  They also came served with sour cream.  The piece de resistance was to take a bite of the pierogie, a little sour cream, and a bite of potato pancake, and combine and eat together.  It was memorable.
All in all, 4 of us stuffed ourselves for $30.  The food was amazing, the portions were generous, the service was so so sweet and efficient, and i'd be back in a second without thinking twice.  I loved this place.Stopped in on my way out of the city back home to New Jersey. Awesome location just for that, a block off of I-95, easy access on and off. 
The place is simple, a throwback to decades past. I came in around 3pm, and it was entirely empty. I ordered a golabki platter with mashed beets and mashed potatoes with extra tomato sauce. The sides were so delicious, as was the stuffed cabbage. It really does have a home-cooked taste. Very comforting food, especially on a cold windy day. Parking near the place could be tricky, but it's definitely worth it. The price is right too--only $6.70 including tax!
If you're looking for some feel-good food on your way out to the Northeast and beyond, or want to kill time and avoid 95 traffic north of Allegheny, stop into Syrenka.When my girls were in town for Thanksgiving, we had Saturday lunch here.  It's a family tradition -- all of their food is wonderful but our favorites are the pierogies and potato pancakes.  All delicious!  Cash only though ... I had forgotten about that but at least there's a Wawa across the street to "tap Mac!"Perogies were good, mashed beets delicious, golabki like Baba's.  Don't forget the smetana!
$$ Cash Only $$Awesome comfort food. I was in Poland for 10 days last year the taste and quality of the food here are as good as anything I experied there. What a find. I am from Delaware but I will be back.Real-deal Polish food in an old fashioned luncheonette.  The stuffed cabbage is as close to my Grandmothers that I've had in years - perfect balance of meat, rice, and spices in a light tomato sauce.  Kielbasa and the potato pancakes are excellent as well.  As others have mentioned, it's a 70s style cafeteria style luncheonette w/plastic table cloths and wood paneling.  Real plates & silverware.  Looking forwarding to sampling the pierogies and the rest of the menu soon.  Cash only.The best Polish food I've had since my Nana was alive.  The perogies with fried onions were amazing!! The restaurant is seriously basic but its defiantly about the great home cooked food.  Take the 15 until the end of the line and its half a block away.Syrenka is one of the realest places I have lunched at; simple tables to eat at, a counter with hot food to pick from in the front, and a kitchen in the back to make all the rest.  The well-used phrases "honest, home cooking" can't help but come to mind. If you had a Polish grandmother who loved you very much, she would make you the exact meal that I had.
It was hard to not order more than just one cup of bigos, a savory cabbage- kielbasa mixture, but there was more food coming.
The stuffed cabbage looked about as unattractive as all stuffed cabbage do, but it tastes absolutely amazing. Sometimes stuffed cabbage can be a little too sweet, this was not the case here. Though it was meat stuffed, I like to think this was the healthy component of my meal.
Best potato pancakes ever? This is really hard for me to say, because I do like to think I make a stupendous latke. I don't even know what they do here, the latkes, first of all, are huge, and on top of that they are so flavorful, fluffy, and crispy that I was 90% in love and 10% jealous of their skillz. I enjoyed these more than the ones I had at New Wave Cafe.
Grab a table, pick out a few things to try and you can't go wrong here. With its array of amazing, hearty food that will keep you stuffed until dinner time, Syrenka gives cafeteria food a good name.Delicious Polish food served up cafeteria style.  Completely authentic, and in a welcoming environment thanks to the staff willing to explain all of the food.
Pirogis, borsch,  and golapkis were all fantastic.  I believe the best way to order here is with little thought and just pick a few things that looks/sound good.  The adventure will pay off handsomely.
Syrenka is about low prices and hot delicious food.  This place doesn't have much going on besides that, and honestly, what else do you need?
Bottom line: For real Polish food, go here now (unless it's a sunday, or after 6. I failed so many times to eat here due to limited hours.1970's. David Lynch meets really awesome perogies, mashed beets and potato pancakes. Stuffed cabbage is out of this world. Run, don't walk, to this place.Went here with my daughter for lunch. Found a parking space about 2 blocks away. Love the one of a kind charm this eatery possesses. We both got potato/cheese perogies which were excellent. They were served with caramelized onions and sour cream. We also got an order of the potato pancakes which were also excellent. Perogies are five  for $5.00.
We bought 4 dozen frozen perogies to make at home and they are only $6.00/dozen.
This is a great joint and I will be back here soon!
p.s. Cash only!Consistently delicious and has satisfied my pierogi and mashed beet cravings for over a decade. My Dad says they are the best in the city and he has been eating pierogi for 69 years!Simply love it.  It couldn't be more low key.  They offer basic Polish food....some you might need to Google to translate...and will customize a platter for you based on your tastes.  The perogies, which atr 5 for $5 if you eat in and $6.or $7 per dozen if you get frozen to go, are out of this world.  I have eaten many perogi in my time, and nothing compares to these fat dough bundles of joy.  Seriously scrumptious.  I am a vegetarian so I couldn't partake in several of their dishes but the stuffed cabbage looked divine.  Be a little adventurous and check out this yummy dive.Been coming here for years with my grandpop and my Dad. I love the pierogies and potato pancakes. Cheap,good, fresh food!Wasn't very impressed. Def cheap and I don't mind the interior, though I could see that being an issue for some. 
Wasn't feeling the kielbasa. Thought it had a funny taste from sitting in the steam table all day. Liked the mashed beets, but they kinda had a baby food vibe. Perogies were so-so, though I would like to try them fried rather than boiled. The best part of the meal for me was the split pea soup. Actually thoroughly enjoyed that. 
Will probably give it another try, but I wouldn't imagine it will be that soon.I've been dying to make a trip up to Port Richmond to check out the polish scene there.  I finally made it this weekend!  Tried two different places for lunch, New Wave Cafe and Syrenkas.  Syrenkas is a blast from the past.  I'm not sure how long they have been around, but you aren't going here for the decor.  This is a laid back working class establishment.  I love it.  You order cafeteria style from a lovely polish woman.  I was here with 5 other people.  We got the potato pancakes, kielbasa, blintzes, stuffed cabbage, meat pierogies and potato and cheese perogies.  
I had never tried stuff cabbage...but I'm glad I did.  The cabbage was tender and the meat/rice filling was delicious.  The kielbasa had nice snap and was very good.  The piergoies were steamed and came with sour cream.  I make pierogis at home and never thought of combining them with sour cream.  Awesome!  The potato pancakes were my favorite, super crispy and delicious.
I didn't eat the blintzes, but the dessert lovers at the table enjoyed them a lot.  This is a lunch time place that closes early on Saturday (4PM).  Worth the trip for sure.Great Polish food! The Golabki  (cabbage stuffed with ground beef and rice covered in tomato sauce) are better that the frozen ones you find in the neighboring markets. The Bigos  ( Cabbage and Kielbasa stew with a wonderfully mellow, not tart flavor)  is a great way to introduce new comers to the joys of Polish soul food.  The Potato Pancakes are made fresh and served with either sour cream or apple sauce and the Pierogi are not too heavy and deliciously filled with potato/meat/cheese (you pick). They also have wonderful home made soups and an assortment of vegetables to accompany your meal. Of course they have Kielbasa... YUM! The sour kraut is also very good and nothing like the soul puckering stuff you find on a supermarket shelf.
Service is cafeteria style and bare bones. The ambiance takes you rocketing back to the 70's with the brown paneling and linoleum floor..... but you are here for the food and quite frankly, the food is so good you just don't care. 
When I come for lunch with my girlfriends we can sit at the table and talk with out being rushed out the door. When my family comes for lunch we eat there and then order Golabki for take out so we have a delicious supper that night as well. Just heat and eat!
Parking is on the street and hit or miss. Call ahead for hours and take out as the Potato Pancakes and Pierogi are cooked after ordering and will take 5 to 10 minutes.
Try Syrenka for delicious, inexpensive Polish soul food. Then take a walk to Krakus Market a half a block south on the same street and check out the Polish ham in the deli case and the selection of European chocolates.  There are other stores/markets/bakeries in the area so you can make it a real culinary adventure!
HOURS: Mon - Friday 11:00 am to 6:00 Saturday 11:00 to 4:00
Phone (215) 634-3954Time capsule, time capsule! Syrenka Luncheonette's decor is first what will strike you as you walk in the door. It's shades of brown and 70's all over. This is some real back in time stuff here.  
A la carte or platter prices are listed up on the old school Coca Cola menu board. Polish specialties are served cafeteria style from warming trays, but not by stereotypical lunch ladies by any means; beautiful stylish Polish ladies have been behind the counter at our every visit. There lies the only real evidence that we're not grubbin in '77 or so...
Maybe prices have gone up a bit since the 70's, but damn do we get a tray full of good eatin' for the both of us together for under fifteen dollas. I'm sayin, we have made animals outta ourselves splitting: the golabki, kielbasy, bigos, mashed beets, an order of pierogi, and two drinks...all for fourteen seventy somethin? Good deally.
If you want your order of pierogi fried (they're cooked after you order), you'll have to order them that way with onions and sour cream, if you wannem. I forgot to order them fried, so I was initially a little disappointed when I realized my omission and the potato and cheese dumplings were served only boiled and buttery, but when getting down to eating them, I didn't really miss the crisp.  In this state they went so well with the buttery, sweet and earthy mashed beets. I'm repeating the word, "buttery," cause there's a lot of this happenin here. We've repeatedly ordered that buttery buttery combo again. 
The porky sauerkrauty hunter's stew that is bigos was pretty good, not my most favorite bigos ever, but obviously went well with the kielbasy, it did. Definitely dug the giant golabki- tender cabbage leaves stuffed with rice and beef... tasty, tasty stuff in tangy tomato sauce. I loves golabki, and that's a good one. 
On subsequent visits we've enjoyed mushroom soup and some potato pancakes (tasty but greasy), too. 
All in all, I'd say that Syrenka's is A-OK all the way: Tasty, hearty food for good prices is the key. I dig this time capsule of a Polish cafeteria. 
Butt-buuh-butttery time capsule, time capsule!This place exists for one reason: to enable you to eat cheap portions of delicious Polish food. If you're taking your mom out, probably skip this place. The aesthetic is "'70s school cafeteria, complete with a lady behind the counter with a ladle slopping sauerkraut, kielbasa, and golabki on your plate.
But oh damn, is it delicious. I got the stuffed cabbage and sauerkraut. The cabbage was okay (I saw most people getting kielbasa, but I wasn't in the mood for that much meat), but the Sauerkraut was outstanding! And the prices were quite reasonable, although I had to be sure to hit up an ATM before.
I highly recommend going here if you're in the area. It's an interesting mix of people in a very functional (and delicious) restaurant.Wow...the food is absolutely amazing and plentiful...we had the golabki (stuffed cabbage) and it was fantastic...if they fancied this up you would easily pay $17 for the meal...luckily it is old school and not fancy so you get ridiculously good food at rock bottom prices...a must for homemade food lovers!!!For a small place, the ethnic Polish dishes are very tasty!
Prices are low, but the food you get is more than worth it.  
If you like Polish food, don't miss stopping here. Well worth your time and money.Phenomenal Polish food...cooked exactly like a grandma would cook it. On a cold winter day, I'd go there and get a HUGE plateful of food for about $6...I mean, it's inexpensive, homemade and the best pierogies you'll eat. The stuffed cabbage is awesome too. It's definitely not a glamorous setting, but it's clean, very old school & the food is great. One of the best kept secrets in Port Richmond, and Robin Williams has been there!Anyone who thinks this is the best polish food in town needs to walk around the corner to M&M. The pierogies are just nothing special. They are on the small side and drenched in butter to mask their mediocrity.  
Same with the stuffed cabbage. I thought $7 for one piece was a bit much.  The sauce was on the watery side and it was lukewarm.
The best thing I had here were the potato pancakes. They were crispy and delicious,but I still prefer M&Ms. 
Perhaps I am spoiled with deliciousPolish food from living in the neighborhood my entire life, but Syrenka didn't do it for me.A great polish luncheonette stuck in 1975, in a good way! Excellent perogis -- get them with the sauteed onions,  and potato pancakes -- super cripsy but not greasy.  Very reasonable prices, cash only.Very good perogies, pretty good customer service. The prices where a bit high, that is about the downside to this place. Like $5 for potatoe pancake? That's a bit ridiculous for some potatoes. Overall the food is really good but I just wish the prices where better considering nearly everything is made with potatoes!Authentic Polish food at it's best. Decor is straight outta cold war era eastern block Poland, unattractive and bland, but the food so makes up for it.
Christina is always there to serve and the food is always consistently awesome.
Pierogies come in 5 different fillings, always Red Borscht and Mushroom Soup (which is amazing), Fried Pork Chops are incredible, Stuffed Cabbage is the best I've ever had. Plenty of options for vegans and vegetarians also and this place is cheap for students or families on a fixed income. I will tell you the Pierogies are the best thing here.... so great, give it a go.This place is a Philly institution. Been coming her for over 25 years and it's always excellent homemade Polish food serving up all the polish classics: Perogi, Bilgogi, stuffed cabbage and more. My favorite is the pork chop platter with 2 veg. Beets are to die for. Chops are pressed thin and fried. Best pork chops you'll ever eat....but everything is excellent and authentic. No credit cards. With sandwiches going for $10-$15 in center city, you can get an EXCELLENT real lunch platter here for $9.Excellent meat pierogies! N the soup was outstanding! First time going there but definitely not the last!!!Great place for polish dining. Their food is very good, and I especially love their pierogis, one of my favorite meals. The prices are also cheap, it's a great place to eat for a very affordable price. Just make sure to have cash, they don't accept cards. Nevertheless, a very pleasant place that left me with a good experience.Every time I walk through the door, it's a step back in time. Been going here for 45 years and nothing has changed (except the name, used to be Sabina's). Same great recipes, same great decor. Cafeteria style, traditional Polish food. Golabki just like mom used to make. Pierogies and potato pancakes (placki kartoflane) are made to order so, may take a few minutes. Everything is great but, don't miss the sauerkraut! Save room for Jell-o!This is Eastern European comfort food on a dime. Great galopki (stuffed cabbage), bigos (a hunter stew with sauerkraut and kielbasa), and pierogies (boiled, not fried). Order at the counter. The woman was super helpful and patient. We got a pile of food for 3 for just over $20. Amazing. Definitely try it.We were in the mood for some Polish food so we headed over to Port Richmond. I had read good things about Syrenka and it was also mentioned on Bourdain's lay over.
The place could be used in a period movie of the 1970's or 1980's but its is spotlessly clean. Our server was very nice and the prices are really reasonable. 5 Perogies for under $6.00, 2 people can easily eat there for under $15.00. I had the Kielbasa platter with 2 sides of vegetables. The Kielbasa was huge and the sauerkraut was very good. I only wished the Kielbasa was grilled.
This is a great little place for a quick meal at a great price. Cash only.This no frills place was mostly disappointing and I'm surprised at all the rave reviews here. We met a Polish friend for lunch and all shared a few things.  I only ate a couple of bites of everything I tried because the food ranged from just okay to downright bad. 
I had lots of stuffed cabbage growing up and sorry but this didn't even come close to what I would call good - the filling was mostly rice, the meat tasted low quality and the sauce was meh.  The side dishes were ok -  potatoes were fine, the red cabbage was decent.    The potato pancakes were nice and crispy but they tasted off, almost sour or something and after you had them in your mouth for  a minute you realized how greasy they really were.  
The pierogies were ok, my dining companions were a lot more impressed with them then I was.  I'd say they were better than the frozen kind from the supermarket but didn't come close to the homemade ones my co-worker used to bring in that the church ladies at her Russian Orthodox church made.  Or the ones available from Riekers Meats for that matter.
The service was friendly and it had a great neighborhood-y feel.  The prices are low, but I felt like that was definitely reflected in the quality of the food and at the end of the day, you get what you pay for I guess.Syrenka Luncheonette is a quaint little Polish restaurant in Port Richmond.  The decor is totally retro 70's which is really cool.  The food is served cafeteria-style and it is very good.  We had the galopki (stuffed cabbage) with 2 side dishes.  The prices are very reasonable, and the lady working behind the counter was very friendly.  Highly recommended.Cheap, delicious, authentic polish food. Vegetarian but not vegan friendly.
Make an afternoon of it, coffee at Hinge Cafe, stop by Port Richmond Books, and the Polish Supermarket, at least for some kinder chocolates.Mrs. T move over there's a real Polish girl in town and her name is Syrenka.  With ample portion size plates of the real thing -- this a cheap way to fill your stomaski.  I had the potato and cheese pierogies (my boyfriend had the meat-filled) and we split a giant Kielbasa and saurekraut -- which was excellent as far as saurekraut goes -- 5 stars.   
Those not familiar with Polish cuisine may have difficulty in putting together the best order.  We had no idea -- and just stuck to those items that have been most Americanized and recognizable.   We got most stuff from the cafeteria style buffet and then the waitress went go start the pierogies which take about 5-10 minutes.  If you don't like to wait in long lines -- this place is great.  
After you eat you should go check out Port Richmond books which is just a block or two south on Richmond.  Over 100,000 books to meander through.  These two together made a great Saturday morning in Port Richmond!
Public transit by trolley (which also goes to El stop at Front St.)If you want a tasty Pierogi, head over here. If you've never had one- come check it out. If you want to try general Polish food this is your place. We had a polish sausage platter with veggie sides, and two pierogi plates sampling each kind. Each served with the fried onions and sour cream. Simply delicious. Don't let the hole in the wall vibe keep you away. Excellent service and excellent food.It's home of the shortest cafeteria line in the world. The whole rail is about 6 foot long. But if you want real deal Polish food then this is the place to go . Stuffed cabbage, bigos , pirogies , fried pork cutlets , and of course Kielbasa! All served with two sides. All under $10. Get the potatoes pancakes . If you had a Polish grandmother she would make you food just like this.This is a cafeteria-style place. Don't go here because of the restaurant style or decor. My husband and I tried potato pancakes (good), pierogis (potatoes and cheese, average), stuffed cabbage (excellent), beets and sauerkraut (very good). I would come here again to take-out multiple servings of the stuffed cabbage. 
I got a chance to look at where my grandparents came from on the Polish map picture on the wall.
I went to the bathroom, and they need new wallpaper. I would bring in a plumber too, and have him fix the drip in the sink.  
Don't take a date here.Outstanding restaurant! The fried perogies were delicious and the mashed beets were the best I have had. My wife had beet soup and I also had kielbasa which was great. Overall great experience and I highly recommend this place for anyone in the mood for polish fare.Pierogies, potato pancakes, stuffed cabbage and beets - I'm on the floor because I am so full of amazing food.
Incredible delicious Polish comfort food from a longstanding gem in Port Richmond. Cafeteria style and incredibly friendly folks behind the counter.
Where ever you are in the city, it's worth the trek down to this neighborhood to experience some goodness.
Robin Williams visited in 1998 and they have pictures of him on the wall working behind the counter.Coming from a slavic extended family, I've been eating peirogies and various varieties of cabbage for years. Syrenka definitely does not disappoint in that category..peirogies are always cooked perfectly and at a great price. I'd love if their menu offered some other specialties like maybe pickle soup or in house kolaczki OR if the restaurant was slightly more inviting (slavic demeanor, what can ya do).Cash only.... so pull out a few twenties. 
You have to come here. I'm not kidding. The only other place I had great Polish food was when I was in Krakow quiet a few summers ago. 
I had the golbaki. I can honestly tell you that when my mom or someone else makes it, I don't like it. Sorry mom! But this place changed my life!!! I don't know how this place can make the insides so tender and flavorful without the taste getting drowned out by the tomato sauce. The cabbage is super tender and honestly, I couldn't taste it because the filling was so dang good!
The potato pancakes were super crispy on the outside and melt in your mouth in the inside. Perfect taste and texture. 
My son had the potato soup and it was really good comfort food. It tasted more than just potatoes. The flavors of herbs and spices dis well here.
The cheese and potato pierogies were sooooooo good! First time I had them boiled and the taste was perfection!
And the meat pierogies?!?!?!?! Out of this world!!! How did they make these guys so good?!?!?!?!? My hubby was head over heels for these tasty meat pockets. We definitely plan to come back.Everybody knows that one restaurant where it's more like going into a time machine than an eatery. This is it. Everything is fresh and home made.This place was excellent. Good home style food that was always served with a smile. Unfortunately have heard they are now closed due to the street and sidewalk construction in the area. Wish they would re-open but without walking access and parking, don't know if this will ever occur!