This place is my go-to Chinese takeout restaurant....not only because its close but because the food is good.
They make some of the best chicken and broccoli I've had, but maybe it is more to do with the garlic sauce I smother my food with. Their pad thai isn't bad, but not as good as some of the local Thai places, which is understandable.
My only issue is that I ordered delivery once and it took a while. I also had to hand over my credit card so that the guy could make a copy of the number even though I already paid online. This seemed a little strange to me, but I don't order delivery often enough to judge.One star only because I can't give zero. Horrible customer service. I ordered through Grubhub so there should have been no confusion about what I had ordered. I ordered squid with curry and beef with mushrooms and bamboo shoots. They sent shrimp with curry and beef with mushrooms only. Both the Grubhub team and myself called to request they replace the squid dish. When the delivery guy came he first demanded payment for the entire order AGAIN which had already been paid and then demanded the incorrect dish back, which we had already thrown away. They refused to give us the correct food and left. The Grubhub team did get refund for us but I will never order from this restaurant again. I wonder if they reuse food people send back otherwise why would they need it back after it had been in our house for almost an hour?I'm still on the hunt for a good delivery Chinese place, my go-to (which was a solid 6 btw) closed so I figured I'd try this place. Solid meh. Food came quickly which was a bonus but idk nothing to write home about.Good, traditional chinese food with fast delivery.Very quick service and open late! Can't beat that! Ordered general Tso's chicken and an Eggroll. All was very good, but a little too pricey for me. I'll be going againHit or miss..wok was the same way..when theyre on, theyre good. When theyre off, it knocks ya out the chinese mood for a while. Theyve been good of late tho.This place has become my go-to for Chinese delivery.  They're fast and dependable for American-style Chinese food.  I usually go for a won ton soup and General Tso's combo platter.  Always consistent and decent prices.Good, health (tasting), not heavy chinese food.  It's my go-to.  If you want to sit (not many do), it's BYOBBest American style Chinese food out side of Chinatown! Go for it! You can also order most things steamed if you want a healthier option, but who are we kidding. We don't order Chinese for that reason! I'm calling right now!Very good american-style chinese food. I've ordered on many occasions and the food has been consistently very good. Delivery is very fast as well, even when the streets are covered with snow in the winter. Definitely my go-to place for chinese dinner!FINALLY a Chinese place in the city i can say i actually love.  The food here is on point.  You can order online (minimum $15 for delivery). I ordered the general tso's chicken combo (enough for 2 people) and a small beef with vegetables.  Everything was delicious.  The chicken was crunchy and NOT soggy. The rice was perfect.  
I love how they give you complimentary hot oil. I mean who does that? NO ONE! thank you so much! They also give you plenty of sauce packets as well.  
Order to door? 25 minutes. From now on they will be my go to spot. YES!Supper fast delivery ! Comes in handy when your starving and don't want to leave your place. The general tso's is the best I've had in Philly hands down ;Love the brown rice option. 
Good portions, reasonably priced and fast delivery whats not to love?While visiting philly we wanted to try restaurants close to our air bnb so we Tried several dishes and enjoyed them all. 24a orange chicken, 54a Mongolian beef, 76 spicy beef n scallops, chicken lo mein. We would order them all again. Also the value can't be beat! Our bill was only $42! The reason for the 4 star is due to the egg rolls not what we're used to and the fortune cookies were stale.The sesame chicken is a little weird. Not sure about the fried rice but the shrimps are so big. The shrimp egg rolls are amazing. The service is so amazing.Best. Wonton. Soup. Ever. Fast service as well! I always get general saos, can't go wrong.This is my favorite place in the city for Chinese take out or delivery. If you are picking up it typically is 15-20min. How the manage to cook it in such a short time scares me but it is always delicious.
When I order from here I get the typical take out. Fried rice, loman, wonton soup. It always comes hot and delicious.I ordered from Yelp24 and the menu options changed. No more fried rice upgrades nor combination options. I ordered the beef with Chinese vegetables no cornstarch, no green peppers, sub with mushrooms. What came was not as requested because there were no green peppers it was still pretty good. Also ordered the hot n sour soup no cornstarch. It came with what seemed to be extra mushroom and was fantastic. Also the egg roll was yummy too. The delivery man is a doll, he's very sweet and cheerful. I highly recommend it!Got two soups, sesame noodles, shredded spicy beef, and fried sesame chicken. Every thing was fairly good, except the beef dish. At first when I opened the dish, I noticed the beef looked very undercooked and a pink color. So I threw it on the fry pan to cook it a bit. No matter how much I cooked it, the "beef" continued to stay this pink color. Needless to say, we didn't eat it and ended up throwing it away. Buy better beef!!We're new in this area of Philly and were looking for a new Chinese food place with good General Tso's for my husband, good fried rice for me and reasonable prices. Based on Yelp, we went with Szechuan Hunan. The food did not disappoint - we found our good General Tso's and fried rice on the first try!
However, the delivery was awful. We ordered at 7:20 on a Monday night, and it took over an hour for our food to come. Also, they're not on Grubhub, so you have to either call or register for some other website. All in all, we're def eating there again, but pickup, not delivey.Ok so I am really into the Tom Yum soup!!!! So so amazing !!! Also the Thai food is good. Really like the wonton soup. Many of the other typical Chinese dishes are good too. I am getting the attendant to smile more. It makes my day more and I hope it makes his day more too! Keep up the good work.I had the sesame chicken and general tso's and they were both not that good at all. The sesame chicken was worse...it was so dry almost like jerky with this disgusting fried batter. I felt like a dog gnawing on pigs ear, woof! The general tso was better but not by much. The pieces of chicken were basically swimming in the insane amount of sauce it came in. And both orders didn't have enough veggies. Rice looked like poo; I didn't even touch it. I would not recommend this place.I will not eat here again. Definitely made us sick. 
My boyfriend and I ordered the General Tso's Chicken and the Chicken  Pad Thai for delivery. We thought the General Tso's was really good, and the pad thai was okay, albeit bland. However, we were sick that night and the entire next day. I would never eat here again.All of my orders have been quick, delicious and hot! The delivery people are very sweet and cheerful and I've enjoyed everything I've ordered especially the hot and sour soup and noodles with black bean sauce. Also they really do read the special modification requests!Into the trash.  Rancid chicken, beef was mostly gristle, flavorless, old looking vegetables. We ate the steamed rice!  This was my first time there.  Might try once more to see if this was an off night, but not going to rush back.Staff were really sweet here, bringing us water as we sat and waited. Although they managed not to notice our order sitting on the side for about 5 minutes until we asked about it!
Food was tasty - sesame chicken came with barely cooked broccoli which I love. Side of beans was actually enormous and really yummy. I assume garlic and butter were involved.
Good local joint for Chinese take out, although not worth travelling for. I'd also say it's a shade on the expensive side, although portions are generous.It is what it is, and it is good for what it is- your generic, Americanized Chinese food.  If you want good Chinese, go to Chinatown.  If you want a solid, easy (Delivery!), inexpensive Chinese, this is a great place.  And the lunch deals are great.The best! I order from here at least once a week. They are so nice and the food is yummy!! And if you ask for special requests, they do them. I love the noodles in black bean sauce, the Beef dishes and everything I've order is always delish! I've expanded my selection try to stay with the leaner dishes now and still love everything! Really nice delivery people too.Below average Chinese-American food based on the few meals I've had.This is my go-to guilty pleasure Chinese in the Rittenhouse area. They deliver really quickly, usually faster than the GrubHub estimate. 
I enjoy the hot and sour soup and usually go with pork lo mein or eggplant and garlic dish. My roommate likes the eggrolls and the shrimp fried rice. 
Everything is solid here. 
It's not haute cuisine but it definitely fits the bill when you want some greasy Chinese.Love them 
Very accommodating 
Food is awesome and they always make it extra crispy like I askFrankly, the only reason I order from Szechuan Hunan Chinese is because it is so close.  The pricing is about average but the food is below average.  I love hot and sour soup but I have been so disappointed by the quality of the soup here I no longer order the food.  I recently ordered Kung Pao chicken and it had way more peanuts than anything else.  I felt like I ordered peanuts with a few pieces of chicken mixed in.  Typically, I order the general tso's chicken - which is a standard at American Chinese restaurants.  This is also pretty decent with a good amount of chicken.  Also, the food is always made very quickly which I think is sometimes obvious given the quality of the food.  Other than the hot and sour soup, the food is never bad but never really that great either.I ordered two chicken dishes for take out, and one of them had raw chicken -- I had to throw it all away, it was horrible.Great food fast delivery! Little pricey and I didn't get any forks lol still good service and good foodi first reviewed after my first szechuan hunan experience.  after a few other attempts, i can confidently update to say that the food here is just not good. to say it's average, as i did in my initial review, would be a compliment in the extreme.  
the thing about chinese food is, it's supposed to taste good. szechuan hunan manages flavorless chinese. some of the dishes that have led me to this conclusion: the vegetable dumplings (awful consistency), the pork fried rice (dry), the lo mien (bland) and the chicken and shrimp in peking sauce (the blandest dish i've ever had), and the egg roll (not good. how do you make a bad egg roll??!). 
this place is so close to me that i get laziness-driven amnesia every time i want quick/close food, but i'm officially done. it's just not worth it - and it's cheap, so that's saying something.It's an excellent food delivery place. Pad Thai was good, especially from a Chinese place... fresh tasting and light, not super saucy. Lots of large shrimp and cooked just right. Delivery was fast and friendly. I reserve 5 stars for food that is worth trekking across town, state lines or country borders for...Delivers quick, every time. A+. Just what you need when hungry, and in need for some awesome spicy asian food!In terms of Chinese take-out in Philly, Szechuan Hunan is decent, which is not necessarily a bad thing. I have ordered plenty of bad Chinese in my day for delivery or take-out, so getting something that was decent was a pleasant surprise.
It was cheap, it was easy, and I enjoyed the food. I would order from here again in a pinch. The chicken and broccoli and fried chicken wings are my go to.Was in town on business and ordered from this place 3-4 times.  great food, great delivery.  wings were really good.  every dish I ordered was better than expected.  will definitely order from here again!I love their General Tso's chicken.  Meets my tastes every time.  I usually call it in and get take out and it's ready in 10 mins.Unfortunately, this wasn't a great experience. It took over an hour for delivery on a Monday night. Also, the General Tso's chicken doesn't have any flavor. It's more like a mild barbecue sauce if anything. The sliced chicken Szechuan style has way more vegetables than chicken. It wasn't awful, but I'll definitely look elsewhere.We have only ordered takeout from this restaurant and have been pleased every time. We ordered through Yelp and it's ready within the time stated. 
They serve delicious Chinese takeout food and their portions are generous enough for sharing or lunch the next day. Our recommendations: Jumbo shrimp with garlic sauce, sesame crispy chicken or sesame triple delight, all made as combo platter.FINALLY! After slowly and painfully learning that all chinese take-out places in Center City basically offer the same sub-par crap...alas, Szechuan Hunan left me slightly impressed. 
I ordered General Tso's and scallion pancakes. There was wayyy much more chicken than broccoli, and most importantly, it was quality chicken. I didn't find myself pulling pieces of fat or other stuff I didn't want to know about out of my mouth. The chicken was notably crispy too- so I could tell it was fresh and wasn't precooked and sitting out on the counter waiting for a quick re-heat. As far as the overall size of the portion- going in I was pretty hungry...now I'm stuffed but still have about half left over. 
I called in the order, the person spoke English and everyone was friendly when I went to pick it up. 
In reality, this meal alone coupled with the dire take-out scene in Center City kind of warranted 5 stars here...but I'll leave it at 4.5, though I highly, highly recommend it if you want some great Generals.A good neighborhood Chinese spot.  Everything was tasty and its a definite order-again.  Service was fast, attentive. The fact that they do take out AND delivery is a big plus.great fried rice and orange chicken,
reasonable prices.
fast, polite  service
good locationOver the years, this has been one of favorite Chinese take out or delivery. My main reason for this is that it has never, ever made me sick!! For this reason i think it's pretty fresh and handled with care. We like to get a few appetizers and split it up with just a fried rice or lo mein for lunch at work. Some entrees are a little disappointing, but their fried rice is TOPS and so is the LoMein . That's  their strength. Delivery is usually very quick.Yummy yummy yummy I've got love in my tummy! Another fantastic meal from Szechuan Hunan delivered  by the nicest, happiest delivery man in the world! I swear when Ping delivers my food it always tastes better and is prepared with love. This time I'd spare ribs and vegetable lo mein. All came piping hot and on time! Thanks for making my food with lI think rating Chinese delivery should only be on a 3-point scale: 1. Terrible.  2. Average  3. Amazing.  This place is OK.  
Their chicken with broccoli (which we ask for in garlic sauce) is better imo than  Fortune, Wok, or Jojo's place, however not as good as A Mardarin's.  Their Mooshoo pork is better than all those places too imo.  Fried rice is average, a little on the greasy side.  That's about all I ever order.  Otherwise, it's delivery Chinese, what do you expect?I had a wonton soup and the imperial chicken. The broth for the wonton soup was very flavorful but the actual wontons seemed stale. Where I expected savory ground pork filling I instead encountered  bland, crumbly and dry gray matter.
To be fair, I had no idea what Imperial Chicken is when I ordered it.  It's one of those dishes where they use the same fried chicken and then add a different sauce and that constitutes a new dish. That was pretty awful but I'll say it was my fault for ordering it.
The fortune cookie at the end was also stale and uneatable.
Bright spot is their fried chips they give are pretty interesting. Seems less oiley and was good to snack onVery unassuming. What appears to be a random Chinese takeout is actually an intimidate dine-in spot. Service was attentive and efficient. It's the type of spot where they serve water infused with lemon because it's the right thing to do. The fried veggie dumplings seem to be homemade and are delicious. The tea they serve by default is not the greatest but it's not bad. Pretty standard. The scallion bread is where it's at though. Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside and served with a great sauce. If this is they way they treat the appetizers, you can best the rest of the menu is handled with the same amount of care. 
I'll be back, and you won't regret it if you stop by.This is a typical takeout/delivery place.  The food is generally okay, with some select dishes that are non-Americanized.  The only issue is that it's relatively pricey compared to Chinatown and West Philly, but I guess that's the tradeoff for its being near Rittenhouse Square.  With that said, I almost never see anyone actually eat in this restaurant the few times I went to pick up my orders.  Most of their business must be on deliveries, as I don't see how they could remain open otherwise.Good, consistent, standard Chinese fare that's a bit less greasy and salty than usual. Also no MSG which is a nice plus.
They recently changed cooks or recipes. The garlic sauce and the hot and sour soup have gotten a little worse, the lo mein's gotten significantly better.
I like the deep-fried chicken wings here too.I ordered from Yelp24 and the menu options changed. No more fried rice upgrades not combination options. I ordered the beef with Chinese vegetables no cornstarch, no green peppers, sub with mushrooms. What came was not as requested because there were no green peppers it was still pretty good. Also ordered the hot n sour soup no cornstarch. It came with what seemed to be extra mushroom and was fantastic. Also the egg roll was yummy too. The delivery man is a doll, he's very sweet and cheerful. In spite of things not coming as ordered I recommend it highly!This is exactly what you think it is. Dirt cheap chinese takeout. Ate here with a friend a few days ago and the service was great. The food was hot and portions were huge but it was just mediocre tasting. I got an enormous portion of honey chicken, pork fried rice, and wonton soup for like $8.Got some take out and was expecting the food to not be so great based on the reviews but the food was great. Large portions for the cheap price, it's a great place to get some cheap take out. I was the only one in the restaurant but that didn't phase me. I got the fried rice and fried pork dumplings. The rice was not greasy, maybe a little too fried but I didn't mind it. The pork dumplings were delicious and cooked well. Over all, I was impressed and will definitely going to order from here again.Went to this place for lunch and Peking duck - it was snowy, we were hungry, and authenticity wasn't a priority.
Nevertheless, the food was fresh and nicely glossed with corn starch.  For 5.80, you get a large mound of rice and a meat/vege.  The Peking duck wasn't terrible either.  The skin was very crispy, though unfortunately so were parts of the meat.  
Don't come here if you want to have a Chinese meal.  Come here because you have a craving for some good old American takeout or Chinatown is just too far away.Please bring back wok.  This place is subpar so far.  Definitely not feeling it and until i see some better reviews i'll continue to assume that Wok is gone forever.  the rumor was they took over this place.  Everything tasted microwaved (ya know, when one part is hot and other parts are cold)  and it just wasnt good.Not a fan.  We were really excited to try a neighborhood chinese takeout- especially since we LOVE Szechuan.  Our first and only try was in the form of some late-night takeout from here- we tried General Tso's, Chicken in Garlic Sauce, and some Fried Rice.  
All of the food was extremely bland, including both chicken dishes which is surprising coming from a Szechuan restaurant (which I guess this isn't).  Greasy, flavorless, bland chinese food just isn't worth the calories!Horrendous.  They closed down for a while for renovations...if you ask me they should never have reopened.  The food all had a really strange flavor or just none at all other than the grease it was covered in.We have had trouble finding a go-to Chinese place for a night when you just want take-out and sweatpants. This place is perfect for what we wanted. Our staples are the general tso's chicken, fried rice (we've had the pork, veggie, and shrimp) and egg rolls. Yum!Great taste and great quality. Always fresh which is soooooo important. This is the only Chinese place I order from!!! And delivery is always super fast and staff and deliverymen are also very nice and friendly.This place is very dependable.  The food is consistent (though stick with the Chinese and avoid the Thai).  What I like the most about this place is that we live 3 blocks away.  I call.  I literally walk out the door and 9 our of 10 times its ready when I get there and its not cold.  Bit freaky but whatever it works for me.Just had a super fast experience. Didn't call ahead... instead we just walked there and ordered take out and I swear the food came out no more than 5 minutes later. (thinking about that now... should I actually be worried about that?? oh well, it tasted okay!!)  
I got pork fried rice and it tasted saltier than usual but I actually enjoyed that. My fiancee' has been trying all the Chinese places in the area and has been disappointed with their blandness until tonight. Szechuan may have just become the new go-to place for us.Mediocre at best, even for cheap chinese food.
The pork fried rice tasted old, if not reheated, and the general tsao's left me feeling bloated and greasy.Delicious food. Fresh ingredients. Good portions. Packed well so it wouldn't spill. Will definitely order again.Reliable Chinese delivery with a smile.  Their sesame bean curd is incredibly delicious (I'm not sure why, as I'm not usually a tofu fan), and their fried rice is tasty.  The sesame chicken I had once was kinda tough, but everything else has always been pretty decent - moo shu pork, lo mein, beef/brocc, etc.  I usually order from Wok now but I sometimes call here instead.  Also, they're the only place that doesn't charge extra when I ask them to put baby corn in my fried rice instead of peas and carrots.Really great General Tso's! And really nice owner!The best! I order from here at least once a week. They are so nice and the food is yummy!!Absolutely the worst pad Thai I've ever had in my life. I don't know if there was a mistake and they forgot to add any sort of sauce but....it literally was a plate of plain noodles with peanut on top. They didn't even try! I will never be going back.Great american style chinese food..been eating here for years...when you're in the mood for that type of fast chinese food you can beat the taste or price!I pretty much make it my business to try as many Americanized, typical Chinese takeout places as possible, and I always order the same thing: either beef or chicken with broccoli combo, pork fried rice and an egg roll.  Yeah, I'm boring.  Anyway, I finally tried this place after living nearby for a year.  I don't know what took me so long.  I ordered my food to pick up and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The egg rolls were kind of small (City Garden still has my favorite egg rolls), but the fried rice was absolutely delish, and so was the beef with broccoli (although the sauce did get a little greasy at the end but... it's Chinese takeout so I can't say I was too shocked at that.)Fast, friendly, delicious, and simple - the exact combination I need when I'm visiting from out of town and find myself constrained by time. I'm not going to suggest this is the best Chinese ever, but it certainly fits the bill and hits the spot.andrea t., I cannot agree more with your comment on the fried rice! chinese restaurants in philly can be challenged when it comes to good friend rice (a-hem fuzhou house), but szechuan hunan does it right!
Other than the fried rice, I prefer this place when it comes to freshness, quality, and delivery. This chinese food looks better and tastes better than it's competitor on south street and the interior is spotless. Their chicken and broccoli is pretty standard, but delicious, but the main event is the orange chicken. Forget that disgusting fried breading that you usually find at takeout places. The breading on this dish is wonderfully crisp and there's real pieces of orange peel in the sauce!
My other secret indulgence is the small order of jumbo shrimp and veggies for around $5. With about 4-5 big shrimp in the order, it's an awesome value.
Best of all, their deliver is free, and its quick. And I love the delivery guy. We're buddies!Ok, ok, ok, ok.... writing a review of a Chinese take-away restaurant can be a daunting undertaking, much the way writing on McDonald's can be.  I don't mean that every Chinese food establishment is comprised of mostly horrible food that one only eats when completely starving and needs something familiar with which to calm the fury of missing a meal on an otherwise crappy day.  I just mean, many, many, many, many Chinese (I use the term liberally as I understand there is a difference between Cantonese and Szechuan food), offer similar items as found on menus across the country and are of similar quality.  In fact, I will go so far as to say most Asian cuisine restaurants serve similarly prepared food stuffs.  Like what, you ask? Like: General Tso chicken, beef and broccoli, sweet and sour pork, steamed dumplings, phad thai, pho, won ton soup, etc etc etc.  
Very few Asian cuisine restaurants create a lasting memory, for me at least.  I've eaten mounds of noodles, boiled beef, dumplings, fried chicken, water chestnuts, and and and... like most red blooded Americans.  And since most of that food all tasted roughly the same, I've created a new metric by which I appraise Asian food establishments. Sushi is a graded system all by itself, though.  For Asian restaurants, I look for service, what's available off menu, fried rice and dumplings. 
For Szechuan Hunan, I'm giving a good 4 stars.  They are close to my apartment and are the preferred late evening Chinese take away for me and my girl.  I give them the extra star for service.  Not only are all the employees as friendly as can be, especially when you try and fail miserably to speak some Chinese with them, they are fast and willing to make you anything you want, Chinese style.  I went in looking for some type of noodle bowl at lunch.  There wasn't anything on the lunch menu like that, so I asked the waiter and he ran down all the ingredients I could have in the bowl.  He asked what kind of noodles, meat, and veggies.  The man could have simply said, "Yo, what you sees, is whats I got." But he didn't.  And I enjoyed the best bowl of noodles in broth I've had in an age. 
My girl got the vegetable fried rice. Another metric of mine. It did not taste like rice thrown into a wok with soy sauce.  Even though that's what it was.  There was no mush or too much crisp and it was not overly soy-sauce-y.  The vegetables were crisp and fresh.  A solid rating for what is usually bland and generic.
Having already written about what makes this place 4 stars in my eyes (great service, food options, great fried rice), I'll say why it's not 5 stars.  Yes, the interior looks like every other generic Asian restaurant: Oriental decorations, Chinese zodiac on everything, a dragon here, a dragon there, the smell of soy sauce and Lysol, and a television playing some Asian TV show sub-titled in what I assume to be Chinese.  All that considered, it was the dumplings.  I've had real, fresh, handmade dumplings.  They are the ever illusive Beatles "Yesterday and Today" album covers:  I know they exist, but I can never seem to find them.  Unfortunately, they don't exist at Szechuan Hunan either.
To end this too long review, I give this place 4 stars. Mostly because I gave them a chance and they delivered.The new owners ruined what used to be a gem! Where did the former owners go? Is there a new restaurant? Does anyone know?I can't help it... I love a good Chinese food hangover remedy!  This place is less than half a block from my apartment and let's face it: with a hangover I am not walking any further than that.  The food is decent American-style Chinese... greasy and satisfying for about 15 minutes.  I prefer the tofu general tso's and the veggie lo mein... both of which satiate my need for healthy helpings of not-so-healthy food.  The place is also byo, so if your hangover cure includes a hair of the dog, I highly recommend picking up a few brews at Food and Friends and heading on over :)I got the squid in black bean sauce with extra squid. The extra squid was only two dollars and there was lots of it. The sauce itself was amazing with rice. It was an outstanding meal. Also this restaurant has a cool interior and you can watch communist tv while you wait for your food. It doesn't get any better than that!I get delivery from here about once a month.. mostly because its convenient to. They used to be on grubhub but now you have to call. The food is pretty standard and comparable to most Chinese restaurants. I've tried the general tso chicken, shrimp with broccoli, and sweet & sour shrimp. I was disappointed in the quantity and quality of the shrimp. The shrimp in the shrimp with broccoli was overcooked, while the coating on the fried shrimp in the sweet & sour was hard to cut through and eat. I'll be sticking to chicken from there going forward.Excellent attention and nice and fresh food and good costumer service. This restaurant was just ok up until a year or two ago when I'm thinking they went under new management because the food and service have improved dramatically. It's not what I'd call classic Szechuan (especially dishes that should be spicy are more toned down for Americans pallets) but the ingredients are fresh and the portions are large.Yummy yummy yummy I've got love in my tummy! Another fantastic meal from Szechuan Hunan deliver by the nicest, happiest delivery man in the world! I swear when Ping delivers my food it always tastes better and is prepared with love. This time I'd spare ribs and vegetable lo mein. All came piping hot and on time! Thanks for making my food with love!Absolutely dreadful.  Worst Chinese food I've ever had, and I've had a lot. This place should be declared a public health hazard. Plus it took almost 90 minutes to go less than half a mile to my place, so it was cold. We should be able to give zero stars.