I wish I had a place like this where I live. I've passed by this place so many times and wondered what it's like inside. The outside is clean and inviting with signs painted on the outside wall what famous local venders they carry. You walk in and the smell of delicious foods overwhelms you. I took a quick look around and it was so clean inside and inviting. It says go ahead and purchase anything in here and you will like it!. The sandwich counter is high and full of items on display. I wish I took some pictures but I was in a rush. The lady behind the counter was quick to offer help. I choose the small Italian made with prosciutto, the top tier Italian sandwich for only 7.50. What a steal, there small is rather big so it filled me up really good but not too big for me not to finish. There large must be huge for only a buck more.  Had friendly service with smiles everywhere. It was great to get lunch here and when I'm around Andorra I'll make sure to eat here again.Best neighborhood deli in the area - always a fresh roll and fresh lunch meat for my hoagiesI was at T &  F a few weeks ago getting a Turkey&Cheese hoagie, It had to be the best hoagie that i have eaten, I have been to alot of places, t&f is my favorite now, thankyou for the great service and food. You have won me over as a loyal customer.Solid deli for the locals, I'm here almost every weekend. Reasonable prices, good specialty products, local products, friendly staff. All you can ask for in your local deli shop!What a hidden gem! I love this place. Best Italian selection around. Breads meats cheeses pastas pastries salads... I love this place.I live a few blocks down go here about once a week for a sandwich. Never have had a bad experience. Love that its family owned and that the staff is very nice.
Cash only but ATM in the back
Support your local business' :DFirst time getting a sandwich for a quick, takeout lunch. Since it was Saturday, I went with the hot roast beef sandwich lunch special. It may have been a bit of a processed roast beef, but it was warm, good flavor, a nice roll, and a bit of sharp provolone. Based on their menu, I'd like to give some more of their sandwiches a shot.My dad used to bring me here when I was little and we were living down the street.  It wasn't until recently as I was driving through the neighborhood for the first time in a long time (18 years) that I remembered T&F and their monster hoagies from when i was kid.  This place brings back so many memories.
Finally decided I would come in and get the old standard me and my pops used to always split.  Italian Hoagie with Prosciutto and Sharp Provolone.  I got the small hoagie, i think its runs about 8 inches! I posted a photo, THAT IS HOW A HOAGIE SHOULD BE LAYERED! Nothing came popping out the top.  Perfect bite every bite. 
They have so much to offer besides the awesome hoagies! Fantastic authentic Italian products.  I wont buy my san marzano tomato puree anywhere else!  Great assortment of cheeses and salamis.
BRING CASH!!!!!
You will end up walking out the door with more than a hoagie and drink, so bring CASH. CASH ONLY!GREAT sandwiches. Also a good selection of other Italian specialties. Prices aren't too bad either and I always receive very friendly service.Came here based off the constant stream of activity outside at the store coupled with the great yelp reviews.  I was super excited to get myself one of these supposed top notch italian hoagies.  I usually go to Lenny's or Primo's on Ridge Ave. and figured that this hoagie must be at least at that level.  Boy, was I disappointed.  Anyone that knows anything about a good hoagie knows that the roll is the most important part.  A good hard seeded roll can make a hoagie.  T and F did not have such a roll.  Based off the Yelp reviews, I also expected the hoagie to be overflowing.  It was average level stuffed.  If my expectations weren't so high, it would have been a solid hoagie, but when you expect the best and are so let down, it is a disappointment.  I will not be back here, as Lenny's and Primo's are simply a step (or two steps) ahead.My hoagie was great. I was pleasantly surprised. I haven't had a decent hoagie since moving around here. The meat and cheese selection at this place is awesome. They are fresh cut for each sandwich. This definitely makes a difference. The staff was pleasant and helpful. I'll be back.As a denizen of the most italian reaches of South Philadelphia I have high expectations for a neighborhood hoagie shop/deli.  That being said, this spot can compete any day as far as neighborhoody friendly conversation, affordable and high quality meats and cheeses, delicious sandwiches and other delights.  Skip the supermarkets and try T&F, you are gonna love it.Amazing! Subs (hoagies) are SO GOOD, the bread is so fresh and tasty. I recommend this place to everyone in the area.I'll admit that I actively avoided this place for years because of the short hours and I really didn't understand what it was.  The name doesn't tell you what is in the store.  I finally went in and was a little overwhelmed by the amount of food merchandise for sale. A fridge just for The Pierogie Kitchen and a freezer for Marchianno's Stuffed Bread (aka stromboli). They charge $1 over what it would cost me to actually go get the latter myself.   Wall to wall pasta, soda, cheese, you name it.
I got a hot pork sandwich (don't call it roast pork, I got sniped at).  Very tasty.  I got a small which was about $6.50. Good deal.  I also got the potato white salad which was fine, nothing special. 
I was greeted when I came in, but after I paid, I stopped to put on my gloves. I heard talking close by and didn't see anybody. Looked down to see the two cashiers smooshed on the floor behind the counter yapping. Not a biggie, but you guys couldn't wait til the customer left? lol
No credit cards for some reason.Best hoagies in the damn state, id go so far as the east coast if i could give 10 outta 10 on here i would.
The staff is unbelievably friendly, incredibly prompt and just all around amazing human beings.
I have gotten hoagies and sandwiches there for well over 20 year and never once had a problem.
Tony and Friends Farmers market is a staple of the neighborhood for as long as i can remember.
If your new to the area you absolutely have to come in and make friends and your belly will thank you a thousand times over.This place is legit.  Just found it (thank you yelpers) and had an amazing turkey sandwich
My sandwich was simple, but sooo fresh and with high quality ingredients 
I don't usually love deli sandwiches, but I am convertedMy first time eating here , I live close by . Such friendly people and my food was AMAZING ( Santa Fe turkey hoagie with everything on it) and I definitely will be eating here many more times , THANK YOUI love this place.. I would always go in for a turkey hoagie, but on one fine day I walked in and they were already shouting out that they had no hoagie rolls, only kaiser and, seeded kaiser. I thought I was going to lose my mind.WHAT??? NO HOAGIE ROLLS?!?!!! long story short, this was a year and a half ago,..and since that very day the ONLY thing I order is my turkey on a seeded kaiser roll. That sandwich is a freaking head banger!!! And in my opinion way better than the darn hoagie. I LOVE this place!!!!! on my way there nowGuys here is an ATM in the back on the right side of teh store, no need for an additional trip anywhere. Perfect place great foodBest deli in Roxborough/ Manayunk area. The hoagies are amazing!! Highly recommendI've been a sucker for Deli's for a couple of years now. I didn't go here much when I was younger but I've made up for lost times recently. Hidden gem and great hoagies along with pretty decent roast beef sandwiches that are succulent. Vinny Ravioli is a legend at this place although I let him down not getting provolone cheese. Staff really takes care of business at this place. Also, one of the best smells. Place is decorated great for our beloved Eagles. Don't forget to grab a pickle while you are there.The best deli in Philadelphia. I get around eating hoagies it's been one of my favorite foods since I was a little kid. This place makes hoagies with love. When you walk in you feel like your at a family members house warm, and friendly environment. Would recommend this to people who love Italian meats and a great hoagie.So I live two blocks from the Italian Market... and this place just feels like home. All the great foods from South Philly appear here, and they do a damn good job making tasty sandwiches and salads. I make it a point to stop in when I am in the Andorra/Roxborough area.First time trying t and f and was def disappointed.  The hoagie I ordered barely had any meat on it and the roll was all soggy by the time I got home.  First time and last time going hereAll around fantastic delicatessen. Great food every time.
Roast pork is outstanding. Try the dips salads as well.It smells amazing as soon as you walk in.
Everyone is always friendly.
The prices are good for the high quality that you receive.
I recommend the delicious italian vegetable sandwich!Best Italian hoagie around  if you ask me. And they have everything else you could possibly want. Also the potato salad is great.The hoagies are delicious and the prices are even better. I will definitely be coming here for sandwiches on the regularI love this place.  It's my favorite place to pick up lunch in this area.  Their cold hoagies are excellent, as well as the sandwiches.  I always get the hot roast pork with sharp provolone and hots when it's available.  It's as good as any of the famous roast pork sandwiches in the city, but there's something special about their hots.  They really load them on; and they're tangy with a huge amount of heat.  They have a great selection of Italian deli standards, chips, soft pretzels, and big barrels of huge pickles.
The staff are always extremely nice as well.  They seem to remember everyone's name placing an order.  I don't know how they do it.  I won't come in for months and they always get it right.  No matter how long the line is you seem to get your food quickly.  I can't say enough good things about this place.Amazing!!!! The way hoagies are meant to be like. When baby hoagies are born they aspire to be like the ones here ;). Seriously though, a great little Italian shop that has every Italian you could possible need. Just know it is cash ONLY!!I'm so glad I found this deli! So fresh as they slice the deli meats to order and the hoagies taste amazing! I ordered the turkey and cheese hoagie which was awesome! My bfs Italian hoagie was just as good!! So many options and such a cute little store with tons of merchandise. Will absolutely be back soon!!Simply put these are the best hoagies in the area. You could wrap it up and stick it in the fridge over night and it will still be better than any other hoagie out there. Always fresh, fast and friendly. It smells amazing, everything they offer is good quality at decent prices. I would drive cross country to go here again.Another close to Manayunk favorite. Very good hoagies. All sliced to order. Very busy with great counter people. It has a nice selection of Italian specialties. De Bruno cheeses good pastas. Great soft pretzels at the counter with an amazing mustard. Again get a hoagie!!!Love T and F!  I have been to every sub shop under the sun (I love subs!) and T and F is the best.  I drive the whole way from center city to get my fix.  What's so great about it?  Where to begin.. The selection for meats and cheeses is ridiculous, sub rolls are always fresh, and above all, the customer service is excellent.  The ladies that work there are ALWAYS friendly and efficient at taking orders and making the correct sandwich.  I have never had to wait longer than five minutes (Primo should take notes) for any sub even though the place is typically bursting at the seams with hungry customers trying to get their T and F on.  It's the best!AMAZING SANDWICH. It was easy to order and it was done in minutes- so bravo for fast service! I honestly don't know if I have words to describe how amazing my sandwich was. I had ham & muenster cheese with some mayo, mustard and oregano. Very simple but oh man they knocked it clean out of the park.Great deli! We used to drive here hungover to stuff our faces with huge deli sandwiches. It's a little bit of a drive down Henry ave if you love on the east side of manayunk but worst it for a tasty hoagie.love this place. The staff is friendly. Ordered hoagies there and they make them fast. Not over priced. Everything seems fresh. Good selection or lunch meats and Italian dishes. This is my new hoagie spot.Cute little grocery store that carries lots of DiBruno products. Good selection for such a small store, only drawback is that it's cash only!T & F is an italian specialty store / deli.
Come here if you are looking for one of the best Italian Hoagies in Philly.
Umm yea so order the italian hoagie with everything on it... pretty simple. Cash only.This little market is great if  you are looking for a sandwich or a unique Italian treat. They have great deli selections and all of their sandwiches are made on fresh rolls. Don't forget to bring cash because  they do no take cards!Great Italian deli/market with a lot of specialty foods, but at much lower prices than DiBruno's. At $5.75, the hot pork with provolone is a great deal, and the service is always fast and friendly.Kick ass italian hoagie. Many other awesome things sold too- soft pretzels, tomato pie, pickles, pasta, pound cake, meats, cheeses, cakes- endless greatness. I will definitely be backFantastic little shop on the outskirts of the city! This place totally helps with any craving you may have for some true city grub including  DiBruno Bros cheeses and spreads, P & S Pasta & Center City Pretzel Company complete with Keller's mustard. 
They also carry Pierogie Kitchen and Lancaster fresh jams and such. 
Other local gems include Corropolese tomato pie and Zayda's pickles. 
It's heavily stocked with lots of Italian goods...boxed and frozen pastas, sauces and freshly baked loaves of bread. 
Produce looked fresh and was priced reasonably. 
The deli and to go counter counter are definitely a highlight and what most patrons were picking up around lunch time. I ordered a veggie hoagie which was delicious and quite spicy! It came on a perfect crispy roll and was stuffed to the brim. Minor issue was it didn't state it had cheese. I removed it no issues, but you may want to ask before ordering if you have an dietary restrictions first. 
They do party trays also! 
I picked up some cucumber and Israeli salads which were packaged in the fridge section. They were both tasty! I grabbed hubs some pumpkin bread pudding which he said was out of this world!! I think they're known for it!
The staff were all very kind and I liked the festive countdown to Christmas timer! 
It's cash only, but they do have an ATM on site. 
I will definitely be stopping here when in the area again. It's really a great spot for multiple reasons!The only downside is it's cash only but I'm not heart broken over that I just need to be prepared before going. I believe they have an ATM onsite but my bank charges me so I try not to use them. The Hoagies are great here and I'm a sucker for a seeded long roll. I've been able to get quality meats to take home and make Stromboli's as well. They offer Zaydas pickles and if you haven't tried them it's a must!! I was also pleasantly surprised to see they sell pistachio torrones. I was able to get them for my father during Christmas and he was so excited. They have their own Italian sausage and it's pretty decent but the kielbasa they other is top notch. It's not made heavily salted and the casing is more natural than typical store bought. I always leave happy with everything I came in for.Very good Italian specialty store/deli. Personally, I prefer Sam's Italian Market in Willow Grove, but there is a lot they get right here, I think. 
I like that they have a good quality mortadella for a good price (around $5/lb). If you try to buy this at Whole Foods, they will scalp you to the tune of $14/lb (outrageous). They also have some nice breads from local bakeries, but they can go fast. I've had a hoagie from here one, too, and that was quite good. And the people who work here are very nice. 
On the downside: they don't have large fresh mozzarella, which is a bummer, and the soppressata is not my favorite. Also, most annoying, it's cash-only. Half the time I would normally shop here, I can't, as I rarely carry any cash whatsoever. This is a good place, but not sure it's worth going to the ATM for. 
Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area (and carry cash)!Great deli food, always on time, and great service.  Reasonably priced as well.I love this place. My sandwiches are always fast and fresh. The sandwiches are always yummy and topped with the right amount of meat and toppings. The folks that work here are always extremely friendly. I only took away a star because they are cash only. Which can be annoying. I would definitely recommendThe sandwich was good but they only accept cash. I didn't realize that until checkout and was $1.25 short. I was pointed towards the in store ATM. That ATM charged $1.50 and my bank charged $2.00 for using a private ATM. My $4.50 sandwich was now $8.00.
I don't understand why any place wouldn't take a debit card. I am aware that they would get charged a fee for accepting them but it's inconvienent to customers and as I experienced, costly. I think any business this day would increase traffic enough to offset any bank fees. 
I left there quite annoyed and won't be returning.It's Roxborough's version of your local Italian specialty store.  Has an excellent selection of cold cuts and shelf stable specialty items along with some key frozen items including Bobby Chez crab cakes.  These guys can claim the best hoagies in the area.  Try the Italian it won't disappoint.Can't say a ton because I've only been here once, but I'll tell you what I do know.  Subs are big and inexpensive and boy are they good.  Literally took about 2-3 minutes to get our order of two full sized subs.  They were only about $6 a pop.  Awesome.  Got some of the standard macaroni salad and it was delicious.  Also grabbed a pickle that was soaked in some garlic and spices and had a real nice bite to it and only 99 cents.  They had some nice looking rolls and some Italian specialties, but it seems like the deli is the gem here.  Hope to go back from more subs!Great hoagies and other great products.  They have really good pretzels here, but are usually sold out by the time I come here.  Quick, friendly service all the time.T&F (TOny and Frank) is small and unassuming from the outside.  But inside? Che bello!  Fresh and dry pasta, aurora sauce (just try it), cheeses, a wide selection of De Cecco boxed pastas--amen), breads, tomato pie, and of course meats (high quality Dietz & Watson and Boar's Head), hoagies, and house prepared salads (mac, potato, mozzarella and tomato, etc.). Regardless of what else you get, if you like Italian hoagies, get a loaf of fresh bread (they sell Liscio's and Conshohocken) and a tub of fresh hoagie mix!  Unbelievably good!Great little neighborhood market place with all kinds of specialty italian Foods. They carry great local pierogis and frozen fresh pasta. If you go early enough they also have great bread. Goes well with DiBruno cheeses!
If you go at noon order their Italian hoagie! The best in the neighborhood!This place has the best hoagies in Roxborough (and by extension, the world). Screw Chubby's, D'Allesandro's, and whatever other pretender to the throne there is out there. This place is the real deal.I was reading the reviews for this place and decided it was time to give it a try.  I went with the Chicken Salad hoagie with lettuce tomato and onion.  
Where to start...it was delicious.  Plenty of Chicken saled, and the LTO was crisp and fresh.  I called ahead and did not have to wait when I arrived 10 minutes later.
I also stopped and grabbed some pasta sauce for dinner tonight.  I will try to update the review to include if the sauce was good.  
This seems to be like a great local spot, offering Deli and Italian market specialties.  So far I would highly recommend, and I will be going back the next time I am local.  Typically I include pictures, but I was hungry and it was delicious...maybe next timeGreat hoagies, Italian specialties, decent prices. (This better not make there prices go up)!  Whenever I have someone in from out-of-town and need to educate them about what a Philadelphia Hoagie is all about, I get 'em from here.  Only drawback is they only accept cash, no debit or credit.Great hoagies and friendly service!  Cash only but they have an ATM on site.  They carry other local companies like The Pierogi Kitchen. Best hoagies in the area, check them out!The best sandwich shop in roxborough. They also have speciality items you can buy there, such as pierogie kitchen, or tomato pie. You won't be disappointedThe only place to buy hoagies! They are huge - full of meat and cheese that is cut fresh for every sandwich. They have plain and seeded rolls, although they may be out of seeded ones later in the day.  
The whole place smells amazing - meats,cheeses, pickles. They also sell items from other neighborhood stores, such as pierogies, ravioli, bread....
Big selection of chips, candy, juice, soda.  Also sell different deli salads as well. They also have specialty items around the holidays.
Note, they are cash only but there is an atm on site. There is also free parking on their lot.Best place for hoagies hands down. Best quality lunch meats and wide variety of authentic Italian food.Quality local Italian deli. I've tried everything from the pasta salads, tuna salad, mozzarella, broccoli rabe, roasted red peppers, fresh bruschetta, etc. I really love their hoagies- packed to the brim and made to order. I prefer adding the Cajun mayo and sharp provolone to any variety of hoagie. Zayda's pickles can be bought chip style or a la carte from the bin. They also offer a small variety of pre-packaged foods such as Pierogie Kitchen varieties, "Dirty" chips, pasta sauce, calzones, etc. Fresh Philly pretzels on site daily as well as red pie (Corropolese). A favorite Roxborough spot!This is a local Roxborough sandwich shop with exceptional hoagies and great customer service. My family gets our hoagie fix here at least once a month, if not more. We recommend the corned beef special, Italian and roasted veggie hoagie. I always make sure to call ahead of time to place my order and they only accept cash. It's a no-frill shop you want to come back to again and again.Best little local deli to pick up dinner or lunch. They make great sandwiches and carry a great selection of pastas, fresh or dried ready to cook. They also have a nice selection of cheeses and sweets.Stopped at T&F for a quick bite to eat before a road trip. The hoagies are great, and it has a cute Italian atmosphere. They also have homemade sauces and Italian pastas so it seems like a great place to shop locally!Great little market - they even offer Corpolese tomato pie! They have great hoagies for awesome prices as well as specialty ingredients. I believe it was cash only though?Received a giftcard with expiration date three months out. They will not honor expired giftcards. If anything they should give you a year. Ridiculous.Amazing food and even better people. The freshest ingredients and hoagies in Philadelphia.Great food. Great people. They make you feel at home when you walk through the door. Everyone is friendly.  And the food is the BOMB!Simply the best. Cash only, but ATM on site. Love the hoagies, daily specials, and selection of local products. Excellent macaroni salad too (tastes exactly like the kind my Grandma makes). I've been there at least 50 times at this point, and T & F has never let me down!T & F is a the best deli and specialty food shop. Our neighborhood is very lucky to have a great family business like T&F. Their sandwiches and specials are always perfect. The staff is friendly and fast.I only got chicken salad here. 
I got the regular , the fruit and nut, and the buffalo. They were all good but maybe a little more salt then I would typically want. However the BUFFALO CHICKEN SALAD was freaking delicious!!! You could eat that with anything. It was like buffalo chicken dip but better and more chicken. DELICIOUS.
They have great customer service which takes this place to a definite 5 stars.This Italian Deli is the best!!  They have great cookies homemade from Brooklyn, great rolls and bread and a nice variety of Italian foods in general.  Love this place!!Fantastic deli. So glad a place like this still exists. Food is fresh. Deli meats are fantastic. Great hoagie rolls. Nice people working behind the deli. 
Only problem (and it is a problem) is its cash only. This is perplexing in today's age when many people don't carry cash. I come in here  and drop an easy $70 and I'd like to have the option to put on my credit card. Being a merchant in today's age means needing to do business with credit card companies. Period.Absolutely incredible Italian deli. Meats and buggies are very fresh. Bread is sourced form an Italian bakery. Authentic and delicious. Very fairly priced. Cash only!Hands down the best sub shop in Roxborough.. (maybe even in Philadelphia for that matter.) No where else compares. It appeared to me from the outside as like a corner store/ hole in the wall type place. But every single time we drove past, the entire parking lot was packed. We knew we had to give it a try. They are always friendly, it definitely has a "homey" feel to it. The employees really take the time to get to know their customers, it makes me feel appreciated. All of their subs are priced fairly, and their quality of meats is unmatched. The veggies (lettuce tomato onion) are always fresh, as are the rolls. They have never disappointed us and we've been there many many times. Consistency, Quality, Effort, and Friendliness is what keeps us coming back time and time again.The reviews are more than justified. One of the best hoagies I've ever encountered. Friendly staff that is more than willing to walk you through the massive array of options available. Dietz & Watson meats, dibruno bros cheeses, amoroso rolls, quality local products, you name it. When we went on a Saturday afternoon, the place was bustling with activity and you could tell that there were regulars. They had roast pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe that rivaled other local hits, and the italian with prosciutto is just so classic and on point. 
It took me awhile to finally stop in here because the facade outside does not do this place justice. Trust me. It's a gem. I expect to find myself there again very soon and often.There are two important aspects to note about T & F; The grocery store/Deli and the hoagies. The grocery story is a lovely little Italian market with most of the necessities, but definitely not as robust as markets in South Philly. Great for convenience though!
The hoagies and subs are great treats. I got the "prosciutto & sharp", which had very fresh meat, cheese, and toppings, but was piled HIGH with onions and not nearly enough dressing. They're a very high quality version of the cold cut classics, with some hot subs (sausage, meatball, roast pork) that look great. I'll try a hot sub next!Too late now probably, but they really should change the name. Not even remotely a farmers market, though they do have a small sampling of produce.  But it is one of the best deli and sandwich shops in Northwest Philly. DiBruno Brothers cheese and meats. Terrific frozen and fresh pastas, including raviolis, and gravies as well.  Couple of selections of tomato pies including Corpolese, and other Italian pastries and sundries as well.  Friendly folks who remember your name.Best hoagie I have had in the area. It's all about the rolls for hoagies, and these ones are incredible. I have been in the Philly area my entire life, but just recently moved closer to the city, so I have had my fair share of hoagies. I won't go anywhere else when I'm craving an Italian hoagie from now on. Just excellent.It's not a South Philly hoagie but it's just as good. 
Might even be better to those that prefer a softer and less crunchy roll (Sarcones,Liscios) if that makes sense. 
I can't imagine any locals ever eating at the Wawa on Ridge ave... their hoagies pale in comparison.  It's Definitely worth the 5 extra minute drive to go here instead.
As mentioned in a previous review they use Marchiano's Rolls. Which is a local bakery and is also very good in it's own right.
Btw it's cash only. 
Inconvenient but whatever...