Excellent, fun & yummy!  If you go at night check out the special swirling light logo at the bottom of steos at the entrance.Service was amazing and I really enjoyed the crepe. Came here after lunch and I actually should have come before bc I definitely overdid it on my stomach. Lol. 
I originally ordered the matcha chocolate truffle but read closer to the menu and decided to change it if they haven't made it yet. I really wanted ice cream. They were more than happy to obliged and only charged me the difference. I ended up going with the matcha azuki bean. It was really good, but I felt they were a lil bit heavy on the creme. I think I should have stuck with my original choice because the ice cream on top of cream made it feel heavy. But, I did really enjoy the toppings and crepe. The crepe was crispy yet soft and has a great flavor.
I'm definitely craving some now. Are they open at 730am?? LolSome of the best dessert I've had in ages! I had the Caramel Fuji Apple sweet crepe and I'd drive from West Chester to Chinatown in Philadelphia just to get another one. I'd passed by this beautiful store quite a few times and I'm glad we finally stopped in. 
They have a repeat customer in us.QUICK POINTERS
* Free WiFi
* Cash Only
* Considerable menu [1]
* Comparable to Eight Turn Crepes (New York) [2]
FOOD (experience)
* Chocolate Nut Party [3] [4]
OVERALL
T-Swirl Crepe makes for an awesome rest stop in the city! If you're not feeling all too hungry, order a smoothie. If you're feeling content, order a berry crepe, If you're feeling a little grumble coming up anytime soon, order a savory rib crepe. Point is, there is something for everyone in the group. Decent amount of seating; front and back rooms. Pricing is reasonable and affordable (nothing over $10 unless you're including additional filling) for a small bite that is a little more satisfying than a smoothie drink.
1-star for a satisfying crepe, 1-star for atmosphere, 1-star for location, 1-star for food overall (menu + pricing), and 1-star for cool service (they offer games for groups or kids to play with while waiting). They satisfy a lot of the criteria for a perfect snack stop. Service could be better, but pretty typical in the China Town area. Definitely worth checking out.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
[1] Selection of smoothie drinks, and crepes; reasonable pricing compared to a lot of other Japanese crepe joints
[2] PROS: more space, cheaper pricing (Chocolate Nut Party Price @ E.T.C. = $9.50 and @ T.S.C. = $7.50), and free wifi // CONS: Slightly less fresh
[3] Almond, crushed pistachio, chocolate ice cream (gelato), chocolate truffles, chocolate sauce, whipped yogurt, chocolate custard cream, chocolate pearl, and chocolate Pocky
[4] Perfect satisfaction for chocolate lovers! My ice cream scoop may look a bit smaller than what it initially was when they handed the crepe to me because of the time I spent trying to get a decent picture showcasing it's beauty, working with one hand to capture it without my other hand being awkwardly angled. Nice amount of each filling, Any more and you probably won't be a chocolate lover much more by the time you finish it ha.THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD. I AM SCREAMING AS I WRITE THIS REVIEW.
I always get the caramel fuji apple crepe and it makes me believe in God even though I'm an atheist.I don't get it. The mixture of flavors and the crispy texture of the sweet crepe weren't what I think makes good crepe. And you can't build your own crepe. To each their own. but it sucks you can't build your own crepe cause sometimes people don't like the flavor combos that are provided. Couldn't finish it after the cream cheese overpowered everything and there's not even that much ingredient inside the crepe. Might as well make shitty crepes at home, same thang.Very good quality crepes but the price too me is too high, and the layout of the restaurant is odd. This is like too big to be a snack too small to be a meal ugh.OMG you must must MUST get the Matcha Azuki Bean sweet Crêpe!!!! Truly a life changing experience. The Crêpe is just the right amount of crispy and it's GLUTEN-FREE (can you even believe it???). Flavor is rich and creamy, and I topped it all off with a scoop of green tea ice cream. An explosion of flavors with the red beans too. Can't wait to get my next oneI love going here, they make the most prettiest crepes! If you are scared of trying out rice crepes, dont! It doesn't taste any different, i love the crispy texture it gives!Fantastic dessert place with a variety of flavors. Service was really fast and the location is cute but not too over the top.I had to stop here after leaving my favorite Dim Sum spot. The store front has an amazing display of crepes. I was too full to have a crepe but I did get a mango bubble tea. It was delicious and the tapioca was perfect. They even give a decent amount of tapioca. The sitting area in the front is quite nice. There are a few games that you can play if you cone to hang out. It's very comfortable and they have a water station as well. I can't wait to return to try a crepe. They look amazing.First time reviewing! This place was very nice. It gives off a wood cabin aesthetic. I ordered the chocolate nut party and the matcha chocolate truffles for a friend at the same time. It took less than 10 minutes to make them both. It was super quick. Having a group of friends were okay because there was space near the front of this place for multiple seats. I will probably go back again to try the savory crepes.UGH T-SWIRL
You are the goddess of chinatown. Just perfect. The perfect size, sweetness, and variety of flavors. Seriously, this is the best dessert crepe I have ever had. The toppings make this place a pure standout (and the way you eat the crepe is pretty fun :))I specifically made an account to tell my experience about this place. I was really excited when this place finally open.  Unfortunately, my experience there was not the best. Since the interior is a newly reconstructed, the inside smell was not the best. It smell like the wood shop mixed with chemical. And the worst part was that I was in there for only one minute and I got quite sick, so I couldn't really enjoy my crepes afterward (which I only took two bite out of it). I definitely recommend the store to go to Bath and Body Works to purchase air fresheners so the smell can lighten up. Nevertheless, the interior design was definitely very pretty and I got to admit I really like how it looks. It looks like a great place to hang out with your friends and have a long chat while relaxing.
The lychee romantic crepe overall was not all that great. It's best to eat it asap upon receiving it, but overall it was too sweet for my taste. The only thing I like was that the crepes was made fresh and clean. I didn't go during the rush hours so it was made fairly quick.
Last of all, the customer service. I read the other reviews before going there. Most of the reviews states that they have good customer service but when I was there the person dealing with me was putting other customer before me (even though I was there first and I definitely did not get the first come first serve experience). In the middle of helping and talking to me the person would also help other customers.
P.S.: I would not go there anytime soon, but I would give them a second chance since not every first impression is the best. Hopefully by the time I go there the place would smell a lot better.Since this place just opened up I wanted to check it out. When I first came here with friends I didn't order anything. I liked the decor but I could not get over the paint smell.
Just came tonight and lo and behold, the smell still lingers.
We were greeted "hello" & "welcome" the moment we walked in, which is a great sign.
Stared at the menu for a minute and then made my order. Cashier was friendly and professional.
I got the strawberry banana crepe: Slice strawberries, slice bananas, custard cream, whipped yogurt, chocolate pearls, pistachios. It was better than I expected but not the best I've had. Given the price of the crepe, it's not enough to fill you up so I don't see myself frequenting here.Stopped by to get a dessert and funny story, my mom after looking at the front displays of the crepes thought they were ice cream cones and so she went to the register and asked for strawberry banana ice cream . 
We got the strawberry banana crepe and it was pretty good. The crepe was crispy and there was fruit throughout the entire dessert so every bite had fruit in it. They also put some chocopops onto the top which gave for a nice bite of chocolate among the fruit. 
I wish more of the fruit options came with gelato included though. Overall satisfied but probably isn't a dessert i would craveeThis is definitely something different & I recommend both tourist & locals to try this place atleast onceI had seen a few posts online about this place and they looked amazing. I happen to be around Chinatown today and figured I could quickly pick up something to try. I had originally wanted to try their sweet crepes. It was around lunchtime so we changed our minds to the savory side of the menu. First impression of the restaurant was good. The decor was simple but had a cool modern vibe. The music was a bit too loud though. They do not have menus on the walls, you had to pick up a menu from the counter. There were a few tables with people waiting for their order. There was a lot of people in the kitchen but mainly 2-3 people actually doing something. They had 3 stations to fill up the crepes but I saw only one girl rolling. Another girl was cooking the crepes. We decided on the chicken teriyaki and the blt. It came up to $16.20. I don't know the going prices for crepes as this was my first time eating at a place like this. It was about 12:18 pm when we ordered. We did not get our complete order until 12:53. I saw dessert crepes orders being made but the savory ones were taking quite a long time. Why are there so many people in the kitchen not helping the orders go out quicker?? The cashier called out chicken teriyaki about 10-15 later and I walked up and asked if that was part of my order. She asked me did I also order the shrimp and avocado crepe. I said no. She looked at me and asked me what I had ordered. Seriously? You just took my order. We made eye contact a few times when I was waiting. She asked for my receipt because my order was definitely not laid out with the others. I reminded her what I ordered and she had to go back into the system to check. It was there and then she put my order in to the kitchen. No apology or anything. I figured ok she will have them expedite my order since she made the mistake. Oh but she did not. I just could not wait anymore. I asked her if it was possible for me to just get refunded for the blt and I will just take the chicken teriyaki crepe. She replied they are making it now. I looked over and no they are not. I replied I can't wait any longer, I have to get to work. She pretty much turned away and another girl came up to me asking me what's wrong. I explained to her what had happen. She said the same thing the cashier said, it's being made now. Totally lied to my face because she walked away from me and went to the crepe roller and told her something. The roller pushed aside what she was working on and pulled a new crepe to work on. NOW she's working on it. I'm staring at them and clearly they are rushing. I thought to myself, these better be the best freaking crepes ever! The chicken teriyaki crepe was def lacking as it was cold from just sitting there. It was actually kinda bland, the teriyaki was very subtle. It might have been good if it was at least warm. The blt was much better as it was "fresh". It def had more flavor. I get it, they are new. The crepe roller was still using the menu to see what ingredients went into each one. I still want to try their sweet crepes but I will not be making that trip anytime soon.I think this place is very cool and I enjoy their crepes a snack/lunch. Wether I have a sweet tooth or feeling something savory they've got it all. And they're Gluten Free!!!!!!!The sweet crepes are phenomenal! The chocolate melts in your mouth with each bite. The crepe itself has a satisfying crunch accompanied with any fruits you choose. I am definitely going to be back here again to indulge in another sweet crepe soon!Love the concept and all the different flavor profiles here. I always opt for the sweet crepes over the savory. We had the matcha azuki bean , matcha chocolate truffle and lychee romantic. The process in making these crepes can be entertaining to watchWow, dessert crepes that are reasonably priced, freshly made, chocolate and fruit.  Yum!  Great place to go after dinner in Chinatown.When eating crepes, you imagine a warm crepe with fresh toppings inside. However, that's not the case. After waiting 15 minutes for a crepe when we were the first in line in the empty shop to order, the hold up was kind of ridiculous. By the time we got our crepe, it already turned cold (which was expected because of the long wait time). 
Don't get me wrong. The crepe itself was good but the service was such a turn-off. We had the matcha chocolate truffle. Filled with matcha cream, strawberries, and soft chocolate truffles, it was fulfilling. It's good, but I'm not paying $7+ for it. imo It's not worth it when it makes me feel guilty inside. (￣ー￣)
The crepes are fun but it was overpriced and service was slow. It can't imagine what it's like when it's super crowded.Little place on 10th in Chinatown, the food is certainly unique.
Crepes stuffed with an option of sweet and savory options, then wrapped ("swirled") into a cone shape and served in a paper cone.
The crepe was cooked well, as were the Angus Short Ribs that we're stuffed inside. Also crammed with all sorts of veggies and topped with a tasty chipotle aioli, this was perfect "on the way to the next bar" food.
Light but filling, it hit the spot after a few beers and I'm sure a sweet variety would be a great after dinner treat.
I'm sure I'll find myself back here next time I am in the area.Who doesn't love a good crepe for dessert, or even as a main course? T-Swirl here offers up some great options for those looking for a sweet meal whether it be for breakfast or a late night snack.
I was attracted to T-Swirl for their baddy deal that they advertise right in front- $9 for a dessert crepe and boba. Being the extremely dedicated Asian that I am, I could not pass up a deal that offered both sweet and well... more sweet. Let's do it!
I ordered their Blueberry Cheesecake Crepe and a Honeydew Milk Tea. Since I came right as they opened, their tapioca wasn't ready (boo...) so I opted for jelly instead. After ten minutes, my beautiful crepe and drink came out and to my amusement, was very Insta-worthy. 
The crepe itself was very good but a bit too sugary for me with the cream they used. I wasn't able to finish mine since it was so big so you may want to consider splitting one with a friend if you don't have the biggest sweet tooth like me. I loved that they used fresh blueberries though! As for my boba, I wasn't a huge fan since it was simply milk tea with flavoring. Given that the crepe was already so much sugar, it was a complete overload with both. My recommendation would be to stick with one or the other.
Their savory crepes look delicious so if I ever come back to Philly, would love to try one of these as well.Matcha chocolate truffle was amazing the first time I got it! It was my first time at T-Swirl crepe and I wanted to try something different besides the typical bubble tea in Chinatown. The crepe itself was crispy on the edges and flavorful inside. The fruit was fresh and the yogurt cream inside was delightfully sweet but not overwhelming. The chocolate pieces melted in your mouth with every bite! My fiance and I actually came back a second time a few hours later and reordered the same thing and it didn't taste quite as delectable but it was still tasty! Would definitely recommend! Presentation was beautiful, as well! :)I like this place a lot. I love crepe and their crepe are so delicious. I can just have the crepe alone and it would be amazing. 
T swirl is where I go for dinner and dessert, because one order of crepe really fills me up. My favorite are the sweet crepes. I always order blueberry cheesecake, lychee romantic and mixed fruit crepe. 
Definitely, my go to place. :)The prize is a lil bit high, but the food is really making you stuffy....I had the chocolate nut party but substitute the chocolate ice cream with vanilla seeing that there was so much chocolate already in it (highly suggested!!). Nevertheless, it was pretty good. The ice cream scoop (also a really small scoop) was only at the top of the crepe, so at the bottom it was just ALL chocolate which was a little overwhelming. I know it's called the chocolate nut party, but there was just too much.
There was one person in front of us in line (not as crowded as the pictures show) but it did take a while for us to get our crepes... Almost a 20 minute wait...
Heads up! They only took cash when I went (on 8/6)! Not sure if it's because they just opened and haven't gotten everything set up yet.Disappointment.
Total Stars: 2.5 Stars
Service: (+1 Star) 
A quick exchange of words 
Not too long of a wait time 
Quite fast.
Expected when it's empty.
 Environment: (+0.50 Star)
Okay. Some people say the setting is cute but in my opinion, the decorations is something I could come across in a Chinese hair salon. Taping posters by putting tape on the four corners of the picture on the wall isn't very well, appealing to me, and there was a little bit of dust in the corners of the floor.
Presentation:(+0.75 Star)
Beautiful Artistry but it didn't look comparable to the window displays. 
Quality: (+0.25 Star)
Great ice cream but 
the fruits were not fresh. 
The mangos tasted like when you cut a mango and left it out to oxidize for a long time, to the point it tasted like it began to go bad.
The Raspberries lost their sweetness and was more mushy than usual. One of them broke in half when the workers placed it into the crepe base.
The base of the crepe was pretty thin, and the edges were crispy. Is this suppose to be like a cracker on the edges? Biting into it hurt the corners of my mouth. (The one I had in NYC was better tasting compared to this)
Price: (+0 Star)
I paid $9 for a mango strawberry crepe with a scoop of chocolate ice cream. It's darn unreasonably pricy for a crepe that wasn't that great. Wasn't worth the splurge. 
Aftermath: 
With the ice cream scoop on top, that turned out to be the main highlight. I literally ate the top, didn't like the taste of it afterwards, and trashed it out. I'm not going there again. I rather save my money for the one in NYC when I go visit there again.Did not expect to see a Japanese crepe place in Philly's Chinatown! All fresh fruit and ingredients!I ordered the "shrimp avocado" ($8), which comes with spinach, carrots, red peppers, edamame, and a spicy- sweet sauce. The crepe is thin prepared to be thin and crispy, which helps it contain the contents. The cone also helps keep it all together, however there was some sauce seepage towards the bottom- make sure to grab napkins. I was most surprised at how fresh all the ingredients were. Its basically a lovely shrimp salad inside a crepe. You can tell from the pictures, that was some perky baby spinach.  Similarly, the avocado chunks were properly ripe. The pieces of shrimp are nicely grilled and aren't those wimpy little ones. I felt satisfied but not weighed down. Had I not been lunching solo, I probably would have split a dessert crepe.I would come here everyday if that was physically possible!!! Absolutely in love with the matcha azuki crepe, it tasted like heaven and I could have eaten 3 more, happily! Hubby got a savory crepe and also devoured it! I live in eastern CT and have heard there is a location opening in New Haven and I can't wait, even though it is an hour away. Will definitely be back here the next time I'm in Philly!For low cost, casual, somewhat quick eats,this place was a delight. I got a shrimp and avocado crepe that was very carefully assembled along with a and honey green tea to drink. It does take a bit to get your order out especially if there are a few orders ahead of you. Also the dining area could be more comfortable and inviting.
There is a $10 minimum for credit cards.This place is a yum-factory. The service is good. I'm gluten free and the girls were very knowledgeable about what I could and couldn't have. They were courteous and welcoming even though it was 11:30 at night.
My crepe was amazing! I got the Strawberry Banana (no custard or chocolate pearls as both have gluten) with vanilla gelato and chocolate syrup. The crepe shell was crunchy, but soft in the middle and sweet/flavorful. The bananas and strawberries were super fresh. The gelato, which had real vanilla bean and was so great, really made it, my friend got no ice cream and had the custard and wished she had done it differently.
I wish I could eat it again as I write this review. Really happy we ended our night of Philly Phood Hopping here. The parking lot across the street is reasonably priced and the people are actually really cool.Dining Partner and I were walking around Chinatown and saw a man holding a ridiculously good looking cone-shaped crepe. I googled and found T-Swirl. I've been there twice now for the banana chocolate crepe. It is insanely delicious. It was busy both times and we've waited 20 minutes for our crepe after ordering. They give you a buzzer while you wait for your food. The crepe we selected is freshly made and lined with banana and chocolate custard, drizzled with chocolate syrup, with chocolate chunks and bananas. It is large enough to split, but I could also easily have eaten the entire thing myself. Can't wait to go back to try the Blueberry crepe. $10 minimum on cards.Came on a late Wednesday night and the line was still very long. The place is nice. Open brick look with plenty of seating for chats and games. 
The ordering process was little confusing. As I placed my order I was able to watch the staff make the crepes. It was fun to watch. The front end person who handles the order and money was nice but had way too much on her hands.
She calls out your order number. Gives you your order. Scoops up ice cream. Washes her hands and never dries them and continue to give out orders. As it dies down, she then takes your order. I will have the Matcha Azuki Bean. What? Number 9 please. Lol. $7.95 plus tax. Gives back change and continues the chaos of calling out numbers. Her hands are still wet.
I take a seat and wait with my husband and read the menu. 100% Rice Flour. Naturally Gluten Free.
Oh wait my number is called. I pick-up my order and it's pretty. One scoop of matcha ice cream, wrapped in rice flour crepe and strawberries. Two pocky sticks. Whoever invented this idea is a genius.
It was light in flavor. No sweetness at all. You taste the matcha flavor and bean paste. The crepe was crispy and aromatic. I liked it but again, it is not something I would try again. I am a dessert fanatic and actually will give stars based on how good the dessert is. This was just ok. Pretty, simple, light but not something I would keep coming back for. 
They also offer savory crepes. Party orders and catering. Parking is hard to find. Metered or lots.We have been waiting to try this place since the location was under construction. Yet, some of the reviews made us weary. However, our visit landed on the brighter side of the spectrum. Delicious!! 
To start off- I love, love, love their plastic crepe displays at the front window! All so realistic with so much detail. 
The crepes were airy, crisp and light - down to the last bite with all the toppings. We tried the angus short rib one- this is a must try. The sweet and savory flavor a are well balanced- yummy! For dessert we tried the matcha truffle crepe- delicious. Just the right amount to sweetness - and the matcha was not too overwhelming. 
The service was quick and friendly. Perfect place for a lighter meal/ snack and are looking for less traditional flavor a in Chinatown. 
Be warned- it's a cash only place.Nicely decorated and the crepes are not bad. They offer sweet and savory crepes and coffee and smoothie drinks. New to Chinatown and you'll feel the hype when you walk in. It is crowded and kind of chaotic. There is no real instruction for where the line starts for ordering and be ready to wait a little longer for your food. There is seating but you'll have to move tables and chairs around if you have more than 2 people in your party.Had egg white mushroom truffle and vegetarian lover. Both are very good. Highly recommended. The girl at the counter is very friendly and helpful. I took mine home and she gave me clear cone-shaped plastic bags that fit perfectly. Both were in good shape upon arriving home. Definetely will go back.I had the smoke salmon crepe. At first I was a bit hesitant to take a bite because of all that baby spinach and the green beans. But ... this crepe was DELICIOUS! You have to try these guys out. I'm going back for a sweet crepe today.
The only reason I give 4 starts is because the bathroom was a total mess.The Angus Short Rib savory crepe and the Matcha Chocolate Truffles with matcha ice cream were both delicious, but also very overpriced for the quantity of food (the addition of small scoop of matcha ice cream was $1.50, which is a little ridiculous though very worth it considering the sweet crepe was neither very substantial nor very filling). The Angus Short Rib crepe was a little more filling, though it was also super overpriced. But maybe I'm a little biased because I'm used to humongous crepes from La Petite Creperie on Penn's campus that cost less than these crepes and are twice the size. These crepes do have a distinct crispness and flavor that La Petite Creperie's crepes lack, though. 
Previous reviews complained about slow service, but I received my food within 10 minutes or so at around 1 pm on a Saturday, so no complaints about service. 
Overall, good taste and nice atmosphere, just too pricey for the quantity of food (don't come if you're really hungry!). If I do return, I will most likely stick to getting savory crepes, since those are a bit more filling than the sweet ones.I'm surprised I haven't written a review for this place yet. My first time trying a Japanese crepe was in NY and I was in love!
I was so excited to see this place in Philly while visiting my sister. At this place I've only tried the sweet crepes but they are the bomb dot com!
The first time my sis and I ordered the blueberry cheesecake. It was made to perfection. Each bite was just as good as the last. Creamy sweet and not too sweet (if you guys follow my reviews I hate overly sweet things lol) and the perfect amount of blueberry which didn't taste too artificial.
The last time we went there was with more people we ordered 2 crepes the Matcha and the lychee raspberry one. These didn't hold up to the blueberry cheesecake one. But it was still delicious. The lychee one was fresh and light and not too filling. The matcha one was instgram worthy. As for taste very light as well and creamy but plain because it was mostly matcha and the cream didn't fill to the bottom of the crepe.Walking around Chinatown with a friend I spotted T-Swirl Crêpe's aesthetically pleasing display and was immediately captivated. I went inside to take a look at their extensive menu of both sweet and savory crêpe creations and after quite some time I finally decided on the Blueberry NY Cheesecake. 
Blueberries, Blueberry Reduction, Whipped Cream Cheese, Custard Cream, Whipped Yogurt, Vanilla Ice Cream (Gelato), Almonds, & Chocolate Pocky Sticks all inside of a crêpe! It was absolutely amazing! A sugar rush experience!
I've grown quite fond of T-Swirl Crêpe and I'm glad to see them expanding their brand to locations all over the East Coast. You have to try one for yourself.This place was hit or miss during its first week of opening but my goodness what a turn around. 
Their crepes are artistically rolled and very flavorful. The cold ice cream is a great complement to the crepe and the flavors are just scrumptious. Personally my favorite dessert place in Chinatown. It is a bit pricy ($8 for a crepe) but the portion is large enough for two to share. My personal favorite is the NY blueberry cheesecake.This place was okay. Their crepes were big and pretty decent. Do I want to go back? Hmm, probably not, not because they weren't good, I don't have a taste for crepes much.I remember when T-Swirl first opened and my oh my was I excited. Creperies are well known popular snacks in Japan. Especially how the stands will draw your attention with the displays of different options to choose from. Yes, very eye catching.
Anytime I'm in Chinatown, this is of my top choices to stop in for a sweet treat. Everything is made to order and right in front of you. There can be a crowd at times, but you can chill out while you wait and be paged. It's better to eat it right than and there because the crepe will be nice and crisp. I also prefer coming here over Kung Fu Tea as their batter has different consistency. My favorite choices are the Matcha Azuki Bean and Chocolate Nut Party. I haven't tried any of the savory ones, but heard you're not really missing out on anything. 
PS - They also offer a loyalty program.Oh my gosh, T-Swirl is amazing! Their menu is huge, so once you've decided if you want to take the sweet or savory route be prepared to spend a few extra minutes figuring out exactly which crepe you'd like to order.
I kept things pretty classic and ordered a banana nutella crepe. This was perfectly simple, sweet and delicious. The crepe is absolutely massive and is well worth the 7-8 dollar price tag. It came stuffed to the brim with lots of nutella and bananas. Next time I'd probably order the same crepe, just with strawberries. 
My first visit was in Philadelphia, but I was happy to learn that they also have a location in North Jersey! Next time I am craving a crepe I know exactly where I'll go.Solid crepes with a nice crust and very nice custard cream. I wish the ice cream was a bit smoother and less icy but overall the crepes here are great. I personally enjoy the Chocolate banana one best. A rare find!Great crepes!! Got a savory & a sweet crepe! The BLT crepe was amazing! The cut of bacon is thick & the flavor makes you melt. Every ingredient compliments one another. The freshness of the lettuce and tomatoes and the creaminess of the egg and avocado is wonderful! Let me talk about the crepe itself! It has a great crisp that adds to all the textures making your experience even more enjoyable! 
Now I got the matcha chocolate truffle crepe for dessert. Heaven. I love green tea and chocolate and then add the strawberries :). But wait, the girl taking my order asks if I want to add ice cream! There were four flavors to choose from and of course I add more green tea to the crepe! It was delicious. I devoured it. Don't wait too long bc the ice cream will melt and take away from the crispness of the crepe. A soggy crepe is no Bueno. 
The only thing that was a con was the wait. The sweet crepes come out faster than the savory, but disclaimer: I did go during lunch time. I think the avg wait is 20 minutes, but folks it's definitely worth it!My girlfiend and I are visiting Philly for Valentines Day and decided to stop by here for dessert. The person at the counter suggested we try their Valentine's Day T-Swirl Rose so we ordered this along with a mixed berry smoothie. I've tried a variety of crepes from many different places, and I believe this place has one of the best tasting crepes I have ever had. The crepe was beautifuly presented, complimenting its delicious taste, and the mixed berry smoothie tasted fresh and not too sweet - perfect. Inside the shop is a cozy seating area and the staff are very polite and friendly. Definitely recommend this place :DI have only tried the matcha azuki bean crepe at T-Swirl, and I have no plans of ruining my impression of T-Swirl by trying the ones other Yelpers dislike, because this crepe is SO FREAKING GOOD. Close your eyes for a second and imagine biting into a warm crispy crepe and then suddenly hitting creamy green tea ice cream and smooth azuki bean paste. Seriously, what is there not to like? My boyfriend hates me because every time we come here I deceptively say we are sharing but actually eat the whole thing myself. Do yourself a favor and eat this. NOW. Sorry for the runon sentences but I really, really like this crepe...After several visits, it's just not as great as I remembered. My favorite would be the NY Cheesecake and that's the only crepe I ever order. I did try other crepes from friends, but they just seem to be too sweet for my liking. A visit once every so often if you're craving something sweet would be my tip, since they can be a bit pricey.Wow, this place was a kick-ass find.
Walking through Chinatown, trying to figure out how the hook-and-ladder truck is backed into the firehouse on a super busy, narrow street, I happen to see a huge glass window full of ice cream cones with spinach in them.
Looked closer, and apparently the Japanese are making crepes full of salad and berries now? Combines most of my favorite things. Had to give this a try.
Plus, it is by far the cleanest, most organized and modern restaurant we came across in this part of town. 
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki, my sis got the Wild Berry. Reasonably priced, always a good thing. Service is good. The guy behind the counter was quick to get us a menu and enthusiastic about taking our orders. 
They give you a vibrator to let you know when to come pick up your food, which is cool. Took about 10 minutes to get the signal. I didn't watch them make it (too busy watching that fire truck back into the garage), but I assume the crepes are made ahead of time. Ours were cold, and I don't know if that's intended, but its definitely not something the French would do. 
Regardless, the food was great. Ingredients are very high quality, and live up to the menu descriptions. I didn't try my sister's (not a fan of sweet pancakes), but she dug it and said mine was solid, too.
I annihilated the thing in a few minutes, Super tasty, very light and great flavor. Very happy.
I'm so intrigued by this place, had no idea this was a thing. But now I'm hooked; good thing they are a franchise that is hopefully coming out West.We went there yesterday mykids loved ittttt
We got the dessert crepes 
Dark Choco ice creams so yummy
be back for sureGreat place! Delicious crepes! Excellent services! I'm sure U will love these crepes! What r u waiting for! Go and try!Just so good!
We had both sweet ones and a savory one. All were very good. 
We had the banana choc, the apple caramel and the smoked salmon. 
Great dessert, good for a fast breakfast or a mid day snack.When tswirl first opened, it was good. But as business started to die down, their crêpes quality went with it. They started cheaping out on the ingredients, also they make the crêpes extra thin = hard. Crêpes texture isn't supposed to be hard & crunchy. I don't think ill ever go back again. I gave it a couple of chances and tswirl continued to disappoint me and my friends. 
Not to mention the wait is forever even though there really isn't much business.The pricing may be a bit high for a Chinatown spot, but I really enjoyed my chocolate nut party crepe and was satisfied with the service. The chocolate ganache filling and scoop of dark chocolate ice cream on top were both silky, creamy, and delicious - a pleasant surprise, as I was expecting to taste Asian market-quality chocolate. The space is clean and there's a variety of seating options. They remain open pretty late, so it's a great stop for dessert after a meal in Chinatown. I would definitely come back to try some of their other sweet crepes.Amazing and delicious crepes. Large and filling
Get the one with nutella, truffles and strawberries!Visiting Philly and wanted desert.  First try crepe.  Great place. Clean and comfortable as we walked in. We got to see to watch as we patiently waited for our crepes. Waited about 15 minutes for our crepe.  But definitely worth the time. Was so good and pretty too eat.   Recommended.Every time I come to Philly, I absolutely must get a crepe from here. Though a little pricey, it's irresistible for my sweet tooth, and the crepes, most of the time, do not skimp on the toppings! The employees are alright. I almost always get the strawberry banana crepe, though I think I might actually try a savory crepe next time. The matcha strawberry one is great too, as well as the banana nut. They have free wifi and chess/cards/jenga, and a small room, so this is a great place to hang out with friends. It can get quite busy, though. Definitely will continue coming here :)I tried the sweet matcha crepe and savory truffle mushroom crepe- both were good but nothing too special about them. Beware that it can become messy! Make sure you read the instruction on the side of the crepe box when you're eating. Also the prices are more costly than other crepe places around, although this it is a convenient location. 
Suggestion: For the matcha crepe (#8) on the menu, I asked to replace the red bean (because I'm not a fan) with mango instead and it complimented the taste really well! They add mango all around the crepe so it's a must try if you're not a red bean lover- don't worry there's still hope ;)It's on the pricey side for a to-go crepe. I got the smoked salmon crepe with egg and avocado (extra dollar for each) so the total came out to around ~$10. The crepe was thin and crispy (I normally don't like crepes but this was pretty good). There was a decent amount of smoked salmon and other toppings inside. Decent crepe.. just pricey for chinatown.
They have food crepes (shrimp avocado, smoked salmon, etc) or dessert crepes with ice cream. I was hungry and looking for a snack before dinner so I settled on the salmon crepe. They take your order and then call out your number when it's ready. 
The place gets packed at night. I went around 6:30pm on a Friday and it wasn't too bad. They have a decent amount of chairs inside for people to sit. I walked past this place later that night and it was packed.
I recommend coming here to try it but I prob wouldn't come back. Not that I had a bad experience but it's a novelty thing.I did not think I could enjoy any gluten free item as much as I enjoyed that crepe! 
I went for the banana chocolate and while I thought it should have been more loaded with ingredients for the price, it was definitely delicious and filling.
$10 card minimum and the ATM has a free so come prepared with cash! 
Advice: grab some dim sum and then save room for dessert at T-Swirl!Love matcha with chocolate flavor..we bought salmon crepes as well and it taste so good with crepes.I usually come here when I crave for some sweets. The service can be a bit slow at times especially during the weekends. I usually order the mango raspberry crepe and add vanilla ice cream to it.
The crepes here are a bit big so it's best to eat it when you have an empty stomach and not after eating a large meal~
As a lover of sweets I really do enjoy coming here for some crepes.I love this place! You can have a savory crepe or a sweet crepe. My friend got one of each and shared. That's the way to go! Order the savory one first and then eat it while you wait cuz it'll be done by the time you finish. This was a first hand account haha 
We had one with salmon and capers and creme cheese. It was delicious but could have had more creme cheese. For sweet, we had the matcha red bean one. Sooooo good! Last time I went there I had the lychee one which was excellent too. I will probably have everything on the menu. My friend loved her chocolate one with brownies.
The place has a nice cozy sofa area in the back where my friends and I played Jenga and enjoyed some clean conversation. The water was infused with lemon and it was tasty and free! Be sure to bring cash! And they have a stamp card too. Buy ten get one free?I tried both sweet and savory crepe, but crepe they have not  enough  filling inside, the  price  is  too high  for the  thin  fake  crepe, won't  come back  here  again 。 dannI love love this place. It is probably my go to place to get a filling dessert. The price is almost the same as getting rolled ice cream. Make sure to bring cash when going here. I think they have a minimum of $10 to use card. Aside from that, enjoy sweet and savory desserts :)This place is something different.. wide variety of crepe fillings..we tried matcha chocolate truffle..it was delicious..but we hoped for more filling like they kept in display..nice place for hangout..Matcha azuki bean crepe was such a delightful treat! There wasn't any azuki bean so it's more like a matcha fruit crepe. Things I look for in a crepe - must be warm and crispy, must be flavorful. This place did just that! Tip: Eat the scoop of ice cream until you can smoosh it into the crepe, then eat it like a pizza. Yummmm!Great crepe place in chinatown
 It's just couple doors down from TeaDo. I tried the Green Tea Ice Cream Crepe and man it was good. Next time I'm around chinatown I will try different flavors.
KUDOSAs a regular T-swirl Crepe's fan, I was very disappointed with this store.  I have been going to T-swirl store at 2 Mott street and 14th street in NY, and they offer great service and great crepes. Very different for the PA store. I was visiting my Family in PA today so I took my family to the t-swirl store, and ordered 4 crepes.  I wanted use the free crepe card, however, They told me that I can't use the free crepe reward card because the card has NY address on it?? I thought this is a franchise so why can I use the free crepe reward.  I would give a zero star if I could!!!  PS crepe in this store isn't good as the store at 2 Mott street and 14th st in NY.I love how the crepes here have a little crunch, unlike traditional crepes. Love the variety...both savory and sweet. I tried the matcha one and really fell in love with the complex flavors and textures. I'm not much of a sweets fan so when I say I like something sweet, I really mean it! I will definitely be back to sample the savory ones. Highly recommend!Who doesn't like crepes and ice cream? Add Pocky sticks and I am sold. I tried the popular matcha azuki beans which is Green tea ice cream, strawberries, and other amazing flavors rolled together in a crepe. They do a great job including strawberries throughout the crepe which is spread for the most part, evenly throughout. Nervous about the beans? No worries, they are sweet flavored and not overly abundant and adds a great overall taste. It is a great somewhat-light perfect ending to your meal in Chinatown if you save room! The price-tag is somewhat of a deterrent though at being $8 and you cannot use credit card unless you have a $10 minimum. Otherwise, it is a nice treat every now and then!I like their ny cheesecake ice cream crepe.  Their stuff is a bit pricey, but they do give fruits, custard, ice cream and toppings. I've never tried their savory crepesNice crepes. Crispy and sweet. Full of cream, fruits and chocolates. This place even invents salty crepes! Although I don't dare to try those.Worst iced coffee we've ever had, I did not stay for the crepes tho they looked amazing.Nope. So I'm local and kept passing this place since it first opened. I finally went in due to all the good reviews about the matcha truffle crepe (side note, my phone autocorrected "truffle" to "struggle" - smartphone indeed). For almost $8 cash because this establishment refuses to accept credit cards for purchases under $10 (that policy never fails to make a business look ghetto), I got a cold dry crepe with barely any filling. Sure, some strawberry slices here and there. Some lines of matcha and chocolate smears. Some tiny square truffles/chocolates thrown about. For $8 I could have just bought my own box of truffles. This thing was mostly shell. 
So at least when I was there, the crepe shell was already made. Cold, dry, and crisp at that point. Mind you, only one other customer was in the restaurant and he already had his crepe. At lunchtime. Two customers. The crepe girl was so cheap with the filling that all the crepes must be like that. I could have gotten a full lunch nearby for $5.