Can never figure out what to eat at Temple. Sometimes I need something hardy and filling but don't feel like greasy pizza or burgers and don't want to spend a fortune at the food trucks for meager portioned alternatives. 
Tai's is fantastic. 
Their curry sauce is all you need. Curry tofu or curry chicken are both excellent choices. Adequately filling without that tired feeling that other Asian cuisine options can leave one with. 
The curry broth is so savory and umami that even if oyu go with the lighter tofu option, you still feel like you ate a perfect amount of beef/chicken. 
Yum!Tai's has been my go to place for almost 4 years. Everything here is delicious: from the spicy "Mala" series to the sweet Coconut Chicken. If you're feeling like a meatatarian, I would go with the bourbon chicken as they are not skimpy with the amount of chicken they give. The summer rolls and spring rolls are really good too!! Highly recommend this to everyone. Also, now they are taking card!!Food is definitely fresh. Quality of the food is one of the better quality food places around Temple. Price for the portion may look good but dont be fooled by the amount of noodls. Definitely not a good ratio of protein to noodles. Taste and quality on point though.I love this place! I love the Pho, and beef ho-fun. The summer roll is pretty good. The ice tea is good. Just about everything there is pretty much good. Of course there are better Vietnamese places, but this is a food stand, so if you are in a hurry and at Temple.. this is the place.I love Tais's FOOD!!! It's the place to go for a great and affordable meal! Whenever I'm curving for authentic Vietnamese food, Tais's the place where I will go!! I love their Ma Po Tofu!!My first Vietnamese meal came from here..for a whole year I bypassed this place cause I had no idea what I would like from here. Now its one of my go to lunch places at work. I usually get the #5 Grilled Chicken Salad..it is delicious. Everything is so fresh an container is filled to the top..worth every penny. Never had any issues with my food from here!This will not reduce the number of undergrads lining up, since it is cheap convenient and popular. But I got the lemongrass tofu bun, brought it to my room to eat it, and almost choked on a very long hair embedded in my noodles, all tangled through it. disgusting.Amidst the tired old pizza and sandwich joints that comprise Anderson food court, Tai's is something of a godsend. The bubble tea is powdered and not the best, the pho is not mindblowing, but Tai's breaks up the monotony of college food options. The dumplings are decent boiled or fried and the spring roll over vermicelli is a filling, yet inexpensive option. I don't like a ton of the pork dishes because they predominantly taste the same and are pretty overpriced for the quality of meat. I recommend the dumpling noodle soup; it is huge and wildly satisfying on a cold evening. Bring your cash, no cards accepted here. The service is fast and friendly and beats the pants off the other businesses on this block. A Temple staple.I'm a bit biased here, but this is probably the best spot to get something Asian at Temple.  I usually ordered the double pork noodles when I was a student.  I came here recently and had to visit my old stomping ground.
Nothing much has changed except for the signage.  The wait gets pretty long around lunchtime so would recommend calling your order in early and picking up.  
Food is just as I remembered!Tai's is definitely one of the better chinese/viet food places around Temple's campus. They have really good rice dishes (com tam) that serve with the viet fish sauce such except that they use normal rice. I don't have a problem with that and it tastes pretty good too. The Pho is decent too and i think its the only place on campus that has such a thing.  The actual chinese food here can be a little bland. Its definitely one of the places that Temple students should try if they're missing home cooked food by mom. The only thing is that they seem to raise their prices every semester/year so now its just average priced.My choice place around Temple to get Asian food. Dumpling noodle soup in the colder months and sesame or bourbon chicken otherwise. I have tried a bunch of other things on the menu but those are my "go-to orders". The only major fault I find is that they do not accept credit/debit cards which is always frustrating when I have a craving for something from their menu but no cash in hand.A good go-to place for lunch that is close to where I work on campus. The prices are fairly cheap and pretty good. When the weather is cold, it's also a good place to get pho to warm yourself up although, in my opinion, you could get a better deal and better broth if you went to an actual pho restaurant instead. But this is campus and trekking to a pho restaurant is often not an option.
The menu is expansive, ranging from noodles to rice dishes and even mapo tofu. And there's always a line during lunch so hit the stand between classes to avoid the rush.A solid place to get a bite to eat.  The food is a little better than your average Asian restaurant, the service is reasonably nice, and they give you a lot of food for the price.Tai's is a food stand located in the strip of permanent food stands on Temple's Main Campus on 12th Street, next to the Tech Center and across from the Library.  I get food from here all the time.  Now, I've had way better Vietnamese food in my life, but, for a food stand at Temple, their food is pretty good.  I usually order the Lemongrass Chicken Bun (which is rice vermacelli noodles with the chicken and nuc mam - probably not spelled right, but that high-protein fish-based sauce that the Vietnamese use for everything).  It's really good.  I also like their summer rolls (rice paper, shrimp, rice vermacelli, etc. inside - not cooked except for the shrimp) and peanut sauce for dipping.  Their homemade iced tea isn't bad, their Vietnamese coffee is really good, but their Thai iced tea leaves something to be desired.  It's too sweet and has a coconut flavor to it that I don't like.  Also, expect to wait 5-10 minutes for your food (that's pretty fair), and the lady who takes the orders and then calls out the orders as they are ready is a bit hard to understand/hear, especially when it's crowded.  So make sure you pay attention to her when you're waiting for your food.  All in all, this place is pretty good.  It's a regular spot for Temple students, faculty, and staff to get something to eat on campus.Hands down, one of my favorite Vietnamese take outs in town! Service is a bit slow but it's definitely worth the wait. Fresh, healthy, & flavorful means an A+ in my book.Food is okay, don't really like their fish sauce. Price is a little expensive since it should be a bit more price friendly for poor students. 
But there's not many Place that offers VIET food around here, so if you're craving for viet food, it's convenient and will do the job.This, being my first Vietnamese experience, is what I compare all others to. Though I can't speak for their pho (as I've never had it), I can definitely say that their rice and rice vermicelli dishes are the best in the city for the price. My go to dish is the double chicken vermicelli bun with spring rolls (which isn't on the menu, I just ask for it). I've also had the sweet and sour soup, which is utterly amazing (it has pineapple) and the Vietnamese style sweet and sour chicken (with rice, fresh green peppers and an amazing S&S sauce). If you call ahead, the service is as quick as you need it to be, and if you like sweet tea, theirs is the sweetest. 
The menu is extremely diverse and I haven't had a regretful dish yet.The deterioration in quality has become so obvious that I am actually posting a negative review. 
I regularly order the Pho Sate, and the noodles in recent months have been overcooked and served in short stuck-together clumps. It's like slurping chicken noodle soup. And the noodles break apart in your mouth. No chewing needed.
I won't even go into the dwindling portion sizes. Very disappointed.
If I return I will stick to non-noodle meat dishes.I literally made a Yelp account because of this place. It is literally the BEST Asian food and some of the best food I have ever eaten. 
I am in my final few weeks at Temple University and I am deeply saddened at the fact that I just now discovered this place. It is by far the best food on the campus. 
Tai's Vietnamese has inspired me to never order general tso's chicken again. I am a changed man! My favorite meal is #84 aka the double pork with rice!
PROS
-best Asian food I have ever tasted
-incredibly flavorful
-fresh food
-fast service 
-friendly service 
CONS
-no credit card machineI am a loyal customers of Tai's because the food is fresh, quick, and affordable. The portions are really satisfying. I usually share with one of my friends. You can't go wrong with bourbon chicken, double pork with spring roll bún, string beans with shrimp paste, or pho saté. Try it out! It's always popping here at lunch time so be prepared for a slight wait.I will try this place again. I didn't really care for the Mee Siam and the burnt taste and smell. Also I hate when I eat shrimp and it's not cleaned properly. It takes about 2 seconds per shrimp to clean the back of them. Will try the pho next time and update this review.I like the food here. Quality ingredients and big portions. However, if there's more than a handful of people in line then be prepared to wait a while. Also, they recently upped their prices (that were already high to begin with). I usually only go here when I'm really craving their food. If you want something cheaper, the other nearby restaurants are a great option (like Richie's).Love, love, love! I was craving Vietnamese food and someone recommended this little place near Temple University. I was not disappointed! Tai is so cute and sweet (the owner and server). This place is cash only, but luckily my friend told me that before I arrived.
I've been here twice so far and both times have been excellent! I ordered the Tai's Grilled Chicken Salad with chicken - so good! I feel like getting the salad part is somewhat healthy and the chicken has so much flavor, you will love it! I highly recommend checking this little place out! It's delish!I might have too many three-star reviews. Sometimes I wish I needed to choose between two and four, but alas, there is a three-star review. Ideally, I'd like a four-star system to you couldn't choose the middle.
With that said, I think Tai's Vietnamese Food all things consider (minor competition on the "Anderson row" of stands and just a few decent Asian cuisine places on campus) is a good place to eat. It has a huge menu that needs some searching and discerning to get through, but it's worth it.
Lemongrass tofu and eggplant tofu are ones I recall enjoying to an extreme degree.The portions very sometimes depending on the time you order. They are pretty quick making the order, and Tai is pretty nice. Definitely some of the best food I've had on campus. Cash or diamond dollars only!Got the beef Chow fun. Taste is uninspired though not as greasy as some other low quality Asian food shops around. Also closed at 6 during summer.I love it here! You get a lot of food and everything I've tried has been delicious! My favorites are coconut chicken and sweet and sour chicken. Food is made to order so it always taste fresh. Not your standard takeout! They do get pretty busy around lunch and especially dinner (starting at about 5pm). You can call ahead and order though to save some time which is awesome. This is one of the few places I eat on campus.Wow I didn't think Tai's would really be on here LOL! 
Before I say anything, I love the lady who takes your order and her voice "Burbon chickin!" Haha love it!
Food is great, even my picky Viet boyfriend admits that its pretty good. They have been upping the prices lately but its still very affordable and definitely better than any Chinese food place! If you want something to drink, try the bubble tea. Try the summer rolls if they have them...mm...with the peanut sauce...I think I'm gonna go get some...
(Btw Temple people, they take Diamond Dollars!)Yum! Tai's is a great place to stop by for Viet food on Temple campus. The staff is super friendly, and their food is always yummy. I love their vermicelli with grilled pork and fried spring rolls. Their drinks are great also. Reasonably priced great tasting Vietnamese food.I feel like I'm being a traitor. But it must be done.
Tai's has upped their prices over the years which is understandable as long as they kept the quality of their food. 
Well...
Their bubble tea is now made from powder, their bourbon chicken is slightly burnt, and their fried rice tastes like its been sitting around all day. 
The only thing I still love are their summer rolls and thats ONLY because of their peanut sauce. If they bottled and sold that shit, they would make millions. But I digress. I miss the old Tai's...The bourbon chicken was excellent.  I'm from out of town but my friend who lives there says its the best in town.  Another friend ordered the pho with shrimp and loved it as well.  Quick eats and great spot for people watching in a park like setting.I LOVE TAI'S .... CHICKEN BUN OR LEMONGRASS CHICKEN BUN! TRY IT! at 6 dollars and a phone call and no wait away makes it the best thing on temple campus since ... well I don't know... just try it.Thai's is really good.  A go - to for me while I was on campus.  The fried dumplings are delicious and the pho is as good as you can get off a tiny food stand.  The bubble tea is really really yummy and they have tons of flavors.  I love that they give you free iced tea if you go over a like $8 I think.  Solid food and the woman who works there is nice :)Today I came back for the shrimp pho. It was PERFECT. It was a really big bowl, hot and the veggies and shrimp were good. As always, I burned my mouth trying to eat it fast because it was so good.Good old reliable Vietnamese food. According to Yelp, it's the only Vietnamese place around the Templetown area. Food comes out pretty quickly. Just make your order, then stand around and wait for it to be called out when it's ready. I especially love their goi cuon (summer rolls)... but I always love the summer rolls. Very generous serving sizes, for reasonable prices. I ordered a chicken salad, expecting something light, and ended up eating the rest of it for dinner that night!
Pretty vast menu, I feel like I'll eventually get through it all. Everything tastes pretty fresh! They've also got bubble tea.I have to give Tai's a bump up here, simply for being the only decent Vietnamese food in the area.  There are trucks nearby offering Vietnamese...but none of it is edible.  Tai's is still not at all blowing my mind, but it is consistent and not un-tasty.  OK Vietnamese food is better than no Vietnamese food, any day.This is one of my go to places on campus for good food. Granted it won't compare to your standard vietnamese restaurant, but as a little vendor on college campus, it's pretty good. I usually get my usual, the beef szechuan, and I love it. Their bubble tea is pretty good too. The only downside is their prices have gone up a lot over the years and it's a long wait (sometimes 30 minutes) compared to other places which take like 5 minutes.do not buy summer roll! it has nothing other than one and a half shrimp, lettuce, rice noodle, and 2 leaves of basil. You can see tiny strand of fabric/hair along with little dots that look like dust on the paper rice which is gross!! and it is 4$ for two medium size roll. Other foods are okay but like others be expected to pay $7 & up in order to fill you up. Don't expect authentic Vietnamese food here as they have cucumbers for pho.My favorite place to eat on campus !! In love with basically everything they have. Can even accustom to what you would like. I usually order the double pork with rice. Comes with grilled sliced pork and pork chop. The spring rolls give it an extra touch and is super yummy ! Definitely recommend !I went here the other day, looking forward to Vietnamese food on campus.  First, half the stuff on the menu is Chinese; their selection of actual Vietnamese food is not that broad.  I had some bun, and it was kind of underwhelming.  The fish sauce was watered-down or something, and while Vietnamese food is almost never bad, this was really not that good either.  Plus it was more than it should have been, considering the fast-food quality.  Meh.Thank you, Tai's. You helped me discover a new love for vietnamese. This place is great.. Everything you want from a street vendor: quick, cheap, and delicious. My favorite is the double pork with rice. 
And I agree with Sue K, there is something totally awesome and authentic about the lady at the window who takes your orders.Temple U has its own Thai place? I had no idea.
Hooked on to Pho only very recently, I was stoked to find a Thai place on the food wall thanks to Yelp [duh]. I have been to the wall several time but missed out on this joint. As outlandish as it seems to eat Pho out of a container in the middle of campus, i did it! My food cravings knows no boundaries. The spicy pho that had coconut milk and beef in it was pretty damn good for coming out of a plastic bowl in north Philly. Plenty of Thai Basil and sprouts came on the side. What was better were the Summer Rolls for about 3 bucks that I tried on my second visit. Very light and cooling in the heat.
The staff is nice and amicable and the price seems absolutely reasonable compared to everything else thats available on campus.Tai's Vietnamese was my gateway to Pho and Vietnamese food in general. Tai's has been on Temple's campus for at least 7 years because it was around when I was a freshman in 2005. We would come here for the decent Pho and the huge spring rolls that come with tons of fixings. I would definitely recommend this as a cheap, fresh, and filling lunch on Temple campus.First time here. Ordered chickeb pho and it was so delicious. Hearty and filling. Flavor was dynmite. Also ordered a green tea bubble tea n it was also really good.First time trying Viet food and it was great! I got lemongrass chicken and spring roll bun.
Only con is that it did take awhile and food is a bit expensive for the amount you get compared to a Chinese lunch combo.The owner's voice is so shrill, and that's pretty much the only thing I hate about Tai's. Everything I've had from here has been above average. Their pho, although definitely not comparable to sit-down-restaurant pho, is decent and is a quick fix for cravings. Summer rolls, lemongrass pork, chicken and rice soup, mapo tofu, etc. etc. Tai's offers a variety of foods that satisfy! Plus, the new renovations and updates are visually appealing.Tai's Vietnamese is a nice Viet-fast food place located conveniently on Temple's campus, close to the TECH center and Anderson Hall. My first experience there was somewhat subpar. The wait took awhile and I was surprised that my order was completed way after the people who ordered after me. There's a lot of options to choose from, and the price is okay. Pricier than some of the other options at Temple, but the food seems fresh! I ordered the Burbon chicken, but I wasn't in love with it. The sauce on the chicken is somewhat gel or jelly-like. It tastes good but is a pretty weird texture. The broccoli was nice and crunchy, tasted fresh! The rice was sticky, and was pretty good. Be sure to eat your meal when it's nice and hot! Leftovers don't taste very good. Yummy with Sriracha if you're a hot head like me 
Tl;dr - Okay place if you're tired of the usual. Expect to pay $7-9.I literally never write reviews but this was tho best pho I've ever had. I got the Pho Tai and it was perfect. You don't even need to add anything additional. They only take cash and Diamond DollarsTai's is a great place on campus to snag a bubble tea or to get something good to eat for lunch. I am a big fan of the Thai tea with bubbles!! I am also a major mapo tofu fan and Tai's got the perfect recipe down! 
Sometimes during a lunch rush things can get a little crazy there, especially with so many different options I have had a few occasions where there was a mix up or my order was forgotten but overall the service is great and the food does not disappoint!Great stuff but their portions shrank a lot.Ah the memories! I frequented this place during my undergrad years. I stopped by Temple today to pick up something and made my way over to Tai's. Their half and half tea is the best. One sip and it took me back reminiscing to the years I spent here (which was many moons ago)..  The lady that works the window is still there and still very sweet. Try the eggs rolls and summer rolls!!Why is this place so popular? I got the summer roll amd bourbon chicken. Chicken was tough and bland. The summer roll was just a lot of noodles, lettuce, 1 or 2 mint or basil and 3 pieces of half shrimp. A typical summer roll is supposed to have pork but this one didn't. Also the peanut sauce was way too sweet. I was really hungry but couldn't finish 1 summer roll (it came in a pair) and only ate 3 spoonfuls of the rice and bourbon chicken. Disappointed.A pretty decent vietnamese restaurant on campus/off campus. Had the bò kho with rice. Totally recommend it. But wish they added more potato,carrots and veggies to it also.Yummy iced bubble tea! Perfect for a warm and sunny summer afternoon. Definitely recommend adding some lychee jelly. I love their Thai tea! Very refreshing.I love Tai's! 
Their lemonade is very good, and I swear it's got a bit of lime in it, too.
I really enjoy that they have ho fun because I love myself some big fat noodles. I don't know anywhere else on campus where you can obtain such a fat noodle.
Their steamed dumplings are to die for.
If you like bubble tea, this is the place to be.This place is amazing. Authentic Vietnamese food. One of my favorite is the rice with grilled chicken, charred pork and egg rolls. One of the things I love about Temple's Main Campus is the food trucks.Oh Tai's! I'm sure my Southeast Asian Yelpers may disagree or agree with me but I love it here!
I had always been wary of this place that is located on Temple University's campus but after joining a student organization for Southeast Asians (Cambodian, Vietnamese, Thai, Laotian, etc), I came to learn that the members had high standards for the Asian food they bought and businesses they supported. Of course, I disagreed with their nitpicking but maybe because I love food and don't mind if something is a bit burnt or lacking one sprinkle of spices. 
One day I asked my friends in the org. what the best Asian food joint at Temple was and there was an astounding number of recommendations for Tai's!
I can't believe I never stopped to eat here until I was a senior! What the heck indeed! 
There is a reason as to why there's a constant line and people picking up take-out orders even when it's freezing cold out (I am one of those hungry suckers waiting for my food because it's worth it). 
Tai and her family (I'm assuming) are so sweet and friendly and hustle to whip out your food. I constantly crave their bourbon chicken. However, in my opinion, the portions can be A LOT.
I often have to give half of my food to my boyfriend since there's so much. My only complaint is that sometimes Tai's gives you too much protein and not enough rice. However, my Asian brethren can agree that nowhere gives you enough rice! 
$7.50 with no tax for a hefty portion of mouthwatering marinated chicken in a bourbon sauce with a decent amount of broccoli and rice? Hell YES. 
It's convenient that it's located by the Tech as you can walk there and sit somewhere to inhale your food if you can't sit outside at the strip. 
I also recommend their bubble tea, especially the Thai Tea. If I choked while drinking that and died, my family and friends will at least find solace that I died doing what I loved: drinking quality bubble (I may be a liiiittle dramatic). 
10/10. I will miss you, Tai's. 
(Featured is my leftover bourbon chicken. That's more than half the chicken they gave me!)Today i tried tofu vietnamese hoagie and i expected this to be vegetarian but in the sandwich i saw some meat paste looking thing and i'm concerned if i unknowingly ate meat.
i've ordered tofu banh mis at many places and in my experience it normally includes ham but will say it either in name or description.
So did I eat ham? And if so please change the title of sandwich so it's more clear.Fav bubble tea, appreciate how you can get menu items with tofu if you are vegetarian. The best!I haven't been at Temple in forever, but I still wonder what sauce they make for their steamed dumplings AND their steamed dumpling recipe. Tai, will you tell us how to make your sauce?! It's absolutely amazing and hits the spot every time.In my seven days on Temple's campus, I have eaten at Tai's four times.  The service is very good in spite of the lines (and they take phone orders as well) and everything I have had is delicious.  The spicy lemongrass beef, the various bun dishes are all good.  I haven't tried the pho but will soon.  They also have my favorite canned soy milk so that's another plus as well as bubble tea.  I will definitely be visiting Tai's regularly and as it is just a few steps from my office...all the better!Great food and service! My favorite dishes are the is Bourbon Chicken and Pho Sate. I recommend calling ahead. There's usually a line and a little waitIn my seven days on Temple's campus, I have eaten at Tai's four times.  The service is very good in spite of the lines (and they take phone orders as well) and everything I have had is delicious.  The spicy lemongrass beef, the various bun dishes are all good.  I haven't tried the pho but will soon.  They also have my favorite canned soy milk so that's another plus as well as bubble tea.  I will definitely be visiting Tai's regularly and as it is just a few steps from my office...all the better! đ ăn ngonI ordered the pork hoagie, and it came with the most amazing paste making it a fun, light surprise. However the bread was ok not very light or crispy, and it came with all the usual filling of a pork Bahn mi minus the fish tofu which gives it that extra flavor.