Perfect food, perfect service, perfect ambiance. Anything I left out?  It was my first time there and they certainly left a good impression. Even on a Monday night, the place was packed! 
It was cold so I could not sit outside but even inside I felt like I was eating at a beautiful garden. I will make sure to sit outside in the garden as well when it's a little warmer. The pork belly is to die for and the waitress worked with me on my customized "mocktail"
From service to food to ambiance, This is now my favorite restaurant.This place is perfection! One of the nicest restaurants I've been too! The food and presentation was on point. The place is stunning in a beautiful garden setting. We ordered the burger which was so delish and the chicken waffles. The sangrias were great too! Not to sweet just the way we like it.Excellent meal!
We sat outside and the atmosphere was wonderful...great place for a romantic dinner for 2.
Arrived around opening (17h) time, seeing we had no reservation, and that was good considering the place was hopping later.
Had a the taster's menu, which changes daily...as to b expected for the 8-course menu prepared by the chef himself, each dish was exquisite! Complimentary champagne, coffee and house granola for the road rounded of a lovely experience!
Staff in general were brilliant, but our waiter Paul deserves special mention...thanx.Delicious, they do gluten free like Rock stars!  Pricey but worth it.  They are indeed famous for their cheesesAte at the bar. The bartender was kind, thoughtful, and efficient. Food was incredibly good and we loved the dessert. I don't always review restaurants we love but I just so enjoyed this dinner.I was here for a business dinner, but Talula's would definitely be great for a special occasion. The food was fantastic and the atmosphere is warm and creative. Everyone at my table enjoyed their dishes and the waiter was very knowledgeable and able to offer suggestions for both food and drink. They have a wonderful seating area outside, that if it hadn't been early April, I would have loved to take advantage of.  I definitely recommend stopping by!Excellent food, horrible service. Every time I come here for either brunch or dinner I have high expectations, and every time the service is sub-par. Long waits for food (which is somewhat understandable given how popular the place is) and servers that are either unknowledgeable about the menu or less than pleased to be working there. 3 stars because the food is deliious and the restaurant itself is beautiful.It typically takes a over the top great experience for me to write a review. However that is exactly what Talula's Garden is. Another great place with an awesome setting and food that blows you away. Their cheese plates are great. We also had their brunch items. Bacon and buttery biscuits were phenomenal. I think it was the best bacon I've ever had. Goat cheese gnocchi with local mushrooms was a great cap.Been here a couple times now and both meals were excellent, and in some way different from other Philly restaurants I've been to.
While most reviews rightfully focus on the food, I think Talula's deserves attention elsewhere.  The space, as many have noted, is very comfortable, even peaceful.  Despite how busy it gets you never feel cramped or like you need to yell in here.  That's big.  The service has always been great - you can tell the staff is well versed in the menu if not a bit jumpy in telling you so.  Heard from an employee they even send staff out to the farms where they procure much of their food to learn where things come from.  That's pretty cool. 
This is not to say the food isn't amazing.  Get a cheese plate.  I recommend the Master Collection for its variety, but the others I've seen or tried have been great as well.  Plenty of accompanying fruits and crackers that only enhance the experience, and the staff does a great job explaining each cheese when plating.
I would recommend getting two of the smaller plates rather than one main course since they're about half the price, more than half the size and this allows you to try as many things as possible.  I've had the salmon rillette, a goat ravioli that is no longer on the menu, and the NJ clam pasta.  All were light and refreshing yet filling.  Perfect.  Have heard nothing but good things from groups I've been with about what they tried as well (lamb belly, fluke crudo, hallibut).
Go.Sitting outside in the garden area anytime between May and October.  There's nowhere better. Best cheese plates. Best service, best everythingI have yet to have bad meal at this place. Great cheese selection and I love how the menu changes with the seasons.Service, food, and atmosphere are all impeccable. Great for anniversaries or birthdays. Make sure to call a few days before your reservation and request a table in the garden. Get a cheese plate.Though we do not live nearby... This has become one of our favorites. Every dish is perfectly executed and brings joy to your palette. The service is impeccable. Definitely a must!Had dinner at Talulah's Garden while visiting from Las Vegas.  The service was Phen-Om-On-Al!  We started with the crab salad and the fried oyster salad.  Wow!  they were great  then we shared a bottle of Chardonnay. We had the salmon and the sword fish entrees. We were so impressed.  Our server was so helpful and really steered us in the right directions. We made a reservation and we did not have to wait.  Being from Las Vegas, we understand service, and the service at TG could not be beat.  Great food, great service yet not pretentious.  We finished our meal with Baily's, Jameson & coffee and the doughnuts.  A great way to end an awesome meal.What a nice space! We stopped in for a drink before reservations at Rosa Blanca and had a nice time. The bar area was small and packed, but we managed to secure two seats (for four of us). If you end up having to stand, you may find yourself frequently in someone's way and having to perform a small dance to get out of the way and then back to your spot before repeating before repeating before repeating. 
That said, the drinks here are quite good. My wife had the Optimist (lemonade, huckleberry syrup, etc) and enjoyed it, as did my friend who got the Beekeeper (honey, ginger beer, etc). They have a small but nice beer selection, which I opted to choose from. 
We also ordered a cheese board, which was fantastic. It came with about 8 cheeses on it, ranging from a truffled hard cheese, through a triple-creme brie, through the Cabot clothbound cheddar, through an amazing blue, all drizzled in honey and served with pecans and grapes. One of the best cheese plates I've ever had, seriously. I was also impressed with the bartender's ability to tell us about all of these cheeses. 
Looking forward to stopping back in for a full dinner.I went to Talulas Garden for a family dinner, and I was really impressed. The Daytripper cocktail was fruity and interesting, and while the portions were small-ish, the food did not fail to delight. I highly recommend the calamari appetizer and the duck entree - both delicious. As for sweets, I sampled both the doughnuts and the cobbler, and both were divine. Would love to go back soon, when my budget allows!From the moment I saw this place online, I knew it would be absolutely amazing. All the reviews I read online were true about Talula's. This place is simply perfect. From a great scenery to amazing food and very delightful staff members. I went for brunch and dinner with one of my friends and we both agreed to go back to Talula's when we go back to Philly.
I've recommended this place to all my friends! Who ever owns Talula's Garden, please keep up the amazing work!!
PS! If you would like to sit outside, please make reservations!!Visited from Chicago and went with local friends.  Wonderful atmosphere, creative and wide menu and knowledgeable service.  A thoroughly enjoyable evening.
mikerCheese plate: GREAT
Atmosphere: Great place for big groups and dates as well 
Meal: some are better than others
Had this place in mind for awhile, and ended up going for a birthday dinner. 
It was a great place for groups and I imagine it would be a good place as a date place as well. 
Make sure to get their cheese plate, it is SO good. We got the "World Travel" one, I would come back just for the cheese plate itself. 
The meal I got was a Maryland Crab and Saffron Chitarra, but it was just okay. My friend got the Braised Beef Short Rib,and it was good, I will get this next time.My son and I came here tonight to celebrate Mother's Day.  We're visiting Philadelphia to celebrate (me being a single mother) we spent the day at the Franklin Institute and to be perfectly honest he was HANGRY!  I purposely set an esrly resevation for that reason.  The staff was amazing!  They were patient and brought the bread asap.  Our waitress was so sweet and understanding, made my son off the menu lemonade.  The food was simply fantastic.  My son had the salmon and ate almost the whole plate.  I had the skirt steak and it was tender and flavorful.  My son also had the ginger ice cream and carrot cake, he literally melted in his seat.  All in all an amazing experience!Superb experience here. The food, service, wine, and ambiance were all top notch, with healthy portion sizes, quality presentation, and great taste justifying the expense of the menu.Oh my this was outstanding!  Had the roast duck with white beans and bacon, which was out of this world.  As expected for a restaurant of this quality, they modified things as needed for my mother's gluten free diet.  Yes, you will spend $75 per person with a decent bottle of wine, but this experience was well worth every bit.  As previous reviewer said, only wish we were here when outdoor seating was possible!The wait staff here was fantastic and the ingredients were top notch, but the execution was lacking. Their mushroom soup had excellent flavor but no texture because it was blended to a puree. Almost everything I tasted was painfully salty - and this comes from someone who loves salt. I think they have the makings of a great restaurant with beautiful dishes made with impeccable ingredients, but the chef that prepared our meals did them a disservice. Cocktails were superb.After reading all of the rave reviews for Talula's Garden, my husband and I were very excited to try it out. However, from the moment we stepped in to the moment we left, we were met by one disappointment after another. Both the service and the food were average at best. 
First off, despite having a reservation we waited 40 minutes to be seated. The bar was small and completely impossible to enjoy, as we literally had to elbow through 2 rows of patrons to get drinks. When we finally got "The Dreamer" and "The Farmer", we found no difference from a regular old gin&tonic and margarita. 
The food was as unmemorable. We started with the softshell crab (which was the only delicious thing we ate) and the rabbit pasta (which was overly salty and completely inedible). For the main course I had the halibut (which was overpowered by the taste of dill as well as overcooked) and my husband had the lamb (which again was oversalted and much too rich and mushy tasting with the polenta). The food lacked dimension in regards to flavor and texture. 
A handful of our friends have been to Talula's Garden and have had similar experiences. Bad service, overpriced, overrated, and completely impersonal. I have no intention of going back.After such a memorable first experience I had high hopes but the sequel came up short in recreating the magic. The number one disappointment was the service throughout was simply never there. It turned into an over 2.5 hour dining experience (which I normally wouldn't mind but this was not a multi-course meal).
The cheese boards are still my favorite in Philly hands down. By the time we finally received the one this night I couldn't even wait for the descriptions before chowing down. I opted for the trout main course which was flavorful but needed more lemon sauce or something else to complement it. The mushrooms side this night were nothing more than something I might saute up at home in butter, such a shame. No point in sticking around for dessert this time around, I just wanted to end this meal. 
Still a huge fan of the location, outdoor space and cheese board. I will just be wary if next time in the first 15 minutes after sitting the waiter is no where to be found.WHAT. YOU NEED TO GO.
Now, this was extravagant. I chose this place for my birthday dinner. WOW. I had the chicken and my mom had the goat cheese ravioli. The chicken was maybe the best chicken I've ever had? The green sauce was so fresh that I could taste the dirt. The potatoes were BOMB. We couldn't resist splurging on dessert: ricotta doughnuts. These ricotta balls of light taught me a very important lesson. No matter how happy you are, don't cry in front of a waiter. They really don't know how to react considering you're crying over food. 
If you're willing to spend the big bucks on an amazing dinner, definitely hit it up (70 bucks for two entrees and a dessert w/ coffee). WORTH IT. There's also a Talula's daily which we went to the next morning, which is the best alternative if you're on a meth addict budget like all us college students are.Excellent spot whatever the occasion. The food and atmospheree are truly spectacular. I'd highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a cute experience with some pretty phenomenal food.I was truly disappointed by my experience here.  The ambiance was lovely, the service was stellar, but the food was mediocre at best.  I was appalled at how they managed to ruin some amazing ingredients.  The halibut we ordered was unevenly cooked - one piece was undercooked, the other was overcooked and mushy.  We left the oxtail stuffed artichoke (two of my favorite foods) on the plate as it was overcooked and chewy.  The "slow cooked" pork belly on one dish was hard and chewy.   The lobster was unevenly done.  We were so disappointed that we didn't even stay for desserts, which says a lot if you know me.  I would recommend waiting awhile to visit to see if the kitchen can sort itself out.  
If you go, sit outside in the garden and only order appetizers (the stugeon rillete was good) or some cheese with a bottle of wine.I did a really fast Yelp search after arriving at the Philly airport and cam e across this place. So glad I didn't continue my search! Walked through the beautiful patio and through a little glass greenhouse styled doorway into the main dining area. Cozy and comfortable and everyone's food looked fantastic. I had the Artist cocktail (champagne + grapefruit juice) to beat the heat while waiting for a couple of their small plates (plenty for one person). The servers kept bringing out little bite-sized samples of other appetizers from the kitchen - free, wonderfully-tasty morsels...yes, more please! Service was great, not overbearing but there when you need them. Some of the seating looked a bit too "cozy" (long bench seating with a lot of separate tables along it) but I'd take any seat in this restaurant at any time.Probably my favorite meal ever. Everyone should eat here at least once. Eat in the garden/patio if the weather is nice.Food, drinks, & service outstanding.
The food was phenomenal! We tried the gnocchi with kale pesto, walnuts, and tomatoes.  I also tried the caramelized sea scallops with snap peas, beets, and tahini.  Both dishes were elegant and simple, but famously created.  Another great plus at Talula's is that a lot of their ingredients are locally sourced.
My friend and I also tried an assortment of cocktails.  We had The Southerner, The Artist, The Treehugger, The Guru, and The Optimist.  These drinks were all well balanced, complex, and unique.  Ironically, my only issue was with The Optimist.  It's referred to as "Talula's punch" on the menu, and it's exactly that. It's definitely a dessert drink, and not one to have with dinner, perhaps after.
As far as service, our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu, and even though it was a busy night, she patiently answered all of our questions. 
Although I prefer to always try new places, I can't wait to be back at Talula's!Dined here last Saturday night. Sat outside, table of four. Our server was fantastic. She and the kitchen paced everything perfectly. We each ordered a small plate, a half pasta, and an entree. We had cocktails and wine. The bill was expensive, but we ordered a lot of food. We tried all 4 of the pastas- each excellent. I love homemade pastas! My appetizer was the fried oysters. So yummy! The dressing was delicious! For my entree I had the petite butcher filet. The meat was cooked perfectly and very flavorful. The dish as a whole was great but the crab pasta and oyster salad were the stars of the night. Great ambience. Outside seating is amazing.We went here with friends and family and had a great time. The atmosphere was a lot of fun and perfect for spring time. The staff was both kind and lots of fun to be around. They have a fun drink menu and their dinner menu is full of fun farm to table eats.This is the farm to table experience at it's best.  Every bite from every dish just awakened my dormant taste buds, and I just about shedded a tear from the succotash- yes, it was that good.  I started w/Tempura Squash Blossoms- golden pillows of perfection. Wonderfully seasoned & fried to perfection; light and warm w/ oozy center of lemon kissed goat cheese. 
My entree was the scallops w/watercress & pine nut milk. The scallops were like butta I tell you; melt in your mouth deliciousness. The additional side of succotash jalapeno was insanely delish! I think I tasted a hint of allspice in it? I would love to know.  
The service was on point. Andrew was our waiter and was very accommodating & attentive. Jenny the GM. came over and seemed genuinely interested in our dining experience. After letting her know that the restaurant felt like an expanded, even more upscale version of "Terrain" in Glen Mills, Jenny explained that a lot of their outside decor comes from Terrain. 
I just fell in love with the whole experience, and have never been this excited over a new restaurant in Philly like this for sometime. I wish some of the negative reviewers would give it another chance, and hope their negative reviews don't deter those who have yet to check it out.I've been to Talula's Garden twice so far and the food has been nothing short of [fancy-descriptors-for-"wonderful"-insert-here].
I shamefully have not yet dined in the pretty outdoor section yet, however, due to rain and cold. Two good reasons to sit inside, yes? Plus, an excuse to return someday!
Highlights since TG has been reviewed many times over already:
- USA cheese plate. Geeeet a cheese plate... any cheese plate! You will not regret this decision. Oh my goodness, delicious.
- Chicken. Sounds boring, but their take is so tasty. This is some juicy stuff, and the accompanying sides are usually quite good too. Last visit, they were olives and potatoes.
- Peppermint tea. What a great way to end a meal! Cozy atmosphere + a cup of hot tea. So nice.
TG is expensive as heck, but it owns up to its rep, that's for sure.Very nice meal with excellent service. 
But I just expected more.
I just felt as though I wouldn't be able to stop talking about how good it was and unfortunately I can't.
There was nothing at all wrong with anything at all, but nothing really stood out either.Really liked this place for a lot of reasons, and there is very little NOT to like.  The pros:  This was a wonderful meal - high-quality ingredients, interesting preparations, creative presentation.  Friendly and attentive service.  The cons:  The excessive crowding of the place on a weeknight (can't imagine what it's like on a weekend) and how close they pack the tables in; the prices.  Yes, it is a pretty restaurant with a pretty nice ambiance, but sitting three inches from another couple detracts from that ambiance for me.  Bill was $150 incl. tip for two people - one round of drinks, two entrees, a shared salad, and shared dessert.  This is definitely on the high side.  It's food, people -- no matter how they "source" it (this term so gets on my nerves!!).  I think this place is unique for Philly and they are able to justify NYC prices as a result.  Good for them.  I would definitely go back and would recommend it to anyone looking for a special occasion place in Center City Philly.The service and attention to detail is phenominal.  Not to mention the food is fresh and excellent.  They really do a good job of reinventing their menu on a seasonal basis.  Probably the best duck breast I've ever had.  Try the side of mushrooms.  Stephen Star doesn't disappoint!This place is one of my favorites in Philadelphia.  I have yet to be disappointed and each time I go, the food tastes fresh and delicious. Their beet salad is heavenly and the main dishes are mouth watering! I highly recommend it!Wonderful dining experience. The food was bar none. The service was top notch. They were gracious and accommodating when it came to my son's allergies. Everything was clean. Every detail was thought of. The evening was already going perfectly and then we mentioned that we are farmers and it was as if they thought we were royalty -or maybe they treat all their customers like royalty! I wish every restaurant was as thoughtful as this one.Went there for brunch on my birthday. The place is decorated beautifully and would appeal to anyone with a green thumb. 
I was pregnant at the time and the bartender whipped me up the yummiest mocktail ever - a non alcoholic version of their rhubarb mojito. Very delicious. 
I ordered the pancakes with strawberries. They were easily the best I have ever eaten. The batter was decadent and the edges had a buttery crunch to them. My husband had a burger which was also top notch. The deviled eggs appetizer was unique and worth getting! 
Can't say enough great things about this place.My wife and i came here for her birthday in june. the weather was wonderful and we had planned to sit in the garden; however, once we got the we notice that due to the way the wind was blowing into the garden area, it was forming a wind tunnel. so even though it was beautiful out there we opted for indoor seating.
the inside was equally as stunning. high ceilings and doorways make it feel grand and very spacious. the decor was beautiful and up-to-date. 
the gentleman who waited on us was great! very knowledgeable about their cheese platers and wines. He didn't even look at his pad or anything. i was impressed. We started with one of the cheese platters. It was unbelievable. I am a huge fan of blue cheese, so we got one with a few different kinds. Different textures and tastes, it was a great experience. I had the lamb and my wife had the duck. we got a side of potatoes to go with it. everything was so good. both proteins were cooked perfectly, and the potatoes were creamy and delicious. 
For dessert we got the deconstructed s'more. Chocolate molten cake, smoke flavored ice cream, graham cracker crumble = amazing!
This is a must goThe menu is great. It feels fresh and invigorating with all the different cooking methods used within each dish, but without losing the meal to a complexity of flavors. Chris is the man! He knows who, what, where, when, and why about everything. The experience was great.'Seasonally inspired urban American food' in Stephen Starr's garden-to-table joint venture with Aimee Olexy of Talula's Table, the legendary Kennett Square 12-seater that requires at least a year's notice to snag a reservation. Talula's Garden makes the 'Table' available to the masses in Philly, albeit still at inflated prices for conservative portions. The food was good, but overrated based on all the buzz I had heard in advance about this place.
The premium you pay is for the ambiance: Talula's Garden is a delight for the eyes. Lest you forget the farm-to-table concept, the interior features reclaimed wooden planks for its walls and tables, an entire wall for a 'vertical garden' of fresh herbs, and an Alice Waters quote printed in large script.  There's also a gorgeous decorated patio garden for outdoor seating, which is definitely going to be hoppin' this summer. 
As for the food: 
- Entrees: the Caramelized Sea Scallops (with spring puree, pine nut milk, and watercress) and Lacquered Chicken Breast (crusted in hazelnut) were both nicely cooked, but nothing special - and the chicken in particular was a much smaller dish than expected
- Desserts: In the Sweet Doughnuts, the donuts were beignet-style and fine, but the star was definitely the fresh strawberry sauce. I was a fan of the Rhubarb Gateau (on olive oil shortbread, served with rhubarb sherbet). 
Having had a meal at Alice Waters' Chez Panisse as a frame of reference, I wasn't blown away by Talula's Garden. But food was still solid, service was smooth and pleasant, and I'm all about the concept. I also can't get enough of that brioche with ramp butter they give you...Dining at Talula's Garden was easily the best restaurant experience I've ever had.
I came here for my birthday dinner / to break our Yom Kippur fast. I chose it because of the cheese menu and the rest of the menu looked just as delicious. The food lived up to expectations - it was amazing. The cheese plate we ordered was absolutely delicious and thoughtfully constructed. We also ordered the focaccia appetizer, suckling goat pasta to share, and then the duck and lamb for our entrees.
Unfortunately after the appetizer I started to feel very ill (not at all related to the food, likely related to my day of fasting) and was too nauseous to continue eating. Our waitress was incredibly kind - she boxed up our entrees to go and included a complimentary dessert. She offered me tea and ginger ale to help settle my stomach. She also made sure they brought out a birthday dessert with a candle and included a small to-go container to allow me to take that with us as well. I was blown away by their above and beyond service. The staff managed to take what could have been an incredibly disappointing night (by no fault of their own) and made it a memorable birthday.
We had our leftover the next day and the food was still SO incredible. I can only imagine how much better it would have been without sitting in my fridge for a day. I can't wait to come back here for our next special occasion.When you walk into Talula's Garden you are just so blown away by the decorum. The esthetic attention to detail in the fairytale-meets-shabby-chic restaurant is something everyone must see. I wanted so badly for that initial gasp to continue into our meal and our experience and it just sadly fell a little short. 
First I'll say that the food is great. Maybe not for the price awesome but if you had AMAZING service you wouldn't mind spending $$$ because your surroundings are so awesome as well. 
We couldn't get anyone to fill our wine glasses. No one really asked how our food was. No one made suggestions when we ordered or helped us with our experience. We disliked a dessert and no management or chef came to find out why. It was just like we were dining at any other restaurant. Which we clearly were not for the price tag.
As others have written, our favorite part of the meal were the hot rolls they give you at some point. SO SO GOOD. If they do not give them to you during your meal for some reason, please beg for them. They will not disappoint. 
The cheese plate was solid and the person who delivered this did explain all the cheeses, thankfully. 
The table grabbed a few beginnings/pastas and the highlights by far were the heirloom tomato salad and the crab pasta. VERY good and very sharable. 
Our meals were all pretty good too. Everyone had something different from the meat to the fish. I would say if we returned we would stick to the smaller plates because they were a more creative spread and we had luck with the options. They definitely don't just cater to one specific taste profile which helped with an array of people with different dietary needs. 
Potentially my expectations were really high because I had been waiting so long to go but a 3.5 stars just made me sad. If they could work on the service and the experience I would gladly return but until then I may stick to the tried and true's of that price point.The food was wonderfully creative and beautiful. The tastes were delicious and interesting: micro-brewed ginger ale, bright green stinging nettle puree, pickled red onion, blood orange sorbet, perfectly cooked and seasoned fish and meats, and perfect desserts. The waiter was friendly, smart, and the perfect guide for the menu. You could tell he loved the food and loved working there. He really took a great meal and made it a fantastic meal. The supporting staff was also friendly and great in the personality department. The lighting is low and warm. Wonderful I say. We had an incredible time and highly recommend the place.First, the food. The food was pretty good. The pan seared gnocchi were delicious and the cheese board was really good as well. Everyone else in my party liked their dishes and it was presented very nicely. The portions were pretty small, however. I am usually for small portions, but the prices weren't small to go along with it. $30 for a main, something you'd pay less than $15 for at a place like Barbuzzo for something equal in size.
Second, the atmosphere. I came here for a special occasion dinner after making reservations two weeks in advance, requesting that we sit out in the garden. We arrived on time and were told that we'd have to wait two hours if we wanted a garden seat and were placed by the bar inside instead. This was really disappointing as it was such a beautiful night. If I would have known I would have made reservations someplace else that would have been more accomodating. The inside was nice, but loud (we had to shout across the table).
I probably won't go back.In any case, an incredible place. Food and atmosphere are impressive. The menu is seasonal, so it varies depending on when you are there. The boards are beautifully presented and torn with fragrance. All dishes are made exclusively from fresh products.Came with a ladyfriend late on a Saturday night on the strong recommendation of a local.  We ate pretty light, splitting one of the many cheese plates, a nice bottle of Diseño Malbec, and the absolutely delectable foie gras with sour plum jam.  Our waitress was informative and attentive, giving us the rundown on all of the cheeses, which were served with various sauces that complimented their flavor.  We finished with the hazelnut ice cream.  
The tables were a tiny bit close together, but on a Saturday night, that's to be expected.  Would've loved to eat in the 'garden' area, but apparently it's on a first come basis.  The location and ambiance are just delightful, although Washington Square seemed pretty quiet.
This rating would be a 5-star, except that Talula's Garden is a tad bit pricey.  The $50 Argentinian Malbec was one of the least expensive on the list, although I have to say it was damn good for the price.  All of the entrées were in the $30 range.  Actually, screw it, I'm changing this rating to 5 stars.loved loved loved the atmosphere!  its so cute inside w/ potted plants at the table.  i think we had a pot of swiss chard at the table.  i like all the colors and decor.  felt very homey.
our waitress was not the nicest.   we were not a fan of her service.
the brioche butter rolls were good but not to DIE for....and i wish they continued bringing more out...
we ordered 3 appetizers to share
- autumn salad:  nice and light
- crab'/lobster/beet salad:  lots of reviews on it, i enjoyed it. heaps of crab/lobster meat and beets!  flavored w/ horseradish sauce
- gnocchi/brusels sprouts:  really delicious and i wish i had a plateful....
i had some of my friend's duck, which was tasty, crispy, smokey.
i ordered the scallops bc i always over cook them myself.  they were perfectly cooked and i enjoyed the pine nuts/cauliflower.  only complaint is that the scallops were a bit on the salty side so the cauliflower helped neutralize the saltiness.
i'd come back for the food and to try a new dish and hopefully get better server.Beautiful place, excellent service Good food but small portions. Extremely expensive. Prepare to leave with your stomach and wallet empty.This was the most fantastic dinner I've had in Philly in a while! The drinks were delish & the Gnocchi and Scallops WOAH, yum. After a few drinks my friend described the dish as "fluffy little baby angles" yes, it was that good. The cheese dish was unique and cucumber onion and feta salad was also lovely and very fresh. I will be visiting here again soon.You ever go to a place where every item taste so good you want to dance in your seat. This would be the place. I have been here on 4 occasions. Each time the service was excellent and the food was amazing.Some of the best dishes I've ever had (love the cheese tray, gnocchi, and some of the entrees), pizzas and so on great. Desserts vary but I enjoyed. They brought out freebies for my son's birthday, great dinner. Been there 3 times and will definitely go back!Great decor and loved sitting in the cute patio area.   Overall a nice dining experience.  That being said I don't see myself going back anytime soon for dinner.   $133 for 2 people made the dining experience a tad overpriced.    I just went to Amis with 4 people and only spent $170 (and enjoyed there more). 
Pros:  Desserts were good though a tad small.   I would surely stop by here in the future for a drink and dessert.   Great decor. Great staff.   Enjoyed the cheese selection.
Cons:  Cost.   Starters and Mains were small and pricey.   While everything we ate was good nothing made us say "we need to come back and eat this again".The food was divine but the service was just ok, for one main reason. I'll start with the food:
We started with the apple salad which was the perfect pairing for our entrees which were more on the filing side. I had the Roasted Duck Breast, it was cooked perfectly and the fried rice it was paired with was also great, although I did think it was a little dry. My boyfriend had the Trout, which I instantly regretted not ordering myself because it was that amazing. 
Now on the service: we were celebrating my birthday, when my boyfriend made the reservation he made a note of the occasion. The restaurant called him the day before to confirm, he made sure to ask if they did anything special for birthdays, they said they could bring a dessert with a candle. On the night of they did not follow through on what was promised over the phone, he was extremely disappointed that he had planned a special gesture and the restaurant dropped the ball.Spectacular!  Wonderful setting, interesting and delicious food.  Pricey but worth it.
We started with the cheese sampler, shared for 2 people.  There are 6 or so different fligh options - all sounded great, and the one we chose was indeed.  Truly wonderful idea and it was an amazing selection of great cheeses.  Next was a spectacular pear salad.  Entres were each outstanding - one beef and one salmon - both were interesting and delicious.  Great sides, and wonderful deserts.
The wine selection was fantastic, and service was on point - attentive but not intrusive.
The setting was lovely - outside on the patio on a fall day, the green wall above us.  Truly perfect.  
Total cost for 2 people with shared cheese plate, shared salad, 2 entres, 2 deserts, tax & top = $260.  A special meal for a special occation.Family members suggested that we try Talula's Garden because of the great food, fresh ingredients, and awesome selection of cheeses. So a friend of mine and I decided to try it out on New Years Eve, and we opted out of the 8 course prefixed menu.
While the menu held so many tasty treats that were tempting, We ended up ordering the scallops appetizer along with the Fois gras. Both were absolutely delicious. The scallops were tender and warm and melted in our mouths, and the fois gras was served as a pâté with a toasted baguette. Some of the best Fois gras I've had.
For our entree we split a beef special. It was served with kale (which I'm not a big fan of) that to my surprise was actually quite delicious. The meat was high quality meat which I appreciated, but I would have liked something more with it. While testing fresh and succulent, I just needed something else with the dish.
For dessert we had one of their fantastic cheese trays which I highly recommend for anyone who enjoys good cheese. The selection was astonishing and the presentation was perfect. 
I'm very happy I tried talulas garden, and really want to go back. Our dinner total was 160 including tip, and as a college student I will need to wait a bit before I return, but I'm counting down the days.
After returning a second time, everything was fantastic again. One meal came out way to salty, but the staff and manager handled it very quickly and the issue was resolved. Still a five star experience.Over the experience was great. As you walk into the entrance of the restaurant they had gas lamps and lights dressing up the place. The inside is very earthy, but styled well. We got the American cheese plate which was excellent. I had the Ox tail appetizer which was very small for tasted great. Next I had the scallops. I was a bit disappointing, they were very salty and bland. I also tried the lamb which was very good and someone else had the salmon and loved it. The wine was great and dessert was excellent as wellI have nothing bad to say about this place. 
The garden is beautiful, the service was fast, friendly, and professional, and the food was amazing. Every item on the menu looked incredible, but we ended up going with the deviled eggs, the scallops, the cucumber and tomato salad, and the grits, and it was all wonderful. 
Will definitely be going back to try everything else.Beautiful space. Great outdoor bar area. A special place in the cityTalula's Garden is currently our favorite Philly restaurant.  It's not like other Stephen Starr options, where atmosphere often stands out more than food.  Thanks to a partnership with Aimee Olexy, Talula's Garden combines seasonal, farm-fresh ingredients with knowledgeable, friendly servers and a relaxing, garden-inspired ambiance.  We've been here four times, and I'm sure we'll come back as often as possible.
The food is wonderful, often featuring sweet and salty flavors and a pleasant variety of textures.  Each meal, I've chosen a different entree: the salmon, scallops, bluefish, and duck, and I've always been pleased.  The appetizers, such as the creamy celery root soup, are also delicious.
For dessert, I always get a cheese plate.  I'm not a fan of strong goat, bleu, or triple cream cheeses, and the servers always make perfect recommendations for me.  Cypress Grove's "Midnight Moon" was the best goat cheese I've ever tasted, thanks to Jennifer's suggestion.  Speaking of which, the servers have all been friendly and are very knowledgeable about the food and cheeses.  It helps make dining here a learning experience, as opposed to an ordinary meal.  Overall, we can't wait to come back.Great atmosphere, food was awesome.  New drink of the Summer, The Bee Keeper.  Honey lemonade, dark rum, garnished with ginger.
Very comfortable outside seating.Beautiful decor and exemplary service were the hallmarks of our recent meal at Talulas.  The food was delicious and visually appealing, and we thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  I started with Oysters and Pickles which was artfully arranged on my plate with fresh crispy lettuce greens and creme fraiche. The oysters were lightly fried and tasted fabulous. I am glad I stepped out of my comfort zone to try it.  Hubby had a dish with red snapper that was equally as appealing.  The bread was soft and warm from the oven, a buttery brioche with a dollop of flavored butter.  So so good.  For dinner I had the scallops, served with parsnips and baby kale, and he had salmon.  We also shared a healthy portion of crispy fingerling potatoes with kale...incredible.  Everything was superb.  We decided not to have dessert but took a peek at the menu and it looked like a well rounded selection.  Next time.
Again, the service was perfect - warm and friendly, and very knowledgeable.  He answered our questions without a hint of impatience, and checked on us just the right amount of times to allow us time to enjoy each other and our meal.  One tiny issue might be the lighting.  It was so dim, I could barely see what I was eating.  Also, the couple who were seated next to us were so close we may as well have been with them.  Luckily, they arrived as we were leaving so it wasn't that big of a deal.
All in all, a fabulous experience at Talulas Garden.  Can't wait to return.We had an early reservation on Easter Sunday, and were pleasantly surprised to find it so uncrowded. Despite threats of rain, our 4-top was determined to sit in the garden and we lucked out with the weather. The garden is absolutely gorgeous. We had a lovely server who was spot on with recommendations. Service was attentive and friendly. 
Talula's has a wonderful cocktail menu. I enjoyed the Farmer (a twist on a Bellini) and the Beekeeper (a refreshing mint julep type drink). The Orange Creamsicle also got rave reviews. 
As a group we split the Master Collection cheese plate. Probably the prettiest plate of cheese I have ever seen - served on slate, dotted with accompaniments like hazelnuts and raisins and a tiny jar of local honey. 
I tasted the ricotta gnudi, which was delicious. I went with the Gnocchi for my entrée and was seriously close to licking the plate clean. Others enjoyed the sea scallops, the duck, and the halibut. For dessert, we were evenly split - the millefeuille of bananas and hazelnut with chocolate gelato, and dark chocolate cremeaux. The millefeuille was presented beautifully with paper thin bananas layered with toffee. 
Quite appropriately, the bill ends up being pretty high, and our only complaint was that while the food is truly wonderful, the amount of food is a little scarce. A few more gnocchis and sea scallops would have been perfect. 
We would go back in a heartbeat!Outstanding. Creative menu that made sense. Fresh ingredients, insightful waitstaff and comfortable decor. Every farm-to-table establishment should take it's cue from Talula's.Lovely lovely lovely!
I came here for brunch on a Sunday and sat outside. It was pretty hot early on (it's summer) but it got nicer an hour later. Definitely check the weather before sitting out - but if there's good weather it's so pleasant! There was also a gay pride parade going on outside just across the gate. This is definitely the best place to eat outdoors in Philly. Decorated so beautifully too.
Had the Sunday Best (cheese and honey) since everyone I've spoken to tells me how delightful the cheese and breads are. Didn't try any breads, but the cheese are definitely good, and just the right amount. They melt really fast under the sun though! 
Had the Garden Brunch next - it wasn't very filling (it never is when you order scallops..) but it was nice. Not great though - a tad salty and it didn't fit quite well, and the salad was pretty blah. Nevertheless, palatable.
The Dark Chocolate Bacon Smores were to die for! My eating companion commented that places seem to add bacon in everything nowadays, and this may me so glad for it!
Also had Chamomile tea, didn't go so well with anything else, but that was my own choice, so :P
Anyway, 4* but bumping up to 5* because I loved sitting outside so much! I can imagine it'd be great for dates and stuff as well :)If Talula's Garden cut their prices in half, or possibly discounted everything by 30%, I'd have a much easier time giving them a 4- or even 5-star rating. My scallops were very good, the drinks I ordered were delicious and the desserts were fantastic, but the prices were simply astronomical given the portion sizes.
Sure, the place is beautiful, but I could say that about half the new restaurants in Philly. Sorry, I'm just not ready to pay $30 for a quarter of a chicken to experience it.
If you are headed over here for dinner, I highly recommend ordering the Carmelized Sea Scallops for your entree and the Sweet Doughnuts and Rhubard Gateau for dessert. Also, make sure to ask for extra bread - that stuff was almost worth the prices. Almost!Stumbled in here upon a hotel concierge recommendation.  Great experience.  Cheese sampler solid.  Fruits so ripe and flavorful.  Good wine list.   Sevice was not amazing, but solid.  Would go back.I took a lady friend out on a date and was extremely impressed with this place. I made reservations for 8:15 and didn't have to wait longer than a few minutes. We were seated outside which was the perfect ambiance. Christopher was our waiter which made all the difference. I asked him about a few things on the menu and not only was he very friendly, he broke down each dish from the ingredients all the way to the method in which they prepare each dish. He was very informative and made my experience very enjoyable, friendly, and he recommended dishes that were amazing. 
Here is the icing on the cake- I was picked up by an uber and only a few minutes into the ride, I got a phone call from the restaurant- "You left your Vape Pen on the table". First I was blown away that they got in touch with me so fast. Chris literally ran to the front, asked them if I made a reservation, got my phone number and called me within minutes ( I would of been lost the next day without my pen!)
Highly Highly recommended!!!!Perfection! The service was spot on and the server gave us just enough attention that it wasn't annoying. The manager came over and introduced herself and asked if we needed anything to improve our experience. The food could not be any better and I can't wait to come back when it's warmer to enjoy the outside patio! Don't walk here, run!!My favorite restaurant in philly. Service is superb-- super friendly and knowledgable about the menu. If you order a cheese plate a special "cheese monger" will come over and explain every cheese on the plate to you-- including flavors, location of the farm it came from, and any awards it won. If you want to sit in the outdoor garden you'll have to wait a little longer but it's worth it in the right weather.My boyfriend took me to Talula's Garden last weekend for my birthday and boy was I excited. I read all the Yelp reviews, ooh'ed and ahh'ed at my idea of the perfect ambiance - delicate candle lights adorning each table, lights beaming from lush tree vines, and was excited about the intricately crafted dishes after looking at the menu. Needless to say, I was sold that this was a restaurant I must check out while in town.
PROS:
*Attentive service - Our waiter was great. He was very attentive to all of our needs, and at one point of the night, the restaurant manager even checked in with us. We sat outdoors under a heat lamp in the 'garden' since the weather was beautiful that night, but it did get a bit chilly, and he made sure that we weren't too cold. Additionally, I ordered an iced tea that came in a cute mason jar, and it was automatically refilled without me asking. We also asked him to take several photos of us since it was a special occasion, and he was more than happy to. I always feel like a nuisance when I ask for photos, but he was very friendly and didn't mind at all!
*Compliments of the chef - Before our appetizer arrived, our waiter brought us 2 delicious mini brioche bread rolls with garlic butter. It was quite tasty.
*I ordered the Roasted Rohan Duck Breast, Winter Farro Risotto, Butternut Squash, Brandied Raisins, Sage Scented Duck Sausage, Pickled Cabbage 3 dish - I love duck and I really enjoyed the duck. The meat was tender and pleasing to the taste buds, not to mention an interesting combination of ingredients.
*Atmosphere, ambiance - I'm a sucker for romantic spots, and this place hit the checkbox for me. Gentleman, grab your boo, and thank me later ;) ! You will not regret it.
*They take reservations, we were here at 6:15 PM on a Saturday night, and it wasn't packed inside or outside.
CONS:
*My boyfriend found that the portion of his Salmon Black Pearl Salmon, Crispy Brussels Sprouts, Mustard Seed Malt Vinaigrette, Apple Cider Pearls and Smoked Brown Butter dish was quite small and nothing special given the price. 
For dessert, we finished off with the Kentucky 'Pecan Pie' Ice Cream Sundae (Bourbon-Pecan Ice Cream, Gooey Pie Crust and Bourbon Sauce) which was delicious. They even wrote 'Happy Birthday' on it for me which was a nice touch. Overall, I really enjoyed my dining experience and would return! :)Love the atmosphere- the fixed menu is always fresh and delicious. I had some dietary restrictions and they were happy to accommodate and replaced it with something equally as delicious. Its my favorite special occasion venue and we always have the wine pairing with the meal. Never disappoints :)Always bustling, full of excitement and tasty eats and drinks, Talula's is a great date spot as they run the gammut from small plates/wine and cheese to 8 (yes 8) course tasting menus. Personally, I enjoy this as more of a wine and cheese spot, they have a great fresh selection of cheeses (usually 5-6 combos).
Definitely recommend puttng in a reservation, and be advised it's definitely on the pricier side.Talula's garden is one of the best restaurants I have been to in Philadelphia. Not only is the food here absolutely delicious, the atmosphere is wonderful. Even though this restaurant is located in downtown Philadelphia when you are sitting in the garden, you instantly forget that. The outside seating is enclosed on the side of the restaurant, compete with plants and lights all around. You really do feel as if you are in a garden.  I can't think of any other place in Philadelphia with nicer outdoor seating. It's definitely worth the extra wait to sit outside. 
Once you get over the great atmosphere of the garden, the food here will continue to impress you. Everything that we ordered was cooked to perfection and extremely inventive with interesting sauces that added something extra to the meal without being to overpowering. 
When we arrived the waiter recommended that me and my boyfriend each get one small plate and then one entree. We decided to not listen to his advice and share a small plate and then each get our own entree and we found this to be more than enough food.   I had the sea bass, It was just the right amount of crispy and then topped off with sauces. My boyfriend ordered the chicken entree, which was very tender. Both entrees came topped with fresh vegetables. 
As for drinks, the white wine sangria is delicious, and the fresh fruit in the sangria is always a nice touch!This is one of the top three restaurants I have been to since moving to Philly 2 years ago, and I keep coming back. The service has always been friendly  without crossing boundaries; the wait staff is well informed about both the food and drink lists and helpful is steering you toward something you will love. the menu is vegetarian friendly. Atmosphere is perfect. I'm on the fence as to whether the food is always quite up to its pricing, but overall I would say you won't be disappointed. Great to stop at the bar for the drink and lite meal or to hunker down for a few hours to celebrate a special occasion. Thanks, Talula's, for your hard work!Let me preface this by saying I chose this location to shoot my engagement photos due to the consistent brand that Talula delivers at all of their locations. Being that this is my first time and hopefully last time to shoot engagement photos, I was a bit hesitant at first, to shoot inside a public restaurant.  The staff there was extremely gracious and accommodating to all our needs. They delivered us snacks to use as props for our photos. We finalized our shoot with an unforgettable meal of course.  My highlight was the raw chilled tuna crudo with lime salt and summer melons. I can't even describe what all my taste buds were feeling with each bite. To top off our magical night they honored our occasion with a "happy engagement" message on our dessert tray. The Fig mascarpone parfait, what can I say other that it's the best dessert concoction served in a cup that can only be rivaled by Barbuzzo's salted caramel budino. What an unbelievable experience and kudos to the entire staff for making this a comfortable environment.Food was very good. Staff was very attentive. Don't understand why prices on bill didn't match what was on the menu.