When I lived in the neighborhood, I used to order delivery from here a lot.  
My favorite was their spicy chicken rice bowl, with brown rice and extra broccoli.  Their kimchee and tofu bowl was good too.  In general, their rice-bowls are good deals and seem very healthy, but I do recommend having soy sauce and siracha around for flavor.  (I always ended up grabbing the soy sauce from my fridge to add more sauce to the rice and broccoli, but the chicken was always tender and well flavored.)  The meal was very healthy for a last minute fast-food order.  The chicken Yakitori is good too, and their udon soup is yummy (if you dine in).  I almost always ordered their house salad or seaweed salad as a side.   I stopped ordering sushi early on, because it was disappointing.  Get the rice bowls, noodle bowls, and soup.  I liked them!The sushi was good. Not bad, not great, maybe a little bit better than okay.
The style of this restaurant however, is NOT my cup of tea. I came with my wife and I guess was expecting waiter service. They don't really do that here. You look at a paper menu and then order at the counter. 15-20 minutes later your sushi comes and this thing they give you lights up. You go to the counter to collect your sushi. How did we order $40 worth of sushi? Anyway, it was good. But... It felt like I was in my college cafeteria. I had to bus my own table, there was no soy sauce dispenser, only foil packs of it. Meeeeh.... 
The Gyouza and the Edamame was was okay too.
I can't get down with a college cafeteria style sushi restaurant. Its just not my cup of tea...I used to live on 43rd Spruce. This place was like my own kitchen because I went there almost everyday except for Monday since they are closed on Monday. Overall their food is above average, and they have the BEST curry chicken katsu in Philadelphia, period. If you ever find a place making better curry chicken katsu, please please let me know.Food is okay.
BYO.
Pricey.
Decor is tacky and unattractive.
Convenient location.Tampopo has a very basic inexpensive decor. You order at the counter and the give you a pager that buzzes when you order is done. They a a few specials that are good values for the money. I chose the Bento box with the inari special(4 inari for $3.50) They didn't have any suaces(including soy) except for a spicy sauce(pretty good) which is unusual for an asian restaurant My bento box(spicy hot tofu) was well prepared and presented. My broccoli was cooked perfectly, the curry potato gyoza was light and crispy, the baby carrots were fresh and crunchy The rice was nicely sticky with good texture. The tofu wasn't as hot and spicy as I wanted but that's typical nowadays from all the `Oh I want my food REALLY spicy' people who then cry when they get something with four turns of the pepper mill There is free water from a water dispenser if you dont care for any of their cold drinksI stopped in tonight for sushi. For 3 sushi rolls and the pork kimchi it was $42, a price I thought was a little high but all in all it was ok.Just moved in two blocks away so I was pretty excited to see a Japanese/Korean restaurant closeby. You walk in, order, get a buzzer device, then wait for your food. You bus your own tray afterwards.
Ordered the hot plate beef bibimbop. It's not the usual clay pot that makes your rice at the bottom crispy--they used a plastic bowl so it didn't really have that effect of making your rice crispy. I should have gotten regular beef bibimbop which was a little bit cheaper. But overall the food was decent and filling..I'd definitely come back.Pretty good! Recommend the Bibimbap - made well and the veggies seemed quite fresh.
An issue I have is that some of the items on the menu (ex. Tempura shrimp) are WAY overpriced for the amount of food you get which is disappointingThe fresh salmon bibimbap is absolutely amazing! The salmon tastes like delicately bribed lox and falls apart at the touch of a fork. The salad on top of the rice is dressed with a spicy sauce that somehow brings it all together. 
I highly recommend this little gem!The best part of Tampopo: Stone pot babimbab (probably spelled wrong) is delicious.  It's hot & fresh & the sauce is perfect.
However, it only gets 3 stars because that is the only menu item I like.  And I have to eat it in their awkwardly tiny restaurant.  Sushi is overpriced.  Bento boxes are average.This place is not bad for the price.
The location is pretty convenient for all the college students around, and there's a ton of free parking, so that's one less thing to worry about.
I ordered the grilled salmon bento with white rice and broccoli. Each bento comes with your choice of entree and side, plus rice, salad, edamame, a curry dumpling (like a weird samosa?), and a small dessert. At least, I think that's what's standard in the box.
My piece of grilled salmon was tiny. My friend ordered the same and hers was noticeably larger. The owner came and apologized to both of us for the size and gave us free bowls of miso soup, which was a thoughtful effort. The food itself was okay. The (tiny) salmon was a little overcooked but full of flavor, the broccoli was simply steamed so I rolled it around in the sauce the salmon was cooked in. The curry dumpling was good but random, and the dessert was mysteriously tasty.
It's really good value and I'm hoping the other menu items prove more promising.Take out order of Hot spicy beef bowl, Bi bim bob w/chicken & egg, brown rice, pork gyoza, and veggie spring roll.  Order was ready in 10 mins.  HOT HOT, even after my 10 min walk home in the colder windy weather.
The Bi Bim bob had a spicy delicious sauce (my companion HAD to clean the container it was so good.)  Had some good veggies: carrots, cucumber, sea weed.
Hot spicy beef bowl tasted spicier when it was very warm, as it cooled it was not as spicy though still had a good flavor.  
Devouring the spring rolls and gyoza was inevitable.  I was famished and their wonderful flavor hit the spot!  Spring rolls were still crispy after my walk.  
Overall the food was flavorful, filling and relatively healthy.  
Credit Card accepted with minimum purchase.a block away from me..good University City spot for inexpensive sushi or Japanese. Wish the menu was bigger...love the spicy (not too spicy) chicken bowl(not alot of veggies)..great staff..food is made quick!was going to do 4 stars but after seeing the totally undeserved 3 stars overall I'm going with 5 stars to try to give them a boost.  
Yes the food here is very basic.  Sorry to all you 22 year olds that think good food has to be a combination of 93 flavors that don't belong together like you see on the TV while growing up.  But sometimes food that's just good and simple has it's place.
Everything I've had is really really good.  My only gripe about the food has been the Tuna bibimbob isn't the best - the flavors are AWESOME but the tuna tastes frozen and imo shouldn't be served raw.
BUT the beef bibimbob is awesome, the ramen is great, the beef bowl is simple and fantastic, etc.  Great comfort food.  Probably my most gone-to restaurant in Philly due to it's proximity to where I live, reasonable cost (though it could/should be a touch cheaper), and freshness of it's simply prepared comfort dishes.I have had the spicy tofu bento box with brown rice and broccoli here about 100x and it is always delicious and perfectly prepared.Great lunch place near Rittenhouse - have recently graduated to getting delivery from the location in University CIty. I always get the chicken + egg bibimbap, sometimes with the pan-fried pork gyoza. It's not fussy or fancy, but the sauces are delicious and I'm never left hungry.This is such a solid choice right in the neighborhood when I'm craving some Asian food. Granted, I'm not well-versed in this cuisine, so I may think more highly of Tampopo than others, but it's still wonderful. 
The Bento box is a go-to for me, but last night I tried the Kimchi rice bowl for the first time and was glad I did. It has a nice kick to it, but the avocado and sunny side egg help to cool it down. One bowl is more than enough for dinner and probably leftovers. The rice was a little mushy but I didn't mind too much, and the chicken was perfectly tender.
I love having this place in the neighborhood!I got takeout sushi from Tampopo the other day. I was pretty disappointed and reminded yet again that sushi really is only good from higher quality restaurants here in Philly unlike on the West Coast where I could get great cheap sushi everywhere. First of all, the portions were smaller than advertised. I got six California Rolls and eight Kimbob rolls instead of eight and ten, respectively. The rolls themselves were meh, nothing special and not particularly fresh tasting either. On top of it all, my takeout order took forever. I probably won't be back.The food is half decent however the customer service amongst the worst i have been subjected to. The cashier was barely attentive during the ordering process and I was treated to a sarcastic "thank you with a fake smile". Avoid completely if you are looking for assistance with the menu and/or a flavorful meal!How good tampopo is, really depends on what category you put it in.  If you think of it as east asian-y fast food joint, its actually GOOD.  If you think of it as a restaurant...I'd give it 1.5 stars.  Because everything is too salty and too sweet.  I got the bibimbap the other day...and I saw them put the *finished* bowl in the microwave.  Which means...that yes.  They microwaved THE EGG!  WTF?  They don't do it all the time...but I've had microwaved egg twice.  Seems to happen when they're not very busy.  I understand that the modern food service kitchen uses microwaves...but a fried egg?  Really?  
The sushi isn't bad.  Its not good like, "sushi restaurant good."  But good as in, a few steps up from grocery store sushi.  
So, if you want an alternative to take-out chinese, give it try.  If you're looking for good food, go someplace else.  And if you happen to live around the corner and need to eat here sometimes because you're lazy....stick with the sushi.I think Tampopo tries to create a mix of asian bento box, noodle soup house, with asian fusion flare. We've been here a couple times - have tried the udon, the tampopo house special spicy noodle soup, sushi, and a few other things. 
Overall, the udon was probably the best out of everything we've tried. The noodles are chewy, the broth is tasty, and you can get it with shrimp tempura which comes out decently crispy (as long as you don't let it soak in the soup too long). T
he tampopo house special noodle soup packs some kick, but the broth doesn't seem to be nearly as flavorful as the udon broth. We tried one of their "special" fried chicken sweet-n-sour looking thing - was unfortunately a little let down - just kinda tasted like faux-chinese orange/sweet-n-sour chicken. 
It's not too far away from where we live in University City, and it's not a bad option, if you're in the mood for some quick/accessible chinese/korean/japanese food - but if you're really looking for some GOOD chinese food - just make the trek to chinatown.After coming back from the zoo, our friend's raved about Tampopo, so we decided to give it a go.
My wife I and I both got bento boxes. They were okay.
I had the Pork Katsu. The pork was friend well. With it was a potato croquette, or something of the sort. It tasted pretty good. I got the egg cake on the side, which was alright as well. And, all the bento boxes come with  edamame. I'm not sure how anyone can mess that up, and they did not go where no man has gone before.
My wife got the spicy chicken with brocolli. She liked it. The chicken wasn't really that spicy. This might have worked for most people, since they often don't really want it spicy even when they ask for it. But my wife loves her food real spicy, so she hardly noticed its so called spiciness.
We also got some shrimp shumai to share. This was pretty much perfect. I could have eaten this for my whole meal it was so good.
My biggest disappointment is their lack of a decent sushi menu. They have limited options and no sushi deal, like a Sushi regular or Sushi deluxe deal that comes with a number of different pieces of sushi.
I might go back, but certainly not if I am in the mood for sushi.No it's not the best sushi/Japanese food I've ever had, but I do like their no frills inexpensive approach to serving this cuisine.  You order at a counter and can seat yourself, plus it's BYOB!  Service was friendly.  My girlfriend and I shared the "diamond roll" ($11) - 6 pieces each of spicy tuna and avocado sushi - and the vegetable and fried egg bi-bim-bob ($7.50). The rolls were small, perhaps not worth the expense, but tasty.  The "BBB" was affordable and aesthetically presented.  It comes with your choice of white or brown rice (though they were out of brown at the late hour we went), bok choy, carrots, zucchini, etc. and the fried egg.  It is served with a sweet/hot sauce that went well with it.  Overall, though I thought the sushi was a little expensive for what you get, I would return to try other items.Hello all,
Not sure if you have had a chance to make it over to the new Tampopo 3 yet in West philly, but let me tell you--it's delicious! The only problem is that unlike their other locales, they are not serving sushi. This is a very sad thing to me. So sad, in fact, that I made a petition to convince them that they would have a market for said sushi. Please support this very important cause (heh) and sign it. Your tummy will thank you!
http://www.petitiononline.com/tampopo3/Actual conversation between my boyfriend and I, upon our first visit to Tampopo.
Dashing young man: "This place could use some...character."
Hilarious young lass: "So could the food."
This place is very ... beige. 
The staff are nice, the walls are sparse, it was affordable, but the food was just 'eh'. I found the miso soup to be terribly bland, like it came from a cardboard container, or was made of one. The pan fried pork dumplings were by far the best thing we ordered. The rolls were assembled nicely but one was overly salty (and I love salt) the other two tasted not unlike the cardboard soup. At one point I contemplated putting two rolls in mouth at once to see if I could split the salty difference. I did not.
While the self-serve layout certainly helps keep the cost low, the design of the tray return/water jug/recycling bin/whatever else I may have missed  was a little convoluted.  
I might like to try the bibimbap if I ever go back to see if their Korean dishes are any better than the Japanese ones but beyond that I can't see ever CRAVING this place. It might be a 'one and done' experience. 
However, to their credit it is a vast improvement on the block and if other people like it I do hope it sticks around.Not sure why this place got only 3 stars. Bibimbap is very good for the city as well as my personal favorite the hot stone. Plenty of seating.
Added benefit: They have filtered water!! Not like those other asian restaurants that give you tap.
Some of the reviews below mention other dishes....but get what they're known for and you won't complain about portion or taste.First of all, how amazing is this location? Considering what it's surrounded by, pretty amazing. You can go to Tampopo for a nice dinner, then Lil Pop Shop for dessert, then Local 44 for a beer. Perfection.
On many a summer night, this is exactly what I do. I visit Tampopo for a Chicken Bi-Bim-Bap, with a fried egg and brown rice. Never ever ever have I been disappointed by the food quality of this dish--succulent rice, deliciously runny egg, steaming veggies, tender chicken, and spicy tangy sauce. SO good. The price at 8.00 is only justified by how filling and yummy the food is, especially considering Koreana's same dish wasn't so delicious in my opinion.
The sushi is meh, sad to say. I wasn't overly impressed by it when I visited. And the egg cake was also sort of tepid, not so good. But getting my faves is awesome.It took three tries for us to actually make it to this place. They were closed the first time. The second time, we phoned ahead to confirm they were open, only to walk over and have the owner tell us they were closed. He promised that on our return, he'd foot half the bill. That never happened.
The food - the sushi is mediocre. I'd agree that it's a notch up from a grocery store but that's about it. The be-bim-bop was decent and that's probably what I'd come back for, if we do. The seating style leaves a bit to be desired - it's also confusing as we were given a buzzer for when the food was ready yet they brought it out. Odd.I would go again. I had a craving for ramen and didn't want to go far. It's not out of this world but it hit my craving. 
I had the Tampopo ramen bowl. The broth was nicely spicy, the noodles delicious. The pork was extremely dry. I liked the hard boiled egg in it.First thing I had to use the men's room and it was clean and well kept 
I couldn't decide what to get
So got a donburi rice bowl spicy chicken and bento box with spicy chicken 
Never had either before but watch too many Japanese cartoons  and manga so wanted to get it
You seat yourself and order at counter
Friendly and helpful front desk person 
They Use plastic reusable cups for water from water fountain apparatus which is what I like so don't have to keep waiting for someone to refill your cup
Food came out relatively fast 
And looked amazing and it was really good tasting
the portions were huge and you get all these veggies with your food so it was very filling
Best part: They serve brown rice which i love with my meat
overall good experience and worth the price
The food came out pretty fast and honestly i hate waiting for food
If you bring your own bowl you get 50 cents off on the donburi - something about being green or something dunno
I will definitely go back to this place and recommend it to peoplePentobox is good to try. although the salmon is really small size, but chicken and beef is great amount.
con: all curry spicy...When you don't see asians working in an asian restaurant...walk away. Went for the ramen but was very dissapointed.  First off, the ramen is $8.50 and the bowl is tiny to traditional ramen standards.  The broth was anemic...lacking density and that eggy thickness.  The ramen acutrements were bok choy, an egg, a tiny bit of pork, and some sea weed wrapper.  The pork was decent, but they were cheap with it.  The rest was underwhelming and the spicey broth that is mandatory just appeared as a smoke screen to distract from the lackluster broth.  Honestly, I could make this at home with some white pepper, a raw egg, and a 25 cent packet of ramen.  Back to north Jersey for what is real ramen.God bless this Place for having Ramen on the menu!
After returning from a trip to Japan where I had REAL Japanese ramen I was desperate to find somewhere that I could get a hearty bowl of deliciousness.   
This place is the ONLY place in the entire city I could find it on the menu.  Not only that,, but the other 2 Tampopo restaurants in the city do not offer it! 
 I'm not talking about fifteen cents a pack/ get yourself through college Ramen, I'm talking about fresh noodles, and hearty pork bone stock Ramen.  Think Pho, but with more flavor, and texture.
Regardless, the trip was worth is, and it was almost as good as its Japanese counterpart.
BTW.  
If anyone knows of another Ramen place...hook a brother up.Expensive and nasty
Their ramen tastes and smells worse than my girlfriend's feet
Seriously, who sells foot-marinated ramen? 
Penn students deserve betterBoth gluten free and vegetarian options. You can substitute brown rice. BYOB! 
Great casual optionTheir Bibimbop and other bowl food is really good. Don't waste your time with the sushi, though, it's not the best.For the kinds of restaurants that occupy 44th Street, Tampopo is painfully average. The place does not offer anything that you can't find at Koreana or Chattime closer to campus, and at lower prices.
I ordered a spicy beef bowl here, and was pleasantly surprised by the portions. Unfortunately, the positives ended there. The dish was both too salty and too spicy, and I take spice just fine. Just the mixture of the sodium and spice compounded to pummel my mouth, which was not a pleasant feeling. It didn't help that there was all of three florets of broccoli, not nearly enough vegetables to balance out the beef and rice.
I rarely venture out to 44th Street as is for food. Now, outside of Honest Tom's or Lil Pop Shop next door, I may not be back anytime soon.I got the bibimbap and it is pretty darn good, but I found the sauce that came with it to be way too salty (thank god it was on the side). They can serve it in a stone bowl too if you're feeling extra fancy and want to spent an extra few dollars.
Their curry tastes like it came from those Japanese curry bars from the Asian market, but I don't know how you'd make curry otherwise so I guess this is okay... my boyfriend liked it a lot more than I did.
Their service is fast, the staff is friendly, but the place seems kind of cold.. maybe because it's kind of empty and quiet and clean. That may sound great to you though. Also, they have brown rice, yay!. Prices are lower than at Koreana (and you also don't have to tip). It's a little out of the way for university city, so the customers are mostly locals, whereas Koreana is mostly students.I love the salmon bento box in here, it is one of the most delicious food I have eaten in my life so far. However, I think the price in this restaurant is tooooo high, so it cannot be accepted by most publics. Inari is also good with some hot sauces.I'm very glad tampopo exists in West philly / University city. 
Coming from Dallas, Texas where Korean food is very accessible and good, I've been looking for a decent Korean fix near my school campus and this place does the job.
Tampopo is definitely is not truly authentic as you can taste the sweetness in the red spicy sauce they give you, but it is still good. You can also do take out for their food if you want to walk down to Clark park to enjoy it in the nice weather.
One thing to know is that it is self-serve so you need to get your own water and clean after you eat so please be mindful and clean after yourselves. 
My go-to is beef bibimbap with fried egg or the bento box. If you are like me who craves decent korean food in this area, def give it a go!While this small casual eatery doesn't serve the most authentic Japanese or Korean dishes, what it does serve is affordable and tasty. It's clearly most frequented by college students, and its close quarters, square stools, self-serve water in plastic cups and clean-up-after- yourself trays attest to its no-nonsense approach. That said, it still manages to be a bit classy with the wait staff bringing your order to your table. The inside, while crowded, is clean and colorful.
The stone-pot bi bim bap was worth the extra $2 because the searing hot bowl was great at keeping the food warm for the entirety of my meal. The toppings tasted fresh and the sauce had a mild, but still impressive kick. I did miss the traditional side-dishes that are often complimentary at more traditional Korean places though.This is where I go when I don't feel like cooking or ordering pizzas. Their curry udon is amazing. Bibimbap is good too. Note that they take Visa and Master cards only. I once walked in with a Discover card only and had to go back to grad another card.Tampopo? More like TamPOO-POO. This place is disgusting. If you're thinking about ordering from here, think again. Upon opening my take out container the room was immediately filled with an unidentifiable stench. After force feeding myself in order to get my ten dollar's worth (not a good value),  my stomach was writing in pain. I would rather starve than ever order from Tampopo again. Save yourself the heartache and stay far away from this establishment.My mouth is on fire, my stomach is full and I have a smile on my face.
I just ate my first ramen bowl at Tompopo.
I was well aware before I came here that this is a small, bare-bones counter service, Japanese/Korean restaurant. What I didn't know was how good the quality and flavor of the food would be! It was thoroughly satisfying to me. 
For newbies, make sure you know that most dishes have a spicy kick to them--this is not your college ramen. Also, be sure to try the yummy green tea ice cream (you'll need it after setting your mouth on fire).
I can't wait to eat here again to try more!Sign me up for the pork and kimchi ricebowl, the thinly sliced beef bento box or anyone of their other dishes. Finish it off with some great green tea ice crea.Okay.  I've read other reviews and I want to say some common sense stuff up front:
* Its fast food folks.  Relatively healthy and plated in a very appealing fashion...but still, fast food.  Please stop comparing it to a "dinner out" establishments...although I will say it exceeds the quality of a good deal of  what passes for east-asian inspired food in Philly...but I digress...
*  the folks complaining about the sushi...you mean you went to a fast food joint with no sushi chef...and you expected something bordering on the spectacular?  Come on...really?  Who are you people?
Now.  If you go in, look around, discover you're in a fast food place and judge accordingly, this place is a gem.  Some things are better than others, surely, but the overall quality of the menu is quite fabulous for Philadelphia.  Bibimbap...my favorite.  Rice bowls and bento boxes...generally yummy.  I love the way they plate the food...veggies are always fresh looking and appealing.  A few things on the menu exceed one's expectations given the modesty of the place...the fresh tuna bibimbap, for example, is truly inspired.  
So go.  Order, and enjoy.I find this to be one of the few food establishments in West Philadelphia that offers a variety of edible dishes at reasonable prices (albeit this is no McDonald's).  I am a first-generation Japanese American and I've lived in Japan, so I think I am a credible source when it comes to recommending Japanese restaurants.  True, as some other reviewers have said, this place isn't authentically Japanese or Korean.  It doesn't claim to be authentic - it's a "fusion" of Japanese and Korean foods.  Moyashi, or bean sprouts, are a commonly used item in ramen, so I don't find it unusual that it "overwhelmed" the ramen; the only problem I could foresee is using too much (since this would cheapen the dish and make it seem like the store is trying to cheat you out of meat) or overcooking it, since overcooked bean sprouts are a culinary faux-pas.
I've ordered the spicy ramen, and though lacking in flavor, I found it to be passable.  The spiciness gives a strange after taste, but the broth would be bland otherwise.  The pork slice was pretty good and the sliced egg and greens that accompanied it weren't overcooked, so that's a plus.  The soba salad with ginger dressing is a nice light dish I often order, especially since it is summer now.  
I also like the spicy tuna roll and salmon roll on the sushi menu.  I don't like Californian rolls very much because I'm not a huge fan of raw avocado (somehow I only like it as a paste in guacamole), which is why I opt for the two rolls I mentioned above, which come with just cucumber.  The rice isn't too mushy (this is the problem that most sushi houses have) and is adequately firm.  The fried gyoza and grilled gyoza are also acceptable and they come in three kinds: shrimp, pork, or veggie.  I recommend pork.
The place is self-serve for the most part, except a waitress usually brings your food to the table on a tray if you eat in - during busier hours you get a buzzer for your food.  The bibimbap is not too tasty but I didn't get the hot clay pot kind, which may be better.  The bento boxes are also acceptable but are overwhelmed with "filler" items such as edamame pieces which were probably frozen and cost next to nothing to prepare.  I also find it somewhat insulting that one of the items in the box was a softened piece of carrot - be a little more creative and put a little more effort in, please!
The bottled teas are authentically Japanese (they are presumably manufactured in a Japanese food factory in L.A. and shipped over here) though on the pricey end.  The water in the self-serve tub is lukewarm and not cold, but it's complimentary.
I haven't had the dessert here, but they only offer one item: green tea ice cream.  
Would I go back?  Yes, since I find very few (read: no) other good Japanese restaurants in West Philly.  Again, I emphasize the operative word here: EDIBLE.
Service: B
Taste: B
Tata!The chicken teriyaki rice bowl I got was really pretty bland and didn't have enough sauce on the chicken. I guess for faster food it's okay and inexpensive, but I probably won't go back.According to the boyfriend, "The most disgusting ramen ever"..
Seriously, if it was from the fridged packs you can buy at any Japanese supermarket, it would have been 10x better.
I think the Tokyo ramen is supposed to be miso-pork based, but it was a watery miso with what tasted like pork fat in it to make it creamy - which it was, but lacking in all depth and favor of real ramen broth.  And the noodles while from nama-ramen was smelly.
$9.00 for something he took a bite out of and threw away.Just wanted to post an actual review other than my petition... heh. Tampopo is delicious and well-priced. I've only had the fresh tuna bi-bim bob (bop?) and it is so fresh and so good! it is all raw and has sliced pears, avocadoes, cabbage, and rice with a tasty spicy yet refreshing sauce on top. I recommend it with brown rice as opposed to white, which you might have to ask for specifically. The gyozas are also delicious. The decor is bare bones but spacious...I think they could do more. They also have these weirdo buzzer things to tell you when your food is ready which is completely unnecessary since the spot is so small...but with food so tasty, it doesn't really matter that much to me. I just, as I said, want sushi, as their other locations have. See my "review" below to sign the petition to get sushi there!First off, I had never had Japanese food before coming here.  When my friends and I moved to West Philly, we decided to try it, since we could walk there.  
So good!  They also deliver, which is awesome.  It's a $20 minimum, but my husband and I will each get a bento box and maybe some green tea ice cream or extra rice and that does the trick.  
It's generally very quiet there as well, so if you need a study spot, it's perfect.The place was simple and set like a fast food! Order, wait and eat! The service - ok. The food - ok. The price - too high for less! However, overall the neighboring is vibrant/hip!My bf's go to is his spicy chicken bowl with brown rice $7.00 . This is A-OK. They give a lot of chicken, and the meat to rice ratio is amazing. They give you 2 pieces of broccoli . Overall it's delicious, but for the value.. meh. You can make this at home for less than $2.00, less than a dollar probably.
Seafood Udon soup $7.50 I got this because I was still in pain from my wisdom tooth extraction. This was broth with udon noodles, 1 piece of broccoli and 1 slice of fish cake. Where do you think this is going...? Yup, not worth the value. It tastes the same as any instant noodle udon I've gotten from Hmart before (for 1.50). There are no toppings in it to warrent the $7.50 price tag. To add 2 pieces of shrimp tempura = $11.00 noodle so up. Umm.. I can get 2 bowls of pho stacked with meat for that. Imo, the 2 piece shrimp tempura udon should be $7.50. That would make them a 4 star for the value...Simple menu.  Sugary n spicy Korean rice bowls and noodles.  Not great but very convenient. I have eaten here many times but last time I was here I spotted a few roaches.  One came out of register area and one out of the water cooler. I let the cook(or owner) know and his lack of concern was enough to deter me from eating there again.  I hope he fixes the problem for future patrons.This place is super tasty. As a warning, though, the rice bowls are literally a bunch of rice and a bunch of meat. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but just don't order them if you're expecting vegetables.After walking by a few times my boyfriend and I decided to give this little hole in the wall a try. The staff was friendly, our food was prepared quickly and the price was excellent considering the amount of food we were given. We ordered two rice bowls, which were both good, though my boyfriend's chicken bowl was slightly over salted (though he still enjoyed it enough to finish it all). We will definitely come again when we're in the area and in need of a quick, cheap bite. 
Also, I love that to cut down on waste they encourage you to bring your own bowl when ordering take out-they'll even give you a small discount for doing so!Ate at this restaurant with a co worker. Food was good but service was horrendous. First we ordered takeout then decided to eat in. Well that must be a big NO NO. They let us sit in this time only! The counter lady was rude about it and had an attitude. Only a few people sitting down, we didn't think it would be such an inconvenience. Both counter ladies made a point to tell us that sitting in after ordering out is not allowed... RELAX!!!!The spicy chicken rice bowl and the bibimbap with egg and beef are yummy. Nothing extraordinary, but a good, satisfying, quick meal at a decent price. I like that you can substitute brown rice in your dish. 
The place was full of Penn students when we went to eat, at around 7:30 on a Friday night.In the words of my friend who joined me for dinner, Tam-no-no. 
I wanted to like my food, but couldn't deny the bland, mushy brown rice I had with my Chicken Katsu. The chicken was soggy and it appeared my rice was floating in liquid. The food wasn't seasoned well and just was unremarkable overall. My friend's food was the opposite - too dry. I did like my fried dumplings, but it's a shame I paid more for my entree and just didn't really like that at all. I got a little to-go box for my soggy chicken and went on my way.This place is excellent.  It's quick, the people are nice, and the food is good.  Self-serve water is available so you don't even need to buy a drink if you're cash strapped.  I come here all the time.The food here is okay...I wouldn't call it "authentic" but it can be a nice place to hang out with your friends.  What made me decide to rate this establishment ONE star is because of the indifferent and hostile service at the counter.  Mind you, I had two experiences that convinced me to rate this one star.  I believe that the first experience might be me over-thinking it, but the second experience really disappointed me.
For the first experience, I came here to eat dinner with a close friend of mine.  Not knowing what to order, I asked the cashier for his recommendations.  I asked "Is the beef bulgogi good?"  He gave me a look and shrugged, "I actually don't know, because I'm a vegetarian (or vegan, I don't really remember)."  I was a little taken aback by that comment because it was not really relevant to my question and his body gestures made it obvious that he was too lazy and unenthusiastic to help a client.  Besides, shouldn't a cashier know what dish is considered popular?  Even if he did not work there long enough, he could have said it nicely.
I was a little miffed but then, like I said, I was probably over-thinking it.
However, my second experience really pissed me off.  My friends and I came to this restaurant because of my friend's birthday.  We were really happy and after dinner, we planned on eating a cake that we bought to the restaurant.  Since we forgot to bring a knife, a friend went to the cashier to ask to borrow a knife.  When she came back, she told us that the cashier said that they "do not use knives both in the restaurant and in the kitchen, so they cannot give us a knife to cut the cake".
I thought it was ridiculous so I went up to the cashier and asked for a knife to cut my friend's birthday cake.  The cashier gave me a very annoyed look.  "I'm sorry," she said.  "We don't have knives."
"You don't have knives?  In the kitchen?  You don't have anything that you can cut things up with?  Like a birthday cake?"
"Yeah.  I'm sorry.  We don't have knives."  She replied, looking away as if the conversation ended.  REALLY???!!
Later on (I guess they felt sort of bad), another person who worked in the restaurant came to us and said that they would cut the cake for us in the kitchen.  Then they apologized and said that "their restaurant does not cut cakes".  I kind of laughed it off, but I just believe that their attitude could have been better.  It's not like we were going to use the knife to "kill" anyone!!  We just needed the knife to cut my friend's birthday cake!!
Long story short, avoid this restaurant at all costs.  Or just be there for the food and get out before their poor customer service rears its ugly head.Meh, I think I need to try something different here. My last Kimchi rice bowl was just ok...really no texture or flavors to balance out the heat. The dumplings were SO small...$16 later I was still hungry.  Cranky service as well. Still a solid choice in the neighborhood, but my last visit was disappointing.Kicked me out for attempting to eat my to-go order inside the restaurant because they are "environmentally friendly and don't want people who order to-go to fill up the trash cans with plastic" ... (???) After telling them I'd take my trash with me and throw it out elsewhere they still kicked me out COOOLgreat price, friendly staff, and environmentally conscious business.  the food is quite basic, but it is consistently delicious.  i usually order the spicy beef bento box.  
best part (for me) is that they deliver to the mantua area, which for some reason, so many university city businesses refuse to do.  i am ordering in tonight!decent, not my fav but it's close to my partner's house, so..... staff's mostly made of lowkey condescending white women which kinda makes me uncomfortable. some are nice 
soba salad is sooo goooodddd
don't go here for ramen. 
korean fried chicken is meh
udon soup is goodIt was ok. Nothing spectacular. I had he rainbow roll and there was nothing wrong with it. It was huge, and the fish was ok. The rice was super good sweet sushi rice. We also had the gyoza. Again, nothing special. I've had those same gyoza at other restaurants. Overall it was ok. I wish the sushi menu was larger.After reading all of the less than enthusiastic reviews for this place, my initial excitement  from discovering how close this place is to me dwindled. 
At first glance Tampopo3 isn't anything impressive, its kinda located in the middle of nowhere on a random street in West Philly. The decor is plain and simple. If people are expecting great service and elaborate/intricate decor then they are going to be disappointed. This place is about a step up from a food vending machine. You order, pay, eat, and leave. 
Since I was craving Japanese and all of the other Japanese places in West Philly suck, I decided to make the trip. I ordered the Curry Katsu and it was surprisingly good. The curry tasted a bit generic, but not exactly bad, the katsu was fresh and crunchy and seasoned a lot better than other places I have been to. It was kind of expensive at 8 dollars a bowl, but it is a nice change of pace from the usual fare offered in that area.Didn't live up to the hype. I decided to grab one of their rice bowls per the recommendations of reviewers and one of my friends. Suffice to say, I was sorely disappointed.
The meat was great - seasoned, marinated, grilled very well. The rest - not so much. My bowl was served to me with a simple scoop of brown rice and two pieces of plain, cold broccoli. While the portion was plentiful, the quality was subpar. If I'm shelling out $7.50 for a dish, I expect for there to be something far better than I could have done at home. 
I will not be returning here again.The spicy bowl and the teriyaki bowl of chicken with rice is very good. Its about 8 something for a bowl. Great for lunch or pre lunch lol. But heads up, they don't take cards unless the purchase is 20$ or more.Tampopo is OK.  Prices aren't bad and location is convenient for me, so I wasn't too disappointed.  We had two sushi rolls -- the spider and the volcano.  The spider roll was much more bland than spider rolls I've had at other restaurants.  We had a side of the shrimp tempura, which was tasty, and an order of veggie dumplings.  The dumplings were definitely the best part of the meal, and I would consider having them again.food is decent but what's up with the hours? online listing and the sign on the door says they close at 9:30, walked over there at 9 and they were closed. annoying, i'm hungry!I love Eel don there and Rolls also delicious.
Ytd, I tried Yakisoba.... it was so good :)My second go round here was due to my bibimbob craving.  Thank goodness my dinner was delicious.  Only negative was i forgot to ask if i was able to get my order on the hot plate.  I ordered the special for the day, salmon bibimbob with a side of inari.  It was kinda like a california bowl because it included avocados.  I've never had inari before and i really enjoyed it.  I guess because i love anything with vinegar.  There's much to say about coming here for my bibimbob and not even stoping by the lil pop shop.  Dinner was delicious.Hrmm. Not sure if this place is just japanese/asian inspired, but it didn't hit the mark.
I got the chicken katsu-don, and it was essentially just 5 pieces of breaded chicken on a bed of rice. Not really worth $7.50. Maybe more like $4.50. The rice was mushy and very bland. I only ate half and doused the leftovers with soy sauce when I got home.
The prices seem a little high for me considering the food is quite sub-par (Ramen is $8.50!? Udon is $7.50? No thanks).Was excited when i heard bout this place coming to my neighborhood (im only a block away!) It was my first time having Japanese/Korean and with that said I had no idea what to order. So I had to rely on the descriptions on the menu and the very informative girl who took our order over the phone. We opted for delivery. The restaurant itself just doesn't appeal to me. (Plain black benches and tables..thats it)
Food: I got the chicken with egg BiBimBob. Yum! Came with grilled strips of chicken over jasmine rice (which im addicted too) and lots of 
veggies topped with a sunny side up egg..He got the salmon Bento Box and loved it. Also got the steamed shrimp dumplings. So soft and tasty. Delish! 
We will definitely be back!It's just... not very good and hideously expensive given the quality and the fact that it's counter-service. I've lived around the corner for almost 2 years, so every so often I decide to give it another try (...and another, and another, and another...). But the sushi is a step below the stuff you can get at the Fresh Grocer (really), the ramen is way inferior to Ramen Bar's, I'd rather ride out to Upper Darby for Korean food, and the bento boxes are so mediocre it hurts.
If the food were stepped up, it would be a great addition to the neighborhood.  
No reason to go. Save your money.The food here is fine.  What I had was just unremarkable.  The soup is good too, but again just ordinary.  I did not expect much on a weekday afternoon, especially as cold as it was outside, but I would have given another star had it not been for the prices.  You know when you're feeling like you're getting a good deal?  Well this place was the opposite.  Dropped like $25 on what should have cost $15 at most.  The music was annoying, so that didn't help. I must say the service is good here.  I asked for extra ginger and the woman came around from behind the counter to give it to me.  I was impressed by that.Got ramen here on a lazy Sunday afternoon. It was cheap for the area but was below average. The pork had little fat and wasn't melt in your mouth, the egg was hard boiled and cold, and the only toppings were some scallions and bean sprouts. The only redeeming quality was the broth which was okay. I would go back here but only if I'm really craving it (and because the only other option is 2x as expensive).This was my first time here. I got the spider roll, The crunch roll and the west side roll. 
The sushi was very good. The spider roll and crunch roll were fantastic. There was an entire soft shell crab tempura serve with the spider roll which was absolutely divine. West side was presented beautifully, but as far as flavor goes, it was a little underwhelming. Over all, the sushi was fresh, tasty and filling. And the extra crab was a nice surprise! 
Service was decent. The man who brought our sushi to us was very kind. He seemed to really enjoy his job. 
I would have loved to try the bento box and ramen because everyone around me looked like they were enjoying theirs. I will most likely be back for that spider roll!Craving Korean food in West Philly leaves you with limited options, and while Tampopo is definitely not the bulgolgi or pandan I really want, it's a good fix.  They do deliver fast throughout West Philadelphia (not just University City) and their food is reliable.  
Typically, I get the bibimbap (of course with egg and beef) and kimchi.  Both are good versions of the originals- but if you're truly craving the real deal, make a trip to the real deal.
I think they are a bit overpriced for what they serve but it's a nice change from heavier food options in the neighborhood.Came by for lunch today and ordered the spicy pork bento box.  The place is pretty small so would recommend getting there before noon to avoid the rush.
The service was really fast and got our food really quickly.  The bento box was good - edamame was well seasoned, steamed broccoli, rice and then the pork.  Really good flavors with the pork.  Would've liked to have some more seasoning on the broccoli.  
Would come back again although you might smell like their kitchen if you decide to eat there!Fresh Katsu Curry Rice Bowl - yum!
Shrimp Shumai - eh
Thanks Zagat!HUGE value for money.
I got the spicy beef bowl with broccoli. The spice level was very low, for anyone who was worried about it.
The bowl was some 75% meat and 25% rice. The meat was slightly over-salty and I did find myself wishing for more rice. There's nothing particularly memorable about it, flavor or texture-wise. It's basically a bulgolgi. I did find myself wishing for more rice to go with it!
The broccoli was $0.75, I got three pieces of it, and it was unseasoned and undercooked.OVERRATED. Not authentic at all and honestly the food was not great. I went with three other friends, and neither of us finished what we order just because either the taste was too "Americanized", or the texture of the meat was weird. Not coming back again and was surprised so many people liked it. The staff was very nice though...Had shrimp gyoza. I really didn't taste shrinp or seafood at all. I'm  a gyoza feen so i eat them as a meal. Really disappointing.Really high quality, great tasting food, quick food.  I have eaten here more times than I can countI LOVE THIS SPOT !!!! Coming from L.A and having great quality  takeout options Tampopo hits the spot :) I'd only wish they were more generous with their portions.Typical hole in the wall type style restaurant. The women behind the register was very nice and patient with me (because I had a few questions about the menu). I can see myself going back so far I have no complaints about the service or menu options.This place has good japanese/korean "fast food," like chicken teriyaki, bibimbop, yakisoba, etc. The food is pretty decent, but I think they could lower the price by $1 or $2. I guess if you live in the city, you're expected to pay more, but still. I think I would come back to this place more often if they lowered the price a little bit. Their spicy chicken donburi is what I usually get. It really hits the spot. One thing you have to remember when ordering togo is to make sure to ask for more rice. They're kinda cheap on the rice, so they only fill maybe 1/3 to 1/2 of the bowl. At least they're kind enough to give you  more rice for free. I'll go back here... when i'm really lazy to cook.Yummy Japanese casual fare. Eat in or take out : I usually order my favorite to go, the Tuna Bim Bim Bop - a varied selection of deliciousness, including a cabbage salad with avocado, and tuna sashimi, topped with a tasty dressing, and enjoy it in Rittenhouse Square Park when the weather is nice outside. Friendly staff, nice food selection. This is the other Japanese food, ie the non - sushi restaurant. Good prices too.Spicy chicken and rice bowl is one of a kind and the jawns working the counter have top shelf taste in their playlists. A+ lunch spot.I secretly was hoping for Tampopo to be bad just so that I could call it Tampoopoo. However, it was delicious! Highly recommend stopping by if you happen to be in center city.A lot of people wrote about this place so my review will be short and sweet:
Food: what sets them apart from the rest of the bunch in my opinion is the dishes with chicken breast, theirs is grilled whole and chopped in front of you, tastes a-mazing!
Place: That's where it looses the one star, it's small, and rather expensive for the type of food and number of restaurants with similar cuisine around.Great place to go on a casual date. People were welcoming and nice. Food was really great and price was reasonable. It's a good option if you or your date is a vegetarian (i.e. Tofu and vegetable options).Absolutely delicious, which is surprising for a meal that is served up so quick. The spicy chicken bowl is a must!Food was OK. Not too authentic. Service is grouchy and unpleasant. No one was here when I came but staff seemed irritated that I wanted to dine in. Overall a lousy experience. Not planning to return.What can I say that hasn't been said already?
Well for one, the hot tofu bento box is amazing!  It was the first thing I tried and I keep coming back for it - tofu does not get any better than this.  It's also a delight in the tofu kimchee rice bowl, balancing out the tang of the cabbage with the sweetness of the glaze on the tofu.  I'm also a fan of the japchae, which is surprisingly not greasy (always a problem with fast food korean). 
Everyone is so friendly here.  They want to get your order just right and really care about your food.  The staff all eats together after they close the restaurant down after the lunch rush.  Not only is this adorable, they know the menu inside and out.  Did I mention it's fast, as well?  
This place gets everything right: low price, delicious taste, quick/friendly service.Wandered in here for lunch and tried the hot spicy chicken bowl. It was absolutely amazing. They didn't skimp on the chicken and the sauce was just the right balance between sweet and spicy. I will absolutely try this again.So tasty! For nights I'm in the mood for Asian and don't feel like cooking. I tend to do delivery or carry out.
Ordered: gotta have the spicy chicken bento box. They use just the right combo of spices and the chicken is juicy. The gyozas and udon bowls are great as well. They have other great selections as well. Mix of Korean, Japanese and Chinese. Every time the food is consistent.
Service: order time is usually between 15/20 mins. They are all ready nice and patient with questions. 
Overall: good for lunch and dinner. great for a quick, easy, non-complicated meal.They never get old and have plenty of options if you want to mix things up. I've probably order take out from here 2 dozen times and they consistently offer a great product. My go-to dish is the bento box with spicy chicken, brown rice and broccoli. Yum!The food is ok but if you're Korean or know your Korean food you know this isn't authentic at all. I can say I can get way better prepared Korean food at HmartIf I had not tasted the real Dolsot Bim Bip Bap I would have thought that this was good.  It was tasty but not great.  Kind of like Korean for Americans.  Was also a little expensive for what you got.Live a couple blocks away from Tampopo in W. Philly, find myself there quite often. The food is balanced and affordable. Spicy pork kimchi is a personal favorite, quite delicious.The spicy pork rice bowl is my favorite,  with brown rice and broccoli. Nice quiet place, perfect for grabbing a bite by yourself if you must. The people behind the counter are friendly, I'd definitely recommend!mmm. yum. I used to drop into tampopo all the time for a quick lunch when I worked nearby. My coworkers and I love this tiny trendy little joint because it's a) quick b) decently priced c) delish
I particularly enjoy sitting on the stools staring out into the street as I'm eating by bowl of udon, bi bim bop, or whatever else.
I agree with whoever said...don't get sushi here..it's usually not a good idea to get sushi and tiny places of this caliber...(no offense tampopo peepz..) because this is more of a takeout/eat quick places...katsu, bibimbop, their many "bowls" and my personal fav..udon is the way to go.Awesome small place for a quick lunch or dinner. Decent selection of simple traditional Korean and Japanese dishes with some rice bowls. They give you a good amount of food that will leave you satisfied. You order at the counter and find your seat or take it to go. Super nice staff. Hits the spot if you are looking for that healthy comfort Asian food.When I'm looking for good, fast, and inexpensive food when I'm around Rittenhouse I immediately go to Tampopo. I personally love their Bento Box options. Perfect portion size. The dining room is small (seats maybe 15-20) and can get crowded, but you can get take out and go to the park on a nice day.I definitely wouldn't recommend to try the Korean glass noodle (Japchae). The taste was weird, nothing like what I always have for Japchae. I tried both the spicy and non-spicy. The spicy was worse as the spiciness overrides the taste itself. I haven't try the bimbimbap, maybe it will change my mind. 
The place is casual, nothing special. It is definitely more like a fast food place, if you are trying to do take away and like to get a quick meal.Love Korean food and wanted to try this place for a while. A tip, grab some beer before going in, its BYOB. 
Food was good for quick service Korean and I would go again since I haven't been able to find spicy pork to my liking in CC yet.
The downfall for me was the staff. The young lady at the counter seemed as if she couldn't be bothered to take and order and when you started with your order seemed impatient. Almost to the point of looking at you like you are wasting her time.  I work in food service and wasting someone time is not anything I strive for. I also thoroughly enjoy Korean food and know what dishes I want before I even approach the counter.
They take credit cards but their is a $10 minimum. 
Maybe if I called in an order I can avoid the surly counter person who clearly doesn't want anyone there?GREAT neighborhood spot! I order food from here at least once a week. The quality of the food is consistently good, service is friendly and efficient, and the menu is pretty diverse for a small restaurant. 
The atmosphere is pleasant but nothing particularly special - I probably wouldn't come here on a date or to celebrate major events. However, it's a terrific place to meet a friend for a casual dinner or to pick up food from on your way back from work. I recommend trying the chicken katsu curry bowl and gyoza appetizer (especially if it's cold or rainy outside). Their salmon dishes are also very good.mediocre korean food to go. 
Without the option of the clay pot bowl for my bibimbap... the alternative is just not as good. Good on the go but not my go to for korean.Food was great! We got a spicy chicken bowl and bibimbap. My only concern was that it was pricey for the amount of food we received.Got the chicken bibimbop to go and ate outside near the park because it was a gorgeous night. It was fresh and tasted good. Only took 5-10 minutes from when I walked in and ordered to when I walked out. The place itself was pretty small and minimal with only about 6 small tables. I wouldn't mind going back here and exploring their menu further.I'm a Tuna BiBimBop fan.  Hands down its my go to order.  Every once in a while I get a spicy chicken with extra sauce - the sauce is so good!  I haven't been able to find a duplicate anywhere (nor have I figure out whats in it enought to attempt to make it on my own.  
This is definitely a good take out place.  There is some room to sit down if you wanted to, but i prefer to take it somewhere else.
Once thing I have to mention (which a coworker pointed out to me) is their prices rise.  Even from silly things to a side salad was a $1 and has now jumped to 2.5$  not a huge deal but still a big jump for no *real* change or increase in quality.
I love it here.  I'm a big fan for lunch at the office or take home for dinner. Staff is super friendly and you can tell they are working as fast as they can back there.  
Great work everyone, Tamps rocksYummy Korean food! The spicy chicken (and beef) are DELICIOUS! The bibimbap was delicious as well. Plenty of indoor seating.No idea why this place is rated so highly. No. idea.
It's overpriced, the portions are not that large and the flavors are so unoriginal it's amazing that this place is so popular. There are far, far more places to get better bibimbap, donburi bowls, gyoza, etc.I get the curry with chicken katsu most times because it tastes so good - a cool combination of an indian style curry sauce with breaded chicken! Everything tends to taste pretty good - would recommend a bento box or any of their bowls; I find there are better places for sushi. Only potential downside is that the sitting area is pretty minimalistic and lines can be long during rush. Nevertheless, this should be one of your favorite spots to grab food in Philly.You know how when you go someplace and you have something and love it so much that you're afraid to try anything else whenever you go there - yet you wonder what everything else tastes like? Because if one dish can be so magical, everything else must too -right?
That's my current dilemma. I've visited Tampopo for lunch on and off for about the past year and a half. It's incredible but I can only speak to the quality of their spicy chicken bowl, which is the only thing I've ever ordered here. It's so good that I don't ever want to try anything else.
I recommend trying this place, but only if you order what I order. I have no idea what anything else tastes like. But what I order is amazing, so it stands to reason that everything else will be at least close to as good as this, right? So go ahead! Be adventurous! Try something else. Or try what I always have and be super-impressed (hopefully!)Okay I realize I keep waffling on the rating for this place but I'm going to update to 5 stars just for their bibimbap. I just had it again after a while but I think this is my favorite rice dish ever. It comes covered in veggies (squash, carrots, sprouts, spinach) and you can get a protein and a fried egg with it. The fried egg is cooked just right with the white crispy but the yolk still runny. I also love you can get brown rice cooked just right as well. I like this place 10x more than Giwa; better tasting food and better value too. Get the bibimbap!Ehhh. This place is more like, 2.5 stars. I ate so much of my dinner because I was STARVING, however, under normal circumstances I don't think I'd have enjoyed it as much. My bf and I ordered the bento boxes - his with chicken and brown rice, mine with tofu and brown rice. You know how those boxes come with little compartments, right? Well sitting in one of those little compartments was a BABY CARROT.
A baby carrot.
I stared at it. I thought to myself, "could they honestly NOT have found anything else in the kitchen to put in this slot?"
I guess not.
The food was just average. The sushi we ordered was also just average and kind of tasted like supermarket sushi. 
The people working were not the friendliest of people.
But they're right down the street and convenient so I guess I'll give them another shot.Love love love loveeeeeee this place!  I have been walking past it on weekends after meals so I never wandered in but after I read some of the other reviews, I decided to stop in today for a late lunch.  I was a little hungover so perhaps that affects my review a little, but I have been looking for a NY's Cafe Zaiya-type place since I moved to Philly 2 years ago.  This place has great dishes whether it is vegetarian (lots of tofu options) or has a good size serving of meat in it.  I am a Korean pork lover so of course I opted for the spicy pork and kimchi bowl which was excellent!  Could not believe it was only $7.50.  Also, I heard if you bring your own bowl, it saves you another 50 cents!  Getting stuffed on great tasty food for under $10 always makes me incredibly happy.  My friends tried the spicy tofu bento box which is a pretty good deal (comes with a choice of (1) broccoli, gyoza, or 2 other options, (2) brown or white rice, and (3) edamame.  The portions are a decent size and I left very full.  I really want to try the bibimbop (the tuna and the regular) and the katsudon.  I feel like a place like this should have a solid katsudon and if they do, I'll be back every day!
Edit:  I've lowered my rating because I went back and got yakisoba and the spicy beef bowl and they both were not very good.  Perhaps it was because I ordered take-out but the spicy beef bowl just tasted like a heap of go chu jang (Korean red pepper paste) and the yakisoba was totally tasteless.I've been looking for a consistent "Go-To" place to grab dinner after my run off the the Schuykill Banks that wouldn't negate my whole run, and I think I've found it here.  It's simple, good, reasonably priced, and not deep fried happy.  
I realize that the rice bowl is the thing here, and I promise I'll try it.  However, I wasn't in a rice mood my first time there so I ended up getting the japchae (clear noodles) with chicken and the 6 piece tuna roll.  I was very content with the portion but greedily almost wished I got the 12 piece of tuna.  The tuna roll didn't have an excessive amount of rice as filler, and the tuna just melts in your mouth.  I wish the japchae bowl has more vegetables, but they are very honest about the contents on their website, so I can't knock them for that.  Next time, I'll sautee some vegetables myself and add it to the bowl.  
I'm already thinking about what to order next time.  I'm leaning towards the hot spicy tofu bowl....or the spicy chicken.A friend of mine and I decided to try Tampopo after researching it on yelp.  As many have said, this is a great spot for lunch.  The Hot Spicy Chicken bowl is amazing! The chicken is juicy and grilled perfectly. They give you plenty of food and more chicken than other places I have been to.  Definitely a must try!Decent bi-bim bap but nothing extraordinary.  The rice bowls do not come with vegetablesQuick and nice service, lots of seating considering the small space, good prices (I didn't think the portions were too small, unlike other reviewers). Two stars bc the food just simply wasn't anything to write home about. Got yaki soba and it was bland and had too many sprouts. The tofu in it tastes too tofu-y if you know what I mean.Why are the non-spicy bowls so bland? Why does my grilled chicken crunch when I bite into it? I feel so gross. Never again, Tampopo.Great Korean restaurant! Quick food, very tasty, and makes you feel relatively healthy about yourself (haha).  It's a walk in, order-at-the-counter-type of place and they'll call your order at front and you need to pick it up.  I got the bi-bim-bop, which was a lot more food than I was anticipating.  They give this semi-spicy sauce with it (on the side) and an optional sriracha if you ask for it.  Relatively small seating area  with probably no more than 20 people that could sit and eat there, so I would caution against bringing larger groups especially around busy hours to make sure you all get seats.  Overall a great place!My quick fix whenever I crave bibimbap. It's even getter with a side of kimchi. Had the chicken noodle salad once,  it was okay.I cannot forgive out why there isn't one of these in each ne Gabor hood in town. Flavors are amazing, food is fresh, veggie and vegan options - every single thing I've tried so far is my favorite thing on the menu.  I often suffer from indigestion the day after eating Asian food.  I never have a problem here, which means their ingredients are whole.  I only discovered it 6 weeks ago, and I've been coming about twice a week ever since.  Definitely a staple choice for eating out. And the staff are friendly, accommodating, and on it.  I just love this place.I'm not Korean and don't really know what good authentic Korean is but the food here tasted similar to something my Chinese mother would cook up in her wok. I got the beef bi bim bap with brown rice for dinner and it really hit the spot. The beef was tender and juicy. The presentation and texture of the vegetables could have been better if they had sliced them up more evenly into smaller, more tender slices. Instead, the veggies were tough and overcooked. The egg in my dish was a perfect over easy though. Brown rice was cooked very well, not dried out or hard, and had that springy texture to it. Overall, this is no frills homestyle Asian stir-fry that won't leave you feeling greasy afterwards! I would go back.YUM. cheap delish rice bowls. nice and simple but very flavorful. The sushi looked so...blah, so i wouldnt go there, stick with the other choices.  I loved the eel.  i'd give it a 5 but they use styrofoam bowls (boo) and tell you to bring your own. Who wants to carry a bowl around? just use real bowls guys.This place deserves 5 stars because they keep it simple, fresh, tasty, and do it very well. I go here usually once a week for lunch. All of the dishes i've tried were really good: spicy chicken breast, salmon, pork with kimchi. Curry katsu chicken is also very good and has some spice to it. I always get it with brown rice which is cooked perfectly. It's fairly priced for a center city quick meal. The quality of the food is always fresh.The fresh tuna bibimbap is the best and most beautiful meal you're not eating.
I moved out of Philadelphia over a year ago and Tampopo was the first thing I started to miss.  Not to mention, it's the first restaurant I returned to when I came back for a visit.
The service is fantastic, the food only takes about 5-7 minutes to make and the prices are unbeatable.
Oh yeah... Bring Your Own Bowl? Amazing.
Tampopo - you make me miss Philly!I'm slightly obsessed with Tampopo.
A) they have a plus-sized menu. Sexy.
B) the food has never failed to please (me, anyway).
C) I mean, have you seen the movie?!
For those of you who don't know, Tampopo means Dandelion.  It's also the name of a movie by Juzo Itami. Here's the kicker, it's about a trucker, trying to popularize a noodle house (named Tampopo).  It includes food as sex-toys (too funny to miss) and a hilarious old lady whose antics I will let you find out about on your own. I highly recommend that you watch the movie whilst dining on Tampopo takeout. 
A couple things to note: dining room is small. I'd recommend this for lunch, but not dining in for dinner.  Also, you really only have bottled beverage options. Again, I recommend take-out. Yumm-o.Solid place to grab a quick bento or bibimbap (definitely WITH the egg.  seriously, who gets anything without the egg?!?!).  Food is nothing mind-blowingly-special, but generally consistently good, and hits the spot (usually) when I'm craving some simple asian food (and don't feel like making it myself).  
Food can sometimes take awhile to come out, so be patient!
Overall, a solid place that we frequent quite a bit!Taste wise, I think this was okay. When I hear or read Korean foood, I have this really high expectation for how the meat should taste. This was no where near what I had in the past, and I even got the spixy chicken breast version. 
My bowl itself was about $12 because I ordered extra meat and extra sauce. The bowl itself would be $9. The brown rice was delicious! I wish I had more rice.
The location of the place was pretty nice. It is pretty small tho, so I wouldn't big groups unless you just taking out to eat. 
Overall I'd give it a 3.5 out of 5... I don't think I'd eat there again tho.I was so excited to try this place.  After half a week of eating touristy, greasy food in Philadelphia, the fresh-sounding and non-fried dishes at Tampopo were exactly what I was craving.  Imagine my disappointment when my tuna bowl came back absolutely drowning in an artificial, painfully-spicy sauce.  I could barely eat two bites before giving the rest to my friend. 
Tip #1:  It's fairly expensive for a take-out-bowl style restaurant (~$13-15), and most of the vegetables in the bowl are cabbage.  
Tip #2:  BEWARE OF THE SPICY SAUCE.
Overall:  I might have enjoyed my food if it wasn't slathered in a thick red spicy glaze.  I probably had enough spicy sauce in my bowl for five other people.I'd give this place a 3.5 stars solely based on the food. I got the chicken Kimchi with broccoli and my friend the chicken teriyaki. The price point was good and I'm glad that they had seating indoors! I just thought mine was too spicy and the dish was lacking that flavor kick I was hoping for. Sadly they were out of bibimbap. I'll probably go back if I'm in the area and update the review, but I'll definitely get a different dish.I decided to go there for lunch since I have been craving for kimchi. I got spicy pork kimchi rice bowl. It was way too spicy for me and too much sauce...I will have to go for bibimbob next time! But love how you can choose between white and brown rice.I work nearby so I come to this place about once or twice a month.  I always get the spicy chicken bowl, which I ask for "extra spicy" and they do, in fact, make it "extra spicy".  The cost is pretty reasonable, but you don't get a whole lot of food for the price.  I end up having to eat the entire bowl of rice just to fill me up, and I'm not a huge fan of rice.  But the rice IS good here.  There's not a whole lot of tables in the place, but it is nicely decorated, and clean.  The smell of cooking food permeates the joint, because the kitchen is right behind the counter, but the smell is pretty good.  The staff is friendly, and the food arrives very hot, right off the grill.  It's a small place, kinda loud, not too many tables, so don't come here with a big party expecting to find seating.  Unfortunately, they stopped serving sushi here, but there are nearby places, like Fuji Mountain, that are pretty good if it's sushi you want.PROS: Fast service, delicious, reasonably priced
CONS: Small location (better for takeout), probably super unhealthy
This is like... ASIAN FAST FOOD! It's fast... It's tasty... And it's probably terrible for your health! The over-sugared, salty, MSG-infested, nonexpiring pre-made spicy sauces are incredibly addicting. Although, with the generous amounts of vegetables in the BBBs and microwaved edamames in the bentos, you can almost fool yourself into believing that you're eating healthily! You'll feel even better if you bring your own bowl and save the planet... along with 50 cents.I'm always excited to sample anything my colleague BFF that's perfect at everything especially food in philly double-especially ASIAN food in philly suggests. 
I twisted her arm into having dinner with me last night. My work has been a bit slow lately, providing ample opportunity for me to thoroughly vet all of her suggestions yesterday. She mentioned this place and then afterwards said "nomnom ramen" which I thought was simply her commentary regarding this place. Apparently that's actually the name of another place she was recommending. 
Last night was particularly cold and I foolishly did not wear my bubble jacket. We called for take out. I offered delivery as a suggestion but she declined stating it was just around the corner. Made sense, not that that would stop me from ordering delivery...
Those big fat, juicy, noodles (udon) particularly appeal to me, so I went with yaki udon stir-fried noodles with tofu. LHZ ordered yaki udon stir-fried noodles with beef. I went with the spicy sauce, LHZ went with the regular version. 
Upon teasing off the lid, the spicy sauce with those big, fat, juicy noodles was very instagram-able. Saliva seeped from their ducts in my oral cavity as I allowed the image to focus on my phone, ready to dive into that bad boy. I snapped one chop stick from another, optimized their position in my hand's grip, and went to work. 
Unfortunately the sauce wasn't particularly tasty or spicy. There was 1 small-medium broccoli piece and another tiny broccoli piece. There were a few tofu cubes. There were a fair amount of bean sprouts (whoopee...). The flavor did not motivate me to continue after I started getting full, which is telling. I was looking forward to finishing that shit tomorrow (today) however I left the package in the back of my lyft on the way home. FML.
I mean, maybe some other shit at this place is good. My friend said that the bi bim bob in particular is good. I really wasn't satisfied with the yaki noodles enough to want to try this place again.a great place for an informal lunch or dinner.  It's counter service with about 8-10 small tables.  I have had great bi bim bap here, and nice salads for lunch that are a little pricier than I usually want to spend ($7 and up) but are enough for a good lunch and a mid-afternoon snack later.
Only giving 4 stars because I wish they used real dishes for eat-in rather than plastic.  They guy told me excitedly that they were reusable, but they were really just flimsy take-out containers that wouldn't survive multiple uses.there was a mousetrap in the bathroom! they obviously know that they have a pest control issue so how are they open for business? I was ready to leave the restaurant and wanted to run to the bathroom before leaving and so i had already eaten before i noticed this. There was also some steel left by the trap. As I came back to my seat, disgusted, i noticed that there was a corner that had a hole stuffed with that same steel in it. I will be reporting them.Inexpensive, tasty and fast. Tampopo is a reliable go-to for myself and my boyfriend when we want something yummy in a hurry. The people that work there are very friendly. The place itself is rather small, sometimes it's easier to get take-out and enjoy at home.Arrived at 8:50pm. Posted closing time is 9:30. Doors were open and light were on so I walked in side. Very rude and pissy woman behind the counter who had a massive attitude said they were closed. I drew her attention to the posted hours and she shrugged as if it wasn't her problem saying the kitchen was already cleaned and there was no chef. Lost $ and my business.Comfort food? It certainly hit the spot on one of the first definitely cold nights of the year! I had the curry bowl with tofu and some edamame on the side, and everything was just how I wanted it. Surprisingly to me Japanese style curry doesn't seem to be a particularly common menu item so it was a nice treat to see it here.
The place is very modest in scale and decor, and seating is certainly limited, but even on a Saturday night there were only a couple other people dining in. I suspect there is a larger crowd for lunch (and takeout), though I was quite satisfied with portion size and price for dinner.
By the way, it smells fantastic in here -- good thing you don't have to wait long for your food!My significant other and I have been coming here for a year and a half solid now. As a person with Celiac Disease and IBD, it is incredibly hard to find fresh, quality take out  food, that isn't full of grease and that will not make me ill. We have always received brilliant customer service and consistently incredibly high quality food, no matter what we order. They are extremely considerate with ordering add-on's and tweaking a dish, since most of their items are oriented along customization! 
This place is a life saver when I just don't have the energy to cook fresh at home! Whenever I have family in from out of town, I have to introduce them to Tampopo if I have a chance, not only for the fantastic food, but then they can see how lavishly even a person with Celiac Disease and IBD can eat! I would rate them higher than 5 stars if I could.
((Heads up! There is a $10 card minimum; however, Monde Market a few buildings down, has an incredibly cheap ATM fee, and adult beverages, if that tickles your fancy.))I've liked everything I've tried here so far. Hot spicy chicken bowl, chicken Katsu, bibimbap. Good for fast takeout but still fresh. Won't leave a greasy feel like many similar fast takeout spots, and the food is well prepared and well spiced. Friendly staff by they weren't so helpful with recommendations. Overall will go backI think of Tampopo as Rotisseur's slightly less ambitious Asian stepbrother.  They both have a white American father because methinks this is not the most authentic Asian food out there so not full Asian, yet retain a some core features that make both pretty lovable.  Casual seating and atmosphere, a place to stop in for a good meal at a good price any day of the week.  Rotisseur knocks it out of the park for me with their chicken bahn mi, while the  tuna bi-bim-bop didn't quite reach that stratosphere.  But I'll keep trying. 
Now, I could absolutely be wrong about the authenticity of the food here, being a white guy from Jersey and all, but that's the feeling I get.  If anyone from Tampopo reads this please do not take offense.  I do not care if your food is authentic.  I care if it's good.  And it's real good.The original space for cheap Japanese food in Philly, they opened a Jewelers Row location on Sansom St. a year or so ago (in the former Blue in Green space.)  
First and best tonkatsu I've had since having it in China (bit of a story behind that one.)I got a beef rice bowl for dinner here the other night. It was pretty tasty but I just wish there was more broth or sauce, as the meat was a little dry on the top. It was pretty reasonably priced. I got a small salad, rice bowl and drink for about $15. I'd go back!I really like this place for a quick lunch on my lunch break. I always get the spicy tofu!!! It's yummy and not too pricey.We like to get their donburi bowls with a fried egg on top! So yummy and cheap. It's a good go-to for dinner.My dish of choice is the salmon bibimbap - I love the pear and all of the fresh veggies - avocado, red cabbage, cucumber etc. and in the winter the kimchi bowl warms me up- I usually add broccoli. Definitely a favorite go to for a casual and affordable meal.This 4-star review needs to be understood in context. It's a 4-star hole-in-the-wall. Korean food, fast & fresh & tasty. Also I'm a sucker for heavily tattooed young counter staff who are very friendly and listen to 80's New Wave. The wife loved their tofu stir fry. I wasn't a huge fan of the chicken kimchi but the other fare I tried was really good.This place is good! I got a vegetarian bowl with tofu and brown rice. It was good, but it didn't really knock my socks off. Nevertheless, I would definitely order from here again. The menu has a lot of options, but it all was simple. Rice/noodles, vegetables, and some sort of meat and perhaps a little something extra. You can't really go wrong with that!Ordered the tofu bibimbap at lunch time. Came out to be around $10. Pretty tasty and very filing, I had enough leftovers to eat for dinner. The tofu was grilled, but it was just room temperature. The sweet and sour sauce on the side really made the meal. Overall it was good tasting, but not unbelievably delicious. I was a bit worried that all the bowls went into the microwave, but I think that's just to get a quick steam of some of the vegetables. Would probably go back.If this review was for the spicy tofu alone, it would be 5 stars.  That is some delicious tofu.  Perfect texture, nicely spicy, great flavor - try it once and you will be hooked.
But let me talk now about Tampopo itself.  It's one of my go-tos for a fast, cheap, delicious meal.  It's a great value: cheap but still high quality, and a place you could go with friends or even on a date.  Plus it's a BYO - win!  All the food is pretty good and the atmosphere is fun, casual, and a little hipster.
The food at Tampopo is tasty, but I don't think it's very authentic, particularly the bibimbop.  It has all the ingredients of bibimpop, but it's not really bibimbop: it doesn't have the amazing, crispy rice that you get from using a stone bowl.  It's good for what it is: a regular rice bowl with nice fresh veggies, flavorful meat/tofu, and a fried egg.  The sauce it comes with is great!
I do have one pretty petty issue with Tampopo; a struggle that I've been fighting and losing for years.  And this is: I want my rice bowl with their spicy tofu of the gods, but I ALSO want it with the large variety of veggies that come in a regular tofu rice bowl.  I've tried and tried but I can't make this happen.  For some reason, the only vegetable they can add in a spicy tofu bowl is broccoli.  They can make a veggie rice bowl.  They can make a veggie tofu rice bowl.  They can make a spicy tofu rice bowl.  But they CANNOT make a veggie spicy tofu bowl.  What kind of madness is this?
Fortunately I've found a workaround.  Now when I get tampopo with my boyfriend, he orders a bibimpop, I order spicy tofu with broccoli, and we trade vegetables so we each get a mix.  Sometimes you gotta get creative.  You're welcome, everyone.
Grudges aside, Tampopo is one of my favorites!Nice place for quick takeout of Japanese and Korean food. Lots of bentos, small dishes accompanied by rice, etc. Items could have more of the "entree" and less filler rice, especially since I wouldn't consider the price "cheap takeout". So good for quality, but pricier takeout. I think their Japanese curries are my favorite items.