CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS AWFULLLL..Delilah M.  Didn't seem to care..The food was awful...really bland..no taste..This place is off of our list...$34.29...Good brunch spot with friendly staff, clean atmosphere, good food. Overall a good experience.Absolutely terrible. If I could give negative stars I would. Every time I have gone, the wait was at least a half hour, for eggs. Just, eggs.
This last time, I went with my two friends, we were seated immediately. Waiting 15 minutes for anyone to come by to ask us if we wanted anything to drink/take our order. Got coffee, it was burnt and stale. Then we ordered breakfast, all simple, all variations of eggs with meat and toast. Waiting 20 minutes, then got cold toast. At that point the assumption was that our food would be following suit. Waited for another 45 minutes. NO FOOD. Our waiter didn't come by once in that time to check on us or anything. In fact, he stood on the other side of the restaurant as far away as he could. After 45 minutes with shitty coffee and COLD SOGGY toast, we requested to cancel our meal and leave. We were told our food would be out any moment, we just have to wait 5-10 more minutes. Nope. We left. Had to pay for our drinks though, no offer to comp. 
Ridiculous. I will never, ever, go there again.Loved the food before the renovations! We were blown away after the renovations. The place is virtually unrecognizable on the inside. We were greeted by a nicely dressed hostess. The interior looked wonderful...there's a huge flat screen, a chalk board, and an outdoor patio that has a wall which will project TV/movies. Our server was on point and very nice. The food was still delicious and had so many new choices. And now its a BYOB. Can't wat to come back, great job!!Had never been here before but the hubby and I were tired of walking down to Main Street for breakfast. Apparently they just renovated and it shows. We said it was like a modern 50s diner feel. Very good service and the breakfast tastes fresh. They use Le Bus bread which is a nice touch, too. They also accommodated substitutions without any problems because we don't eat meat. We will definitely go back.This place is AWESOME!!! 
Our venue had cancelled on us hours before our party and Taylor's was able to accommodate our party of 38 on two hours notice. They handled everything wonderfully. The staff is excellent. The food, AMAZING!!!! And the decor and atmosphere was perfect and had a futuristic feel. I would recommend this place ten times over. I look forward to hosting future events here.My 3-star review of Taylor's has little to do with the food. There were eight of us having brunch for Father's Day. All eight enjoyed their meals. The service was awful. 
Our server could not have been less interested in our group. He came by early, took a drink order, and left us with menus for quite a while. When he brought coffee, there was not silverware on the table, so those who wanted cream and sugar could not stir it in. 
Once our order was taken, the wait for our food was insanely long. Not to mention, I had to get up to find our server to beg for coffee refills. When the food began to arrive, it was not all at the same time. Entrees were missing sides, etc. 
The server finally took notice that we were upset with the experience and offered a 10% discount on our bill.  That was nice, but his attention was a little late. What seemed to be missing from the restaurant was the presence of a manager or host/hostess. No one really seemed to be managing everything. 
Would we return?  Probably, because the food was good. If the service is subpar again, next time will be the last.Roxborough has a dearth of good breakfast spots - unfortunately this used to be a decent place, if awfully dirty, to get a reliable, inexpensive breakfast quickly that felt the need to COMPLETELY change.  The old Taylor's was a nicotine-stained glimpse of the way things "used to be", while the new Taylor's is modern, uncomfortable, bright, and completely lacking soul or character.  Perhaps the dust bunnies added flavor, the greasy everything charm, and the dingy vibe homeyness, but what exists today is a uber-modern cafeteria vibe reminiscent of an Ikea in a wealthy suburb. 
And that's not a good thing. 
And the food...I am sure the same people are cooking it, but something happened on the way to clean and shiny.  Inconsistent is the best way to describe things - one day it's actually good, the next cold, soggy, and remedied by a trip to the microwave.  (Hot fruit anyone?)  I have made a handful of trips here, always hoping they improve (they are really close to home)...and it never happens.  There is only one real highlight of the menu - but it's a killer and earns the 2nd star - the Waffled Biscuit.  Take a waffle iron cooked biscuit, then cover it with creamed chip beef...all for $4.  Double the order and hangover CURED!  Prices for food are more Main Street than Roxborough, but they did keep some lower-priced options. 
Coffee...somehow they new mugs instantly cool your coffee to the point of meh.  It's decent coffee too - on the rare occasion it is hot enough it's pretty good - and the waitress never seems to be able to keep up with refills.  Caffeine junkies are warned.  Taylor's is a BYOB - but really, who is going to drink here?  Service is spotty at best.  The new furniture is weird...way too modern to be really all that comfortable.  
I keep hoping Taylor's improves - the people working are genuinely friendly, seem to try really hard...but I have my doubts.  Reduced hours recently indicate things aren't going so well.  But I hope....First time here for brunch & got the Po Boy with fries & it was really good.  My boyfriend got the London Broil & the sauces on each were awesome. The decor is cool, & the service is what made the fifth star for my review. Our server was a super kind Brazilian guy who really was above & beyond!I just got brunch here at 130 on a Friday. It was pretty empty (probably due to the timing) and quiet. There was no music playing and it was kind of dark inside the cafe, but we weren't allowed to sit outside. They have good vegan options, and the food was pretty good. They also have siracha which a lot of places don't offer. They're service is good and prompt; we were never waiting for our waitress to offer more water or our check. No major gripes, but we'll probably try somewhere else next time!This place has pretty good brunch food, the only reason why I gave it 3 starts because part of my order was wrong when I got take out here. For brunch my friend and I decided to go with the omelet and the breakfast salad with a side of fruit. The omelet came with a side of hash brown with the option of having onions and peppers. The omelet dish was pretty good. Unfortunately the breakfast salad was missing the avocados! I really liked salad still without the avocados but one of the main reasons I ordered the salad was for the avocados. It's always a pet peeve of mine when take out orders are wrong. It's like they don't care as much about your food compared to customers who opt to dine in. Hopefully next time my order will be correct. I also got their orange juice which was really good, it's freshly made from real oranges. I was also impressed by the large screen tv they had at the counter. It was about 50inches and you could watch the football game or w/e show pretty clearly on it. 
I will probably come back to this place again! 
tip: if you check in on here you get 10% offI don't even want to give Taylor's the time of day but feel like this review needs to be included. I went with my boyfriend and his mom for a quick bite to eat. We ordered an omelet, 2 waffles and an order of chicken tenders. They brought out the waffles after about 45 mins. 15 mins later we still have no other food and no drinks. Our waitress then came  out with the chicken and we ask for new waffles because ours are cold. Then 5 mins later the omelet comes out which is not at all what is advertised on the menu, when I brought this to the waitress' attention she apologized but made no effort to fix it. At this point she refilled our drinks and brought them back with no ice. She then brought back THE SAME WAFFLES they put in the microwave which we just ended up eating. 
We then asked for a manager who was ridiculous. He barely spoke English and was not even paying attention to our complaints. He asked if we could pay half which we agreed to. Which is so rudely inappropriate but we just wanted to leave. He then brought out the wrong check which had been comped to 50%. At this point we told him we weren't paying and left. I've never had a worse experience at a restaurant. Clearly we won't be back.Not like it was before the renovations at all! It has a nice modern look, but the food is average. At best. They brought in expensive ingredients aimed at the younger, yuppie crowd with high prices and the food was just OK. The food was better before the renovations and the prices were reasonable. I guess those days are over.Why:
Okay here we go ....
I stayed in the Airbnb above the restaurant which came with a 20$ giftcard to the location. So, hungover I go to try and remedy poor choice in number of drinks and boy did I sober up once I walked in. 
Who: 
I walk in and I immediately get the "WHO TF IS THE BLACK CHICK" look. Although the sign says please wait to be seated, no one greeted me, asked me for here or to go or even approached me at all. The staff stood in their cliques staring. So as I start to walk past them to get myself a seat, I state aloud "I'll be ordering for here and to-go" and a waiter says "sure, you can sit where ever you like"
What:
My dine in order was a tofu omelet with home fries. The omelet was presentable but EXTREMELY bland.    I probably raised my blood pressure trying to make a difference in that thing. 
Now about these "home fries" I asked the waiter to make them slightly over cooked (given I saw bad photos of them being barely brown).  When they arrived it was more peppers and onions than potatoes. The peppers and onions were very close to raw, while the potatoes were a mixture of burnt pan scraps and chunks of barely seared potatoes. I also had an onion skin in my food.
How:
Did the family beside me get their 3 orders before I got my 1 when they indeed came in after me.
When: 
I was ready to pay w/ my gift card, debit card and yelp coupon only for them to tell me "the coupon can only be used M-F". Although I read a review of an Asian woman using it on a Sunday. 
Needless to say ... I think I got the black girl treatment pretty hardWe have enjoyed Taylor's food in the past, but this latest time we decided that we've had enough with the service.  We arrived and were told the was a 15 minute wait.  No big deal. We were upset because we sat at the empty counter to be ignored.  After being ignored, we decided to stand up so we wouldn't lose our place in line.  Shortly after, another group sat at the counter and got served immediately.  We walked out at that point.  Love the food, hate the service.A few years ago I walked into Taylor's and applied for a waitress job, I found something else and never heard from them but it was no big. I liked the old brick and it was dark but not too dark, I thought it was actually sort of homey feeling but that also could have been the old locals talking to waitresses they probably knew for years about the last Phillies game. 
My roommate, a local, heard it had been renovated so we decided to get breakfast and check it out. We were already worried with the vile "Foodery" next door and once we walked in it was sadly confirmed. The interior is much better, without a doubt but its so blatantly geared towards the unwanted population of entitled college kids that its puke worthy. I'm not sure how long they expect to be in business when the people they're trying to have as customers don't even belong here. One of the most endearing qualities of this neighborhood is the rough, blue collar roots. This owner clearly forgot where he is as people in these parts don't forgive easy. 
Speaking of the owner he spent a lot of time walking back and forth, looking busy but really just watching the TV in the back. The service was sub par but not terrible and the food was alright. 
Overall I doubt I'd ever go back here and I certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I hope a local can take this back and make it actually fit into its environment.Love the upgrades they have made. Service was great the first time I went food was great. I brought my mother with me the next I went because I was so impressed. The service was ok the waiter seem to have a problem understanding what I wanted ( cheese steak sauce and fried onions) my mother and son both finished by the time my lunch came back out. Also there was fruit flies every whereI went to this place last week for breakfast and left absolutely disgusted.  My plan was to eat at the restaurant but the whole place was overrun by gnats.  I've never seen anything like it.  I just asked for my food to go.  The food was pretty good but if they don't fix this gnat issue, they will have zero customers.This place has pretty good brunch food, the only reason why I gave it 3 starts because part of my order was wrong when I got take out here. For brunch my friend and I decided to go with the omelet and the breakfast salad with a side of fruit. The omelet came with a side of hash brown with the option of having onions and peppers. The omelet dish was pretty good. Unfortunately the breakfast salad was missing the avocados! I really liked salad still without the avocados but one of the main reasons I ordered the salad was for the avocados. It's always a pet peeve of mine when take out orders are wrong. It's like they don't care as much about your food compared to customers who opt to dine in. Hopefully next time my order will be correct. I also got their orange juice which was really good, it's freshly made from real oranges. I was also impressed by the large screen tv they had at the counter. It was about 50inches and you could watch the football game or w/e show pretty clearly on it. 
I will probably come back to this place again! 
tip: if you check in on here you get 10% offMy boyfriend and I used to love Taylors. The food is good and price is reasonable. We became regulars quickly, but after the last few times of poor service and them messing up a simple turkey club sandwich. One time it came with no bacon, the next time.. with hardly any turkey. And the wait for the food was insane, I had to send the last meal back and had to have it boxed to leave by the time it came out because I was in a hurry at this point. Why does it take 30 min to make a club sandwich I have no idea. Won't be back here again.Just visited Taylor's last weekend. We had been to Bob's Diner across the street previously and we wanted to try something new.
 Here's what I liked about Taylor's.
1. The coffee (La Columbe) is amazing. Never heard of it before but it's now my favorite.
2. Our server was kind and good at her job. 
Here's what I didn't like about Taylor's:
1. The decor. One would think, "Who gives a crap about the decor?"   I'd agree but this place is furnished like the owner got drunk and went to Ikea and said, "Give me all the gaudy!"  It's just an eyesore.  They do keep their establishment clean though.
2. The food. We ordered an omelet and a egg sandwich, both of which came with home fries. We also ordered an order of blueberry pancakes to share.  The food was just bland. We seasoned it of course, but it was just sort of blah. 
Taylor's is the kind of place you'd like if your mom only fed you Lunchables all your life. Oh, and if you love Ikea.Would not recommend this place to anyone. To be honest the food is decent, but it is the worst service I've ever experienced. I have eaten here multiple times and every experience has been negative. The food takes forever, there is no urgency. The waiters are not properly trained, and unattentative. The last waiter we had was frustrated when we asked for butter and syrup for pancakes, more coffee and hot sauce. He told us to hold on and that he had other things he needed to do first (completely fine, but it was the way he said it) He had a bad attitude the whole time. Someone in our party was shocked when he ordered French toast and they brought out 1 single piece of French toast.. then when he said he needed to order something else because he wasn't aware it would only be 1 price of bread, he asked for homefries, then changed his mind to a breakfast wrap.. the waiters response was "sorry I allready put the homefries in" which he could have easily reversed, and ultimately did when they were asked to change it. People here are lazy and should not be working in the restaurant business.My boyfriend and I used to love Taylors. The food is good and price is reasonable. We became regulars quickly, but after the last few times of poor service and them messing up a simple turkey club sandwich. One time it came with no bacon, the next time.. with hardly any turkey. And the wait for the food was insane, I had to send the last meal back and had to have it boxed to leave by the time it came out because I was in a hurry at this point. Why does it take 30 min to make a club sandwich I have no idea. It wasn't busy at all either, because then maybe I could understand. 
They didn't offer to comp any part of our bill to make up for anything. Won't be back here again.Honestly, I'm shocked at the reviews that this place has gotten. I've eaten at Taylor's a bunch of times. Generally the service is ok and so is the food. Lately, have noticed that the place is more disorganized than usually and my server was so inattentive.  Actually, the whole staff looked confused. There appears to be no leadership and the staff doesn't care at all. The place was also dirty. I will never go back.I would not return.   Breakfast for party of 4- 3 dishes came out and the 4th came out 10 min later and was missing part of the order.  The server was terrible and blamed the late entree on the kitchen being "too busy". The one featured  French toast with caramelized bananas was "not available" though they had bananas and they had French toast.   The red/white/blue French toast was gross.  Still not sure what the pink stuff was on top.  Too many other options for breakfast.  Will never return.solid traditional diner breakfast fare with good coffee, friendly staff, and snazzy decor.
homefries are rösti style with option of peppers and onion. BYOB.My wife and I went here last Saturday during normal brunch hours. We were seated fast since there were only 5 or 6 tables full and many empty. I thought it would have been much busier but now I know why. 
It took several minutes for a server to ask for our order. We ordered and waited 45 minutes for two plates of food in a restaurant that only had 6 tables...6 tables. I'd hate to see how slow the kitchen would be if there were 7 or 8 tables...much less a full house.
I ordered Cream Chipped Beef over toast. Took 15 mins to get my toast and another 30 to get food. Way too much bread for the bland and minimal creamed chip beef. My wife ordered some waffled biscuit fiasco with boiled to death asparagus. Another horrible plate of food. Waffled biscuits sounds foodie and hip and all but doesn't actually work because biscuits are meant to be fluffy and flaky and not dense and chewy. 
Our server was new so I don't really blame her for anything except not coming to our table to explain anything. Another waiter came and refilled our much needed empty coffee mugs but that too was horrible...stone cold coffee from a carafe. 
Never going back...Nice enough. I got the Banana Boat and a latte. The French toast was good, but the syrup and Carmelites bananas were a bit too much. Decent enough, but I'm not sure I will be back.Have been here a couple times and more am more disappointed each time.  I can understand a new restaurant having glitches..but not over and over again.  Last time there was a line to get in..and numerous tables open but no one seating customers.  The other time my friends and I weren't allowed to sit at the counter and eat when the tables were full.  They had a couple versions of the menu which were different and some foods weren't available.   Staff seemed frazzled and not able to keep up.  I so wanted to like this place..but I won't be back.  I loved the old Taylor's. .but not this one.I've been there twice for breakfast, the first vist we ordered pancakes and pork sausage we couldn't eat the sausage becase I think they were spoiled. They did take it off the ticket, pancakes where ok a little small. The second trip this past Saturday I went with a party of four most of us had omelets, I ordered poached eggs they came out ice cold. I asked the waiter if I could get them heated up and they came back cold again on the inside.  I like the look of the place but after two bad food experience's I'm not sold on this place for breadfast. Not sure I'll be back.I came here for breakfast with a friend on a weekday and it was, if anything, decent. The interior is a little bizarre: very clean with half of its dining space modernized. What sort of killed it for me was the electronic "news" ticker/advertiser I was facing during breakfast. As for the food, I'm not one to order something heavy like biscuits, sausage, and gravy or bananas foster pancakes for a weekday breakfast (maybe for brunch on a weekend in lieu of two meals) so I kept it pretty classic- egg and cheese sandwich on toast. The bread was borderline burnt, the eggs were medium (when I asked for easy/dippy) and there were two thick slices of what looked to be Kraft cheddar singles. The side of breakfast potatoes looked and tasted like the frozen oreida brand kind. Nothing impressive and not worth the 7 or so dollars I paid.
The OJ was fresh squeezed and delicious so that was a plus. Also, our waiter was extremely kind and friendly. Unfortunately, the food just really fell short for me. Ordering an egg and cheese sandwich is usually my "safe" order too...Maybe basic breakfast foods just aren't their thing? Either way,  I don't plan on coming back here.the renovation looks fun from the outside so my wife and I wanted to check it out.
We went on a whim for dinner on Saturday night. interior is great - like some mod café or automat, snazzy club - a modest stab at a starr concept. I hope roxborough can keep it shiny and new. 
the staff has a strong enthusiasm that comes off as charming, if not a little desperate. Food is OK. It's diner food. A little less grease than most diner food, but dressed up to look better quality and more adventurous than it actually is.
good portion sizes on the smaller side. not smallish as in too cheap, 
just smaller in that having to eat it all won't stress you out too much.
Greek Burger was ok but fell apart on the second or third bite. bun was thick and pretty bland. fries were a good cut though - little thicker than mcdonalds and a little less starchy than the wendy's cut. yukon chips were pretty good - the good ones were quite tasty. 
I doubt I'll get dinner again because I didn't like the look of the beef, but will probably give them a shot for breakfast fare. man, I feel like a snob. 
they have a huge screen in the back that really looks great - it was showing a hockey game.First time here for brunch & got the Po Boy with fries & it was really good.  My boyfriend got the London Broil & the sauces on each were awesome. The decor is cool, & the service is what made the fifth star for my review. Our server was a super kind Brazilian guy who really was above & beyond!I soooo wanted to love this place. Is it an urban legend that fancy cooks have to cook a perfect egg to get into a 5 star kitchen? Dude here is obviously still practicing. I tried three times, and just officially decided Never Again. Ask for over easy, always over done. Hash browns are mush, and don't get excited if they ask if you want peppers and onions. I got really excited... until big hunks of pepper and onion, barely warm, let alone cooked, showed up on my plate. Last time I literally walked my plate to my server and said this is awful and I'm not paying for it. It's been months. I tried again, and this time I'm a little more composed. And by composed I mean I'm passively aggressively yelping my complaint so that I don't embarrass my husband in public. Oh, btw, $9 for a two egg breakfast plate. Jerks.It's a great place to come if you're looking for a place that doesn't get too crowded. You can tell that a lot of locals come here. They have great food. The service is great. This is one of my go-to places when I'm in the area and want a quick breakfast. I definitely recommend you check Taylor's out!A great weekend spot for brunch to go to in order to avoid crowds! The restaurant has both indoor and outdoor seating so you can enjoy the spring summer weather while it lasts. The menu didn't have anything that stood out in particular but it has a great amount of options that will suite anyone's cravings. The best part about this place: The service. Our server was attentive, polite and there was never a moment we didn't have what we needed. Cheers!I haven't been to this diner since before the renovation and I thought I'd never be back but it has made a complete turnaround. The interior is light, spacious, modern and they provide free wifi. There is even an outdoor patio out back that you wouldn't know about. The food is fantastic. Everything is fresh and well prepared. I had a cheese omelet with fresh veggies and a side of fresh fruit and it was very good--i will definitely be back to try more. Their selections range from benedict salmon to le bus challah french toast to a bowl of grits. Everything they comes out looks great.  I personally prefer this diner to Bob's and Daiva's.I hadn't been here in about 5 years so I was in for a nice surprise when a friend and I stopped in for lunch recently. First, gone was the claustrophobic feel of the old place. Open, clean and as someone else pointed out, also Ikean in nature, it felt oddly welcoming somehow. Our server was a handsome young man with a dazzling smile who instantly made us feel at home. Our food was served promptly, and was generous in portion as well as quite tasty. 
As a diabetic, there are many items I can't eat. The egg and turkey bacon sandwich I enjoyed made it worth stopping in!  My friend had a Reuben sandwich that she said was also very good. We stopped in again two weeks later, and once again were happy with our results. I would recommend this to my friends, who are very particular about their food.Solid breakfast choice for this area. Close to empty on a Monday morning, so my service was great and food came out quickly. Was also able to take advantage of the "early bird special" - one dollar bottomless coffee before 10am.
I made my own omelet - sausage, onions, and cheese. It was good. Came with hash browns and toast. They were good too. None of it was special or outstanding, which is why I'm giving a four star review. I would go back, but wouldn't go out of my way to do so.I got the Benedict salmon and it came out just as I wanted. The salmon salad was also amazing - get it with the wine vinaigrette dressing!I just went to Taylor's Cafe with my family and the food was amazing!!! I recommend everyone go!!Found our new favorite breakfast joint, 4 minutes away from us, computer/work friendly, clean, great customer service, clean, great food, great price. Thank you to our server for the coloring page and crayons!Banana Boat with a side of beef bacon GRADE A+++. Staff is cool, the place looks nice, plenty of table space & seating space. You must order the BANANA BOAT!!!My family and I love going to breakfast on the weekends. We tried this place a few times but after the last visit I will not be returning. I ordered the morning burger but when I received it the egg was not on it. I was told that the egg was extra and I would have to pay for it. I was confused because I had ordered it before and it was never a problem. The waiter took it to have the egg put on it. When I got it back the burger and egg were so overdone but was afraid to send it back. 
I can deal with a mistake but when everyone at the table received the wrong food I was kinda shocked. My dad ordered Huevos rancheros there was no salsa. We just asked for a cup of salsa and got hot sauce. We spoke to someone else and they looked at us like we had no idea what salsa was. If you don't understand what salsa is they you should not work in a restaurant. Would not recommend and would never go back.Had the lox and bagel plate. Everything was fresh and beautifully presented. Back of the restaurant is bright and open with a patio when the weather permits.Came here during a weekday for breakfast. Staff was very friendly and welcoming. The restaurant is stylish, trendy, and clean. Even the bathroom was clean. The back patio area is nice too. The kitchen is open too which is nice. I got the blueberry pancakes. The pancakes were good just wish the blueberries were larger. They were pretty small and on the website they are a lot larger. They have La Colombe coffee which I love. Just wish they offered soy or fat free milk so I could get a latte. But I had to settle on half & half for my coffee. I will come back next time for lunch to see how that is. Overall a good place to get a bite to eat and it's BYOB.Checked out this place on a Saturday morning. I ordered a build your own omelet and my partner got a breakfast burrito and a waffle biscuit with chipped beef. Everything was delicious, our server was wonderful, and the place was beautifully decorated and clean. Definitely will be back in the future and suggest everybody try it!After heavy renovation the "new" Taylor's Café lends credence to a growing mix of restaurants on Ridge Avenue in Roxborough. A cold afternoon warranted lunch from their Hot Sandwich menu, a chicken breast sandwich extra spicy.  When my order arrived, I literally was hit with the steam from the freshly crisped homemade potato chips that were included. The chef went as far as putting hot peppers in my salsa dip on account of my spicy request. Overall, the food was very good, the waiter was friendly, attentive and competent. I'm looking forward to going back  for their new dinner menu.Wow, what a fantastic find. This was the first time my husband and I visited this place and we will definitely be back. It's modern, trendy, clean, and the service is fantastic. Not to mention they offer a lot of items on their menu and our breakfast was delicious. Yamalia was our server and she was so sweet! Very attentive, and very service oriented. She checked on us often, always got what we needed promptly, and she even offered us a take-home container for our coffee WHICH she topped off before we left. 5 stars. Definitely come check this place out. I feel like any place that moves you to write a review is worth visiting, especially with how apathetic people can be nowadays.The food is great and John our server was very courteous.  The owner stopped by to ask us how our meal was; we will be back.  
My wife had he Bleu Burger I had the Chicken Breast Panini.  Both greatOverall good was very tasty! I had the salmon scrambled eggs, very good! FYI it's BYOBI came here a lot when they first opened. Great place for brunch outside when you're hungover lmao Nice waitresses too. Never had a problem. Good prices for the amt of food you get. Can't wait for another season at Taylor's :) Unfortunately I just dont do as much eating and drinking during the cold months!What a great place ! Beautiful. Clean. And owner walks around and is very sweet. I had the banana boat which of course was amazingness! My boyfriend had the grand slam, which you can't go wrong with. Great prices...surprised they aren't more expensive but I'm not complaining! 
Sat in outdoor seating, very nice ! Except the little fly who hung around our food. But I definitely will be back to try more.I never visited Taylor's before the recent overhaul, but I can say that the new place is amazing!  Food is great!  The staff is super-friendly and helpful with suggestions.this is our go to weekend brunch spot.  french toast with bananas is great.  wife always gets the huevos rancheros.  place is clean and has a stylish modern casual decor.  open air kitchen.  staff is attentive and earnestExcellent. I was going to take a picture of my breakfast but I ate it all!    Nicest breakfast place in Roxborough and  even Manyunk.     Reasonable prices, clean, good food and good service.      If you like good coffee this is the place for you and bottomless cup for $1.Ignore Dawn.
This place is great. The food was amazing, the menu was very modern. Out server was excellent. I agree the staff has strong enthusiasm which did seem like they were really trying to win you over desperately, but I think they're genuinely excited for their new look. The decor is beautiful and the projector that comes out of the patio deck to play the game on the outdoor wall is brilliant.
This place is still priced right for the blue collar residents that Dawn is talking about. But Dawn, just because you are blue collar (as am I) doesn't mean you have to settle for sitting in a place that looks like a blue collar dive. 
Taylor's has revamped their look, attitude and menu keeping the same neighborhood prices. I think it's a brilliant step in the right direction and a change of pace that the neighborhood needed. Hopefully more places in Roxborough can follow suit so that Ridge can liven up from its run down looks.Ive lived in the neighborhood for years until recently and my boyfriend suggested this place. I was very surprised and happy with what we had. The service was great, food was great, we had the double burrito and breakfast sandwhich on a bagel. It was tasty! We will definately be back! Also their coffee is very strong, just a warning. Its great coffee though, just strong!I recommend Taylor's as a go-to breakfast spot for anyone living in the area. The food is good and the prices are reasonable. This old dust hole recently received a much needed face-lift. I have to say that I like the new look of the place. When I say face-lift, I mean complete overhaul. The inside is brand new from top to bottom. The old, beat up tables and seats are outta here. Taylor's now has a nice outdoor seating area available in the back. 
Hopefully Taylor's renovation along with the Foodery and Cornerstone Inn are a sign of things to come in this part of Roxborough. You see some bona fide Ridge Rats on this stretch of the Ave. I think anyone who cares about their neighborhood can appreciate the upgrade.We tried this place on the last Friday (Nov. 4, 2013).  First of all, I like the interior very much.  It was very modern, clean and opened up.  I think the dining area was kinda divided into three sections, each with different style.   We ordered grilled chicken with avocado sauce and ribeye steak, and we liked it.  The root beer based sauce was a little sweeter than my taste, but gorgonzola cheese made it up for me.  The place seemed a bit over-staffed, but I liked it because the server was really attentive.  We shared apple crunch cake for a dessert which was pretty good with a cup of espresso (I liked coffee better than the cake.)  I will try this place again for a brunch, and will try freshly squeezed orange juice (they have a cool-looking juice maker).Yes, Please ignore Dawn. Any business owner with half a brain would agree that attracting not only your blue collar demographic paired with your local college crowd is intelligent and optimal.  That's how businesses make money and eliminate unwanted patrons.  I am also blue collar,  work hard for my money, and I want to spend it and enjoy it in a great place, instead of the mess that Taylor's used to be i.e. 
Bums and drunkards loitering and drooling on the tables mixed with Dawn and her angry friends that are somehow content with mediocrity.  Anyway,   Very Nice Upgrade from the old Taylor's.  I wish I knew about the renovations sooner so I didn't have to walk to Bobs and wait in line, Plenty of seating here. 
PROs: Friendly Waitstaff, Fresh Squeezed OJ,  Sustainable food, Local Eggs (yes you can tell the difference if you aren't a goat) La Colombe Coffee, Le Bus Breads, Sweet Streets Desserts, BYO Beer, Wine, or Champagne for Mimosas, A Real Barista,  Excellent Food, Simple Menu, Outdoor Seating and lots of other extras.
CONs: Warm not HOT food, need better advertising, local business coupon deals, (Foodery, Wine stores, Planet Fitness etc.) 
Recommendations: 
Expo to coordinate chefs.  Food runners need to be on standby near the food pass to run food as quickly as possible. Warmer plates, Heat lamps if necessary but they dry out and overcook food if it sits. Serve it as it comes and have the cooks time things better and quicker in groups.  ( That's easy for him to say right?) Wrong, I have worked 15 years in Fine Dining and High volume foodservice....1000+ persons daily from scratch.  Pick up the pace boys and snag the 5th star, this place is almost there.    
The new Manager knows what he is doing and sources the best equipment, decor,  and food possible, I hope to see business spike in the spring/summer and open for dinner.  This is true competition for Manayunk Diners, and should help raise the bar for the other  Roxborough  dumps that harbor slobs and bums that are too lazy to work. This would be a great late dinner or small plates spot at night, maybe a hangout with Bar Snacks and music, card games,  when the weather is nicer.Went here the other day for breakfast, it was great!  SO much better than Bob's, which is right down the street.  Our server was awesome and was very helpful with everything.  The food was served quickly and tasted delicious!  The portions aren't huge, but it was delectable.  The renovations have really done great things for this place! I can't wait for the warm weather to enjoy their outdoor seating area!  Remember that it's a BYO!The old Taylor Cafe was horrible , Dirty, dingy, with so so food and literally the worst service in the area. None the less I used to eat there. Nostalgia I guess. So I try the new incarnation and it's a unique transformation. Now it's just the opposite. Clean, sparkling, the food is good but it has an ugh hipster vibe and it's expensive. The food is ok. I guess I might like it more if they changed the name. They should have let the old Taylor's die of natural causes. RIP Taylor's, Long live Taylor's!Taylor's has La Colombe coffee. And creamer in a pour container. They get 5 stars for speed and quality of the coffee. I usually get the green egg which is amazing. Today I got the spring sandwich. Not real good. It's on panini bread with fake grill marks. Stick with breakfast and you won't be disappointed.My husband & I ordered crabcake eggs benedict and steak & eggs. We asked for medium well steak, as he cut into the steak it was well done and raw in some spots, my poached egg was half cooked, crabcake was gray and smelled funky. We told the waiter, he told the owner and the waiter came back offered to cook the steak well done, we asked for the owner, he came over, told us there was nothing he could do about the food and made us pay anyway. THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE! Its filthy and the asian owner has terrible customer service! Never Go Here Ever!I've stopped here for breakfast several times, have never been disappointed. Staff is very friendly, although counter staff could be a bit more attentive. They haven't quite got the diner style "coffee, honey?" question out before you even sit down at the counter. Okay, this isn't really a diner, I guess? But after that, it was pretty smooth sailing. When the food arrives, which is promptly, there shouldn't be any complaints. The menu has an extensive selection of breakfast items. Most recently, I tried the tofu omelette with egg whites, which was filing without being so heavy/greasy as omelettes can be. Will be back.My family and I recently moved to the area and stopped in to Taylor's for a quick breakfast.  Everything we ordered came out exactly as we ordered it.  The homefries are seasoned nicely. Our server interacted with our toddler---which always makes a meal easier, with a picky 4 year old.   All in all, Taylor's was a good breakfast and reasonable prices.  We will most certainly will be back.This is my favorite spot in Roxborough! I have lived here for 5 years and only started coming here a few months ago. It's a perfect spot for brunch. They have the best chocolate pancakes and they are always cooked perfectly; a little crisp on the outside and wonderfully fluffy on the inside. I've had all of the servers and they're all incredibly nice. I think the prices are fair and there's a wide selection of food without being too overwhelming. The cafe has the local diner feel with a modern twist.Came here for breakfast. The food took close to 30 mins to come out and there was no more than 5 tables and 4 people at the bar.
The service was so bad. I don't know what was wrong with that guy but he was either high as a kite or hungover. 
I won't be back hereI dont like brunch so much but i had the most delicious burger today. A breakfast burger w egg too. The home fries werent what i thought they would be amd thats not saying they were bad i just like em a little crispy, and frankly i might've forgotten to ask how inwanted them. All in all pretty good. If my girls happy then i amI ordered takeout for breakfast and it was phenomenal.  I got two sausage-egg-cheese bagels with home-fries and pancakes. The food had so much flavor that sat on my tastebuds for hours later after I was done eating. Staff was friendly. I can't wait to eat in house.great diner food! Best breakfast place in the areaFood was great. Service was friendly and patient with my wife when she asked 15 questions and then tracked down the waiter and changed her order after he walked away :) the chipped beef was good and the tuna melt was fantastic. The fries were definitely worth coming back for.Perfect old-time diner decor and service with classic favorites mixed with creative modern menu items. La Colombe coffee and Le Bus breads were icing on the cake, although the cinnamon crumb muffin was disappointingly lacking in that cinnamon "zing" I love. Well def go back thThe atmosphere is great, service was excellent, food was delicious. Not your average brunch/lunch spot on ridge. Worth a visit! If you want a beer stop next door at the foodery or bring your own!Great food, solid pricing, and more space than expected. I'm a regular at their brunch and I like their wifi option if I wanted to stay and do some work after eating. Staff is always friendly but sometimes it gets slow in high traffic times. Overall, great place!Delicious eggs Benedict - super friendly staff! Will be back for more breakfast or brunch or lunch! Who knows?! I'd love to try their burgers too!Oh Taylors, I feel pained to write this but am doing so in hopes that it is taken constructively so that improvements can be made. I have been in the industry for 8 years. We have been patrons for years and thus have seen transformations firsthand in this establishment. 
The renovations and first experiences thereafter seemed promising. The menu seemed creative, the ambiance improved, and understandably a price increase was seen as well.
Months later, it's great to see that weekends bring customers but the wait staff and kitchen needs to be able to keep up with the rush if everyone wishes to remain employed. Overall, the wait staff seemed overwhelmed and even unknowledgable. Each time we come, the portions have gotten incredibly smaller to the degree that its comical. But really, its not. Not to mention, the past 2 times the food has arrived cold. So: cold food with exponentially smaller portions & slow service coupled with higher prices meet requirements to drive customers away. 
I would like to note that some of the staff did impress me. The gentleman with the thick-framed black glasses should be paid to be manager. He got drinks for his table together very quickly and had time to help other staff members AND ran to the basement to get more oranges. He is the reason why I haven't totally lost hope in your establishment and the reason this review has 2 stars and not 1. I saw a few other emabarassing occurences but will not go into detail. The staff needs to be educated on the operating system communicating to the kitchen and needs to be more conscious of allergy concerns ie. LATEX usage & food handling. 
Taylor's lacks proactive managers both in back and front of house. If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen.Good Vibes.
Friendly competent services.
Omelet and Tater Totes very satisfying .
Well lit.
Clean.
Good Vibes.Completely unassuming from the outside, I (like others) was delightfully surprised when I walked inside and found a large, bright and updated cafe.  Taylor's Cafe is a great find for breakfast / brunch / lunch (they close around 3:30pm daily).  I have visited twice since discovering the spot in May - usually choosing an omelette with several vegetable ingredients - served with potatoes and toast.  After my first visit, I couldn't wait to visit for another Americano with steamed half & half which they prepare as well as they do in Europe!  Plus, it's made with La Colombe coffee (of Philadelphia). On my first visit (a weekend), it was quite busy and I dined in the nice sunlit patio in back.  Service is friendly and polite.  Aside from many tables, you can also sit at the counter up front (think back to the 50's breakfast cafe, but with modern chairs).  Definitely give this spot a try and help support local business in the neighborhood!