i got hibachi here to go and they forgot my fried rice, the steak was so chewy and the yum yum sauce was suspiciously bright pink. not happy...In sum, tasty Japanese food and great bubble tea, but a bit on the pricey side. I came here for lunch with a colleague. The interior is really nice. It has a light, very uplifting atmosphere, which is what many of us need on a lunch break. The front counter has a poke menu, a ramen menu and an Hibachi menu. There is also an extensive bubble tea list. I went with the green tea milk bubble tea and the steak hibachi with rice. The steak meal came with a salad. The meal came out in about 10 minutes. The steak was hot and very tasty. The rice was pretty good too. The salad was fresh and, you know, a salad. The dressing was OK. My colleague got the chicken and rice, and he liked it. The bubble tea was definitely the star. Really tasty and a generous amount of tapioca balls. I would definitely return, especially for the milk tea. The lunch prices were a bit pricey, so it would have to be on a splurge lunch day, but I'll be back! There is much more to try!Just awful. The inside decor is extremely unpleasant and unwelcoming. I ordered a custom ramen: udon noodles in a miso broth with chicken, ajitama (boiled soy egg,) menma (bamboo shoots,) nori (seaweed), corn and tofu. Plus two cans of diet coke (at $1.50 each!) for a total with tax of $15.58.
It was the most flavorless food I've ever eaten, excepting the egg which tasted strongly of soy. The noodles were not cooked properly at *all*. The chicken was flavorless and rubbery. There was hardly any corn in the actual dish, it was more of a visual flair than a flavor/food item. The tofu was okay, but the nori was thrown in in giant square sheets! There was no way to really enjoy it with anything else, you just had to eat it by itself. The miso broth tasted too salty, and worst of all was the presentation - it looked like a bowl of toilet water (see my uploaded photo.)
For $12 I could've gotten a superior dish elsewhere.Pretty great food and boba tea, but SERIOUSLY need to work on wait times. I've been here a few times now as I work in the area and it has always been a 10 minute wait for my tea at least, when it's not even very busy. This time I ritual ordered a basic black milk bubble tea, and 15 minutes later I still don't have my tea. It's very consistently like this, and I just hope for improvement :(
Shows a lot of potentialHighly recommended 
I came to this restaurant after shopping, it was nice place to hang out with friend after long shopping. I've order hibachi beef and the peach milk tea. Food came out fast and hot and surprisingly fill me up. I really love their bubble tea and the tea cup looks super cute. 
I will be back to try the ramens!!!!!!!i love the ramen there the soup base was delicious the poke have so much selection love it the workers was so nice and helpful I hope they can do delivery as soon as possibleGreat new addition to the fast casual food scene in Center City. This is a mini food hall, featuring a small version of the PokeMan restaurant you'll find in University City, as well as another section where you can order things like hibachi and bento boxes. Although I love poke, I'm a bit surprised with how saturated that area now is with poke joints, this being the fifth in a several block radius, but hey, I guess you have options!
For my meal, I opted for the chicken teriyaki bento box and was quite pleased. The box came with the salmon over some onion and carrots, a salad, a miso soup, and some rice. It was tasty and extremely filling, all for about twelve bucks. 
My husband got the steak hibachi, and I tried a piece and found it well seasoned and quite delicious. 
I would definitely visit again!The best bubble tea place to go. Love the poke bowl so much,  eat it for my every lunch. The environment is great and the staffs are nice and helpful. Always feel welcome here, will recommend to more people to go!Awful. I have never had worse ramen. Utterly tasteless. Instant noodles are more flavorful.  Go to Nom Nom a block away.My deliver driver, who was tipped in advance, refused to deliver to my apartment. Initially he claimed there wasn't parking; I confirmed there was free available parking. 
Then he told me, "I'm not coming up to your apartment, what if I get robbed! You need to come downstairs and outside to meet me". I live in Rittenhouse Square in a high rise building with fobbed access only elevators. I assured him, he will not be robbed. I reassured him it is safe and will take him 5 minutes, I also told him repeatedly that I was physically unable to come downstairs. He replied (hostilely), "I'm not coming up there and you can't make me, I'm calling grub hub right now". 
Grub hub told me they can't make him come up to my door, despite the high-rise apartment building name and apartment number (stating 26th floor)  being listed in the delivery instructions. I had to call a neighbor and beg them to go down to retrieve my food for me. Not only embarrassing, it's completely unnecessary. This is DELIVERY, if you are not comfortable DELIVERING, pick a new job. 
The food was decent. There a lot of poke places in my neighborhood though- that are more than happy to deliver to me personally. I will not be ordering delivery from here again.This place is very OK. I got the signature ramen which surprisingly comes with three different types of meats- shrimp, chicken, and pork which I thought was interesting. Unfortunately, the shrimp flavor really overtook the rest of the dish which I may have overlooked since i shouldn't have ordered this particular dish then. But I couldn't overlook the fact that all 3 meats were over cooked and not very flavorful like typical ramen is. I struggled to finish most of it. Price is average for a ramen joint but there are definitely better places in the area for what you get. 
I've also tried the bubble teas which I don't think are worth the $6 for most price tag. I ordered some sort of mixed fruit tea which was pretty good, but I didn't enjoy the fruit seeds I kept sucking through the straw. They should consider removing the seeds before it's a choking hazard for someone.Place is cute and near work so wanted to try it. Was curious of the fried chicken sandwich. I am surprised with the generous amount of chicken. It included two large pieces. I have to say it's delicious and flavorful.  The meal included a can of soda and fries for $10.55 which for center city it's not bad. For the sandwich There's three options for spices but i went with the mild. I do want to try again for poke and Ramen.  Will be back! My only gripe is the teas are only $1 off with the meal.My son and I enjoyed our first meals here. I enjoyed my first poke bowl and he ordered Habachi shrimp and passion fruit tea. The food was fresh and delicious and the atmosphere was airy and relaxed. We'll definitely go back and try different choices next time.Pretty great food and boba tea, but SERIOUSLY need to work on wait times. I've been here a few times now as I work in the area and it has always been a 10 minute wait for my tea at least, when it's not even very busy. This time I ritual ordered a basic black milk bubble tea, and 15 minutes later I still don't have my tea. It's very consistently like this, and I just hope for improvement :(
Shows a lot of poten
Update: ticket times have been much better for me, 5 startsFirst the interior looks great. But as soon as I walked in I thought: 'what's the point of all these good looking interiors, if things are dirty?'
The tables seemed like they didn't get wiped often (some were sticky), and a lot of employee working there is just sitting around in random tables hanging out. 
The food is pretty bad. I got discounted ramen for around $5, and that ramen should be sold for $5. My friend got a 'bento box' - no kidding when I say they have no idea what a bento box is. Small, cheap pieces of shrimp sprinkled with teriyaki sauce with rice, salty miso soup, and big salad in black plastic box, all for $11-12.  I don't think we ate even half of it. Tasted like someone is just trying to dish out cheap food without care for quality.
Frankly, I don't know what to say, the bento box is really bad. Ramen is OK. Interiors are good, but seems like the shop needs to be cleaned more.How wonderful!!amazing！
jasmine green bubble tea is the best one i've ever had!And i got secret spicy fried chk meal. That was teste sooo good! 5 stars is not kidding. 
Btw,service is very good. The staff r very kind to me. I will back.Beautiful lighting and atmosphere! Super christmasy. 
Their poké bowls are a delight! The ramen is flavorful and the wheat noodles are the perfect.Have a feeling this place won't last long. I got a tuna poke bowl. The tuna was not good and some of my rice was not cooked. Will not be coming back here.Great Restaurant with variety of food, poke, hibachi, ramen, bento box and bubble tea!!  love their ramen noodle and bubble tea, definitely come back to try some other stuff on the menuPretty decent pick if you are looking for fast casual. The bubble tea is not better than Tea-Do or Kung Fu but it's good in a crunch (aka when your stuck in center city) and the takoyaku ain't half bad either.The only Asian food hall in rittenhouse as of review date, which means the only place where you'll find decent bubble tea so far. They also sell poke and ramen. I tried all 3 and the bubble tea from TsaoCaa was the only good option.
The ramen tasted okay. The broth was okay but not the best, and the ramen toppings were on the smaller side (you get thinner slices of meat for example). The noodles have some bite and aren't bad. The biggest weakness was that it's served not very warm and cools down quickly. Chinatown has better options for ramen (better tasting and bigger portion) for a slightly higher price, but it's among the cheapest options in rittenhouse. The wait for ramen is about 5 minutes. Just don't get it to go as it becomes lukewarm unless you live a block away and it loses its appeal.
Their poke shop is decent. You get quite a good selection of toppings and it tastes fine. Not the best fish I've had and the portions are regular sized, but the amount and variety of toppings and sauces make up for it. Nothing super special though compared to what feels like a dozen poke places in rittenhouse.
The atmosphere is nice, clean, and spacious. The convenience of having all of these options in rittenhouse is what makes this place good IMO, along with the bubble tea.Food is a 3.5 star, ambience 4.5 star, therefore average 4 star.
Their signature ramen comes with three kinds of meat - shrimp, pork, and chicken. Shrimp and pork are not bad. The noodle is decent. The broth is not bad. There is nothing particularly horrible, just not tasty enough that I'd go out of my way to revisit or recommend to others.
Ambience is great. Clean, modern, ample seating including the second floor. Music is loud but that might suit some people. 
All in all, a welcome addition to Rittenhouse Square, even thkigh there are (many) better ramen places out there.Some bubble tea spots sells "green tea" but named it matcha, they ARE different. I came here with friends,  so many options was really hard for me to pick, all sounds really good to me. Since it was the first time been there, just to be safe I ordered "Uji Matcha" with milk cheese foam(I'm a matcha lover). I only had average expectations of their matcha just like any other places, but it turned out to be tasted really smooth and creamy. I will return here to try out other specialty drinks on their menu. Also five stars for their cute and elegant decors!!I got the poke and the food is average and basically the same as every other poke shop in town. It's fine to stop in if you are really craving it but there are other spots literally a block away that could do it better. 
Staff is very unhelpful and the person who built my bowl assumed I understood how Poke is assembled and looked at me like I should know what toppings are what, even though nothing is labeled. It was a painful experience and she made it take much longer than it should have. One of the screens displaying the options to build the bowl was not functioning. Prices were not listed. 
This place has some growing to do and some staff training to improve upon.I went there for the second time today and tried their poke, which was not good. I think the hot food is decent (had miso ramen the prior visit, which was good but overpriced).
Prices are too high for the quality, and they expect a tip even though you order at a counter and have to go pick the food up from the counter even when dining in.Delicious food and drinks. Love their poke bowl and their mashed taro bubble tea. Everything they make is fresh to order so it does take quite some time, because of quality. I've been looking for taro bubble tea and this is close to what I was looking for. All the other bubble tea places in the area are either made with powder or just original milk tea bubble tea. I will definitely go again maybe once a week to treat myself.This is a build your own Asian meal you can think of: poke, ramen, and stir fry. They have bento box too.
Poke bowl: salad based with salmon, octopus, and king crab. The bowl is small compared to poke spot. Everything is fresh. You can pick 4 mixed in, 4 toppings, 4 crunchies. 
Takoyaki is good and not greasy.
Nice and clean store with more seating upstairs.My friends and I did the "build you own bowl" type thing. Loved the shout with beef, bok Choi, Shittake and bean sprouts. The broth was amazing. Cute atmosphere and nice employees. I've had ramen in Pittsburgh where I a from but this one was much better :) would recommend :) I also got the ruby black tea after the employee recommended it to me. LOVED it.Okay, so I'm Asian, born in Vietnam, I eat like a savage and I'm a food snob.  So hopefully my review holds some weight for this place.
I've eaten here 3x so far and have had very good experiences.  
Ordering food is easy.  You can make your own poke or ramen or whatever and just circle your ingredients (idiot proof and feeds my OCD).
Food is reasonable, comes out quickly and the food is very good.  I haven't found anything weird or dirty in my food and the ingredients are fresh and yummy.  So don't be scared of the "food hall" in the name.  It's clean, bright and efficient.  And it satisfies my noodle craving fits (my boyfriend is very grateful for this).  So go eat and support my people!The place seems very modern and clean which is not the usual for Asian food joints. A nice departure. 
We ordered a peach milk tea which came out first. It was terrible. The tea was very bland and lacked any sort of sweetness or peach flavor. The bubbles were also absolutely flavorless. Maybe we just picked a bad flavor. I award the milk tea one star. 
The food was decent! We ordered the chicken katsu and the house special ramen. Both were pretty solid, especially for being a fast casual place. The food was brought out to our table which was a nice gesture. I could not stop drinking the ramen broth even on a hot May Day! So good! I give the food 4.25 stars. Portions could be a bit bigger but for the price I think it is fair.
Overall 3.5 stars. Skip the peach milk tea for an enhanced experience.I ordered the signature ramen and I was sadly disappointed, the broth tasted really oily and bland I couldn't finish it.I really love the bubble tea here, when I can get it. Half the time there is no tapioca ready (time of opening, lunch time, mid afternoon, doesn't matter) and despite a huge sign saying open 8am for breakfast, the lights are off and they are very closed (it's 10:45am.) supposedly open at 10:30, or 8am I guess...too bad that every time I make the walk it's a good chance of leaving with nothing!This place is great! Stopped in for the first time today to try their hibachi meals and boy am I glad I did! The price is right, you get plenty of good quality food, and the staff is very nice. Highly recommend!Great healthy food available here for reasonable prices. The hibachi style includes a lot of healthy green vegetables including broccoli! The portions could probably get two and include a side salad. The greens in the salad are fresh tasting and include both iceberg and spinach. The ambiance is also very cool. The dining space is adorned with globe bulb chandeliers. It's also work noting that in addition to the free lime flavored water you can help yourself to, you can indulge in standard American sodas or some specialty Japanese varieties. I definitely recommend this restaurant!!So today I had my first Sushi Burrito. It was everything I've ever dreamed of rolled into one delicious 10" seaweed tortilla. You take a pencil and mark off what you want. I don't know that I could ever make it the same way again. 
A rose milk bubble tea. Not sure if that's what it was actually called but that is what I asked for. What I got was awesome. I'd go back just for that. Luckily when I checked in Yelp gave me a coupon! 
I see myself frequenting this spot.If you brought Ten people into this Hall Ten times, they could each order Ten totally different Asian Foods. I was expecting more of a food court, but this is just 1 stall that has 5 main things: bubble tea, ramen, poke, hibachi, and bento boxes OR if all else fails and Popeye's and Chick-Fil-A are out of chicken sandwiches- they even have a fried chicken sandwich! But the possibilities here are endless.
You can choose from 3 appetizers, 5 signature ramens, 10 signature poke bowls, 9 bento box options that come with miso soup and salad, OR build your own Ramen (3 choices of noodles, 6 types of broth, 5 types of protein, 4 out of 11 vegetables), OR build your own Hibachi (choose from 7 proteins, white, brown or fried rice, and 3 dipping sauces), OR build your own poke thing (choose from rice, burrito, salad or kale noodle, 14 proteins, and a whole bunch of veggies, sauces, toppings, and crunchy toppings). 
I bravely built my own bowl with kale noodles, spicy salmon, cucumbers, edamame, spiraled beets, seaweed, seaweed salad, cilantro, green onion, sesame seeds, wonton crisps, fried shallots, shredded nori, and fried tobiko. I loved the kale noodles as an option- hadn't seen that before! My poke noodle bowl was colorful, beautiful, filling, flavorful and spicy. 
To wash it all down and if you're not paralyzed by the sheer choice of it all- you can choose from fruit tea, fresh tea, milk bubble tea, pure tea and tscaocaa tea which each have a bunch of different flavors and toppings (customizeable by sugar level and ice level). They have cheese foam which I've always wanted to try! It was great with the mango fruit tea (kind of like if a mango lassi and a slushie made a beautiful mixed baby). It was also pretty big, so I saved half and drank it the next day.
The interior is very beautiful, with high ceilings and pretty lights and decorations ready for the gram, and upstairs seating. The wait was a bit long for food, so I wonder what the lunch rush is like.  I would definitely come back and try more things, especially since I noticed they're on the ritual app!Ten signature ramen tastes good, soup is nice. The noodles are medium firm and fit my taste. I recommend this noodle.I've passed by Ten Asian Food Hall occasionally during my trips to Philadelphia and finally decided to try it for dinner. The restaurant was fairly empty when I visited in the evening and there was no line and I received my order quickly as well. 
The atmosphere is very clean, with a sophisticated and sleek look and feel. There's modern chandelier lighting as well as white walls and chairs, providing a relaxing atmosphere, a nice touch for this fast casual Asian restaurant. 
I ordered the "Make Your Own Ramen," with the Straight Wheat Noodles, Vegetable Broth, Tofu, Mensa (Bamboo Shoot), Nori (Seaweed), Bok Choy, Shittake Mushroom, and Szechuan Spice ($1 extra) (around $12). 
I'm very picky with ramen and rarely order it outside of known restaurants that I enjoy, however the ramen here, while not exceptional was pretty good. The broth at first seemed to have a bit of an oily feel to it, but was quite tasty and packed a nice spicy kick that I was looking for. It was certainly a decently sized portion with a good amount of noodles. The tofu was fried with a light sauce glazed over, and tasty as well. 
I would certainly go back for a casual meal the next time I'm in town and craving Asian food! I also want to try their bubble tea, can't wait.Good place, awesome food.    Citrus Tea is a little bit steep in price, but it tastes wonderful.  I have been back twice.  I order the Teriyaki Shrimp, rice and vegetables.  Definitely will go back.So far I've only had ramen and bubble tea here but both are solid. I like both the milk tea options and the plain fruit tea. The medium size milk tea is also a decent value compared to other spots (and is about the amount of tea I want generally)
I had their classic ramen and it was pretty tasty and stretched for two lunches for me (with snacks clearly). It's a little slow in there so I'd maybe order via Ritual and pick up but otherwise a solid spot.Stopped in here on a whim and ordered 1 pork belly Bao (very good) and a teriyaki Tofu Bento (Just OK, fried, too many carbs).
Good but not amazing.Hear me out, it's 12am on a Wednesday night and you're starving, everything else in Philly is basically closed unless you want junk food like pizza or Philly cheesesteaks; but you've been eating junk lately and want a quality meal. This is when you go here to order a healthy, Japanese style meal! It's open till 2am and makes it so convenient! We got a chicken teriyaki bento box and were surprised with the tempura and veggies and pieces of sushi included, as well as a miso soup! I love miso! And we also got a steak hibachi meal that gave a nice serving of steak, delicious sauce, and healthy veggies and fried rice. Got a jasmine milk tea 30% sweetness and everything just hit the right spot! Exactly what I wanted after a long day at an amusement park and arriving home late without desire to eat any more junk food! Love it definitely coming back!Randomly stumbled upon this place and was not disappointed!! I got a sushi burrito and the bf got ramen. Fill out the paper on the counter to customize your sushi burrito and bring it to the cashier to order!I didn't know what to expect of this place but was looking forward to it opening. I finally stopped in today and was a bit thrown off by the setup of the store. It seemed like there was no clear line or method to order. We were guided to wait at one side of the counter for poke and everything else would be at the payment terminals. Once we figured that out, I placed an order for a poke bowl. There were plenty of options to choose from, more than some others in the area and to my delight, they had pineapple (though I wish it was fresh). The fish was fresh, and the toppings were good. I don't know what it was missing, but it didn't quite hit the 5 star mark for me. I will have to visit again and try some other things that they have. Looking forward to it!Ordered chicken tenders a few times from Juicy Crab Boil when I was desperate late at night and were disappointed by a few things:
1. Super flimsy fries. I had to put them in the oven for another 20 minutes for them to taste as good as they should have tasted fresh. 
2. Wings are BREADED even though they don't say anything, so if you have any gluten intolerances or allergies beware. Even Dominoes doesn't bread their wings.Very narrow but large space. The interior was bright white, clean. Lots of tables (had an upstairs and downstairs sitting area). There's free WiFi to do work at! 
The tsaocaa milk tea is as good as the UCity location. A pretty solid boba run. Like the UCity location there was a poke-man but in contrast,  they also had a noodle bar. My friend said the food was ok.I totally judged this place & almost didn't go in if it weren't for my daughter would've totally walked by. I'm SO HAPPY we ate there! It was like eating food in Hawaii! The poke bowl was great! The fish was fresh, tasty, NOT slimy& the chicken katsu was EXACTLY how it's supposed to tasteeven the sauce was perfect  yay! The miso soup was yummy too We're definitely going back maybe even tomorrowUnless you live nearby, you would've missed the sign outside of the establishment. I was really surprised that there weren't many reviews on the seafood boil so I had to write one! Considering the fact that it's from a food court-style restaurant, it was actually surprisingly pretty decent. I got it with the "crabby Cajun" spice and the "spicy" option. It wasn't that spicy but there is a "crabby secret spicy" sauce. Overall, appreciate the contact-free ordering from the kiosk machines in the front (note: there's only one machine) and decent seafood boil.Ten Asian Food Hall joins the rejuvenated section of 17th+Chestnut Street, in between Paris Baguette and Cava. Sweet deity have mercy, we are surrounded by food!
I was expecting a food hall like Chinatown Square, but it really consists of just two stores:
1) Poke Man: which does poke bowls, bento boxes, ramen, and hibachi meals.
2) TSAoCAA: which does tea, fruit tea, bubble tea, and some fancy teas.
There's a nice seating area on the main floor (and a slightly cramped seating area upstairs), and the wall decor is gorgeous and totally set up for The 'Gram.
They currently have Buy 1 Get 1 Free Poke Bowl or Tea/Fruit Tea/Milk Bubble Tea for about a week (note, must show you checking in to Instagram or Facebook to get the offer!) 
Spouse and I were getting thirsty from walking the pup/shopping, so jumped in on the BOGO offer to try the Peach Milk Oolong Tea and the Cloud-Mist Milk Green Tea. Both were quite refreshing - with the Peach being sweeter - and a good amount of tea and generous bubbles in a sturdy cup (ah, I forgot to take the cute heart plug things before we discarded the cups!).
Though it seems to be a chain (there's Ten Asian/PokeMan/Tsaocaa locations up and down the northeast and in University City), it's conveniently nested in a well-trafficked area in Rittenhouse. This may become a routine stop during our weekend walk with pup! :)I ordered a medium Rose Milk Tea with a customized Veggie Ramen my order came upto $16. I would come here for Milk Tea but not for the food. The Rose Milk Tea was exceptionally good but expensive given the quantity. I got the medium size and I do recommend getting the large! Limited veg options however would like to give this place another try! Recommend for the tea but not for the food if you're vegan or vegetarian! The place and decor is really cute and Insta perfect! :)I love asian food (and bao and boba! so i figured i would check this place out! They have a broad menu encompassing many casual asian foods. 
I came by on a non busy weekday afternoon for a snack, around 2 pm. 
Ordered a bao and was given a number. Waited 10 min. No food. 15 min later i asked and was told i wasn't called yet. 20 min later i went up and was told it wasn't ready.
I asked them to refund me since i ordered ONE item and 20 minutes later it wasn't ready. I asked if my order had beenn forgotten. They said no, it was fine. I asked why numbers after mine had been called and if it usually takes over 20 minutes to make one bao. (It was obvious to me that they forgot my order.) Without an apology, the cashier responded that it indeed takes over 20 minutes to make one bao.
This is supposed to be fast casual asian. It's not a restaurant but more an eatery. Apparently it takes 20+ min to make one food item  which makes no sense with their concept. Sadly never got to try their food. Will not be returning.The veggie ramen was extremely bland and hard to eat because of that. I actually couldn't finish it and left still hungry. The only things with any flavor at all were the egg (costs extra), which tasted like soy sauce, the nori, and the bok choy. The broth may as well have been straight up water. 
They serve their dine-in meals in to-go plastic containers and all utensils are disposable.Let's talk about poké! I love poké and if you're anybody who is somebody, you also have a huge section of your heart devoted for the love of poké. Since this was my first time ordering from Ten Asian Food Hall, I had to try it, and I'm so happy that I did! 
Since the pandemic started I've only ordered in 3 times. So if I'm going to be ordering, I want to have really good food. Ten Asian is really good food. Not only that, it is very filling. I got the Deluxe Poké bowl, which is an extra large poké bowl, but still I'm always going to assume that the serving size is not going to fill me. I was so wrong! Not only is there a lot of rice, this place is heavy handed with their raw fish and toppings. 
This place also serves ramen, sushi burritos, dumplings, seafood boils, fruit teas, milk teas, bento boxes and a ton of sushi rolls. I cannot wait to order from here again and try it all!*DRINK WOULD RECOMMEND*
*FOOD IS MEDIOCRE*
I stumbled upon this place while searching for Asian restaurants to eat in Philly. Tscaocaa is a pretty popular bubble tea brand that i have never tried before so I thought it would be a nice place to stop by and get a drink and food. The place itself is set up like a cafe, and it look really nice. They offer poke bowls and ramen, bentos, etc. in addition to drinks. I've never heard much as their food so I just decided to get a poke bowl. I made my own bowl and they do have a good amount of mix ins and toppings. But overall portion of the bowl is a bit disappointing. I ordered spicy salmon and it was literally just cubes of salmon covered in spicy mayonnaise. The freshness is okay. The taste is okay. Probably would not get again. 
As for the drink, I got peach oolong and it was pretty good. Not too sweet and pretty light. 
*VERDICT* 
I would go back for the drink, not the food.Awesome bubble tea and poke bowl!!! I'll definitely come back here again. The poke bowl was reasonably priced and you get so much for your money.I've been customer since before pandemic. I've always known it's slow but it is ridiculously and unnecessarily slow today. 
I placed order (2 drinks and 1 poke) on a self kiosk by 5:17, which is just right after the store opened for the day, the kiosk said the food will be ready in 10 min, I waited there and got the ready to pick up text by 5:27, obviously the food wasn't ready. 
The drink came out few min later and assume that this was all for my order and I reminded them I still have a poke, the assistance said they are heating up my brown rice (which they should've had them prepared before store opened, if not, they could've just let me know in the first place and ask if any alternative is alright because I would be fine with white rice)
I waited until 5:37 and another assistance came and ask for my order number and  did the same thing assume that it's only the drink that I got when I told her the number( which is ridiculous too because why would I stay there??)
Anyway, I finally got all my food on 5:47. And as a retail worker which break is only 1 hr and have to clock back in on 6, 30 min wait time is DEFINITELY TOO LONG for just 1 poke and 2 drinks ( and I was #6 in queue the store was not even busy)!! Doesn't even need to cook anything!!!  I only have 10 min to eat when there are a lot more ways to avoid this situation to happen!
Please re-arrange your management and service SOP, the employee could definitely be trained for better situation solving and better work efficiency.Stopped by here the other night while on vacation in Philly. Great late night spot with healthier options than your typical greasy pizza and fries. 
We ordered the California rolls - sooo delicious, cold, and fresh!
We also ordered the app wings (plain) - nice and crispy! Followed by the gyoza - big hit for the kiddo, devoured every last one lol!
You also get a coupon for future use when you check in with Yelp!!
Food was great, nice ambiance inside. It was late so we had to take it to-go. Definitely try this spot out!This place is ridiculous. They used to be open starting at lunch time and allowed people to eat in the restaurant. Now they open at 5pm and refuse to allow people to eat in the place. That Hibachi steak meal is going to be real tasty by the time I get back to my home in South Jersey after taking the PATCO high speed line. I understand you want to be cautious but Cava is open next door for indoor seating as is Paris Baquette, even DIG down the street which was one of the last to allow indoor seating now allows people to eat inside. There is enough space in Ten to allow spaced out seating in the upstairs and downstairs area.I had the opposite experience to Kyle C. I had a vegetable ramen and peach oolong milk tea. I enjoyed the tea very much - it wasn't too sweet and the tea favors and hints of peach were lovely. The bubbles were slightly sweet and the texture perfect. However, my ramen was lackluster. The noodles were fine- but the broth was watery and lacking in favor or spice. I had a couple bites and was onto deciding where to have a "second dinner." The edamame side dish was fine - could have enjoyed more salt.Today is the first time I've tried this place. I got the chicken sandwich which was dark meat but was ok. 10min after eating I started having cramps and an upset stomach and it didn't get better an hour later now. I'm not sure why, probably because their kitchen isn't so clean or they leave the chicken out for so long until it goes bad. Either way I won't be going back. Save yourself a stomach ache and eat somewhere else.My boyfriend and I have been craving ramen for the longest time and we decided to stop by after doing some shopping. We went at around 11 AM and we were the only ones there. 
We both did the build your own ramen for $10.95 (choose your noodles, broth, protein and 4 ingredients). I got the wavy noodles, tonkotsu broth, chashu protein, two eggs, bok choy, and scallions. I would definitely recommend the chashu protein & to get two eggs since they're perfectly seasoned. At the counter with the napkins and utensils, there was this spice that we both added to out broth just for a little kick. Super delicious and satisfied my cravings. 
They also have different teas and we got the cold strawberry green tea but with strawberry boba, for about $6. It was sweet and tasted like strawberry but not to the point where it tasted too artificially or too sugary.
The decor and layout of the place are so aesthetically pleasing. The place looks bight and clean, perfect for all those amazing instagram posts. We didn't get a chance to go upstairs because the lights were off.I've been to a couple "Ten" Food Halls before and it's always fun to see the differences in them. I ordered signature​ ramen. What I really liked was that you could choose what kind of noodles you wanted. I got udon.  The flavor was pretty good but having the noodles I liked made it even better. I also got the colorful fruit green tea with mango popping boba which is always a favorite for me.Our flight to Philly arrived pretty late and by the time we checked in to our hotel, it was already 11pm. Since I hadn't eaten lunch or dinner, I needed some food ASAP.  We didn't want your typical late night pizza or burger, so we settled for Ten Asian Food Hall. Never have I ever had late night Asian food. It was going to be a new experience for me. Plus, it didn't hurt that the place was only a 10 minute walk from our hotel.
We ordered some boba, habachi meals, and takoyaki for takeout. The dining room was completely closed off. They boarded up the entire place with a plastic screen, leaving a small hallway for you to walk in and order your food. This allowed for better protection for their workers. I will say I was expecting more of a food mall type of setting but it looked like everything came out of a single kitchen. 
We eagerly brought our food back and immediately devoured everything. For my meal, I got the one protein habachi with beef. It came with fried rice, salad, and a side of yum yum sauce. I was pleasantly surprised how decent my food was. For a late night meal, it honestly was not bad. The fried rice was moist and there was enough flavor in my beef. I originally ordered galbi for my protein with Japanese mustard sauce on the side. Unfortunately, they told me they didn't have both. Not sure if they just ran out for the day or if they just don't offer those things anymore. The way they were speaking made me think they just don't offer it. If that's the case, updating their menus would be helpful. Takoyaki was decent but could have been a bit crispier. My king of milk oolong milk tea was just okay. 
This place is an ideal place to grab some fast-casual Asian food, especially for late night. Food will satisfy your cravings and will leave you content. I mean where else could you get habachi (or an assortment of other Asian food for that matter) past midnight?Great addition to the Rittenhouse area that is seriously lacking reasonably priced Asian food that's actually good! The food hall is beautifully designed and decorated with ample seating. The staff was very friendly and quick to make the food. I loved there were so many food options which all seemed to be customizable. 
I ordered a build your own Poke Bowl which is only a smidge more expensive than the signature bowls but SO worth it.  TAFH has an extensive list of options to add to your bowl. You can select up to 12 add-ins (in addition to your protein) to your bowl. I couldn't even pick that many and they didn't skimp on the quantity!  Everything was super fresh and I loved the spicy ponzu. The sauce had a great kick to it too. I also ordered the milk black tea with brown sugar which was very delicious!  You can order all of the teas with your ice and sugar preference so I ordered less ice and sugar. 
I wish I lived closer because this would be a great lunch option! I will be back to try other food!Aesthetically pleasing interior. The bubble tea is a hit or miss; some flavors are good, some aren't. I recommend the Jasmine Green Milk Tea. The milk teas automatically come with boba so if you don't want it let them know. The poke bowl is a pretty decent size and it comes with a wide variety of toppings! They also have eel as a protein choice which I've never seen before so that's also a plus. I wish they didn't charge $0.75 for having the sauce on the side though cause they drench the rice with it. I have yet to try the ramen but will be back to do so. I was expecting more stores in here but three is a good start; they definitely do have space if they want to add any more stores. Overall this place is a great addition to Rittenhouse Square as the asian food options was lacking around here.Wowww so I definitely reviewed the wrong Ten Asian Food Hall the first time, so this review is a biiiitttt old since I finally realized my mistake haha.
Ten Asian Food hall is a great one-stop place if you're craving Asian bites - it's got poke, ramen, bento box type lunches, K-fried chicken and bubble tea from Tsaocaa!
I was here recently with a group for a Yelp event and everyone ordered poke bowls and bubble tea.  The boba I had was the caramel with cookies and cream milk foam (sooo delicious!) which was a generous size and with soft boba. You can customize how much sweetness or how much ice you want your bubble tea to have.
I got the unagi poke bowl (the pre-set option because I can never decide on my own combos honestly) although they make it convenient to create your own poke.  You can grab a paper menu up at the front and mark off in the middle section of it what you want to have in your bowl and then give it to the server.  I loved my bowl - it was super generous in terms of portion and the unagi was marinated well and really delicious and tasted fresh.
The interior has plenty of seating and is also super cute and instagrammable!
The wait can be a little long and this place can get a little crowded fair warning, so be prepared to wait a bit.  Other than that, you definitely have to stop in and try the food - there's something for everyone, and especially for those who are indecisive.  There's also such a great variety of options, it'll definitely have you coming back for more.  It's a great addition to Rittenhouse when you're hungry after shopping in this busy area.These seafood snack devours come all the way from @tenasianfoodhall in center city Philadelphia. This establishment offers take out and delivery. There is no inside dining or outside dining here at this establishment. The menu is very large yet very unique in its own way. It allows you to create your own sushi , Ramen bowls, and poké bowls. They also offer Cajun seafood boils. While here I only had time to order a quick snack so I decided to order the shrimp cocktail. The price is very reasonable and it came with nine jumbo large shrimp. The shrimp was very fresh and very delicious. If you ever find yourself wanting to try something new and step outside of your comfort zone? Please check out @tenasianfoodhall and tell them Shimmy sent you duh! #philadelphia #philly #food #foodie #foodphotography #foodstagram #foodblogger #foodpic #foodblog #shrimp #sushi #pokebowl #ramen #water #takeout #goodeats #vibesService was super slow!!! Waited 2 hours for my seafood boil. food was good, but deff wasn't worth waiting 2 hours for. If you're in a rush or need something quick don't come hereDecided to try this place after reading some other reviews as I pass by all these establishments on Haddonfield road anytime I have to go to Jersey. 
Everything here just seemed so blah and mediocre. The decor/operation almost felt like 1 step up from a food truck, and just seemed carelessly thrown together.  The staff also seemed like they didnt want to be there. 
The teas were better than most of the food.  We got the soy garlic wings, poke man special poke bowl, dduk bokki, colorful fruits green tea, and caramel milk black tea with cognac boba.
The soy garlic wings were good, but the breading on the wings had an odd texture.  If you have the time, take about 10 minutes to go down the road to dolsot house.  Their soy garlic wings are much better (I've reviewed them as well so feel free to take a look)
The poke mon bowl was nothing special and I felt was small and overpriced compared to other places.  It was mostly rice and just average.
The dduk bokki was probably the best thing we got (however this was my first time trying it so I may not be a good judge).  Ive always enjoyed fish cakes and the texture of the rice cakes along with the heat was very pleasant to me. 
The teas I thought were interesting the colorful fruits green tea had enough fruit in it to almost be considered a small fruit salad and the black tea was light, sweet, and the caramel gave a nice deep flavor to the tea.
This was a nice place to try on a whim but unfortunately I dont think I'll be back.I really wanted this to be good, but I'd say it's about average. I came by for lunch and ordered the la galbi bento box. It comes with miso soup and salad. The portions were ok. Not a lot of meat compared to the rice that is provided.  The miso soup was good - can't mess that up. The salad was on par as well. 
I would try something else here. There may be better options out thereCall Myself Trying Them Because I've Passed By A Few Times & I'm SUPER Disappointed! I Spent Damn Near 50$ & My Food Was Ass! & They Didn't Put My Fried Rice That I Paid Additional For, In My Bag... HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED!! Never Ever Again!!!Looked like a nice bright space and interesting concept for the area but left very disappointed...can't comment on the other options here but would not recommend the poke bowls. We opted for the poke salad option. My friend got the shrimp and scallop wasabi bowl off the menu and I made my own bowl with salmon and tuna. We were both underwhelmed by the flavors and the small amount of actual poke. The bowl felt like it was over 50% romaine and iceberg salad and very difficult to mix leaving. The classic poke sauce tasted not much different from soy sauce and sesame oil. The poke was 50% off for some sort of opening promotion so for ~$5 it was acceptable but wouldn't come back here for poke.This place is overpriced, serves small portions, and the wait times are long. I would only go here when it's late and other options aren't available.Don't forget to check in to receive their 50% off drink deal!! 
Really wish this place had opened sooner when I was still working in the area. This mini "food hall" offers a variety of good eats including bubble tea, poké, ramen, and bento boxes. But instead of individual vendors like in Chinatown Square, the same team runs the whole operation. 
I really like how the teas used are really fresh and flavorful -- some drinks even come with their own little satchel of leaves. They also have unique options like smashed taro (not taro syrup), red dates, and grape tea with cheese foam that you just don't see anywhere else in the city.
But the real star is the poké bowls. For just a little extra, you can create a custom bowl and it's 100% worth it. With your choice of base (rice, salad, noodles, etc.) along with two proteins and over a dozen toppings, the sheer amount of food you get is no joke.This food hall is a pretty modern concept starting to spring up in various areas of the city. There's a good variety of items to choose from: poke bowls, ramen, bento boxes, hibachi, and chicken sandwiches along with a few select appetizers. For ramen, poke, and hibachi, you can either choose from signature items or customize your own. 
The ramen is pretty decent for "food court" ramen. I tried the Signature Ramen, which consisted of roast pork (chashu), grilled chicken, fish cake, bean sprouts, bok-Choy, bamboo shoots, wood ear, corn, chopped scallion, boiled egg and nori (seaweed) with tonkotsu broth. The broth was satisfying and the noodles were al dent. The quality of the meats obviously weren't premium, but they were substantial and the portions were generous. However, they did forget the boiled egg.
The bubble tea is the same as the TSAoCAA location in bbq.Chicken Chinatown. It's pretty good! There's many options to choose from. My personal favorite is the Iced Grapefruit Green Tea. Finally, some decent boba in the heart of Center City. I paid extra to add bubbles to my tea, but they forgot to add it. They quickly fixed the problem when I informed them.
The space is clean and bright. It's a great quick lunch spot. A star is lost due to the service mishaps ~ the workers seem confused about their own menu when ordering and forget items. Since this place is still new, I'm sure that will improve.