I've only had the cannolis here but they are awesome! They're freshly filled when ordered and the filling is phenomenal. Not too sweet, it's perfect. If you like cannoli, if you don't think you like cannoli, you should definitely get one from Termini Bros.I had the carrot cake.... Very disappointed tasted like licorice and baking soda cooking powder. It's too bad because everything looks so delicious :( also didn't like the chocolate chips in it either.simply the best! everything from here is good! I come from a very Italian family and whenever there is a family event, there is always Termini brothers dessert trays! Their cannolis are amazing! Highly recommend.Oh my goodness, the cannoli!  Just amazing.  Simply amazing.  There's not much more to say than that.This bakery / pastry shop is located in the Reading market. I stopped by for breakfast and purchased 2 items, Carrot cake and Tiramisu. Match this with a cafe from Old City coffee and you are in for a treat these two left me full and ready for the day. Thankfully it's was a very active day and it helped me avoid the sugar crash. This was also because these items were not over sweet and rich in flavour. I can not enjoy something that is too sweet and lacking in flavour. I will return to try the lemonciello pecan diamonds and pasticcios. 
Check this place out in the Reading market you'll like it.I was on a trip to Philadelphia when I had my very first Cannolis there and OMG I wasn't disappointed! 
Fresh, sweet, and addictive are the best three words to describe my Cannolis experience! The filling comes in three different flavours, chocolate, vanilla, and ricotta with chocolate chips. I tried the ricotta and chocolate chips one and I can't even describe how heavenly it was. 
On the other hand, I tried their Éclaires, naah not that good and I definitely had better ones in several other places. But hey, it's an Italian shop, didn't expect them to make great French pastry anyways.
I live in VA but I'd drive all the way back to Philly for those cannolis. 
Bottom line, this place gets 5 stars from me because of the cannollis.Oh, that tiramisu! So good! Parts of it were a little dry, but I still give it 5 stars. Kind of pricey though. Next time, I'll probably try the cheesecake.The cheesecake is the best I've ever had. It's so mouthwatering delicious I drove back from New York just to get it!The service was great, but the cannoli wasn't. It looked amazing but it fell flat. The absence of pistachios on the exposed ends should've tipped me off. If you've never had cannoli, it's a good starter cannoli. But if you're a cannoli connoisseur like me, then you'll want to pass on this one. 
If you're ever in Chicago, you'll find the best cannoli at Ferrara's Original on Taylor Street.It's all about the cannoli! Don't try to share it- it won't work. You need to order your own. I'd love to try some of their other baked goods but I can't get past that freshly made, perfectly crunchy shell with the amazing not-to-sweet, creamy chocolatey chip filling. It's worth the hassle of trying to find parking and walking sideways to cut through the Reading Terminal crowds.I don't even know why I'm bothering to write a review when there are so many. 
This was my first time visiting this location I normally go to the location in South Philly. Well I was just as pleased at the reading terminal location. They had a great selection and the staff was so super friendly and helpful! I only ordered cannolis (I would have bought much more if I wasn't a broke college kid) but they were so incredible and so fresh! I'm so happy this location is much closer to me now and I will proudly continue to make the trip to reading terminal market just for these cannolis. Ps- I got the original with chocolate chips- that's the only way to get them right ?!Best cannoli ever!!! Very nice girl working there. I would definitely recommend  this place if you are in Philly!Let me tell you what...those freaky looking chocolate bananas aside, I'd eat anything from this place.
I needed a cheesecake for a Super Bowl party and was down in Philly not too far from here.  I stopped by and their pastries and such looked good.  I was especially impressed they were filling all the cannnoli by hand from a giant squeeze bag hanging from a rod.
Anyway, the friendly lady behind the counter asked if I wanted a chocolate or regular cheesecake and I took the chocolate.  She even wrote on it for me!  It was also only $15, which was a bargain.
The cake was so creamy and delicious, I had two pieces once I got to the party.  It was devoured promptly by the hungry football fans.   
Next time I'm back in Philly, I'm going back here to get my sweet on.While I'm not a huge fan of their layered cakes (very dry, with meh buttercream that falls off your fork as you try to eat it), I MUST say that their cannoli are OMG-SO-AMAZING! Think creamy-smooth ricotta filling inside a perfect, crunchy shell. If you want to have great cannoli, Termini's is your place - do not waste your time or calorie intake anywhere else. 
This place is out of the way of my daily activities, but you can count on seeing me trek all the way there just to get cannoli when cravings do come up. 
(Sorry, I haven't managed to photograph any of the cannoli I got from here since they vanish long before I have time to think of doing anything other than eating them.)Delicious pastries!  The carrot cake and limoncello are scrumptious. They had a lot of variety. Cupcakes are great too. Definitely worth the visit. Take the kids!Super good. If you're not from Philly, go and see what old fashioned good Italian COMFORT SWEETS ARE LIKE. IT IS THE EXPERIENCE FOR THE TRAVELLER. But go to the south Philly bakery if you can....free parking.Good tasting food that's a staple of the Reading Terminal Market.  Variety of deserts to choose from that are reasonably priced for a heavy tourist location.Almond horn was a pricey $5 compared to Swiss Haus, and just about as good.I think enough has been said about the quality of their baked goods; I couldn't agree more! What I would like to add to that is some praise on their great customer service.  Whether ordering in person or online, these folks are the pinnacle in customer satisfaction.Speaking of addiction in my review of Dinic's I cannot walk out of the terminal without my cannoli fix from Termini Bros. You absolutely must eat one immediately right after it is filled by hand to order, there is also only one kind of cannoli, yes I know they offer Chocolate and Vanilla but Ricotta and Chocolate chip is the only one you need to order, fuhghetabbout the rest.My favorite pastry spot in the RTM.  Biscotti is amazing, they serve La Colombe Coffee and they never run out.
Short and sweet.I've heard so many good things about Termini Bros Bakery.    
I arrived at the perfect time so I was able to take my time and choose the perfect dessert.
Decided to go with a mini carrot cake ($5).  The staff was friendly and even gave me a fork and napkin to go..
The cake was fresh and perfect to split with hubby.
Will I be back? Yup!  Can't wait to try something else.This was a great place to rekindle my love of Italian bakeries during a recent work-related trip. Excellent cannoli...filled upon order, with a filling that contained the perfect blend of chocolate chips/candied fruit. So often you find cannoli that is not flavorful...even the shell was a flavorful treat. I'm usually not a huge lobstertail fan...I find them almost always bland. The filling on theirs has an excellent flavor...again a good ratio of filling to candied fruit.  Very good Italian style baba au rhum...generously sauced/syruped with a flavorful, rummy syrup. Love it!I love these sweets so much.  The staff aren't nearly as friendly or knowledgeable as the old school Passayunk location so if you have a choice, go there, instead.  Canolli, biscotti, and pecan bars are the best!  Worth the high prices.This review is for the cheesecake alone. 
Okay so maybe I got a bad batch or something but it was not as amazing as everyone raves it to be. I actually thought it had a pretty strange bitter taste afterwards.
I LOVE cheesecake, so I was pretty excited to bring it to this potluck that I was invited to that evening.  I told everyone to try a piece bc it was said to be the best cheesecake ever. Instead of being proud of the cheesecake, I was slightly embarrassed when most people said the taste was off and thought it was just opposite of best.
I'll give it another try - most likely when someone else purchases the cake bc I wouldn't want another one to go to waste on my buy.Leave the pasteries. Take the cannolis.
Literally, only good for those. The cakes and pies.. not nearly as good here.A quick internet search for best cheesecake in Philly lead me here, and they did not disappoint.  Soft, sweet, creamy, yum.  Cheesecake is probably one of the last desserts I'd pick for myself, but I wanted to get it for a special someone, and I'm glad there was enough to share.  A tad pricey, but worth it.What can be said that hasn't already? I'll start with the bad; insanely long lines almost all the time and surly workers. Both are inescapable due to its fame, so you have to take the good with the bad.
All their delicacies are solid. The cannolis are large, the cakes are moist and delicious. Even the chocolate covered strawberries are a hit. If I could suggest one thing thought it would probably be the tiramisu cake, which is a large and very tasty homage to the original desert. It's a great bakery, it's just a shame about the crowds.A customer of mine brought In a few pastries from this place and I was instantly addicted, THE best cannoli I have ever had!!!yummilicious! I would eat a cannoli everyday if I could. I have lived from west coast to east coast & east coast has their bakeries on point, especially termini bros. love everything from there.I just gotta say: the chocolate covered banana cookie thing filled with raspberry and cream.
Like. Who even thought of this?
And why is it not being talked about?!I am not a sweets dessert person but I think since sharing a slice of Termini's rum cake with the husband I just may be converted. This cake was heaven! The cashew nuts that hugged the edge of this cake was - mwah! And the cream filling - double mwah! 
We also ordered a small chocolate mousse concoction that was delicious. 
The person that helped us was so nice and I mentioned that we were relatively new to the area and she suggested visiting their other location because they sometimes have live music and a place to eat and enjoy outside. 
My birthday isn't till December but I already told my family that I need to have rum cake from Termini's!The cannoli with ricotta + chocolate chips, WOW. Every bit as good as what we had in Italy ...seriously PERFECT. Sweet, crispy, creamy. Seemed expensive at the counter but after taking just one bite, it was immediately apparent that it was worth every penny and then some.  Amazing, amazing.
If you only have time to eat one dessert in Philly, you had better make it a cannoli at Termini Bros!Located in the Reading Terminal market it's a fairly nice bakery with some great product, though slightly overpriced IMO... As for their product the Canolli's were rather stellar, nicely smooth crunchy shell and very quality and fresh tasting. As for the person waiting on me well... Star lost and leave it at that. 
 Overall still a quality bakery with a nice selection and quality product.Macaroons by the pound?!  Chocolate cannolis by the 1/2 pound?!  Seasonal cakes and pies by the slice?!  And assorted cookies by the 1/4 pound?!  A great bakery, but not very flexible...  You can't order just a cannoli or a macaroon - everything here is ordered by weight with the lowest measure being 1/4 pound.  Well, except for cakes and pies.  There are some of those, however, that must be purchased whole!  However, if you're preparing for a holiday or a big party, it's a wonderful place to pick up some sweet items to nosh on!Enjoyed the zeppole and cannolis!  Cannolis are filled on the spot which was great. Definitely worth a trip back.It had been a while since I had good cannoli and Termini Bros. delivered while I was spending a weekend in Philadelphia. This Italian bakery is located inside of Reading Terminal Market, which is an incredible place for any kind of foodie at all.
I got 4 cannoli that I would save for dinner that night. It is usually a good idea to eat a cannolo shortly after purchasing, to enjoy the crispy shell before it gets soft from the filling. The cannoli at Termini Bros. are filled on-demand (which is the ideal way). You can choose from a vanilla custard or the more traditional ricotta. My favorite pastry filling is probably sweetened ricotta, having spent most of my life eating cream puffs filled with ricotta from Mozzicato on Franklin Avenue in Hartford, CT. I asked about chocolate chips being present, as I am not a fan of this addition to the velvety smooth filling, and was informed that in fact, their ricotta mixture does have chocolate chips. Having read the reviews before coming to Termini Bros., I winced slightly and bought the cannoli anyway. At an average of 4 stars, I repeated silently to myself that 90 Yelpers cannot steer me wrong. For good measure, I also picked up tiramisu, presented in single-serving, round torte form.
That night, I helped prepare dinner for a really interesting group of people and shared my cannoli with them. I was smiling from ear-to-ear, pleased that I had not stuffed myself silly with the pork chop and orzo from dinner and glad that Yelpers did not let me down. The cannolo was delicious and the chocolate chips are actually more like shavings, not the chips that you find in your grocery store's baking aisle. This was absolutely acceptable, as I did not have to chomp on the chocolate.
I had the tiramisu the next day and even though it spent a day in the fridge, it was also very good. Good coffee flavor and the delicate mascarpone paired well with the cake layers.
Not only does this bakery have a decent selection of Italian pastries, cookies, and cakes, it is located in a wonderfully bustling market that makes for a fun experience. Whether you are a Philly resident or a visitor to the "Cradle of Liberty," check out Termini Bros. Bakery when you have a hankering for something sweet.Cool Philly landmark. Def go see the actual bakery and not just the stand at Reading Terminal Market. It's fun to pick out pastries and definitely go for a cupcake. They're delicious. And the cakes are great too! Bought one for my Dad's birthday. It traveled great and tasted fantastic three days later!Absolutely delicious baked goods. If you're ever looking for a good cheesecake, Termini Bros never fails.
I was originally in search for a pumpkin pie but alas, no luck. Termini had samples, but they did not have any available until tuesday.
However, I noticed this beautiful marbled cheesecake and I found out it was the pumpkin cheesecake. I purchased one for a friend as a gift. Everyone who had a slice of that cheesecake was satisfied. For $15, it's a great value.Was at Reading terminal market  yesterday .Brought back  some of yoru cake.WOW amazing  .Wish I would of brought  a whole cake back .After seeing the reviews here, I'm feeling kind alone but this location of the bakery is just plain disappointing.  In the past, as a frequent RTM shopper and fan, I'd sometimes give in to the need and buy something from their counter.  Pretty much every time it's mediocre or bad.  My family has grown to shelf the Termini reputation. It's no longer a treat.
In recent years, someone converted me back but through their original location on 8th st.  WOW.  That place is incredible, so now I have to convince my whole family it's the ORIGINAL location that's still good.  They're skeptical.  This campaign has lowered my guard and once again while shopping at the terminal I decided to pick up a last minute dessert for my family's Sunday get together.  FAIL.
No one wanted to finish the first few slices of the chocolate cheese cake I brought.  I thought my sister was on a diet or something when she only took one bite.  Eventually my family's polite mode wore off (a record 3 minutes) and they were pretty liberal with their critique of the cake.  "Play-doh" was perhaps the most agreeable for the table, that's what the cake tasted like.  I admit, It was nasty.  How do you have a name like Termini and not pull off a basic cheese cake?  I had a decent maccaroon while waiting there but otherwise Im sorry I didnt just go the the super market.  And that Folks, is the ultimate insult, no?
Anyone know why in the world this location has become the bizzarro-world bakery of the original location?  Perhaps they should just be the Termini Bros. Cannoli depot and stick to the apparent success of that.After ordering a boxful of pastries + another Container of sweets we needed an extra plastic bag to split things up in our group. The lady rudely refused to give us one. I've never been refused a CHEAP PLASTIC bag where I've given my patronage. Don't even try to ask for a double bag if you wanna get mean eyes!! Plenty of good bakeries that don't do this. But I guess if you're already successful, you don't necessarily need to make your customers happy anymore, and perhaps get a bit greedy like Termini bakery where you try to hold on to every penny! Shame on you. With so many other great bakeries in the neighborhood, forget this place.
Pastries are good but nothing special. There are many wonderful bakeries who make similar things. The flavors and cakes are well made but standard in flavor. Typical cannoli and cakes. 
Really, at this point you're just looking for a good atmosphere with good people and vibes and this place wasn't it. Sad.The positive reviews got me hyped up, but the cannoli I tried was too sweet and dense, and it wasn't especially crunchy either.  I also got overcharged for it.  They pipe it fresh in front of you though, so that's kinda cool.  I didn't particularly want to keep eating it though, unfortunately, and have had better :/Only tried the stuffed buttercream cupcake with sprinkles from here and it was outstanding.  Would come back just for that.I agree with several other of the reviews that the cannolis are the single best thing here the canolis are great and the cheesecakes are excellent however the price of $4 for single cannoli seems very high to me and higher than New York City. Other than price this is a worthwhile stop.First, the place would've gotten 4 stars if the cashiers were a bit more friendly. I got the tiramisu. Personally I think the cake could have been a bit more moist. Also, the flavor of coffee wasn't very prominent and could be a little stronger. Still yummy.I really enjoyed the cannoli from here. I did think the breading portion was a bit too crunchy, but the filling was to die for! Sooo good. I tried the tiramisu cake as well. It was pretty darn tasty. I didn't see the prices, so can't comment on the price point vs portion size. I think both were shareable though, especially after eating soemehere in reading terminal. 
Lots of different pastry choices. I'm excited to go back!One day their bakery was wonderful.  The next day we purchased $15 worth of products only to find they were OLD.  The next morning, I returned to the Market, so I took my receipt and was treated pretty rudely.  It would have been easy to make me happy (as they had done the first day I went there).  But the lady who said she was the manager was a real crumb!I love their fresh-filled cannoli and cakes! Definitely worth the price! Not so sure about the service. Be loud so you can get someone's attention to help you with what you want.I went there because of all the hype about the cannolis... Great selection. Very nice staff. Only giving 4 stars because the cannoli was good, but I've had better.If there is one place in Philly that I have to stop at no matter what I am doing in the city, it is Termini Bros. All of their products are fresh and about as tasty as a desert can get. I am Italian and I love tiramisu and cannolis. That being said, my favorite tiramisu and cannolis is at Termini Bros. I always end up coming home and filling up the house with baked goods to last a month. Best bakery in all of Philadelphia and Pennsylvania.Their carrot cake is surprisingly really good. Got it for an office party. The service is good, considering it's busy in the Reading Terminal Market. They have more selection than the Comcast Center, but both Termini Bros Bakeries are phenomenal!Outstanding cupcakes - I love finding a good cupcake.  I like a classic vanilla cupcake with sweet buttercream icing!  The bonus on these cupcakes - sprinkles on top and more icing inside. Yum! 
My family knew I liked these cupcakes so much they ordered them for a surprise birthday party for me... everyone thought they were delicious.This place makes me happy!   I've tried several different varieties of their bunt cakes as well as their layered cakes.  My favorite sofar had to be the cinnamon crumble chocolate chip cake which I brought as a treat for my coworkers who gobbled it up.
In general their cakes are a bit dryer than what most are probably looking for but I like that. The icing on the layered cake wasn't something i was fond of. 
I'll keep going there and trying different things.  Next time (based on all the other reviews) i see i must try a cannoli.Stay far away from the Italian Cream cake. My husband and I ended up throwing the slice away because neither of us could eat it. Husband also ordered a cannoli which he said was good.Looking for NY style cheesecake? Look no more, except this is better, this is made in Philly! Try their cheesecake at your own risk, you will come back for more. Enough said.The best cannoli you will ever have in your life. Seriously, they are wonderful. This is the second location that I have visited and it was a little crazy, being placed in the crowded reading terminal market, but the service here was speedy and efficient. The ricotta and chocolate chip cannoli is INSANELY good and fresh. I can't get enough. I wish they had a location in Pittsburgh (hint hint hint)!I didn't think I liked cannoli until I had one from termini bros. highly recommended. it's so cute wish we had time to try more!I can't even remember how many desserts I bought from here over the past year.  
Cheesecake? Good.
Strawberry Short Cake? Good
Amaretti cookies? Good
Cannolis? Good
Everything here is fantastic! Staff will go out of their way to make recommendations and make sure that you're happy! 
I always come here for sweets and snacks!!Oh my goodness, so much to choose from and it all looks good! I tried the cannoli and tiramisu, and my sister tried the Italian cream cake. They were too good!5 stars purely for the ricotta cheese cannoli.  However 2-3 stars for the vanilla cannolis that are too sweet (like canned frosting), and 2 stars for everything else that's overpriced.Worth the trip from anywhere!  Love the raisin tea cakes.  Cannoli are filled as ordered so always fresh and fabulous!I have eaten a lot of cannolis and the I had from here was incredible. One of the best I have had outside of Italy.  I will definitely be sure to stop by here again when in the area, just for the cannolis. The filling is extremely rich and they give a very generous amount. I love the chocolate chips inside and they put the cream in the shell right in front of you so you know it's fresh.The shell is cripsy and crunchy but has a great texture. It goes perfectly with the cream. It was $4 and well worth it. I hope to try some of their cakes or other desserts next time too!I used to come here and get a slice of their delectable carrot cake. One of my favorite stops at Reading Terminal Market.HOLY CANNOLI is all i have to say about this. The cannoli is one of the most delicious desserts ever (and I do not like cannolis-but this was amazing).  I can't wait to go back and try the cakes!Yum! I stopped by on my way out just to view the selection. I ended up getting a chocolate banana, which was the first to catch my eye. Wow! It's a real banana on top almond cookie with cream and raspberry sauce, coated in crisp chocolate shell. Delicious!Haven't gone there in a while, but from what I can tell, their vanilla cannoli is pretty good, though I know I'm not a cannoli expert.
But I do enjoy some of their biscotti flavors! I think I tried raspberry almond and cappucino flavored biscottis and they were pretty good.
fyi: $15 minimum for credit cards I believe.My favorite bakery in the entire market!  Their cannolis are a must try!  The shells are made fresh & they are filled with ricotta cheese & chocolate chips.  It can be topped off with powdered sugar and tastes like heaven!  I can't resist them.  Make sure you grab a number to place your order!Stopped in to try a cannoli and it did not disappoint! Creamy ricotta filling that's perfectly sweetened and not to sweet, like many other cannoli fillings. Found there to be a perfect amount of chocolate chips too. The outer shell was perfectly crisp even hours after they filled it to order. While we were there, we also got some type of nut bar which was also delish! 
The counter is on the outskirts of the market, so it's easy to find. The service was polite and speedy too. Cannot go wrong if you are a cannoli lover! They are pretty big, even though the $4 price tag seems steep. I promise it's well worth it!While at Reading Terminal, we decided to hit up Termini. While the deserts looked good, I got the sense they were not made on site. The seemed a little too packaged.
I got a tiramisu cake/bowl. It tasted decent. It did not knock my socks off.
To be honest, it was not nearly as good as the fresh cookies I got around the corner.Solid 4 stars for the delicious tiramisu alone!
It was the best thing I ate at Reading Terminal Market! It was also the first thing we DEVOURED because we were so hungry....but it was tasty!
The staff was friendly enough and we were able to find somewhere in the general area to set up and eat.
I would absolutely come back for baked goods and sweets from Termini Bros!The cheese cannoli is the best you can get in Center City. Also, the cheesecake is amazing, perfectly dense and sweet. No need for any fruit topping, it is flavorful enough. I have had their fruit tart and chocolate covered banana as well, both lovely. 
My only complaints are I think it is a bit overpriced and there aren't any signs on most the cases so you have to ask what everything is, which can result in a long line.The cannolis are amazing and my family and I have been getting them for years. You can't go wrong with any of their desserts they all look amazing. I tried the chocolate covered banana which was really food. I wish the banana was frozen so it tasted more like ice cream but the cookie in it gives it a unique flavor. Their mini cakes looks fantastic as well I'd love to try the carrot cake next! The ladies who work there are super nice too!oh boy do I love their cheesecake, cannoli, La Colombe coffee, the list goes on! But on multiple occasions (even when there were only one or two other customers, I was ignored, and people who came after me were served before me (they'd get five stars if it weren't for this).
The women who work here are always so nice (when they don't ignore you).The cannoils here are outstanding. I will certainly be adding Termini's cannoli to my must order list when I pass through Reading Terminal Market. The filling is extremely rich and luscious. The shell is cripsy yet soft; it creates a nice texture contrast to the cream, but it doesn't fall apart when biting into it.Everything you've read about Termini's cheese & chocolate chip cannolis is true and not an exaggeration.  They are PERFECT!!!  I've never tried anything else they make, because why bother?!?  The cannolis are like manna from God.  I really like cannolis, so I buy them every chance I get.  I've bought them from lots of different places, so I think I have a good frame of reference.  And truly, Termini's are the best I've ever had.  The key is the simple, quality ingredients and the fact that they stuff them to order.  You'll NEVER get a soggy cannoli from any Termini bakery.  They are truly Fan-freaking-tabulous!!!!Found myself in the area again and since hubby and I had a fight I thought I'd buy him a slice of rum cake as a peace offering.
If it's possible this slice was even better than the one we had a couple weeks ago. More rum which made it moister (is that a word?) but not mushy - so darn good - and it worked like a charm! The husband and I made up - so it's our "make up cake."Place sucks. $5 for an eclair is a total robbery. It was nothing special to boot. Will not be returning. Whole foods has better and fresher éclair for half the price. thieves.Termini Bros Bakery is a great spot in Reading Terminal Market to get your sweet tooth fix. They have tons of pasteries and goods. I order the cannoli and it was good. The taste is very creamy and rich with a thick consistency. 
It costed around $2-3 and the service was fairly prompt. The cream came out of a dispenser from the ceiling. It seemed to be fresh. They lay out their cannoli shells in the front, so  they might pre-make them in  huge batches. Overall I would go again to try out a new item.OMG.... come here for the cannoli.  The freshest and best thing you will ever have (if you like cannolis).  They hand squeeze/fill them right to order, and they are so so good.  Too good in my opinion, and I am upset as I will now sadly search for something similar in all my travels, and doubt I will find its equal.  I must have hit this place at the right time, as there was no line, and very friendly service.  I will be back if ever in Philly again.  Do you ship to California?5 stars for the cannoli's, 2.5 - 4 for everything else.
These are probably the best cannoli's I've ever had, or at least top two. 
The chocolate chip ricotta filling is creamy and rich, and they squeeze it out in front of you, so the shell doesn't get soggy. It's really heavy though so I suggest sharing. ($4 for 1)
Other stuff: Their tiramisu isn't great. The entire thing is just pretty dry and bland (I don't think they soak their lady fingers in espresso). The cheesecakes are pretty good but not the best I've ever had. German almond cookies are good. 
Just get the cannoli.I chose Termini Bros Bakery for my first dessert experience at Reading Terminal Market, and I'm so glad that I did. Surprisingly, it was one of the few bakeries still open during the time I went (around 5:30 PM).
This bakery has a wide spread of cakes, mini cakes, cheesecakes, and more. All the cakes were beautiful, and my friend ordered a Tiramisu cake and had some birthday customization done; the final product looked great. We sampled some pound cake, which was absolutely delicious and moist and soft. After sampling, I knew I had to pick up something from the bakery.
I wanted something small but something sweet, so I decided to choose between the cheesecake slices. At $4 a slice, they had the following flavors: pumpkin, marble,and plain (New York). I ended up going for the marble (I'm a chocolate lover at heart, even though I did momentarily pause to consider the seasonal pumpkin flavor). 
The cheesecake was so, so good. Perfect texture and consistency, just cheese-like enough to ACTUALLY feel like cheesecake. With hints of vanilla and chocolate, each bite was sweet. I finished the whole slice and wanted more. It wasn't too sweet for me or too rich for me which I also really liked. The temperature of the cheesecake slice, which is also really important to me in evaluating my desserts (especially cheesecake), was on point-- I like mine slightly cold so that the cheesecake doesn't taste too soft or mushy. 
I definitely will be back here to sample more of their desserts. Service was also excellent, and the women working behind the counter took the time to explain all of the different flavors, etc. Great experience overall and I definitely recommend getting something to satisfy your sweet cravings here while at Reading Terminal Market!Competitor for the best pastries in South Philadelphia. Their ricotta cannoli are excellent, and so are their rum babas. The decor is perfect: they even have a small band playing on weekends and holidays. And there is even a parking lot. Cannot recommend enough.Absolutely amazing cannoli. They also gave us a free amaretto cookie that was so delicious it took me right back to my childhood and into my grandmother's kitchen. Needless to say we plan to go back the day we leave to pick up some goodies to go!! My husband has now proclaimed we must go into the city every time we visit my parents in the suburbs in order to get some Termini's!Oh how I used to love Termini's! My family has been going here for years before I was ever even thought of. I have always held them as my favorite bakery until I recently came here and picked up some pastries. First off their prices are astronomical. For 3 cannoli, 3 sfogliatelle, and 2 rum baba it was $32. The rum baba tasted like dry dough covered in sugar water. The sfogliatelle also seemed drier and just not as tasty as I remember. I am disappointed the quality is going down and the prices seem to keep going up. After years of being a loyal customer, I am sorry to say but it seems time to move on.Termini Brother's bakery (in the Terminal Market) has a cannoli so good it will make you want to kidnap the not so friendly Italian lady behind the counter and force her to make you those orgasms topped with powdered sugar everyday. We got the sweet ricotta one with mini chocolate chips and a sprinkle of powered sugar. Did I mention they were beyond delicious? I also ordered a large, juicy chocolate covered strawberry. The strawberry was super fresh and only a dollar. The cannoli was $3, we split it and it was the best three bucks I spent all day. I don't know who the Termini Brother's are but they could move to DC and live with my mother for free, yelpers put the word out.I've only ever had a cheese cannoli here because I go there so rarely that I can't not get one.  
It's the best.  Like almost sex good.  Need I say more?
Oh yeah, I think I had biscotti there once when I was really young and while vague, I'm pretty sure it rocked.Disappointed----Termini Brothers--- is not a real 'Old World' Italian bakery they portray to be.  Yes, their desserts are somewhat good, but I felt they lack flavor & authenticity.   On their www they claim how loyal they are to their family's 80 year old recipes.....Hmmmm, didn't know they use Trans Fats in 1921!!..... Some will roll your eyes and say "who cares when it comes to a cannoli!"... Calories aside, if I am going to splurge, I want to eat real, quality ingredients, not some crappy chemicals & hydrolyzed fat that is use to triple its shelf life!Let me begin by saying me and my sister will travel for food...and we have.  We have traveled the country, as well as outside the country.  Termini Bros. ranks as one of the best.  Surprisingly, when I tell people about Termini Bros.  I don't talk about the great desserts first.  The best thing about Termini Bros. is the customer service.  The women were very attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly; I believe their names were Alissa and Aliya.  Aliya took us for tour.  
Now to the dessert.  Me and my sister were on our South Philly food run and parked in front of Termini Bros.  We accessed Yelp, read some reviews and decided to stop in before we went to Cosmi's Deli (which was great too).  We ordered a slice of rum cake, a white cupcake, all of the cannolis flavors, and a mini carrot cake.  Alissa gave us a free slice of chocolate chip cake.  Our favorite was the mini carrot cake and second was the chocolate chip cake.  On our next South Philly food run we will definitely go get a mini carrot cake to eat after our Cosmi's sandwiches:-).Hands-down the most amazing cannoli that you'll ever have!  Add Termani Brothers to your foodie bucket list.  The shell has an amazing crispness and the filling has a smooth flavor that goes on for miles without being too sweet.  I personally recommend the traditional chocolate chip variety, but they do have vanilla or chocolate available too.
I have them listed as "My Last Meal On Earth" in my Yelp profile for a reason! ;)
If you are taking visitors around the city or a visitor yourself then you should know that this location is within walking distance of Pat's & Gino's.  Go there for lunch and come here for dessert!One thing I must preface this review with, is that I'm basing it on only one item at the bakery, the Ricotta Connoli, but WHAT AN ITEM!!! I've had a vast amount of connolis in my life, but I have to say that Termini Bros tops them all. They fill the shells right in front of you as you order them and the shells are so incredibly crunchy they provide a perfect contrast to the filling. The Ricotta filling was absolute perfection. Creamy, rich but not overly sweet, it just could not be any better. At $4.00 for one connoli, you might say it is a bit pricey...that is until you take a bite! Then you'd happily pay twice that. If you're in Philly, get to the Reading Terminal Market and have one for dessert, after your DiNic's Roast Pork, but that is another review.So basically I am throwing down the big Five Star Rating for the cannoli. Best cannoli I have ever had resides here. 
This is pretty much the only reason I wish I lived in Philadelphia. I went to the Reading Terminal Market and walked by their location in here, and knew I had to try something from Termini Brother's. 
All the desserts looked awesome, so it was hard to choose just one to try. Everything is homemade and fresh. When I saw the cannoli shells, I knew that was it for me. Cannoli, here I come. 
The girl behind the counter was extremely patient with me as I asked questions about their desserts. She remained friendly when I decided on a simple cannoli, and gave me three choices, chocolate filling, ricotta with chocolate chips filling and vanilla. I went with vanilla, because it's simple and I mean hey, you can get a ricotta cannoli everywhere, right? 
She piped the vanilla filling into the shell and served it up. I took a seat at one of the tables next to their booth and chowed down. So happy. It tasted like you want a cannoli to taste (well, a vanilla one). The shell was perfectly crispy, but didn't completely fall apart when I took a bite, and the few stray pieces stuck to the vanilla filling nicely. The vanilla inside was tasty and not overpowering of the delicate shell, and not too sweet, which I was afraid it might be. 
I definitely could have eaten 3 or 4 of them (don't judge, I love food), but stuck to splitting the one I had with my boyfriend (lucky for him I was willing to share). 
If you are in the Philly area you should really try this place for all their yummy looking authentic Italian baked goods, and don't forget to order a cannoli and eat it while it's fresh (try not to share; be selfish about it).This place is a gem. Seriously tasty baked goods. We were offered a sample of the Lemon Cooler cake and it was over. We took one home. The employees were very friendly and helpful. My Aunt was right this place is the Best!!! No wonder she would drive from the shore for birthday cake. Try this place. You'll love it!I've been going here since I was a kid. We usually stop in and pick up things for special occasions (Most recently a rum cake for my brother's birthday) or just because we're in the city and want the best cannoli we can find.
Service was helpful and very kind as always. The workers are always willing to answer questions about things and they're always careful about wrapping things up when you're done. So I will mention that it's not the best place to go if you're in a hurry.
This time I got a limoncello pastry form myself and it was AMAZING. Enough lemon to be tart without being too lemony. Not overly sweet. Perfect. I think I found my new go-to dessert when I stop in.Every time I go into Philly I stop in for some treats.  The last time I was in I was very sad to find out that you stopped making the Fruit Tart.  Please...Please ...Please would you bring this item back????????  I travel close to 2 hours to get this item plus some other sweets.  The cannoli's are awesome too.  Please let me know so I can come pick some Fruit tars up...Please.  No other bakery (that I know of) makes them the same way.  All use a custard base which I'm not a fan of.What an excellent little find - off the beaten path. The cannoli was one of the finest, crispiest, hand-filled ones I can remember. The smell of the place alone is enough to conjure images of an Italian wedding.Amanda was so helpful yesterday! I would love to walk in and just be able to look around a bit before the tray comes out BUT she was so helpful and easy going.  She was so nice to my kids and really made it an experience for them.  I have been going to TBB since I was a kid and I hope to keep the tradition going.  The ricotta cannolis are so good!  Also got the Pignoli cookies for my grand mom and while I always have sticker price shock with those cookies I know how expensive pine nuts are and how good the cookies are.  My grand mom was so excited to see them.When you think of South Philly bakeries, none comes to mind more prominently than the original Termini Brothers Bakery on 8th St. Often times, institutions cannot live up their their huge reputations. This place is the exception that proves the rule. 
What more could you want out of a bakery? From the comfortable buzz of the neon sign outside to the old style black and white tiles inside, this place has it all. It just feels like home. The pastries are laid out in the middle of the room, family style on an island. The aroma is decadent. It is truly indescribable how overpowering it is walking through the door. You have smelled bakeries before, but until you go into Termini's, you just dont know how good a bakery can smell. 
The service is wonderful. South Philly girl dressed in Termini's unmistakable white scrubs kindly assist in picking out the pasteries. They are a wealth of information. 
As for the sweets, my god. The cannoli is nothing short of perfect. The shell is crunchy and darker than most. The ricotta filling is unearthly. Heavier, creamier than most, this is a serious dessert. I have been getting these cannolis for over 20 years, and I have yet to find one that can compete. 
The cakes are amazing. Their Italian cream- yes please.  Tarrone, a seasonal favorite, is looked forward to be many as a sure sign of cooler weather. Hell, even the boxes they use inspire nostalgia and a whet pallet.
If I had to choose a last meal, it would go like this. Fried mac n cheese balls from the Sidecar. Royal burger. Kenzinger. And I would top it off with a cup of coffee and a cannoli from Terminis. 
It's that fucking good.You have to go here the day before Easter. They've got all kinds of stuff to bring to dinner your people will love. And they had an accordion and bass player there, which they've apparently had for years. It was probably among the busiest days of the year for them, which really just made it a fun experience. Oh and the cannoli? Delicious. Best shell around.I had my first Cannoli here and I will never forget it. It was a life altering experience. It was fresh, tasty, not too sweet and crispy! They dont fill them until you order, put it in a lovely white box and tie it up with string, old school style! I loved it!
THANK YOUI don't have much of a sweet tooth, but thanks to Termini Bros, I am a total cannoli convert. I bought a box full of mini cannoli for my office mate's birthday and they were a HUGE hit among my coworkers. Everything here is freshly made with attention to quality and detail. The ricotta and chocolate chip filling is so rich and decadent that you'll want to shamelessly lick any stray filling off of your fingers to savor every last possible bite. The crunchy shell provides the perfect textural complement to the creamy filling. The girl who rang up my order was great too: she was sweet and friendly while also being professional, efficient, and respectful of the fact that I was on my way to work. My only regret is setting the bar for birthdays way too high... Now I'm doomed to buy my coworkers' loyalty with cannoli forevermoreBest cannolis ever.  This is also the GO TO PLACE for St. Joseph's Day Cakes.  They are delicious and not overly sweet.  
Make sure that you put an order in ahead of time around Holidays (and things like St. Joseph's Day) because they're SUPER busy.The trip to Philly began like any other - gym first thing in the morning, a drive to the airport, a quick 6am flight, and getting checked in at my "hotel" - this time a B+B on south 8th street, a mere block from Termini Brother's famous Pastries.  Despite having an aggressive site seeing and eating agenda I couldn't pass up such an opportunity and decided to start my vacation with a visit.  Entering the small pastry shop I was greeted by two pleasant females and a stern sign telling me "Please do not handle pastries."  Amused I browsed with my eyes while helping myself to some of the samples at the register - a pair of delectable fig and apricot cookies and some chocolate biscotti.
After browsing all the available choices I went with the obvious - two canolli, one with chocolate cream and chopped walnuts and the other with sweet ricotta, chocolate chips, and pistachio.  Paying the modest $6 fee I watched the bakers fill the pastries before the store clerk boxed and tied them with a bow and presented me with a delectable sample of warm cinnamon coffee cake from the kitchen.  
Making my way to the street I quickly dispatched with the bow and after a short debate decided to start with the chocolate canolli.  Featuring a buttery and crisp shell that gave way with an appropriate crunch I was greeted by a light cocoa cream and subtle notes of toasted nuts, light and smooth yet substantial and flavorful.  Impressed I moved on to the ricotta option - the clear cut winner and an absolute must order for any visitor to Philadelphia.  With an equally crispy shell the mildly lemon accented and texturally heterogeneous cheese speckled with nuts and chocolate chips was delightful, albeit significantly heavier than the chocolate cream.  While I cannot say I am a cannoli expert I have had a number in my life and the versions at Termini Brothers were every bit as good as the prior best.This is the real deal.  If you want the best italian pastries in Philly, this is where you want to go.  I love their biscotti, canolli, pecan bars, and teething cookies (another type of biscotti) the most.  They gave us one of the latter for free when we brought in our baby.  Highly knowledgeable staff who offer serving suggestions and tell you about new and special items for us regular customers.  The counter, floor, ambiance are all old school.  It's a fun and beautiful location even if you don't need a sweet treat.  But you know you need some sweets!  It's expensive but almost everything is worth the price.  Don't grab those pastries yourself!  Someone will wait on you personally if you give them a minute.  Much more 'old school' and knowledgeable staff vs. the Reading Terminal location though Reading Terminal also has my favorite treats.My first and very last experience wasn't good. Picked cupcake I wanted only to get followed around like I was going to not pay for it. The employee then asked to take cupcake from me until I was done. I didn't see any signs anywhere or anyone else being approached. Not only turned me off from returning but I've made better cupcakes from a box.Excellent selection and service.  The young lady behind the coutner found out it was our first time and brought us to the back to see the bakery process and wedding cake design.  She then gave us each mini ricotta cannolis.  Prices can be expensive, but seem about the same as many of the great homemade bakeries in the area ($5 sfogliatelle; $3-4? for cannoli).  Impeccable quality that makes it worth a walk.  The cannoli shell and filling were individually outstanding and they are combined at the time of order to guarantee freshness and synergy.  This location is where nearly everything is made.  The items are then shipped to their other locations, so the goodies are often freshest here and with better selections.::gasping for air::
Due to my very first visit at Termini Bros being an absolute success, I cannot breathe or sit comfortably in my jeans.  
Best cannolis I've ever had.  Perfect blend of ricotta and all the other heavenly ingredients that make that super tasty cannoli cream.  Not too sweet by any means and so so so smooth!  
We really came here to buy a birthday cake (supposed to be a short visit), but we ended up walking out with a few boxes of desserts - Um like $74 worth of sweets.  ::hiding my face::
Ask for Tareva, she's damn good at her job.  Exceptional customer service, super friendly, and she had the best recommendations! 
Reminder: Don't go in and start grabbing at the pastries - you'll have to get in line to place your order with someone directly.  
And again, get a cannoli.  Highly recommend the chocolate dipped almond claw.  With a hot cup of coffee, take a biscotti to go (so good and light!).  Skip the blondies - you should load up on your calories with all the cannolis with sprinkled powdered sugar on top!Stopped in over the weekend for the ever famous canoli which is always delicious! I was not pleased that nothing was marked in the store with regard to what things were or their corresponding prices. I felt like like they might give regulars better pricing and take advantage of the tourists or people who stop in less frequently. 
Don't go unless you have money to spend...
a whopping $50 for a large italian rum cake, $20./a pound for coconut macaroons!, $15.00 for a small cheesecake (not NY style)  and $4 & $5 for most desserts. Oh and the canoli's are $3.50 each but well worth it!Chocolate Chip Cannolis and Chocolate Cream Cannolis were the best!  And also this little pumpkin cake with cinnamon cream cheese frosting in layers.  OMG is all I can say.  Pricey, but a nice occasional treat.I'll make this short and "sweet", I went to my favorite bakery,Termini Bros today & bought a pineapple cheese cake, two cheese chocolate chip cannoli's & 2 chocolate cupcakes. The cheesecake had little to no pineapple in it ,the cannoli shells were greasy & the cupcakes were delicious as usual.
1 out of 3 is not acceptable for a Philadelphia institution such as this & especially not for the prices they charge!
I never thought I'd see the day when Termini's quality went downhill  but sadly today was that dayVery disappointed. I received a gift of cookies years ago from Termini and went out of my way to find the bakery while visiting Philadelphia. First of all the cookies were $20 per pound (which I foolishly paid!). The pastry were $4.50 each. I come from Boston and the best Italian bakeries are no more than $10 per pound and $3 for pastry.  Neither the cookies nor the pastry were anything special. Actually the pastry tasted stale and I purchased them on a Sunday morning.Be prepared to drop a small fortune at this place.  They're best known for their cannoli, sure, but don't stop there.  The mini cakes and eclairs are to die for (and will instantly give you much less room in your jeans just for staring at them coveteously!)  If you can get around how bad it is to park in South Philly, make it a point to go on a weekday.  If you go on a weekend, you're just asking for incredible lines.  Kind of worth it though!I cant stress this enough... GET THE CHOC COVERED BANANAS and you will die a happy person!Termini Bros is HEAVEN. Everything in here is phenomenal.
There are a few locations throughout the city, but this is the original. I like it because there is a large parking lot next door. 
When you enter the store, you are met by an employee with a metal tray. Don't go grabbing cookies on your on! That's what this employee is here for. They walk around with you and help you pick what you want. They stay with you for your entire visit.
My personal favorite thing in the entire place are the Pignoli / pine nut cookies. I can't get enough of them. My Brasilian family lose their minds over them! They are about $35lb, but well worth it in my opinion. They also have amazing canolis and coconut macaroons!
Termini Bros is a MUST STOP every time I visit the Philly area!Duh ... it's Termini Bros ... and it's Termini Bros on St. Joseph's Day. Double duh.
I blame Termini Bros for making me the proud pastry snob that I am. No other bakery will ever hold a candle to my precious Termini Bros Bakery. I usually go for cannoli, and periodically pick up something (everything) else that looks visually appealing. Today it was Termini Bros zeppoli. For some reason, I've never had this lightly fried, filled with cream pastry. Clearly, my pastry game is lacking. 
After parking, I walked in to find a short line. Duh ... it's Termini Bros on a Saturday. The wait was quick and someone was walking around with samples. When it was my turn, a young woman got a silver tray and I ordered my cannoli and decided to try to the zeppoli. She wrapped it up (even tied the box with the cannoli), I paid, and was on my way. $20 for four cannoli and one zeppoli. I was a bit taken aback and first and then realized -- I'M AT A REAL BAKERY, NOT A GROCERY STORE BAKERY. 
The zeppoli was really good. I loved the cream and the lightness of the pastry. I haven't devoured a cannoli yet, but I know what to expect -- nothing but greatness.
I'm really happy to see Termini Bros is still the same as it was when I was child. My now-deceased uncle took me there on Christmas Eve to pick up cannoli for Christmas and it was something I looked forward to every year. He would also randomly pick up Termini Bros for special occasions and celebratory moments. I really miss those days. I'm glad I can still get my Termini Bros fix and revisit those days with their pastries and cannoli. 
Keep it up, Termini family.Stopped in to grab some goodies for my Eagles tailgate. I was greeted by a very helpful young lady who assisted me with my shopping, gathering some cannoli for me and even offering me a taste test of a cookie to help me decide on what else to purchase. Outstanding service to complement a top-notch product.Old fashioned decor, friendly service, celebrities endorsements, ambrosial taste and a parking lot for a bakery! What else?I have received and sent various pastries from Termini Bros before over the mail before. I particularly enjoy their cookies - they go extremely well with coffee or tea. This Summer while on a family trip I made a point to stop by the actual bakery. I was not disappointed. The bakery is well kept and it has that old world charm that comes with age. The staff was extremely friendly and even offered a tour of the bakery once she knew we were from out of town. They have parking available for their customers and this can be an important thing to know... It's a hard thing to find parking in this city. We ordered a couple of boxes of their cookies and a cannoli - all delicious; better than the ones in Boston's North End. They even gave us a couple of free cupcakes for the kids!Just on their cake: We got chocolate chip cake. Very dense cake. Frosting is also dense buttercream. Little too sweet, little too heavy, but I know a lot of people like it. Definitely a heavy hit and definitely for people who like their desserts on heavier side. I love light fluffy chiffon cakes so this cake is the furthest away from my cake ideal. Chocholate chips didn't really add much to the flavor except for the texture (kind of like when you get java chip frappe at starbucks and you love the crunch but can't actually taste the chocolate that well). 
However! It is strangely addictive. I'm biting into it thinking meh I've had better but my hand just keeps shoving the next bite into my mouth. 
So for those you love frostings (I also hate buttercream frostings) and dense, dry-ish, big piece of cake, go for it.This is the same as the other listing - someone should condense these.
The trip to Philly began like any other - gym first thing in the morning, a drive to the airport, a quick 6am flight, and getting checked in at my "hotel" - this time a B+B on south 8th street, a mere block from Termini Brother's famous Pastries.  Despite having an aggressive site seeing and eating agenda I couldn't pass up such an opportunity and decided to start my vacation with a visit.  Entering the small pastry shop I was greeted by two pleasant females and a stern sign telling me "Please do not handle pastries."  Amused I browsed with my eyes while helping myself to some of the samples at the register - a pair of delectable fig and apricot cookies and some chocolate biscotti.
After browsing all the available choices I went with the obvious - two canolli, one with chocolate cream and chopped walnuts and the other with sweet ricotta, chocolate chips, and pistachio.  Paying the modest $6 fee I watched the bakers fill the pastries before the store clerk boxed and tied them with a bow and presented me with a delectable sample of warm cinnamon coffee cake from the kitchen.  
Making my way to the street I quickly dispatched with the bow and after a short debate decided to start with the chocolate canolli.  Featuring a buttery and crisp shell that gave way with an appropriate crunch I was greeted by a light cocoa cream and subtle notes of toasted nuts, light and smooth yet substantial and flavorful.  Impressed I moved on to the ricotta option - the clear cut winner and an absolute must order for any visitor to Philadelphia.  With an equally crispy shell the mildly lemon accented and texturally heterogeneous cheese speckled with nuts and chocolate chips was delightful, albeit significantly heavier than the chocolate cream.  While I cannot say I am a cannoli expert I have had a number in my life and the versions at Termini Brothers were every bit as good as the prior best.Termini Brother's has the absolute best cannoli in the city! I've always gone to the location in South Philly on Packer in the Chickie's and Pete's shopping center. There's nothing better than wasting two days worth of calories on a Chickie's meal followed up by a Termini Brother's cannoli. I highly recommend! I'm not a coffee drinker but got a coffee here before and it was delicious also.If you are looking for truly authentic Italian pastries, Termini Brothers is the place to go.
I would recommend the location in South Philly in the Italian Market to get the whole experience, but it really doesn't matter which location you choose because they are all A-Maaaaazing.  
My last visit was during the Italian Market Festival, so the streets were packed and Termini's had a booth outside as well.  In the booth they could not keep the cannolis "on the shelf" for lack of a better term.  There was a little Italian man furiously squeezing that delicious ricotta cheese into the shells as people were snatching them up left and right.  I love the cannolis with ricotta and chocolate chips, yum!  You really can't go wrong with anything you get at Termini's.Termini's is the place for cannolis. I've had " the best"  of NYC, Jersey, Long Island, and Boston. Termini's are better than all those. But 25 other reviews have already told you that. Cookies are great Italian versions. The cakes, well, honestly, I've had better. But as examples of Italian-American classics, they are damned- good.
But to really experience Termini's go on a Saturday morning or early afternoon in the weeks leading up to Christmas. It will be worth the trip. Nothing rings in the Holidays like a trip to Termini's! By-pass the Reading Terminal booth, and immerse yourself in the ambiance of the original in S. Philly!Everything Ive purchased here has been amazing. Friendly staff. The BEST cannolis! Great selection. Free parking. Everything smells and looks so good you will end up walking out with twice as much as you planned!Walking into Termini's is like stepping into hell!
This is a good thing, though, since everything is soooooo sinfully good. I am uber picky about my baked goods and rarely like to eat any other pastries except for my own, but these are just to die for.
The fruit tarts are my special favorite! I remember the first time I had them: back in my grade school years my mom babysat my neighbor's two youngest children when she was called to work unexpectedly and to say thank you she brought us back a dozen of these tropical looking tart things that I inhaled over the course of the evening. Ever since then you have to keep me away from those fruity goddesses or I will be on the treadmill for a year!
The eclairs and canolis are equally, if not more, sinful. Notice I keep using the word "sinful" because they truly are. Only the devil can think up these hedonistic little bits of mouthwatering orgies! Only he would want us to turn into fat bubbling slobs stuffed with creamy goodness and frosty toppings! Damn you!
Someone I know says that the owners are stuck up assholes but I would be to if I was that good.Great cannolis. The rest of their offerings seem to be a mixed bag. I really liked the cheesecake, but was not a fan or the carrot cake.
A bit of a warning - I once went to the location at Reading Terminal Market and paid with a $20 bill. I only got change back like I paid for a $5, and had to correct her to get my full change. I normally chalk this up to an honest mistake, but the way she reacted to me really make me think that it was intentional (she even brought over another employee over to the register to see if I paid with a $20, but the money was already put away into the drawer so what would the other employee have been able to verify?) Anyway, just make sure you know what you're paying with if you go.This place was recommend to my friends and I when we had a long layover in Philly. The staff was amazing! They answered all our questions as it was our first time visiting. We opted for the carrot cake cupcake and the chocolate chip cookies. Both were good!The best cannolis in Philadelphia!! I've never been to their shop - I just pick them up at Redding Terminal.
WWJD - he would buy his canolis from Termini Brothers, that's what he'd do.
Don't get me started on chocolate chip cannolis - anything but plain is an abomination in my book.
I look forward to every trip to Philadelphia partly because of these incredible cannolis - thanks Termini Brothers!!!The best ,but won't sell cannoli unshelled so if you want to bring to friends the shell will be soggy. You can order on line andnoay shipping.   If you want shells and filling separate go to Potitos at 16th and Ritner.Termimi's is the spot to be! I know the prices can seem a little high but you get what you pay for. My favorite as kid was the cupcake. So Simple but SO tasty! I definitly recommend!To me, this is the best of all of the Termini locations.  Although there is no place to sit, the neighbrhood it is in gives it a true Italian feel. On weekends, there are often musicians inside the front door playing as you browse their aisles of goodness. Samples are abound and you get the one on one attention you deserve. You can't find this at the often busy and understaffed Reading Terminal location, or the corporate feeling Comcast Center location.
Of course the Canollis are the best. My favorite are the ones with chocolate chips, but you have read that in the other reviews here on Yelp. If you get a chance, definitely visit this location!Excellent pastries! I had their Cannoli and Tiramisu. They have a big selection of pastries. Make sure you grab a number. I didn't have to wait too long though.Can I just base my review around the standard-issue Termini staff uniform that is somewhere between cannoli nurse but also closer to actual nurse? I love it! It's so clean, but also makes me feel a false sense of security like I might actually start telling them about my daily migraine headaches (sup with that, anyway?) instead of sticking to my bakery order which, I'm sure, is a migraine headache to them.
The thrill and allure of cannoli has worn off for me. I don't like to brag (I LOVE to brag), but as a lifelong South Philly hoodrat, you kind of ingest your life's worth of cannoli by age three. You are then left, if you're lucky, with years to navigate the baked goods system without ever needing to try another ricotta-filled shell.
I am a sucker for the cakes. Strawberry shortcake? Those shiny, glazy, chocolatey ones? Italian cream? Yes, and forever! There's something special about a Termini's cake that I can only describe as seductive and expensive, much like the best kinds of women. I can say that. I am one. A woman, at least. Not the best kind.
Do yourself a favor and bring a cake, any Termini cake, to someone you love or someone you want to love you back. They're that powerful.I recently ordered a cake for my husband's birthday and it was truly delicious. I'm not even a big cake lover but I had seconds....so yummy. It was vanilla cake with lemon curd filling and vanilla frosting. They let me customize it with the lemon and made it with only a few days notice. Their customer service is top notch....friendly staff and very helpful.Cup cakes are the best love the vanilla yummy the staff is amazing very pleasant and helpful Love the 8th street storeThis used to be one of the best, if not THE best, Italian bakery in Philly. But if the stale cannoli I bought this morning at Reading Terminal Market for $4 is any indication, they have gone downhill. A cannoli shell is supposed to be delicate. Not thick, hard to difficult to chew. Obviously, they are no longer serving freshly made cannoli shells and are storing them for god knows how long. You'll find fresher, better cannoli at Isgro's.Get the cheese cannoli. So good. Like oh-my-god, holy-crap, this is f-in amazing good.They were good at one time I think once the owner passed away it ended everythingExcellent pastries, excellent care, top-notch product and professionalism. A little pricey but still very reasonable considering how strong their product, and customer service to boot, is. Highly recommend them, if you live in Jersey, like I do, or Philly, or are nearby.the cannolis are awesome.  termini even has this pocket pastry with chocolate chip cannoli cream in it.  it's a little rich, so you might want to split it with someone.  i love their vanilla cupcakes with sprinkles.  it's satisfying, but still somewhat light and airy.  the chocolate cupcakes are a little too sweet for my taste.  
oh, their almond horns are really tasty too. if you like marzipan, you'll really like termini's almonds horns.I cannot say enough about this place. The history alone is worth the trip but the pastries are incredible. I had the ricotta cannoli was out of this world. If in philly this is a must go!Their baked goods are great but they try to pressure me into buying more every time I go in there. I just want a cannoli, not a high pressure sales situation.Love all their cakes!!
super yummy and the prices are worth it =)
staff are friendly .
they always offer you samples of their cakeThe best cannoli ever.  This location supplies all their others and when you are in their bakery you feel like you have stepped back in time.  Sinatra music, a beautiful tin ceiling, and a classic old cash register. The desserts were amazing, cannoli, chocolate covered bananas, pecan chocolate bars, cupcakes.  You can't go wrong.BEST CANNOLIS EVER! The one in Washington Twp. Nj and RTM are just as good!  They do funny things to me those cannolis! Wooohoooo!Wonderful cakes. I love the fact that they make small sizes (as oppose to having to buy a full sized cake). I ordered the mini tiramisu and was delighted by its taste! It had a strong coffee flavor and was super moist. Highly recommend making room for this place.This place is legendary. 
A staple in Philadelphia history with so many different sweet treats to choose from. The staff is always friendly and considerate, plus they are always giving out free samples. (It just makes you get more!!!)
As soon as you step in front of the store, you can smell the fresh baked goodness. 
If there is one thing that is the quintessential Philadelphia dessert in my opinion, it is hands down the Cannoli at Termini's. 
I took my girlfriend from out of town because she has never even had a cannoli. She didn't think it was going to be as good as I claimed, but now she is hooked!
Always a repeat customer!Termini's will always have my heart as well as my stomach.  Since I was a wee sprat we always got our special holiday treats here -- cannoli for a family party or gingerbread ladies on a trip to the city before Christmas. 
The aroma of the bakery precedes the sight of the old-school Art Nouveau neon sign, directing you inside where stern signs warn you not to touch anything.  A white-coated lady will fill your box with cookies, biscotti, sfogliatelle (clamshell pastry) and finally, freshly-filled cannolli.  Ricotta cannoli are the only kind we get -- I never was into the pastry cream type. 
If you are seeking classic, not-too-sweet Italian cookies, the amaretti, taralli and pine nut cookies are wondrous.  Termini will even package cannoli for travel, and send you on your way with an expertly packaged box of shells, and the loaded pastry bags to fill them. They even ship this setup, chilled, across the USA.Year after year, Termini doles out the world's best cannoli, period, end of story. To the Italian bakeries of Boston's North End, my condolences.I'm giving Termini's an extra star. I still stand by my price concerns, but after my review they contacted me, explained some of the cost-quality issues, and offered to give my daughter and I a "behind the scenes" tour!  You can't ask for better service.I loved the huge sign on the building, the art deco front door and the old world vibe of the place!  When you come inside the baked goods a lined up in the cases and in the middle aisle of the store as shown in the pictures.  It's pretty impressive.
We stopped in to get several things for a party.  Of all the things we had I'd have to say the cannolis were some of the best I've ever had!  Jam packed with that creamy cheese and the shell was nice and fresh.  Good thing I don't live here by or I would be a frequent visitor!Honestly, I prefer the Termini Brothers location in the Comcast Center. There's no etiquette about handling the pastries because they're all in plastic cases already, there's no burly women scolding customers, it's never eerily empty, and what's with the $20.00 box of cookies? Okay, so maybe they're worth it, and maybe the burly woman is part of the South Philly charm of the place, but still. I don't buy it. The cannolis are good, but I think I may have OD'ed on them this year, much like how I OD'ed on Oatmeal Cream Pies in 2004 and haven't been able to look at one since. 
I was going to go with two stars, but I tacked another one on because when I walked in they were playing that Andrea Bocelli song that Carmela Soprano was constantly listening to, and that Will Ferrell sang at the Catalina Wine Mixer at the end of Step Brothers and I am always tickled pink when I hear that song.Not 24/7!!!!  Closes at 7 most nights.
I'm a cheapskate, but I recognize when something's worth a splurge.  Ricotta cannoli are totally worth the $4.South Philly at its best!
Fresh Pitzelles worth every penny. Canolis to die for. I'm not much of a cake guy, but the wife and daughter love the cakes here as well.
It's tough to be in depth because it's literally just really really great food. The staff is friendly and always happy to be there. Do yourself a favor and check this place out.Absolutely the best pastries I have ever had...anywhere. Yesterday we stopped by for the St. Joseph Day pastries and they were amazing. Furthermore I served them 6 hours later and they were still amazing on a damp and rainy day. That is is fresh quality baking.Five stars for the cakes I always order, four stars for the service. They make the best cakes for any occasion. My first visit was rather unpleasant, the people weren't too friendly. But the second visit was wonderful. In essence every visit should be a good experience. Otherwise overall a great place!On a day off from work I found myself driving aimlessly through South Philly, and at one point noticed a large, lumbering building on my left as I drove along S. Eighth St. The name jumped off the building at me, probably for all the times I've seen their logo at Reading Terminal Market.
So I peeked in and asked a nice lady behind the counter, "What's good?" She told me they were famous for their cannoli, which they had in three flavors. I took two of each. 
When she presented these mammoth pastries to me in a neat little box and asked if I wanted powdered sugar, I wasn't sure and asked her for her take on the situation. The other gal working chimed in, saying I needed the full experience if it was my first visit. "It's like lipstick on a pretty girl," she told me. Love it.
We ate the cannoli for dessert a few hours later, and without question, they were the best cannoli I've ever tasted. Of the three flavors, the creamy vanilla cream with chocolate chips was my favorite, but from top to bottom this was an amazing pastry experience.
And thanks again to the gals inside for their impeccable directions to John's Roast Pork. I'll be back, I promise.Went in here to get some cannolis! Even though they were packed, Victoria took great care of me and my friends! Wonderful customer service! Best cannolis I've ever had! They even gave me the shells and filling separately so they wouldn't go soggy before I served them. Big hit at Christmas!my family has been going here since 1923 when they came from Calabria and we have never went anywhere since because there is no need too.  Ive tried isgros but the shell at isgros tastes too "doughnut sweet" for me. they are ok though.  4th generation terminis customer and will continue to be.  the flagship store on 8th is the place to go though, a little bit fresher thereTermini's is indeed a Phlly institution, and its pastries are, for the most part, very good. Not the best in the city, but very good. And the place is cool-looking, and the staff friendly. The problem is its prices border on ridiculous. Was passing by, and thought I'd stop in to grab something, as I hadn't been in a long while. The cost for 2 pastries -- not cakes, but normal-aized pastries -- was $9. Really? There are places within 10 blocks where you can get double that or more for the same price. Were the pastries good? Absolutely. Will I be going back to Termini's or recommending it to others? Don't think so. Not until they adjust their prices.