Excellent food. Friendly service and kind owners. Must visit.  The brother/sister owner were kind in making suggestions, serving with a smile. They offered us a hot sauce that indeed was home made and hot! A delightful evening of good food and friendship.this is my new go-to thai place. closer to my place than erawan, and waaaay cheaper. everything was delicious, but the drunken noodles and red curry were especially good. my only word of advice is to pay attention when you're rung up. something got lost in translation when the woman behind the counter was tallying the bill, and she tacked on about ten bucks. still, easily fixed with a bit of patience.Quick, delicious, affordable thai food!
lunch - get the steam table, you can get a mix of a lot of stuff like pad thai, fried rice, chicken curry, tofu, shrimp, etc. for $6 or $7. great deal. 
The pad thai was a bit average i thought.. not amazing but the rest was good. 
next time i really wanna try the drunken noodles (which is how i usually judge a thai spot)Ordered Thai basil rice with chicken to go. What I received was a container of white rice with the chicken in a separate container. It was more like curry chicken. Very disappointing. 
The old lady who took my order was very pleasant and she told me that they had given me extra chicken. A kind gesture, but not worth much given how dry the meat was. 
Won't return. 2 stars mainly for the price and the friendly lady.Not bad for the price, though can be a hit or miss depending on the day. I've tried their Pad Thai, and found it a bit sweet, but their Tom Yum was good. The basil chicken has differed in taste and consistency depending on the day.GREAT take out Thai joint! 
It is not the best Thai food that I've ever had, but for the price and convenience, it can't be beat. 
I usually order in advance and pick up my order in 15 to 20 minutes. My go-to dishes are the red curry with chicken and pork pad Thai. Generous lunch portions for 7.50!$7 for more food than you can finish. Their Pad Thai and two sides has to be one of the best deals in the area. Try the crispy fish!Can't go wrong with this hole in the wall lunch spot.  Basic thai options for a quick and cheap lunch in the city.Best lunch $6 can buy in the area.  They usually have 4 or 5 options and you can combine them all.  I get pad thai with shrimp and curry chicken.  The staff are all super sweet!!!Good Thai place- I tried tofu drunken noodles and got a solid meal for 7 bucks; however, nothing out of the ordinary from what you'd expect at a decent Thai restaurant. You can't go wrong with this place for lunch, but I would say more like 3.5 stars, at least until I come back and try something else to see what all the rave reviews are about.Had lunch here while visiting the city.  I had the pad Thai and the chicken red curry.  Both were great!  I got a drink and my total lunch bill was 7 bucks.  The nice family behind the counter brought out another dish of pad Thai as a gift for us tourists.  Great food, great service, and great prices.Let it be known that I am basing this review on a $3 container of takeout soup - the coconut lemongrass which was supposed to be spicy but was not.  I asked for it with chicken which tasted bland - as if it were boiled in water, sliced, and placed in the soup afterward so that it was fully cooked but not tender.   The place is so tiny that there are just four stools along the window and you have to pass your container over the counter to dispose of it.  I cannot imagine that they have a restroom for patrons.  Yes, it is inexpensive and in center city but other than that I don't think it has any redeemable characteristics.Terrible, terrible, terrible. How could you not make any dish with steamed tofu! Surprised this place as four star reviews; Philly residents clearly do not know their Thai food.Great prices for good, quick food. I got a wonton soup, and may I suggest you wait twenty minutes before eating, because I burned my entire mouth, and it was sore for about two days. It was kind of worth it though, because the soup was delicious!Great for a quick, cheap lunch! I got the $6 special from the steam table: white rice, cashew chicken (I think?) and red curry chicken. It was delicious and just a little spicy. I chose white rice instead of the pad thai because of the Yelp reviews, but I might need to try it for myself next time. 
For $6 you can't beat it!The food was out fast, was delicious, and the service was good. what else do you need?BEST drunken noodles EVER. I often have cravings & dream about it even though I've moved to Manhattan. I used to go here every other week. Haven't found any that has compared since! The family that owns Thai Singha To Go are very sweet & kind. Food is cooked impressively fast & well priced. This place is a must!For all the amazing reviews, I thought this place would have been amazing, but it isn't. The owners/workers are extremely nice, but the food is just bleh! I had the red curry with chicken. Normally, red curry has a little kick to it, but this one had none. Also, it lacked so much flavor. All that was in this dish was tons of bamboo (which I do love), chicken, and some measly pieces of red pepper. Where's the rest of the veggies?? Maybe they didn't want to add the veggies in it bc it might overcook it bc it is just sitting in a warmer (the curry was premade), but there's no excuse for the lack of flavor in a dish that should be a staple of thai.
My friend ordered the pad see ewe and it was just ok (I had some of it). It was a little too sweet for my taste and they also seemed like they burnt it (maybe the eggs). Some bites had some major char taste to it which was totally unappetizing. 
I don't think I will be back at all. I rather just walk a few more blocks and order thai elsewhere. Totally dissappointed! If it wasn't for how nice they are there, they would only receive 1 star.Best taste and value for your lunch dollar. I've been going there since they opened. The $6 hot table Is great everything is fresh.  The staff is friendly. This is my go to place!  It has a small counter but must of the business is take out.I had lunch here when I was working around Rittenhouse Square. It was good price only $6 for lunch box. You will never find any lunch box even cheaper than that ever.The Rittenhouse area has been lacking in good, affordable Thai takeout for a long time, and this place fills that gap perfectly.
Things I think yall should know:
I'm partial to the spicy basil tofu and drunken noodles. 
The Thai iced tea comes in a can, but it's drinkable. Mostly.
Lunchtime portions are enough to eat twice - great value for $7.Continuing my search for great Thai in CC W of Broad...
I'm so glad this small outpost of Thai Singha House opened East of the Schuylkill!  I've only tried one dish - the red curry with tofu - and it was delicious!  My dish was made-to-order in the open air kitchen while I waited in the tiny seating area.
The curry sauce was light, with a great blend of coconut milk and spice and there were plenty of bamboo shoots & vegetables in the dish.  The dinner portion was large enough for 2 meals and came with a heaping pile of steamed white rice.
I was dissapointed that tofu costs more than chicken (as much as shrimp), but priced at under $10 I shouldn't complain.
I will definitely be back to try more.Got some takeout here the other day for my boyfriend and his family. My boyfriend and I split the shrimp pad thai, which was plenty of food for both of us, and we got the garlic with veggies and tofu for his dad and chicken pad thai for his mom. Everyone was happy with their meals, and the portions were pretty large for only $10. When we picked up our dinner, the staff (possibly the owners?) were very friendly. They told me about their lunch specials and wanted me to come back if I liked the food. I did like it, so I'll definitely be back :)Introduced to this place by a coworker, and so glad she shared! During the lunch hours they have a steam table where a 2 choice combo cost $6.00. Includes white or fried rice. I always go for the white rice, red curry chicken and spicy tilapia route. Haven't been disappointed yet. 
This place is pretty small, there is a counter up aginst the window with some stools but its pretty much a take and go joint.  What I really love about this place is the people who work there are so friendly, always making sure they say hi and bye to you. 
So if you get a chance to go in, say hi and bye to the people at Thai Singha House.Wha?!  Reasonably priced yet sensibly delicious thai food?  That's just crazy.  So crazy that it might work!This place has solid Thai food on campus. They have nice lunch special meals.
I was very disappointed ordering their BBQ chicken once, as it was not what I was expecting. They were large meats still attached to bone. 
I like their satay chicken and their fried tofu appetizers.One of the best places to eat in the city! If I ever have friends or family visiting, this is where I take them, whether we're in the mood for Thai or not. I've never had anything bad here, EVER, and the people are the some of the nicest I've ever met. The duck curry is unbelievable... ask for it a little extra spicy!Average food and cheap too. I had the drunken noodles with shrimp, the container was crammed full of perfectly cooked rice noodles coated in a spicy chili sauce. I typically like my drunken noodles with lots of veggies, and this was a disappointment since it was 97% noodles, 3% veggies. It only had tomato and a few strands of onions. Where is the broccoli and carrots? It had a good number of shrimp, 6 or so. I think there are better Thai delivery spots. I would eat here again but would try something else.I am so sad I just found about this place as I was graduating. For $7.50 (including tip), I had the most delicious bowl of drunken noodles I've had in my life. Spicy but not enough to overpower it. I was impressed by how quick the service was-within a few minutes, about 5 of us had ordered and received our food.I stopped into Thai Singha during my lunch break one day.  Everything looked delicious but I decided to try the bamboo shoot dish.  I asked them to make it very spicy.  I always ask this but most places seem to think I'm joking and barely add spice.  I can say this meal was one of the spiciest of my life.  I literally had to take breaks every few bites because my face was red, I was drenched in sweat and my nose was running a dang marathon.  It was so delicious I couldn't stop despite the heat and pain!  I will definitely be trying these guys out again.  Delicious food!Another lunch staple for anyone that works in Center a city. This tiny kitchen makes wholesome and inexpensive noodles. I recommend the drunken noodles (veggie w. crispy tofu) over the pad thai, but it's all good.Affordable, fast service, and yet delicious. I love the drunken noodle and silver noodles and the shrimp dumplingsI have two passions in life: food and being cheap. As you can guess, my opposing loves always come to a head during lunch time in center city. 
Thai Singha House To Go is one of the few places in center city where I can actually get a tasty and satisfying meal while only shelling out minimal cash. Even better, they take credit cards. Their lunch special includes rice and two dishes in one happy little bowl. Want pad thai AND red curry? be that guy. and be that guy for only $6. 
I have yet to consume all this deliciousness in one sitting, meaning I usually end up with TWO lunches for $6. 
A $3 lunch in the city?? My bank account just did a little dance.I've had the spicy drunken noodles with chicken and the pad see uie with chicken. Both are $6.95 and totally worth it. I order it at 1:30, get there at 1:45 and the food is hot and ready to go. I don't know if they make the call-in orders fresh or what, but I've never had food that seemed to have sat out. And the drunken noodle has the spicy flavor that I love. Now, of course the food isn't on the same par as dine-in thai joints, but this is speedy takeout and you really can't compare it with the two. I'm always satisfied with my buys and never hungry after.This is my go-to thai take-in spot.  Love their drunken noodles, pad thai is tasty and they don't taint it with soy sauce (ew).  Delivery is fast and efficient.  Seems like real-deal thai - none of this Asian-fusion-chinese-like thai places that I see popping up.  Two enthusiastic "I'm not cooking tonight" thumbs up!3.5 stars
Sometimes, you just crave stir-fry noodles with that unmistakable Thai flavors. But, you're feeling lazy. It might be the weather, or you might have just had / are having a crap day at work...whatever the reason, you just don't want to gussy up, wait for a table and make polite convo with your server.
This is where Thai Singha House To Go comes to the rescue (ok but seriously, the name is entirely too long). You can drop in, grab a yummy/cheap/huge portion of noodles - and don't forget the friend shrimp rolls - and veg out in front of the TV. It's ok, pop open that bottle of wine for yourself. It'll be a great evening in.I wish I lived near here so I could eat this more often. I got the chicken fried rice and it was just as expected. They gave me amazing thai food! There isn't much selection, but there doesn't need to be. 
The staff were very nice too and they have us some sweet clementines before we left. I cannot wait to go here againtotally decent thai food at a totally decent price. fast, convenient, tasty, mega portions, and friendly service. everything u could want in a random to-go place in rittenhouse.Is it quick? Very. One degree less than lightning.
Cheap? Six bucks for lunch - I'd say so.
Lots of food? OH GOSH YES.
Token cute elderly Asian woman? Checkaroo.
...but is the food good?...
...not so much. The idea of take out Thai food is so great in theory but doesn't really work so well in practice (unless you are that place in Reading Terminal which is so good it doesn't make sense). The food tastes like it has been sitting there for a while (because it has). The pad thai noodles are soggier than I would like them to be, and because it is not made to order, everything is severely devoid of spice. The red curry was also quite bland, lacking in flavor with pretty low grade chicken and vegetables that did not taste fresh.
But if you don't put a ton of weight on the quality of your Thai food and just want a lot to eat RIGHT NOW, then Thai Singha House To Go is your spot.One of the best lunch specials in the city($8), and they have so many options to mix and match that change daily. Family owned, amazing and quick service. They always remember you and your order. Everyone I know in the area gets heir lunch special at least 3x a week. Do it.I often find myself indebted to friends. My lack of hosting skills inevitably means I consume more meals and glasses of wine than I give, tilting the balances of social justice. Results of my cooking are more difficult to swallow than raw cactus dipped in molasses, so picking up some Singha House for dinner is a perfect solution. Dinner entrees don't match the cheap lunch in price, but they are fresh and filling. One can be enough for two people, but I am American so I need one just for me. 
I simply cannot describe how amazing the drunken noodles are, particularly compared to anything at Erawan, at Smile Cafe, or at any other mediocre Thai place people mention loving to express that they are cultured. Other noodle dishes are also spot on. It's simply delicious, easy, and spot on every time.
Fortunately, it is so small others understand when you cannot remember the name. When a friend, who I have just paid back a social debt to with some pad see ew, asks where I got it from, I always say, "ummm, some hole in the wall on 20th," typically leaving said friend in the dark about the exact place. Let's keep it our secret.The owners are some of the friendliest people I know. They always remember us, our favorite orders and even wave hello when they see us on the street. I happy to support this business. The pad thai is great, the pad see iue and the drunken noodles are so delicious! They are on our speed dial for take out!drunken man noodle is delish and decent for the price. Also, they are super fast.3.5, rounded up to 4 for the really really delicious drunken noodles! another regular order is the chicken basil. 
not everything here is good, but its consistently tasty, quick and cheap, the people who work here are abrupt, but very nice.While I'm somewhat ashamed to admit it, I've been completely obsessed with the red curry chicken and ordered 1-2 times/week for the last 3 months. It's just so spicy and delicious!   The food is fresh with authentic flavors.  The crab dumplings are a must, also I love the drunken noodles with shrimp and lemongrass soup.  Best thai in town, super cheap and fast to-go!  It can't be beat.So I usually try to eat at a place a couple of times before reviewing it so just keep in mind I can't recommend anything but the Pad Thai. But as for that, it's great. Don't expect anything fancy but the noodles are cooked well, there isn't any soy sauce (which there shouldn't ever be and with my soy allergy is an essential) and the peanut and shrimp to noodle ratio is great. Nice big fresh shrimp, not the dinky fake frozen kind you sometimes get. Definitely worthwhile and nice and quick. Also, the portion was a great size (even though it doesn't look like much at first) so I ended up with two meals for the one order! Always exciting.Currently eating my Red Curry Tofu I grabbed for lunch. Its conveniently located in Center City and its quick! I ordered there and walked out in less than 10 minutes. I also really appreciated that when I asked for tofu, they confirmed that I wanted a vegetarian dish. Its huge portion will also make this my dinner, only for $7.50. No complaints here.This place is amazing for cheap, delicious thai food. While the pad-thai isn't my favorite here, I love the soups and the rice dishes. It's not really a place to sit down in but for takeout it's great for the price.This place is the size of my living room but cranks out some of the best lunch specials around. They have a small menu that is reasonably priced, but everyday they have a selection of steam table dishes that you can get for only $6. They always have pad thai, so you can get your entree over that or rice. It's not the best thai food i've had in Philly, but for $6 it will certainly do. One exception: the lemongrass soup. They make it fresh in small batches right when you order, and it's phenomenal. The staff is also super friendly too!I went with coworkers for a quick and cheap lunch.  Can't beat $6 for their lunch special.  Loved the pad thai, curry and chicken I got.  The food was flavorful and the noodles were just right.  Quick and friendly service!  I recommend it if you're craving Thai food but you're on a budget.Only Delivers after 4pm, Only Takes Visa and Amex, Only Open weekdays, Onlyhas bottled coke products and cans of juice/tea from "foco" which seems to be a pretty big importer.
All that being said, In the 2 years I've worked in the area, and a few years prior when I was taking summer art workshops, hands-down favorite lunch source.
I usually order by phone and orders are ready for pickup within 5-10minutes, depending on whether you order from their $6.95 lunch options or the rest of the menu. The difference - popular items like the Pad Thai and Curry are kept in heated trays and other stuff is whipped up when ordered. Everything is still super fresh, regardless.
My favorites are Drunken Noodles and Lad Na, both regular lunch options. Lad Na must be the Thai equivalent of Campbell chicken and stars, because it really hits the spot on cold or rainy days when you just want to curl up but can't cause it's 1:30 in the afternoon and you're at work. both dishes feature Chow Fun - wide, sticky rice noodles that don't keep well as leftovers.
The topper - service is always top-notch. the older woman who seems to be in charge is patient and attentive and seems to run a tight ship. Today when I couldn't pick up my order for 30min because I had an unexpected rush at work, they put it in a spare heating tray and kept it warm until I got there.
This place has my eternal love and fealtyTreat yourself, with something from south east Asia!. Know as Thai Cuisine?. Eat in or take out it's up to you!. A hole in the wall!.i have finally found decent take out thai food near my office.  the portions are gigantic, and the steam tray lunch special ($6 for your choice of 2 offerings from the steam tray over rice) is a great deal.  i used my drunken noodle test annd it was made as i waited-- loaded with fried tofu, red pepers, cabbage, broccoli, snow peas, and basil.  it was incredibly spicy (how i like it), not greasy, and the best i've had this side of broad street.The food here is certainly delicious, but the people who work there/own the place are so genuinely friendly that they would make you want to keep going back even if it wasn't.  A+ for great takeout, whether for lunch or dinner.Don't be deceived by the outside or indoor decor, the food here is excellent and made-to-order. I did not phone in advanced and watched the two cooks make everything fresh. 
Drunken noodles are pretty unparalleled, and the portion size is significant compared to some of the other Thai competition in the area. If you're looking for something more sit down in the area, I would either suggest Erawan Thai Cuisine or Jasmine Rice. However, if you want something cheap and are looking to take away, definitely give this place a shot.We ordered pad thai and pad see ew at approximately 6:40, for delivery. Wow. Food arrived at 6:59. Generous portions. Really good. It was no Bangkok House (see my other review) but a perfect choice when the craving calls.literally NEVER OPEN WHEN THEY SAY THEY ARE. I'm tired of it. I have never had their food because every time I go, even though their hours say they should be open, they just aren't. lazy lazy people never show up to work. Hate y'all. Go out of business ASAPI wish I could make it here for the lunch deal.  I picked up some food for dinner and I didn't find it to be any cheaper than another thai place I enjoy going too.  The food was good but if i were to compare, I've had better.  I'd still be willing to try it again.This place doesn't look like much, it's easy to walk by and miss on the way to Tinto or Village Whiskey. I only tried it at the recommendation of a friend. I ordered the drunken noodle, it was delicious. Great place for a quick meal, will definitely get take out again. Dinner portion was generous.Wow, wow, wow! I feel so lucky that this is right around the corner from my house.
I stopped in to this small kitchen last night around 9pm and ordered a monster load of Thai food for my friends and I after City Sips. Needless to say, we were starving and needed some serious chow down time. The service was friendly and super fast! The quality amazing and the price so cheap. How is this place real life?
Favorites:
Crab Dumplings for days
Drunken Noodles w/ Shrimp
Pineapple fried rice w/ Chicken
Crispy Duck Curry: but really any of the curry the sauce is so, so good.
Happy eatings! I will be back again and again and again!I had the pad thai. It was a hearty portion but it didn't have quite the taste I like out of pad thai. I haven't been back.I've been to this restaurant several times when i worked in the city and was always happy with the food.
The prices are extremely reasonable and won't break the bank.The history of this place is so fascinating. This was originally Thai Singha House, then it changed into Pho Express for a hot second, and now it's back to Thai Singha House Express. Interesting. I think it's owned by an Asian couple right now, and I really hope that it sticks and stays. The level of hospitality they had was so nice, even offering free samples. You can tell that they care a lot about their food. No frills, cheap Thai food. The only bummer is that they don't have any Thai iced tea. Maybe in the future, hopefully.Their food is pretty good, but I feel like their cooking could be done a little better. We had the green curry chicken, and I had the pad thai. For appetizer, we had calamari which was really not fresh... that was a huge disappointment since it was super limpy and oily. Otherwise the entrees were good, but seemed like they're almost as good as boxed instant Thai food, just a little more freshly made. I don't think I'd personally come back, but it's okay for lunch with colleagues or friends when you're in the area.I may have just found my new favorite lunch on the go spot!
Thai isn't so easy to come by in downtown Philadelphia, and this place hits the spot. Stopped in here when a craving for drunken noodles could no longer be kept at bay. 
Great lunch specials and a hot and spicy kick that even had MY eyes watering a bit (FYI - I am a self proclaimed queen of fiery food) so that's really saying something.
Fast weekday lunch spot, so although the line out the door might be decieving, this place is quick, fabulous and affordable.I decided to go here on a whim and a huge craving for some Thai food on my lunch break. This place isn't bad. I liked the crab wontons, but I was not a huge fan of the Pad Thai. I like a very classic Pad Thai and I felt that it was a little dry. Now for being a small to-go and not a restaurant, it wasn't bad. The staff was very friendly as well.2.5 stars, but my general rule is to round down if the current star rating is higher than my own rating, and to round up if the current start rating is lower than my rating.
This place is cheap, I'll give it that.  The two ladies there were very friendly, and seemed like honest, hard-working folks.  The lady who took our order was so smiley and nice!
The food, while cheap, was only ok.  The pad see ui (or however they spelled it--they spelled nearly everything differently than how I'm used to seeing it) was fine--i wouldn't say it was amazing, but it wasn't bad either.  The drunken noodles were a severe disappointment--they tasted like microwaved rice noodles with hot sauce.  It was incredibly one-dimensional--and I was hoping to get a little complexity--a taste of basil, something...anything else!  
Side note--they put the rice noodles in little plastic baggies...then when you order, they stick the whole plastic bag into the microwave (to heat up the noodles more quickly, I presume), before dumping the noodles into the wok with the other stuff.  My husband and I are not fans of microwaving any sort of plastic...so this sort of got on our nerves.
I'm hoping this was an off day--our motto is that every place deserves a second chance (unless we get sick, then second chance rescinded).  We'll give this place a second chance, but so far, i'm not impressed...Thanks to the yelp reviews, I decided to check out Thai Singha House To Go for my workday lunch.  This place is fantastic!  For $6, you get 2 entrees and steamed rice or lo mien.  You can even do 1/2 rice 1/2 lo mien.  Although this eatery is a fast pick up and take out place, the food is restaurant quality -- no Panda Express here!  When I order Asian, I usually like to share/split dishes with others for more variety.  Picking up food for one during lunch does not offer that option.  However, at Singha house, one take out container held rice, lo mein, chicken with red curry sauce and basil chicken.  They even gave me crushed peanuts and red hot sauce on the side.  Everything was great but the red curry could use a touch more flavor.  They serve a large quantity of food--you will leave full, promise! Also, the people who work there are very friendly!  Will return :-)Pros: 
-call in or order there, they cook it fresh and fast. 
-they are actually Thai people who are the cooks, kind of reminds me of my mom and aunts/uncles in the kitchen cooking. Anyways, authentic Thai people means I can order things not on the list and they know what it is and will make it! 
-Ask for the sticky rice and mango and they will make it for you! Sooooo good! 
-The prices are mediocre. With 2 entrees and a dessert the price was close to $25. 
-I had the shrimp fried rice which lasted me for dinner and lunch the next day! So delicious! 
-This is now my Go-To Thai Take Out! 
Cons: 
-If you understand cheap Thai food for take out, then there will be no problems with this place.Quintessential hole-in-the-wall stirring up some of the best Pad Thai in Philly. Quick; made-to-order; reasonably priced and delicious. Perfect take-out spot after getting off the bus on Chestnut on the way home.I really liked the pad thai and drunken noodles a lot.... both chicken and shrimp.  Only reason I took off 1 star is because I didn't really like the Chicken and Shrimp cashew, that's supposed to be a chefs special.  wayyyyy too many cashews and too little flavor.  Will still eat there just as often as I always do, but will stick to the noodle dishes, yum.I would eat here everyday if I could. Great food, friendly staff.Very good quick, cheap Thai food. There are only four stools by the window for restaurant dining. I ordered the drunken noodles and they did not disappoint. Very large portion, nicely spiced with the right amount of vegetables.
I'm sure it is a BYOB, just don't tell them.The price and quality of the food are both decent. If you are looking for a quick, easy lunch on the go this place is perfect. I wouldn't come here if I was looking to treat myself to a great Thai meal.
The drunken noodles lacked both veggies and taste. The noodles were fine- but were missing that strong basil-y sauce that Drunken Noodles usually have. The portion of both noodles and chicken were good for the price (around $8 for lunch), but this dish doesn't deserve more than a 3- star rating.I've been here twice.  Very fast, very friendly, but not very tasty.  I want to give them another shot, but I just can't.  They are too generous with the rice and too stingy with the curries/proteins.  It's just lackluster, uninspired Thai.  Ordering something that is cooked just for you is probably the better bet, but it's going to cost more and take longer than the steam table.  
For fast, inexpensive take out that won't make you feel like you wasted your money, hit up the Thai space in Reading Terminal.  They aren't very friendly, but if I'm going to pay for either a heartfelt smile or a delicious meal... it's gotta be the meal!I really hope this isn't the best Thai food in Philly. Maybe quick and inexpensive but ehhhhh, is it a worthy sacrifice  for flavor? Hopefully it was an off day. 
The spring rolls I had were nicely placed on a garnish of tomato and lettuce,  there was considerable crisp wrapper involved compared to the filling which was bland and lacking variety. 
The lemon grass soup was pleasantly chuck full of mushrooms but the preprepped chicken was terribly dry. There was no heat nor much lemon grass flavor, there were a few sprigs of cilantro. 
Ginger with tofu was really saucy and had abundant julienned fresh ginger. It was a flavorful dish.
I was excited about pad thai and then the complete opposite of excitement set in. I know it's not a saucy dish but there was nearly dry. Overly fish sauced and minimal tamarind resulted in blah which didn't help that my tofu was a bit burned and that chared taste resonated through the dish. 
Would I eat the left overs sure, would I try a different dish sure, would I toute it as the best in Philly?
The steaming lunch options seem like a great deal and the man at the counter was quite friendly.Stopped here for the first time today, had drunken noodles with shrimp: was mostly noodles, definitely could have had more veggies and shrimp for the price.  I always feel a little ripped off by noodle dishes and this was no execption.  I wouldn't rush back, especially now that I've discovered Circles.My hubby always laughs about my life in Philly.  I never go more than two blocks for dinner.   Now, I can add a fabulous little Thai place to my choices!
If I am not mistaken, this previously was Gianna Jr's location.  This is the third outpost for the Thai Singha chain.
I tried the lemongrass soup with chicken for lunch on Wednesday.  $2.50 for a large takeout container.  Perfect for the rainy  weather that permeated our city for days on end.
Then, I went back for Pad Thai the next night for dinner.  I wanted to get a little more adventurous, but I was just tired, hungry, and did not want any surprises.  Super huge dinner portion; enough to feed two people if you add soup or a salad or just one very hungry person.   I like having leftovers for lunch, so this made me happy.   Just under $10.
A luncheon size is also listed on the menu.
Every order is made to order.   The open kitchen (actually, you pretty much stand in the kitchen!) makes it easy to see how hard the chef is working to make your dish quickly!
There is a steam table for $6 during lunch hours (I think 11-3) for those in a hurry.
The word is getting out!   I ran into neighbors on both visits.
Basic menu.  Will have to try everything.I've been coming here at least once a week since they opened and it's still just as good as day 1.  The lunch deal can't be beat ($6 for two food choices).  I normally go with the spicy tilapia and green beans and chicken basil, but their sweet and sour chicken and red curry is also quite good.  They are very nice and friendly here and I've never been met with anything but a smile when I walk in the door.  
Their dinner prices are also very good, but the bang-for-your-buck factor is not as high as lunch.  One of my favorite lunch places in the area.Thai Singha House Express is my go-to when I'm working from home since it's a 5-minute walk from me.  There are a couple of seats inside, but I always take away. I've ordered drunken noodles and other dishes before, but it's best to just choose from the options they have ready because those are better. It's consistently delicious and under $10 making it a great option, especially since I always have leftovers. They also change up what they have depending on the day of the week, so it never gets boring. The people working there are always sweet and helpful. Don't skip this spot despite its modest and unassuming sign and storefront! The best lunch deal around!