I have been in and out of West Philly since about 2008, so I have seen this building in it's last 3 (..3 1/2) incarnations. RX was bangin'. RX under the second owners was meh. Il Rimedio was pretentious, overly expensive and honestly not that great.  I am really happy about The Farmacy for a number of reasons:
1. Local/Farm to Table/Organic/All that Good Stuff
2. No Pretense
3. TASTY breakfast potatoes... seriously. New potatoes with crispy skins. SO GOOD.
4. The ambiance is super cute. I love the new paint job and all of the foliage. It also seems like they fit more tables in there than RX and Rimedio... but it's not cramped at all. Just an excellent use of space.
5. I love supporting businesses in the 'hood. If it were up to me, I'd never venture east of the Schuylkill.
The fiance and I had a mid-week Brunch there last week when I was on vacation. We were the only people in there (it was 11:30am on a Wednesday, most people have jobs I suppose) but we felt welcomed and very well tended to.
Coffee was decent and quickly refilled, which seriously my fave part about a brunch. I had the Eggs Benny, which was solid - yolks were fantastically runny. But those potatoes really blew my mind. The man had the omelet of the day- which I think was cheddar and kale. He loved it - said the cheddar was delicious. Service was friendly and efficient.
It's super nice to have a nice brunch spot around the corner from my house. We will certainly have to check it out for dinner sometime soon.  They have these great sounding artisan mixers on their menu. I'd love to bring a bottle, some friends and make of a night out of it!Food is delectable. Everything I have ordered has been fresh, cooked just right, and tasty. Outside seating when it's nice out and byob. Juices are good. Can be a bit of a wait on nice weekend mornings. Highly recommend.The staff was attentive and courteous. Really good food, I had fantastic tomato basil soup and scrambled eggs w/cabbage which didn't know was a thing but liked a lot. Will be coming back for smores french toast.  I don't love the theme of this place especially because it's a bit on the expensive side (for me) but then instead of giving you a legit glass of water they give you a jar. Also they let in a cat a couple of times which I'm sure is not sanitary lolGood food, small portions, overpriced meal. We got there right when it opened so there was no wait and only a few other parties there. We got the Huevos Rancheros and build-your-own Eggs Benedict. Both were very tasty but the portions were somewhat small for the price. I'm not sure if I would go back, but you would definitely do worse if you are looking for brunch in the west Philly areaWent with my roommate for brunch. The decor is like a mothers kitchen, so that makes it cozy. It's a small space so be kind and don't come with a group of 20. I had the country skillet that comes with the day's veggies and their potatoes underneath. Add meat for $3 which I found annoying because I didn't think it was $3 worth. Share the pastry basket! We had creme brûlée butter that was delicious. 
3/5 for price and the size of the space.Excellent food and service and lots of options for breakfast! Great bread baskets too and would recommend for weekend brunch!I would say that this place is pretty cool - very hipster and the food is locally sourced. It's a bit on the pricey side for the food in my opinion. Got the chicken and waffles, but the chicken's breading was too thick (I would know, I'm from the South) so while decent, it wasn't the best chicken and waffles I've ever had. The cheesy grits with shrimp was really good though.I was not impressed with the country skilled eggs. On the menu is says veggies but they had only corn in it, the menu outside had one price for that dish and inside was more expensive, however they didn't honor the advertised price. They charge $3 for a few slices of bread. the portions are not very bigStandard brunch. Pretty good, nothing particularly special. A bit of a wait (30 min or so) on weekendsGood service & good food! Waiter was very friendly & the purple carrot bread was delicious. Only issue is the strange hours, wish they were open more with some more consistency.Got the bread basket, eggs Benedict, and fried chicken and waffles, .  
The buttermilk biscuits were very salty.  
The eggs Benedict was not evenly seasoned and the hollandaise sauce was coagulated. 
The fried chicken skin was soggy underneath the breading and was under seasoned.  
I would not recommend. 
Also, they had very loud music playing during brunch.I'm writing this review with a heavy heart because I'd love for my favorite Philly brunch place to stay line-free on Saturday mornings. 
Food:
Strawberry Basil pitcher - Okay, basil in strawberry lemonade seems a little bit strange at first, but the basil is a really refreshing touch that really grew on me over brunch. That said, I don't think I would order a $12 dollar pitcher for two people again. It's a lot!
Deviled eggs - I'm a sucker for deviled eggs. If memory serves, Farmacy's deviled eggs were pretty good, but unless you love deviled eggs, I'd probably order a different appy. 
Amaretto French Toast - Honestly, I'm usually pretty underwhelmed by "special" french toasts at various brunch places. You can't really go wrong with French toast in syrup and some fruit, so it's almost cheating! However, The Farmacy adds a delicious layer of crushed almonds to their french toast. That alone puts it above and beyond most other french toasts I've had. 
Rum French Toast - The amaretto is better, but it's nice tasting hints of rum in the syrup! 
Smoked Salmon and Capers Sandwich - Very well done smoked salmon sandwich with some great fries. Not a standout, but a very solid choice.
Fries - Great the first time, you can definitely taste the richness in the duck fat. Since then, they have began to cut thicker fries, which is actually less fantastic.The place is tiny, the lines are long, it's extremely loud, and it's only open on weekends. But it is SO WORTH IT! The food is amazing, especially the Huevos Rancheros and the smores french toast. You will leave happyTwo friends and I had a brunch reservation. The waitstaff were kind enough to seat me early and alone when I arrived before the rest of my party. I ordered a coffee and waited. The coffee arrived with a little pitcher of cream and no spoon. I checked my napkin roll. There was a fork and knife but no spoon. Sometimes attention to detail goes along way for me. 
As for food, I ordered the two eggs, potatoes, and the fruit plate as a side. My friends went with the eggs florentine and another two eggs, potato and a side. The restaurant was half full but the food took quite a while to come out. The food was plated beautifully, however was under seasoned and we had to ask for salt and pepper for the table. The potatoes were delicious and crisp. The fruit plate was nice. It had a bit of honey, a streak of yogurt and sliced fruit. Again, it would have been nice to have a spoon. 
All and all, I think I have had better service (and spoons) at greasy spoon diners. The food was decent here and I appreciate seasonal and farm to table food. Despite all this the experience was just ok.I ride past this place every morning on my way to work. The first time I saw it I looked it up on Yelp. The pictures of the food immediately sparked my interest and I bookmarked it. So finally today I came for brunch. I have to say that I was not disappointed. Even if you don't like coffee, you have to have at least one cup of their coffee. One sip and I was hooked. The brand is a company I never heard of, but one of the servers was nice enough to tell me the name of it. I will be looking for it. For breakfast, I ordered the lemon curd/blueberry pancakes, scrambled eggs, house bacon, and a 'build your own' eggs Benedict. The pancakes and eggs were very good and fresh. The bacon was very flavorful but a little overcooked. I guess I should have specified my preference when I ordered it. It was still edible. I didn't taste the eggs Benedict but I was told the hollandaise sauce (the measuring stick) was great and the biscuit was GOOD. I would love to come back and try their dinner menu. Just as important, the server was nice as well as attentive. So if you go, enjoy.When I was visiting a friend at Philly, we came here because it was supposed to be good for brunch-type food. I had high expectations, but they were not quite met.
This place was adorable but the food and service were surprisingly mediocre. I ordered the Build Your Own Eggs Benedict, and to be fair it tasted good, and I really liked the home fries it came with, but it wasn't anything special, and I wouldn't go out of my way to come back. Quick note on the Sriracha hollandaise--it was tasty but not super spicy so good for anyone who likes spice but not much.
Overall my meal was not bad at all but nothing special, and something I could get anywhere else for probably less money. That being said, I barely customized my eggs Benedict, so if you want to try a more unique combination this may be the place to go to.The Farmacy has had a string of bad reviews, and so I was a little hesitant to try it, but ended up here for a birthday brunch on a busy Saturday morning. I absolutely loved it.
Stand out dishes:
1. Huevos rancheros. I'll be honest--when I was planning ahead for what I was going to order, the huevos rancheros didn't stand out on the menu. I was set on the chicken and waffles, but decided to go with the huevos at the last minute. This was absolutely perfect. The egg was perfect, with a perfect runny yolk; the avocado cream was perfect; the pico de gallo was perfect. I have no complaints whatsoever.
2. S'mores french toast. Made with Le Bus brioche bread, the french toast at the Farmacy is to die for. There's a generous serving of Nutella sandwiched between the brioche, and the toasted marshmallow covering everything was everything I didn't know I needed. The Farmacy makes a better s'more in french toast form than I have ever been able to manage with a regular campfire.
3. Duck fat fried potatoes. These are served with both the huevos rancheros and the french toast (and alongside most dishes on the menu), and they were HEAVENLY. I'm usually not a fan of the ubiquitous brunch potato, but these were addictive and irresistible. No potato was left uneaten at the table. We had a friend leave early, so I very kindly finished her potatoes after she had left (you're welcome, Shilpa).
The space is cute and homey (loved the drinks served out of mason jars), and it's also BYO! I know some have complained about the service, but I didn't find it to be terrible. The servers were attentive about refilling coffee, and it was easy to catch the attention of our waitress. Can't wait to come back to try the lemon curd and blueberry pancakes and also the dinner menu! 
Tip: try to avoid a table in direct sunlight near the window. Yes, the sun brightens up the space and makes everything cheery, but I felt like I was being roasted alive.Entered the restaurant - had to wait around to be seated even though it was pretty empty. Ordered veggie scramble- it was ok. I don't eat potatoes and they don't substitute for tomato slices. I got my food and when I was done the server asked if everything was good- but my husband never received his breakfast. Slow service. Mediocre breakfastI don't understand when I see people lining up inside or outside for a table since the food, in my experience, has not been worth the wait. I've been there twice and was underwhelmed both times. The first time I had the pancakes and they were really dense, almost gelatinous. The next time I had the country skillet which was greasy and totally overwhelmed by whatever cheese they used- I barely finished half and this was a very wee skillet. That second time my husband was also not too pleased with his sandwich, which was overwhelmed by some kind of relish. Maybe there are a couple things worth having on the menu but we really have not had much luck. We had very friendly waitresses both times but there are much better options food-wise when it comes to brunch in the neighborhood.This place is a cute brunch spot in West Philly. I came here for the first time and it was oh so cute! It was hard to choose from all the menu items but stuck with an egg omelet without the hash. Came served in a cast iron skillet.Disappointing food and service.  On a recent visit to the Farmacy, we ordered tofu scramble and received a large plate of fried potatoes with a small amount of tofu on the side.  I ordered decaf and questioned the waiter about whether it was actually decaf, which he said it was not, then changed his mind.  Smoked salmon came with only two very small pieces of toast, and when we asked for more, there was a long wait.  There was no attitude among the staff of friendly, helpful service. Living in the neighborhood, we have long wanted the Farmacy to succeed and been regular customers.  However, after the last experience, I do not plan to go back anytime soon.  Elaine FultzI think that my husband and I were definitely out of our element. We called first to see if we needed reservations for brunch for Father's Day. My husband was being rushed on the phone by the only woman in the restaurant; whom I surmised was also our waitress.We were told on the phone that the restaurant doesn't usually fill up until about 11. Well it was a good thing that we got there when they opened, there was already people eating, and the place was filling up fast. Okay, for starters, there is no handle on the door, so I thought that maybe it was an exit only door; but, no it was the door. We were told that we could sit anywhere, just as long as it was a table for two. This is ok, but not exactly a warm and fuzzy greeting to your establishment. We were asked right away if we would like coffee; my husband said yes; and I said that I would like my decafe when the food is served. You might have thought that I asked for contraband GMO food....decafe is not served there....ok. My husband ordered the chicken and waffles; I ordered the tofu scramble. We were waiting a very long time for our food. A basket of pastries was brought to our table; we told the server that we didn't order any pastries. And the look that we got was, oh well, this is here now, When I asked if we were being charged for the basket he didn't know. I didn't look at the itemized bill; so I don't know if it was an appeasement for waiting so long for our food, or what. My husband liked his chicken and waffles, he left the duck fried potatoes uneaten. I could have made a better tofu scramble at home. It was flavorless, and I spent a great deal of time picking out the corn silks from the skillet. I did get a fruit fusion to wash down the food; that was good. I hope that we didn't pay for the pastry basket, it was less than fair. Oh, last but not least, they wait staff was totally overwhelmed, and service was less than satisfactory. I wish that we had gone to The White Dog instead for overpriced food.I was pretty disappointed after hearing good things.
I got the burger. I ordered it med-rare, it came out extra-well. This is one of my biggest pet peeves. Don't ask me how I want my burger cooked, if you can't get anywhere near what I ask for. The other elements of the burger had good flavor, but they were drowned out by the char burned taste of the meat. The "pomme frites" that come with the burger are not what you expect when you see pomme frites. They were almost like steak fries, and well under cooked. The potato was hard, and not crispy at all. It's not difficult to do burger and fries.
My girlfriend got the chicken biscuit. The chicken was juicy, but had no flavor at all. 
I was deciding between 2 and 3 stars for this place, but the poor service being the deciding factor, gives this place a 2.This resultant was really delicious and everything was so fresh! We both made or own Benedicts which I loved BUT it's slightly pricy. Was very delicious and would definitely go back. Also I would suggest the sausage gravy and biscuit side because it was really amazing!I went back for my in-laws birthday.  She is very picky about food and I was nervous about taking her there but she approved. *whew*
Food:
Appetizers - We ordered the farm board as usual.  My father-in-law is a cheese person and he is a big big fan of it.  The potato and leek soup was great for the season.  It's not too rich nor heavy yet still carries the creaminess you would expect.
Entree - 
1. Crab Hash Salmon - My mother-in-law was very specific about her salmon and the chef delivered.  The salmon was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  The hash with lump crab meat complemented the wild salmon very well.  It's also served with baby kale (if you are the healthy green type)
2. Lobster Pappardelle - This is the one dish my father-in-law wouldn't share (by entree time)!  I can't tell you the taste from experience but it looks very creamy and it smells so good.
3. Grass-fed Burger - My husband loves what the chef does so he told them to make him something creative, and they did.  They put thick cut, and I mean thick not wide, bacon, top with sweet onion jam and pepper flakes, on a lean but super juicy burger.  I'm not a burger person but I had to take a bite.  The bun was the best part.  It was light, crunchy, and carries the burger well.
4. Stuffed Bella - Crab meat stuffed baby portabella mushroom  with lobster and butter.  It's rich and pretty filling.  I love the sauce; it's super flavorful and it goes very well with my husband's fries :P
Dessert - We are so spoiled.  They gave us a dessert board which we always look forward to.  There was my beloved coconut macaroon pie *heart* , my father-in-law not willing to share creme brulee, and poached pear with fresh homemade Madagascar vanilla bean ice-cream.  See the pictures and tell me that doesn't look mouth-watering.
**FYI, this is not one of the restaurants where the servers hover and ask how you are doing every 10 mins.The food here is wonderful--it truly is farm to fork and that's something I really appreciate in a restaurant. Their salmon and oysters were particularly memorable. And the vegan chocolate cake? Utterly decadent. I've been twice for dinner and although there isn't much menu choice, the chef creates all the dishes with care. Portion sizes are perfect and you definitely won't feel uncomfortably stuffed afterwards. The ambiance is lovely and cozy, great for catching up with a friend or date. I also love how vegan/vegetarian friendly they are!
My one complaint is that the first time I came with a large group, we waited around 1.5 hours to get our food. However, the second time during dining days the food came at a much more reasonable time. Everything is a bit on the pricey side, so it's not somewhere I would frequently indulge at. Also, they don't seem to have AC so be prepared for that!
It's an excellent gem nestled in West Philadelphia, and I'll definitely be back to try their brunch.Food here is good but nothing extraordinary. Prices are on the higher side which means you'll probably be paying around $18 for breakfast and coffee per person. Saw some child size flys in the window sill and place was packed on sunday with Penn students. Service was a little slow but nothing crazy considerin how many people were there Would only come back if im desperate for some breakfast and not willing to go into Center City.Hands-down my favorite place in Philly for brunch.  Tucked in a lush green neighborhood setting, they offer farm-fresh eggs, meats, and veggies, artfully crafted into what will soon become your favorite brunch dishes.  Reasonable prices for jam-packed taste and a cozy atmosphere keeps me coming back for years.Unfortunately have to dock a star for our last less-than-stellar experience the last time we were here. We had a large group, and they took reservations for groups over 10 so that was nice, but had to wait so long for our food. They also ran out of almost everything: fruit, bread, eggs..??? ...which are the staples of any brunch. One of the members of our party also found a hair in his food, and while he got his meal refunded, it was still not the most pleasant experience. Probably not a place made to accommodate large groups of people, but they should be aware and stop letting large groups come if their ingredients are so scarce!What started out really rocky ended up being a great brunch. We called ahead around Noon Saturday to secure a table for 12:30 just to ensure we wouldn't have to wait. The table was ready upon arrival but it took awhile to actually get welcomed and put in our drink order. This unfortunate service trend would continue. Finally we ordered and the wait ensued. We saw numerous tables come in after us enjoying their food, so we finally flagged down another waiter who got us some more coffee and sent over our long-absent waitress. 
After asking about our food, and waiting a good half hour or more, it finally arrived and was actually quite good. The crab benedict was fresh and flavorful with perfectly poached eggs. The duck fried home fries were very good and not greasy/soggy as most duck fat fried anything normally is. The grass fed burger and salmon sandwich also got rave reviews. 
The only downside to the entire meal was the poor service. It took us over 90 mins from start to finish which shouldn't be the case in a casual eatery like this. To their credit they took steps to make up for it by comping all our drinks. I'll definitely give them another try as the food was super good. I just won't go if I'm in a hurry.The food was excellent. You can really taste the farm to table concept.
Ate brunch here their opening weekend on 8/4/2013. Luckily I had no wait to get seated at a table for two around 11:30 because throughout our stay the restaurant filled and customers were told of a 45 minute wait. They seem to take reservations online and I think it might help if you plan to come with a large group (larger than 6 people).
Wait staff was attentive though a little aloof (maybe opening weekend jitters?).
I tired the Chicken n' Biscuits. Fresh flaky house made biscuit topped with sausage gravy, with hand battered tender fried chicken, finished with a farm fresh egg. Everything was top notch. I haven't has sausage gravy like this since I lived in North Carolina. Egg was perfectly cooked with a slightly runny yolk. The chicken, though a smaller portion than I expected, was the ideal size for this meal. The breading was nicely seasoned and the chicken fork tender. The dish, including the roasted potato side dish, was perfectly so  seasoned that no additional salt or pepper was needed. 
With coffee and large orange juice the bill was 15.00 before taxes and tip. Money well spent. Credit cards accepted. 
My only complaint is that they didn't seem to have air-conditioning, or they chose not to turn it on, and the restaurant's temperature was a bit uncomfortable for me especially after my second cup of coffee.We have tried, and tried and tried. But I have to finally say it, this place sucks. 
The food is horrible, the service is slow, the music is loud and it's overpriced. From burnt crab cakes to flavorless pulled pork, from a bisque with the texture of clay to a salad with a canned tomato in it.... I could go on and on. 
We love our local businesses and we really want to support this place, but sadly it is just not worth your money. I'd much rather go to local 44 and have some pub food for half the price and 1/8 of the wait time. 
Extreme fail. 
P.S. Penn students seem to love this place! This seems like who this place should be marketed to...not community members.My head was full of visions of the old Rx, so I'd like to disabuse anyone of the notion that Farmacy has anything in common with the old place aside from some pharmacy kitsch, and well, good food. Because the food IS good... when they actually have it. 
Table service is laughably bad. Waiters were friendly, but completely absent minded and inattentive. Forgot to bring milk for coffee, ketchup for fries, and then forgot again when asked. Far worse though, by noon on Sunday brunch, the kitchen had run out of several menu items, and any juice. 
A quick glance at the kitchen on the way to the bathroom did not inspire much confidence that the back of house is somehow more organized than the front. 
Also a quick rant about their table clearing:
We had a reservation for brunch, and after catching someone's attention, we were seated at a table covered with the previous group's napkins and cups. "It's clean," the waiter preempted, as he took everything away. Certainly, it wasn't sticky or food encrusted, but it was an off-putting way to start a meal. Then I noticed that the one outside dining table had also been left covered with the plates and food of a departed group. And it stayed that way, throughout the two hours of our meal. It made for a pretty disgusting sight as we left the restaurant. 
They are striving for, and to a degree, achieving, a casual, neighborhood experience. But they are totally failing to instill any confidence in their skill or ability to run a restaurant. Maybe just scrap the table service and switch to ordering at a counter?If I could describe this place with one word: pretentious. 
This place is overrated and overpriced. The food is beautifully set on the plate, but I'm afraid that is all it is; the taste is just mediocre. I would understand paying the price if it was a pleasant atmosphere, but unfortunately we are packed in there like sardines and the servers were not prudent. I get it, they have fair-trade coffee, but I wouldn't pay $20 for a plate the size of a tea saucer again. At least they weren't lying when they said the huevos rancheros came with tortilla chipS -- it did come with TWO chips, hence justifying the plural use of that word (face-palm and smdh). 
I'd be really okay with this place if it was priced appropriately and if the servers weren't rude. I am a vegetarian, and asked for potatoes not cooked in duck fat, but when the plates came out, they didn't know which was which. Also, when we were getting our drinks in the beginning, the server asked if I wanted cream for my coffee and I said yes. Well 10 minutes later, coffee lukewarm at this point, he came over and asked us what we wanted to order, I politely asked for some creamer, and he gave me a snarky attitude and said, yeah I'm working on it. Uhum... 
Good if you have lots of disposable money and enjoy pretentious cafes with fair-trade coffee and want to leave still hungry.I've been here twice already for bruncb and I have enjoyed it each time. The food is absolutely delicious. It's a convenient location with plenty of parking and friendly service each time I come. 
The only reason I give it 4 out of 5 stars would probably be for the price. It's not the most expensive brunch I've ever had, but it definitely isn't the cheapest. I I'd say that it's fairly priced for the quality, but it is a bit pricey. But i find this to most often be the case of BYOBs. If you're a drinker, the BYOB option is a nice touch. 
Its a cute little place with great food and warm ambiance.I'm biased because I love brunch food, but this is a great brunch food place! I wish there were a bit more variety, but the menu isn't overwhelming, so that's good. You've got most of the classic dishes.It's was Mother's Day and they were busy but we arrived by 12:00 and the specials were gone.
I ordered orange juice that never came.  The Huveos Rancheros was a bit of a mystery.  A few 
potatoes in the bottom of a cute skillet, two tablespoons of corn and black beans, and the eggs??? were only the whites of eggs drowning in Seracha sauce. Were they hoping we wouldn't notice?   Perhaps they needed the yokes for the Hollandaise or we just ordered the wrong thing. Then again there was the "out of" menu items.....
Very disappointing for all 4 of us at the table.Came here with a large group, and found the place very cozy/accomodating. Where I was sitting in the restaurant made it difficult to read the chalkboard specials, so that was kind of annoying =/ Also wished that the Benny Bar menu (make your own eggs benedict) came with a base price listed, since many of us were wondering and only found out it started at $12 when the waiter came to take our orders. 
I ordered the Country Skillet special: spinach w/ Guanciale (smoked pork cheek) on top of a bed of potatoes, and it was delicious! Service was attentive, and the food did take a while, but it was because all 10 entrees had to be timed to come out at the same time. 
Hoping to return with just my SO at another time!I went here this past month with a few friends for brunch, and we had a reservation.... we had to wait about 5-10 minutes before being seated....the waitress came over pretty soon and took our drink order and had our coffees back in a jiffy while taking our food order.  So far so good.
The first "meh" moment came when we tried to order an appetizer (we were starving) but she just said "we're all out" with kind of a I'm-busy-so-hurry-up-and-order kind of attitude.  She didn't suggest an alternate item or anything else.   The second "omg Im starving where's the food moment"  was when it was about 30+ minutes until we saw our waitress again and by this time we were ALL in need of coffee, AND our food still hadn't come out, AND the people that sat down next to us (after we were seated) were almost done with their meal!
Our food finally came, and it was GOOD!  But the portions were a little on the measly side and when you ask for ketchup they bring you like 2 tablespoons worth in a little metal bucket thing.  Sheesh.  I know this isn't / nor is it supposed to be huge portions, but a little more food and maybe some better service will improve this place.
Bottom line:  Food is 3-4 stars, Service is 1 star, so I gave it a 2.The food is excellent, i had the build your own Benedict and chose sausage gravy with pickled red onion which was a perfect combo. The menu is always changing which in my mind is a good thing. The only reason I give four stars is the hours are weird. You never know when they will be open it seems like.(3.5 stars) Breakfast here was good, but not my favorite. It's a bit pricey for breakfast, and the food isn't as exciting as the menu makes it out to be. However the coffee is solid, and its a nice spot to spend some time catching up, though it can fill up quickly on a Saturday morning. 
The scramble was a solid option and the coating of white cheddar on top was a nice touch, but despite being advertised as including the chef's selection of veggies, it only included corn--which is a single vegetable, not veggies...The duck-fat potatoes though are pretty great, heavily seasoned but it works. The dish could also definitely use some sauce or kick to make it a little less one-note as many scrambles end up being.I have rarely experienced such consistently poor service. The food may be okay but the management in this place is obscene. We were turned away TWICE while half the restaurant was empty because of reservations. Yet the second time we came around, some dude with a book not ordering food had taken the table that 15 minutes earlier was "reserved". 
Not returning. Be careful about going on a Saturday or Sunday.Ordered catering from here. The food was great.:.its not cheap. Everyone raved about the food but it was a STRUGGLE getting them to send us the invoice. We called, emailed, and even went to the store and a month later we finally got a receipt for a $300 order. Wouldn't do catering again just due to this hassle but would return for brunch.This little BYO in University City is such a gem- we had dinner there last night. Not only is the food amazing, but it's also very reasonably priced. They've found their niche- serving college kids, their families, and locals, without over doing it.  
We had the salmon with crab hash and the short ribs- both dishes were cooked perfectly and seasoned great. The crab in the hash was perfectly proportioned and such a great flavor to add. Water is served in mason jars and so was our creme brulee. Such a cute touch that fits the overall ambiance of the venue.I'll never go to this restaurant again. My first time attending and the owner came to my table and asked our party what our issue is because we made her server cry. Our only interaction with her at that point was my friend asking for a short stack of pancakes and cheese on her eggs and the server saying she's new, she doesn't think they do that. I don't feel in the restaurant business you should go to a table and tell your guest they're the reason your server is crying. It made us feel uncomfortable, targeted, and bad for the server. When my food did come, it was cold and my glass was dirty. I've been to way better brunch places in the city.Excellent reinventing of a local BYOB. We did not like the previous incarnation of this restaurant and wished the original was back. But we had a great meal here. The salmon was expertly prepared.  My wife had the mussels that were also very good. The salad was easily large enough to share between two people if it was not being eaten as an entrée.  We also enjoyed the muscles. My slight criticism is focaccia bread that accompanied them muscles really was not sufficiently absorbent to soak up all the delicious broth of the muscles which is part of the enjoyment of that dish.  They also have very nice mixers for cocktails in case you want to bring your own booze. I would simply be sure to call ahead as their normal choice of three was down to one the last Saturday night that we dined here. All in all a welcome addition to the neighborhood.If I could sum up The Farmacy it would be "meh". The food nor the service isn't bad by any stretch of the imagination, it just doesn't stand out among other brunch options nearby. Per their name, they are a farm-to-table restaurant, and like to hype up their non-GMO options (which as a scientist I have to role my eyes at...come on people GMOs are not bad!). Combine that with their higher-than-average prices and okay food, you have a recipe for mediocrity. 
Ambiance: Folksy, well-lit, but tiny. The entire place can only sit about 30-45 people (more outside if the weather permits). Tall ceiling make the place seem larger than it is (especially with the bright color scheme). It definitely has a bit a Cracker Barrel vibe.
Food: Your typically Americana breakfast/brunch options with a bit of a elegant twist. However, the menu hasn't changed much at all over the past couple of years. I've had the huevos rancheros, shrimp n' grits, and their country skillet. Don't get me wrong, they are all good (shrimp were cooked perfectly, no rubbery texture here), but when literally every brunch place serves these things you gotta stand out.
Service: Perfectly adequate, just like the rest of the place.
Drinks: They are BYOB (they do sell OJ for your mimosas), so your drinks are what you make it. Coffee and tea options are available as well.My work peers and I decided to have brunch at a local spot in University City.  What was once a local pharmacy back in the days is now a small cafe style brunch spot.  I decided to keep it simple and order a traditional breakfast plate including 2 eggs, potatoes, pork links and a slice of toast.  My eggs came out overcooked (I like my eggs over easy...runny).  The waitress took it back and brought me another set...this time it was cooked right.  The potatoes were ok however I could not tell the difference the potatoes being duck fried made.  They were regular potatoes to me.  One slice of rye toast accompanied the dish.  However, the toast was dangerously crunchy.  I was careful not to massacre the roof of my mouth and gums.  I like my bread reasonably toasted with the right texture allowing me to sop up the yolk from the plate.  The best part of the dish were the pork links which were perfectly cooked...juicy.  I also ordered a side of the maple jalapeño cheddar grits.  Sad to say that the grits had no trace of jalapeño kick and the cheddar cheese was barely present.  It looks like maple syrup was poured on top of the grits losing the savory in the sweet...no balance.  
My homie ordered the chicken and waffles.  I added an extra star, raising my review from 2 to 3 stars due to the piece of chicken I tried.   It was moist on the inside and crunchy on the outside.  The seasoning was tasty.
Overall, my breakfast was ordinary and my brunch experience was meh...unmemorable.First time back since the re-opening, and was unfortunately a bit disappointing. 
The service seems significantly slower than before, though I will concede that it is the Spring and there are lots more ppl out getting their brunch on. 
Ordered the Country Skillet as usual, and it was drier than I remember. and the onions tasted undercooked. Also, the blackboard advertised purple cabbage as sun dried tomatoes for the Skillet veggies, and all I got was plain onions and mushrooms. (Though the duck fried potatoes were amazing as usual)
Gf got the Smores French Toast and house-cured bacon and was raving as usual. So I will chalk my experience up to a bad instance. Will come back for sure.This is a great little gem! The food is absolutely delicious! Literally anything on the menu you'll enjoy. The staff is pleasant and the music is great.Amazing brunch place! I had a birthday brunch here over the weekend for 25+ people and the Farmacy was absolutely amazing. The staff was great and the food was so good! I will definitely be returning and recommend to anyone who wants a great brunch experience. :) Thank you guys for everything!!We made our second visit to the Farmacy last week to enjoy another fabulous dinner.  We had the crab cake, which was by far the best I've ever had.  A sizable cake of crab meat with only a hint of any filler with a dollop of delicious crab aioli on top served with polenta cooked in bacon goodness and very fresh sautéed kale.  We also had the perfectly cooked duck breast, so very tender and seasoned beautifully, over our first ever tasted quinoa with a multitude of delicious ingredients.  We finished our meal with the apple crisp served with homemade vanilla ice cream that was the absolute perfect ending to our meal.  
The atmosphere is cozy and inviting and the staff is friendly and attentive.  An excellent establishment for this area.  We can't wait to try the brunch and to come back often for dinner.Service:2/5  Ambience: 4/5  Food: 5/5 
MM. 
Brunch done well. 
I came here with a group of friends for brunch this morning. Since it was a Sunday the place was completely packed--fortunately, unlike some other Philly brunch places Farmacy takes reservations. 
First, the good. The food was SO delicious. My friends and I tried the S'mores French Toast, Chicken n' Biscuits, Sausages, Mac n' Cheese, and Smoked Salmon Sandwich (on Brioche). I was most impressed by the Sausages, which were savory without being over salty, went deliciously well with dijon mustard provided on the side, and were served on a bed of lightly sauteed kale leaves. As I've said, MM.
I would describe most of the dishes as comfort food with a twist. For example, the Mac n' Cheese was a warm blanket of goodness, just as expected, but also had added elements which helped elevate it from something you could find at a common diner. I was excited to see if the S'mores French Toast could rival something you'd find at Green Eggs, and I'm happy to report that it did! What originally looked like a dry mass actually turned out to be soft, moist, and wonderful. 
I gave this place a 2 out of 5 for service because of how incredibly slow they were. I wouldn't have given Farmacy 4 stars overall, except the food was good enough to make up for how long we had to wait. A word to the wise-- arrive and be seated a good half an hour before you actually feel hungry!Went at 9:30am for Mother's Day brunch (made reservation).  
Wanted to try this place for a few years now but I was hesitant due to the mixed reviews of the place. 
A menu was given to us and additional information was provided on a black board.  The menu provided was slightly different from the one online (chocolate chip pancakes instead of strawberry and stuffed french toast instead of smores french toast).  They have a "Build your own Benny" menu as well.  When asked if sausage could be added to the country skillet, the waiter said they didn't have sausage, though it was written on the black board.  Music was playing in the background.  It was a tad too loud for brunch and wasn't the type of music I expected for the time of day.  A classical-type genre (classical, jazz, new age, etc) would have enhanced the ambiance instead of current pop-type songs.  The water was already in bottles on the bar counter and was at room temperature (a major no-no since bacteria can grow in warmer temperature water).  Ice was provided in the glasses but it melted quickly.  Service was prompt and the entire brunch (time walked in to time walked out) lasted about an hour. 
The bread & butter was delicious!  The bread was baked with onions on top which provided great flavor.  The orange zest butter complimented the bread well.  The stuffed french toast was flavorful with peach jam and cream cheese, though at times the bread was a bit dry.  The duck-fried potatoes were excellent.  The coffee was, also, very good.  
Overall, a great place for brunch!  Some details mentioned above made it a 4 star instead of 5.Quite a lovely location in the springtime with so much natural light! I had the eggs benny. I'm not crazy about poached eggs, but I definitely enjoyed the custom one I had with biscuits, gravy and bacon. I will definitely go back here for breakfast. Also the orange juice-- superb! I only subtract one star because it seemed kind of expensive to me for breakfast. Maybe it's due to the quality ingredients? Otherwise, a nice spot.The 12 dollar fresh squeezed oj is just Tropicana. The worst service ever.
The small portions.
The disorganization.
My girlfriend ordered an eggs benedict with Sriracha Hollandaise and pico de gallo. It arrived without the Hollandaise and pico. 
1/5There are a lot of hipsters here. It is really wonderful that they use local organic ingredients from local farms. I don't really taste the difference to be honest. It's $12 for the basic build your own Eggs Benedict. I wish that the hollandaise sauce had more Sriracha, it all tastes pretty standard, and portions are a bit small. I'm not sure I understand all the hype.An intimate little brunch place in West Philadelphia. I came here early on a rainy weekend morning and was seated very quickly. The menu isn't overwhelming, which I liked. All of your standard brunch items are here. 
I got the tofu scramble and was happy with the portion and the skillet it is served in. The natural light is very nice and they serve their water in cute mason jars, which definitely added to the experience. The bottomless coffee is also a nice bonus. 
One star off for the higher prices.Standing next to an empty table for 3 we were told to put our name on the board. 20 minutes later we were offered the table we were standing next to. 86d entrees the waitress didn't know about. Cold eggs. Burnt pancakes. Feh.My friend and I went for brunch today.  We didn't complain much during our stay, but she left a fairly polite comment because so many things went wrong and the establishment responded back, "...haven't really had an issue except when we have overbearing guests.  Like yourself."  That's just rude.  I'm sorry that we were not pleased that she got a dirty water glass, had to ask more than once for a new one, she didn't get her coffee and was still charged for it, my meal wasn't cooked correctly, and she didn't get the meal she ordered.Alas, my experience with The Farmacy was a mediocre one. We had high hopes for our visit, having heard very good things from friends - but these hopes were dashed, perhaps due in part to the fact that my girlfriend and I came here for dinner and not for this establishment's much-lauded brunch offerings.
Food: 1/5
We ordered the following items:
Smoked Salmon Salad - the salmon was chewy and didn't seem fresh; the salad leaves were wilted.
Split-pea Soup - our soup was cold. We had to ask our waiter for a reheat.
Macaroni & Cheese - Tasty, but again cold. We also had to ask for a reheat on this one. When our waiter brought the dish back, the macaroni & cheese was burnt.
Pot Roast - I forget the exact name of this one, but the meat was terribly overcooked and we ultimately didn't take more than a single bite.
Service: 1/5
Our waiter was friendly and apologetic, but service was agonizingly slow. Our first dish (the salad) took about 40 minutes to arrive at our table after ordering, and the following entrees took another 30 minutes after that to arrive. We considered leaving, but ultimately decided to stay in order to at least try what we ordered. Other patrons were not so patient; two or three tables decided to leave before their entrees came out.
Atmosphere: 5/5
Despite all the food and service shortcomings, the place was cozy, clean, and quirky. We were fans.
Overall: 2/5
I am willing to chalk the experience I had up to a single isolated incident of poorly run dinner service. I think that there is a lot of potential for this restaurant to be great - and hope that things will go more smoothly the next time I return.We have been excited ever since we first saw the renovations start. The work they've done on the interior were great, and the place has a nice homey feel. 
The infusions are delicious, whether you BYO booze to put in them or not. The service was friendly, though perhaps needs a bit more practice. First we saw our food taken to another table and tried to call out when it was being taken back to the kitchen but weren't heard (or ignored). After we were finished with dessert a server came out with two plates of dinner (not ours! we were well passed full). It's a new business though and I'm sure they can work that out. 
The food was delicious. The fried pickles were much lighter than expected and have more of a tempura like battering than I'm used to. They were delicious, just unexpected. The steak and scallop entrees were both delicious (though I think a little less pork belly on the scallops would be a good idea- that's just personal taste though). All the portions are quiet big, we wouldn't have minded a slightly smaller (slightly cheaper) entree. And the banana bread in a mason jar was as adorable as it was tasty.
One thing I will say, and this is less a complaint than a suggestion to help the owners because we really want them to stay: for a restaurant that bills itself on locally sourced ingredients they could talk up a bit more where their ingredients come from. Notes next to dishes, an explanation on the back of the menu, servers trained to give a spiel about farm-to-table-ness, etc. Farm to table is great as a concept, but without a discussion of sourcing can feel like an empty phrase.
Definitely plan on going again and hope to work our way through the menu.The Farmacy is cute. It's small and cozy and a little kitschy - I remember some paintings of fancily-dressed animals - and definitely one of the best restaurants in the West Philly area. I was here for a birthday dinner and everybody was incredibly happy with their dish, plenty of sharing and switching going on. I got the mac and cheese which was excellent, and I had enough to take home for lunch the next day. I agree with the other reviews that the wait can be a little long. It's not an in-and-out kind of place, but it's a very pleasant and relaxing experience.I have to say that my experience at The Farmacy was quite enjoyable. We were a party of 3 for Sunday brunch and we all decided to order their special drink for the day, the blueberry terregon Orange juice which was really yummy. My friends ordered biscuits and chicken and I got the huevos rancheros. While I have to say that the food was delicious, the staff was forgetting to bring us the essentials: ketchup. So I would definitely go back, mainly for the food!!! The staff was friendly but more interested in each other rather than customers.I have been here a few times for dinner with my friends and we were never disappointed. The food was always well-prepared with fresh ingredients, and I must say the staff are very nice and knowledgeable.
The pork chop in their summer menu came in a huge portion, but it was so juicy and tasty I ate every bit of it. The sea bass with rice and bak choy, the Arctic char and their creative blue cheese brownie were all my favorites.
Definitely a neighborhood gem.Small space, pricey, long wait for brunch, and food is just not good enough to balance out all those negatives! I have tried:
-chicken and waffles: just ok. I'd recommend asking for syrup on the side so the chicken and waffle stay crispy
-huevos rancheros: tasty, fairly good portion
-tofu scramble: wish it had better flavoring...as is, the smorgasbord of tofu crumbles, corn, and black beans isn't super appealing
If you find yourself hankering for brunch in the area, you'll get better (and more) food for your money at Tom's Taco Shop, Aksum, Clarkville, or Metropolitan BakeryWhy celebrate the life of a harasser so publicly? Mourn if you must, but the sign is a huge slap in the face to the many people in this neighborhood who were harassed and assaulted by Omar.DINNER! It's a revelation... We've been coming here for years for brunch, which is fantastic (choose your own adventure Benedict anyone?)... But now farmacy is open for dinner! And it's fantastic. The asparagus is some of the best I've had. The "lobster skins"--lobster + potato skins--are delish... And the salmon over crab hash is great. It's beautifully prepared with uber fresh ingredients. Living up to the name... We'll be back, next time w a bottle of wine!It was quite a beautiful day. The sun was shining brightly, and the feeling that spring had sprung was a delight to us all. What could possibly go wrong with this amazing day?
Well, there were five of us and we each had some type of issue with the food or the service. Maybe it was just a bad day but honestly I don't think I'm going to try this place ever again. My apple pie pancakes were burnt and dry. One of my friends had the same issue with her chicken and waffles, and another was served the incorrect dish altogether. 
To top it off, our waitress was perpetually preoccupied, oh, except for when she pulled up a chair and sat at the table with us while taking our order. Say what!? 
I had heard about this restaurant some years ago and was excited to finally try it out. But sadly, it appears that its former glory has diminished. Someone call the doctor, I think the Farmacy needs a new prescription.I do not support businesses who celebrate abusers.  Recently a neighborhood drunk in West Philly passed away.  While it's sad that Omar passed away, he assaulted many people in this neigborhood.  The Farmacy refuses to take down a large sign memorializing him.  Can you imagine being sexually assaulted and then having to walk by that sign everyday?  It's completely disrespectful to the people who live in this neighborhood.  I'll spend my money elsewhere.Being a student around the area, I live to find brunch places that are convenient around campus and the Farmacy is a staple around campus for any brunch-loving student. With a quaint and comfortable ambiance, the mason jars and wooden tables add to the theme of "farm to table." 
SERVICE:
Both times I've eaten here, the service here is NOT the best. Even during a very quiet, slow morning, my friends and I waited AN HOUR for our food. I would have been more understanding if the waitress followed up with a, "Sorry it's been taking so long, it's because of xyz..." But rather, she stood at the side talking. Also, they never refilled my coffee and the food was cold. Yes, cold. And unfortunately, this happened 2/2 times I was there.
FOOD:
HOWEVER, the food itself is delicious. A bit pricey in comparison to other brunch places, but I suppose that's understandable if the ingredients are local.
1. The Eggs Benny: 
You're given a slip of paper and a list of bread/meat/sauce/add+ons. The options are wonderful to have, but there isn't a price listed on it. So I actually didn't know the price until I asked the waitress. Overall, the eggs were slightly overpoached, but the hollandaise sauce was absolutely decadent. The potatoes, I found, were a little too big and undercooked, overflowing with more onions than potato. Overall, a 4/5 for taste, but I'm not sure if it's worth the $12 pricetag.
2. Chicken and Waffles: 
A classic brunch dish that my friends ordered. The waffles had a perfect hint of sweetness, with a crisp outside and tender inside. I found the chicken itself to be rather dry and salty, but I suppose it complimented the syrup well. Unfortunately, we had to ask for more syrup because it was a bit drying between the waffle and fried chicken. 3/5, unless you're a diehard chicken lover, I wouldn't order this.
3. Huevos Rancheros:
This dish didn't particularly stand out to me. I found the hint of avocado cream to be satisfactory--partially because I love avocados--but the rest was rather..bland. I was surprised to find potatoes inside of the burrito, which seemed to add to its rather lackluster flavour and overall grease. 2/5, wouldn't recommend. 
Overall, I wouldn't go again. Despite the food being above average, the poor service left me not even being able to enjoy my meal. Also, I'm sure I can find a great brunch place with a delicious menu at affordable prices.Gross. Inept staff. Mouse droppings. Took an hour for my food and it was cold. Staff laughed at me. AVOID.Everyone is right-- the potatoes fried in duck fat are DELICIOUS!! Seriously order extra if you can, I ate all of my friend's becuase she doesn't eat potatoes!
The place is very quaint, and keeps up an atmosphere of "farmy", "local", etc. The prices are not the most affordable,  but I suppose they are trying to support local farmers so it goes to a good cause. Couldn't really tell the difference between farm food and normal, but that may just be me.
This place gets 4 stars because of the ambience and potatoes alone--I loved that the water was served from mason jars, and the wall decorations were all very earthy!
I ordered poached eggs which came with a side of potatoes and sausage gravy & biscuit. The gravy & biscuit was a bit too salty for my taste. My boyfriend got the country skillet, which looked great but wasn't the most filling for his money. Our friend got chicken and biscuit, which also tasted too salty. I tend to like more bland foods, so it might have just been me, but I had to keep drinking mason jar water the whole time!
We had a great time though--would definitely come back again and try the other foods and cheeses!I came here for a brunch BYO on a Friday, and we were the only ones in the restaurant. For a brunch BYO, The Farmacy is excellent! They have decent variety on their brunch menu, and we brought champagne for mimosas, and they supplied the orange juice. I think I liked brunch before the food came out--when we were just enjoying the mimosas. The server seemed competent enough with orders, but disappeared all the time during the course of the meal even though we were the only ones in there. He also happened to explode the champagne when uncorking, but oh well. Happens to the best of us.
I got the Chicken and Biscuits Sandwich, which I honestly wouldn't recommend. While the biscuits and gravy are decent, the chicken is passable at best. That said, I'm from the South and probably have higher standards, but it wasn't really fried. The best part of the brunch is the home fries, so make sure to get some of those!
The Farmacy is spruced up by bright walls, and I don't remember the rest. It was a bit of a walk from campus, at 45th and Spruce. I'm not sure it's worth the walk next time...The unprofessional attitude/cluelessness I've encountered here makes me absolutely nuts. The worst problem is the completely unpredictable hours. I've eaten here maybe 4 or 5 times in the past months; but for every time I've eaten here, there's been another time when I came for a meal, but found them unexpectedly closed (of course I come at days/times when they claim to be open). No sign on the door, nothing--just dark. This really messes up your day/evening. The last straw was today, when they posted ON THEIR FACEBOOK page that they were open for brunch. We walk in, see that there's only one other couple in the place, just to be told that they're not serving brunch because they expect to be busy for dinner, so they need this time to prep. OK; but if if you're too busy to serve customers, DON'T ADVERTISE THAT YOU'RE OPEN (and BTW, why were you able to serve that other couple, but not us?)
The reservation policy is also bizarre and annoying. You're supposed to call and leave a message and wait for them to call you back (but given their random hours, this means you can never count on eating there, so what's the point of a reservation? Plus they frequently never bother to call you back.). We've actually had them email us, in response to a query, to say that we should call to leave a message; if you can take to time to write an email, why not just tell us whether or not we can have the reservation? 
The food ranges from meh to very good (I could forgive the uneven caliber if they had the rest of their act together, but that's so not the case). The wait staff has typically been pleasant, but only marginally competent. 
So I fear I can't recommend the Farmacy. It's a shame, because we need more restaurants in this 'hood, but these guys don't seem to have what it takes to satisfy even the rather modest customer service expectations that we have in West Philly.I ordered the Apple Pie Pancakes at brunch. They were good, but a little too cakey for my taste.I'm a little frustrated reading the reviews of this place that are trashing it for a sign it has hung in its window.  Lots of establishments promote different ideas and I personally think it's unfair to rate this place based on a sign if we don't hold other establishments to the same standards. I'm here to talk about the food -- I live right across the street, so I pop over here quite often, especially when I have friends in town. Most recently, I had the Surf and Turf Eggs Benedict with the Blackberry Strawberry Orange Juice infusion for mimosas (The Farmacy is a BYO) and the food was fabulous.  Beef and shrimp are both often hit or miss at restaurants, but the Farmacy hit both spot on. I was impressed by how well the beef in particular was cooked.
Sometimes, the build-your-own Eggs Benedict has a tendency to be a little bland, but a bit of salt usually fixes that.This place recently opened semi-close to campus so me and a group of friends decided to make the trek one wintry morning. 
The place from the outside was so cute-- a house converted to a restaurant. It was naturally homey, and we were surprised to see the extensive seating area inside of the restaurant.
The menu was a bit small, but there definitely were some tasty options. We decided to order a couple of dishes to split for the table.
We ordered 2 fresh fruit plates (which were both beautifully presented) that had granola, fresh yogurt, fruit (pineapple, blackberries, etc.) and honey. It was delicious! We then opted for one of the specials: chocolate shaved pancakes, which were incredibly fluffy and chocolatey (one of the best chocolate pancake dishes I've had in a while). The french toast dish we opted for was the Eggnog French Toast (probably a seasonal item) that didn't taste like eggnog but basically just really sugary french toast (though I'm not complaining). The bread was soft and sweet. Lastly, we ordered an eggs benedict dish that came with kale and tomatoes on an english muffin. The dish lacked a bit of flavor (perhaps some salt would have helped) but the consistency of the eggs was pretty on point.
Overall, I don't think I'd necessarily come back to The Farmacy even though it was a pretty solid brunch experience (seasonal Christmas music and pretty great service too). The trek is a bit too far (and perhaps a BIT overpriced?), and the menu is a bit small-- though I'd be curious to see if new items are added, or switched out to add some variability.I was torn whether to give 3 or 4 stars- the food was actually really good (I had the build-your-own Benedict on a waffle, and it was great, as were the potatoes), but the wait was totally unreasonably long for brunch.Kicking myself for not coming sooner. Stopped in on a sunday for brunch, left very happy. Girlfriend and I split a grilled salmon benny with champagne hollandaise and cilantro sour cream, and dark chocolate chip pancakes with creme brûlée butter on top. God damn magical. Their duck fried potatoes are honestly some of the best made potatoes I've ever had, and anyone who has been there knows exactly what I'm talking about. The crowd maintained a seamless mix of families with young children, 20-something foodies such as myself (it's BYOB), and locals of all ages. Outdoor seating is nice, indoors has a colorful and homey vibe, and the very servers are super friendly and down to earth. Definitely becoming a staple brunch and dinner spot in west philly.