Great service and the atmosphere was amazing! Only went to the bar potion, but simply tell the bartender what liquor you want and he will concoct a delicious drink featuring that ingredient.Amazing bartenders, amazing drinks, hand chipped ice in your cocktail. It doesn't get much better than this for a night out for great seasonal crafted cocktails. Everything made from scratch. We will be regulars for sure!The Farmers' Cabinet is quite the hybrid. Its bar resembles a refined gastropub while its dining room verges upon fine dining. It may sound ambitious, but it works well here.
To their credit, they don't overextend themselves with the menu. Each section has a handful of options which cover a nice variety of dishes. We had the lamb and the rib eye two ways, both were delicious and executed nicely.
They have an amazing cheese selection too and that goes a long way with me. Our server was excellent as well - informative, prompt and accommodating. 
The music and decor of the dining room is all very old-timey and elegant. At moments I felt as though I were in the Overlook Hotel...an extra element of cool for the evening.  
There is an abundance of great beer here, mostly European with a few house-made beers as well. It's a nice change from the typical beers to be found around town. If you're looking for something different, you would do well by coming here. If spirits are your game, they have a bunch of specialty cocktails that look intriguing too. 
The case has been made regarding price vs. value. Entrees run in the upper tiers of pricing and as always, reactions to that will vary according to expectations, budget and taste. I was pleased with the quality of the food, drinks and service we received during this visit and felt what I spent was worth it. 
All in all a wonderful experience. Next time I'm gonna belly up to the bar and give that a whirl. I just hope I'm not served by Lloyd the Bartender.Our waitress was extremely rude to us because we didn't spend enough money. She literally told us that we "wasted her time." I guess she failed to see that the reason why we were leaving and not spending more money was because she was never around to take our order.Food and drinks were really good. Definitely a spot to visit in Philly. The only down side is that it got silly with the faux 1920s attitude. If they could just be a little more "normal" in how they treated the customers, it would be perfect!We loved this place. I don't know if it's usually as busy as it was when we went, but it was restaurant week, and it was PACKED. The food was good. I don't really have anything negative to say about it, but I wasn't blown away. I had the butternut squash soup, which was extraordinary, the duck, and the bread pudding, while my boyfriend had the duck pate appetizer, hangar steak, and chocolate cake. The beer list and cocktails, however, were amazing! We tried a couple of import bets and a few of the specialty cocktails. Each were delicious and incredibly unique. The live band and the 1920s/Prohibition theme were so much fun. Service was a little slow, but extremely courteous. It expect that was only the case because of RW.Best New Year's Eve party ever! Drinks, music, atmosphere - perfection!I went here with the bf for restaurant week dinner. I've been hearing about their amazing beer selection and was excited to try their food. 
The ambiance was pretty sweet. Loved their beer wall with candles interspersed. The barrel bar tables add a nice touch. The long picnic benches are good in theory and looks. In practicallity. meeeeh. That may be the one down star. I was stuck on a bench with a guy who liked the bench scooted too far from the table. Maybe I'm too short... maybe I'm too nice. But, I do like my own chair.
Now on to the food. Butternut squash soup with pistachios hit the spot on a cold winter night. Silky smooth texture with deep flavors. I had the duck for my entree. This is what really drew me here for restaurant week. It was the least tasting duck I've ever had. I dont know if that's a good or bad thing. But I actually enjoyed it. It tasted more like pork. My bf had the pork which was sweet, juicy and ham like. The desserts were ok. Nothing too crazy to rave about. 
The draft beers are pretty legit. No scrimping on quality here. If anything.. that completely lived up to it's expectations. Cheers!The beer is 50:50.  Some is decent, some is lousy.  It's fairly expensive for what you get.
And no, I dont typically drink "macro" brews.  So, it's not my poor or inexperienced taste in beer that lead me to post this comment.Went during restaurant week.  Food was very good.  Better than Fork or Supper.  Would go back.  Large selection of beers.  Everything tasted great.  Only remarks are that the coffee ice cream tasted like it was Breyer's...was expecting something more unique.Came here for a restaurant week dinner at the beginning of the year, and had a mediocre dining experience-- the food was pretty average to be honest. The ambiance was absolutely AMAZING and definitely a super cute spot to see though! And the service was on point as well. Perhaps I have a skewed perception because I'm vegetarian and perhaps this place doesn't do veggie dishes as well as the meat dishes. 
For four of us, we split the following desserts: brie mousse, hazelnut tartine, pumpkin cheesecake, and caramelized pear bread pudding. All were really average, despite how amazing they sound! The brie mousse was especially weird-- too sour to be a dessert-- so I wouldn't recommend this one. The best was probably the pear bread pudding, though I don't know if I'd even order that again.
For my main course, I had the butternut squash ravioli which was really, really tasty. The portion size was just too small though! And for my appetizer, I selected the chilled black pasta. The texture was a bit off and it just didn't look too appealing, though I did enjoy the taste somewhat.
OVERALL: Average food, incredible ambiance, and good service. Perhaps a vegetarian's take on the restaurant would be different from a carnivore's take on the restaurant!Love, love, love, love the vibe of this spot!  Stopped in here for a drink while out on a date with my husband.  I had been meaning to check it out for a long time now and it did not disappoint!  This is the coolest bar I've been to in a long time. 
What made it so freaking cool, you may ask.  Well, I will tell you.  I loved the 1920's Prohibition-era theme- with the waters served in mason jars and mason jars also being used as lanterns hanging from the ceilings.  I loved the waitstaff's uniforms- men in white shirts, black pants and suspenders.  Women in long flowy dresses.  I loved how the bar "tables" were barrels and how there were two bars- one for liquor and one for beer.  And I loved the bluegrass-y jazz music playing.  
Now I am fully aware that I probably fell for the gimmick, but I don't care- I loved it in there and didn't want to leave!  But I will tell you what was not a gimmick- their amazing beer list.  Wow!  So many obscure beers from all over the world- I wanted to try them all.  One thing to note- for many of the beers, the 12 oz and the 6 oz were only a couple of bucks different in price- make sure to opt for the larger size to get more bang for your buck.
I am definitely looking forward to coming back and checking out their food selection!I've only been here as a bar. If you feel like splurging on expensive drinks, these drinks are downright fun.  The cocktails are served in jars and chilled with a sphere of ice.
The ambiance is really cool as well.I went here during Restaurant Week, and it was packed and very loud. I had corn soup, some fish dish, and strawberry rhubarb, and they were just OK. I was told the quality and quantity of food was downgraded since it's an event night, so maybe if I try this restaurant at a regular time, things will be better?Great for one or two drinks, but the prices are ridiculous.  Unsurprisingly, the entire staff has that "don't you know how special our drinks are?" attitude.
Go for happy hour to enjoy the ambiance, then move on.Farmer's Cabinet is my new favorite place in Philadelphia.
A large group of us happened in on Saturday night and sat at the beer bar.  I tried so many beers and I have to say that each one was a pleasure.  Very glad that you can have the 7 oz or 11 oz sizes to choose from.
The sweet breads were absolutely incredible.  Be sure to give them a try even if you might thing they are "strange."  
The addition of a great band playing 1920s and 1930s music really raised the bar and supported the excellent ambiance and delicious food & drink.  
As the other reviewers said -- I will probably spend all of my time and money at this place.  Well done.I've been here twice.  The first time was for Happy Hour and was just an okay experience.  The bartender we had I think was having a bad day and its showed. However,  I ended up there late night, giving it a second chance and it was a good time (and all the bartenders we happy and really knowledgeable about thier drinks).  They have an expansive craft beers and well made cocktails with real juices and natural ingredients.  The decor was fun with a throwback to the Prohibition era.  They had live Jazz music that played well into the night, which was probably my favorite part of the evening.  I've only done drinks here, the food menu is quite specific and I don't know if its my taste but it's a great place to go out and grab a drink with friends.So I went back for round two.  While I was only in for a few drinks and a small appetizer, I was impressed.  I ate the veal marrow and Bavarian pretzel which were both great.  They serve the veal marrow in-bone with some toasts.  What a treat from this rustic 1800s Victorian era style bar.  I had one of the best old-fashioneds I ever had from their cocktail bar.  The bartender hand chips one chunk of ice to custom fit your glass.  What a cocktail!
This is a relatively new spot, but for sure one of my favorites in Philly.  You most likely would never even notice it unless you were introduced to it or were specifically looking for it.
We were there early in the afternoon, so before the dinner menu.  The only critique I can give for my second visit was that the menu was sparse.  I wanted to try some other food but there were only 6 or so items to choose from!I met some friends here for Restaurant Week and had a fabulous experience!
The interior was very warm and inviting. The overall decor was interesting and just an all-around cool space.
The food was top-notch. I had the home-made pretzel for my first course. It was buttery, salty, and warm - can't get much better than that. The table ordered some pickled items, which were very tasty. All of the appetizers came on thick pieces of slate - a nice riff on rustic sensibility with a modern twist. 
For my entree, I had the hanger steak. It was cooked to a perfect medium. The outside was crisp and flavorful, and the inside was juicy and tender. The accompanying potatoes and carrots were delicious too (the carrots could have been a touch more tender). 
For dessert, I had the coffee ice cream. I chose that because it was the "lightest" option (the other two being bread pudding and chocolate cake). The ice cream was good, but it was pretty much like every other coffee ice cream I've ever had. 
The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars was because of the dessert, and that it was very warm in the restaurant when we were first seated.
I'd love to return for drinks and appetizers at the very cool bar!Farmer's Cabinet is a very cool place for food or drink. 
Live jazz in a rural 1940's atmosphere. 
Ambiance is very cool, but the food can be over-priced. 
Place can get super packed and hot on busy nights.I've been a few times, most recently for restaurant week. This review reflects the sum of my experiences here. I've been here for brunch, dinner, drinks.
Most recently, when I was here during Restaurant week. The service was very slow (despite an 8pm Monday reservation). We sat and ordered drinks and then ordered our meals, we were not served dinner until almost 10pm. Granted there were two appetizer courses, but basically, we waited 30 minutes for our first course, another 30 for the second and another 30 for the 3rd. Not only that, but all of the 3rd course meals did not come out at the same time, it was about 10 minutes between when the first entree arrived and the last finally came. The portions were also comically small. The prawn entree was literally 2 prawns, a mound of hominy the size of a macaroon and 4 fingernail sized pieces of shaved, cured pork. The deviled egg app was just the one egg cut into two and dust with some bacon crumbs. The whole order of Kurobuta Pork could have fit on a soup spoon.
The cocktails are imaginative and the beer list almost always includes beers you've never heard of. However, they are expensive! Almost all of the signature cocktails are $11+. This includes drinks that have cheap liquors as a base such as Old Overholt ($17/750 ml bottle retail). Some of the beer was reasonably priced, but many are $8-9 for a 12 or less pour.
In all, I had 2 drinks and the Restaurant week special and it was over $60 per person after tax and tipFood is just ok , service is great  but I  still love Farmer's Cabinet.....
Looks and FEELS like a real speak easy!!Overpriced and underwhelming. Drinks are an outrageous ripoff. Won't be returning.Delicious food, Fantastic cocktails, great beer. I haven't had anything bad off the menu. I go with friends and family here often and they also rave about the food and drinks. I also like the ambience.
Drawbacks:
Communal dining, not a fan. I like to sit next to people when I go out so I don't have to yell at them, especially when there is a piano player right in the bar. 
Drinks are pricey, bill starts to add up quick.Bar dranking review only - I've never eaten here but some how have managed to end up at the bar quite a few times. I really love the ambiance, love the old timey band,  and its definitely a fun time but why oh why are your drinks so ridiculously expensive?! Although I am here often, I never stay past the first or second round...$30 for 2 little drinks is always my que to leave!I was looking for a nice dining experience when I came across this ,joint.
We were in the area for a convention and happen to be surprising my mom who lives nearby on her birthday. 
The sign is hard to read from the outside, we passed it up a few times.
had a few very expensive beers in the bar while waiting for her arrival.
The bar is very dark.
Once seated, we had a very odd waitress who was a low talker. It was restaurant week, so they had a Prue fixed menu. And aside from that I would say the menu was very small. 
Now this concept is farm to table which i love, fresh, local ingredients. But, the wait for everything was inexcusable. We sat before ALL tables around us and waiting about 1 1/2 for our entrees. Everyone around was served.
Dirty dishes sat on the table for  long time. And the drinks came so sporadic.
The waitress finally said she thought maybe the chef was having a diabetic fit. I thought was odd, instead of stand there over explaining the situation, just get in the kitchen and get our food out. 
Although the food was pretty good, overpriced, and a long wait on food for this place, really took it down a quite a few notches. on top of all that, the dessert came out and then my coffee did like 5 minutes later. Hire new wait staff.I have been coming here since it opened and it has consistently been the same. The drinks can be great and the food-yeah not so much. I have always been willing to look past a ho-hum meal due to the drinks and the service, and that lasted until my  most recent visit. My husband and I went on a double date with some close friends expecting just a nice night out. Instead what we got was overcooked (and absurdly priced) steak and when brought the attention of our waitress-she just simply started ignoring us. No refills on drinks, no offer to take anything back, nothing. So we went to the manager expecting SOMETHING. What was our result? The manager informing us that his mother had the same meal earlier in the night and she loved it so he couldn't understand what we were complaining about. Needless to say now that I am aware that my palate isn't as refined as someone's mother, I am also aware that I will never go back there. Save your money.Went this past Sunday with my wife for the Restaurant Week lunch. Everything was excellent. Who knew a raisin with a taste of Maytag transformed the cheese to another level. It's expensive but very worth the trip.I enjoyed my beer from the mostly imported list.  The punch was also a good choice from a nice cocktail menu but the ice cube took up too much space and we had trouble serving it.  The atmosphere was dark and stormy.  Overall, a nice bar.  I wanted to like the dinner menu, but it was almost trying too hard to be different without any compelling dishes.  This place is huge and I think they are betting big that it will work.  However, I think it is almost a bit too ambitious for Philly.  They will need to have to moderate the menu a bit to keep the seats full.   I am torn between 2 and 3 stars, but based on the high price I gave it 2 stars because I think the money could be better spent elsewhere.I've been interested in checking out the Farmer's Cabinet but as a vegetarian I didn't think they had much for me so I was excited when I walked by the other day and saw they have a tofu sandwich and a seitan  meal.  We just went tonight and I wasn't sure what to expect since some of the reviews were so so but the place seemed cool and not as noisy as other reviews made it sound.  With that said, it was extremely hot.  
We had the tart which was pretty good.  Also the root chips which are fine but not worth it.  My husband got the Elk and found it to be so so and over cooked when he ordered it medium rare (the guy at the table next to us said the same thing).  I was really excited for the seitan and it had a great texture but no flavor.  It was served on a bed of barley which also had very little flavor.   We were too full for dessert.  
All in all the food just wasn't that good and it was pretty expensive.  I would go back for drinks but the food just isn't worth it.ambience -- 4 stars. Cozy environment with wood panels and speakeasy mood. We were sitting at a long communal table and it was quite easy to have a conversation without too much shouting.
food -- 2 stars. everything was not stellar, a bit bland. 
-- Mussels and scallop, bland (the scallops were overcooked.) 
-- the roasted cauliflower apple soup was the best, quite warm and comforting, great for a fall day.
-- sauteed duck hearts were disappointing as well, quite bland and just couldn't get the texture right
wine by the glass was great. both reds were great (from portugal, and central coast pinot).honestly, i didn't come expecting much because of the mixed reviews. but restaurant week here really surprised me and set the tone for the rest of the week. the RW menu was basically choose three from their a la carte menu.
appetizer - duck pierogies: never had duck confit in a pierogy before, but it was pretty good. nothing special about the sauce they used and i couldn't really taste the foie gras. but at three large pieces for the appetizer alone, i'll take it.
entree - rabbit two ways: the bone-in loin way was a bit tough and chewy. the sausage way was fantastic though. unfortunately, the portions were so large, the taste did get to be a bit much in the end. the carrots and beans were extraneous and unnecessary in my opinion.
dessert - caramelized pear bread pudding: simply to die for. if you have a sweet tooth, you must get this.
the portion sizes were HUGE, i felt like i ate two dinners in one sitting. service was iffy at times because there weren't many people dining in the back upstairs room where we were. decor is quirky but surprisingly homey/comfy, you'd never think of it as a "tavern" once you exited the bar area.
if i had to rate based off food alone, i'd give this place 3.5 stars. i'm a big fan of their theme and atmosphere though, and for that i bump it up to 4 stars. seems like a great place to stop by for drinks too.. if only i lived closer....This review only covers beverages and the bar area. I haven't eaten any food here yet, nor sat in the back area.
I've been here a few times. The atmosphere is pretty cool - very throwback saloon feel, what I imagine a saloon would have felt like, but only the saloon visited by the wealthy. In every visit, the staff was very friendly, whether they were serving us or not. They really seem to enjoy their jobs and each other. (If they don't  - good acting job!)  This really makes for a great environment.
I'm no cocktail expert, so I frequently defer to the suggestions of those who are. I have never been disappointed. Christian made a fantastic drink off menu based on my request for a drink with Pimm's. I'd love to recreate it, but it would cost far too much to just get all the ingredients. That, and my drink making skill is limited to adding some liquor to some non-liquor, and stirring. I've had several drinks on and off menu, some new inventions, some traditional drinks, but all delicious. All the bartenders I've encountered (at least five) are quite skilled. They're great asking some questions and making recommendations. Sure, the drinks are pricey, but you're not drinking a Jack and coke here. The prices are worth it.
Pros: fantastically tasty drinks, great staff (both in talent and attitude), great environment, huge beer selection (which I didn't try, but I already know plenty about beer)
Cons: drinks aren't free. One can dream.Do some research... 
Average service, average food with very above average prices makes this not a good stop for me.  In addition the documented abrupt closures of their other stores (http://theelvee.com/?p=1510) makes be very suspicious of this place.  I know my time and definitely my money are best spent elsewhere.nice ambiance, cool communal table, barrels as tables near the bar.  interesting drink options.
our server was a little weird about the drinks, but it was okay.  piano was played throughout the night for entertainment.
nice, chill hangout placeIve been here about 5 times now. The Farmers Cabinet is exactly what Philadelphia needs. Great beer selection, awesome food and excellent staff. From the bar tenders to the servers. Everyone I've encountered was more than helpful and attentive. 
Also the best gin Collins I've ever had.The hostess was nice, then it went down hill.
A busser came over to give us water (I don't know if they have sparkling, no offer), then about 2 or 3 min. later another busser came over with water, he was confused.  So he filled our water up, combined the two bottles of tap water left one on the table and then left.  We laughed, he was cool.
Another 2 to 3 min. go buy, people have sat down next to us by now.  The server comes over and gets drink orders.  We wait about 5ish min.  The people next to us have drinks now, we still don't.
Server comes back and says the drink I ordered with rum in it should be made with gin instead.  This even though the menu says "pick an alcohol and mixer".  I wanted rum, not sure why they say it's not recommended.  My date does not haver a drink and neither do I.  We have been at the table now for a good 15 to 20 min. (real time, not inflated restaurant time), I relent and order another drink.  We also order dinner.  WE STILL DON'T HAVE A DRINK.
And wait....  Eventually the server comes over with my dates drink, not mine.  Awkward.  We wait.  The busser is walking by, I ask to see a manger "I have an issue".  We wait.
Finally, I've had enough and we get up to leave.  Ask the nice host for the manager.  They come over, one has my drink.  He said he was coming over to give me my drink personally to "expedite it".  He said he had my dates drink brought over so it would not die.  WHAT!?  Give the dying drink to a regular at the bar, make two new drinks and get them out to the table at the same time.  We aren't talking Baked Alaskan here.
They were not that busy.  If you ask to see a manager, the first thing that should happen is that manager should get to the table as fast as possible, not wait at a bar for a drink.
Menu looks great!  Wish I had a chance to try it.  Maybe in a month or so I'll give it another try.
Side note, not a fan of the farm tables.FC provides unique beer selection, great decor and ambiance, and a delicious seared foie gras; but meat tasting plate and veal hip portions were small along with a patronizing server.Overall experience 3.5.
It's like stepping back in time here. It's a pleasant surprise from the hustle and bustle out there....Came with my friends for a night cap. The drink menu is quite extensive. A little on the pricey side but I can tell I'm paying for the ambiance. This would be a great first date place, to figure out if you're date is worth shelling out for dinner. It's definitely not the local sports pub. Be prepared to be overwhelmed by the drink choices. But hey...this would be a great conversation piece on your first date.I cannot find one bad thing to say about Farmer's Cabinet. I went in last week with a friend who lives in New York and we both enjoyed it. The bar itself is really cool, with unlabled taps and chalkboards telling you where each beer is from. We had the Evil Twin Flight, which was awesome. The bartender was extremely friendly and knowledgeable and definitely knew his beer. Yea yea the Farm-to-table concept might be a little bit over played right now, but this place does it right for sure. We only sat at the bar but I have to go back and sit down for dinner.
We split the cheese plate, which came with all kinds of goodies, including, as we learned, raspberries soaked in vinegar and then cooked down with sugar. so freakin good. We also split the house cured pork which was super salty and delicious. I had the Pork Belly Sandwich, which came with some kind of slaw ontop of it that was awesome and a side of house made potato chips. Legit.
The best part about the ngiht was that one of the guys who seemed to be very busy all night came up to my friend and I midway through the meal. He handed us a little jar of red jam. "Hey, I thoguht you two might enjoy this. It's RED PEPPER JAM. I eat it all the time. Cheers!" This s*it was so good man. Great place great food great vibe. Definitely check it out.Although I've only been here once so far I truly think this place awesome. I read about it in a Philly Beer magazine, saw a picture and immediately decided this was where I was going that weekend. It was definitely a good decision on my part. Their beer selection is pretty ridiculous, so many options to choose from and enough good beers to please the most educated beer drinker. They serve meat and cheese platters which are incredibly delicious, I just wish they gave a little more crackers and bread for you to enjoy the cheese. The ambiance of the place is awesome, they are going to be brewing their own beer and the barrels in which they are going to age it are setup very nicely inside the restaurant. There are actually two bars, from what I understand one has all the beer taps and the other is a cocktail bar. They staff was awesome, at one point a waitress came up to me and asked if I needed something because she saw me reading the menu. The prices are nothing out of the ordinary for what you're being served but I wouldn't suggest going here if you are looking for cheap beers and meals. I am very happy The Farmers' Cabinet opened and I am looking forward to going there more often.I think this will be one of my new favorite Philly restaurants. When you first enter, you walk through this intimate walkway to discover a classy bar and decorative wall of beer bottles. It was awesome.
Service was a bit slow at first, but friendly and professional. I had a roasted and nutty Belgian ale, which was different than any Belgian ale I've had before. It was really good. My wife had a dry cider, which I was happy to help her finish. They had a pretty extensive menu that besides beer, cider, and wine, included mead.
For food, I had the Bavarian pretzel, butternut squash soup, and pork. My wife had black pudding with boar belly and salmon. Everything was outstanding. We went during restaurant week, so I'm curious to find out if their normal menu is as good.
When we left, I noticed they have a second bar, and their restrooms are also first class. Eager to return.I dined at The Farmers' Cabinet this past Friday night.  I had zero expectations and was blown away by the concept, the ambiance, and the food.  I will definitely be going back soon.  FC has great potential and in my opinion could easily become the hottest restaurant in Philadelphia this year. 
However, before this happens some kinks need to be worked out:
1) First and foremost, the service.  I've only dined at FC once but the service was very spotty from the moment we stepped in the door.  The hostesses were all over the place and our table server was extremely awkward and unfriendly.  For instance, drink orders phrased as, "Can I try the [beer name]?" received a deadpan response of, "Hopefully."
Let me make clear that 2 people in our party of 4 (four-top) are experienced servers, so we aren't some a**holes who have no sympathy for restaurant industry workers.  We get what it's like to be in the weeds and we also get how to be low maintenance guests, but it still had no effect on the quality of our service.  Maybe she was extremely frustrated because the bar was out of a number of the drinks we tried to order, but it isn't enjoyable to have that frustration taken out on us.
Had our server been completely neutral as opposed to downright difficult, this would be a 5-star glowing review.  In fact the culinary experience at FC was so good, yet the service so bad that I was motivated to make a Yelp account and submit this post.
On the bright side, I will say that one of the runners was quite friendly and helpful.
2) As mentioned above, the bar was out of a number of items.  We understand this will happen from time to time especially when managing such a diverse inventory of rare libations, but it impacted our experience.  This could be intertwined with the service, i.e., if the news that a certain item was 86ed was delivered a little more gently, it wouldn't have mattered.  But by the end of the night we were almost afraid to order.
3) This is nitpicky and won't ultimately cause the restaurant to succeed or fail, but our group had trouble with the menus.  Each person was seated with 3 double-sided menus which made it difficult to figure out what was where and how to order.  I would consider a menu book or some way to "organize" all the pieces of paper.  It was kind of hectic.
The food was awesome including one of the best cheese plates I've ever had in my life.  I wouldn't recommend getting a punch bowl until they figure out how to serve it right.  Ours was in some giant glass bowl with a plastic ladel and a hunk of ice in the middle.  We couldn't scoop out a even single drink.  We finally had to grab the ice block and give it to our server and then ask a runner to pour the drink out into a glass for us.  For $45, that was a little bit of letdown.  The drink itself was tasty though.
Bottom line: I have faith that FC will become one of my top 3 restaurants in Philadelphia, but the management needs to really focus on service.I went to The Farmer's Cabinet last night for dinner with a group of five. We have been looking forward to trying it for some time and were happy to finally have the chance to do so. 
The ambiance is fantastic. Truly felt like a speakeasy and the decor was pretty cool. The staff was very friendly, but the service was very, very, very slow. I mean, like painfully so. In the course of a three hour dinner, I only managed to get one cocktail and one glass of wine as our waitress did not come back to our table very frequently.
Food was decent. We had a variety of items. Some of the favorites were the Squab entree, Pork Jowl share plate, and the Chef's Plate (salumi, cheese, pickles). The lows were the short ribs (very rubbery). The cocktail I had was fantastic!  Good job bartender!
Lastly, two strange things occurred. A few in our group ordered a bottle of Bordeaux and, when it came, my husband tasted it and said it was good (which it was). It wasn't until we got the check that we realized that instead of the $60 Bordeaux we ordered, we were given the $105 bottle of something that was NOT Bordeaux....not even close in sound actually. We are not wine connoisseurs by any means, so we probably would not have noticed by taste, so we should have looked at the bottle more closely when it was presented to us, so the responsibility is totally on us, but it felt a little shady. Secondly, when we paid the bill, the manger took our credit cards and did not come back for a good 20 minutes. Finally our waitress had to get him for us. The manager came over and said he accidentally charged the cards twice, so if we had an extra charge we would have to let him know. Both of these instances left a bad taste in my mouth about the restaurant. 
Overall, great ambiance, nice staff, wonderful cocktails...just weird overall experience.Great atmosphere, music, staff put on a bit of character. Bills are put in cigar boxes, while very cute, must be super confusing for staff. Cocktails are worth the extra $, so tasty. I want to love this place, but the food just isn't that good a slightly pretentious- for having to sit uncomfortably in picnic tables. I keep going back hoping for improvements, but I think i'll stick with....awesome bar, not so cozy and tasty.I lived around the corner from this place for a month and a half, and I think I paused to salivate each time I passed the menu. I only recently managed to get IN the door, as lucky for me my food lovin' man had also heard good things about the place. We decided to come here for date night. Our reservation for 8pm was a little un necessary, as the place didn't start filling up until 9 or so. They sat us at a community table, which I think was fun but potentially a little awkward, depending on the arrangement of parties assigned to become friends...but I guess this is the nature of a community table! I suppose we could have changed, but we're pretty easy going and enjoyed the ambiance anyway. I'm not exactly sure what period they were going for, but I appreciated the "theme" ness, it didn't feel cheesy or hokey. 
The drink menu took us a good 20 minutes just to read! They are unique and adventurous and cutely named. My first drink, cortez the killer definitely lived up to its name; it looked like a stiff scotch on the rocks! I'm sort of a wimp and ordered something fruity for my next one, which was also fantastic. To start we ordered an assortment of cheese, pickles, and a meat. I assumed the place would be stingy on the portions, but holy crap! There were 3 good sized pieces of each cheese, a pile of pickled asparagus/mushrooms (DELICIOUS!!!) and what was probably 3/4 if not a whole sausage sliced up. I probably didn't need to order an entree, to be honest, but if you've read my other reviews you might notice that this is usually the case...and I always order one anyway. It was quite a lot of food for just the 2 of us, is my point, and wasn't lacking in quality either. 
Recently I tried cooking broccoli rabe and I hated it. Determined to give it another chance, I ordered the portabella burger adorned with pickled broccoli rabe, fonina cheese, and red pepper aioli. Well, I still am not crazy about broccoli rabe unfortunately, but I ate it because it did go well with the other flavors. There was a mountain of chips too, of which I only ate a few (out of sheer lack of stomach vacancy) I'll admit, I ate the bread. I always pay for indulging in gluten, but I took one bite and decided that sometimes it's worth it. It was light, fluffy, probably some sort of french inspired creation...maybe it's because I never eat the stuff that I was so taken aback by it, but I think that was my favorite part of that meal!
We decided to share a dessert (completely unnecessary). The strawberry cheesecake magic mousse came in a jar (one of the wide bottom ones = big portion!) and was F.A.N.T.A.S.T.I.C. Both of us had to stop multiple times to appreciate it to one another. 
Every table and barrel was occupied by the time our cigar box (check) arrived, and a theme looking band was setting up behind us. We decided to leave before our impending food comas set in, but I think it would be fun to stay for the music one night! 
The food was scrumptious and the staff friendly, it just seemed a little pricey, even for cc. Maybe the Colorado girl isn't used to the big city prices, but at least the portions were hefty. All in all a fun date spot and I would totally go back! (especially if i'm not paying)Score for ambiance, fail for service. I ordered the fried turkey and duck fat biscuits. Turkey was a little-bit dry and under seasoned. The biscuit was good, and I loved the red currant ginger ale. My husband ordered the braised beef rib--delicious it came with the pumpkin bread pudding. That meal was delicious. This place could work on consistency and pairings but otherwise a fun time.Lively and fun speakeasy atmosphere.
I have been here for cocktails only.  The bartender was helpful, the waitstaff adorably attired (vests!  They make men look so handsome!), and music period appropriate without seeming goofy.If theme bars are your thing, go here.  It's like walking into the early 1900's.
On warmer nights, they throw the doors open and let you sit half on the sidewalk while you sip one of the (many) beers they have to offer.  As far as wait staff go, they know their stuff, and are always willing to recommend the newest and greatest thing they're mixing up behind the bar.
Late weekend nights, they have a band that plays live, and the guys are dressed in vintage suits and hats.  I've never eaten the food, but what I've seen looks good, if a little pricey.The food was good.   Prior to sitting at our table we waited at  the bar-  very strange selection of cocktails with very limited alcohol.   The Bartender filled our glasses less than half full brimming over with extra large ice cubes- very strange.     Drinks are way too expensive to have your glass half empty.Loveeeee. 
From the food, the staff, the service, to the music, the dancers, and the decor... everything about it just created the perfect dining experience.
I think this might just be one of my favorite restaurants in the city.Fav bar in Philly - best drinks and best atmosphere, love the band on the weekend playing the old style music so fun and uniqueI must admit - this review is solely based on the beers I had, dinner reservations are for next week.
The entrance is a bit confusing. There are 3 potential doors that you could try. Only one gets you into the place. The other two make you look silly. The other odd thing is the burlap curtain separating the entrance to the hostess. I could see someone getting tangled up in the curtain ala Kramer on Seinfield.
The bar area is on the smaller side. There are two bars. One specific for delicious, imported beers and the other bar is for people who like mixed drinks. Barrels set up with chairs for seating separates the two bars. Lowly lit with a definite wood motif, a la Fork and Barrel, accentuates the place. Did not get a good peek at the actual dining area.
Beer selection is amazing. It was great to sit down, order a beer that 95% of folks never heard (or could pronounce), and overhear people whose afinity for drinking the same wonderfulness discuss the body of the beers. Beers are expensive, averaging around $9. Bottle selection will make your head spin, as it continues the imported rarities not found in bottle shops. Some bottles will cost you close to $40.
Bartender allows for sampling before you dive head-first, which is good. Place was busy. I could see myself getting immersed in great beer and run up a $150 tab, easily. Self -control is the key.I agree with a lot of the negative criticism the Farmers' Cabinet garners (overly pricey drink menu, food can be a little too eclectic), but I've always had a great time when I came here.
Beers are strong, and the selection is great - especially if you like darker beers.  The live music is great, and the retro decor is a welcome change of pace.
Servers were always friendly, albeit over-the-top at times.  Overall, I think it's a great place to visit, you might experience some sticker shock when it comes to the beer, but they're strong, so be careful.Not sure what I missed, but I can't imagine anyone not giving this place five stars.  I normally agree with Philly food critic Craig LeBan but clearly something is different at Farmer's Cabinet in September and when he visited in June.  I do believe the chef has exited and they are moving to the Restaurant week menu in the coming days (the old menu will not be returning.)  So....let's talk Farmer's Cabinet.
I loved the decor...part wood-laden dance/beer hall, part speakeasy, part hunting lodge...there are two bars in the front with the long dining area stretching down the middle.  There are about 5 or 6 tables for larger parties along one wall but the focal point is the dining room long communal dining table.  I'm not a fan of communal dining so I was a bit taken aback when I was seated, but remember, others want to talk to you as much as you want to talk to them....so don't worry about neighborly conversation about kid's summer camp.
The drinks are amazing - from the cocktail list to the extensive beer list.  There are tons of imported drafts and a load of bottles.  I could seriously sit and drink all night.  The cocktails are inventive and the menu paired a perfect cocktail for each item.  As noted, the restaurant week menu was still in effect when I visited (as its to become the new menu) so I had the roasted corn soup which was out of this world.  Seriously, it was like being slapped in the face with a fresh corn cob...and trust me, that's a good thing.  My wife started with the escargot with whiskey butter, pork cracklins, & orange zest - excellent!
For the mains we had the pan roasted chicken which got the rolled eyes of quality confirmation from my wife and I had the grilled pork chop which was perfectly seasoned and accompanied by cabbage & granny smith apple slaw.  Two great mains.  The desserts were also very good and the price fixe made everything very affordable for the quality & experience ($35/three courses).  I look forward to returning, even if its just for one of their amazing cocktails.  Don't miss a chance to have a drink at this bar even if you go elsewhere to eat.I love it here! I guess for some people it can be a very specific dining experience as it is not your typical cuisine. But you don't just have to come for the food since the music, the beer, and the atmosphere really are amazing too! When I first came here a couple months ago, I got a cocktail and a beer and stayed to enjoy some music. I came back on a (not-so-typical) "slow" Saturday night. It was a post-snow storm rainy night a few weeks ago, but it was still pretty happening in there. We ordered the Chef's charcuterie plate to start along with some good brews. AMAZING! My friend got the venison and I got the stuffed quail.  Seriously, everything was spectacular! Well worth the price, I have to say. And the live band is so entertaining. GREAT date spot. Next time I think I'd settle just for that charcuterie plate and some beer.Went into Farmer's Cabinet for Brunch and was taken at once with the decor and ambience. We got to sit at the far end of the benches right next to the barrels of beer that I'm hoping were full and to be tapped soon.
The Beer list was really good and you can't really beat a 7oz pour of 17.5% beer for brunch. Something to try would be the Lamb Sausage Scramble appetizer that was finished in minutes. Overall, the food was good and would definitely go back for dinner.Pre show cocktails. Great cocktail, beer, and wine menu. Go to the back bar for cocktails, where thy make them (we didn't know and stayed at the front bar, it;s always fun to watch them mix). Prices on the high side, first class ingredients, but small portions.the philly dining scene is pretty legit these days. the farmer's cabinet falls into the trend farm to table meets prohibition style bar space. it was hopping on the friday night we visited so i was glad we made a reservation. we sat in the dining room upstairs which was perfect for our girl catch up dinner. it was much quieter and lower key than the area downstairs near the bar which was very busy and loud with a live band playing for most of the night. 
cocktails are pricey and small. i felt right at home. we got the chef's sampler meat and cheese board which was just ok. i really enjoyed the harder cheese option but dont recall what it was. the pickled veggies were just ok. and the 2 meat selections were awfully similar to one another so i wish the chef would have selected a little more variety. we ordered the tomato soup which was sooo good. and we also got the beef short rib which was delicious! one of the best i've had. but i didn't really enjoy the sides which included a large portion of cooked cabbage. 
i really like that this place is both a chill dinner spot and a happening bar all at the same time. wish prices werent so high but it was worth it.When we first entered I was intrigued. I loved the Decor and music selection. We sat down and eagerly ordered. I chose the rabbit because I'd never had rabbit before. My mother got the quail. My girlfriend ordered the chili and duck perogies. 
The food came out really fast. I'm not sure if it was just sitting around waiting for us but it sure seemed like it. 
Never having had rabbit before I sure hope it doesn't taste like that. It was all rubbery and gross. I could not finish it. So I tried some of my mothers quail. Both were dry and just tasted microwaved. The only thing that was ok was the duck perogies. Even those were not worth the money. 
So after all that we decided to get some desert because I was still hungry. We got the egg cream soda and pumpkin cheese cake. I took a sip of the egg cream soda and I was done. It was awful. I took a few bites of the cheese cake and that was terrible. It was extremely dry. Everything there just tasted like it wasn't fresh. I was extremely disappointed. I will not go there again. $112 and I left there feeling hungry!Food is ok but I love Farmer's Cabinet.....
Looks and FEELS like a real speak easy!!I went back on a sleepy Sunday afternoon and liked the place much better when it was nearly empty. It started to fill up to a comfortable crowd by the time we left. They don't do beer flights, but you can order half-size glasses that allow you to sample a bunch of beers without getting too tipsy. My primary issues with this place are the noise, crowd, and poor service. Going at an off-time alleviates these issues somewhat.My rating applies to the Bar at the Farmers Cabinet as I did not have the opportunity to eat there. 
I went to the Farmers Cabinet in June and since I just opened a Yelp account wanted to make sure that I included a review.
I have never been to a bar as unique as this one.  I went with some colleagues from work while at a conference and at first was wondering what I was getting into.  There was this neat Prohibition Era feel to the place and a funky band playing when we walked in.  Some of the lyrics had a little dirty innuendo which was immediately endearing to me...so I sat!
There was something about the ambiance of this lounge that was extremely authentic.  The drink menu looked like it was printed out by an old school printing press and the drink list was like nothing I've ever seen.  There was a little tray for the bartender containing what could only be described as concoctions or potions for the drinks. 
I had this drink which I called Mothers Milk, really it was that good, but I think they called it Salt of the Earth or something like that.  The bartender was pretty serious about making this drink amazing.  She shook the HELL out of it and I believe that she smacked the ice with a spoon to crack it.  I think that you can really taste that extra effort.  
The drink contained FRESH basil and I didn't think I'd ever had a better drink in my life....until I had their Vodka Sour.  It was sometime after my 3rd mothers milk that I did the swap-over.  I proceeded to order MANY of those Sours which were made with the extreme attention to detail that I described above.  I'm positive that it wasn't my buzz that told me this was the best drink I'd ever had in my life because I went back to this bar each and every night I was at this conference just to make sure!
If I ever am lucky enough to get back to Philly this will be the only place I go.  The drinks were a little pricey but worth every penny.  I'm not a serious drinker but this place could turn me into a lush!I'm writing my review not based on a sit down dinner in the restaurant but on the drinks, social scene and service at the bar.  I have dined in the restaurant in the past and I did like it but that review will have to wait until I have a seat in the restaurant again.
Let me start with the one negative I find about the place.  So glaring that it must be mentioned.  This place is EXPENSIVE and that's probably the one thing that keeps me from committing to a 5 star review.  The pros far outweigh this con and there is a lot to love about this place.
I spent Saturday night with friends at Farmers' Cabinet, it's a place caught up in the current rage of speakeasy style, prohibition era watering holes.  So caught up in the nostalgia of the era is this place that the band playing between the 2 bars at the front of the house sticks strictly to authentic 1920s music.  Things come complete with the musicians dressed in actual '20s garb, playing authentic 1920s instruments with the singer singing into a very old time looking microphone.  These guys are a lot of fun.
There were big crowds at both bars.  One bar is the beer bar and the other is the cocktail bar.  The beer bar is very popular amongst suds connoisseurs and I can tell you that Farmers' Cabinet's beer list takes a back seat to no other beer list in the city and it truly is a sight to behold.  The cocktail bar specializes in high end, handcrafted cocktails usually of a whiskey or bourbon base.  The drinks are made with care and pride and they take a while for the hard at work bartenders to make.  On Saturday night I was lucky enough to have four bourbon old fashions made with care by Mikey The Kid, a young man who takes his position very seriously and just may be the best bartender in Philly.  If you order a drink from Mikey, you will realize that this guy is the real deal and you will realize that you are lucky to have him serving you.
Yes, the Farmers' Cabinet is pricey but it's fun and crowded and the drinks are delicious and savory.  I was happy to go four deep and leave the place shitfaced and happy. Yay, I'm a fan and I will be back!!I made reservations with a lovely lady for Valentine's Day at the Farmer's Cabinet (FC). But being a conscientious lover, I made the reservations through Open Table about 6 days earlier.  FC wasn't listed on there a having a special Valentine's Day menu, and a crafty look-see at the website made no mention either. So it was surprising when I got a voice mail on the 13th confirming my reservation, and alerting me of the "exclusive" Valentine's Day menu.
The price was $65 a person, which combined with the embarrassment of being on a dinner date on Valentine's Day, was almost too much for me to take.  Had I known of the "exclusive" menu with the "exclusive" prices, I probably would have chosen a different spot.
Still, it was pretty good. I had the filet with winter vegetables, and while the steak was cooked nicely, some of the vegetables were a bit undercooked. I like my vegetables like I like my porn - with a soft core.
The waiter we had - a bearded, rather burly man - was quite professional. Very good. And the feel of the place is like a very upscale bar, with the well-known homage to the swinging '20s. 
I'm giving it three stars, with the caveat that I'd like to go back to try the full, more moderately-priced menu. 
My lover, meanwhile, enjoyed the meal very much, noting that it was a good thing, too, because my conversation skills are a tad undercooked. Yea, well.
- Billy BluewaterThis is a preliminary review to be edited upon return.  Space gets five five five.  I LOVED this space.  I think that The Farmers' Cabinet is still working out its new restaurant kinks, and it was very slow.  I will surely chalk this up to a just opened glitch, but I wish everyone there had been a tad more apologetic about how long everything took.
I will definitely return though.  The menu and the venue are definitely worth the return visit.Does Phoebe Esmon ever smile? I don't care how good your drinks are, if you're not pleasant I am not a happy customer. 
Other than that, the male bartenders are great! I went to the Farmer's Cabinet twice in the past week for drinks/beer. I love the atmosphere and the piano player/singer on Tuesday night was awesomet.If you are a foody and want a great gastro/beer experience, get ready to dish out some major $$$ for meager portions of not so creative dishes that are overpriced and nothing special.  I will say that is was not bad at all but for the prices and descriptions on the menu the actual plates were weak.   I could have gone to any of the many gastro pubs in the city and had a similar quality meal with a similar but different beer menu and paid half the amount of money.  I actually wanted to go get a second dinner after we left because i needed redemption and felt like after dropping over 100$ i should be full and satisfied.
I would go back there to get a good and obscure beer but thats about it.  Dinner never again.  
Farmers Cabinet... get over yourself,,,, you could have a great thing goin on. loose the attitude and get real with your prices and get a new chef who can be a little more creative.  
Oh yeah,,, if you charge $9 for a beer you should include the tax OR tell your bartenders not to just round up to nearest dollar after he adds tax to the price on the menu.  
ThanksReally looking forward to our night at the Farmers Cabinet..loved the concept and the beer and cocktail choices.  unfortunately the experience was less than hoped for.  Our first waitress was odd and unresponsive to requests for drink and meal suggestions.  Despite difficulties with our first waitress (apparently we got a new waitress without notice) the appetizers which included a cheese selection were great.  When the meal arrived, another disappointment was when eating my chicken, I found it was raw.  Our new waitress was apologetic and immediately returned it to the kitchen.  The manager quickly came over to apologize and offer a glass of wine.  However, when the newly cooked meal arrived, my husband was done with his meal.  All in all, we loved the concept of this restaurant, and would like to give it a second chance.Great atmosphere - I ate here for my birthday and loved the laid-back, rustic feel.  The drinks were unique and EXCELLENT.  I tried one with ingredients that I loved, but failed to notice that the alcohol in it was whiskey (rye), which I don't really drink.  However, the cocktail was so well made, that I drank it, rye and all!  The burger was fantastic and "bacon jam" is a stroke of genius.  I would also like to send compliments to the cheesemonger for his selections.  Our waitress was a trooper, too, really great service.  Highly recommend for a drink/food at the bar or sit-down, although I would recommend the first floor as it has a little more going on down there.The Farmer's Cabinet is a nice place to go for an after-dinner drink.   The one side of the place is a "beer bar" and the other side is a "cocktail bar" so each side has a different feel to it. You can order anything from either bar though.  
Their beer list is extensive.Beers are pricey at more than $7 each but closer to $10.  They have great cocktails, albeit in the pricey $13 range. Cardamom cocktail? Yes please! Every time we are there they have live music.  The band has been like a 1920's jazz band/big band.  Sometimes it is tough to get a seat, so come early.  
It is really nice when the weather warms up and the open up the front of the place and the seating spills out onto the street.  Gotta love Philly in the summer!  
One caveat is that the bartenders were very ambivalent, ignored us, and acted like they did not care about serving drinks.  It was really annoying, especially for how long we had to wait to get their attention.  I don't mind waiting for a drink if it is busy, or for a carefully crafted cocktail, but it really bothers me to have to wait because the two bartenders are joking around or off to the side talking.  It was equally irritating considering how much the drinks cost!There's nothing I love more than a pretentious cocktail on a Saturday night. Don't lie, you love it too. That's while I'll probably see you here next weekend!
Here's the deal: I really don't care if the seating is uncomfortable. Beauty is pain, my friends. If you haven't learned that yet, I can't help you. The atmosphere is fantastic. Amazing. Sort of a prohibition era, jazz club feel. I want to wear a flapper dress and say dahhhling every 5 minutes. 
Also, the cocktails are #1 certified delightful. Take all the time you need to make it boys, as long as it comes my way tasting like heaven. I can get a gin and tonic anywhere, I enjoy places like this that try to be different.
Come here on date night with your main squeeze, or with a group of ne'er do wells that appreciate a well made drink.In town for a convention, we were having dinner and a couple of libations at Oyster House when a local noticed our affinity for whiskey. 
She highly suggested we walk a few blocks and check out Farmer's Cabinet for the specialty classic cocktails (think 1920s and 1930s era) and speakeasy atmosphere. What a hidden gem!
The staff was super friendly -- and running their tails off, I might add. We joined a small group at a communal table and ordered a few rounds. I'll update my post with the actual cocktail names, because it was late and they were flowing. But the craft and skill used to create them was impressive.
The live music was eclectic but definitely fun. Was it early jazz? Dixieland? Some hybrid? The trumpet, drums, tuba, and piano were a great combo. Had a blast all around.Great experience.....unfortunately I only had some cocktails and small plates rather than dinner here this past Saturday night.  Just loved it.  The staff was so friendly and accomodating even though it was incredibly busy.  Great great music and fabulous atmosphere.  This place is truly unique and extremely well done.  I will go back for dinner....and soon!Do drinks and apps, not dinner!  I had read several poor dinner reviews but didn't listen.  Food was average with super tiny portions.  It was a meal that you would eat on a calorie restricted diet to loose weight and it was just average.  For entrees in the $25+ range, you at least expect amazing food!  FYI, they got rid of the burger and pork sandwich, so all they offer now are the expensive entrees.  Bottom line, we spent a lot of money and went to another bar after to get additional food since we were both still hungry.  Very disappointed.  Will not go back, even for drinks.Onwards. So the drinks are fabulous*. Splurging on a house specialty cocktail (mine was called Raconteurs & Roustabouts, and involved gin, yummyness, and spiced beet soda) is a worthwhile endeavor**. They are carefully crafted, interesting, and feel like a rare experience. I'm really into this housemade cocktail thing that's been happening, and it's happening awesome here (I tried all people's drinks, they were all fabulous). The house beers are also yummy, and fairly priced if you feel a little ill at paying $13 for a cocktail***.
The opening appetizers hit a similarly high note. The pickled plate options are all good choices, with my favorite being the beets with caraway. The marrow involved several marrow filled bone bits (duh, that's what happens) that was silky and marrow-y. We were supposed to kinda be sharing dishes, but I couldn't bear to share my heirloom tomato salad. Etc, etc, etc. 
All that said, I wasn't SUPER impressed with my entree (or anyone else's). There wasn't anything wrong with them, in fact they were delicious. I just think the drinks and appetizers built me up to a place that the entree (I had the quite nicely cooked trout) couldn't follow. Next time I would just have three starters, and eschew an entree.
Now, a note on our server. He was not in top form. There was no asking if we had any questions about the (fairly robust) cocktail, beer, and drink menu. There wasn't a lot of effort put into our questions about the food, he didn't ask if we wanted more drinks before our entrees came (oh hell yes we did) and his descriptions of the desserts bordered on hysterical. BUT, I really think he was having a rough evening, and two zillion other waiters came to ask us how we were doing, so if there had been a real problem I feel as though we were being watched over and would have been taken care of.
The ambiance is great, slightly dark without being gloomy, and lots of wood throughout (want to visit the bar and eat at a barrel!) though NOTE: I didn't see a lot of "chairs with back" options for people who might have some bad spines in their party. As sometimes you might. I'd ask while making a reservation, at any rate (there were some seating options against the wall). People were dressed AWESOME. There were jeans and shirts and bowler hats and ties and some musicians wearing 20s-esque garbs. Fun vibe.
Anyway, good times.
*Okay, so I'm not the pickiest drinker of all time, though I do think I can discern what is AWESOME from what is merely ALCOHOLIC (these drinks were both). However, even my pretty snobby partner thought these were rave-worthy. So I say FABULOUS.
**Warning: The Brother Theodore cocktail, which claims to taste like a firepit. Does. If you want to drink firepit, GO FOR IT. If not, avoid.
***They really are quite exceptional though.I have been trying to get this place for the past year.  I finally made it!!  I enjoyed the decor and decided to sit at the bar.  I liked the old barrel tables, the staff's outfits and the dimly lit environment.  
I was just here for drinks and luckily that's all because they were PRICEY!!  You are definitely paying for the fresh ingredients being used, but geez between me and a friend, our bill was close to $80 with about 2-3 drinks each.  
The raid appears to still looming over the staff and the establishment.  It wasn't crowded and the staff was quick to share the details about the ongoing situation plaguing the bar.  
My suggestions - start out with a drink - if you are on a date...then quickly move along to your next destination.CLOSED!!!!!!!
This deadbeat just got sued for 1.3 million in unpaid bills.My husband and I met some friends here for drinks around 4PM on a Saturday afternoon. We had the bar area to ourselves and great service. I loved the atmosphere. The bar is really beautiful and charming. 
My husband is a beer connoisseur, and he was really impressed with the selection. Farmer's Cabinet has a very interesting and unique beer list, and they have something of a private label - beers that are brewed specifically for the restaurant at a brewery in Alexandria, VA. The waiter was very patient while we agonized over all the choices and brought us several samples. 
In the end everyone else ordered beer, but I decided I wanted something girly, sweet, and unexpected, so I asked for a champagne cocktail, any champagne cocktail, inviting a bit of creativity from the bartender. She made me a French 75. It was a good drink, but not really outside the box.Despite having to endure the occasionally immature and overbearing conversations by fellow beer hall patrons, TFC has a great thing going here.  Food, drink, and atmosphere are all on point, and it's their attention to the little things that pushes TFC into heavily favored status.  First an foremost, this may be the most unique beer list in Phila.  About 20-plus uncommon drafts from Italy, Denmark, Scandinavia, and beyond.  Really well-made cocktails that will make you forget which century it is.  Foodwise, I've only snacked on their small plates so far, but fully intend to have dinner in 'The Green Room" soon.  Fondue was excellent, house-baked breads almost brought a tear to the eye, diverse and unusual cheese and dried meat selections (and generaous portions compared with other places offering similar fare), and tasty pickled items.   To top it all off, TFC offered the piece de resistance to kick off Philly Beer Week 2011:  25 Mikkellers on tap!   Woot!