This place used to be the wurst house, now the best...whatever floats your boat...
I've never eaten here, but this place does the trick when I want a nice imported or local brew and I'm at a nearby West Philly House Party.I used to live around the corner from here and I kind of miss being able to call in an order and walk half a block to pick it up. Everything about this place is decent - location, pizza, fries, beer, price. The only real negative is that the actual restaurant is sketchy as hell, especially late at night. Except a LOT of drunk people, ranging from messy college girls to even messier older alcoholic gentlemen. There's a reason I always order out. Their strombolis are a thing of great beauty, though... the "small" vegetarian one ($8.50) usually lasts me 3 meals, and the large one ($11.50) can last 4 or 5. Their menu is expansive and eclectic, but I haven't ventured to try more than the usual pizza-place fare (pizza, stromboli, tomato pie, french fries, garlic knots).I've lived in the neighborhood for 3 years. They have the location and they use it to their advantage. If you ask them about the meaning of customer service, they probably wouldn't know what to tell you. The beer selection is vast but extremely overpriced. Their pizza is mediocre at best. The place is dirty most of the time and the owner is a jerk. if you try to complain about the quality of the food or the overpriced beer, he will have an excuse for you. Don't even think about using the bathroom unless you don't mind port-o-potties. It's as if they don't realize that they have competition and the people in the neighborhood surrounding them have choices and money to go elsewhere.I don't know why this place has such bad reviews. They have a pretty good beer selection, the pizza is good and the staff are very friendly. Try the white pizza with tomato, spinach and ricotta. Yum!I really wanted to like Best House, they have a ton of great deals on campusfood.com and there were a few positive reviews--I'm a very optimistic person--especially when it comes to pizza.
I was initially angry because I am really broke and was trying to use the cool specials on campusfood, and it literally took me an hour--and there were almost no specials available NOT from that website. There were also quite a few specials only available for delivery--I live 5 blocks away and didn't really want to pay an extra 4 dollars for those 5 blocks, but i finally conceded because they had the best deals. That initial hassle started everything off.
I ordered an extra large extra cheese pizza, soda and 3 garlic knots.
The food took over an hour to get to my house--from 5 blocks away. I had to call twice. When the food arrived it was stone cold--and there was no extra cheese. I was waiting outside for the pizza and they called and said they were outside--and clearly weren't. I understand giving a heads up but it was about 3 minutes until they made it to the door--and that's a pet peeve. Maybe that won't bother other people but I was already in an awful mood because of all of this.
The pizza was inedible. I tried to reheat it and the crust immediately got hard and the cheese (what cheese?! there was hardly any) didn't melt or heat up properly. From what I did eat it was beyond mediocre. That coupled with the complications and time of delivery made this my worst pizza experience in Philadelphia.
Garlic knots were good though, trying to end this on a positive note!DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE! WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER.
We ordered 5 hoagies and fries, and not only did it take forever to get here, but we were unsatisfied with it when it finally arrived. 3 of the 5 hoagies were correct, but only 1 was actually impressed with the sandwich. There was no ketchup for the fries, and no napkins.  1 of the sandwiches was supposed to have Turkey Pastrami on it, and when it was unwrapped we ALL unanimously agreed it was ham instead. So, I called to see if we could have a new sandwich sent and give this one back and they refused. After refusing me, they got the manager on the phone and even he wouldn't hear of it. He said there was nothing he could do, and insisted he hadn't made a mistake with the meat. Even the manager, didn't care about keeping his customers satisfied enough to come back. I asked if we could get a new sandwich or have the $ back in exchange for the incorrect sandwich. The best he would do was give us store credit, and he did so begrudgingly. Not that it will ever be used, which I told him, because I don't like to give my business to places that don't appreciate it. 
Overall, this was a very disappointing experience and I don't recommend it. Order from somewhere else.This place is hit or miss leaning towards the more likely miss.  Since I live nearby, I have figured out which cook will make you a proper sandwich and fries if you so desire.  On most days, I'm not curious enough to figure out who's cooking.  I just walk on by...Best House's old name (the Wurst House Pizzeria) more accurately reflects the quality of its pizza than its current name. I haven't tried anything else on the menu, so I can't say whether this description also applies to other items. However, I've never had any bad experiences here. 
The fact that they are just steps away from my front door allows me to just swing by and grab a beer after a long day dealing with crazy people at work. Three stars for the convenience.One of the attractions of my neighborhood- where can you buy decent selection of pizza and have a large selection of beers? I am really going to enjoy having it near my place.Nothing about the pizza here is good. The ingredients seem synthetic, and the final product is salty and greasy.Say what you will but getting pizza until 1am and having a pretty solid beer selection (for PA) is super duper to me. Is it the best pizza I've ever had in my life? Nah, but it's pretty fine! If you want something super crazy, go to Dock Street. If you want something cheap and easy, this is the place.
Also, I'm pretty sure Mos Def is the cashier. Dare to prove me wrong...Ahhh Best House, the amount of pizza I've consumed at this place is some what disgusting. It is conveniently located on 43rd and Baltimore, so after a trolley ride in from Center City after a show or a night of drinking in Olde City it is way to convenient not to stop by for a slice or two. I haven't really had anything other then their pizza so I can't say much but the slices are generally pretty good. For awhile the cheese was a little over cooked and burnt but lately they've been on a good streak and I've been impressed. $2 gets you one slice, $5 gets you 2 slices and a large soda so it's definitely cheap. They actually have a pretty decent beer selection but the prices are a little steep so I usually stick to budweiser or a 4 pack of Beck's if I'm buying brews here. If there is a game being played it's usually on the TV so it isn't bad to just sit down and eat a slice real quick before making moves. The staff is usually pretty cool, sometimes I wish they were a little more friendly but overall they are nice. If you're in the area and are looking for a quick slice I'd say go for it.I got a chicken caesar wrap and jalapeño poppers for a late Sunday lunch.
The wrap wasn't wrapped properly, spilling out its guts each time I took a bite. I couldn't tell if the watered down dressing was actually caesar, or something else. 
The poppers had no pop to them whatsoever, and came with scalding hot sauce clearly wasn't marinara. The combination's only flavor was 'deep-fry'. 
Maybe their pizza is better. I did see a pretty expansive beer selection.This place appears to have quite the bad rap, so I'll give it some love.  I was visiting Philly and Staying at Shaun O's place around the corner.  And when hunger hit, we went here and tried one of their strombolis.
And it was huge - and it was awesome.
I'm sure that there are other places in town which have better strombolis than this place, but I never had the opportunity to check them out.  And every attempt at a stromboli I've tried since (all outside of philadelphia - the birthplace of the stromboli) hasn't compared in the least.
No comment on the pizza, as I never gave it a try.I am Bill M's cousin - I am the one who found a large human fingernail in my pizza.  I talked to the owner - his reaction - mistakes happen.  
Well that about sums it up.  When I reported them to the Health Department I found out they were on the verge of being shut down for Health violations.  
I used to work in a pizza place.  Mistakes happen everywhere.  But if that was his reaction - I wouldn't recommend that anyone eat there.  Unless you like chewing on other people's fingernails.I lived a few blocks away from here for a couple of years and I generally liked it.  Don't be too discouraged by many negative reviews, although, I understand some of the sentiments.  The specialty pizza is good - try the buffalo especially - and so are the subs.  The beer selection is fantastic, just know that it will be more expensive than buying a case of beer, but much less expensive than buying from a restaurant or bar.  (Seriously - amazing brews.)  Basically, it can be a hit or miss place.  Great service some days, other days it can be pretty poor.  But don't miss out entirely.This place is so-so.  On the plus side, they have a very comprehensive menu of greasy goodies that I periodically treat myself to.  They also have a large selection of beers, ciders, wine coolers and such.  They get really busy at times and so if you are ordering in the shop to-go expect a long wait.I've had better luck with Elio's and a semi-working toaster oven. And no, I'm not giving my one star rating based on a single experience. I live down the street, and in times of desperation, I've ordered from Best House. Every time I'm done eating Best House, I make myself promise NEVER to eat there again. But, alas, I always seem to forget how bad it is until the next time I find myself making the same promise.Great beer selection. Not overpriced as other users have suggested. Of course, local brews and lesser known beers wil cost a bit more. Love the Caribbean food here on Fridays. People that work there have been nice.I never write reviews but I had to this time. This is the second time I've tried this place and I will never have it again. The first time, I tried their spaghetti. The noodles were partly cooked and the marinara sauce was really watery. 
Out of desperation for a place that delivered breakfast food, I tried them again last week. I will NEVER make that mistake again. Parts of the potatoes were GREEN, the eggs were supposed to be scrambled but were runny and wet and just tasteless. My bacon had a fishy taste to it and the slices of french toast were thin, COLD, and subpar. oh & the food took 57 mins to come. I will never ever buy from this establishment again and I suggest you don't either.
Go with Evan's on 43rd and locust! MUCH better food and service - they just don't do breakfast.Best House, what a misnomer!
I've had the pizza here about twice. Both times it was pretty gross. I stopped in for a slice one night and didn't finish it. First because it was not the best tasting, second because I ran into a friend who congratulated me on getting the one food that has given everyone he's ever seen eat it food poisoning. I didn't get sick, but I also didn't like the slice that well to begin with.
Best House only gets two stars because of the beer selection. Yeah, as Bill M. pointed out it's a rip off. So is beer everywhere else in Philly. But we pay for convenience, and the nearest alternatives for beer to go are both about five blocks away (Garden Court and Evan's, respectively). So stop by if you need a six pack, but avoid the food.Thanks to all the neighborhood old heads who remember the ol' skool Wurst House baqck when they had the murals of the German guys on the side of the building.  Before the unique, historic structure was bricked over the murals used for plywood.  Back when the food was good and you were surrounded by real wood and old coolers.  And the workers..  Who can forget people like Gloria, Big Doug (R.I.P.), Wiley. Chris, Freddy Lips, La-La-La-La-La-La-Larry, Gary, Matt and of course, Raymond and Bebert.  
"The Credit is Dead.  The Customer Killed It."A better name would be the acceptable house pizzeria.  i would order from here ocassionally when I lived in the area.  The pizza was acceptable, the cheesesteaks were acceptable, the service was acceptable, the prices were acceptable.  
beer prices were on the high side.This is the best pizza we've had so far in University City out of about four places. We especially like their gourmet white pizza with spinach and ricotta.
Delivery can be spotty. Once someone there wrote our number wrong so the delivery man called the wrong number to reach us for about 15 minutes. Why he didn't just buzz our apartment buzzer, I have no idea. 
But that was one out of maybe 20 or so times we've gotten delivery there, and other than that one time we've never had major issues.I just wanted to note how wonderful the owner is- he is always happy and personable- even at 1am with the post-bar crowd bumbling around! I noticed a poster about Haitian earthquake survivors, and he enlightened me about his Haitian church in the city and their efforts to help. Every cent that goes into the tip jar funds resources like food and clothing to an elderly home for those who are very old, homeless, and still struggling after the earthquake. 
Their white pizza is also my favorite- nothing beats it!The pizza is above average, but not amazing. The prices aren't bad, and the people working there are pretty friendly. Inside, it's a typical pizza place; the seating area isn't dirty, but it isn't the cleanest. They are located across the street from Clark Park, though, so if the weather is good sitting outside is a definite option. 
If I were just rating it for the pizza, I'd probably give Best House three stars, but due to their impressive selection of beer, I have to give them four. If you can name it, they probably have it.I miss when this was called The Wurst House... ironically, it was actually the "best" on Baltimore Ave back then, especially with the great curly fries.  Since the name-change and new management, the Best House has gotten greasier and grimier, much less friendly, and overall more disappointing.
Admittedly, I haven't eaten here for a while.  The last time I ordered from the Best House, the delivery guy arrived holding our pizza box vertically under his arm, meaning our pizza was not only mediocre, it was smushed into a gob of sauce and grease.  At that time I switched my cheap food allegiance to Colonial Pizza!Most of the food items are drowning in grease and taste like paper. I give it 4 stars, though, for the few times during the 2011 snowstorms when I would leave my girlfriend to go here and drink craft beers and talk politics with the jaundiced gentleman who is basically an emaciated black Santa Claus.Wurst House RIP...you had great food, service, and a great beer selection.
Best House - far from it's former self, this reincarnate of the Wurst House, just as the namesake did, took a 180 spin in all facets.
The food's great, if you enjoy what amounts to congealed cold food that was supposed to be served hot.  Nice guys at the register, but delivery is seriously lacking.  If a few block delivery didn't take forever and a day, the food might pass as acceptable.  Sure, I probably wouldn't care if I were plastered drunk & would eat anything, but I like pizza served hot, not stone cold.
The steaks are missing that something as well....oh yea, flavor!  Completely devoid of it, bland, super salty, and overly greasy.  Would be great if my taste buds were completely burned off, which is kind of how my mouth felt after eating one these.
I will say acceptable for a slice of their pizza (for sustenance alone) in the rare occasion that there is nothing else open past midnight, or the fact that you're too lazy or drunk to hit up Wawa on 38th St, but thats really about it.  
Too many misses and no improvement over the years to say that it's worth warranting another visit.The pizza is soooo good.  Something about the cheese.. it's a unique pizza.  A lot of the places I go I can say "oh this pizza is like ____'s pizza."  But this place isn't like any of the other pizzas I've had.  I know a lot of people hate on it.. my friend lived in w. philly for 15 years and she kind of tilted her head at me when I was like "!!!!!" about it.  I don't know, everyone's different.  I personally thought it was good.Well, the fingernail alert certainly has me running for the hills in terms of consuming any of their food.
However, the half cans of Sparks they sold the last time I was there were AMAZING, so I'll throw up three stars just for that.Super greasy, tasteless pizza and an unapologetic staff. The reason I'm giving Best House more than 1 star is for the beer selection. It's a convenient location for a beer run and they have a large assortment, great for creating your own 6 pack.Best House used to be a place called the Wurst House. Pretty clever on the part of the new owners, eh? The newbies turned it into a run of the mill pizza place, which is pretty unimpressive in both service and food. There's a small dining area with a television that usually plays the local sporting events, and most times that I've been in there, I've found one or two homeless-looking guys drinking at one of the tables -- apparently they pay for their booze, so the owners can't complain.
The advantage of the place? It stays open until twelve every night, one a.m. on weekends, making it the only place to grab a slice in three block radius -- and three blocks can make a big difference when you're a hungry college kid with a car. They also, as I indicated above, have a pretty decent collection of beers by the case.I've personally been going to the "Best House" for more than ten years and can honestly say, it's one of the few places in University city that offers a wide selection of not only food , but beers as well. With such a wide variety of domestic and international beers to choose from their my number # 1choice for pizza points in University City.The delivery is awesome.  I don't mean the actual food (which is totally adequate).  I  mean the delivery service.  I moved to philadelphia a few months ago.  I've lived all over the country (CA, IN, NY, PA).  And there is something weird about delivery in Philly.  They apparently don't deliver food to your door.  
I order a lot of delivery (27 times since I moved).  And delivery people have called from 1/2 mile away asking me to come out.  Or they have called when the arrived asking me to go out and look for them.  Or they have called saying they were at my door - and when I walk to my door and open it they aren't there - they are 2 blocks away in their car.  No other city that I've lived in has done this.  
Best House was the first delivery place to actually come to my door and ring the bell and deliver my food.  They came to the door.  They rang the bell.  I opened the door.  There was my food.  Seriously, in 27 food deliveries, this was the first time a Philadelphia delivery person came to my door and delivered the food without some kind of hassle.  And the food was cheap (less than $20 for dinner for me and my husband).  And the food was tasty.I only give this place 2 stars because the beer selection is good...
but the food is awful!
That pizza has nothing to do with real pizza... really fatty and heavy in the gut.
Also the burgers and cheessteak is not tasty at all!
The staff is unfriendly and in front of the place there are sometimes homeless people hanging around and drinking beer!Crappy food, zero ambience. The only reason to visit is to pick up beer or a soda...and you can do that at the bodega between 42nd and 43rd on Chester, where the beer selection is better and the service is friendlier.1. The delivery service is rude, cranky, smelly and late. 
2. The pizza is bad. Mice sniff it and, appalled, run away in fear. 
3. The beer selection ranges from mediocre to wino-classics 
4. The ambiance is that of a cafeteria in a Freddy Kruger Nightmare 
5. My first time there I thought I'd accidentally walked into a soup kitchen. Then I realized no, this is the place and the rest of the patrons are just extra busted. 
6. If you think barely human treatment is your thing, go here. Otherwise, it's a college neighborhood: there are many other joints like it that do their business model better.While some of these reviews are horrific and some are great, mine are right in between. I went here, I was happy to see they had pizza ready. I asked what was fresh and was told everything is and the pizza maker asked me if I was looking for anything in particular.  The cashier was very busy and I paid while he was on the phone the whole time. He gave me a drink that I didn't order, I told him I only wanted pizza and he said it was free. I was confused and only wanted pizza, so I left the cup there. 
The pizza was ok, I had a BBQ chicken pizza -way to much sauce and a tomato pie -mediocre. For a place called best house, the pizza is real middle of the road. My total was just less than $6. I would return only if I was hungry and  wanted slices already made.Ordered wings for the Super Bowl this year and it was so so so dry. I wasted my money never again. I'm sure their pizza were ok but wow. Made me sick to think that dominos was my first choice and I opted for this place. Lazy=bad decision.i wouldn't worry about the food, because they have the most fantastic beer selection within 34 yards of my house, and franz, who runs the joint, is the jam!!  
buying your beer here is an exercise in social justice or at least good for your black-out!! people power!!!
if you're broke, like me, i recommend the 4 Becks tall cans for $5...When I moved away from Philly I told my friends I would eat a cheesesteak before leaving the area.  They were all shocked since I don't eat meat.  But it is one of the things I really love about the city.  I moved to the DC area and that didn't seem quite far enough to become carnivorous once again.  So one day I walked in to the Best House and saw that they have a VEGGIE Cheesesteak!  OMG!  I wondered if it would be good.  So I tried it out with fried onions, mushrooms, and provolone cheese.  All I can say is that I don't feel like I am missing out on anything by skipping the meat.  It was tasty.  I have had both the faux chicken and the faux steak... umm both taste the same to me... Good.Best House Pizzeria is probably the closest thing to good pizza your going to get in the West Philly area. Every other place I've tried around here is repulsive, BHP makes good thin crust pies and pretty good specialty slices. Their buffalo chicken slice is great and the bbq slice is up there too, their cheese steaks are also on the money if you aren't feeling like pizza.   
The best part about this place though is their beer takeout. You can buy mixed six-packs, and for a hole in the wall pizza joint, they have a ridicules selection of micro brewed beers, as well as the standard Pabst pounders and 40s.    
The only drawback (for some) is that  there's usually at least one or two down-on-their-luckers' chilling out in the booths drinking a 40 and watching tv. Most of them are nice, but once in a while a sloppy one will try to spark a slurring conversation which can get a little uncomfortable if you aren't used to those kinda situations. 
In Manhattan or N. Jersey, this place might not survive, but in West Philly, its tops.Good fries...and that's about it.
Most expensive 6 packs ever.  Pizza tends to cause stomach pain (which didn't stop me from trying it multiple times).  Place is usually clean but is overall more than a little rundown.Some how using the standard chicken steak material they make one of the best chicken cheese steaks I have ever had. Great selection of beer and they are usually rather decently priced. Awhile back after I tore my hamstring and wasn't able to leave my apartment the delivery guy here was nice enough to help me out.To my knowledge, Best House doesn't have beers by the case, they're not allowed to, in this great state that we live.
However, as Jon may've been hinting at, they do have cooler upon cooler filled with single bottles of various domestics and imports for your mix and match to-go's (at a premium price of course).
The food is quite run of the mill, but the specials are a bit better than the West Phil competition. 
I like the staff, though it's been a while. The guys and gals here are friendly, and while you won't wanna stay, they do set themselves apart from the pack a bit.The Best House deals are a scam.  My roommate goes there for their "great deals" and almost always gets an attitude from the counter person.  Monday, they denied they had the deal; then he called my friend cheap! Since then they have removed the sign for the deal.
In addition they are very dirty inside the establishment and out.  I live up the street from them and when I walk my dog around the corner I am seriously disgusted by the waste barrels filled & covered in frying oil sitting on the corner.   
Some time ago I did buy beer from them and one of the bottles cracked when I opened it.  So, I took the beer straight back to them and the counter person argued with me about me lying and said I cracked the  the bottle.  I have never been back.  The place is a disgrace.horrible pizza delivery service!
excellent beer selection! $4 for a large sierra in a bottle...can't go wrong in outdated-liquor-law-PA.A great place to hit up for beer selection, as they have a fair amount to choose from....get a 40 of Colt .45 here or go classy with a pack of Dogfish IPA.
The pizza isn't too bad...I usually hit it up if I am out of food at the house. The BBQ chicken pizza isn't too bad...and considering two slices of pizza cost me $5 last night, I was a happy camper.Their pepperoni pizza is one of the best pepperoni pizzas that I've ever eaten before. I just ordered pizza, but I saw other people ate other things, which seemed impressive to me. Maybe I'll try some day, I just forgot the names of the foods. It's too hard to me to remember them, which is kind of an issue...-__-=Though it's pretty clear that this is an overpriced beer vendor masquerading as a pizza parlor, I decided to try a slice of the pizza.
First time in my life I did not finish a piece of pizza.
This is the most convenient place for me to buy malt beverages, though. Adequate selection of Mike's, Seagram's breezers, Smirnoff Ices, for when you want to overpay for an incredibly sweet, 3.5% alcohol beverage, and then have a sugar overload instead of a hangover. Why do I keep doing that?This location is closed says a hand written sign
The owner was always kind to everyone there and sometimes had to tell the drunk regulars to behave.
He also held yearly missions every Christmas to Haiti where he brought medical supplies, food and clothing to the locals.
If he indeed is gone,m he will be missed.Good beer selection.  Owner and staff are super pleasant.  Yeah, it's just a place for quick unhealthy eats, but they do it better than anyone else in the area.  The menu is also pretty diverse and they have great Caribbean specials on (I think) Fridays.  If you are in the area and want something no-nonsense and tasty, go for the Best House.This is my workplace's go-to options for ordering out at lunch, and I can't stand it when the guys decide to order here.  The orders are routinely incorrect once delivered, and I've gotten food poisoning from the pizza on two separate occasions.  Definitely not risking it anymore.Ordered from here a few times when my girlfriend lived on campus at Drexel.  They had a $5 large, one topping pizza deal for a while (they still may) so it was a clear option for a pair of college kids.  
Their pizza sucks...that's really the clearest I can make it.  It's a cheap sauce, super greasy overall.  It's a $5 pizza that tastes like a $5 pizza.  
Their over food isn't any better really.  Fries were always soggy.
My girlfriend liked the mozzarella sticks and garlic knots.Another crappy West Philly pizza joint. This place has bad pizza, bad sandwiches, bad everything. Service usually consists of some deadpan clerk mumbling things at you as you pay. The only good thing about this place is the beer selection, but considering you could just go anywhere else to get beer, why would you bother going here? Don't waste your time here. It's unfortunate that such a nice location next to Clark Park is wasted on a place like this.Average pizza. However, if you get their "combo" deals, it works out alright. For example, one is if you get 2 slices, you get a third free. The best thing about the Best House is that it's open late, has a great drink selection (especially for the neighborhood), and is run by friendly people. Try something not on their menu when you're there.. it's called a "zipolee." Sort of like fried sweet bread dough topped off with powered sugar. The Best House isn't the best in Ucity (Allegro's is) but it gets the job done.Nasty, disgusting ambiance, filled with drunks.  I've never seen anyone actually eat their food, and I'm pretty sure there's a good reason for that.  Avoid.I've been back a few times, the pizza was good and I didn't get sick.I wanted this to be my new pizza place. The pizza would probably get 3 or 4 stars. The problem is it makes you sick to your stomach. The first time I ate here I had an odd feeling in my gut about 15 minutes later. The second time I ate here I got a crippling pain in my stomach. My friend that ate with me had the same issues. I ended up taking a nasty dump about an hour after eating and luckily that took care of the problem.
AVOID unless you like painful shits.I've got nothing against this place.  They've never given me a reason to be bitter.  The food is below average and they post multiple (poorly) hand written signs everywhere (i.e. no free refills) which are kind of annoying.  
But what really earns them my first one star rating is the abundance of people that appear to be homeless.  I'm giving the other patrons the benefit of the doubt because I don't know their situation or their story.  All I know is there are dirty people that sit in the booths drinking 40s for what appears to be most of the day.  Lastly, no smoking means lots right outside!  Expect pictures to be posted soon.
Lastly, shame on Best House for putting a coupon in the University City Newspaper that expired six months before the newspaper was printed.Fingernail alert! repeat. FINGERNAIL ALERT!!
My cousin found and nearly digested a cuticle that was in his slice of buffalo chicken pizza!  -barf-
sorry about that!
go here for the beer because they have the best variety in West Philly. And you can even do mix a six like they offer at The Foodery. I just can't recommend the food under good conscience.
4 stars for the beer, -2 stars for the food. 2 stars total.How can a place get any worse after you already found a Fingernail in a piece of their pizza? By realizing that it's take out beer is a total rip off off course!
It does have the convenience of doing mix a six like The Foodery does. And to the unassuming eye it seems pretty awesome. But eventually your going to pull up your six pack and realize that their charging upwards of $5-10 for a single beer. At the Foodery you may find beers that are worth that price with the size of the bottle to match. But not here! They also charge $8-10 for 6 packs of PBR and Lager cans, when you can get them for $5.75-8 at a spot that's not too far away from here. At least things like the 4 pack of Becks for $5.50 and 2 40's for $5 can be somewhat awesome in a ghetto fantabulous sort way. But there's no way that I can recommend here.
At least they were honest when they used to be called Wurst (worst) House. But now it's just an epic fail all around!