I've been patronizing the juice room since it first started in the old video library. This is hands down my favorite place on the avenue. I used to make my own smoothies at home, but I haven't bought frozen fruit in over a year. Their smoothies and juices are great. They also have good soups and hummus. I greatly appreciate the fact that the place is ALWAYS clean. The employees are super nice and so is the owner. If you're looking for a place sit and chill while drinking a healthy drink, the Juice Room is the place for you!My pregnant belly was very happy to have found this spot and so was my hungry husband. All of juices are great. I have been filling up on the green smoothie, and it's sweet enough that I don't need the honey. 
Looking forward to getting back here soon. Also hoping they add some organic options, too.Love love love their smoothies, and their different kinds of soup they make fresh. My favorite is the curried carrot, and it comes with a hunk of rustic bread, just delicious. Also they started carrying these pops the chocolate with sea salt is so yummy.I love this place so much,  it has so much charm and character.  I have being going to them since they were in what was the old Video library.  I like a lot of their smoothies but i think my new favorite is the Che Che cole. Everyone there is so friendly and helpful.  Im a nanny and often take in my little guy (Kevin) and he loves it there,  they have a small area with toys and books.  This is a little gem of a spot.Love me a juice bar, and the Juice Room is literally a couple block walk, so it's very convenient. 
Great juice selections as far as pairing of veggies, fruits and roots for tasty and healthy drinks. Smoothies and a small refrigerator of sandwiches and snacks are there. 
Only bummer is no organic options... But, better to get the non-organic vitamin/mineral rich juice than none at all, right?Bright, colorful, clean and comfortable environs; lots of fresh juice drinks to choose from; tasty homemade soups as well. A nice place to stop by!First time visiting, had the green smoothie. Very good, great service,
Courteous staff.I frequent the Juice Room as often as I can, often going out of my way for their 'Refresher'. Beyond their irresistible selection of juices, smoothies, and whole foods, there's a powerful cause and concept behind The Juice Room. The owners are sweet, the environment is mild and calming, and the menu is wallet-friendly for a Philly-based juicery. I couldn't recommend the Juice Room enough.I am so happy I found this place. The smoothies makes me feel energized and I love the baked goods. There is also some sandwiches that are delicious. The only thing I wish could be added is an option for warm sandwiches. The prices are good and the food is great.Love them!!! Their smoothies are AMAZING and the vibe in the cafe is so dope!!Great spot for an fresh juice or a healthy bite to eat. 
It would be nice to see the soups vary a bit more, it seems like they are always the same few on tight rotation when I am in there.This place is just what the Ave needs, a place to get a little something that's healthy in a comfy atmosphere. The new space (in the old Food For All storefront) is bright and cute. The smoothie with Nutella and banana is to die for. BONUS - they have all kinds of alternate milks!  I hate when a place only offers soy, bleh. They have almond and coconut!  Give them your business, you will be healthier for it!When you're trying to decide between watching "Mud" or "Despicable Me," you can fortify yourself with a shot of wheatgrass juice or any of about 2 dozen made-to-order juices. I suggest their Blood Love, a devilishly red combo of beet, carrot, spinach and ginger. 
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable (both about juices and about movies), the video selection impressive, and best of all, you can pick up a couple of pints of Bassetts ice cream on the way out. They have several kid-friendly flavors, but my pick is always the WHYY Special, which combines chocolate covered pretzels and a thick caramel swirl in a creamy rich vanilla ice cream. This is not ice cream for dieters, but it is good!This is a very cute spot with a great selection of juices. I ordered the Green #1, easy on the apple today. Fresh fruits and vegetables were pulled from the fridge display, including kale, cucumber, celery, romaine lettuce and apples to press my juice fresh, on the spot. A large 20 ounce cup ran me around $7, and I added spirulina for an extra $1. It's very tasty, I'm sipping it now for lunch.
I don't know what took me so long to check this place out. The decor is very colorful, the interior is spotless, and there are numerous comfy bench seats. I'll certainly stop in again, now that I've tried it once.I usually just get smoothies and muffins here, both of which are always fresh, delicious and reasonably priced. Today I ordered the caprese panini, which was served hot and toasty off the grill. It was sooooo good - roasted tomatoes in place of fresh amped up the flavor profile and balsamic balanced everything out. Perfection!Being an avid juicer I make sure to get my daily fix each and every day. I'm in town for a bit so I checked yelp and found the juice room. The reviews looked good so I decided to give it a try. I'm happy to report that this place is legit and very worthy of my money. I ordered a custom juice which came out exactly how I wanted. 
I'd gladly recommend this juice bar as its well worth the 5 stars I'm rating it.Went here for the first time. Was a great experience. Quaint sitting area. The owner was very nice and recommended me the La Playa juice which was refreshing. They have a loyalty card ( 10 drinks and get one free). Would definitely go back to explore more juices.I love this spot so much. I've had a dozen things on the menu, and it's ALWAYS made fresh and in a timely manner. Love the option to add on or take away anything you like! It really makes it a unique experience every time you go. I work nearby and my team and I rave about this spot to our clients and friends. We make weekly- sometimes DAILY- trips to The Juice Room. Their hummus and soups are also just about perfect. Their new cold-pressed bottled juices are ALSO amazing! I typically take out, but the inside is warm and cheery with ample seating, and TOTALLY kid friendly.I love the Juice room! I go there almost every day, it's a great meal substitute if you are like me and constantly figuring out what you are going to eat because you are not good at planning meals. It's healthy too!I was super impressed with their ingredients list, and how reasonably priced everything is. They'll substitute anything you want, too.
Their sandwiches are pre-made and their soups were all vegan when I visited. I got a smoothie for breakfast but plan on coming back for lunch!I go to the juice bar often (a great addition to an already awesome establishment).  They have a wide selection of juices and the staff is extremely knowledgable if you need any help.Very chill atmosphere - takes me back to the bohemian cafes in Brixton! 
This place is half delicious eats and half healing medicine for me...Malikha and her staff are welcoming and have so many juice and smoothie concoctions! The soups and sandwiches are also great...make it a stop on your list!Stopped in for a green smoothie last week. Very good, could have skipped the honey though as I prefer things on the bitter side. Price was comparable to other juice bars. I still prefer Four Seasons in the Terminal Market, but it is nice to have a place right in my neighborhood!Great selection of smoothies & juices, made fresh to order! I also really enjoy the snack selection as well; it's nice to munch on some kale chips with my juice. Can't remember what the specific name of the juice is, but I definitely recommend the carrot Apple ginger blend, with a shot of wheatgrass on the side. Very tasty!So amazing!!  The people that work there are so sweet and helpful.  I got the Green Smoothie and it was perfect.  The free WiFi worked really well.  It would be nice if they had the WiFi password posted somewhere.  Overall, it was a wonderful experience.Soooooo slow. The girl making my juice literally asked me 4 times what juice I ordered. I waited for 20 minutes. :(Great soups, great smoothies and juices! 
A nice place to chill and relax and kid friendly which is always nice for parents.I've been going here for years and have been juicing for even longer. From what I've seen The Juice Room has the best quality, prices, food, and juicing options out of its competitors in all of Philly. 
The environment stands out the most with it's colorful, bright, multicultural vibe. There is actually another juicing chain in Philly that is dark and dimly lit so The JR is a beacon of light that sets a different standard. What stands out the most though is the play area for kids which makes it come across as inviting to the local community. 
Parking usually isn't problem (although bring your quarters). To round it off JR has wi-fi, nice customers, nice employees, and fun seating. I can't see a reason to remove any stars from it's rating. Well earned.Delicious juice and smoothies!  My favorite juice is the La Playa.  My favorite smoothie is the Sol Rise, although really every smoothie I've had has been delicious.  I love their new space, where you can hang out and read a book or check your email while sipping a juice.Best all-natural juices, smoothies, and soups on Germantown Avenue!  They even offer multiple flavors of Bassett's Ice Cream (and toppings to go with it), which I've never gotten from here, though it's a nice complement to the healthy selections the Juiceroom offers.  While the environment is family-friendly and looks like a fun place to hang out, I haven't yet had the opportunity to sit in, but hope to do so eventually.  I'm not big on the whole green smoothie craze, but I've tried a number of their other smoothies, and there are selections to satisfy everyone.  My favorites are the Mocha Java (coffee, banana, Nutella, and your choice of milk), the Che Che Cole (banana, peanut butter, Nutella, and milk), and the Morning Rush (strawberry, blueberry, honey, granola, and milk).  So glad the wonderful mother/daughter team (whose names escape me) who runs the Juiceroom were able to give themselves a new home in the space formerly inhabited by Food For All, and I hope they stay there as long as they can!Best juice in town..wasn't able to yelp the last time I was in the area but I can today!!I started doing a juice cleanse and I came to the Juice Room because the product is always fresh and tasty and the customer service is good. The price point is perfect. Why go to a market and get 16oz for $8 when I can come here for the same amount for less than $5. It's a no brainer for me!This place is conveniently located on Germantown avenue. Today was my first time trying it. I'm trying to get healthy and eat and drink better. So I decided to get a smoothie for lunch while on my break. It's a nice cozy space, not too big but not too small either. I'd say typical cafe size. The staff is very friendly and polite and they are prompt/quick as far as making the smoothie. Today I had a medium Acai smoothie with almond milk. It tastes great and it only cost me 5 bucks and some change. I highly recommend this place and I will be back.They have a great selection of fresh pressed juices. In addition, they have a colorful ambiance with seating and wifi.  I wish the child nook was a bit larger. It's tucked in a corner with a table obstructing the way a bit. It's hard to get more than one child in that area. But they have a nice selection of toys and puzzles.We go to the Juice Room regularly, it's a wonderfully cozy, inviting, kid friendly spot. My daughter and I enjoy our tasty juices, play with the great toy selection and watch cars, truck and buses go by through the big bright front window.  One of our favorite spots in Mt. Airy!This is a great place to work or relax and also s a tiny kid play are. Great cold juice and plenty of snacks. Fantastic soups. Great air conditioning in the summer and clearly a place to build community. Clean bathroom. I will be back weekly.They were really nice. Green smoothie was delicious and exactly what I needed after an intense spin class. Tried one of the wellness shots which was a bit pricy in my opinion but it was good. Will def come back and try other itemsGreat atmosphere and customer service when I walked in. After explaining what I was in search for he mad a great suggestion that also taste delicious. I will be returning.I love this place! Delicious smoothies! Quiet. Has board games. Hung out here for an hour on a Saturday afternoon and it was lovely. The food sounds delicious - will have to try next time. Also has nice staff!Nice selection of different smoothies and juices with the option to add to them. They also have wheatgrass shots!!! 
I did see that they had packaged sandwiches and salads as well as chips, nuts/trail mid and tea.
Very calming and relaxing environment.I love that I have a juice/smoothie bar close to me now! Parking downtown Mt. Airy is hard to find so we just parallel parked on a side street.
Walked in at 8:15 am and there wasn't a line. One person working the counter and she was friendly and prompt with our orders. 
They have a nice variety of items on the menu. I love that you can "create your own adventure" with juices. They even have cold-pressed juices to go!
My husband and I ordered the che che cole, we love pb, banana and almond milk smoothies, and who doesn't love a little added love of nutella in their smoothie!!
In case you are a coffee addict they have a coffee smoothie as well as hot coffee.
Affordable for fresh, healthy products, I pay more for Suja drinks and they are from California. I would much rather have fresh and local.I wanted to like this place but I could have probably made a better smoothie for less money at home. I had to pay extra for soy milk on top of a mediocre smoothie that was already $6+
My smoothie (blueberry something or other) was watered down and not flavorful at all. Also, the amount of horrible plastic cups this place must go through...
Add to it that the lady who was working that day was a miserable human.I LOVE THE JUICE ROOM. The green smoothie is my favorite. Delicious juices, really nice people, great soup - love it. So glad it's in the neighborhood.Delicious, fresh juices. I am not always a fan of fresh juices because of the consistency, but my juice was smooth with not too much pulp. I got the Sunshine and my husband got the La Playa--both looked and tasted great. The Room itself is brightly decorated with a nice amount of seating and a play spot for kids. We will definitely return.Unappetizing. They gave me wilted arugula. As you can see from the photo, it's a yellowish brownish color. I hope I don't get sick from this. The turkey is also very dry and they put too much Dijon mustard on the bread that it's overpowering. The bread is dry and hard to chew. 
Attention to Management: please try to use fresh greens in your sandwich. Also, adding tomatoes to this would be a nice touch to balance the saltiness from all the mustard. Thanks.
Update in response to the owner: I understand that the greens will wilt under the heat, but are they supposed to turn yellow too? I don't know how fresh the arugula was considering greens, if not used frequently, can go bad. A lot of people (whether making the food or consuming it) don't pay attention to these details but I just happen to because I've worked in the food industry before and I care about quality. Some people don't care about these attention to details. I just wanted to share my experience with this because I have gotten sick from eating wilted/bad spinach and it gave me food poisoning.I can't believe I haven't stopped in here sooner! I love the vibe, staff & menu! Great options & most importantly, they have great prices!! You can grab an Oz of wheatgrass & a sandwich for $10-$11!!! Seriously, stop by and get something!Love love this place. Delicious variety! I craved this place while I was pregnant. Their juices taste so fresh and simple! Since I live so far away, when I go I usually get a couplr different juices, covers me for like 2 days. Then I want more!Love this place! All healthy options starting from the smoothies, to the muffins, to the sandwiches. One if the best smoothies I have ever had. Would totally recommend this place.A cute spot on Germantown Ave, in Mt. Airy. Quaint little shop with colorful whimsical decor, selling juices and smoothies. They have a pretty extensive selection of drinks to choose from. The drinks come in 3 sizes and prices, whether you are getting a drink or smoothe. Small $4.35, Medium $5.25 Large $6.25. The smoothie I decided on was "The Green Smoothie" (Spinach, Kale, Banana, Mango, Honey)  The girl who worked there said it's their most popular smoothie. It was pretty good, nothing special. The staff was friendly and helpful. There wasn't a ton on people here on a saturday afternoon, so service was fast. I would definitely return.This place is sooooo cute!!! I didn't know know this place was around the corner from me I just really wanted a clean healthy juice and I decided to get on Yelp. I went through the menu and asked the guy at the desk a few questions he was very knowledgeable about the juices. moothies and food which led me to my final decision!This place is located in a great spot right on Germantown ave. Very close to home for me and is a healthy option when I need a good cleanse out or I feel for something sweet and delicious like a smoothie. Their decor is quaint and eclectic. It is also conducive for spending quality time with ur children as u both enjoy a shake. Their service is fast and staff are both pleasant and helpful. I don't think they will disappoint.Visited here 2x so far. Quick service. One my 1st visit I had the 12oz refresher juice, a shot of wheat grass juice & the black bean soup to go. I asked the young lady behind the counter if the beans were whole or puréed she stated puréed. To my dismay when I got the soup home and opened it they were not, so I just put the soup into my Vitamix, it was delicious. 2 visit I had the green #2 juice which tasted more like celery than any of the other ingredients. I had the Moroccan chick pea soup which was just ok. Overall I would recommend this spot. Appears very clean, has space for inside dining & play area for kids. Very Bohemian hand me down decor. They also have a rewards program.I love the juice room i go there every other day the staff are friendly and my favorite juices, the green juice and morning rush I love the chicken sandwich make sure you tell them to heat it up and try one of the muffins delicious.....The Juice room is one of my favorite spots in Mt. Airy. Trying to kick the daily Latte habit is easier for sure with some of their fresh juice or smoothies! 
Their new location (in the former food for all space) is awesome. Lots of space, bright colors and great wifi!Cute little space, lots of smoothie and juice options. I got the green smoothie which had a strong banana taste but was very good! Reason for 4 stars is that it costs $.10 for a paper straw...? This really threw me off - not sure what the point of that is, but the smoothie was good! The staff was also nice.They have such a great variety of juices so you're guaranteed to find something you like. Cozy atmosphere with personable staff! Will be returning!Great Food !!
I got a Caprese sandwich and a Açaí smoothie and both were amazing - I would definitely recommend !!!I visited Philadelphia over the weekend  I ordered the turkey bacon but with avocado  and mozzarella. When I tell you whoever made that sandwich is cooking with LOVE. That sandwich was soo good and everything was fresh. They get a big thumbs up.Delish freshly squeezed juice, great sandwiches and a large variety of both. Friendly staff. Only downside is the wait time is long.The food is pretty good but I just ordered from them and they forgot half my sandwiches. They didn't have much to say other than "oh sorry" and "we didn't see it". The woman in the phone did seem to care very much and didn't offer anything other than "you can get reimbursed". Which is only so helpful when I've waited over an hour for 1/2 sandwiches. Also how do you not see 1 out to 2 sandwiches? I just don't understand the lack of professionalism. If any line of work, arriving to the client with half of what they expected is terrible, no different here.My roommate decided to get takeout from here.  She offered to pick me up something so I chose the caprese sandwich.  It's possibly the best sandwich I have ever eaten.  It's so tasty, the bread is so soft, and even after I left half of it sitting on the counter for a few hours because I couldn't eat it all at once it still tasted awesome.  This sandwich is such a pleasure to eat.AMAZING! I'm new to the area and I'm used to having a huge variety juice/smoothies spots; and I've been shockingly surprised that it's not popular in Philly or there aren't many options. But atleast I was able to find this GEM. Customer service is fair, honest, and real. What I mean is when they're busy and can't talk to you immediately... they say hey we're busy please be patient while we catch up and come help you. Now the quality... BOMB. Their recipes are good and the alterations that's allow are awesome. I'm reserving my last star bc I have not tried the food they serve and I'm hoping they add other ingredients such juices collard greens or adding seamoss as a addition to a order. DOPE spot.Favorite place. Always get the pb and banana smoothie or the green smoothie. Usually good . Only suggestion is to use less ice. Other than that,no issues. I have been visiting for about 4 years. Would recommendI woke up with a hangover, purchased the Solrise smoothie( banana, mango, and strawberries with  low-fat vanilla yogurt) and I feel brand new. Friendly and quick service! Will definitely return.I came to this little place about two years ago, my review isn't fairly recent! HOWEVER, this is another place I cannot shut up about even after two years. I came here after going to my former doctors office and decided to walk around Mount Airy. I was intrigued by the name and decided to come in for a green drink, I also grabbed a morning glory muffin. I absolutely love this place and how cute it is. I even found a small piece of spinach at the bottom of my cup saying hello to me which made me not only laugh, but also appreciate the fresh ingredients. I can't wait to come back hereClean place with a variety of juices and 3 different soups. Super friendly service. I originally came in for an iced coffee but got the java smoothie. At first it tasted watery to me but it grew on me. It was tasty, filling and gave me the caffeine fix that I needed. My sister got the African curry soup. She really liked it, saying it was creamy, smooth and full of flavor. The staff let her sample all 3 soups so she could be happy with her choice.
Mera's Tip: pick any juice or smoothieThe one I got (La Playa) has beet, carrot, apple, ginger, lime...in smallest size. Is juice supposed to be not that cold? Cause mine wasn't cold? But I enjoyed it throughly. Wish I got a medium. Under $5. Worth it. Ain't nobody got time to juice on your own. The next time I got Green #1 which has a ton of good stuff in it, but I took out romaine and replaced ginger. They did it for me for free and kindly. I got a weird feeling in my stomach cause all I had was the juice and yogurt with granola so I had to eat half a donut to make my stomach not feel weird. But I also then had ramen, dumplings, ice cream, and beer...so we're all good here. Decor in here is tacky...music is nice tho! And great lighting for doing work and feeling healthyThis place a has a great atmosphere, friendly staff, and delicious smoothies and food! Everything is healthy and tasty, and there are options for vegans and meat eaters. The smoothies are pricey like any smoothie, but the food is very affordable, and all of it is worth the price. It also is the cutest cafe in Mt. Airy, with plenty of table space and reliable wifi.Very solid place for smoothies. Quick and decent service. Prices are a little high, but you are paying for the sitting area and location.Just had the "Choose your own adventure" with a cucumber base with kale, spinach and beets. It was  excellent.
Most veggies are on display in a glass fridge and look in great shape.
I followed it up with a wheatgrass chaser which came in a glass shot glass.
Offering more organic veggies would be a nice addition.
Really nice atmosphereBeware, the juice is NOT organic. Don't be misled into thinking you're getting some thing healthy when you're drinking pesticide laden juice. Clean Juice serves organic juice. 
If you decide as a company to go organic than I'd be happy to buy from you. It's currently misleading for people thinking they're getting some thing healthy that is actually not that great for them..I absolutely love the juice room!! They have the most delicious smoothie and juices in the area hands down. They are a super welcoming small business with really high quality food.Absolutely Amazing!  Their smoothies are very delicious. I have yet to try their juices, but I'm pretty sure they're yummy as well. When you go, don't forget to get your punch card.Best juice bar around!
Fast and pleasant service!
Malika is the best and this is my new place to goI order from here all the time now! Smoothies are delicious and they have lots of add in options. They are very fairly priced. I love the 4.5 ounce juice shot bottles, they last me a few days and then I order again!Love this place. Friendly service, local ingredients, healthy, and fresh. Favorite menu items are the green smoothie and vegan BLT, but honestly everything here is so delicious!Cool, down to earth juice bar in Germantown. It was a crazy cold and rainy day when we attempted to walk around the strip and this was a bright spot. I ordered a spinach smoothie which was tasty and not overly sweet. My group really enjoyed their smoothies too. You can also ordered some food if you're hungry!