My office held our Christmas party here, and I have to say I was really anticipating the worst.  I read some of the reviews and judging by the lady who picked the location for the party, I just had really low expectations.  I am so relieved that I was wrong.  We ordered off of the catering menu, which I'm not sure is available for regular walk- in diners, but man oh man.  Everything was really good.  The meatloaf was the best I have ever had. Ever.  And I just don't see meatloaf as one of those foods to get excited about- but I can't stop thinking about it!  The staff was very friendly, and the atmosphere in the back room with the fireplace was super cozy and sweet.Cute place. Waited almost 40 minutes for our meals. Waitress was confused but other staff was very helpful. Food was great. Chicken was slightly dry but eggs and the rest of our meals were delicious.Nice, little coffee shop. Space is a little tight in the front, but there's additional seating in the back with a full dining menu. I enjoyed a tasty maple, cinnamon latte & veggie omelette.I live just a few blocks from Gold Standard Cafe and I love having breakfast there. Now, I've only been there during warmer months so we can sit outdoors in a super cute area that is a nice distance from the street. You really get great food for a great price!  Inlets are really big and fluffy and ... Tasty!  We've never dined inside but we planned to when it's colder.The Gold Standard Cafe is a solid brunch experience, especially after a late night in a smoke filled club with drag queens.  I got the hash with chirizo and it hit the spot.  The chai was very yummy and my sister liked her quiche a lot.  We didn't have to wait for a table and service was very friendly.I came with a group and the service was prompt, the food was tasty, and the prices were super reasonable. I had the chicken caesar wrap with fries, which was tasty. According to others in my group, though, the grilled cheese was amazing and the best they've ever had. As for the ambience, Gold Standard feels like you're inside someone's house, and I'd definitely go back, either with a group or not.Loved how accommodating the place is.  They let us drink our Crisp White boxed wine on their patio while waiting for our table during Saturday brunch.  If you're going to BYOB, stick with the orange juice for either mimosas or screwdrivers. We got both the OJ and the bloody mary mix, and the BM was gross. No one finished their drink, not even after we doused it in hot sauce.  
I got a burger, it was mediocre, I was much more interested in my mimosa and boxed white wine. 
My friends seemed to enjoy their eggs benedict and waffle.  The ham on the benedict was good, SUPER salty and yummy.I've been to the Gold Standard twice: once for lunch and once for a late brunch. Both times were really different experiences. 
I went there for lunch with just one other person in the summertime, but the wait time was about 20 minutes to get a table on a Sunday afternoon (which is a pretty long time for a West Philadelphia restaurant). We even agreed to do outdoor seating (it was about 90 degrees outside) and it still took forever. The service was also really really slow and at one point I got so sick of waiting that I just started going to the register myself to ask for things and brought them back to the table myself. However this may be because they don't have the staff to handle the capacity of this place.
The biggest plus to The Gold Standard is that they make all of their food and its really fresh. I ordered the Tofu Scramble which was good but was a bit plain for my taste. They also have a really diverse menu and a lot of veggie/vegan options. The food can also be made as healthy as you want it to be. The dessert always looks AMAZING (even though both times I was way too full from my meal to order any)
The second time I went here was with a small group for a late brunch. It till took about a half an hour to get seated, but the service at the table was much better. The amount of brunch options (plus the regular lunch menu) was almost overwhelming. I really loved the Southwest Chicken Wrap (they even let me order it sans wrap..so it was more southwest chicken salad). They also have really great coffee and bacon.
The prices are pretty decent... My entree, coffee and side order of bacon came to $15 with tip.
 Overall I would recommend this place for when you have a lot of time and want a fresh meal...especially for vegetarians!This place is the definition of hit-or-miss. Snuggled in a lovely building on the 48th and Baltimore peninsula, The Gold Standard Cafe is awash in the tepid waters of mediocrity. I've had food here that has been god awful (like a watery tofu scramble) and I've had food that I've liked (like a black bean burger), but most commonly my meals have been "fine". Not great, just fine. The coffee is sometimes okay, sometimes burnt, the waitstaff is sometimes friendly, sometimes incompetent and aloof. You never know what you're going to get! 
Overall, I've had better luck with dinner here than breakfast/brunch. 
I've never loved the food, but it's close to my house and inexpensive, so I frequently find myself here late Sunday morning because I'll be damned if I'm going to hike to Sabrina's or Honey's or Green Eggs only to wait 45 minutes for a table. The convenience keeps me coming back for more, but if you want a great brunch and are willing to spend a little, just go to Aksum.
I'll say this though: the place has the potential to be something great. The location is perfect and the space is lovely. There is outdoor seating, perfect for a spring brunch. And I can bring my dog, which is nice. They just need to amp up their menu!Went here a second time a few days later for lunch with my girlfriend. Got the chicken Cesar Salad wrap, which would have been great -- except it had SO much dressing on it. I tend to like to go very light on the dressing, so I thought that I was just being picky, but when I got closer to the end of the wrap it wouldn't stop squirting out and it got all over my jeans.. so.. yeah. Then, our waiter never came back to check on us, so we had to go inside and ask about getting a bill, finally. So I'm still only A-OK with this place. I *want* to like you, Gold Standard, but you just keep giving me bronze-level service.Was wandering the neighborhood and decided to stop in here to chill and have a coffee. The iced coffee was nice and strong (but not bitter), and the world music they were playing was kind of nice. It would have been a perfect experience, except for one member of staff was on his lunch break and was a little loud and self-important. Its a cozy little area, so he was a bit difficult to ignore, but other than that it was a nice place to chill and read a book for awhile.When news spread that Abbraccio was closing, the general reaction was, "Really? Oh, hey, did you see that thing on TV last night?" But people in West Philly are forgiving, so the prospect of a new Coffee/Brunch/BYOB, even from the same owners, was pretty exciting.
I had some hope that Gold Standard would outshine its predecessor. The decor is super cute. The brunch fare is cheap but very tasty. I had the waffle cup with bacon, and if I were going to rate this place on the bacon alone, it would probably get four stars.
The people who actually run the restaurant, on the other hand, lose serious points. The host greeted us with an apathetic stare and pointed to our table from across the room. That short-haired lady, who I guess is one of the owners, was a familiar site at Abbraccio and seems no happier about life in a new setting. 
My order came out completely wrong, and by the time the right order was ready, my dining partner had long finished her meal. I asked for the food to be boxed up, and I got a half-meaningful apology with no eye contact. The only one who redeemed the experience at all was the jittery, socially awkward server who couldn't really handle the ten tables in the dining room. He stuttered out, "I'm so sorry," a couple of times, and I wanted to be nice to him, but I was hungry and cranky and irritated at the whole experience.
I don't expect hugs to feel welcome in a restaurant, but if I want to feel dismissed, I'll go to Satellite. They have better coffee, anyway.If you are looking for a quaint and classy place for U-City brunch, this is your place. Try the corned beef hash or eggs benedict... really good. All of their breakfast dishes are great. My only complaint would be the prices, as I haven't had many problems with the service like other reviewers. 
I will usually sit inside, but on a nice summer or autumn morning its a nice view with the cathedral across the street. Good Coffee as well (this is a must).
Who would imagine that a place named after an economists joke would be good? Darn Penn students.This is a cute little place, with great potential!! It sits on Baltimore & 48th st,nice area-parking can be found everywhere -as this area is residential, so no kiosk to worry about parking time. If your a local, grabbing quick bite or coffee, you might be OK, but a mutual friend wanted us to try this place.I didn't get chance to read my Yelp-so I went in Blind!! : {. 
They had seating outside, which is nice on warmer day, slight chillier for me to sit out, On the inside, look- small  tables, for quick latte &  read your newspaper, but our friend said they had a dining area, for brunch. I started to notice people just standing around(course-they were waiting to be Seated -as well) 20-25 min later, they lead us to back -gorgeous room with chair rail, clay red color, fireplace,photos on the wall -which were priced, apparently for sale. Reminds you of a room in house. The servers, waitresses were not efficient. Note**: If you have plans to be some where else, THIS IS NOT PLACE FOR YOU!!!!! ***They mentioned something got screwed up on our order, it would be right out. The boards had nice variety, even had ice cream & gelato,but the service was SOO Damn Slow!!! Don't think they have gotten their kinks out, still not efficient on service, looked like one person manning the back dining area, and the owners were helping. Not sure if one chef, or cook in back. Our friend ordered pancakes, they were room temperature(cold), our french toast were very small, with rum sauce, I had to hail waitress over for napkins & coffee refills couple times.Don't get me wrong, they were nice , but it wasn't automatic,would I go back-maybe, but not for any big parties, we ONLY had 3 of us, took them Forever to get us seated, let alone the food took EVEN Longer to arrive. I can't even imagine our normal 8-10 party-we'd be there for 4 hours-they AREN"T EFFICIENT IN TIME MANAGEMENT -AT ALL!! ** I can't stress enough, if you have plans to be somewhere, movies, etc, don't come here for brunch!!! Won't make it, You would think the chef is the owner & server, all in one! Too Damn slow. !! I'd go back to grab quick bite,or drink..No sit down!!! Go to my favorites in Northern Liberties or Center city-first!!I live a block away from this cafe. The food has been good.. A few minor mistakes but good! The menu changes often, and the service is always decent.I rarely cook, and they feed me several nights a week. I'd enjoy a little more consistency but overall, I LIKE.A good place to go if you don't mind waiting a little while. The pancakes were great, and my girlfriend's food seemed good but we're still working on communication so I'm not 100% sure. Would have 5 stars but the last time we were there, service was very slow. But friendly. Slow, though.Went there today and bought an entree and coffee. I decided to sit outside. Less than five minutes after I finished eating, but while I was still drinking my coffee, an employee comes out and tells me I have to leave so he can seat other people. This despite the fact that 1) I'm still drinking my coffee, and 2) there are empty tables outside. And he was rude about it.
What kind of service is this? Never going back if I can help it. Try Satellite Cafe--it's cheaper and they are nicer.Try the quiche, from what I heard its different every day! Plus, who can't respect La Columbe? I'm sure there are growing pains in every establishment, I'll gladly enjoy watching GSC develop one slice of glorious quiche at a time.Food (7.0/10) = Ordered the "waffle cup with scrambled eggs with syrup" and added chorizo and cheddar cheese.  The portions were so-so.  It tasted good, but as good as it sounds.  But for ~$9.00?  I don't think it's a $9 dish.  .  Ordered their americano as well.  Nothing special.  The coffee at Earth Cup, a few blocks down the road tastes better.
Ambiance (8.0/10) = Nice little cafe at the corner of a street.  Nice set up outside.  
Service (7.5/10) = Pretty standard.  No complaints.  
Overall Opinion = I probably wouldn't go back to this place even if I lived around the area.  I originally thought about giving this place 3 stars, but the more I thought about the price of that breakfast, and the so-so taste of the dish and coffee, I'm going to settle with 2 stars.I went here for brunch so I can only comment on that.  The food was just okay, but it was fairly cheap.  It's not the huge brunch portions you normally get though.  I had a tofu scramble which was fine.  The omelets my friends got were small, and the pancakes were just plain pancakes.  I definitely liked the atmosphere of the back dining room - it had lots of sunshine, bright colors, and a fireplace with an actual fire.  However the front cafe area looked like mayhem.  I would probably never go back with just one or two people, but they sat our table of 10 with only an hours notice (I called ahead), which was awesome.  I knew there was no way we could get in any other popular brunch spots with our big group.  I thought everyone on the staff was super nice and attentive.  Too bad the food was boring...Pros: Very friendly service. Free refills on hot coffee!!!
Cons: Seating a bit limited in the cafe area. Also, during the summer, the air conditioning in the cafe area is weak. It is simply too hot in there.
Bottom line: I really want to be a fan of this place, since I live nearby, and the service here is friendly. But the poor air-conditioning is a deal-breaker for me during the summer.Brought my friend for Sunday brunch.  I had the quiche and she had eggs and bacon with toast.  Both of us ordered coffee.  Coffee is bitter and super strong, even with half a cup of cream: if you're a Starbucks bitter blend type, no problem. For the rest of us who might light a smoother blend, beware.  Someone said it was LaColombe brand but I'm sure they have variety so who knows.  
Her orange juice arrived as well, I had asked for water, waited a while. No big deal, it was busy.  Food arrived, my friend was surprised there was only one slice of toast. She asked the waiter, he said, that was standard. She wasn't too happy as she usually makes a sandwich out of her eggs. 
My quiche was preformed and microwaved. Not really creamy or even fresh. I make good quiche and it's not too hard. This was obviously store bought frozen.  A few pieces of garnish on the side and I was still hungry after. 
Had no problem with server staff, friendly, helpful and responsive on a busy day.  Service was good.  Food was disappointing...this place has such a great location, perhaps a makeover in the kitchen is due.  Take it up a notch.  If you offer it, the customers will come!A great breakfast/brunch place with a range of options, from basic eggs and toast, to a rotating weekend brunch menu, each with several vegetarian and vegan options. It can be difficult to get a seat when the outdoor seating area is closed, but this points to the popularity of the place. Waitstaff are always friendly, and the interior is cozy.The food was great! Fresh! I mean it even looked fresh and surely healthy.  This spot has indoor and outdoor seating.  Walking up, I really didn't want to sit outside and it looked packed inside, but they have a rear area that is lovely, I mean I really liked the ambience.  The art on the walls was not only amazing but it's for sale.  
The food was delish and inside of homefries that I usually get with an omelet, I got roasted potatoes.  The omelet comes with 2 fillings, which usually at other places I would have to pay for more than one filling.  The food came fast, the service was excellent and it's in a nice spot.I work in West Philly (60th and Baltimore) and this is one of the only decent places to get lunch.  Food is always great, desserts are delicious, and they have cans of club soda.  Only reason they don't get 5 stars is that they started delivering and we're outside their radius. :(The restaurant does not meet the gold standard in any important categories (taste, price, ambiance, service) but is still a decent spot (except for putting wasabi on the croque madame without mentioning it on the menu...who does that?). What left a bad taste in my mouth was the fact that the owner asked us to leave because "it's Saturday and we're really busy." We'd been seated about 30 minutes (and were surrounded by tables that had been there much longer). I'll buy my $13 "gourmet" chipped beef in a can at Aldi next time and save you the trouble of kicking us out.We've been to GS about 10 times total. The food is pretty good two thirds of the time, and just ok at other times. 
Unfortunately, the sit-down service is terribly run and usually very very slow. I actually have no major issues with the waitstaff; the problem seems to be poor management. This morning's hostess/front of house manager provided the worst customer service I've experienced at a Philadelphia restaurant in ages
We arrived at about 9:30am while there were many visibly open tables. We waited for about 5 minutes before any of the 5 employees present even acknowledged us. The hostess/manager then came out and confirmed that we were a table of three, and said "just a minute". Then she walks into the seating area starts getting a table ready, then answers the phone, and then walks back to us and says "Sorry! Murphy's law!" before shrugging and just totally walking away. We assumed she'd be right back. Alas, after waiting 10 more minutes (with an increasingly fussy toddler) I simply asked a waitress if we could get a table and explained that the hostess had become preoccupied. The waitress was lovely and apologized for the inconvenience. (I do want to note that in the midst of this bad review, our waitress really was great, and did a lot to make up for the otherwise awful service.)
Later in the meal, I was going to take our kid for a mid-meal walk, and the hostess tried to convince me to stay put (no thanks) by giving my toddler a plastic clamshell container and a knife calling it "restaurant drums". Are you serious?!! Neither we nor other diners would want to listen to that. I politely refused and told her we'd rather not have that. This lady clearly has terrible intuition about how to craft a comfortable and welcoming dining experience. 
Since we weren't having a pleasant experience, we got our food wrapped up to go. Upon sampling my toddler's french toast this evening, we were absolutely appalled to find that it had a staple in it. A STAPLE. In french toast for A TODDLER.
We're disinclined to return until someone else is in charge of front-of-house.Simply- Yum! I keep going back to Gold Standard for the great coffee and the breakfast foods that are served almost all day. The staff is very friendly and helpful and the manager/owner pops out once in a while to talk to the costumes and make sure everything is going well. I've been getting the waffle breakfast bowl the last couple of times and it was delicious!Terrible service! I have been here 3-4 times since moving into this neighborhood, and my most recent visit was a huge waste of time... I ordered a rare steak and eggs, and after waiting an hour for this quick dish and seeing other diners being seated after me and receiving their food first, I canceled my order... I'm "in the industry" and understand that it's hard when the dining room gets slammed, but either hire people capable enough to handle brunch on a weekend, or don't seat the entire room. Even our drinks were late; I ordered an iced-Americano and my friend ordered a coffee. Twenty minutes later, we received one by asking a hostess who was refilling coffees and the other by reminding our server that we were still waiting for our drinks. When I said that we would be leaving, our server passed the blame onto the kitchen. Unprofessional! Support Greenline and anywhere else on Baltimore Ave. before giving money to this place (unless you're a Penn parent because THEN you'll receive wonderful service).Ok, so I'm gonna raise a star here... because I came here two times recently, and had: 
1.) DELICIOUS chicken salad, complete with grapes. (I love grapes in my tuna or chicken salad), and a lot for the price. Just a huge, heaping place of chicken salad. GREAT.
2.) On the second occasion, I ordered the salmon special, and got amazing salmon, cooked to perfection with potatoes and some sort of asparagus/squash combo on the side... and all for something like 10 bucks. Really incredible. Yeah. 
So.... I think this place can be sort of hit or miss with food, but try either of those options, and you are good to go. Maybe this implies that some of the Gold Standard's lunch and dinner fare is a little better than breakfast food? And the service still wasn't very fast either time, but it was a-ok. And still adorable, as always.Had not eaten here in decades. Food was good but service poor. Had to ask another diner not to use her phone on speaker!  Waitress ( who didn't offer pepper grinder for salad or meal and forgot tea) should have done that. Would not go back.Made a reservation for brunch at 12 at Gold Standard Cafe. Nervous about what I read on Yelp regarding the waiting time, I came in with low expectations. However, we were seated as soon as our party of 5 had arrived in the main dining area.
It was extremely crowded and thus pretty loud, which was kind of annoying when trying to converse with my four friends. 
The food came in a jiffy, but unfortunately did not meet my "gold standard." My friend and I opted for two sweet dishes to split-- the Apple Waffle dish and the Croissant French Toast dish. 
Though the Apple Waffle dish was tasty (it came with a large belgian waffle, some caramelized and sugary apples dabbed in cinnamon, butter, and syrup on the side), it did seem too awfully simple to be a restaurant dish. It seemed like a waffle that could have came out of a simple Belgian waffle maker that you find at hotel breakfasts. The apple topping was meager and did not have a WOW factor, and the butter was too much. I scraped it all off before devouring. 
The Croissant French Toast dish was a bit confusing. It didn't taste like a croissant to me, which was the biggest letdown. It tasted a bit like bread pudding or normal french toast. The eggy flavor was overpowering and the mascarpone flavor was off as well. Some friends at the table even claimed the Croissant French Toast to have an alcoholic after-taste. I was able to mask some of the weird flavors I was tasting by dousing the french toast in maple syrup. 
The place is adorably decorated and from the outside looks like a quaint little corner brunch spot. Prices are affordable, and the menu is extensive. However, the food does not live up to a "gold standard" and thus I probably would not make the trek back and would not recommend the spot to others.Been here several times over the last 5 years, what an interesting fluctuation. Sad to say a full 360 seems to have happened here. 
First year, I stopped in for tea occasionally and then a handful of times for brunch or lunch. The food was never fresh and fruit was often served with mold on it. The toilet called every time moments after. I stopped going.
About a year later I gave it another try and was so surprised, everything was absolutely delicious, it became my go to brunch spot!
The owners just sold it and although I really enjoy some of the decor changes the food is once again stomach upsetting. The potatoes, well I'm not even sure you should count them as potatoes I have no idea what these things could be. Everything is $2.50 more than it use to be. This was my 4th time in since the new owners took over, the food is less than mediocre again and diners are asked to leave as soon as they are finished eating with the promise of a free dessert if they want one on the way out. 
Hire the old cook back, stop the shortcuts on food and stop running people out to make another buck. Make the gold standard above standard again- we miss it! Sadly won't be back until then.I've been twice so far and had mixed experiences.  The first time was great.  We waited about 15 minutes for a table.  The server was friendly and the food fairly priced.  The portions aren't huge, so if you're looking for a big, greasy hangover brunch, look elsewhere.  I had the tofu scramble, which was slightly bland but overall pretty good.  And for $4, who's complaining??
The second go-round left much to be desired.  There was a private party going on in the dining area, so I guess the staff and kitchen were really busy.  I asked one of the owners if we could seat ourselves outside, and he was a bit short with me.  Then we found out brunch ended at 1pm (what?!?!) and had to order lunch instead.  I got the black bean burger, which was pretty decent, but I really wanted pancakes!  Ketchup and napkins were nowhere to be found, and the kitchen forgot our friends' fries.  Oh well.
Both times I've been to Gold Standard, the servers and owners have been apologetic.  They obviously know they have some work to do.  It's too bad they couldn't have worked out some of these kinks before opening. All the same, I'll be back soon.  I'm going to give them a month or two to settle in, and then I look forward to trying the pancakes!The Gold Standard is a sweet little spot in a lovely Victorian building at 48th and Baltimore. It's really a coffee shop, a lunch/brunch spot and a BYO dinner restaurant all in one, which can be confusing at first. Inside, there's coffee shop seating in the front and a more dressed-up dining room in the back, which you might not know is there because it's past the counter area and kitchen entrance. Our favorite thing to do here is to bring a bottle of wine or a growler from Dock Street, order burgers (which, last I heard, are grass-fed Lancaster beef), sit outside and watch the traffic and trolleys roll by. The experience can be, as another reviewer put it, "positively Parisian at times". 
I love their super-yummy homemade vinaigrette on the salad. The coffee is good but I usually go to the Satellite if I only want coffee. Brunch entrees are delicious. I have been both wowed and disappointed by their dinner entrees. They usually have some kind of special or prix fixe deal for entree + salad + dessert if you're in the mood for several courses. Prices are very reasonable.
I have experienced incompetent and inattentive service here, as well as long wait times, but this was closer to when they first opened and has improved dramatically over time. Even with its imperfections, GSC is a solid choice for a fresh and yummy meal in my neighborhoodAstounding food and staff behind counter, but the kitchen is abhorrently  slow. It's really a shame, could be a wonderful place, but avoid it like the plague unless you're getting coffeedid the deluxe bagel sandwich take out and there was nothing deluxe about it unfortunately...TWO meager slices of salmon, $9.50 total? No way. The everything bagel itself was pretty good but I doubt they make them in house.
Overall I was disappointed but would be willing to try a sit down breakfast here based on other reviews.sat outside on a sunday with some friends, awesome byo with great many vegan/vegetarian options on the menu. i had the vegan mushroom cheesesteak which was incredible including delicious spiced up fries. our waiter was very nice and everything came out in a decent amount of time. will be back!It's such a cozy and reliable brunch place. I always have the most amazing time here. Already been about three times so it's a repeat kind of place. The people are friendly and attentive. It's just warm and homey, delicious food!The first time I went to The Gold Standard Cafe, I thought the space was limited to the coffee shop area in the front.  I recently learned that The Gold Standard includes a wonderful restaurant in the back.
On my first visit to the restaurant I had the pulled pork sandwich.  It was delicious!  The pulled pork was spicy, tender, and full of flavor.  The french fries were hot, crispy, and delicious.  The spiciness of the pulled pork may be too much for some, but I enjoyed it.  For me, the sandwich could have had a bit more sauce, but that's just a matter of my personal taste.  This in no way detracted from the overall quality of the food.
On my second visit, I had the Waffle & Berries and a side of chorizo from the brunch menu.  The chorizo had a wonderful spicy, smoky flavor while the waffle was light and crispy.  The waffle came with a delightful sauce made with strawberries, blueberries, and red wine.  It was served with a dollop of perfect, homemade whipped cream.
I look forward to going back to The Gold Standard!The gold standard has vegan dishes. If you are vegan and don't do dairy some of there dishes are prepared with butter milk and egg.so ask before you buy it
The so called chef is not a chef and some of the dishes are questionable. I worked there and they dairy up a lot of there food. Trust me........LOVE this cozy neighborhood gem since the day it opened. Friendly staff, La Colombe coffee, consistently good food, outdoor seating (weather permitting), art on the walls that changes every few months or so - what more could you ask for? Their menu also boasts Lancaster raised meats and eggs, and I'd generally describe the fare as good American comfort food. The eggs benedict and scallion buckwheat pancakes stand out in my mind, but really everything is good (and breakfast is served all day). They've had some turnover in staff, but overall the service is friendly and decent, and it's owned by long-time residents Roger & Vince who formerly owned & operated Abraccio's (and I must say they have really found their niche with The Gold Standard Cafe). You won't be disappointed, unless you come in with a chip on your shoulder, but if that's the case you're probably going to be met with bad service wherever you go. Warning: brunch gets packed so come early or be prepared to wait.This place was my first time going here to meet-up with a friend. I ordered their breakfast fried egg sandwich with turkey bacon and a cup of coffee and she got a bagel with cream cheese and a cup of coffee. Our food arrived promptly and was good. The coffee was underwhelming. It was warm, not hot and their coffee condiments area was out of half n half. The dining area inside was cozy, yet a bit cramped. If the coffee was brewed hot and had a better stocked condiment area, I'd have given this place a perfect score. Overall, it was a pleasant experience and would try this place again if I wasn't moving. One extra star for the cute and friendly counter girl who took our order!Nice atmosphere & good service. Visited for Saturday brunch. Got pulled pork sandwich and side Cesar salad. Both were good.We went here on Sunday for breakfast.  Fast and courteous service.  The coffee is La Colombe and the barista made a great latte.  We ordered huevos rancheros and their apple spiced pancakes.  The pancakes were very good, filling and I had to take one home.  The eggs were not traditional ranchero style but served with a side of spicy local Lancaster sausage with fried eggs and potatoes.  All in all the food is nice and the atmosphere is great.  In total with a Latte, two main brunch dishes the total came to $20.  You can order off of the regular breakfast menu during Brunch which is less expensive and looked very good as well.  The walls are covered with local artists' paintings and has a very refined home feel.This is a cool hip cafe with a very large menu. I ordered the special of the day which was shrimp grits and eggs. Maybe if I ordered it to eat in I would've enjoyed it more. I was in a rush for an appointment so by the time I got to enjoy my food it wasn't warm anymore. It still did taste very good. My girlfriend got the deluxe bagel and she enjoyed her food. I would definitely visit again.
When you first enter the cafe it looks small but they have seating in the back and also seating outside.I went to this lovely little cafe for an early dinner with some friends on a Monday afternoon. Two of the party had been before and recommended it highly.
I took to it immediately as we were welcomed by the friendly staff who informed us what was available (the full menu is only on offer Wednesday thru Sunday). We purred at the fresh goodies at the counter before taking a seat around the back in the roomy, pleasant dining area.
I had a really smooth and creamy milkshake and a veggie burger, which was fresh and tasty.
With the number of options available and the relaxed atmosphere, I'd definitely go back when I'm in West Philly again - they certainly know what they're doing. Gold Standard indeed!Had a very bad experience coming here for the first time. We had a group of 7 and called in advance to see the wait. They said 20 minutes, but we ended up waiting over an hour and had to split our group into 2 tables. Our waiter forgot to take our order, forcing us to grab him from the server station, and after taking our order, never revisited our table to check on us or refill our water. We sought the help of a waitress not assigned to our table when we needed something. 
Tables that ordered after us got their food before we did, and when our food finally came, it was not as we ordered it or advertised. They forgot our sides. Also, apparently a salad with "poached eggs and bacon" means a singular poached egg with half a piece of bacon chopped up on top. When I asked for more eggs, as advertised on the menu, they charged me. I also would not recommend this dish. It was average.
I'm not sure if they were understaffed or if the service was just poor, but this was definitely a sub par dining experience at best. Would not recommend.Great coffee shop a little down Baltimore. Their grilled eggplant sandwich is great. There are other vegan options that are clearly listed on the menu. 
Very extensive tea list which I appreciate a lot. Good place to sit and work or have lunch/a coffee date. 
Very friendly staff.Great place for breakfast! Omelets are so good!  Pancakes and waffles are the best made from scratch! Nice atmosphere and outdoor seating!Ok so where do I start? The food here is incredible, it's 10 times better than cedar park cafe down the street. So my favorites are the French toast, stuffed shrimp, shrimp and grits and stuffed French toast. I recently took the ladies in my family here for Mother's Day. They all raved about the food. My grandmother is even going to bring her organization here to have brunch. This is the perfect spot for any crowd. It's so laid back clean and the staff is so friendly. The kitchen manager Juwan even came out to greet us. I would totally recommend this place you can't go wrong with the crab cake. This place is a must try.Simple food done well! Could use a big sign that reads "sit down seating in back". Servers always seemed rushedI like this place; above par food at decent prices.  The bagel and lox special is only 6 bucks, not bad at all.  The coffee is all decent, brunch specialties that I've had have been great (the croissant french toast is delicious, but maybe split it with someone-- very decadent).  I had a pulled pork sandwich the other day with side salad-- for 8 dollars-- I felt satisfied.  I would've liked maybe a bit more pork, but I was more or less full at the end.   This place is not a study cafe (you can try in the front room, but good luck), more of a place to have a drink/meal with friends.  The patio out front is a nice touch when it's warm.  Only drawback is that service is not consistent.  Some days are better than others.This is one of my favorite cafes. Great coffee, pastries, desserts. Nice place to come so some work,  grab a quick bite to stay or go. Nice brunch but be prepared to wait on weekends. Byob makes it an elegant but inexpensive dinner option. Some hot food is just average, but I've never had anything I didn't like. Great burgers, fries, salads and sandwiches pretty good, too. They have local and organic meat, eggs and other items.The food was just ok, I could still taste flour in my pancakes.. Nice presentation but  looked better then the food actually tasted..Before I talk about the food, I want to say that the staff at the gold standard are the nicest people. Not your typical waiter/waitress meet-and-greet, the staff here go out of their way to say hello and goodbye and make sure that your service is top-notch.
I've been eating here at least once a week for 2 years now and I have no complaints at all. The food is excellent, I love their handmade cheeseburgers, Corizo, and their omlettes. They also have the best iced green tee ever.I come here ALL THE TIME.  The staff are really friendly, nice people.  I can hang out and work for an obscene amount of time with their wifi, and nobody hassles me.  The coffee is really good and the bagel sandwiches are really freakin fantastic. Best around, not kidding.  I have had several brunch items here as well, and they're good.  All the haters need to chill out.  This is a great neighborhoody place and the people that love it show up all the time.  Many many hugs to Gold Standard!!!Coffee is ok.  They do not offer any gluten-free options at their location in Graduate Hospital, which is unfortunate.I just adore this place. The best iced teas like mango and mint and more ( I am a tea snob these teas are super refreshing). The items on the menu are so scrumptious. I basically have loved every dish I have tried. Very curtious staff.I just had to post a glowing review about Roger and his Gold Standard Cafe for catering services they provided for my school's Staff Appreciation Luncheon! The spread they prepared for our 80 teachers/staff (of beverages; garden/spinach, pasta, tuna, cole slaw and potato salads; meat & veggie deli trays; cookies/pastries...you name it!) was plentiful and DELISH!  Seconds were had by many and a fun time was had by all! For great food, top-notch and timely service--dine-in or catered--you MUST give The Gold Standard Cafe a try!I think they're under new ownership, and they now have an expanded menu! Full breakfast, lunch, and brunch menus beyond bagels and pastry. They have gluten free bread for only a little extra charge, and the portions are really decent for the price you pay. Lots of vegan options too, and the servers are knowledgable and ask the kitchen if they aren't sure of an answer.
When it gets busy on weekends, the waiting procedures can be a little hectic. The outside seating is sometimes a different reservation system, sometimes first come first serve depending on who's behind the counter. I suggest having someone sit at an empty outside table, and someone go in to ask to make sure that you don't lose your spot and don't cut in line.
If you're driving, parking on the number streets 2-3 blocks back is free 2 hour, sometimes open ended.I have to say this place has done a huge 360. While what a turn around one derful service wonderful food they have so many vigan options you're gonna love it. The whole family can go they've got everything for everybody. Delicious desserts even sometimes I think they have treats for dogs cool. If you're sitting outside you can bring your doggie people do it all the time branches so special when the little furry guys are out.still good. a friend and i walked over to grab some brunch. the outside, front, and back were quite busy. we were greeted by a friendly host who sat us in the back. this was the first time i have dined in the back portion of this place. 
as we sat down, our server acknowledged us and brought us some water. after we perused the menu, we noticed that he was the only server. service was not bad though, it was a little lagged but it was actually decent considering how busy they were and he was the only server. i landed on their 3 egg omelet with some toast and potatoes. friend landed on french toast with a side of spinach. i asked for ketchup because i normally always do but the food definitely didn't need it. i ended up not using the ketchup because the omelet and potatoes were that good.
i tried a bite of my friend's spinach...so jealous that i didn't order it also. it was SO good. 
as we left, we realized that our server was also serving the outside diners! he was rockin it! gotta give him props! 
anyways, if you're in west philly, check it out. highly recommend their coffees and brunch!First time here. And it's very small. Not a lot of room to move around in. They was having a party today so there was nowhere to seat. The outside was full and so was the front. Other than that the food was just OK. I hate when   There is not platters for pancakes or waffles.  Who want to just eat pancakes by themselves  prices was a little higher than I would like to pay for what I had. Food was ok thought not bad not great.They unfortunately made a mistake with our order, but the waitstaff was very pleasant and apologetic.  Plenty of good breakfast/lunch options, including veggie options.  The outdoor seating is lovely, especially with good weather.First ever Yelp review. Ive lurked forever but my dinner here last night finally pushed me to enter the pale.
I brought my Mom here after Baltimore Ave Dollar Stroll in an attempt to convince her of the charms of West Philly. Success! After we wandered the blocks listening to live music and tasting the offerings of a few tents, we headed to Gold Standard with our wine. Gotta love a BYOB.
The dining area is very warm and inviting. The seating is not crowded but it does feel like a place where you can amiably chat to couple at the table next to you or sit alone in a window seat reading a newspaper over your meal. 
We both ordered the 5- course dining days menu for $25.00. It was SUCH a great deal- and way too much food. 
Our choices:
1. Pâté Noisette- creamy and delicious. I bit on the thick side but who's complaining? Served on crunchy toasts- the presentation fell slightly short of elegant but was still nice and comfortable. 
1. Guacamole- Mom LOVED the guacamole and raved about it all night. The portion size was perfect for one person starting a 5 course meal.
2. Cream of carrot soup- light and creamy with an incredible carrot flavor. Very very good.
2. Gazpacho- Mom thought the gazpacho was also very good, appropriately spicy and very fresh tasting. 
3. Tilapia- An excellent and large piece of fish that was perfectly prepared and had excellent flavor. The portion size was huge and again, the presentation was not the most elegant but it was a good comfort food choice with yummy rice and veggies. 
3. Shrimp Margarita- another huge portion; shrimp and rice in a creamy sauce. Mom really liked it but we were both pretty full after eating about half of our entrees. 
4. Salad option. The greens were fresh and the dressing delightfully tangy. Mom passed on the salad as she was pretty full and did not feel like salad after her entree (shes such a philistine).
5. We both took our dessert home to eat later. I had the Chocolat West Philly, an incredibly rich mousse that was perfect for a mid night snack and Mom had the Plum Clafouti that was sweet without being overly so and had thick slices of plum. Delicious!!
Hands down the best part of the meal was the fantastic and attentive service. I would give the food a solid four stars for easy going classic choices that are tasty and unpretentious but the service deserves an added star unto itself. I had made a reservation in case Dollar Stroll night created crowds in the restaurant and when we walked in we were greeted by name. Our very pleasant waiter let us pick any table we wanted (Thank you again for accommodating my mother who insisted on the corner 5 person table for just the two of us). The selections were explained and all questions answered. An ice bucket for (our incredibly cheap) pinot grigio was brought and the bottle opened. Our waiter never let the glasses empty and never let our dishes idle- but he wasnt overbearing at all rather letting us sit and talk. Our total for 5 courses was an incredibly reasonable $54.00.
It was a really nice few hours and the service and comfortableness really made us feel welcome and appreciated. All day I've been thinking about packing up my school reading and heading back there for a cup of coffee and sampling a few more of their offerings. I will definitely be back (probably tomorrow morning for breakfast) and am really excited to add this place to my list of west philly gems.They charged me an extra $1.50 when I asked for a mug of hot water to go along with my food. Granted, businesses have a right to charge whatever they want for items. And I don't mind paying an extra 25 cents or so. But, that has to be a 1 million percent markup.
Kind of a dick thing to do.I give the food 3 stars and the service 2 stars. I went with a friend one Saturday morning for brunch. The food was decent. We got eggs, yogurt with granola, potatoes, toast. As soon as we were finished we were asked by our waiter to leave because it was a busy Saturday morning. Seriously?! Who does that? I looked around and saw several empty tables. I told the waiter I didn't appreciate essentially being kicked out. I live only a block away from Gold Standard but will not find myself frequenting again until they get it together.Got some take out earlier today. The food and coffee was pretty good but they aren't all that attentive to detail. I asked for no capers on my salmon bagel but they put them there anyways. And I think they skimped a bit on the salmon and tomato, but I can live with that. My wife asked them to please not put her sandwich wrap in a big plastic box but they did anyways. So a bit disappointing. The food was good enough. I'd definitely go back but its not my go-to destination.What a great little place. I've just started to explore West Philly, and this place is just down the street from my girlfriend's apartment. Really good coffee for a reasonable price, with indoor and outdoor seating. Service is wonderful, as you never feel rushed.Reservations are ignored.  We got there on time and had to wait 30 minutes.  They probably overbook given their small size. 
The food is average, and the BYOB helps.  The prices are okay. The service is average but friendly.Had a nice little dinner here the other day. It was really delicious food and great service, and the price was right!
Our waitress was a real nice girl, but I felt so bad that she had to read the menu off to us from a blackboard(as Lauren G said, I agree that its ridiculous) Being a waitress myself I know how much of a hassle "creative ideas" can be from the management. It wasn't a problem for the waitress when I was here but I could not imagine how irritating it could be with a full dinning room! All in all great little spot and I will be back=]
P.S.Also the chocolate cheesecake is the best in the city!I've been here four times in the last three weeks and really love this place. The burgers and sandwiches are *delicious*. I would have given a 5 star rating had I not gone there for pancakes one morning. My breakfast companion and I were both a bit disappointed after such good food at lunch a couple days before. The pancakes weren't bad, but weren't great (texture was slightly rubbery, taste was a bit flat). I'd definitely stick to lunch/dinner, or try something for breakfast besides pancakes.Outside the b-fast, coffee  and a few lunch items, this is as mediocre a place as there is in the neighborhood and in philly.  They are so accustomed to churn out food that is so tasteless, as they have at the original GSC, Palladium and Abbraccio.  They never go the extra mile to uplift this place to something other than mediocrity.  The hummus, the red pepper, the crabcake all flavorless.  Olives from a can? Are you kidding me.  I'm done with this Lead Standard Cafe.  Sure it's a neighborhood place but that is not an excuse for sub-standard food.  For those who give this a 4 or 5 star rating, please try some real restaurants.  You just encourage the owners to do nothing but churn out mediocre food.This is a decent cafe, but if you plan on doing any reading in the coffee shop side, this place is a little too cramped and noisy to concentrate.  If you plan on having breakfast or brunch in the restaurant side, you're in for a real treat.My friend and I stumbled upon this place while strolling the neighborhood and decided to try it out. The quiche and salad lunch was delicious and exactly what we were looking for. The service was very friendly and helpful. The dining room had a nice atmosphere. I only wish they had fountain drinks instead of cans... I will definitely return!I went in for take out lunch around 12:30, and waited no more than 5-10 min for my food. 
I got the grilled eggplant sandwich with roasted peppers and basil. When I first saw it, I thought might be dry, because of the lack of condiments. The eggplant was flavorful, marinated in something tasty and grilled to perfection. No condiment needed! The bread (Ciabatta) was flaky and soft. 
I've since told several people about this sandwich.
They get bonus points for being wheelchair/stroller accessible.The breakfast sandwiches on their croissant is really good! The egg was good perfectly and the service is great. Really nice people over there. #goodbreakfastsammyI recently went there with some friends for breakfast.  The food was good and quite hot when it arrived.  
A word about price.  The menu does not have dollar signs next to the amounts.  Something that is $9.00 is actually "9".  This is a trend amongst many restaurants to fool you into spending more than you think.  I think that $9.00 is a little much for breakfast, but it was quite good.funny how the morning started off with me telling my buddy that i've read Yelp before, but never felt the need to review anything in my neighborhood just yet. as fate would have it, now i do. so read on. 
my friend and i(i've lived in the area for a solid 7+ years, my friend about the same, though he now lives in CA and is visiting the ol' 'hood for 2 weeks) enter GSC at about 10:45 this morning. get seated inside - for it was quite a steamy morning - in about 10 minutes, which was a little odd, being as how there were plenty of empty tables in the back dining area, but whatever. waitress promptly came and took our orders, and brought us OJ. and then we waited. and waited. and waited some more. and then we noticed that people who came in well after us were being served. and it's not like we ordered complicated breakfasts - the waitress did come and apologize for the wait after about 40 minutes, but offered no explanation or anything remotely comforting that our food might be out soon. so we continue our wait. noon rolls around and another table was served that came in after us and we were fed up. dropped money on the table for the OJ, and left. we then passed our waitress who did nothing to try and save her table from walking, disgusted and starving, out the door.
i've NEVER had to walk from a restaurant before. and ya know, it didn't make me feel too good to turn my back on a neighborhood establishment. because i want to like GSC. the place looks nice enough, and apparently the food is pretty good. and it's mere blocks from my house. i understand GSC just opened, but the service and/or kitchen has got to step it up. maybe in a few months i'll try again.
by the way, the delicious OJ is bumping the rating up to 2 stars.