Its a dive,and it's great,good bartender,good peoples of diversity.it's gottta pool table,old school video games pinball, juke box,and cheap drinks.Also good beer.no complaints.Divey (in a good way) and cheap. When I first started going there it was almost always pretty empty and now especially on the weekends there are tons of people there. Sometimes it is kind of difficult to get a drink because in my experience there are only 1-2 bartenders working at a time and about three zillion people trying to get a PBR.
They have good shows here pretty regularly also, and they have a nice chill backyard area. Nice place to finish off a night.Great dive bar if you want a cheap drink, have city-wide specials, awesome, gritty atmosphere. Only downside is that it gets PACKED in the winter when the patios closed.
Been going to this place for years. Love it.This aptly named hipster paradise is a great neighborhood dive.  Cheap beer, bartenders who clearly don't care about you, and cats.  Don't expect great service or a freshly cleaned table.  Still, it's a good place to end the night.El Bar is a must dive bar in my book!! After a long day of shopping and mouthful of Pizza Brain. It was the perfect sunny, summer day for a patio! 
They have super cheap specials here... meaning beer shot of course. The tricky part is making it through the not so smooth backyard. There's cool art around and CATS!!! Yesssss... CATS! They are literally lounging and napping around the yard. They totally own the place. I felt like I was in my phone game, Neko Atsume (cat collector in Japanese). It made me happy to have a tall boy and chill with the felines. The regulars love the cats too. One guy was even telling that this one cat lovessss provolone. 
I also got a compliment on my favorite Verameat horror shirt from the bartender. I like it when people have such nice taste like myself!! He even had me write down the brand. I guess he likes horror films as much as I do!
I will have to add that I might've been the only girl on a Friday afternoon for the first hour and a half. I guess I was distracted by furballs that I missed that piece of information. At least, this fact saved me from bathroom lines. 
Super fun bar to have a group of friends and chill in the back! Or just cool off from running around Fishtown! Fishtown has grown so much and there is so much to see, do, eat and buy! My wallet too a beating walking from Chinatown to Fishtown!
El Bar in three words: Dive-Cats-PatioFrequented this place awhile back when a friend had lived a block away. Have seen this place change a bit and also grow in popularity with a younger hipster crowd coming to it more and more. Cheap drinks, pool table and an average jukebox for an average neighborhood bar.Easy place to meet new people and Jess Fox's bartending is on point. If you never have been here, definitely stop over there. During the summer, their giant yard is awesome.This is my favorite bar in Philly, and I travel from West Philly to get here.  My friend Elvis puts shows on here and they are always an amazing time.  Check their myspace for upcoming shows.
myspace.com/the_el_barOne of the coolest spots in the city in my opinion. I love this bar! They have the cheapest drinks and some great bartenders, and the jazz session on Tuesday nights is always a good time. I'm biased because I'm a musician but these sessions have such a cool vibe. Pool table, snacks, and outdoor hang are other reasons to come here. I'm pretty sure they're friendly to bringing your own food too. Highly recommended if you're looking for a grungy dive bar without any of the typical BS like jerks messing with you or puke in the bathrooms.This establishment has a fine staff, I was stuck outside with a dead battery and one of the bartendars was walking by and stopped to see what was wrong. He was on foot so could not help me. After ten minutes of attempting to figure things out he comes back around on a bike to tell me to wait there and he'd be right back. He went all the way home to get his car and jump me at 2 am. His response "My papa bear told me if I had the opportunity to do a good deed, to take it" It was the dearest thing. Kudos El Bar staff!City special... HYFR  Not only will you get PBR AND WHISKEY but the smoking area is heated in the backyard. Great dive bar and those who wrote previous reviews enticed me to come here tonight.  Live music (no cover) tonight, great place & diverse, come check it out.What a dump. Went here for a rock show, and was told by the bar "mom" to "lower your voices...we have an elderly neighbor". TWICE. I am legally of age to drink, and felt like I was underage at a house party in high school. Being told to lower your voice at a rock show is pathetic. Also, this bar is located UNDER THE EL. I am pretty sure the EL is louder than bar patrons. I was also very sober while here, so this was even more insulting. Bathrooms were absolutely nauseating. The port-o-potty outside smelled better and was cleaner than the inside bathroom. The bands were awesome, though.these tuesday night parties are awesome, they are messing up my whole mental schedule, but the music (50s 60s rock n roll psychedelic, punk soul etc)  is just awesome, the layout is great, the drinks! 3$ for PBR and shot of heaven hill, 4$ for kinsinger & shot, legit bartenders, pool table. ya, i can only vouch for the Smile tuesday parties, but the place itself is fucking great, and TVs too so they were playing both the sixers & the flyers game. i dont think theres food other than hot dogs but i'm not sure. but down to earth people, a lot of temple kids, and girls girls girls!My favorite dive of all time. You can't beat the combination of cheap beer, great patio, friendly staff, and atmosphere anywhere in Philadelphia.$3.50 for a whiskey shot and a PBR tallboy? Amazing.
$1.50 for a hot dog? Amazing*
My friend and I sat at a table with a PacMan game on it, drank our whiskey shots and PBRs, and people-watched the glorious hipsters. When we got drunk enough, we ate hot dogs. What more do you need in life?
Notes: Cash only, and on Saturday there was a $3 cover cause they had live music.
*When you're drunkI was brought here by some friends, after having heard the name over and over in about a hundred different contexts. 
I am a believer in the church of the el bar. Good prices, great backyard, and a hilarious congregation of misfits that attend daily mass there. They do the citywide, and they have Shiner Ruby Redbird, which as a Texas girl, makes me a very happy girl. The el reminds me of some bars back home in Houston, and I mean that in a fond way. 
Some of the regulars come walking up and engage you in conversations and spin tales of comic book plots that involve you & your group of friends, and you can just gel off of the people around you to keep making up this alternate reality. Or you can look down in silence and wait for it to pass. But the people are what make this bar so much fun, so be open to having a wacky time and talking to strangers like you have known them for years. 
They do have events and karaoke, which I have never attended, but the el seems to be a great place to meet up and unwind after work with some friends. Do that.3.50 city wide....actually it may be even cheaper than that.  The place is great.  I wouldn't really call it a dive because of the cooler-than-you clientele.  Its not as dirty as a dive should be.  This is not a bad thing.
I seriously do not come here often enough.  There are very hot women that hang out here if you are into that waist high short-pants deal.
The huge back yard is well.......huge.  You can smoke and drink out there.  
You can catch some OK bands play here once in a while too.
I recommend everyone to check it out sometime.
There is usually always a higher end lunch truck parked right outside too.Cash only, biker hipster place, but pretty coolThis is by far my favorite neighborhood hangout. I go to El Bar a couple times a week. It's definitely a dive bar, but the drinks are cheap and the bar tenders are friendly. There is a great back yard area where you can sit and drink outside in the summer time. They occasionally have rock shows with local bands. It's definitely bar to check out if you're a transplant to Fishtown from anywhere else in the city. I don't know that it's necessarily a proper tourist destination, unless you're a huge fan of dive bars in general.coming from Tinicum I am a dive bar expert. This place was great. Good looking women, good music and good beer for a very reasonable price. the food menu was a who's who of things little kids can cook themselves. from hot dogs to oodles and noodles. I'm not a fan of the hipsters but somebody needs to drink the PBR!
 the cats are nice and the back is good to have, don't travel solo lolWhen the EL Bar is great it's great! A chill local bar where you are likely to strike up a conversation with just about anyone and your glass will never be empty. This is usually on a weekday. When there is the wrong show the place can be transformed into hipster hell and is to be avoided unless you think The Barbary is fun. If there is an "event" keep on walking, if the place is packed to the gills and bikes are locked up 3-deep outside keep on walkin. If there are a few old heads playing pool and some people chillin' at the bar it's all good.The El bar is everything you want a dive bar to be. It is the dive bar of my dreams. It's literally perfect. It's equipped with $2 pounders and $3 city wides, plus an amazing outdoor space accented by a hodge podge of party lights, roaming kitties and the el sweaking by every 10 minutes. It's fantastic. Check out the open mic night on Wednesday nights, too. I also love the jazz band - such groove!  It gets a bit busy on the weekends and late nights, which makes it slightly less enjoyable. Also, watch out for trolls that hang out at the bar. They will deride you for no reason but to entertain themselves.Whenever here I feel as though I am the least hip individual in the spot. This isn't neccessarily a bad thing.  Granted I kinda sorta enjoy walking in the door clean shaven, rocking a button up shirt just to see what type of reactions I get from the the bearded, tattooed, leather jacket wearing hipper than hip hipsters.  It's a great dive bar spot.  If you want cheap beer, a philly special, or just take a load off, the El bar is for you.  
  The employees are always helpful, and they hold it down really well.  Christi and Jess are always on point, killing it!  When the weather is nice the backyard is a great hidden spot to sit on old beat up lawn chairs/furniture and drink your high life or pbr.  If your with a group of people, grab a table, smoke as many hand rolled cigarettes as you need to fulfill your nicotine fix, and then stumble back inside and spend few dollars on a beer and a hot dog.  Hell if your feeling crazy, get a "happy meal!"  
  There is almost always a wait for the pool table, if your bored and looking to shoot some pool (even mid-day) jump on your bike, pedal over and you'll be able to find someone who will play!Awesome outdoor area, friendly staff and decent crowd.  Not usually over crowded like Brenda's or other hipster hot-spots, and a good mix of hipsters and townies that leads to a great night.
3 dollar city wides (shot of heaven hill and PRB pounders)Cash only (I know, right?).
I've been here two or three times now and each visit has been enjoyable. It's the good kind of dive bar that is comfortable, friendly, and fun. 
The inside is small-ish but offers some seating and plenty of standing room. The bar itself is pretty large and the bartenders are friendly, so it has consistently been pretty quick to get a drink. 
Only on my most recent trip did I go out back to the yard. I was definitely missing out as this is the best part! There is much more seating and it's really nice when the weather is good. The whole vibe going on outside reminded me of bars that I visited in Austin.
It's reliably fun and only a matter of time before I'll be back.DON'T:
forget to bring you id
stand by the pool table
stand by the bathroom
take too long in the bathroom
complain about it being cash only
DO:
bring cash
order specials
pet the cats
sit in the backyard
remember to lock your bike up correctly outside (if you bike)The El is a place that pushes to and sometimes beyond the limits of dive bar. The decor is eclectic and made of what are definitely found pieces of furniture. That in itself is kind of charming, but it does seem like the pieces were found in the dirtiest dumpster in philly,  wiped with a square of toilet paper, and thrown into the bar.
In fact, the entire place does have a very dirty feel- and smell. The yard out back is dirt and dirty furniture. I don't mind a dirt yard, but it's dark, uneven, and smells off. We sat at a table and it was so uneven that a light poke knocked over the drinks on the table. 
Also a negative is that the staff does indeed let you know that you're talking too loudly. It feels like you're secretly drinking underage, and is a big buzzkill.  We came on a Saturday night so the yard and bar were packed- there was no hope for quiet.
I will say, though, that the staff can a be a bit standoffish initially, but I can't blame them based on the very hipster clientele. In reality, all you have to do is talk to the staff like actual people and you'll recognize that they are amazing and probably get a few good stories out of them. Really, the staff is a bright, bright spot of this place, and they serve ridiculously cheap drinks if that's a selling point for you.
Overall, coming here will leave you smelling and wondering if you caught anything from sitting in the bar. You can get cheap, poor to average quality liquor/beer made as well as possible by great people, but it's only worth it if you don't mind hanging out in what amounts to a dumpster that gets a spray of fabreeze every few years.Is it appropriate to live and work and play in Fishtown/Kensington and not just really like El Bar? Is it not unconscionable to patronize the neighborhood establishments who run the gambit from trying so hard for posterity yet failing so much as put on aires to full on corporate mousetrap while turning up ones nose at an establishment which has clearly implemented a dive bar algorithm and executed practically without flaw? I think it heresy for any one who touts the culture of functional alcoholism relieved of politics for a politics of indifference, deficient in violence both physical and economic, and enlivened by the most proprietous anesthetic that cause of and cure to all of life's problems -- Cheap Booze -- to propagate the sin of self-induced delusions that El Bar does not approach the pinnacle of simplified, modern-dingy, dank, hole-in-the-wall aesthetic and streamlined the practice of drinking within in. So keeping in line with its "less than perfect perfect" spirit, four out of five stars is the most suitable rating..This is an update to this review. Lately more of the "Punker Crowd" or hipster(not sure what you call them) have been coming to the El bar. This can be great or Ehh!  depending on where you fit in. The change over has taken over a span of over a year or so. Less and less of the orignal regulars(before the transition)  have been showing up. Then again lately I havent been going as much so they might still show. Having said this, the people here are friendly and still never a problem. Even if this isnt your crowd you still can have a good time. Saturday pretty much completely belong to the Punker Hipster crowd. Before it was a rotating schedule sort of like an experiment. Guess the experiment worked and went Punker Hipster. I stopped in the other night my first time in while. I still had a good time. My buddy who originally discovered the bar has pretty much stop going. He pretty much goes to play pool and we both live about 20 mins away. So its kind of pain for him to drive up and discover they have a band going on(no pool table). Especially since this seems to be the norm now. Smoking (im a smoker) takes place outside now and a new outside Lounge(the backyard) has opened up. Wrapping up my update I still haunt the El bar but has become less frequent. On Band nights I just peek in maybe sit for a beer or just plain leave. On those nights it gets packed and well dont particulary like the music. Some of the old original Non-Punksters have just melded in with the Punk Hipster crowd and deal with it. Still a friendly place with friendly Bar Tenders...
PS...One of my favorite dive-y bars in fishtown which is chock full of chill neighborhood places.
The El Bar gets points for having cheap strong drinks, and good deals on booze. Also the El Bar has shows which vary from punk to rockabilly to hip-hop. Honestly this is one of the handful of bars in East Kensington/Fishtown that welcomes "outsiders"(read non-white or gay or too bougie). 
Come here to relax and have drinks with friends. Beware the back yard in the summer time-lots of mosquitos!This reminds me of the dive bar trifecta near my place in Chicago.  Lots of hipsters all wearing blacks and grays, all drinking PBR, and all with wool knit beanies (in the winter, but probably in summer too)
The El-Bar kitty in the corner was nice and passive.  The piano was detuned and missing some ivory.  There was one lone hot dog in the hot dog heating contraption that someone actually purchased (I didn't get to see if they lived or died)  But the people there seemed nice enough.  I was recognized by someone I did not recognize at all, even after they stated when and where they knew me from.  It started to get uncomfortably crowded and intrusive so we left around midnight.  
I don't mind this place though.  Perfectly divey, never douchey.Huge yard and fun times.  Pool table is great and everything is cheap.I mean, whatever, it's a dive bar. I've seen bands play here, I've had a PBR here, I tried to order a mixed drink here, on several occasions, I don't recommend that. I ordered a grey goose and tonic, and while it may have been the cheapest I've ever encountered it was served in a pint glass with seltzer instead of tonic. I figured maybe the guy was just unfamiliar with the soda gun and let him know the second time that it was seltzer the first time and I wanted tonic, still got seltzer. I also got a doublshot for a single so I just sucked it up, literally. They sell ramen for $1 and some chips or snacks or something too.  Cool back area too.This is a great hipster bar in the Fishtown section of philly! They have events every day of the week that varies from open mic night to jazz! I love the nostalgia that lies within this bar establishment too. There's a sign in the El Bar that states it sold the most PBR in 2012 which I believe.. stop by and give this place shot if you are in the city. Also ask about the Kensington Happy Meal!Not long after I signed up for Netflix, I was watching Jaws and had a terrifying experience. It wasn't the shark that was scaring me, either--far worse, I found myself PREEMPTIVELY grading the movie. "Do I love this," I thought, "or do I really like it?" Last night at the El Bar, yelp.com exuded its same influence. As I sat, soaking in the sweet sounds of T.Rex and Talking Heads, sipping an icy cold $2 Pabst Blue Ribbon, relaxing my tired bones in the comfortable plastic chair, the Christmas lights stopped looking like bulbs at all; instead, they looked like stars. Five big red ones.It's been about a year since i've been. was my birthday, drank way too much wild turkey, threw up on the train ride home. national rifle played. usually some good bands, cheap cover, cheap drinks, an interesting layout, if i remember correctly. worth checking out. though it's a few doors up from kung fu necktie and a block or so from johnny brendas you would never associate El Bar with those places. and that's a good thing. you can drink in peace in this neighborhoodly dive, and you're bound to run into a 65 year old plumber or junkman from around the corner. located right under the el. beware young ladies, in the  night time it's probably not the safest walk.A total local hipster bar. Not a place to take a lady on a first date but good for locals wanting a cheap beer. My girl says it smells funny and maybe it does but I like funny smells. My girl says it's not a place to take a lady after 14 months either so maybe leave the women at home and come with your boys.Close to me, cheapsest Citywide Special I've seen anywhere, two cats, two hot dog and PBR happy meal, and a backyard.  Can you ask for anything more?  I certianly can't.
Yes, the atmosphere is hipstery, but most people are friendly, or at the very least, not afraid to talk to you.  I think 90% of the times I've gone to El Bar, I've ended up having a conversation with someone I didn't know going in.  It usually adds to my adlready great experience.  I've had a hipster couple suggestively ask how old I was, a man in a cowboy hat tell me about his self-starring photo shoot, and had some ask me, "Wanna play Dirty Harry?".  Luckily, I quickly realized it was just the pinball machine.
With a $3.50 City-Wide special, you can get yourself drunk with barely a dent in your wallet.This place is okay. Everytime I come here, there is something odd as hell (a catering table in the back area that had spaghetti drunk people were amusingly trying to eat, two black labs chilling in the bar, a odd girl in yoga pants who was twirling and dancing on everyone until another girl poured a PBR on her head, a bartender with a shitty wig and glasses, a Rod Stewart-lookalike who dances to Duran Duran by himself by the jukebox...) so that makes it entertaining. 
One time there was a nice Foowich food truck there. I would never eat the food from the actual bar, though.
It's a nice place to get sloppy.This bar was pretty cool. I read a review saying "hoarders dream", I'd say that's pretty accurate. If you're a smoker or don't mind hefty clouds of smoke there's a cool heated patio-type area that you can smoke in and it has space heaters. The inside decorations were dope, everything fit exactly where it was supposed to. Also the outside staff is funny and nice. Drinks were week though. Also they liked my photos on instagram, I got a kick outta that.smells more than just a bit like pee and body odor. if that doesn't bother you, it's a fairly enjoyable dive.One of my favorite bars in Philadelphia! The crowd is always awesome and everyone is super chill. The place is decorated in a cool fashion, and it's right next to the El so it's easy to get to via subway. The drinks are huge and $6, which is worth I.T. Love coming here!!!The El Bar is definitely my new favorite bar in Philly. There's really nothing bad I can say about the El Bar, everything about this place is pretty fantastic.
First of all, its CHEAP. You might even call it dangerously cheap. $3.50 for the citywide special ( PBR Tallboy + shot of whiskey for those noobs out there). I also got $2 pickleback shots (shot of whiskey followed by a shot of pickle juice, again for the noobies). Dude, I can get drunk (not just buzzed, but DRUNK) here for $10. SWEET. 
Of course it's packed with hipsters, but hipsters are the best people to people watch, one of my fave activities. I've overheard conversations about telescopes and planets here, as well as been approached by a guy in a cowboy hat telling us about how he just did a sexy photoshoot of himself by himself. It's safe to say there are some characters that hang out here...
One last thing, the backyard is AWESOME. Biggest backyard I've ever seen at a bar, period. I also think its a great idea to have trashbins to throw your empty PBR cans in (and yes, you will be drinking PBR when you hang here), it eliminates a lot of work for the awesome staff and keeps the backyard clean and can-free for the patrons. 
All and all, i LOVE the El Bar. Come here with a good attitude and a $10 bill and you will have a good time and leave feeling pretty damn good too.Went early on a Weds night (8 or so).  
First noticed the bartender was a ZZ Top animatron--sprayed wig buffont, long black beard, dark shades, few on words.  
Drinks were cheap--the citywide special here is upgraded to a PBR tallboy.  Good people watching, pinball. I plan on going back.It is a kewl place. The bar tenders talk to you - the hipsters culture has not infected the bar in a negative way. People actually smile. I guess everyone is so drunk that they are nice. I like picking up my six pack for $10.50. This is a must go to hang out.I used to call this place home when I lived half a block away. The best time to come is early in the afternoon when it's nice and quite so you get the oppertunity to play pool for a few hours (unlike at night where you'll be lucky if your turn even comes up). Spacious back yard with plenty of seating. Strung up twinkle lights. And the El Bar Cats.
My only complaint is this place's growing popularity and how crowded it gets in the evenings/at night. (which is good for the business itself, but not if you want to relax and have easy access to ordering a drink).I love El Bar.  It's a non-pretentious 'hippster-ish' place, void of douche-bags with cheap drinks and a great vibe.  The people there are usually locals and pretty friendly.  There are always a decent number of people at the place, but never too crowded nor empty.   It's a great sort of low-key place to hang out, play some pinball, pool, or to just throw back a few cheap beers.We like coming here because it's close to our house and we have met new friends here. 
Even the chunky bartender with black lipstick who was really mean to us on NYE rendered a perfect dive bar experience. B* just gimmie my pbr! And like it! 
I really like the outside area. It's heated, too! It's a good place to start your night. It's great for what it is, a dive bar.On the first day I moved into my new place I encountered this place.  I live right across the street from the El Bar so I naturally went in after hauling all my material possessions into my 'new' house.  I was exhausted, a bit sad after moving away from MPLS, and I needed a drink.  Upon entering, I immediately laughed and decided that Philly just offered me a wonderful treat.  There might as well been a banner that said "Welcome Ildefonso."  
Here's why: The bar-tender.  I believe his name is Mike.  Either way--I can't get over how much of a caricature he is.  I'm sure he knows this--he has to.  It's just not fathomable.  With beautiful black feathered hair that is combed back and intense black sunglasses that he sleeps in, and a voice that echoes rico suave, Michael could pose for any picture, anytime.  In fact, there is already a movement happening in this direction: there is now a t-shirt where you can buy that has his picture on it.  Michael is the Scott Seekin (for you MPLS folk out there, you know what I'm talking about) of Philly.  With Mike alone, this bar went up to 5 stars.  I've been coming into this bar everyday Sunday for this experience alone.
Other great qualities to this bar: the patio is great, though can be a bit dirty.  There's also live music on the weekends, and the people are generally interesting.
Sadly I had to knock off one star though because of the lack of choices in the beer dimension.  I don't think I'm really that much of a beer snob, but I really want more than just four or fives types of beers.  Other than that, the El Bar is definitely a fun time, especially on the weekends.  Or just come in for the city special on Sundays when Mike is working.  He'll hand out free food to you as well.One of my favorite bars in Fishtown. I love the backyard area and the pool table. Drinks are cheap, large, and strong. There's never any cover. 
Cash only- I ALWAYS forget.You have your favorite bars then you have a place that really feels like home. I love dive bars and have been to them all over the country. This one passes with flying colors. The juke box is pretty awesome the bartenders kick butt and the staff and patrons are often very interesting. Not every one is going to like you there but it's not a popularity contest just drink...I've gotten sloshed quite a few times here and had some interesting conversations and it's a great place to unwind and dissappear from the world for a few hours.
Definitely a place for lost souls and creatures of the night.
I've met the owner since and know quite a few of the bar tenders.
There have been some awkward moments where stupid friends nearly got me kicked out. But I myself still love this bar and have a lot of fond memories from times there.Went to the El Bar again for girls night out, I love this place!! Perfect 5 star dive bar. Drinks are excellent and the bar tenders are so quick and friendly l. Definitely try this place you won't be sorry.Cash only always breaks my heart about the el bar. It's hard to resist a night of karaoke and sitting outside looking at their cool back yard with a bunch of smokers. This bar is nothing special and a little grimy. The bartender wouldn't know a Yeungling from a PBR but who cares. It's a nice place to people watch while pool players almost stab you with pool cues as you're sitting at the bar. I like the el bar. The staff is always friendly and the hipsters are always hipping.The El Bar is one of those places that you would think is dangerous if you're new to Philly, but it is one of the best divey bars in Philly to me. 
The beers are cheap, and 90% of the people around you will be drinking Pabst tallboys. 
The bar on busy days can be swamped, with both sides being virtually impassable. But luckily there is an backyard with plenty of chairs and tables (which is now a lot less shabby than it once was). Since it's mostly dirt back there, its only good during stretches of decent weather.
One regular days the crowd is generally hipsters with the occasional drunken regulars or pool sharks. Busier days see a lot more of what I call "the normals", the kids who used to normally be found at irish pubs in center city, that somehow found out about this place.  The crowd swings back and forth between slow and busy almost arbitrarily and it no way coincides with what day of the week it is.  
All in all, I love the place. Its great for those times when you only have a few bucks but you would like the hang out somewhere.4 dollar city wides, pool table, live music occasionally, young crowd and outside area. Pretty much all I need for a good friday night. Always bump into some nice new people or old friends pretty solid environment for me. Always have a pretty good night hittin up El Bar.Been going there for a while it is definitly hands down #1 dive bar in Philadelphia cant beat it . there local crazies ,stray cats, cheap booze,crazy looking bartenders, big back yard so its a great place to go for a real dive barthis is the bar I feel most at home. it's really like cheers, where everybody knows your name. Sometimes host to live music, everything from jazz to punk, el bar is a meeting place for all different people: locals, oldheads, hipsters, punks, etc. it's a small dark place but tables and chairs and two sides of the bar provide seating. it's not odd to see a cat or two stalking around, too (they're pretty friendly). $2 pbr tall boys, city specials, and other cheap deals abound here and the service is on point . expect to become friendly with the bartenders if you go often. pool table and jukebox for those interested ( I always find myself drunkingly playing madonna's borderline).Had a particularly good time coming to see my friend's band play (The Blessed Mothas) along with 2 other stellar acts (Sex Slaves and Loafass). The yard is pretty chill and full of characters, for sure. Must admit my first impression walking in ,though, was "Look at these f___ing hipsters."This isn't a restaurant, it's a bar Yelp. And they have indoor and outdoor cats. Generally pretty gross but if you're in to that sort of thing... The back yard in summer is bug infested including the trash picked furniture. Ok for a house party but not something I look for in a bar.Love this place! Great outside patio you can bring your drinks out to on a nice day !I love this shit hole. I love the bartenders. I love a cheap shot that comes with a beer that I can share with a friend. Oh yeah and when the magic pizza shows up - it saves my life.Perfect dive bar... I had a ball there drinking pickle Backs. The drinks were cheap the atmosphere was cozy / dive. Mismatched seats a big pool table in the middle. The bar tender took some getting used to but even his personality came through after a few drinks. Really cool, laid back place. I just would suggest not using the restrooms there other then that have a blast. You might want to try the Kensington happy 2 hotdogs, chips and a PBR all for 5 bucks! Have funI was semi-surprised to see Justin Bieber stop by at Johnny Brenda's. But I wasn't impressed. 
I would've been impressed if he walked a bit further to El Bar.Can't be beaten. We moved down the block and were intrigued from day 1. Went in for a couple PBR tall boys and certainly enjoyed the view. Quite the scene to say the least .. we encourage you to give it a go. As a matter of fact, we're on our way back right now!
They run a 'Kensington Happy Meal' every day til 7. For $5 you get a a PBR Tall boy, a shot, 2 hot dogs and A TOY! 
Seriously, awesome.
BRING CASH!Super easy. Quick 'n dirty personified, but oh so right.I had an absolute blast here and didnt drop a lot of dough.  Mind you it was a great birthday party, so I have no idea what the normal crowd is like.
Why the four stars?  Here's a snippet from one of my conversations...
My friend:  "It's so smoky in here I want to go outside for my cigarette."For a lazy night out, if you're feeling like going to a dive bar- this place is great. I think they have a sweet back yard area...I'll have to go back when it isn't crowded and hot. 
Not much else to say. The interior is pretty typical. Nothing to speak of.Went here for the first time last night and loved it...right up my alley!  Cheap beer, a juke box, a pool table...what else do you need?  I was pretty well buzzed after spending less then $20...what other bars can you say that about?  Loved it there and can't wait to go back!Love the grungy atmosphere and the eclectic outdoor space! Wish it wasn't cash only but what can you do!I like places with cheap beer.  I like places with back patios.  I sat in this here back patio on a nippy February eve, talking to some people from someplace far away.  I wonder how they ended up at El Bar, because I would go sprinting for the nearest Philadelphia border if I were a tourist in this area.  But I'm not, so my super street smarts kick in and I don't care about that.  It's actually not too bad around here.  Whenever I end up here, that was not the original plan; we were probably in Old City and then realized "oh! I hate everyone within a four block radius of this place!" and head on over to El Bar/Kung Fu Necktie/if I'm being adventurous, Atlantis. 
The pool table area is kind of cramped so you do sometimes get a cue somewhere in between the 3rd and 4th lumbar vertebrae while sitting on the barstools.  
For the record: There are a lot of good bars in Old City, just not on a Saturday night.  Nosiree, not for me.I spent a couple of nights in this neighborhood recently and really enjoyed my stay at this dive bar. The outdoor garden is very nice, too bad it closed at midnight already.Best dive bar I have visited since the Lord Cheltenham closed it's doors up in Melrose Park.  Almost as cheap as drinking at home...this old guy felt comfortable there.  Bit of a funky smell (just like The Lord), but after a few minutes  you don't even notice.Not much in either direction.  Very divey, the digital jukebox and fairly inexpensive prices are the best things about this place.  The outside rape-dark patio is nice, too, for when it's time for sex crimes.  Live music occasionally, typical cluttered/trashy-hip decorum, graffiti on the bathroom walls, piss on the toilet seat, a big fat surly dick-pimple wearing a mullet wig and fake beard behind the bar serving Miller High Life and PBR strait out of the cans and bottles they were born in!
It's okay, but there are better dives if you want that atmosphere, which is the only reason you'd go here instead of the dozens of other places like it in Philly.  Not saying I dislike it, just no reason to go out of your way specifically to go here.The El Bar is an awesome dive located on the edge of Northern Liberties at 2nd and Front right under the elevated train, hence the name El Bar.  It might be an intimidating place at first glance but check out the beer prices and their 'city special,' a PBR pounder and house shot for 3.75 and the 'Special,' a Kenzinger and a house wiskey for 4.75. I came in here last Sunday with a friend and ended up picking up a stray at the bar, denting up my car, and even got laid. Overall, El Bar is a hell of place to inspire greatness and topple us all.
Happy eating and drinking Philly.Wow....just wow!
After slugging pint after pint elsewhere and failing to achieve a satisfactory buzz, I moseyed on over here on Saturday night. 
I'll take my PBR sixteen ounces at a time, thank you very much. Heaven Hill sucks, but it gets 'er done. 
The crowd was awesome. 
The crew is awesome. 
The dungeon-like bathroom reminiscent of "The Silence of the Lambs" is awesome. 
The little hangout nook just beyond the bathrooms is awesome.
The mix of music playing on the jukebox was awesome.
They have a yard I didn't check out which I am sure is awesome. 
The dynamics of Philly's dive bars is a very interesting thing. 
Take a place with a comparable dive and grime quotient (D&GQ™), like Mako's for instance: Mako's location attracts doucher-types & tourists. El Bar attracts none of that. El Bar's location comes with a potential for _real_ danger. Mako's is labeled as 'dangerous' by know-nothings or the high & mighty. Both can be maligned for the very thing which gives them their appeal. 
You could write a doctoral thesis about this shit.
The special is the cheapest around. I can't remember the last time I encountered a friendlier crowd. Before I knew it, I was closing the place. 
Don't take my danger comment the wrong way. It shouldn't dissuade the street-wise or Philly-savvy from going there. Let's just not be naive, okay? I've taken quite a shine to this place and will definitely be back. 
Wow, just wow.....Went here last night. I liked the outdoor area, I like when bars have that option. Even though I have had a knack for more making more "hipster" friends, I didn't LOVE the hipster scene- too much smoking! Barf! 
I did like that there was a jukebox. Oh! And I like that drinks are cheap as shit. Yeah! Good job guys.Looking to get sauced on the cheap?  Head to the El Bar.  Wanna go out to pre-game with little cash?  Head to the El Bar.  It's not quite 2am yet, you're still coherent and you want to reach the equivalent of yodeling off a cliff a la Price is Right?  El Bar.  Hell, you can grab take out lunch some place else and start the day right off at the El Bar since they're open mornings.  Even the bathrooms now smell exponentially better than a year ago; this bar is tops for advancing cirrhosis.First, this is a basic dive bar and is CASH ONLY.
Love the El, especially in the spring, summer, and fall when the weather is nice and you can enjoy a nice Kenzinger Special out back while the train rumbles by. There are few places you can enjoy a beer and relax like you were in your own backyard on a summer day like you can at the El. 
Always a good time, it is nice a quiet during the day and has a way of attracting a diverse crowd from the old Kenzos to the new Yupsters (that is, Yuppies who like to pretent they are poor Hipsters) with plenty of authentico Hipsters in between. It has that an intimate and homey feel that lots of dive bars do, only in my opinion more so, I think because the center bar and portion wall dividing the space in two rooms, the small recessed "stage" nook to the side, and the backyard subconsciously cause you to recall a house. 
The backyard is great but the caveat is that they shut it all down at 11pm on and encourage you to keep it down in general as it gets late on weeknight out of consideration for the neighbors, which I am fine with because I am not an inconsiderate brat. On weekends it is a different story and is open almost to close. Also, sometimes Racoons come out of the tree, and that's cool.
For deals on drinking the El is hard to beat. $2 for a PBR pounder. $2.50 Kenzinger during happy hour. They actually do the City Wide (shot and a beer) unlike most of the downright un-Philadelphian bars in the city, and for only $3.50. Maybe you are hungry? Grab a Kenzington Happy Meal; a PBR pounger, two hot dogs, a bag of chips, and a toy for $5. Or maybe some vegan tacos or a cup of Ramen that they offer. You may also be lucky enough to show up when they are doing free pasta, which I stumbled upon before, and even as a Italian-American pasta snob I have no problem with mediocre pasta for free dollars. 
Some people might find the place a bit dark and dirty for their tastes. They may not like the very limited beer selection, or the cheap liquor. That is fine, just set a heading South and go back to Center City and South Street and be pretentious there instead, more room in the El for me, and it gets crowded fast when they shut the yard down.I felt like I would have blended in a bit more if I had multiple tattoos or piercings, but anyway. The drinks were stiff, the mixed ones being average in price (something in the 7-range). The bartender was super sweet and friendly. The bathrooms are made to look like somebody snorted coke and graffiti-ed all over the place, but I suspect that this design is a deterrent for actual graffiti--and the sink and toilet were VERY clean, at least around 11 pm it was. Oh, and the non-ladies bathroom had a sign that indicated something to the effect of being open to anyone whose gender identity wasn't either or. The music wasn't my favorite, but there was only a donation of whatever you want to give for entry. And some part of the band (lead singer?) claimed that they were having their wedding reception there, so the entertainment factor with all the speeches and throwing of flowers, placing of the garter belt, etc was pretty amazing and by then, the urge to get a facial piercing or tramp stamp totally subsided.The perfect dive bar.....now if I could only minus some hipsters and the b.o. Cheap citywides, huge backyard, if you are a smoker they closed off a part out back so you don't freeze you butt off. Go there on Wed. or Sun for Mike the bartender he is awesome.