Although the term is often overused, "farm fresh" truly applies here. Inventive, flavorful dishes and just-right portions amaze. A cozy dining room, friendly atmosphere and attentive service make it the perfect setting to catch up with friends and loved ones (BYO, so grab a good bottle). Try the Bloody Beet Steak!Excellent if pricey meal in a tiny room, a little too close to the neighbors, but a great BYOB none-the less. We enjoyed the Bloody Beet Steak, Tom Culton's Salsify, Pappardelle Duck Ragu, Wild Striped Bass and Old Spot Pig Sirloin and Jowl. Everything was super delicious, and very well presented, with perhaps the Winter Vegetable Salad a bit disappointing - more a matter of my choice than the dish itself.Other than the non-parallel construction of the restaurant name, which annoyed my grammatically minded girlfriend, The Farm and Fisherman got everything right. 
The chef revises the menu every night based on what ingredients are fresh. All of the appetizers were tempting, but my girlfriend and I decided to start with a plate of mushrooms and a 24 hour roasted squash. The chef later told us that the mushrooms had been recently gathered by forager in rural Pennsylvania who had to sleep out in his car for two nights. The effort was worth it, we really enjoyed.
We shared a middle course of slow cooked tuna and then moved onto a steak and a chicken for our main course. Overall, the food was probably the best I have ever had in Philadelphia.
The restaurant is small, but manages to feel cozy rather than cramped. Assuming that I am able to get another reservation, I will be back.An absolutely delicious restaurant. We all shared and wanted it all. Even the bread was outstanding. I like the BYOB Philly scene since I like my wine and I like to know what I'm getting. The decor was minimal and felt like you were in someone's dining room. Bathroom was clean, kitchen looked very clean as well. Wait staff was helpful and attentive, but not overly so. A table next to ours didn't like their order and it was replaced with something else free of charge. Pretty cool place.I recently ate here for the first time, and I enjoyed it. The menu items are served with food items that you don't typically see on menus - fiddlehead ferns, ramps, etc. I ordered the tilefish that came with asparagus and fiddlehead ferns, and it was fantastic.This restaurant was spot-on in so many ways - service, food, ambience. First, the service was impeccable. Our waiter was perfectly attentive, in that he always magically appeared when you needed a wine refill but in a very noninvasive way. The front of the house was outstanding. When we spotted another table getting a dish that were not on the menu and asked about it, she sent out a complementary dish for our table which was very unexpected and appreciated. 
Now to the food. We started with the tomato burrata salad and the chilled sweet corn crab soup. Both were delicious, the burrata was some of the best tasting cheese I've ever had. For seconds, we had the poached egg and the wahoo. Both were standouts. The lamb ribs (not on the menu) came in between our second and third course and were sumac incrusted caramelized lamb ribs. Their texture was a cross between candied but savory braised ribs. They were falling off the bone - and were the most special dish of the night. Finally, we had the pork tenderloin and flank steak which were both stellar. The portions were perfect, and we left very full without dessert. 
This restaurant has outstanding value. We have spent that much on many dinners that pale in comparison to this meal, especially with drinks, so the BYOB aspect makes it a special dinner place that you can go to more than once in a while. The ambiance is also fantastic, although it does get a little bit noisy so if you have hearing problems going earlier in the evening would be ideal. Also, note that the restaurant is very friendly to folks who are gluten-free as every dish with the exception of one on the menu was gluten-free last night. 
Overall, this is now one of our top 3 favorite restaurants in Philly. We are happy to support such an outstanding restaurant that supports local, organic, sustainable ingredients.After a long drive home we were looking for a nice quiet dinner so decided to try this place. I called to reserve a tbl and was told not to worry about it because after 8:30 all guests would have been seated. To be sure, I asked the young lady if she'd like my name to hold a table but was assured we were fine and to just come in. Kitchen is open to 10pm. My date and I arrived at 9:42 and asked to be seated. There were three tables at the time and we were starving. The server reluctantly said hello, I asked for a table and she made a face followed by the infamous "let me check with chef on that". Needless to say, chef said no and we were turned away! I've been in the hospitality business for the better part of 20 years and this is my #1 pet peeve. It's a luxury to have guests coming in the door and the last thing you do is turn them away, especially like this. The girl even had the nerve to tell me I didn't have a reservation! I'll stop my rant here. Needless to say, I'll never go back and I'll make sure I tell all my coworkers/friends to stay away. 
It's a shame because I'm sure the place is great (3 bells) but they have a loser chef with a poor attitude and that's just bush league. Nice work cheffrey.In lieu of a long review, I am going to bullet point why I thought this place is excellent, why I will be recommending it to coworkers and guests at the hotel where I work, and why I will be returning very soon:
a) I love the ambiance. White table clothes, cozy candlelight, simple and clean.
b) small, concise, excellent menu...every choice available is a delicious choice
c) knowledgeable, attentive, friendly, sharp staff
d) BYOB
e) the duck literally melted in my mouth
f) the chef cooks amazing dishes, his wife runs a tight yet comfortable ship in the dining room...I love a good husband and wife restaurant team, and these guys nailed itSo glad I was able to eat at The Farm and Fisherman before it closes! I took my boyfriend there for his birthday last night and it was by far our favorite farm to table restaurant in Philly. 
We shared the Bloody Beet Steak for starters - very flavorful and juicy! Just a heads up this is a beet and not an actual steak :)
I got the asparagus risotto for a second course which was super rich and creamy. Then I had the chicken for my main course. The meat was super fresh and moist but I wasn't loving the cheese spätzle that it was prepared with. 
We had 5 total dishes for only $100 which I think is a tremendous value for the high quality and size of the meals. And it's a BYOB so you can save money on booze!Short of it:
BYOB & no corking fee. Everything is delicious, but if I had to put in order of what I thought was amazing to great: Bloody Beet Steak, Salted dark chocolate napoleon, Spice encrusted trout and new jersey risotto with lions mane mushrooms. I can't say for sure where the roasted winter vegetable salad sits within the list since it wasn't my main dish - but I would say top 3. 
The details:
The boyfriend and I decided to have one nice dinner while enjoying an impromptu weekend vacation to Philly. Neither of us had been before and this was truly a highlight of the weekend.
Bloody Beet Steak: Holy Beets. This set the tone for the rest of the meal. This was perfectly balanced - sweet, acidic, fresh, light...I wanted to bury my face into this dish. It's been a while since I've wanted to lick a plate clean. But luckily they give you brioche buns and butter in the beginning so I used that as a vessel into my mouth. 
Roasted Winter Vegetable Salad: It was a hard choice between this and the Beets for me, but luckily my boyfriend got it which was also surprising because he doesn't normally like cauliflower. So is it wrong that I was hoping that he just hated the taste so much that I could have two first courses? Unfortunately for me, he found it delicious and so I was only blessed with the tiniest of bites as he scraped up the rest of the vegetables. The bite was just as well balanced as the beet steak and to be honest, if I could eat vegetables like this more often I think I could be a vegetarian.
New Jersey Risotto with lion mane mushrooms: I'm sure this was possibly called something else, but I remember specifically the waiter mentioned that the risotto comes from Jersey and the lion mane mushrooms came from a local farm near philly. The risotto was done perfectly, and had bits of black truffle along with the lions mane mushroom. The taste of the mushroom
Spice encrusted trout: I'm always hesitant about spice encrusted things. Like, is it going to be overly salty/browned/overpowering that it destroys the flavor of which it is encrusting? But I took a chance, and I'm glad I did. The spice that encrusted the trout was coarsely ground so it gave a beautiful contrast to the meaty fish. The parsnips below were so delicious and sweet which went well with the whole dish.
Salted Dark Chocolate Napoleon: Whenever I go to restaurants, my thought is always "yes to chocolate" regardless of how full I am. This isn't your traditional napoleon, the phyllo dough was crispy thin and touched with honey sitting layered between salted dark chocolate mousse topped with white chocolate cream encircled by a caramel sauce. It was exactly what I needed at the end and was surprisingly light.
Bonus points: The chef worked at one of my favorite restaurants in NY.Two of us came in at 6pm on a Friday. I wish they would rearrange the entrance and the way guests are greeted. I was standing basically in the middle of the restaurant next to a couple's dinner table. Three people asked me my name after finally seating us. 
We brought two bottles of wine which they kept in the back. I read some reviews stating that the servers get snappy when you don't choose to order a dish from each section. This is 100% false. Our waitress simply told us how large dishes are and based on how hungry we are, we may not want all of the courses. We both started with the beet steak. Ugh amazinggggg, very savory, unlike any beet dish I've had before. If you like beets, I highly recommend this. For my main, I had bass with red quinoa (i think). It was very fresh and the portion was average for nicer restaurants. We shared the chocolate hazelnut and caramel torte which was divine.
My major down side was the wine. There were so many times when our glass was empty for more than 10 minutes. If you're busy that's completely fine. I would have liked our wine on the table. 
I'd love to stop in again since they have a rotating menu.Lovely farm-to-table spot that does BYOB. 
Delicious menu - we struggled to do not order everything. Everything seem fresh and tasty in that way that actual food tastes unlike the Sysco sourced food we eat about everywhere else. 
Handsome and warm dining room. Equally warm (and, sure, handsome) staff. 
Wonderful dinner - if this was in my neighborhood it would be our go-to.  Also, don't go here during that week where you want to give up bread as their Parker House rolls are spectacular. 
Two minor things.  
The beet steak (which everyone recommended) was odd in that the skin of the beet was still on there and proved to make things a bit more messy. Meh. 
Things moved a bit slow. That's not an issue, really. You're here for a nice evening already. We sat without wine or bread for way too long and our first course took excessively long to arrive. Maybe it was because I was starving that I noticed that.  
All said, great dinner!We celebrated with dinner here shortly after Joe proposed to me on a rooftop in Philly (after re-enacting a famous proposal from our favorite tv show HIMYM: here is the video of our proposal: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1TF8_lRyns ). To be honest, Joe had totally tricked me! I thought he was going to propose at a restaurant and then when he asked me to select a restaurant, I picked The Farm and Fisherman since it had great reviews online and sounds like they use the freshest ingredients. Our waittress was very kind and asked us if we were celebrating and I said we were celebrating Joe proposing to me and the waittress was so excited for us.
We started off with a beet salad which came highly recommended. It was delicious! and refreshing! a great way to cleanse the palate and start our meal.
The other appetizer we split was a braised beef short rib with gnocchi. This was delicious! A bit more savory and filling than our other appetizer, but I love hot appetizers and braised beef short rib so this was the perfect choice for us.
Joe got the cod fish dish with a sweet pea puree. He really enjoyed his dish, and I'm not a huge fan of fishy-fish dishes but this one was a great dish! The fish was cooked to a nice crisp exterior and juicy flaky interior.
I had the steak dish with a corn mash and roasted veggies. The steak dish was terrific but I really enjoyed the corn on the side.
Our waittress brought out this dessert trifle on the house in honor of our proposal. This was a really nice dessert but I was super happy that we had ordered this other dessert dish:
This apple tart was amazing! My favorite part was the crust, Joe and I were practically fighting over it. Overall, this was the perfect meal to celebrate our proposal.Our first visit was marred by two things. Upon arrival at 5:30pm, there was only one table occupied. Yet we were told that we could not have our choice of table for two due to "later reservations". When we finally caved in an took a seat at a table crammed between many more,  we were then moved to another table (still, not our choice) where we were told we'd be "more comfortable." After ordering a shared salad and two entrees, we were informed by a server that our order was "light" even though we planned to have dessert. Her warning was inappropriate and rude. However the food was excellent!Menu changed from what they had posted on their website that day, so we were disappointed when we got there but were willing to try other things.
Service was good and people were friendly.
Food however did not live up to the hype. Salad, trio appetizers, chicken, and trout were all average at best to bad. Perhaps other things on the menu are better, but based on these we will not ever return.F&F is a small eatery with a seasonal menu; they get much of their produce from small farms within Philadelphia. The quality of the food is top-notch; everything is fresh and bursting with flavor and most of the menu items are quite creative. The staff are very knowledgeable and willing to answer questions and discuss the menu at length, which we appreciated. The pace of the meal was unhurried, which we also appreciated as we enjoyed our bottle of wine (it's BYOB, which is common in Philadelphia due to medieval limits on liquor licenses). Portions and prices are moderate; I had three courses for about $40 and was comfortably full. The only odd bit was that as soon as we finished our food, they asked us to go outside to finish our wine because there were people waiting for our table (there were several empty tables). Aside from that, the experience was terrific, but it ended on a strange note.Part 1 of 2
OK, let's get this out of the way: I HATE THE NAME OF THIS RESTAURANT.
Ignoring the awkward grammar, explicitly alluding to "farm to table", "farm to fork",  "snout to tail", "slow food" or whatever in the name of your restaurant is the equivalent of someone painting a giant quote from Alice Waters on the wall of their restaurant.  Gag me with the figurative spoon, please!
That said, I LOVE EVERYTHING ELSE ABOUT THIS RESTAURANT!!!
Josh Lawler (ex-Chef de Cuisine at the famous farm-restaurant Blue Hill at Stone Barns in NY) and his lovely wife Colleen have created another one of what Philly does so much better than any other city in the world: an intimate, casual-yet-classy, food-centric BYOB that will undoubtedly be joining the likes of Blackfish, Bibou, Fond and Matyson on everyone's top 10 lists.  In fact, Chip Roman himself highly recommended this restaurant to us (and having been Josh's roommate at Drexel Culinary, Chip also doesn't pass up a chance to give props in the press to his new competition), so it was only a matter of time before our wine group made a pilgrimage here.  Undoubtedly the first of many...
FF is an intimate, ~30 seat BYOB on Pine Street, with fairly easy parking at a couple of lots within a few minute walk.  Inside, it's quite charmingly appointed and hits the sweet spot between casual and formal, making it the perfect places for an intimate romantic dinner, or a casual get together with friends over a good bottle of wine.  All the tables are square, white cloth 2-tops, but they can be arranged to accommodate various size groups, including our spacious table for 8.  In contrast to many tiny BYOBs, FF is actually quite roomy--they could probably have squeezed a table or two more, and there is plenty of room to carry on a private conversation or fit your wine and glasses on the table (excellent Guy DeGrenne stems from France).  I think I had 6 glasses in front of me, without problem.
FF has an interesting, short, constantly changing menu (depending on what they have in; and not having either a fridge or freezer, this is an absolute necessity!) divided up into 3 courses of increasing size, each having 4-6 choices, plus a special or two.
We decided to make things difficult for the staff and came up with our own tasting menu, having bigger dishes plated into smaller individual portions to share, and changing up the order of things to better match the wines we had brought (I've uploaded photos for all the dishes):
Bread: Warm rolls, supposedly Parker House-style (although they look more like a muffin) with a crispy exterior and delicate interior, were spread with perfect, lightly salted homemade butter.  After Bibou, the best butter in Philly.
First course: Grilled Spanish mackerel, with shaved fennel, warm citrus vinagrette, pine nuts and grainy mustard.  WOW!  Let me repeat this: WOW!!!  The Beet steak gets all the love, but this was the DOTN (dish of the night).  Quite simple to read it, and seemed like a mish-mash of ingredients, but the sum of the parts was knock-your-socks-off.  Each bite was a different experience, citrus one moment, earthy nuts the next.  A lovely match with the SB.
~Preceded by a 1996 Veuve Clicquot Ponsardin Champagne Brut La Grande Dame and served with 2009 Merry Edwards Russian River Valley Sauvignon Blanc
Second course: Handmade pappardelle with Wyebrook Farm pork shoulder ragu, fennel seed and Parmigiano-Reggiano.  An nice dish, with a good porky flavor to the ragu.  I would order it again, but this was probably the least notable of our courses.  However, the 3 Corners was an unbelievably great bottle of Pinot, massive leather & smoke on the nose, midway between New World and Burgundy, with a long, long finish (WOTN).
~Served with 2005 J. Rochioli Pinot Noir Three Corners Vineyard & 2005 J. Rochioli Pinot Noir Little Hill
Third course: Josh's signature dish of bloody beet steak, with yogurt, shallots, pan drippings, aged balsamic and amaranth.  Yes, this is worthy of being a signature dish, with a rich, meaty texture and flavor that prompted us to move it back in the lineup and pair it with a couple of Chateauneuf-du-Papes and a cab (I think the latter was the best match).  But, sorry, I still think that mackerel was The Man!
~Served with 2004 Clos de Papes Chateauneuf-du-Pape & 2003 Domaine du Pegau Chateauneuf-du-Pape (didn't catch the bottling) & 2002 Dominus Napanook Red.  The Pegau was a very fine wine with lots of saddle leather and barnyardy hay on the nose.
Fourth course: Rare New York venison with farmer's cheese spaetzel.  This was apparently a entree special for which there were only two plates left, so we split a slice each.  Perfectly tender, perfectly rare, on crispy/chewy spaetzel.
~Served with more of the 3 reds above.
OK, running out of space, so click the link below for Part 2 of my review:We went to Farm & Fisherman a few days after it opened.  It was mid-March and still a bit cold, and the small dining room was a bit drafty (they'll definitely need a shelter around the door next winter because when you walk in, you're standing right among the tables).  It's pretty close quarters with nowhere to wait for your table if you're early for your reservation like we are, but the location is great, and we were able to grab a quick drink at Mixto across the street (where customer service is sometimes seriously lacking).  What's good about being in such a small and intimate space is that you get a good look at what everyone's ordering, and everything looked delicious.  You are, however, knocking elbows with adjacent tables and can't exactly have any quiet conversation.  Farm & Fisherman is not the place to go for a quick bite.  I don't know if they're going for the "slow food" thing, but there was a long time between courses (filled with rolls and amazing house-made butter).  The food was really outstanding though and one of the best meals I've had in a while.  The farro soup was impossibly smooth with juicy chicken and a bright bite of microgreens - I asked if there was any cream in it because of the consistency, but nope that's just pure vegetable goodness.  We also had the prosciutto wrapped egg and pigs ear salad with pine nuts and lardoons (fabulously crispy and beautifully dressed).  For my entrée I had chicken...it was amazing, but I can't remember much else about it because I lost myself in the best hen of the woods mushrooms I've ever tasted in my entire life.  Actually, probably best any mushroom prepared any way I've ever had in my entire life.  Servers were moderately attentive and very knowledgeable.  We'll definitely be back.  BYOB.The menu changes daily, which is what you'd expect since they serve fresh, local ingredients.  Scallops were from Cape May, the piggie the bf had was local as well.  All in all, a very good meal.  Although it's sorta pricey, the byob minimizes the impact a bit.Everything was fantastic. Bloody beet steak, amazing. Venison, divine. My fav byob in the city, and possibly my fav restaurant in the city. Service was perfectWhat a romantic restaurant with such delicious food! It was so good that I wished the portions were a little bit bigger :) BYOB is def a plus! Thank you for a wonderful time The Farm and Fisherman!!!Absolutely amazing. Each bite was better than the next. Read every review with 5 stars and multiply it by 10!Whoops! Realized I meant to post this review on the NEW Farm and Fisherman Tavern site.  
We were excited to try this place after having a wonderful meal in Philly at the original Farm and Fisherman.  I must say that I'm a little biased because I think SJ has some amazing BYOBs so going anyplace where I have to pay $60 for a bottle wine sets me back a bit, but I will try not to let that distract me from this review.  Loved the bar with the true tavern feel.  We opted to sit in the dining area which was comfy but I wasn't crazy about the overhead lighting. Felt like we were in a spotlight.  Ordered the calamari which was delish- light and airy.  For our entrees we had the rigatoni bolognese with short ribs and the tavern steak. Both were tasty - especially the tavern steak. Highly recommend.  Glad we came but to be honest, this place didn't have anything special over the wonderful restaurant (BYOBs) in neighboring Collingswood.This is a great BYOB in a super cute neighborhood. The food was amazing: rich, fresh, and creative. The only reason they didn't get a 5 from me is because the server disappeared when we wanted our check. Other than that, it was great. The hostess let us know where we could pick up some booze (just a block or two from the restaurant) which was awesome. Definitely going back!If the service was better this would be a 4 star review. The meal began with some rolls (Parker House style) that were boring.  The restaurant made butter, fortunately, was quite good and enlivened the bland rolls.   
The spring salad had a lively assortment of fresh greens served over a schmear of creme fraiche.  Too bad there was a little more so you could taste a ramp and such more than once.  The mackrel appetizer was very well prepared, seared on one side and served with juicy, sweet grapefruit.  That was a hit.  The one very annoying component of these two dishes was the ridiculously large plates on which they were served.  The plates would have been appropriate for a individual pizza, but not a small fistful of fresh greens. 
The "mains" of pork belly and loin with mustard greens and spaetzel, and hanger steak, were both excellently prepared.  The steak was perfectly seared and the vegetables crisp and delicious.  The spaetzel had an interesting flavor and provided a good texture to compliment the mustard greens.  Both of these dishes were spot on and demonstrated talent in the kitchen.As far as service, I had an awful experience when just trying to call. I was interrogated about how I was making a reservation. I guess someone was trying to make a reservation at the same time I was calling, on Open Table. They were very rude and hung up the phone stating they had no reservations. This likely will be the ONLY restaurant on Philly top 50 that I will not eat at. Plus, I'm going to now tell 50 friends. Smooth move F & F.My husband and I dined at F & F for his birthday two days after they opened.  I had been looking forward to the opening of this restaurant ever since I heard about it, since we absolutely love Blue Hill at Stone Barns, but I was a tad hesitant about dining there so soon after they opened because most restaurants usually need a few weeks to "iron out the kinks."  F & F was the exception!  Every single aspect of our meal from the moment we walked in the door until we left was perfectly executed.  
The dining room was beautifully decorated and felt like a quaint neighborhood restaurant, without giving you the feeling of being the third wheel to the couple dinining at the next table over.  
We started with the sunchoke soup to share, which was excellent.  The roasted farro in the soup added a suprising crunch, while its nutty flavor complimented the sunchoke well.  
The winter vegetable salad with homemade cottage cheese was also spot-on.  For the entree, while I usually never order chicken at a restaurant, I sprang for it this time, and I was very happy I did.  
My husband ordered the pancetta-wrapped farm egg and the spot pig for his entree.  While I did not taste either of these dishes, he could not stop raving about them.  
The courses were timed perfectly and it was so nice not to feel rushed through our dinner.  The owner was so hospitable and even offered to take us to meet the chef following our meal, which was such a special birthday treat for my husband.  
We will definitely be going back.Flew in from LA and had heard about this restaurant from friends that live in Philly and I finally tried it last night. It was the perfect Fall evening with the perfect fall menu of Roasted beets and a wonderful pheasant dish.  The food is remarkable and I was very impressed as was the service. Had the pleasure of meeting the owners and the evening was a 10.  Perfect restaurant, Excellent cuisine and nice ambiance in a beautiful part of the city. 
Will be back every time I come to Philly!If i could give this place no stars I would. Stay away from this horribly pretentious place. They do not honor your reservation time and they will happily humiliate customers and make them stand behind a curtain by the door. There is no bar no place to wait, and they could not care less about your comfort or discomfort. We had been warned it was 'pretentious' but never imagined showing up for our reservation, on time, and being made to wait 15 minutes behind a curtain (in a space about two feet by two feet). When we inquired they made it sound like it was our problem, they were not the least bit sorry for the inconvenience. Instead we found a terrific place a few blocks away called Fish. Don't bother with these morons and spend your money someplace they will treat you well. No food is worth being treated like that.Farm and Fisherman is fabulous top to bottom. To start with, the space itself is very nice, particularly if you can snag a table by the window. Small and intimate; you do not feel that your fellow dinners are right on top of you. I think it has a romantic feel. 
Food is outstanding. We had the Bloody Beet salad ( a signature dish) and grilled  cauliflower salads to start. Very fresh and tasty as you would expect since it all comes from their own farm. Then split the mushrooms stuffed with home made pork sausage stuffing. Simply delicious. I then had the pork loin, which was cooked perfectly with tons of flavor. Em had the wild stripped bass, which was also excellent. Topped it off with two excellent desserts. 
It's BYOB so brought an excellent french white burgundy and a  Hirsch Pinot; both outstanding. 
Can't wait too return!!!This meal was positively lovely.
We arrived on a Friday evening a bit early for our reservation.  The table wasn't ready yet so we sat outside on their small bench and the server who greeted us brought us some water.
Finally at our seat we perused the menu and settled on the heirloom tomato salad (feta on the side) and the bloody beet steak (yogurt on the side)  Both dishes were as excellent to taste as they were to look at. If there is something they know here, it's wow factor with food.  They have great presentation.  The beets were perfectly cooked and I love the play on meat even though it didn't contain any.  Each dish stood on its own and was rich but not overpowering.
For my entree, I went with the short ribs.  I expected tender short ribs but I was blown away by the sauce and the sides.  This dish was a symphony of flavor and even though I don't eat much meat these days, this dish was easily up there with some of the best I've had.
Service was excellent and they kept both our water and our beer glasses full (we split a bottle of Pumking)  This restaurant was an excellent way to begin my labor day weekend and my plan now is to come back for the squid ink pasta.
F & F, you've got a new fan.I took my boyfriend here on Saturday night for his birthday dinner. I'm a huge fan of Blue Hill in NY, so we had to try this place. I'm so glad we did! Our meal was excellent, without exception. 
It's a small place, and they were almost completely full when we got there. We were seated right away, at a cute little 2-top by the door. I liked the cozy feel of the place. We were having trouble deciding what to order, and struck up a conversation with the couple next to us about what they'd ordered, which helped us make up our minds. 
My boyfriend ordered the bluefish appetizer and I got the winter vegetable salad. I could eat that salad every day and never get tired of it. We also split the poached egg wrapped in pancetta. It was served with sauteed spinach and mushrooms, and If you eat here, and it's on the menu, this is a must!  For dinner, boyfriend got the flatiron steak and I ordered the spot pig with spaetzle. Again, both were incredible.  We were so full, we didn't have a chance to try the dessert.  
The whole experience, from the food to the service, to the clientele (we also ended up talking to the couple seated next to us after the first couple left) made for a perfect birthday dinner for my boyfriend.  I will definitely go back.Part 2 of my review (see above for Part 1):
Fifth course: Natural strip steak, confit potatoes, spinach & brown butter puree, trumpet mushrooms and wild watercress.  Cooked medium rare, as tender as a filet and really made that Pegau sing.  [I also tried enjoyed some of the Virginia wild striped bass as well.]
~Served with the 3 reds mentioned below.
Dessert: Maple Napoleon, a simple, refined version with only a few crispy phyllo layers separated by delicate, lightly sweet cream.  A pleasant end to the meal.  I also tried a bit of the walnut molten chocolate cake...and I'm so over molten chocolate cake (Blackfish makes the best one)...and this was a nice change from the tried and true version.
~Served with 1975 Chateau Climens Sauternes
Service was fantastic: knowledgeable, unobtrusive, well paced and on top of the details (like reminding me to take the Sauternes off ice while we were eating our mains, so it wouldn't be too cold for dessert).  $92/person (counting a good-sized tip).
Even if based on only 1 visit, well deserving of 5 stars.
But how about changing the name to: THE BEET AND MACKEREL?
Sláinte!"Like farming and fishing, you have to WAIT for your catch"
We had reservations for 8:15 and weren't seated until 9:30. Once we were FINALLY seated we asked them to chill our wine, which didn't show up until a half hour later. We placed our orders and waited another half hour for the first dish to show up, which wasn't what we order. It was a complementary eggplant dish that was undercooked. Our "first course" finally showed up an hour after seating and those dishes were small but tasty. 
We all ordered the short ribs as our final course. It tasted like pastrami! YES, I'm referring to the lunch meat. Wow, what an over-salted let down.
Trying to salvage the meal, we ordered coffee...and THAT took 30 minutes to receive. After reading 5-star review after 5-star review for this place and spending $120 a couple, I cannot for the life of me explain what the heck happened here. 
Service - 1/5
Food - 2/5
There's plenty of better options that are BYOB for this kind of money!Absolutely fabulous food. Very friendly service. Small slightly cramped tables but it meant easy conversation with other diners all of whom were loving the food. Enjoyed the BYO policy. Great value. Highly recommend.Great little BYOB (emphasis on little, I agree with other reviewers that it's cramped). Everything was well prepared, inventive with fresh ingredients. Portions are on the small side, especially for the prices. Nice complimentary popovers. Good service. Hard to get a reservation (you have to book several days in advance).Delicious, delicious food in a cozy atmosphere.  Our entire party tried the sunchoke soup, which was DELICIOUS!  Also had the old spot pig and the clove-parsnip creme brulee, both were out of this world.  I loved my meal and the relaxed pace at which it was served.  Really excellent spot!Food was mixed, service was mediocre. It's a beautiful restaurant but I wasn't overjoyed about anything. It was my second time and I remember the first time in August being better than this both on food and service. This time I had a sunchoke soup which was delicious and the highlight of the meal. I also shared the salsify appetizer, which I'd never had before but was bland. And the shortrib main course which was fine but nothing special and not hot enough. I had a taste of the duck main course which was better than the short ribs but only pretty good.
The service was also frustrating since it took forever to take our order (after multiple requests and looking around for a waiter), get our wine back that they'd chilled for us, get sugar for tea, and on and on with things that shouldn't be so difficult. We were sitting in the corner so maybe that made a difference in service, but after the first time you request a waiter to take your order afer waiting 20 minutes or more, they should be on notice that you're there -- especially in such a small restaurant. I was disappointed after remembering enjoying it in August.The Pastrami Pork Belly with Burrata, soubise, red skin potatoes, and dry cherry  was among the finest meals I've had anywhere, anyplace, anytime. I am talking 'bout Last- Meal-on-Earth Good". Push-your-Gramma-down-the-Stairs Good. 
No Shit.
The Beet Steak with Pan drippings, yogurt, and aged balsamic is one menu staple that doesn't change and there is a reason for that. Earthy and bright with depth and altitude. 
The service was excellent, and although our waitress was a bit "foodier-than-thou", she did spend the time to elucidate us on exactly what a soubise is,  debate the merits of Phily's BYO scene (she was, paradoxically - not a fan), and discuss the finer points of a classically brigaded kitchen. Any joint that hires wait-staff with that level of knowledge and experience is gonna win.
The menu changes like the seasons, and so my experience will not be the same as yours and that is okay. 
To everything, there is a season. 
Turn. Turn. Turn.The layout is your typical Philly BYOB - small storefront setting with 15 or so tables pretty close together, and a rather short, pricey menu.  My friend and I each ordered the sirloin medium-rare, which was done to perfection.  I could have used a little more of the potatoes and greens, honestly - they were very tasty - but I know how chefs are about presentation.  The waiter was attentive and the food came out surprisingly quickly.  It was actually an older, classier crowd than I was expecting, although more young folks seemed to come in as the evening wore on.  Overall, an excellent mealWhen Judy Ni Tessier (one of the most engaging front of the housers in Philly) & Andy Tessier (Sous Chef) recently announced that they were leaving The Farm and Fisherman, which they have helped Josh & Colleen Lawler turn into one of Philly's finest restaurants, we knew we had to share some Champagne with them, and remember all the great meals we've had at F&F over the past several years.
Although F&F doesn't usually offer a tasting menu, they will do one if you ask, and Chef Andy really stepped up to the plate with one of the most memorable meals we've ever had at this wonderful restaurant.  See the photos I've posted...
9 courses (several of them off-menu), 8 bottles of wine, and 5 hours later, all I can say is that I can't wait to see what this charming and talented couple will do next...
Their last day is April 17th 2014, so you still have time to visit before they leave. Since Josh has been spending a lot of time at the new Cherry Hill restaurant, we'll have to see who he chooses to fill Andy's shoes. Judy and Andy have been with the Lawlers since the beginning, so they will be tough to replace...
For my more detailed review of F&F, click below.We had a fantastic meal and I would highly recommend.  We were taken right on time for our reservation and got a great tabel.  if possible, i suggest asking for a table in the front window.  The decor was simple but elegant.  Too many "farm" restaurants have pitchforks, ect on the wall.  Not here.
Food was outstanding.  Not sure that it will help to make specific recommendations since the menu changes seasonally and weekly, but everything we had was great.  I had the beetsteak, poached egg, and grilled cohiba.  Wife had fall salad, ravioli, and hanger steak.  Portion sizes were more than appropriate.  For dessert it was a chocolate cake.
What puts farm and the fisherman over the top though is its excellent service.  Wait staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  In fact, when my wife sent her hangersteak back to have it cooked a little longer, they cooked me another piece of fish so that our meals would be hot at the same time.  
We were there for our second anniversary and could not have chosen a finer spot.  I would highly recommend for any special occassion, especially romantic ones (although I must honestly say that I do not think it would be good for large parties, as there are only about 30 seats). 
Special thanks to the fine folks at Farm and the Fisherman for making our anniversary great!The brilliance of the cuisine at Farm and Fisherman apparently knows no bounds. Yes, once again a perfect meal. The moment you enter the restaurant, a warm feeling of caring and concern for the customer is apparent. The staff, truly enjoys educated you, as well, by their extensive knowledge of the items on the menu, additionally informative of food in general, and the history, origins if you will, of the food, which you are eating. On a gestalt level, the atmosphere, in this , in my opinion, perfect dining spot, works on a multimodal level. The comfortable seating, the clean and fresh decor, the lighting, as stated everything, comes together beautifully, to only further augment, and further enhances the dining experience. Now for my diner.
I started out with a delectable first course of: Pork belly, sausage and cheek. Personally, I would never dare to even begin, to try this dish at home. What I experienced, was a succulent admixture of fine, tender pork, literally melt in your mouth texture, that stirred up memories for me. My grandmothers were both excellent cooks, and   I remember vividly, the smells and taste of a gentler era gone by, when I was dining on this first course. The complexity of this dish was incredible, but I do thank the creators of Farm and Fisherman, for reminding  me of my youth, albeit their dish was on a level well, shall I say a tad different.
For my entree, I had the grilled cohiba, a wonderful grilled fish, with accompanying vegetables, that was perfect. The fish was grilled so subtly, delicious, and the delicate nature of this fish was brilliant. Again, having grown up on Long Island, New York, near the ocean, I was taken back to bucolic times, of grilled fish, more carefree times. But again, the complexity of my grilled fish, as a youth was not at the level of my diner, but the overall experience was similar. Thank you Farm and Fisherman.
The 2 deserts, a chocolate based desert and an apple desert were the most delectable ending to another meal at my favorite Philadelphian restaurant. 
All , at this juncture, all I can say is: Thank you. Randy I.Many moons ago my husband noted the opening of a new BYOB.  Life happened and we forgot and never got to visit.  We were completely overdue for a nice date night out that didn't consist of red box movies and homecooked meals (although delicious!).  We decided we needed to shower, put on nice clothes, and step out into town.
So I tried to make reservations via opentable.  The next 3 weeks for a Friday/Saturday were completely booked.  WHAT?! So we put our sweatpants back on and got pizza instead after I booked a table for 4 weeks later.
One night, we were out with friends and we were discussing a good place to go for dinner without a prior reservation.  Farm and Fisherman just happened to have a table available for a Saturday night! So we booked it, and we're so glad we did.  
I still dream about that beet steak, which can be found on their menu regularly (I think). But their menu changes often, so telling you what we ate seems silly but everything was saliva-inducing amazing.
Judy was our server and she was fantastic.  She was so personable and sweet without being overbearing.  Timing on the food service was impeccable, and our wine and water glasses were never empty (well, until we ran out of wine).   The restaurant itself felt like you were eating in someone's home.  Tables were close, and this place is better for couples or smaller groups of 4 or less.  I saw patrons enter and greeted with hugs from the servers.  WHAT?  
There is a reason why the dining room is fully reserved all the time.  People have standing reservations and come regularly.  Explains the hugs and lots of friendly banter between customers and servers.  Well... so we decided to keep our original reservation , which is coming up! Judy noted it, so hopefully I'll get a hug next week. 
PS - Judy and her chef husband also love crack chicken! Many wins all around for this place.Food was nicely presented.
Some thoughts:
Why serve two glasses of wine simultaneously per person.
Creativity, precision aside, not once did someone even acknowledge that things were going even the slightest bit slower than usual in the kitchen.  Lastly, our finished plates sat in front of us for fifteen minutes. I'm not sure if the waitstaff realized this because our server was not in the dining room.This was a strong like but didn't love it experience.  I will say from the top that we had excellent service--very friendly and patient in explaining the menu to my large group (there were 9 of us) so that we all could order things that fit our various dietary needs (and we had a lot of dietary needs). There were some amazing things, the bloody beet and the purple garlic soup were standouts, but the chicken I had was a little too salty, and not as exciting. I'd definitely be interested in going back and trying out some more things.The chef really needs to find a local source for herbs because the food here, while fresh and local, is bland. While someone knows how to plate--the food looks like a work of art--there's not enough attention to important details. The blueberry jam on the very good pannacotta was full of stems, for example. The wait stuff is friendly and attentive. In fact, they didn't even rush us to order. However, after we paid our bill and continued to chat, a woman came up to our table, didn't identify herself, and asked us to leave because someone else was waiting for our table. "You can continue your conversation outside," she said. Even if the food was great, I'd never go back.I came here with my beloved friends and colleagues at work for a work dinner and it was truly wonderful.  The setting was small and intimate with only 30 tables. Our table was nicely set and reserved for 6.  The 3 courses were impeccably paired with wine by one of my attendings (have to LOVE the BYOB option). We were started off with warm, fresh popovers.  It was hard to resist these  tasty, glutinous, soft buttery rolls and I could not help but eat more than one.  I loved my first course- the Bloody Beet Steak. The delicious tart "meaty" beets were perfectly marinated with beet drippings and creamy velvety yogurt. My second course was shared with someone and I got to taste the sturgeon as well as the creamy lamb ragu paired with Hand Made Fettuccine.  Who doesn't love fresh pasta?  My main course was the Great Lakes Walleye fish and it was cooked perfectly.  I thoroughly enjoyed the seared crispy skin on top.  The creamed lettuce, peekytoe crab, asparagus whole grain mustard really complemented well with the delicate, flaky fish and not overpowering the subtle flavors.  This restaurant constantly changes their menu and I can see that they make a point to use farm fresh/ in-season ingredients like fiddleheads and ramps.  The dessert provided a great sweet ending and we all really enjoyed the ricotta doughnuts!   The service was superb. Our server was attentive and had a good sense of humor.  
We had a great time and I really have to give the company I was with 10 stars!!  I guess we were having WAY too much fun with talking/laughing since we were harshly admonished at the end of our meal by a much older white haired gentleman saying that we ruined his meal with our decibel level.  We did not know that our small 6 people party could be so loud, but then again we were also surrounded by a geriatric crowd this particular Wednesday night.
 All in all, we all enjoyed ourselves!  The food, the service, the company were all wonderful! Would definitely recommend this for a special date night, or any special occasion.I'm not gonna lie, I was expecting this place to be so much better than it was.  Saw so many reviews of the beet steak and while it was ok, would have been much better if it was served cold instead of hot.  The pork ragu gnocchi was delicious but that was the only thing I really liked. The trout skin was insanely salty but if you ate it without the skin there was no flavor at all.  The venison was good but I wouldn't go back to this place. Was just disappointed.wow - went to farm and fisherman last night and what a delight...met a girlfriend that I had not seen in forever and we both brought fabulous wine.  There was a line out the door waiting to get in so i was glad that i has made reservations.  I ended up standing out side for 15 minutes waiting for her to park...it would have been really nice if there were benches outside to sit on - just saying'.  The owner came out to get me and she was wonderful.  was seated at a table in the front and proceeded to get fantastic service by our waiter.  Here is why i would come back and you should get yourself here:
* really nice glass ware for wine and they brought another set when we decided we wanted to try the rose while we were drinking the white
* the waiter was monitoring how cold the wine was getting and put the bottle on the table very now and then - that is AWESOME and never happens
* we split 2 appetizers and a dinner.  we had the baby deer tounge salad (btw, of course you know that is a type of lettuce and not bambi's tongue)  - delicious, fresh, with a large smear of goats cheese underneath and the perfect drizzle of dressing...then the hirasama which was bluefish instead  - lightly seared then cubed, melt in your mouth goodness and for dinner the scallops with grits and perfectly broiled beets - each bite was better then the last.
* our waiter was around when we needed him, left us alone when we needed him too, joked around with us and let us stay and chat for 4 hours
* we closed with the cheese plate which came with toasted raisin bread - a perfect ending
* it was the type of menu that you had a hard time choosing what to get
* it was fresh, new tastes, types of grains and veggies that i had not heard of
* just so good, it was a 5 star night for us, we couldn't think of anything that would make it 4/5Service: wait staff attentive.
Atmosphere: Freezing!
Food: Cucumber soup with peaky toe crab - amazing! The best dish, by far of the night. Would return just for that - and only that. Husband had the fried green tomato - meh. For main course I had the wahoo - grilled. All you could taste was the burnt grill marks. Had absolutely no fish flavor whatsoever. So disappointing. I can still taste it, and it is not pleasing. And the bed of veggies/grain was just pedestrian, something you throw together for dinner at home. Husband had the scallops, nicely caramelized, sweet, but overdone inside to well done. And again, pedestrian side with the scallops. The sauce was nice, but had just a dab. Dessert menu was not interesting - did not try. Expected so much more.Elegant BYOB + delicious food = winning combination!  Really loved the bloody beet steak and the pork belly.  The dishes are very creative and the presentation is beautiful.  I really can't compare the quality or originality to anything i've ever had before.  The service was attentive and friendly.  I loved everything about it.  I can't wait until the next time i'm in Philly so I can eat here again.I think I visited this restaurant about 6 months to a year too late. Maybe too much hype? After receiving a crazy good review in Philadelphia Magazine and being mentioned in NYT, I thought for sure I would walk out after dinner here thinking it was one of the best meals, ever. Um...no. And the amazing service everyone spoke of in previous reviews, where was it?
I made reservations over 4 weeks ago and the only time I could get on a Friday night was 9:00pm. Ok, no problem, I understand they are super popular. So be warned unless you get lucky, it's really tough to get a good time on a weekend. I thought service was slow and poor in quality. Two examples - I finished the appetizer I shared with my friend and 10 minutes later asked if my server could clear my plate. She responded...."in a minute." The restaurant wasn't crowded, she didn't have anything in her hands and quite frankly, it's not a lot to ask for my plate to be taken away 10 minutes after I finish eating. Also my water glass was left empty twice. Once I can understand, but twice is just not acceptable. 
The food was good but not amazing. I took previous reviewers' suggestions and ordered the beet steak (burnt on the bottom) and the striped bass. The best dish was the squid ink spaghettoni...definitely one to order.
My friend and I split 2 appetizers and 1 entree and we walked out pretty full. We both agreed $35/each for the experience was ok but if we would have spent $70/each, it would have been way overpriced for the value.  I don't see myself going back to this restaurant which is crazy because I'm fiercely loyal if I have a good experience. Based on this experience (and them forgetting I asked to celebrate my friend's birthday too), I'm sad to say it's doubtful I will return.Creative, yet delicious. Well presented, attentively served. Consistently good after 5 dinners. Decided to order 1 course at a time, out of sequence, at last visit 7/28. i.e. chilled soup as a dessert...not an issue.Better this time than last....and last was great.
Thanks to Chef Josh for an amazing meal4 1/2.  The food is fantastic.  I was so excited to hear that Farm and Fisherman was moving into Paul's space.  I had heard great things from friends and headed to F & F on Wednesday.  I had the pancetta wrapped egg which was quite perfect.  I tried the spot pig for dinner based on the recommendations of friends - they did not steer me wrong.  It was cooked perfectly.
Dining companions tried and loved the beet appetizer and chicken.  Did not love the celery grits . . . .I think maybe that flavor combo seems a bit abnormal to someone from the south.  
Love eating locally!!This was definitely one of the best meals I've had in Philly. Everything we ate was fresh and delicious, service was flawless and the experience was all around pleasant. We had the bloody beet steak, makarel with ramps, and fried sweetbreads to start. The sweetbreads were the clear star of the show but everything else was amazing as well. My husband had the lamb entree and I had the scallops, we devoured both. 
You would think after a meal like that we wouldn't have room for dessert, but alas, we did. The waitress told us they had this amazing salted caramel pretzel ice cream type thing that ended up being out of this world!  And it's BYO? Are you kidding me?! I can't wait to get back to Farm and Fisherman. The decor is simple but elegant and if you get a window seat you are pretty lucky!Pros:
Food was excellent
Waiter handled getting his balls busted by dining mate quite well
Service was good
The Mackarel was unique. It has a charred top, with a raw underside. 
Cons:
Sat under a heating vent which was very uncomfortable. Switched with my GF who "loves heat" and she started complaining about the heat. 
Very expensive, expect to spend $60 a head with zero alcohol since this is a BYOB
Very cramped, you are right up on other people's tables (there appears to be like 10 tables total in this small space)
The coats were taken through the kitchen and touched surfaces in there.
The scallop dish contains ONE scallop. Christ, at least throw in two to make it outnumber the other fillers on the plate. Should instead rename it to a "Sweet potato bar with a scallop"
The portion sizes were slightly larger than other restaurants of this price range, but really, you aren't going to leave stuffed. 
Food Quality/Taste = 5 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 2 Stars
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 2 StarSpectacular meal. I love their philosophy of farm fresh, local ingredients, with pastured chicken and grass fed beef. But what really counts is how well they prepare the food - and they delivered. We had cobia, ramps and asparagus, stuffed quail, roast chicken, and pork loin and belly. Each thing was perfectly prepared and we practically licked each plate clean. The best was the quail, with a close second for the chicken. (The chicken was more surprising though, because who would've thunk that chicken could be that good?)
The service was very good, as our server knew the menu well and was able to expertly advise. She was also very friendly. However, she was not quite as attentive as I would have liked. At one point, we had finished our first bottle of wine (which she already knew was running low) and we had to finally call the hostess to open the wine because we hadn't seen our server for a while. I know that is a bit nit-picky, but I could see why others have knocked their service a bit. But, as I said before - they shined with their menu knowledge and advice, which is the most important thing for their type of menu. 
All in all, this place is a true winner and I cannot wait to return and see what they have on their super-fresh menu at different times of the year.We had an excellent dining experience at the Farm and the Fisherman. The food was delicious, well prepared, and well presented. The place is small and we had to wait outside until we could be seated. A bench is provided and the street life in the area is fun and entertaining. We were a party of three and everyone was happy with their meal.Firstly, I want to say that I was inspired to look up reviews for this outstanding restaurant because of the absolutely perfect meal I had there the other night. I was going to write about how Chef Lawler was able to transform simple, local ingredients into dishes that were greater than the sum of their parts. I was also interested in seeing how other diners had enjoyed the ever-changing menu at this month-old eatery. But after reading the review by Katherine G., I felt inspired to respond to her serious error.
To begin with, I understand being seated an hour after your reservation is annoying. But where were they going to seat you? It is a tiny space with the only chairs being the ones occupied by the diners. Where did you want to sit? on the floor? In the bathroom? The coat check? Be reasonable. It is a 30-seat byob...
Now on to your critique of the food.  Katherine, I don't know where you trained as a chef. Perhaps at Le COrdon Bleu in Paris, the CIA in NY, or maybe you just volunteered your services as a stagier in many of the three michelin stars across europe. And yes, as a diner and a customer, your opinion is important. But to assume that you are a better judge of of the doneness of confit bluefish (a fatty fish slowly poached in oil) or the proper temping of a steak (medium rare in fine dining restaurants generally has a  line of rare running down the center, hence "medium RARE") is foolish. How you would prefer your food and how it was meant to be cooked are two different things and should be noted in a scathing review of a new gem in a culinary backwater. Lastly, just to fully correct your inanity, I did not have the pork the other night (i had the chicken, which was superb) if spaetzle is listed as farmers cheese spaetzle, it would imply that the cheese is in the dough itself, not on top. The same way that if you order ricotta gnocchi in the future you should expect ricotta to be inside binding the dough, and not plopped on top.
I'm sorry for singling you out, but your review is an unwarranted mark upon a very strong addition to the rather bland philly dining scene. It is a shame that subtlety is often lost on the desipient.  To conclude, probably the best dining experience I've had in Philly, if not the East Coast.Another superb meal at, what I consider, one of the best restaurants, I have ever dined at. The culinary brilliance, created at this restaurant, in terms of the freshness, brilliant combination of ingredients, originality, and most importantly taste, is phenomenal. Brilliant, RandyThis is a winner!  Every dish that my girlfriend and I ordered was phenomenal.
First course: 
- Bloody Beet Steak.  The most flavorful, savory beet that I have ever had.  I'm a perennial fan of beets, but this giant slab of beet (where did they get such a monstrous beet?) had more complex flavor than I expected.  This is a must-have.
- Grilled Spanish Mackerel.  Perfectly cooked fish, tender and succulent.  The quince gives an unusual but interesting flavor.
Second course:
- Root Vegetable Trio.  The veggies were so creamy!  I only wished there were more of them!
- Sweet Potato Gnocchi.  Gnocchi as they should be -- soft and tender, but without sticking to your teeth.  
Third course:
- I forget what dish we had, but it was delicious.
The biggest drawback to this place is its small size, so you feel a bit cramped.  But the food is worth it.The food was delicious and the wait staff very attentive, knowledgable and accommodating. Cozy and intimate atmosphere. The only thing I will mention is it's tiny and tables are very close together so be ready for potential 'nosy neighbors' to listen in on your conversation as mine did throughout dinner.When we walked into The Farm and Fisherman out of the blustery winter night, my initial thought was we had just stumbled into a dining room of my grand-mother's friends. Promptly seated next to the window, beside the biggest decorative gourds I have ever seen, our waiter served our wine, and patiently gave us enough time to peruse the exotic sounding menu. (During the half-hour or so that this process took, the crowd began to drastically chance to more 20, 30, and 40-somethings.) 
Once settled on how to order, we sat back and enjoyed the pleasantly paced arrival of our food. 
The starter bread and butter WAS delicious, as mentioned in other reviews here. 
First course: The beet salad was kind of gnarly to look at (the yogurt sauce mixed with the beet juice really does look like blood smeared everywhere) but delicious, and the kampachi (might be getting the name wrong, it was some kind of fish first course) was light, and citrusy. 
Second course: the strozapetti (again, might be getting the name wrong) was a nice, light pasta dish, and my companion enjoyed the pork dish.
Entrees: The hanger steak received average feedback, where as my chicken was very good, despite the fact that it was served in a pile of indiscernible ingredients. (That was the one constant of this place, I felt like I was continuously eating things even though I had no idea what they were.) 
Dessert: We split a hazlenut-crunchy-tiramisu-like thing, which was fabulous. 
Even though farm-to-table is not really my preferred fare, The Farm and Fisherman did a wonderful job.Been through 3 menu changes and have loved everything ive orders. Good deal for the ammount of food youre served, paired with the excellent front of house staff truely creates a wonderful experience. Been 10+ times and always excited to return. Nothing beats the quiet rustic feel of the dining room.We went to the New Farm and the Fisherman last night for dinner. This is the chef that cooked at Blue Hill Farm in NY - which we enjoyed. He's originally from near Philly and his wife (who manages the house - and her two twin sons!) is from South Jersey. We considered ourselves lucky to get a reservation (8pm was earliest) as two major reviews gave it accolades.
The place is small - 28 chairs and the room is hard but there were mostly tables of two last night so noise was less than it could be.
To summarize upfront we were both under whelmed by the meal - based on the advance reviews. Now some more details.
The menu is presented as three course (appetizer, First Manin, 2nd Main .. will mention dessert later). 9oh yes, it is a BYOB and the stemware was great). Each course had 4 choices. And the menu is printed daily. There is not a lot of variety in each course.
Appetizer. We shared the Rare Beet Steak - which is the chef's signature dish - and it was delicious. ($10.00). Not big but tasty. At this point we were given hot Parker House rolls. (I had three over the course of the evening to sop up all sauces.) I don't remember the other 3 appetizers but all were $10 and most folks ordered the Beet.
First Main - Here was a choice of Chicken Livers (we don't eat those) a vegetable dish, Stuffed quail (which I read was the weak point of the menu) and warm smoked trout on a puree of green pea. We chose the latter and shared it. All were $12 or $13.. Small portions - on a big plate. Had some kind of herbs on it but it was salty. We decided it was almost boring.
Second Main - Choice was a free range chicken breast - we'd order that if we went back - only even partially substantial portion, lamb shoulder - with baby roasted potatoes and peas in a pea puree, Pork tenderloin w/ pork belly and potatoes, and something else (I forget).. I ordered the Lamb and it was two small slices which were fatty and more pea puree (similar to the smoked trout sauce) and it was salty. And I LOVE salt. This was too salty for me. She had the Prk and the small tenderloin (2 ounces?) was tasty but the belly was - of course - half fat, which you can't eat. At this point, thanks to the three rolls I was satisfied. Oh yes, the Second Mains were $27 to $29.
They don't push desserts here. They had only 2 (a panacotta and caramel something. I saw no one ordering dessert. Service was friendly and professional. Three servers for the 28 people.  The bill for two shared courses and two separate "entrees" was $78. before tax and tip.
We had high hopes of repeating the Blue Hill Farm experience but this didn't do it for us. I think we won't be "rushing" back. It was good, mind you, but not enough variety of choices and LARGE plates with small portions (that lacked intense flavors)The small restaurant is attractive and light, a huge window looking out on Pine Street.  The menu is small and varied, offering appetizers, smaller plates, and main dishes.  We loved the delicate blue fish, barely poached in olive oil, and the sea scallops (their sweet richness nicely playing off the salty guanciale).  The steak dish we ordered was excellent, exactly medium rare, the caramelized exterior accentuating the richness of the flavorful beef.  Since The Pig ranks first in our pantheon of tasty animals, we had to order the restaurant's ode to pork:  a plate of various parts of the pig (a rib, some belly, a little bit of snout, and a larger piece of pork shoulder).  Most parts were very good except for the badly cut shoulder piece that was almost all fat.  The two deserts were both lovely, displaying a light touch and fine ingredients.
Service is not only very professional but also accommodating, friendly, and efficient  - if only we would encounter such exemplary service more often.  
So why four stars (actually 4.5) and not five?  Because in a restaurant whose website boasts of "one of the nation's brightest rising star chefs" and "his extraordinary work", expectations are elevated and I have a couple small complaints:  The first one is the temperature of the elegant plates should be much hotter because the many small things on them turn lukewarm and even cold very fast (as did our scallops and the steak).  Secondly, while I am no fan of gargantuan portions, the amount of food served could be a bit more generous.Wasn't sure what to expect- the menu could be quirky because of choosing in-season ingredients but everything was amazing!  Marie, our server, was fun and extremely informative. The food was all perfectly cooked. We need to come back!This place has a spectacular reputation, but we were underwhelmed.  Many aspects of the meal were just not that good.
Food...
Tasty little brioche type bread was nice but not enough.  It looked comically tiny on the plate and made me think of rationing.
Parsnip soup was good and would be eaten again.  Same for the winter salad...though we could have used some bread.  Without it, you can't get the last bit of the soup or the last of the salad's pistachio puree.  It would've also looked good  next to the salad, which comes oddly plated, way off to the side of the dish.  
Next course took way too long to come. When it did, the fish was good for 4/5 of the dish.  But that last 20% was not cooked enough.  It was so undercooked as to be red and mushy and impossible to cut with my knife, so I left it.  The crispy top of the fish was good and so were the accompanying veggies, but that last uncooked bit left me disappointed. The scallops on the other hand were cooked well...but they were enormous.  The initial taste was satisfying, but the thickness and scale of the scallop overly accentuated its texture and composition, making a bight feel giant and squishy. 
Setting...
It was too cozy.  Take out a table or two... We were fine when we just had neighbors on one side, but when the table on the other side filled, conversing became frustrating.  We couldn't compete with the guy next to us.  Feeling boxed in an unable to talk makes it hard to enjoy a meal.  It also makes the long wait for a second course feel even longer.  
We skipped dessert.
If the whole meal had been as good as the soup and salad, we'd have left happier, but  not raving.We just came from another incredible dinner at F& F, this time for my husband's birthday. Every meal we have had here as been a treat. I dont usually write reviews but when I saw that there were not consistent 5's for this restaurant, I had to write. The menu is always reflective of the season nd the dishes offered are inventive, polished and delicious. Often these are dishes that I would not have expected but that is part of the appeal. They all work wonderfully. Tonight I had smoked trout with an incredible dressing and peanut potatoes. My husband had roasted asparagus followed by soft shell crab and a wonderful shrimp dish. My entree was big eye tuna on an oxtail sauce. My descriptions do not do the meal justice. Lets just say that each mouthful was a treat and there was not a morsel left onthe plate. The bread is like a mini-popover.
We love that it is byo so we can bring a wine that we want without spending a fortune. The atmosphere is philly byo and we think its is just right.The food was tasty and the ambience romantic. My girlfriend and I appreciated the white tablecloths and cozy interior.
In fact, the service here seemed to be the only downfall. The restaurant's intimacy begs for discrete, efficient and friendly service. ("Friendly service" should a redundant term.) However, at the F&F, our waitress gave the impression that - having scored a reservation - us patrons should be made to tolerate her condescending demeanor. (Perhaps it was the mediocre wine we brought? I'm sorry if its screw top offended your sophisticated taste!) Maybe she was trying to act "refined," but it came off as, in a word, unfriendly. 
In stark contrast, the other waitress's doting attitude to the neighboring table was pretty annoying. ("I don't think I've ever seen a couple so in loooove," is something she actually exclaimed at one point.) 
Service halfway between these two extremes would've been perfect!The menu changes frequently so I'm not sure how helpful the specifics will be, but  Farm and the Fisherman felt like many other BYOBs in the city. I guess its a testament to the fantastic dining options in Philly, however, nothing felt new about the restaurant. As I glanced over the menu I was sad to note that there was nothing that really stood out to me. 
   That being said, minus our sad dessert, everything we tasted was made quite well. The bloody beet steak app (which seems to be a menu stalwart) was awesome. A strangely warm and incredibly delicious beet app which I can't recommend enough. Our crab app (not on menu) was meh and my main fish course (also been replaced) was perfectly cooked, but lacked seasoning. I love the fact that the menu didn't make me feel like I should run out and go on a liquid detox diet (everything was lightly prepared and flavorful), but a few things (i.e. the fish) could have really used some salt..
  As for the dessert. Lets hope the yogurt panna cotta (weird) was replaced. Even our waiter noted that we barely took a bite out of this strange concoction, and was kind enough to deduct it from the bill. At any rate, a tasty BYOB in the city, but not amazing by any means..my mom and I went for dinner on a Tuesday night, and it was super delicious. the service was good, and everything we had was fresh and amazing. portions are good, not too big but not too small. i had fish and practically licked my plate clean. 
also- love that it's byob.The best meal of a 4 day gastronomic visit to Philly was our late dinner here at Farm and Seafood. The decor and physical amenities are spartan, and the costs saved have clearly gone into the ingredients' freshness and quality. The result is a short, 3 course menu where everything our table ordered (about half the menu) was excellent, dessert included.Lovely meal but it was a little bit too fussy, to be honest, and though I love haute cuisine, the ambiance just didn't really suit....Maybe it was just that we were seated next to an awkward, giant, air conditioning unit that was next to the window. i've had better meals at Farm & Fisherman but after the last one, despite my generally high regard for the place, I won't be rushing to go back any time soon.BYO, check. But the waitress was kind of unattentive because most of the time our glasses were not filled. Either they were short on staff or she just provided poor service. Had the bloody beet steak and it was yummy. I somehow had the expectation that it was a combo of beets and beef though..but still good. Had the handmade fettuccine with crab which was so fresh. Could definitely taste that it's handmade. 
The roasted lemon sole was good. Not too spectacular but the greens were unconventional (for me at least). Regardless, it was good but perhaps not too memorable.
Panna Cotta was less dense than expected. Had a more tofu texture and consistency.Everything about the meal was wonderful. The poached egg sandwich beggars description, but get it. Venison was one of the best meat dishes I've had in years and the roasted carrots were a revelation. Service was perfect with the waiter bringing a decanter for the wine because he thought it was too good not to have it. Philadelphia is blessed with so many young, great chefs. This is one of the best.Great little restaurant. Not a lot of table space, but regardless, the atmosphere is incredibly intimate, so I actually really liked how small it was. The bloody beef steak was the most memorable thing I ordered. The dish is composed in such a way that even if you don't like beets, you'll still enjoy this appetizer. The beet taste is not overwhelming, and the yogurt provides a great balance. I also ordered the duck breast, which was fine. Cooked well, skin was ok. I prefer my duck with a really crispy skin. I cant recall what my duck came with, but whatever it did, it was better than the duck. Very savory and I basically licked it off my plate. I pretty much only ate, the duck cause it was the supposed to be the star of my dish (which it wasn't). Wine would have been really nice to go with dinner, but they don't serve alcoholic beverages here. However, it is byob. So I would recommend bringing a bottle if you can. 
Our waitress was very thoughtful and knowlegable. One of our friends has a gluten allergy, and our waitress was able to make the appropriate recommendations. 
The reason why I give this place four stars rather than five, despite the great service, appropriately priced food, and overall positive experience, is because it wasn't very memorable. 
But, as I already mentioned, food is good, price is right for the quality, ambience is excellent, service is top notch.What a fantastic experience!  Went for our wedding anniversary, and from the minute we walked in to the minute we left, everything was perfectly executed.  Great service, wonderful food, excellent prices (for what you get!) and cute decor.  Love, love, love this place and will definitely be back!