Fantastic brunch last weekend. Love the drink menu and house wine selection of "Good" "Better" and "Best".
We ordered a ton of food and it was all fantastic. The octopus, beef tartare, croque madame were all amazing.This place is perfect.   The food, the cocktails, the service, the ambiance...everything. 
Came here on a whim with a friend visiting from out of town.   We couldn't stop talking about the place after we left.   They pride themselves on classic cocktails (as they should).  I will definitely be going back.Grilled octopus and mushroom croquettes were a hit. Washed it down with some good beer on tap.Great drinks, tasty food, comfy ambience, nice staff. Sat at the bar. Ordered the whole trout and my fiancé had the burger. Very good. I had the french 75 and he had the Gimlet. The restaurant itself was very cozy and chic. Had a lovely time!This place has the BEST cheese board I've ever had. The cheeses are great, obviously, but the cheese board shines because of the accompaniments. The board comes with bread, fruit, honey, and some kind of sweet nutty spread. It is a perfect meal, giving you some salty and sweet and stinky. It's excellent. 
The other food here is also great. They have specials everyday and they always are changing. The wine list is excellent. Service is decent. Nothing special. 
I had an amazing creme brûlée once here, too. I wish it was permanently available.Great atmosphere. Small space and very cozy. Had the escargot appetizer. Wow!  The sauce was addictingly good!!The duck breast entree was excellent. I recommend the house wine which is very good.Wonderful little French joint. Service was wonderful. Food was great. A tartine lagged a bit from the ham, but the bread itself was very good. Duck confit was very crispy and balanced the texture just right.I really wanted to like The Good King. French dishes, reasonable prices, good selections of wine and beer, and proximity to my home all looked great on paper. Unfortunately, the reality was less appealing. Compared to Chick's, which previously occupied this space, the ambience is brighter and more convivial. The booths are cosy, compared to open tables, and the communal table looks to be a good idea. The "background" music is loud, but it was possible for my spouse and me to carry on a conversation without shouting. The choice of music shows this restaurant to be a little less musically-challenged than most others in Philadelphia. 
There were a few French songs, which fits the menu, and they did mix it up a bit. However, too many 60s and 70s pop tunes, Motown, and Funk, etc. Given the image that I thought they are trying to project, it could have been done better.
Our waitperson started out very friendly. When we asked for no ice in our tap water, that's what she brought us. We ordered escargot, brussesl sprouts, tuna tartar, and moules frites, intending to share all the dishes. My partner ordered a glass of wine and I had a beer. The wine came in a small glass, and while the amount was fine, they should go the extra mile and use larger crystal glasses, which still can be had cheaply, but give a much nicer experience. The wine was good quality for the price, and the beer, which I hadn't tasted before, was very good. The escargot tasted fine, although they were served shelled. I've had escargot several times, in France (but seldom in the US) and they were always served in the shell. The brussels sprouts were disappointing. I guess we were hoping for the crispy type of preparation that is served at Valanni, but the Kings' sprouts were soft and doused with a very garlicky sauce. The sprouts themselves had little taste. The tuna tartar, was served chopped up in a mayonnaise-type sauce (aioli?). I didn't mind it, but my partner was turned-off after the first bite. the mussels and fries were served in the same bowl, swimming in a spicy tomato sauce. The sauce was actually pretty good, but I don't think that I've had moules frites before with the mussels and fries in the same bowl, soaking in the same sauce, and I didn't particularly like this presentation. The dish was also described as containing sausage, and there were a few tiny fragments of meat that were tasty, but most notable for their scarcity. The mussels themselves were OK.
Our waitperson came over shortly after the escargot and brussels sprouts had been set down on the table, and asked how the food was. My partner replied that she hadn't had a chance to taste anything. I wonder if our server took this comment amiss, because I thought that her manner cooled a bit after that. I find that waitstaff in most Philadelphia restaurants are intrusive, asking if everything is OK, when you haven't even had a bite  of food, or worse, when your mouth is full with the first bite.   So, our waitperson at The Good King, rather than being outside the norm, was a reminder of how bad the norm has become.
Due to the ambience, the good beer, the reasonable prices, and proximity to home, I may go back for drinks and a burger.  However, I don't think that my spouse would join me.Just went to this place for the first time the other day. Overall, the food was good.
I shared the chick peas, Brussels sprouts, and steak tartare with a friend as a snack.
The steak tartare was really good. The baguette that came with it could have been slightly thinner as they were almost overwhelming crunchy.
The Brussels sprout yogurt sauce was great, as were the Brussels sprouts. Boarder line too salty.
The chick peas tasted good but were so dry. 
Great environment, I'll be backAte here for the first time this week and it was excellent. Very cozy place with friendly staff. Ordered the steak frites and it was the best steak I have had in a very long time; the caramelized onions were delish. Looking forward to another visit asap.Was there Saturday night, very disappointed. We used to stop by here a lot last year and it was a local gem, but the menu changed, unfortunately. 
1. found out that they took the Parmesan truffle fries off the menu-- that was what we came back for! 
2. Steak tartare was not good: steak did not taste fresh and had a sauce which was kind of sour and did not compliment the tartare, and fries were bad, they weren't hot or crispy, kind of dry. I was hoping that the fries would be crispy and hot to add a contrast in texture to the tartare, but nope.
3. Duck confit was a bit dry, nothing special. 
Overall, we will not be going back. It was a waste of money and Saturday night.We loved this place!  The bartender was very attentive and knowledgable on  all of the cocktails which were excellent.  My fiancé had the frog legs and I had the cheese plate which were very good.  We will be back!Excellent! From cocktails thru meat board, brussel sprouts, lapin, chocolate pot de creme and coffee! We enjoyed every morsel. Service was great as well. We even enjoyed the music. We'll certainly be back.....soon.We were in Paris visiting my brother's family over Christmas and we wanted to recapture the French bistro experience. I went to Yelp! and searched and found the Good King Tavern. 
First we had a good omen when I was able to get a parking space on 7th Street almost in front of The Good King Tavern. There is also a pay lot on 7th also. The restaurant is cozy with a long bar to the left as you enter, and booths to the right along the window. There are more tables in the back of the restaurant. I would make a reservation as on this Sunday night by 7:30 they were almost full. I am sure on Friday and Saturday nights there are waits. We sat in a booth towards the back. The place is nice, with wooden floors and a tin ceiling. It feels welcoming. We had the following dishes:
OCTOPUS - SPICY CHILI MARINADE, BABY ARUGULA - This was delicious, the octopus was extremely tender and the salad dressing was very good.
DUCK CONFIT - FINGERLINGS, FRISÉE, AÏOLI - The duck fell off the bones and had a great flavor. This was a really good dish.
STEAK FRITES - FRENCH CUT FLANK STEAK, CARMELIZED ONIONS, HOTEL BUTTER - The way the steak was prepared gave this dish a lot of flavor and the meat was tender. The fries were fantastic.
MORTEAU SAUSAGE - HOUSE MADE SMOKED SAUSAGE, POTATO GRATIN, BABY ARUGULA - This was a hearty dish and filling. The potato gratin was amazing.
CHOCOLATE POT DE CRÈME - BUTTERSCOTCH, HAZELNUT BRITTLE - This had a really nice chocolate taste but was pretty rich. A good dessert for sharing. Not overly sweet.
BREAD PUDDING - BRIOCHE, ALMONDS,  CHOCOLATE, CRANBERRIES, CREME ANGLAISE, LAVENDER ICE CREAM - This was a great dessert and we loved this. Everything went together well. The Lavender Ice Cream was incredible.
The Good King Tavern has a pretty wide wine list and specials for bottles and glasses. They have some nice beers available also. We had coffee for dessert and they served it in a French press which I love.
I was very impressed with service at The Good King Tavern. Everyone was very attentive and pleasant. The manager checked in on us and folded my daughter's napkin when she used the bathroom. I also thought the prices were very reasonable, especially considering the quality of food. The Duck Confit and the Steak Frites were $15.00 each. We really liked The Good King Tavern and we will be back soon!Everything was great.  Grilled octopus, socca, deviled eggs, fava beans and mushrooms!! Fantastic!!  One more thing... The service was excellent - knowledgable, attentive, friendly, efficient!My go-to neighborhood joint. Love the atmosphere, which is cozy bistro/bar. A good choice of cocktails. An inspired menu. Take one star off for surly bartenders, poor wine by the glass selection (in taste not in quantity) and for (alas) frequently struggling food execution. Still, hits the spot.Pros:  Cozy atmosphere, good music, fast and friendly service, solid drink selection.
Cons:  The burger (which I had heard was one of the best in philly) was incredibly salty.. like coated in salt.  It's too bad because the bun was good and the two patties were cooked perfectly.  The fries were really good with the herb aioli but were also salty.. so with the salt encrusted burger, it was too much.
3.1 starsI wanted to like this place, and I probably would have if everything wasn't excessively salted. We ordered two appetizers and two entrees, and each was a salt bomb. It would be nice, as well, if the pichet of house wine was 1/2 liter instead of the same size as a bottle.We had a really good time at the tavern, sat by the bar and the bartender is something to be seen, he offered some options to my picky cravings and I sure recommend trying the gigantic oysters that were superb, the place is clean and the general manager is always open to suggestions, think of this cozy place as a must in Philly.The service was phenomenal, as the waiter(s) were attentive in my food and drink needs.  I sat outside on a recent Saturday as a party of 3, and ordered a variety of light eats off the menu.  The octopus was cooked to perfection, though I would have liked some additions to the salad to make the arugula more flavorful.  The english pea croquettes were a delightful surprise.  The escargot was also well rounded, as it was served with a nice toasted bread.  My friends shared the duck confit and a fish off their long specials menu, and we ate such much there was no room for dessert. I plan to frequent this neighborhood gem often, hidden just off of South St.  Next time though, I would plan on trying their dessert menu!After three amazing visits, I felt the need to make sure others know how good this place is so it survives and does well.  I've had dinner at the bar, and dinner with family and friends at tables. Service at the bar is friendly, fun and not in your face. Service at the tables, the same - eager to make sure you are taken care of, but each time we never felt rushed. Actually, the exact opposite on our last visit as we sat enjoying coffee after our deserts chatting for at least 30 minutes. It wasn't till the waiter brought our check that we realized we should go.
For me, great atmosphere goes a long way and this small, cozy space hits all the marks. A fun bar area, booths, and a communal table setting as well. All the better to share your food experience with those around you. The menu additions on the chalk broad have been amazing each time we go, but the menu staples are not to be missed. The mushroom croquets melt in your mouth and the pickled mushrooms with them were a great pairing.  The spicy octopus with salad was light, fresh and grilled to perfection.  The somewhat non-traditional french onion soup, no crock and mound of cheese and bread, was nice and thick with onions and had a sweet yet rich flavor that was great on a cold winter's night.  Dinners have ranged from good (the burger) to oh my god amazing (the menu addition skate wing with saffron sauce.)  My dining companions all cleared their plates of the sausage, and the stake frites. 
This place is a gem and wonderful addition to our neighborhood. I hope to become a regular as prices are moderate and the food amazing. Getting a reservation might be common place soon though as I have been seeing it fill up every time I've been there, from a Thursday night to Sunday so far.Now living in Las Vegas, this spot is everything I miss about the Philadelphia restaurant scene. 
With easy parking close by on south street, we were parking and at the corner restaurant door in minutes. It has that beautiful Bella Vista feel with rich wood and painted tin but complimented by a clean fresh look.  
We sat as a party of 6 but were 'that group' that kept having people arrive. By the end, we had about 11 people and staff was so helpful and accommodating- The more, the merrier attitude! Loved our server! 
Vegans, Vegetarians, Foodies, Bartenders and a Chef were all at our table and everyone was not only pleased with what they ordered, they were excited! 
Beautiful French white wines, perfectly poured manhattans and sazeracs & unique beers... We were off to a good start! I devoured the amazing assortment of cheeses while others raved over the charcuterie plate. I'm still dreaming about the mushroom croquettes and Brussels!  I didn't hear a peep from my friends eating the sausage and the duck confit so that's a good sign! 
At the end, we all walked out announcing, "Well, we found our new go-to spot!"Cannot speak on anything else other than the Duck Confit. Absolutely delicous and for a great price. Cute atmosphere, makes for a wonderful date night.I love this place, from the delicious cocktails, food to their very friendly staff. I like that they have "cocktails of the day" it makes you want to go back just to see what they're offering. I highly recommend the burger, mushroom croquet and meat board. They also have a GREAT brunch!! I love the atmosphere and the music is always on point. I'll defiantly be back.On a recommendation, I stopped in for sardinettes (cornmeal crusted sardines) and a glass of rosé. It was the perfect snack and a great first impression. I really liked the service, the music, the vibe in general. I'll be back soon for lunch or dinner and next time I'll bring a friend.I love the food at tgk and the cocktails are lovely. Sitting at the bar the atmosphere is cozy and exciting in a way so many other bars/restaurants in Philadelphia lack. Love the blue paint and low light. My only issue is the service. Awkward, passive aggressive almost resentful seeming service nearly all the time. I've been in the service industry. I know customers can feel like the 9th ring of hell sometimes but that's just par for the course. It's in poor form to be so openly disdainful.I REALLY needed a night out with my husband, a real date night since we haven't had the time or money to do so in....forever, it seems. I randomly chose The Good King Tavern and made an early Sunday reservation for the two of us - which turned out to be a good decision. When we arrived, the hostess had to turn away a couple who didn't have a reservation because they were booked!
We were a bit early but thankfully were seated immediately within their small but lovely interior. Our super friendly and personable server quickly described their menu and that day's specials, and we started with a bottle of their house chardonnay. The first bottle she brought had a piece of cork still in it, which she noticed and immediately replaced with another (yay customer service!). Wine was all that I needed after a stressful weekend at work, but my husband was STARVING. We shared the artichoke lentil plate sauteed in brown butter, which was delicious, but the brussels sprouts with hazelnuts and goat cheese was even better (and now I know why there are so many pics of it on Yelp). Next came the socca board with chickpea pancake, fantastic rustic ratatouille, and salad. By then, I was picking at our food completely stuffed...but we had ordered their housemade morteau sausage with potato gratin and topped with baby arugula, and although it was absolutely delicious with flavors of smoked meat, salty cheese, tender potato and zesty greens, we couldn't finish and brought the remains home. Dessert will happen another time - because with food and service this good, and reasonable drinks prices, we will definitely return to try out the rest of their menu!I've dined here a few times years ago before the restaurant changed hands and how happy I am that it did.  I didn't bother making a reservation anywhere this valentine's day but took a chance and came here with the wife.  We were able to secure a seat at the bar but they offered us table service as well when we arrived.  They kept the full menu instead of a price fix but added some V-day specials.  We ordered solely off the specials menu, consisting of duck hearts and pomegranate, wagyu beef tongue, and beef short rib.  We were highly impressed by everything, especially the short rib, which was fall off the bone and melted in your mouth. The beef tongue was delicate and melted away with just the pressure of your fork.  We kept it relatively short and sweet before calling it a night.  It's always nice to find another convienant spot that is low key but puts out great food.  Their beer selection was well rounded to boot and the service was really friendly.  I am anxious to return and try some of the dishes on the regular menu.Very calm place. Sophisticated crowd, good drinks. Didn't have any food so I can speak on that but the music was great. Lots of r&b and hip hop from the early 90's.This place might just have the best Burger in Philadelphia. I eat a lot of burgers and this might be it. They also have a descent beer list. Atmosphere is nice & cozy. Last night was my first time here and I can not wait to go back and have another burger!Great food. Terrific service. Our waitress was top-notch! Definitely visiting again.Great food, fantastic atmosphere, reasonable service. The restaurant is one of the nicer ones on South Street and the specials were fantastic.Amazing brunch burger!!! Love the atmosphere...and oh yea, the chocolate cake :)Love this spot! Cozy, warm and neighborhoody. Super reasonable prices. Nice dining room. Food was nice all around with the exception of the mussels which were disappointing. Will definitely return.Came here last month for my 1 yr anniversary. Cocktails were lovely and overall the food was pretty good. Highlight of the evening was the scallop crudo. Low point would have to be the oysters- while the oysters were in and of themselves quite tasty (fresh and sweet), they weren't opened properly so they were stuck to the shell and included fragments of shell. 
The space is quite small and cramped, and service was slow considering there weren't many other diners present. My advice - come for a few leisurely snacks and cocktails, but skip the oysters.Quiet brunch tucked away on South Street.
Same game, different city. Sunday brunch is such a young America tradition that waits are inevitable in any city you're visiting. Fortunately enough, The Good King Tavern had no wait when we called ahead, and when we arrived 10 minutes later, we were immediately seated. Throughout the meal I thought there must be something wrong with this place, but if there is, it's still a mystery to me.
Wood is the central theme to the interior design, and their menu was really well set up. I went for the tomato pork ragout, and my friend got the sausage gravy and biscuits. Our meals were served pretty promptly and while portions were a little smaller than expected, presentation was spot on. The flavors were also a treat. My ragout wasn't overly salty and had a very home-cooked feel to it. The softboiled egg was cooked to perfection and I loved how the yolk spilled over everything. My friend's meal was also fairly small but it wasn't too oily and fatty, which is common with biscuits and gravy traditionally.
We both wanted more food after finishing our entrees and decided to split a pecan waffle. If I had ordered the waffles as my main, I would've been a little disappointed, but the three small waffle pieces made for a great finish to our meal. The dough had strong hints of citrus and paired really well with the maple syrup and strawberry cream cheese / yogurt topping. The candied pecans added the extra crunch that made the dessert pop.
Service was great, as our server was very knowledgable, attentive, and courteous, and we never felt neglected. I'd definitely come back!I stumbled upon GKT last night on a date and it was a good thing!  I hadn't heard of the place but at first glance, it was warm and cozy.  I ordered the cauliflower gratin to start.  Um, can I have this in my life every single day?  To me, it was the vegetarian answer to mac and cheese - the perfect cheese sauce over cauliflower pieces, topped with crunchy breadcrumbs.  Amazing.  For my entree, I had the striped bass.  The bass was cooked perfectly in a muscles ju with a warm nicoise of thick sliced fingerling potatoes, greens, olives, and green beans.  I cleared my plate!  Dessert was bread pudding with homemade lavender icecream.  The bread pudding could've been warmer, but it was still delicious.  
I can't wait to come back.  This is a must try!We went as a group of 6 and made a reservation earlier in the day via Yelp. It was crowded for a Wednesday night but our table was ready for the time we specified. Overall, the service was great. The food came out fairly quickly and the house wine was reasonably priced. I ordered the Duck Confit (one of their signature dishes) and was thoroughly satisfied.Excellent food , cocktails atmosphere and service   Very cozy. Recommend for a date or girls nightSo myself and a couple of friends were going to go to Nomad Pizza last night but it was Monday and they are closed on Mondays (I guess chefs need to take a break once and a while right?). It was cold and we needed somewhere else to go. 
"Oh" my friend said, "Look, some people came out of Chick's". 
"But Chicks is closed"
"What is that place? There is no sign or anything..."
So , we went in. We found a very cozy tavern type place and we sat down at a booth. Soon enough a pleasant server came over and gave us some menus and told us they had just opened about a month ago. 
There was no name on the menu either, but at the bottom was the name of the chef : Paul Lyons. I recognized the name, googled it and remembered that he was the chef at Barbuzzo. 
"Oh, this may be pretty good" said I.
I was correct. 
The food was quite impressive. It is kind of a Mediterranean thing with French influences. We had a bunch of plates (all appetizer sized) : 
Socca : A+, the bread things were amazing and the Ratatouille (ahh, so that's what it is) was awesome!
Brussel Sprouts : Also quite good. The preperation is less burned than most and one would think that would be a bad thing but this worked. This plate I will order many more times in the future.
Octopus : This was a great dish, made even better by the Skate Balls (the best thing I ate all night.. more please!)
Eggplant : Tasty ... I didn't have much of this since my friends shared it till it was gone
Stuffed Bell Pepper : My friend loved that this was only $8.. Apparently a very good deal.  I liked it, but not as much as the other plates
French Dip  : This was more of a full entree size and it was a bit of a let down after all of the other plates. It wasn't bad at all but it wasn't special in any way except the Ciabatta bread. Otherwise it was kind of cheezesteak like.
For dessert I got this amazing chocolate thing. I forget the name but it was not unlike the thing you desire at barbuzzo (I forget that name too).
Overall it was quite good. The service was really friendly but a bit slow. To be fair, the place was packed.
Go here.Came here on a Sunday night and they were offering 1/2 price wine bottles.  We had a really good unfiltered riesling (unfortunately I forgot the name!)To start, we had the socca, pea croquettes, and the escargot.  All were excellent, the escargot had a killer pesto-y sauce and the pea croquettes and a really wonderful flavor.  Grilled artichokes came compliments of the house and this was a fun dish to share.
For entrees, my husband got the morteau sausage.  These were very good and the sausage tasted so fresh (made in house)!  The salad nicoise was very light and refreshing.  
For the amount of food and the quality of the food, the price is fantastic.  The wait staff were very friendly and helpful with the menu.  Definitely will be coming back to try some of the cocktails and other menu items.When you walk in, it smells like butter. Worth 5 stars right there!! But really, eat and drink here beucase you will leave happy and satisfied. Octopus is awesome, perfectly spicy and tender. Great atmosphere and wonderful staff. You won't be disappointed!Had been to TGK a bunch of times for drinks  - but had dinner for the first time last night.  Terrific cozy ambience, very friendly servers, excellent food and great drinks.  and the kids were happy.
Monkfish skewers were amazing as were the moules frites, croque monsieur and sausage.  Burger was ok.
all in all - just a great neighbourhood place.  definitely going back soon.- TIP:  The fries may be the best thing on the menu.  And that's saying a lot because it's a great, focused menu.
- CON:  Food is better on some days than others.  
- BOTTOM LINE:  For an average of ~$15/entree, it's hard to beat the quality of the simple, yet inspired food at this French neighborhood bar.  Paired with a solid bar, you can enjoy both short & long stays here -- a great first date spot.I'm in the neighborhood and like that good king is there as an alternative to the typical loud and crowded south street scene. I'd classify it as somewhat of an upscale neighborhood bar/restaurant,  very similar to Southwark. Their cocktails and beers are great. I've only had their bar fare but enjoyed it.Loved this place! From the quirky menu items, to the EXCELLENT service - a dinner to remember!Stopped in for a quick bite and drink during lunch time. Attentive service and wasn't that busy. Had a couple of bumps: French onion soup was a bit salty. Escargot was great. I had a drink as well, which I am pretty picky about, I found the corpse reviver a little heavy handed on the vermouth. Was more red than a warm copper, maybe the calvados became overpowered, could use fine tuning. I'm curious to come back and try again for the service.Hate to give this place a bad review because the cocktails & food were tasty and the service was great. A few days after we ate there I was going through my receipts and saw we were overcharged $40 for a steak that was on the specials board. I emailed the restaurant twice with no response, it's very disappointing to not get a response from the management for a mistake in their system.While I heartily agree with what has been said about the service (good), food (excellent) and drinks (good), I'll give Good King only 4 stars today.
It is a wonderful 2nd act to (a favorite) Chick's and I'm glad we in the neighborhood have a place to ourselves.  Almost everything here is perfect. I like the blend of modern & mid-century cocktails and menu items. 
The 2 items I'd suggest improve are (1) turn the music down - it is too loud for dining - ok for a bar (I guess); and (2) instruct your wait staff to not interrupt diners when they see them talking. The interruption is a pet peeve of mine - especially if the waiter/tress is simply asking if everything is OK.  Polish that and lower the music or play mid-century lounge music and I'll give it the 5 stars it (really) deserves.
Welcome to the neighborhood to this savvy owner and her team.  I have a feeling this gal will be ruling the restaurant biz in the City soon ...
DD@PhilaThe food here was excellent.  It's simple and delicious.  We shared the cheese board, Flank steak and  the burger.  Very good comfort food and quite affordable.  The servers carry themselves like four star waiters and dress like hipsters, it's a unique experience.  Nice selection of wines too.Went here with my husband and my in-laws. The food were incredible!!!!!!! Definitely recommend the meat board. I had the house made falafel, which was great, but the TGK burger my husband ordered was to die for! Portion was surprisingly big. It's a little bit on the loud side in there but not enough for me to take away any star. Give this place a try and you won't be disappointed!!!Up there as a best French restaurant in philly. Steak was incredibly tasty, and the dessert was out of this world.POT DE CREME; order it. die happy. 
Finally could have a drink this time and managed to have an old fashioned and it was a very solid full flavored cocktail. 
Grilled octopus, eggplant 3 ways, cheese board to lose your mind to with salty savory goodness, frites, mussels in a nice light red sauce, don't forget to end with the pot de creme; from the person who doesn't order or really eat desserts, it is a must.I had visited Good King Tavern a while ago for drinks and snacks, so I as eager to make a trip back for a proper meal. We were in a grazing mood, so we stuck to their openers and small places. The specials board was calling to us, and the duck hearts in particular were quit delicious, but the highlight was the grilled artichoke off of their regular menu. The accompanying smoked shallot aioli was the kind of sauce that you want to slather every sandwich in and maybe use as a face cream or something. Heaven. Their cocktail menu is thoughtful (Le Diable is a highlight) as well as their rotating wine selection. The ambiance is definitely a big selling point at Good King - this is a great date place.I came here a few weeks ago with a friend and we shared brussel sprouts. The brussel sprouts were amazing, probably some of the best I've ever had, but also probably some of the unhealthiest (I wont' describe it since a picture will probably be a better source of explanation). I got the house made falafel for an entree. It wasn't bad but it didn't blow me away either. I'd definitely had better (and for cheaper).
Dessert was bread pudding with lavender ice cream. I thought it was very good but I'm also a sucker for anything sweet (the ice cream was not significantly lavender-y). 
Overall it was kind of underwhelming. I wasn't outraged because the prices were reasonable and I enjoyed the atmosphere, but I won't be coming back for the food if I do come back.Fantastic place!  My wife and I have been there twice.  Cocktails -- interesting, great.  Appetizers: great.  Salads: great.  Entrees: great.  Dessert: great.    Wonderful atmosphere, warm, not too noisy.  Service and staffing:  even better!  Worth the trip.Just finished a Valentine's Day dinner here with my husband and everything was absolutely delicious. Amazing ambiance and decor. Great music. We were really blown away by the food and service. One of Philly's best kept secrets.Dinner at the GKT can be divided into two parts.  The appetizers/starters are not good but the entres are.  Our party of four samples six starters or sides (escargot, mushroom croquettes, duck hearts, brussel srputs, and one other and all were mediocre and/or over salted.  Th escargot had no flavor, not butter nor garlic.  The duck hearts were overcooked.  The mushrooms were good but the croquettes were bland.  The brussels were undercooked.
The entres were good though.  Pork frites, steak frites, falaffel were all good.
The entres are very reasonably priced.  The appetizers/starters are a bit pricey but within the current overpriced norms in restaurants.
I think this is more of a neighborhood bar with good but not great bistro food.  Were the appetizers to be improved I would consider giving the GKT another star.  As it is, an average rating seems fair on balance.One of the best bars in Philly!!! Every drink we had was great, especially le diable, the clover club and the zombie. The ambiance is so warm and the bar tender was very friendly. Haven't tried the food yet but hoping to go back!What a wonderful little gem, lively and vibrant. We had a very good time there last evening, our cocktails were perfect, the reasonably priced wines and entrees were quite delicious. Don't  miss the artisan cheese and the house made charcuterie boards, outstanding.  Our server could not have been better. As a previous reviewer pointed out, the pot de creme is a must for dessert although I have to say, we shared the trio ice cream and bread pudding as well, both were terrific. We will be going back.One of the best of the best!  Delicious food, an upbeat atmosphere, and do they know how to pour a great drink!I've been here a number of times now, and it's consistently very good. The menu consists of a small core of dishes, which are fine but unexceptional. The rotating specials, though, are interesting and always excellent. They also have an amazing stock of unusual and very good wines. I haven't been there recently without discovering an amazing, reasonably priced wine. Many of them come from small production or new vineyards, and are hard or impossible to get elsewhere. MI will definitely go back for the French 75 (had 2) and the brussel sprouts (with a basil chevre tapenade, crispy hazelnuts, and chipckpeas). This place is amazing and with drinks, a salad, and brussel sprouts total came to $40. Will definitely go back again!Excellent spot! Great food, great ambiance, and amazing music! Servers were on top of it. Beer and cocktail list bomb.com!The high priests of butter & salt are working their magic to perfection at this French bistro in a former Irish pub with a great play lost. 
Duck breast.... Crispy and melty.  
Steak frites... Beefy & crunchy.
Chocolate mousse... Created by the chocolate gods.
Why go to Paris when you can eat here.I live half a block away from The Good King and have eaten there multiple times. I'm obsessed with the place. Never once had a bad experience. The beer and wine selections are ever-changing and wonderful, and the food is just fantastic. I've eaten just about everything on the menu. The meat and cheese boards, fava bean tartine, game hen, Brussels sprouts, warm winter salad, octopus, and asparagus flan are all stand outs. The service is impeccable, striking the balance between attentive and officious while never being intrusive. Plus the staff is always friendly and accommodating. This place just rocks. It can be hard getting a table compared to when they first opened, but I am happy The Good King has become so popular. Try it. You will not be disappointed.This is my heaven in Philly.  This is my eat ramen all month then GO CRAZY place.  I was once feeling really gluttonous and gorged here three times in a week... don't do this.   The food is rich and delicious, the seafood is especially good and the wine is to die for.  Go cray on dat fancy shit. GET DA GOUT!
But seriously, very special whites and reds.  Less than spectacular escargot.  My favorite cheese and charcuterie plates for flavor and value.  Your boring friends will love the french fries.The wait staff was extremely knowledgeable and helpful in the menu choices. When our meal came, (short wait time) we were very pleased with our entrees. They were DELICIOUS and pretty! 
The creme brûlée, mixed berry dessert, and chocolate were fabulous! 
I will definitely eat here again when I visit Philly. 
YUM-O!Rye or whiskey drinkers will love it here.  The bartenders have a few spins mixing rye and amaro and these guys seem to genuinely enjoy making drinks and talking to people.  Will have to try the food next timeCame here a couple weeks back and totally forgot about it already.  Usually when I do that I throw the place three stars and say it wasn't memorable.  But when I looked back at the menu, remembered what I ate and drank, I was reminded "oh yeah, I need to go back there!".
The good:
- Wine - Love the "good, better, best" approach to glasses and bottles.  They go $20-$25-$30 for a bottle so even if you get the "best" you're spending less than most restaurants charge.  Was the wine any good, do I know what I was drinking?  Yes, I actually enjoyed the "better" pinot noir I had, especially for $25 a bottle.  I don't really care what brand it was.  More places should do this.
- Steak - I had the Diane, my girlfriend the frites.  Hit the freakin' spot.  Both under $20 and plenty of food to satisfy even a big boy like myself on a Friday night (the 3 glasses of wine helped too).
The not so good...but really not that bad.
- Service - bristly.  The words the waitress was saying were nice but the WAY she said them wasn't particularly.  Get what I mean?
- Steak - I thought you said it was good!  No no, I said it hit the spot...but was a little gristly.  Which is OK for a less than $20 steak, but was tough because they didn't offer proper steak knives.
This is a solid spot I see myself coming back to many times.  The negatives really weren't that bad, the place was packed yet not overwhelming, and could easily bump to a five star spot.Steak tartare to give your tongue a mouth full of orgasmic goodness - thank you DAVID ANSILL!!!!!!  Like that there's Reggae music - mellow, helps digestion, decent barWent to The Good King Tavern for late Saturday brunch with four out-of-town girlfriends.  It did not disappoint.  The ambiance was ideal for chatting and catching up - the place was abuzz, but no screaming necessary.  
We shared an order of pommes frites, and seriously went silent as we blissfully dipped each one into the aioli and savored its salted goodness.  Yes, I'm still talking about pommes frites here.  Entreee-wise, I'm a vegetarian, and ordered the Socca - a $7 combination plate with chickpea patties and sides of salad and ratatouille.  The price was right ($7) but the taste even better.   
Our only lament: Upon leaving, we realized we REEKED of friend food (or maybe onion).  All the husbands and boyfriends mentioned it, separately, when we walked into our respective homes!  I tried Febreeze-ing and hanging my (week-old) winter coat out in the fresh air, to no avail.  It needs to go to the dry cleaner - and my friends are all doing the same.   If it weren't for this little buzzkill, I'd have given The Good King Tavern five stars.I went here for my birthday dinner with two other people this Saturday. We had a 9pm reservation and were seated immediately. Our waiter seemed a bit busy when we got there and I was worried that our service wasn't going to be ideal since we had a bit of a problem with our wine order. However, when our waiter returned, he offered to pay for our bottle of wine and let us choose what house wine we wanted (we chose the best pichet which was a chardonnay). He was very apologetic and we were more than happy that our wine was going to be comped. The whole meal was delicious from start to finish. I ordered the special, which was Cornish Game Hen, and the spring vegetable stew underneath the hen was delicious, as was the perfectly cooked meat. To finish, our waiter brought us each a dessert wine on the house and a dessert (since my sister had briefly mentioned it was my birthday). He went above and beyond and it made our experience that much more enjoyable. I will definitely be back given that their prices are so reasonable for the quality of food that is served. I especially love their reasonably priced house wines as well.So unbelievably good and prices really reasonably! Great drinks, staff, food, atmosphere and variety! If you're in Philly, go here!What a great addition to the South Street neighborhood!
A great light dining spot with expertly mixed cocktails.  Beautiful room with a great copper hammered ceiling and walls, lighting, and fans.  Not too loud, not too quiet, just right for a quick, casual dinner.
The dishes are smallish (although appropriately priced) but high quality, well balanced and expressive.
A big thumbs up, I'd give it a five, but I tend to reserve that for a truly amazing experience these days.Awful service, and really disappointing. We live in the neighborhood and braved the storm to have a few drinks. The bartenders were incompetent, hostess was over the top rude, and we were totally surprised with the attitude. Have lived in the city for 20 years, we thought we had seen it all. Apparently not.  everyone in our party had the same impression. Very rude, and I was embarrassed that I had suggested it.Excellent spot! Great food, great ambiance, and amazing music! Servers were on top of it. Beer and cocktail list bomb.comCame here on a recent Friday night. The energy was high and the service was good. The food menu is small, but the specials were on point. Food was decent. Draft list is decent. Definitely worth checking out.How cute is this place? I came here based upon a recommendation from a waiter at one of my favorite restaurants. I was not disappointed. The price was right, the drinks are sublime, and the meal was even better. If they are open on NYE, I will be there celebrating right at the bar in a blue velvet dress.Get here before the world discovers it.  Perfect food in a friendly tavern atmosphere.  Go there now!