Reasonbly good bubble tea just a few blocks from Penn.
We did not try the food, but were annoyed that they were rude when we sat down at the only seating (in the dining area) without ordering food.  That might be understandable during lunch or dinner, but not in the mid-afternoon when the place was otherwise empty.This place went downhill. Although the food was good and the staff was friendly, the place wasn't maintained at all. It was as if the owner didn't care...Is this a joke? 
Only pro is that its nicely decorated and good for groups. Everything else is poor:
-Slow service: It took 45 minutes for a crab sandwich and a burger to come out. Oh wait, that's because they didn't have any GAS when we came in. What in the world?
-Overpriced food: $9 for a crabcake sandwich that was medicore. Doesn't come with anything extra. Anything extra requires more dollars. No thanks.
No offense...but this seems like a typical UPenn area restaurant: overpriced, mediocre food, and apathetic service. If you have the money and the time, by all means.I always try things a couple of times before I say its bad.  Same with Bubble house.  the food is unremarkable and over priced.  the bubble tea is pretty much the same.  There are a few really good pastry shops in China town that sell some good baked goods and bubble tea.  For food on Sansom, try anywhere else but here.  for bubble tea, go to ChinatownI have to say I'm confused by the negative reviews. My bf and I went to Bubble House today for lunch. I loved it!!!  It was a cold, rainy day, and their vanilla rooibos tea really hit the spot!  What a great way to warm up. 
For my entree, I had the crabcake sandwich w/ sweet potato fries. I was a little taken aback when my crabcake came. It wasn't what I've typically come to expect a crabcake to be. It was more like a crab salad patty that was tossed on the grill for about a minute. It was actually served  lukewarm. 
Okay.. so the crabcake was different than I expected.... but it was still GOOD once I got that idea out of my head. The sweet potato fries were very good, but not hot enough!  I thought the dipping sauce was the perfect condiment for the fries.
But... BY FAR, the highlight of this mean was the dessert. We ordered a Xando, which is described on the menu as:Rich Cheese Cake Filling Wrapped in a Cinnamon-Sugar Coated Crispy Pastry with a Raspberry Drizzle.  It was PHENOMENAL. 
When I say this is one of the best tastes my mouth has ever experienced, I AM NOT exaggerating. Guys... this thing is DELICIOUS!!
Also liked our waitress and the host who were MORE than friendly to us. The restaurant was clean and toasty  warm. 
I HIGHLY recommend this place.Teas are good tasting and priced well, the food however is a little trendy spendy for my taste. Which is ok considering mostly we just come here for the drinks. The seating definitely needs some revamping. Sometimes we'll be here and need to seat ourselves, and sometimes they want the hostess to do it, however there is no clear indication of which is which.  We've stood at the hostess stand for upwards of 5 minutes watching servers go past us without so much as an inquisitive glance.  Other than that, not a bad tea shop in the area.The reviews here about the crappiness of service at Bubble House are spot on.  I've been here for lunch a few times (why do I keep going back?  It's a mystery...) and I the average time it has taken to get our food is easily upwards of 45 minutes.  The food is.. ok.  The bubble tea is.. ok.  I LOVE taro bubble tea but unfortunately the one here tends to be either way too sweet or way too watery.
I would have given them two stars for the above reasons, but I'm bumping them up one for the already-mentioned awesome looseleaf tea collection AND because I've recently figured out how to negotiate their service problem: call ahead for takeout at least a half hour in advance.  Under those circumstances, it definitely gets three stars.  The Vietnamese hoagies are decent (piping-hot grilled pork combined with cold veggies, jalapenos, etc. .. yum) and some of the other random stuff in their pre-made takeout section are pretty good.  I'd steer clear of the dumplings, as others have said, but the noodles and sandwiches are pricey but reliable.i love their tea, and they have the best selection of green tea (i'm obsessed).  i recommend the china green tea and the raspberry sour bubble tea.  the food is okay, nothing spectacular.Really good bubble tea!  Although I've heard chinatown's is better but since i've never had any other bubble tea besides at this place I suppose ignorance is bliss.  They're sweet potato fries, seaweed salad, and dumplings are good too.  
They're bi bim bap is just bad.  The actual entrees i'm not a big fan of ...but some people like them.So I agree with most everyone that the service at the Bubble House is just about uniformly terrible.  When I decide to "do" lunch at the Bubble House, it's on a day that I want to escape my lab for as long a period as possible without actually going home and taking a nap. 
All that being said, I usually enjoy the food.  The sweet potato fries are amazing, the soups are pretty good (recently I had a lemongrass corn chowder that was to die for), and the specials are usually inventive and fun (raw tuna pizza is a memory I won't soon forget).  
The bubble teas are super fun with close to 100 flavors (that may be slight overkill, but there are a lot).  Know that the flavors are all ridiculously sweet  (unless you get something plain like Jasmine).  The bubbles are sometimes a little tough and sometimes a little burnt, but are usually plentiful if nothing.  You can certainly get better boba in chinatown, but who has time to trek down there on a weekday afternoon?It has expanded in the last 4 years, which means business is doing well, which means people other than myself think its good.  The bubble tea is interesting to say the least, and makes this place stand out, which any good business needs to do.  They have grown to include a full bar now, so its a good place to go after a long day for drinks.  Its my personal favorite to have lunch dates as its very bright and cozy.  The service isn't the fastest but the food is good.  I much prefer the lunch menu to the dinner menu.  Their soups, bowls and wraps are super and of course, it goes without saying that the sweet potato fries are the best ever...anywhere!  Check it out, in the name of creativity and black boba balls (made from a mixture of tapioca and carrageenan powder).  Did you know that originally these balls were meant to shake up the milk density of your tea...interesting!  Theyre kinda filling and too many can make you nauseous, so don't go crazyService is always hit or miss. The food is the same. Ultimately, it's a sub-par dining experience which should only be reserved for trust fund babies and their visiting parents.I am so sad that the bubble house closed. They had the best salads and sweet potato fries. I enjoyed their bubble tea, and my counterpart won't be able to live without the thai wings they served. This was a staple in my college life and will miss it.While the service here is a little shoddy and on the "you win some, you lose some" side of the fence, I have to say that the food is pretty damn good and the tea is even better. The atmosphere is super snug, beautiful, and its lit intimately. Nice place to go and hang low, get some drinks and talk shit. I love it. Now if the servers get their act together, we`ll have a winner.Visiting Philly just for the weekend and found this place near our hotel (Hilton at Penn).  Really glad I did.
I was drawn and impressed by the phenomenal tea selection, including "chocolate chai."  I ended up having the Taro Bubble Tea, iced, and was very impressed.
Food was delicious.  My friend and I split sweet potato fries which a sweet citrus based dipping sauce, and my main course was the Bimbimbop.  Not your traditional Korean version per se, but a nice, fresh, collection of veggies/rice.  What really put it over the top was the hot sauce I asked for on the side (absolute must) - ended up being a homemade mayo based sriracha/hot pepper sauce, to die for with this dish.
Can't speak too much to ambiance since I was seated outside, but looked really nice inside, if not a bit crowded.
Overall, very nice experience.I live really near here and enjoy going at least twice a week.  The bubble-tea here is very good.  Their tea style is more on the natural side, not the super-sweet variety, and they have a great selection of teas.  As for the food, it is Asian/American fusion done well.  I would recommend the salmon, crab-cakes, Bibim Bap and the Mahi Mahi.
Also the atmosphere is clean, quiet and very relaxing.
Add:  Recently saw a couple of mice running aroundSo, my girlfriend and i ate dinner here today, and then we went for pizza. This is because we are on a budget and in an attempt to save money we split the bibim bap, bad call. It tasted fine besides being overly priced and really not bibim bap ( the idea was there but it was missing any authentic-ness, although on the menu it said "our take") the issue was the size, it seemed as big as a small salad. 
On the upside the tea was good, the coconut which i got was better then most i've had, including the chai, (although I haven't tried out china towns bubble tea yet) the sweet potato fries are CRAZY yummy especially the dipping sauce, which for 4$ isn't bad, and you get a decent amount.
the service was so-so, and the DJ in the back had the music so loud we could barely talk about how tasty the fries are, this could have been because there was a party in the other room, but it seems like there is always a party in the backrooms..
all in all, decent place for a after movie snack with a date or with friends, it's trendy and the tea and fries are worth it, but not much else seems like it is.First the good stuff...IF I could review the bubble tea, their (brewed) tea selection and their phenomenal sweet potato fries this place would easily get five stars.  
BUT alas, one can not survive on tea & fries alone (sounds like an idea for an experiment though)....
The service at this place is super wonky and even a bit hard to describe.  I've been here no less than 10 times over the last few years and every single time there's an issue.  Sometimes it's being completely ignored.  Other times it's the waitstaff fighting with each other or complaining (WAY to loudly) about their jobs and/or their bosses.  Many times it's just a general lack of knowledge or an I-don't-care attitude.  No one seems overly eager to find things out either  -- EXAMPLE: "Does that Vietnamese hoagie have chicken or pork on it (pre-made in the to-to case)?  Guy pulls it out looks at it and says "hmmm, I don't know", puts it back in the case and closes the door).  Really?  Could you maybe find out?  Or at least ask me if I want it anyway?
This said, like a sucker I will keep going back.  And the next time I'm there for lunch, I will probably sit there with my friends and say "why did we come here?  remind me next time that we shouldn't go back" and guaranteed a few months later I'll be back for more.Absolutely not impressed by the prices, the service, or the food.
I've eaten at Bubble House twice now.  
On the first occasion, I was there with a group for lunch.  I had the vietnamese pork sandwich.  It was very dry and not very flavorful.  The vietnamese sandwiches sold by Saturn Club (just down the way) are much, much better and much cheaper.  The service also wasn't good.  Through some misunderstanding, some of the people at my table wound up with only sandwiches and no fries.  When they asked the waiter about it, he said their sandwiches did not come with a side.  He then walked off without offering to put in an order for the other food.  
On my second trip, it took well over an hour to order and get any food or tea.  To eat, we had dumplings and a noodle stir-fry.  Neither were good.  Both were over-priced. 
In sum, this place needs to improve.A friend of mine took me out to lunch here.  He doesn't know me very well so I was shocked when I walked in.  This is totally the type of place I would have chosen.
I had the tilapia wrap with kiwi bubble tea.  Everything tasted amazing - the salad, the bubble tea, the wrap.  Just DELICIOUS.
The service however was a bit slow - and our food came before our drinks.  We were sort of in a hurry, but managed to finish up on time.
I will definitely be back!But only for the sundae show.  I haven't eaten or drank there but what an amazing malee of people in the courtyard.  Some of the best techno music and jams I have heard in years, and I usually never listen to that music.  This place was electric, it made you smile and it made me proud to live in a city where we can find truly unique places like this.  Unbelievable dancers and amatuers alike mopve to the music as a group of kids run about on the side of the dancefloor.  This is as much a family place to go and enjoy as it is a party.  I haven't stopped telling people about it ,but I should because it was not overcrowded, almost a perfect mix and I would hate to lose that.  
The perfect Sunday afternoon location, a great end to any weekend, but don't tell too many people we wouldn't want it going mainstream.How this place is still in business is a complete mystery.  Someone must not mind losing money every month or it's a front for something else.  The service is horrendous and the food ain't much better.  I've never had the bubble tea so maybe that's what keeps it afloat.Yuck Yuck Yuck.
The lunch was really bland. I had a Vietnamese hoagie and my friend had the red curry chicken. I guess I am biased since I grew up in Southern California, but I couldn't even finish my meal. It just wasn't appetizing. 
Service was slow and worst of all, the floor was really STICKY! What the! Mop the floor for Pete's sake! Maybe the waiter was slowed down by the floor. 
The inside looks kinda neat I guess, but my first time was my last time.I don't know why this place get such low ratings. My first and only time that I was there, I had the time of my life. We were kind of got rejected from the Mad Mex restaurant down the street because our party was about 30+ people. Thank god they rejected us. We found our alternate just down the street. I'd passed it when we first walked over to Mad Mex, but it was so unnoticeable. This place is great for HUGE crowd because the place was almost empty when we were there.
They were very accommodating! They moved chairs and tables to create a private dance floor for us. Their Sake Sangria tasted great! $3 bucks YO!! As good as it can get. Some beer was also $2! DJ was great, though I do wish they played more hits rather than whatever they played that night. 
We didn't come there for food or the bubble tea. It was the alcohol, the venues and the crowd.this rating is purely for the tea drinks. although i will say the food here doesn't look very appetizing.
i think the milk tea and fruit tea blends they have here are absolutely terrible. i believe they call them latte and non-latte tea drinks, which is already an insult to the existence of milk tea itself. the boba (aka pearls, tapioca, bubbles.. whatever you call it) is almost always too hard so i always ask for mixed fruit jelly substitute instead. trust me, that's a much better option. the milk tea when served warm is pretty decent. but the fruit tea blends are SO sweet i feel like i'm just drinking sugar water. maybe a little less on the sweetened fruit concentrate and a little more on the tea?
however, as horrible as the milk/fruit teas are, the actual brewed teas are wonderful. my favorite would have to be either jasmine or pu er tea. it comes in a brewed pot, and tastes like heaven - especially on a cold winter day. i'm giving this place two stars solely because their brewed teas serve as semi-redemption. and their service has been pretty good the few times i've dared to venture in here. if you want decent boba milk tea, however, try chinatown instead.The thing I like best about Bubble House is the decor and ambiance... perhaps I haven't been to enough "good" Asian restaurants, but I find it very relaxing and pleasing. My friend and I sat in a tiny booth in the dining area that was very cozy and secluded.
The food, as others have said, was definitely overpriced for what we got, but the food itself was still good. 3 stars, for defs. We shared the duck samosas and pan fried noodles with shrimp, and we both got vietnamese coffee and then a pot of "Buddhist Finger" (???) oolong tea. The samosas had cheese in them (again, ???) but they were still good. The pan-fried noodles were tasty, but nothing incredible. The coffee was strong (yes!) and the tea enjoyed a temporal moment of goodness, which was eclipsed before by weakness and after by bitterness. We lacked the foresight to remove the tea filter from the pot.
The bathrooms were jarringly different in style from the rest of the restaurant and a lil' shady. The dessert menu was very disappointing... I would expect at an Asian-y restaurant you would have light, perhaps even non-dairy desserts, but all of the desserts were like, chocolate cake and cheesecake. Weird.
I would come back here again but not regularly.Visited this Penn/Drexel area bar on a Thursday night recently.  Our initially small party was told they were going out of business and got offered some amazing drink specials.  A not too mixed crowd greeted us along with a very decent dj.  Upon arrival, no one was dancing but our group became larger after a bunch of our friends came over from New Deck and we turned the dance floor out!!  Requests were granted, the whole place got  into it and we all had an unexpected fun time.  Wondering when they are closing their doors for good?Okay, so, guess who like Bubble Tea? (Yes.. Me!) 
I took my French couch surfing friend to The Bubble House to show her something different, and we had a very nice time. She got the Vietnamese Hoagie ("What is an oagie?" she asked) and completely loved it. I had the tofu pesto salad (three things I never thought to put together, but, hey, why not?), and it was great. 
I had heard a lot of bad things about this place, which is why I never went there before, but I can honestly say that i had a very enjoyable experience. It wasn't as expensive as I thought it would be, either. $12 for a big salad and bubble tea... Oh, the bubble tea! I could take or leave the actual bubbles, but the (almond) tea was delish! I would certainly recommend this place to someone who was looking for something different.We ate here a lot while Steve's dad was in the hospital at UPenn, and I really expected to hate it after reading all the reviews. It's possible that's why I'm giving it three stars instead of two, because my expectations were pretty low. Still, I didn't think it was so bad.
Service was not the greatest I've ever experienced, BUT, they always let me hang out by myself, reading or whatever, while waiting for Steve to get there from the hospital, so that was nice.
Bubble tea - also not the best I've ever had, but definitely decent. And the bubble tea cocktails they make are certainly inventive.
Food is for the most part "OK." My absolute favorite thing here is the sweet potato fries, so that should tell you something. We've tried some of the other appetizers/sides but none were memorable. In terms of main dishes, the Korean BBQ wrap is probably the best thing we've had, although it's a bit spicy for me. Steve said the burger was average, and the same goes for the flat iron steak. I WANTED the pan fried egg noodles to be good, but the noodles were just not doing it for me. And other than that, I don't remember anything else specifically that we tried.
So, there you have it. I'd probably rank this place more like 2.5 stars, but am rounding up because they at least beat my expectations.Two things keep me coming back to Bubble House: the bubble tea and the sweet potato fries. The bubble tea is an evil creation. The tea is delicious and the tapioca balls are strange yet fun. These balls, reminiscent of flavorless gummy bears, could entertain me for hours. When you drink the tea through the extra large straw, the tapioca balls pop in your mouth at rather unexpected times. The only problem is, after awhile, you get a bit sick of the tapioca. Asking for half the normal amount of tapioca is a must.
The sweet potato fries are a whole 'nother ball game. Delicious and perfectly fried, they are a treat for any mouth. Paired with tangy Orange Ginger Sauce, they are heavenly. I definitely recommend the Bubble House to anyone!This place is good for grabbing lunch, but stands out as a date place. The cozy little booths make you feel more isolated than a normal table and the incredible tea list is a perfect conversation starter. 
The food is a little pricey, but the quality is usually quite good. Ordering appetizers to split is great fun. I recommend the sweet potato fries or gyoza. Also good on the menu is the Vietnamese hoagie.
The bubble tea itself is pretty standard. Sometimes the bubbles are not as squishy as they could be, but that is expected if you come near the end of the day. The help is usually attentive, although I have sometimes had to wait a while to order. 
The last time I went there were unexpectedly belly dancers roaming around, which was fun if not a bit surprising. Good art on the walls also.I had a burger here and it was awesome! It was spicy and juicy and cooked to perfection. The sweet potato fries are the best in the city, especially the dipping sauce that goes with them. 
It was really busy the last time I was there and the service was still great.  I will definitely come back!i've tried and tried being so close to this place, but time after time i'm dissapointed.
ask for bloody marys, they check, they have the ingredients, but no one apparently knows how to make one.
order a drink off the drink menu and had the same problem...
sat outside for lunch and food took about an hour, it was good, but not wait an hour good..
i have walked in a couple time at night to an odd bubble house rave party with no one  dancing.... 
take out bubble tea has been good
honestly i have have gone in for drink later at night a couple time and the dude behind the bar was great but i've just had more bad experinces then good and normally will go somewhere like lemon grass for lunch because i at least know that i'm walking into angry waitress that forget my drink order but get my food out lightening fastThis place is soooooooooooo cozy.
They have a great tea list and the menu is very veggie friendly. The food was oooh sooo delicious. 
But, the tea came out with the meal (boo), we never got out appetizers and the service sucked.
I later realized that our server was also the bartender. Maybe multi-tasking works in other environments, but not here. Our tiny table was stuck cluttered with empty glasses and plates throughout the meal.
As shitty as the service was, everything else made up for it.
I am usually claustrophobic as hell in a 2 seater booth, but theirs were comfortable and spacious with hooks at the of the booth for your jackets, etc.
It's just a relaxing place with good drinks, tea and great food.
Maybe the service will be better next time.Once was unsatisfying enough, but I went another time only because a friend had picked the place to meet up for drinks before I had a chance to warn her!  The first time was for lunch, got there before the lunch rush hit (not that there really was much of one).  The place looked like it had potential when I walked in. Cozy little booths, nice bar area, asiany decor. But as I was the ONLY customer in the restaurant at that point waiting for my friend, I expected a waiter to at least ask me if I wanted to be seated or look at a menu as I wait.  Not at all. Instead I saw the bartender and a waitress totally ignore me, sit by the bar and carry on in their own conversation as I stood uncomfortably by the entrance. I would even ventured out to go somewhere else but it was raining pretty hard, and my friend was already on her way.  I finally went up and asked to look at a menu myself. And when my friend got there we had to find a waitress to seat us! The bubble tea was decent, the food was so-so. The second time was just as unimpressive. NOT going back here a 3rd time!As you could tell from my rating, I wouldn't recommend this place.  Despite that, I do eat here quite a bit (more than once a month) and kind of hate that I give them my money, but I justify it by saying "there's nowhere else".  I'm always in the area (yes, I go to Penn) and so always run out of places to eat at.  
First off, the service sucks.  I always have to wait at the front for like 5 minutes, staring really hard at any employee trying to get their attention.  Honestly, can someone--anyone??--just take some damn responsibility and stop pretending that there aren't customers in their faces, eager to be seated? I usually then have to grab someone's arm for that to happen.  Really ridiculous.
The food is also sub-par.  A "new take" on bibimbap? More like something that doesn't even remotely resemble bibimbap in composition, look, or taste.  And that guy who liked the vietnamese hoagie because of the surprise peppers? When a sandwich is bland except for one corner of extreme hotness, sorry but I don't call that a good thing.
Yet another downside: everything is grossly overpriced.  Oh and the bubble tea, 90% of the time, comes watery.  Could you try chilling the tea first (or at least making it double concentrated) so it doesn't dilute like crazy when you put ice in it?I love it when the prevailing consensus is one i share.  Three stars won for:  bubble tea (though i'm getting over the novelty, slowly) and sweet potato fries.  I also like the mahi mahi wrap, and some of their soups are not terrible.  Atmosphere is really nice for lunch on the sunny closed patio, and the service is always impeccable.  
I am coming back to Philadelphia and will probably have a stop in.  So boo to those of you who don't think sweet potato fries with ginger sauce are worth a visit back, however occasional.Pros: Sweet Potato Fries, Awesome Variation on Vegetable Samosa, Offers Seitan in Addition to the much-overused-in-the-universe Tofu
Cons: Not Located in New Haven, CT; not freeThis my favorite restaurant in West Philadelphia.   Whenever I have someone from out of town visiting, I take them here and it's always been a big hit.  I recommend the Thai red coconut curry or the lime-garlic chicken and shrimp.  Their sweet potato fries and Reese's pie dessert are both pretty SWEET as well.  
The service can be a bit off from time to time, but luckily you'll get a friendly waitress.  Also, I wouldn't come here for the bubble tea.   I know it's called Bubble House, but just skip it and go for the main courses.
I do NOT recommend coming here on a Sunday night if you want a quiet dinner.  They have a dance party in the back room and it can be really obnoxious if you're seated near it.One star symbolizes how many times I plan on visiting this place during my lifetime.  Unfortunately, I failed to take heed of the warnings from my friends, victims who tried this place out before me...four of whom are locals to Philly.  
I ordered Red Curry Chicken, which was disappointing.  Just imagine throwing grilled chicken breast pieces into a mix of off the shelf curry powder and stirring it into rice.  It doesn't taste good!  Some of the Bubble House equivalents in southern california would manage to do this, but with style and good taste.  
Also the service is hard to come by.  My weighter was MIA come time to pay the bill.  Actually another waiter kept running back and forth between our side of the wall and the other side of the wall trying to find my waiter! (Bubble House has a big wall dividing the place in two).First time at this place today - a little confusing upon first walking in.  There are two separate doors, one for table service and the other for take-out.  I walked into the take-out one because that's what I had planned on getting, but couldn't find any menus to order food from, just tea.  I walked over to the other side and asked the server and she directed me to the one food menu they had on their take-out side.
I ordered the Korean BBQ wrap with sweet potato fries and a raspberry lemonade bubble tea.  I didn't have to wait long at all for the food and the tea was ready while I was waiting.  The wrap was just the right size - not huge and messy like I find most wraps to be - but just right.  I really liked their Korean BBQ sauce.  The sundried tomato wrap seemed a bit dry, but not too bad.  The sweet potato fries I got, however, were amazing!  Came with really tasty dipping sauce too - not sure what it was though.  The tea was tasty as well, a little too sugary, but not bad.  
Overall, I would probably come back to this place again on a date or something.  The actual sit-down part of the restaurant seemed nice.I visited Bubble House on a whim, during a quick two-day trip to Philly. I happened to read a mention of the joint online the day I was there, and I am a fan of bubble tea so I couldn't resist. It must be said, though, that I am no bubble tea afficionado. It has been awhile since I have had anything but the super sugary, frozen bubble teas at a local chain, which I still enjoy.
We arrived at Bubble House with the kind of appetite where anything you stuff in your mouth is going to taste gourmet. Additionally, we were on vacation and in love, so maybe my review is biased, but I loved the place.
The wife and I split a veggie hoagie and salad, which were both great but not especially memorable. I have a real fondness for spicy potatoes, and predictably loved the wasabi mashed potatoes. The sweet potato fries and the orange ginger dipping sauce were the real winners, though. If I lived nearby, I could see myself swinging by for bubble tea and fries pretty regularly.
The bubble tea was so good we ordered a gigantic, Big Gulp sized one to go after each enjoying the ones we got during our meal. Probably my favorite was one I'd never order: black sesame. Good thing I have my better half around to order the right thing. I wish I had bubble tea like this in my town; you can actually taste the tea while still feeling like you got dessert in a cup.While The Bubble House is good (I had the Masaman curry and sweet potato fries), there is no way it's worth the prices you pay. Sure, the restaurant is nice, but I just can't see paying 17 bucks for curry when I can get the it at Lemongrass for 10 (and in my mind, much better). The service wasn't anything exceptional, a little on the slow side. I've never had the bubble tea, so I can't speak about that, everything looked good. 
I did have one really bad visit to The Bubble House, and I'll never come back because of it. I was having dinner outside, and this drunk guy came out and started harassing my friend and I while we were eating. He stood directly in front of our table, cursing and screaming on his phone, and then yelled at my friend and I. The staff saw this happening and didn't do a damn thing. After asking him to leave us alone 5 or 6 times, he did, but the restaurant should have dealt with the situation instead of me.I went to Bubble Tea just last week and it was good.  I had the Bibam Bap with seitan -- it was listed as vegan, or so I thought. The food was good enough to bring me back again tonight....
And despite a good experience last week, tonight the Bubble House experience was HORRENDOUS.  I have no idea what happened between last week and this week.  First off, tonight we were ignored by several employees before finally being seated by a friendly waitress.  She meant well and could not have been responsible for the service disaster that followed.  
They were completely out of seitan, the basis for many of the veg versions of the dishes. That was a disappointment but we figured we'd go for tofu.  Unfortunately the waitress then informed us that the items listed as vegan, such as the Bibam Bap that I ate last time, weren't actually vegan but contained FISH SAUCE!!!! I had no idea last week that I was eating something with fish sauce! But I guess I should have been suspicious because even the PORK TENDERLOIN is listed as a veg option. If it says vegan or veg on the menu, assume the opposite.
The spring rolls came out and were pretty good, but small and quite costly at $7 for 2 rolls cut in half.  We ordered a $14 bowl of red curry with tofu and it took MORE THAN AN HOUR for it to come.  Just as we were about to walk out of the restaurant in exasperation, the food arrived after 10 pm (we had come in 10 minutes before 9).  The waitress was extremely apologetic and explained that the stoves were broken.  Once the food got there we asked for spoons, and the poor waitress then circled the rest. 3 times with a panicked look on her face trying to find a spoon.  Apparently Bubble House doesn't have spoons.  She found a plastic chinese restaurant egg drop soup style spoon and sheepishly put it on our table and then ran away.  We then ate INCREDIBLY spicy red curry with a plastic soup spoon while we panted like dogs due to the heat of the food.  For $14 no rice was served separately, but a few grains were pre-mixed in.
Overall, terrible service (with the exception of the female waitresses who seem to doing their best on a sinking ship), and food that is too little in quantity, too spicy, and way too expensive for what you get. And who wants to wait more than an HOUR for their entree?i loved my blond little server.  she was so sweet and so concerned, just loved her.
miso soup kind of bland, calamari great.Bubble House easily has the best burger in the entire city.  Where else can you get an Asian-infused burger for this price AND side it with a delicious bubble tea?  The ambiance is extremely friendly as well, and the staff is just as good.  I come here all the time just to hang out with my friends and we all love it.  Great late-night scene too!  Shame to hear that the restaurant part of it will be closing soon.  Still, great bubble tea!My all-time favorite restaurant during grad school at Penn. This place has amazing food and awesome tea! I adore bubble tea and they could feed my craving. They are really creative and come up with flavors like Almond Joy (chocolate, coconut, and almond). 
There service is always changing. They seem to hire college kids and they are always moving on... so sometimes I get a great server... and sometimes not so great.Oh dear, Bubble House, why such a disappointment?
In the past, I've gotten pretty acceptable food there.
But this time it was primarily gross. Okay, our entree was gross. Wasabi potatoes were my first, and I've been daydreaming about them all day. Also, desserts are mediocre scrumptious, but at 7 dollars a pop? Meh.
Weird misunderstanding happened with a coupon, too.
OH YEAH: BUBBLE HOUSE HAS THIS PROBLEM WHERE THEY NEVER HAVE ANYTHING ON THE MENU. Whatever you have your heart set on, forget it. Ask immediately what they're out of, the moment you sit down. Every single time I go here they're out of what I decided to order. And I'm indecisive, so this is especially frustrating.
The artwork is bangin'.DOWNGRADE.
Went to Bubble House tonight with some friends because they had a coupon. The bubbles were stale (like they were the other week, but I gave them the benefit of the doubt that time), the food was blah, the server was blah, and they didn't have about half the menu in stock.
The food we did order was cheap. I shared the Red Coconut Curry with shrimp with a friend and there were three shrimp. Three. In a large bowl with tons of rice and soggy lettuce swimming in the curry. Ew. Why wouldn't the rice come on the side?
There was a dispute about the validity of the coupon and the waitress told us it wasn't valid, but it was supposed to be valid for a year from the purchase date, etc. Annoying.I've been coming here fairly often, only because it's semi-interesting food in the University City area.
It's very inconsistent, however.
Sometimes, the staff is so nice! Like, the nicest! Sometimes, they ignore you for a while. 
Sometimes the bubbles for the bubble tea are great! Like, the right texture and consistency! Sometimes, they taste almost stale.
The food is fine, nothing to write home about. The mussels are actually pretty good, but everything else is just okay. And overpriced.The Bubble House is a place i discovered not too long ago.  They have a huge selection of teas and of course, bubble tea!  i personally prefer to order the vietnamese coffee though.  
The food is fanastic. I liked the orange glazed sriracha wings for an appetizer.  The Bubble House cuisine is a sort of asian fusion, with everything from fish to delicious curries.  The setting is cozy and its another place that will impress a date.I only went here once, during West Philly restaurant week, and was really pretty disappointed. The decor isn't bad, but the food is mediocre at best. If I want good spring rolls, or any Asian food, I'll head to Chinatown or one of the more interesting fusion places around. It's just way to much money for food that isn't good.This place had a nice extensive menu of teas and everyone at my table had ordered different bubbles teas and drinks..eventually. The service here was so horrendous and my friends and I sat there waiting for what honestly was over 20 minutes for someone to come over and see if we wanted anything to drink. In fact, nobody ever did come over and someone at the table had to stop someone and ask where our server was. When we were given our tea it took another 10 minutes to get someone to get us sugar. The food was definitely sub par and the bread for my sandwich was stale.  The best part of the whole meal was the bubble tea but Chinatown definitely has better bubble tea. There was nothing amazing about this place and I don't think I will go back anytime soon.Now, I can't say anything about the food or service at Bubble House since I've only ever gotten take-out tea from there, but I must admit that I do enjoy their bubble tea.  It is a little bit on the expensive side, but the tea is pretty good.  Some of the flavors are not that good (I was pretty disappointed with vanilla), but most of them are pretty solid.  Overall, I've had a pretty good experience here and I'll definitely be trying their food at some point.We've been here a dozen times and love it. The food is always awesome and the service is always decent. The waiters always tend to make stupid mistakes but they are always easily corrected so I can't really complain too much.  I would recommend trying the wings, spring rolls, soups, and sandwiches.i really, really wanted to like this place. Especially since while i was walking in, there was a group of students raving about their bubble teas. unfortunately, i did not have their experience. i ordered the chai bubble tea and my bf ordered the taro bubble tea. Both the chai and taro tasted really watered down. So watered down, in fact, that we could not taste the taro flavor at all. The bubbles were severely undercooked. 
it's sad that this is the only real bubble tea option in university city. there are so many better places in chinatown. Do yourself a favor and hop on the train to chinatown if you want bubble tea.I lived down the street for a year and was never a big fan. The bubble tea is definitely really good but it's not the most comfortable or competent dining experience. You can also get much better priced bubble tea at a food truck or in China town downtown. They also were trying to get some bar business but it wasn't a good space for that.LOVE Bubble House.  I go about twice a month with my boyfriend.  Every time, I get the Korean BBQ Wraps with a side of sweet potato fries.  That's the best thing on the menu.  The burger and tilapia wrap are also good, but the Korean BBQ sauce is awesome.  And the sweet potato fries are the best ever.  It's perfect.
Their bubble teas are good too.  Chai bubble tea is my favorite.  I also like mixing the fruit flavors with the flavored bubbles, like pineapple and lychee.
Plus, they have an awesome staff.  Michael B. makes the best drinks.Overpriced, bad bubble tea, potentially poisonous food...not to mention, skunked Yuengling, which is also the most common beer in Philadelphia. This place is just not good. I never come here unless coerced by friends or New Deck, White Dog, and LTs are packed like a Moscow subway car at rush hour (which means my glasses are fogging up because of the masses combined body heat engulfing me).
That's all there is to say. If you are in the unfortunate position of having to go, only eat the sweet potato fries and drink water...maybe they should hold the ice (just kidding on the last one).
I really wished I could've gotten decent bubble tea on Penn's campus. ..too bad it'll still have to be Chinatown for now.I only come here when my friend twists my arm. The food is way overpriced and the portions tend to be small. I must agree with Ben B. that the grilled salmon is awesome. It however is a large serving! After a great work-out at Pottrock, it really hit the spot. Though I would skip the lemongrass veggie dumplings. Bland.
The back porch is lovely in the afternoon when the sun is shining. It's the only room in the establishment that doesn't feel totally cramped. For some reason the wait staff is funny about seating people back there.Y I K E S!  oh, it's a shame because the place is cute, and it's so convenient for me to get there, but i don't think i'll be back; the customer service was just awful!!  the place barely had any customers, but when my friend and i walked in we were completely ignored and we had to ask to be seated.
our waitress was actually really nice, but after she served us our food, she completely disappeared!  we figured she must have gone on break or maybe asked another staff member to check on our table, so we ate what we could of our food. ...forty-five minutes, an hour, and an hour and a half...she never came back!   finally we asked a group of employees huddled at the bubble tea bar for our check and yikes, the nasty looks we received!  
the bill was only around twelve dollars, so i gave the waiter a twenty.  when i answered, "yes," to his "do you need change?" he sighed and rolled his eyes.  ...sheesh sir!  i'm not leaving an eight-dollar tip for spotty service and really mediocre food!  he promptly went to the cash register, got our change, but then walked over to his friends and carried on a conversation.  we waited for another ten to fifteen minutes until he brought back the change, and he THREW the check/change holder (is that they're even called?!) on the table and then walked away.   heavens to betsy, who knew that two asian girls drinking tea & juice, splitting a sandwich, and then wanting to PAY FOR IT would be so infuriating?!
so coins were all over the table and of course he gave me all ones...  i thought for a split second about not leaving a tip, but then i realised that'd be pretty low, so we left two dollars.    as we were leaving he shouted, "yeah, thanks, have a nice day," but i'm sure he didn't mean this sincerely.
...lastly, i wasn't a big fan of their food.  they marinated their tofu well, but all the veggies were brown and the lettuce tasted like it was out of a bag, not so fresh.  their pearls were awful too, way too firm; i tried the non-latte pomegranate pearl drink, and the juice was so horrible, it tasted artificially sweetened and it wasn't even chilled.  my friend didn't like her banana latte pearl tea either and she really lost her appetite after seeing the cloudy crusty rim of her glass.  
my friend (who hasn't lived in america for very long) was appalled by the service and food quality, but i assured her that most places aren't nearly as bad.  i doubt i will ever return to the bubble house, and i really should have listened to my other friends who've had similarly bad experiences.  those who insist on eating here, good luck!  i hope you have a better (and a little friendlier!) time than we did!For some reason I always expect more from this place, probably because of it's neighboring restaurants to up the ante.  The food is always too sweet or too salty for my taste, is that the "fusion" aspect?  I went there for bubble tea one day with a couple of friends and they wouldn't let us sit down if we weren't ordering food, even in the lounge!  One of the guys was halfway reasonable and so we sat down anyways.  And for the namesake of "Bubble House," the bubble tea wasn't all that.Came here for lunch and left feeling pleased and satisfied.  I ordered the vegetarian hoagie with sweet potato fries.  The toasted sandwich was stuffed with sweet soy sauce marinated tofu, grilled vegetables, and melted gruyere.  The fries were slightly overfried so they were very crispy and not at all soggy like sweet potato fries tend to be.  They were served with a tart sweet & sour sauce.  My friend's crab cake was served on a bed of mixed vegetables and jasmine rice.  Not bad.
The teas are best served hot & in a pot.  My friend's bubble green tea latte was disappointing - too watery, lacking cream & froth, and the tapioca wasn't cooked all the way through.  My hot honey bush tea, on the other hand, was hot and comforting on a windy day.
Service is a little rushed but that's probably due to the place being super crowded at lunchtime.  The decor is cute - wooden benches, booths, and lots of windows.  Overall, I think that it's probably a good place to eat around the Penn campus, but nothing makes it stand out.Very pleased.  Good food great service. 
A group of 5 us walked on a very busy night. After going in the wrong entrance we were quickly helped by the staff and were seated almost immediately. Our waitress was very knowledgeable, friendly and fast. Everything we ordered, from teas, to entrees to cocktails was spot on and timely. I must say, the Drunken Muscles special was DELICIOUS (I hope they have it again)!!! 
 The staff was so warm and welcoming, even through the busyness, multiple staff said goodbye and encouraged us to return. 
Overall, I had a great time and being new to Philadelphia, it's nice to know I have a place to go for great tea, good food and a great staff!!!The Bubble House never really blew my hair back. Actually, I found it peculiar that it's supposed to be Vietnamese-inspired since it's truly so far from it.
When I used to live in University, the wealthier folk considered this a restaurant, others just acted like a coffee shop. From what I gathered for food, it was ehhhh. For coffee, nothing to write home about. To me, The Bubble House was always the weakest link on Sansom Street, and while there certainly are people who love it, it never really did much for me.I can officially rate the food now!  Today I had one of the best Crab Cake sandwiches I've ever had in Philadelphia!  I was shocked that it was mostly crab!  They have sweet potato fries with an amazing orange ginger dip that was really tasty too.  Best part, the waitress ran after me to give me back my ATM card...  Luckily I was only 1/2 down the block!The funny thing about Bubble House is the bubble tea is the worst thing they serve. It is bland, even when I have paid extra for fresh tea, and the tapioca is usually undercooked. As a rule, stick with chinatown for bubble tea. 
The service usually sucks about as much as at the Cosi down the street. What I've heard from many servers all over the city is that Penn students are the worst tippers, so it isn't surprising to get a bitter waitress in University City.
Bubble House gets two stars for their sweet potato fries and cucumber salad.Ok, I may be a boba snob because I have lived in various lands of boba (Taiwan, Cerritos, and then SF Bay Area).  But even my melanin-deprived husband from Central Pennsylvania can agree with me that the boba from this joint is horrible and overpriced!  If I am going to pay $4 for my cup of boba milk tea, I expect it to at least taste like it.  But noooooo!  The tapioca balls almost broke my teeth, and the milk tea tasted like one part decent-tasting milk tea mixed with four parts tepid water.  Yuck!  Save yourselves and take the trip to Chinatown yall.I've eaten here probably three times, and been here for numerous work-related events. The food is a bit pricey, and frankly not that tasty. The bubble tea is okay though. Each day they have a discounted bubble tea special, which might be worth considering. As for atmosphere, this place tends to blast the music, which can make it difficult to talk. It seems to want to go for a dance atmosphere, but doesn't have a layout conducive to dancing.
The one redeeming quality of this place is that the restaurant has a nice greenhouse layout. There is a lot of exposure to natural light, so on a bright summer day, The Bubble House can be a pretty place to eat.I really did used to like this place, but the last time we went, the bubbles were uncooked, the fries were cold, and we spotted a mouse. No thanks!I went to The Bubble House on a night when it was very empty.  Our server was very nice and pretty prompt... hopefully.
The food was good.. it was a great chance to try asian-inspired meals that I wouldn't have tried before.
The best part though, was they served alcohol and not just alcohol but locally-brewed beers - i.e. Dock Street.  I was totally won over by that.
I also really loved the ambiance... the color of the hardwood floors, and the tables positioned next to huge windows overlooking University City - nice.I adore the Bubble House. Well, more to the point, I adore their bubble tea. I make the trek west just for their syrupy sweet technicolor concoctions chock full of chewy tapioca goodness. I've eaten there a few times and the food was tasty, but more often than not I grab a couple of cups to go. It's the best bubble tea in town.Went back with my fiancee and had to report back from the field.
And to quote Pulp Fiction, "My, my, What a tasty burger!!" 
The almond latte bubble tea was AMAZING! Korean BBQ wrap was okay, the highlight was definately the sweet potato fries! LOVED them. Just as good as Good Dog's version.
He had the burger, and although he was hesistant about the Japanese hot sauce, it provided a nice flavor without generating too much heat. Surprisingly delicious. Smoked gouda and foccia bread were nice touches. On the other hand, he did not like the sauce that came with the sweet potatoes fries--felt it was sweet with sweet and suggested the pepper aioli accompiment, a la The Royal Tavern. These were his words, and this Craig LaBan wannabe will have to get his own Yelp account soon.... (Obviously he cooks and I clean, so he's more qualified to report on that aspect.)
Service was superb, along with a laid back vibe. Loved the booths in the back!
Bottom line--when you go, get the burger, and don't be afraid by the Japanese hot sauce, and an almond latte bubble tea!!!Every dining experience I've had at the Bubble House has been great! They're really accommodating to the students (most of the time I am on a time crunch). I always order the salmon salad with mango salsa and a honey dew bubble tea. The servers are great too. Try it out definitely!I tried to have lunch here today, to no avail. 
We stood around for 5 minutes waiting to be seated while various staff members walked by. Once someone finally deigned to seat us, we sat around for another 10 minutes before someone came by to take our order. Our drinks (a soda and a water) were prompt, but then we waited for more than half an hour for any sign of our food--we both ordered the grilled chicken wrap, so it's not as if it was something difficult. 
When we finally managed to catch our waitress's attention, we told her that we had a class to get to and asked if our food would be up soon--she assured us it would be right up, and at our request brought our check. We waited a while longer, then asked for our food to be boxed so we could take it to go. 
10 minutes later, no food--and our waitress acted totally perplexed when we asked her where it was. She then disappeared. We had tried to pay for our food so we could leave as soon as we got it, but the guy at the counter said only our waitress could ring us up. With no waitress or food in sight, we left.
Also, their water tastes like hose water. Which may be fine when you're 8 and have been playing outside all day, but is kind of gross as an adult in a restaurant.This is the kind of place you need to go to see what the hype is about... once you try it for yourself you can decide if it's worth it or not.
It's convenient if you are in the area, it's rather pricey for what you're getting. The food is good but nothing too much to rave about.
Just take the time and head to chinatown, there are a dozen places that are a thousand times better than this generic bubble house...I used to frequent the Bubble House more regularly, however, lately the prices have gone up and the quality of the food and drinks have gone down. The food has particularly become more stingy as far as serving size and higher prices.  For example, the vegetarian hoagie, while still tasty, does not even have a full roll of bread anymore.  It comes served on a half piece of bread and is nearly impossible to eat as a sandwich.  Also, the sweet potato fries are not as good as I remember.
I haven't eaten an entree there in a while, but the tofu dishes used to be very good. They do have a large number of vegetarian options on the menu, which is a plus for anyone interested.
As for bubble tea, the quality varies greatly based on the person making them.  Sometimes the tea is really good and sometimes it is really watery.  The tea here is not authentic, but I don't think it's a fault because they have some pretty original flavors.  The tea here is different from Chinatown or the like because it is not the frozen-slushy consistency, the bubbles are affected by the temperature of the drink, and there are more flavors.  I really like the chai, watermelon, and strawberry lemonade flavors.  
Overall, I'd still be willing to go to the Bubble House occasionally, however, it just isn't the same as it used to be.  Also the service (as noted already by other reviewers) is pretty consistently bad.I have three words about this place. WHAT. THE. HELL. 
I was actually contemplating giving this place 3 stars, but when I thought about it...all these bad things came to mind and I dropped my rating to 1 star.
We walked in at 11:30, I guess right when the place opens, and three (!) people were sitting at the front, paying us no mind. Seriously, not even a greeting. I had time to read down their list of teas before looking back at the three girls sitting there. After staring at each other for about 20 seconds, I said to them, "So...do we seat ourselves?" One got up and walked over to the hostess stand, got menus, and seated us. 
Our waitress + trainee came, and they were pretty cool. Service was good, but it had better be since we were the first two people there...and no one showed up until a good 30 minutes after.
As for the drinks and food, yikes! Hella watered down milk tea (aka "latte") with undercooked boba that kept getting stuck in my straw. At one point, it was either splash by blowing out or choke by sucking in. I chose the former. At $3.50, this was not worth it. And to make things worse, I got a sugar-free coconut drink, which tasted slightly better than the regular strawberry milk tea my husband ordered. Weird.
I had their Thai curry that was watered down as well. My husband had the marinated burger with sweet potato fries, which was sooo much better than what I had (and who throws the rice in with the curry?? This was like curry soup with rice). Granted, it's hard to mess up sweet potato fries, but they were so good that I had to get a to-go order.
With two milk teas, lunch, and my to-go order, our total was a whopping $40. FORTY DOLLARS!!!!!!!! Not including tip! I wanted to throw myself out the window.This place has a really cute atmosphere, whether you are dining in or taking out. The bubble tea itself is priced pretty standard, but on the high side. I'd recommend getting it in fros-tea form, that's how you'd get the most for your money.  Most of the flavors just don't taste right, though and the bubbles can taste old and stale often.  The last couple times I've been here have been okay...portions range from decent to extremely small. My friend ordered the bimbimbap, and it was probably 1/4th of a normal portion for about 2x the price at other places. I got the almond crusted ahi tuna salad and it was pretty delicious, but also on the small side. The ahituna was pretty good, although not as fresh as it could be. All in all, I wouldn't not go to Bubble Tea House again but I wouldn't really recommend it either.I don't have much to say about this place since it's been a while since I went there, but it was enough to never want to go back and to find it on here to write a terrible review.  I do remember that the bubble tea was the worste I've ever had and tasted like paint balls, and that the staff was nonexistant.  How do places like this survive?  Seriously, this place and My Thai amaze me with how they haven't been run out of business yet.