My favorite happy hour spot. Discovered how amazing all the appetizers are back in summer 2011 center city sips (great time to check out all the different center city happy hour spots). The mac & cheese is great!
They have a great selection of beers on tap and bottles. The food is superb! If you're looking for a private party space, they have a cozy basement space with a personal bar. Only thing is occasionally you'll have some crashers who want to use the ATM and restroom (even though there is one on the second floor and 2 on the 3rd)
Just go! You won't be disappointedWent here the other day with some friends for a bite and a drink. Service was great as where the drinks ;) Will definitely be back!I held my husband's surprise birthday party for about 35 people in the basement bar at Black Sheep. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. From the first call I placed to inquire about hosting the party and spoke with James, the owner, to the night of the party where Adam, our bartender, made sure all went smoothly, everyone I dealt with was fantastic. Overall, a great experience.Hello James, 
I'll stop to eat next trip to Philadelphia - you make it sound welcoming!  Thanks for responding.3 bars on 3 different levels means there's always place to spread out. Different bars on tap and usually friendly waitstaff. The perfect neighborhood bar.
Grab a beer here while you wait for your table at Monk's!Place is great.. food was good and wings are killer. It does get very crowded later in the evening..Black Sheep is a cool place if you like dark bars.  (Which you know I do!)  I have had dinner here and it's good for basics (burgers/chicken fingers.)  It can get pretty crowded since it's not huge, but try the downstairs bar if the main room is packed.This is a small, cozy bar, with, I think, three floors.  I've been here four times, and each time has been a good experience.  The mac n' cheese is amazing.  It's very close to going on that list of foods that I'd want at my last meal.  I had the bangers n' mash the last time I was there, and was extremely happy with them.  The pork sausages were perfectly cooked, and packed with deliciousness.
Service is good, and the only reason I dinged them a star is that their beer selection is really, really small.  They're not putting on airs about being a world class beer bar, but frankly, they're just lacking in this department.  They've got Guinness, and a couple other good beers, but six or seven beers doesn't really cut it, anymore.  Bump up the draught beer list, or get a decent bottle selection, and then I'll bump you guys back up to four stars.Went here last night for the first time.  Service was crazy slow, and to quote-up Zanna "it took a year and a day to get" our food.  I guess we were supposed to "understand" that our server was also the bartender and we were suppose to "know" that because of this service was going to be devastating slow.  But seriously, are you serious?  
Anyways, the server finally came over and she was like, frazzled and all and asked for us to give our order.  We said 'em, she didn't write 'em down, 20 (!!!) minutes later another server came to ask what we had ordered just to "go over our order again."  Is my review just like Zanna's?  Sorry.   
Anyways, food FINALLY CAME OUT.  I was famished.  I was stoked to see that Fish and Chips was a very nice plate of fish and chips.  The fish was a massive fillet that was nice and crisp but not too flavorful (yay for malt vinegar) and the chips were very well seasoned.  Great for $11.  The BF got gazpacho and it was nice and flavorful as well.  I don't like gazpach that much, but his was yummy.  I don't like cold soups.  Ew. 
Anyways, I might be back to explore the other floors.  SERVICE was horrible.  We left her a "You've Been Yelped" card.Despite a recent renovation, the Black Sheep is dingy and dirty and the sloppiest, most unattractive hostess (that is until I saw our waitress) sat us at our table upstairs. Although it was 10 pm on a Wednesday night, she was hesitant about sitting a party of two at a large table. Perhaps she was expecting a sudden stream of late night diners. The waitress was as sloppy and disheveled as the hostess. No makeup, no hairstyle and clothes that looked as though she found them on the street. I ordered something from the menu that did not have goat cheese listed as one of its ingredients, but she argued with me that the menu did have it listed. I showed her the menu and corrected her. She was rude and had a nasty attitude. I guess I would too if I looked like her. It was $30 for a burger, a salad and two Diet Cokes.The staff is arrogant, the place is filthy and the food is perfect for those who don't care about their health or appearance and like to stuff their faces with a bunch of high fat, high cholesterol, high calorie greasy food. No thanks.Honestly for an out of towner looking for a good pub - this is just that. A pub with nice beer and greasy food at decent prices. In the middle of a Saturday afternoon the bar area was 3/4 full or more and lively enough without being packed. Service was attentive, folks were friendly - if you can say that in Philly. I had a couple different beers Yards Pale Ale and Newcastle Summer Blonde Ale then because I ran a 5K earlier in the day in Brooklyn - I felt like some greasy bar food. I had the Cheesesteak Spring Rolls and the Garlic Fries. I my guilty pleasure is Garlic Fries. The fries were a bit different but had plenty of garlic and I must admit - I really liked them. The Spring Rolls were OK - I actually had some better in Manhattan, but no complaints. I didn't eat all of either needless to say, but exactly what I was looking for at 4pm in the afternoon.Really great neighborhood place! Food and drinks are better than expected. It's a laid back place to relax with great and friendly service.My favorite pub in center city. They play awesome music here and the table service is good. The pub food tends to be a little more upscale that most of the others around Philly, but it's pretty damn good food so its worth it. The fries are amazing and are the perfect accompaniment to late night drinking.The drink menu is nothing special, but the filet mignon sliders with fries are delicious. Service is frequent and warm. The atmosphere wasn't my thing, but it was (loudly) buzzing with conversation the whole time, so at least there's a crowd.
I'd probably go here again for a late night snack, but otherwise I'll stay away. There's a $15 minimum to use a card.Warm and cozy.. Blazing fireplace.  Great New Year's Day stop for football and an eclectic crowd.  Old to young.  Straight to gay.  Jeans to topcoats.  Cheap drinks.  Nice microbrews.  What you'd expect from an Irish Pub.  Check out cool bar in basement.  Sexy spot for late night shenanigans. Xoxo.I really liked the layout of this place.  It was kind of like a maze of floors, which was rather neat.  
My experience here was not the best - my main complaint was with the service which was exceedingly slow.  The food was just average & kinda bland, although I have to say the portions were pretty generous.  The price was nothing to complain about at all, but all the same I have little interest in making a repeat visit.Well the food was average bar food, only problem was it took a year & a day to get it. The bartender was also the waitress and she was just too overwhelmed for a full house and a large group. Not a good sign when someone is sent over 20 minutes after the order was initially taken to re-ask what was ordered.
The upstairs decor was cozy & well lit. 
All in all I was not impressed and will probably not wander back.Went  there on Thursday Afternoon about 4PM for a couple drinks...not a huge tap selection, maybe 8, but they use their taps well.  They had a nice selection of newly released Christmas seasonals, I had the Troegs Mad Elf, Anchor Christmas Ale and Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale...a nice way to start off December.  I ordered the Lamb Tacos and they were spectacular and very tasty.  The crowd seemed to be a bunch of regulars and the bar tenders seemed to be very familiar with them, but not to the point where I felt left out...I'd definitely go back, may not be an ideal place for a date, but a terrific place to grab a quick bite and a couple of beers when wandering around center city philadephia.This place gets 5 stars for the macaroni and cheese, 1 star for the fact that our bartender kept leaving the bar for extended periods of time so we couldn't order anything.  Someone actually had to go find an employee to have them send her back up.  This may be the best mac and cheese I've ever had at a restaurant.  And don't be fooled by it being listed as an appetizer, it's big enough for a meal.  Go eat it!  Now!Great food and atmosphere.  The Ruben spring rolls are excellent. Service was very good. Strongly  recommend this as a food stop for night of enjoying irish bars.I'd give the Black Sheep another try. But next time, I'd do it in a group of less than 25 people. We came on a Thursday night, expecting to immediately take over the downstairs section at around 5:30PM. But come to find out, it did not open up until at least 7PM, even later depending on when the bartender got in and got set up.
Our server was as kind as she could be with a whole mess of rowdy professionals on their third beer, wanting to escape her section for the freedom and convenience of the downstairs bar.
Aside from the crowded conditions, and the sometimes surly service, the Black Sheep has plenty to offer from great beers on tap to pub food abounding to entrees straight out of Ireland. I'd been here for dinner before and had a relatively good experience then, so I'm not denying that you can have a great night at the Black Sheep. Just don't show up with 25 of your closest friends at happy hour and expect to find seats. It ain't happening.Decent spot for beers and food. The burger is underwhelming, but some of their British fare will satiate you just fine.
This place certainly won't knock your proverbial socks off, though it is a locale to see and be seen.Solid pub right outside of rittenhouse square. Been once before for drinks but this time came back to test out the food. Ordered the app sampler and filet sliders. Definitely hit the spot. Great flavor on the wings. Quesadilla was really tasty. Wasn't a big fan of the cheesesteak rolls. We also ordered the Mac and cheese. It was delicious - super cheesy and melt in your mouth good. Eat it!I wanted to like the food here. We ordered fish and chips and lamb stew. Let's just say I won't be recommending it. Go there for a pint or two on the main floor but the second floor dining room was a bit of a mess and drafty too.Came here for birthday party down in the basement. Place is nice but very small. Gets packed quickly! Parking sucks. The basement is sweet tho. Feels like your hanging out at your friends basement in high school. The location is their key to their sucess but still your basic pub. The crab cake balls are good because they are lightly battered so it tasted like you  we're in Maryland.I always like the chill ambiance of this pub. It's nestled off on a quieter part of 17th street and you could actually miss the sign if you aren't paying attention. 
I ordered a dirty martini and the seared tuna salad with shaved celery and beets on Bibb lettuce and my friends had the black sheep burger with Gouda and a portabella mushroom... Both were very tasty. In fact my friend said that it was the best burger in the city!Great for Manchester United games! Heard that the local support group for ManU gathered here for the games so we decided we'd check it out. First, it was awesome that they opened up early for the game! I mean who doesn't love brunch and a beer. As we walked in we easily grabbed a table with a great view of the biggest tv. Bartender greeted us with food and drink menus immediately and shortly after that, so did the head of the ManU support group. I ordered the grilled pork roll egg and cheese sandwich and loved every last bite of it!! There weren't really any drink specials for the day so the beer was a bit more than expected, but I've read they do offer great specials during the week. There was an upstairs and a downstairs, that sadly enough, I did not have the experience to check out so I will need to go back again! Definitely a great dive-y bar and especially great for the ManU games. If you are a ManU fan or a soccer fan in general, you must check out Black Sheep Pub during a match!I like Black Sheep. Unfortunately I have negative associations due to hitting the absinthe at Parc a little too hard one night before going and then spent a considerable amount of time in the bathroom. But that is neither here nor there.
Good bar food (the cheeseburger especially sticks out in my mind) and a good beer selection, with a friendly unpretentious clientele, makes this a spot I wish I got to more often. And I hear they have Quizzo? Yes please.My husband and I eat at the Black Sheep about six times a year.  Most times the food is  good and I love the atmosphere.  However, the last time we and two guests ate here for brunch on 8/14/16, three of the four of us felt that the food was so salty that we couldn't taste or enjoy it.  Maybe it was just an off day, but I think I exceeded my RDA of sodium for the week in this one brunch!My favorite weeknight Philly haunt!!! 
Where to start... I've had makeout sessions here, jumped out the window, nearly killed myself going down the steps to the wc, danced to the jukebox, fallen asleep in the back and of course... drunk and merry.
It's a typical Philly row-home-turned-irish-style-pub. There's a great fireplace in the back I've never seen lit, and around it are huge, heavy wooden bench seating around 4 massive tables. It's good for a big group. Smaller tables up front and more seating upstairs for proper dining. 
In the front part of the bar are two side windowledges which are perfect to perch on. Forewarning, ledge is about 7 feet from the ground, so if you jump out of them, don't do it in high heels. 
Good beer list though it seems to lack local brews. I'm not much of a beer drinker so it doesn't matter. They carry Pimm's!! The bartenders are fun. (Ask for Eileen by singing or screaming "COME ON EILEEN!!!" She loves that.)
Try the filet and goat cheese sliders. So delicious!!! Food here is much nicer than typical bar fare. The mac and cheese is freshly baked with a good sharp cheddar, there's goat cheese on more than just the sliders, the lamb shank looked delicious though I haven't had it. 
I wish they had outdoor seating. It was such a beautiful spring night the other night which is how i discovered prime window-ledge seating.Great place for drinks (I've never had food here). It's a nice and quaint place that's perfect for drinks with a small group. There is plenty of table space, great beers on tap, and wonderful service. It's a dark and quiet ambiance...perfect for conversation.A group of Yelpers and I were all appalled at the level of service we received at this establishment. From the start this hovel of mediocrity fell on its face by not seating us at all; the hostess was not even at the door. We seated ourselves. Once we were in, the bar-tending waitress, who seemed to be running the show upstairs, took our drink orders, all the while giving off the aura of disdain and employment-regret that could sear hair off.
We had to wait around for over 30 min for someone to take our actual orders and after I took it upon myself to express to the waitress that were getting antsy. The forceful OK and stare I got back did tick me off but I decided I wouldn't make a huge deal of it. I gave her a well-timed "Alright, [pause] Thank You" until she broke eye contact and went back to our table. Not a pleasant experience. Even after all of this, someone was sent to "confirm" our orders 10 min later.
When we finally received the food it didn't impress me terribly. The Fish and Chips plate was plentiful but the fish itself was somewhat greasy and bland. However, the Humus platter was huge and pretty darn tasty (but nothing that can't be found elsewhere). Decent prices though.
The dcor of this place was as mediocre as was everything else about it. Wooden booths and low lighting define this place, as well as ever other pub everywhere else; the only distinction being the occasional framed picture of a sheep.
(I must admit I did not get to see much of the lower floor and dined upstairs)
The upstairs had large windows that may open to take in some night air - but they were closed when we were there. 
My advice, if you're in the neighborhood go to Monk's just around the corner. Price point may differ but hell, so does quality!food is meh. beer selection is average. like everyone says have a beer while you wait at monks
ps the bathroom has weird mc escher steps to nowhereI think the Black Sheep is my favorite in the city. They have yummy food (especially the fries), the first floor is lovely and bright when it's nice weather because of the big windows, and there are 3 floors so usually you can find a spot somewhere to have a drink.I have stopped by a few times since moving into Rittenhouse Square looking for a friendly pub. In my first two visits during the Spring, the bartenders were nice, friendly and welcoming. This past Fall and Winter, the staff made me feel like an imposition. They were more content sitting/standing on the side of the bar talking about their days and nights and, dare I mention, making fun of customers rather than acknowledging paying attention to the bar of customers. One gentlemen had to ask numerous times to pay his tab (it was not busy). This was my last try at The Black Sheep and will stay with Twenty Manning Grill.I lived around the corner from Black Sheep for two+ years, and I wanted to like it.  Everytime I went, I wanted to like it.  But everytime I left...yeah, not so much.  Part of the problem is the plethora of better bars nearby, most notably Good Dog, Monk's, Tangier, and, of course, McGlinchey's.  Another issue: hostess seating in the main room at all times - why?  It's a bar, just let people come in, get a beer, and sit where they find a seat.
But the bigger problem is the clientele.  Not exactly a neighborhood (or city) crowd.  For whatever reason this place draws an "older" crowd, and not in a good way.  And when the crowd is younger, it seems as though all of them crossed the Ben Franklin Bridge to get there.
Food: american cheese in the Quesadilla is never, never ok. Let that be your indication.
Long story short: there's better bars.When contemplating a pregame spot for the Yelp 10th bash, I was glad when some good friends invited me to meet at black sheep for a number of reasons.
First it was spending time with good friends instead of drinking alone like an asshole. Second, in order to keep my elite status, I need to review things and in order to review things, I actually have to go somewhere, otherwise I'm reviewing another damn McDonalds. 
Lastly, since I never go out, eating out is a treat I relish and Black Sheep didn't disappoint. I had a happy hour Guinness and 2 of their $5 apps ( wings and cheesesteak spring rolls). Both were out of this world. I'd go so far as to say that the wings rivaled the best I've ever had. 
So mark Black Sheep as a new go to pub in Philly. They had me at $5.Place looks like a speak easy from outside. I went on trivia night, it was fun, didn't try the food.I stopped in here for a couple of beers and a snack after seeing a performance on Broad Street. I wanted to stop in a bar around the corner but it was full as per usual and so I decided to try this place. The bar had an alright selection of beers on tap and the prices weren't bad. 
I got an order of garlic fries too. The order was huuuuge. In truth the fries are more like thick cut chips but they were still pretty darn good and very garlicky. It came with a tasty dipping sauce too. 
I'd probably stop in for a drink another time, despite the fact that the night I was there the bar was overrun by rather obnoxious 20 something girls in large groups all talking loudly and being obnoxious in ways that only white girls of a certain tax bracket can be. But, needless to say, the place wasn't totally overrun with twits.I came here for a Center City Sips happy hour. It has a very cozy sports pub-ish atmosphere. The servers were extremely polite and I thought the service was pretty good.
I like that they have Stella and Hoegarden on tap, and they have a number of affordable bar food options that are big enough to share, like baked mac and cheese (which I thought was delicious) and garlic fries (also good).
Overall, seems like a pretty good place for a casual happy hour and bite - the sips deal was great, but I don't know if I'd come here if the prices were too much higher.This is by far my favorite restaurant in Philly! I love mac n cheese and usually try it out at every restaurant I go to but Black Sheeps mac c cheese is by far the best I've ever had! I've also had their quesadillas, which are really good and their vegtable sandwhich is amazing. They also have a really good beer selection. 
I've never gone here for a night out but I've been here countless times for dinner and once for brunch. It can get a bit crowded but its worth it (and this is coming from someone who hates crowds).one tiny piece of cod - $14 "fish" and chips.  yeah right.I'll be honest.  I'm not a fan of the owner or management.  My husband and I would go here once or twice a week for over a year with a large group of friends.  When we got engaged, we decided to have our reception there.  Menu was planned, meetings were had, and we were getting ready to give them the deposit when the owner decided that we weren't worth it.  I guess a guaranteed 200 people eating wasn't enough for him.
We didn't go back for a long time (over a year) since we sort of felt like we weren't valuable to them after all the money we spent there.
We went back the other night for the first time in a long time.  And I have to say that Eileen won us back.  She was one of the regular waitresses that served us back in the day.  
Eileen remembered that I liked diet soda and she remembered what we always ordered for dinner.  She also remembered that we like extra honey mustard sauce for our fries!  When we arrived she was happy to see us, asked us how we were, and throughout dinner she kept up with what we needed, rarely interrupting conversation.  It was pretty busy that night, and she also kept up with all the other tables that she was serving.
It is rare to get such great service anywhere, especially in Philly at the price point that Black Sheep serves.  But Eileen gave us such great service.  It was personal, professional, and just delightful.  And so, as I said before, Eileen won us back.  I can also pretty much guarantee that if we go in and she's not there, we won't be either.A comfortable atmosphere, excellent menu, food well prepared and reasonable, good service.   My favorite is Taco Tuesday.   Their tacos are the very best.I took a bunch of yelp people here after an Elite Happy hour because I kind of like this place.  We had horrible service, from the hostess not being at the door so we had to fend for ourselves, to having horrible slow service upstairs, to the fucking disgustingly weak mixed drinks.   It's a shame because my previous experiences with this place have been ok and I like the food.  I will probably not go back unless desperate with Fado being only a couple of blocks away.We went there Sunday for lunch.  I would have thought an hour would have been enough time for lunch, but 40min later - still no food.  I ordered the fish n chips, and my wife ordered a bacon cheeseburger.  Her burger was pretty much a hockey puck,  my fish on the other hand was on the "rare" side.  Safe to eat, but could have been better done.  The crust on the fish struck my like the oil could have been changed sooner.  On the up side the waitress was cheery - albeit not quite on top of things, the venue was very pleasant.  I wanted to really like the place but Meh.Yummy Food:   Have eaten here many times.  Had the Fish and Chips, Mac and Cheese and Shepherds Pie.   Can't go wrong.  Bring an appetite!   Wash it all down with their many beers on tap.The Black Sheep is my home away from home.  Rarely can one find a spot that is acceptable to visit morning, noon and night.  
Staff: The staff at BS is legit.... they are witty, smart and accommodating.    
Events: It's a wonderful place to have a function/birthday party.  They offer great specials, and have a basement that can be used for private functions. 
Day time meal:
I highly recommend getting the sheep salad for lunch or dinner some time. Delicioso! 
Sunday Funday: The brunch can't be beat.  It's usually not too crowded and the menu options range from creative to classic.... 
Atmosphere/Ambience: BS is so cozy in the fall, winter and early spring.  The fireplace on the main floor really sets the tone.  I also love all of the little nooks and crannies.Normally I would say that Black Sheep is a fine, low key bar with a good beer list and chill atmosphere.  Like others have said, it houses the spill over from Monks, which isn't a bad thing.
However, after a recent visit, and also in face of the increasing number of gastropubs and good beer bars across the city, I'd have to say pass on this one (unless waiting for Monks).  The apps were sub-par, the guacamole was just gross and when one bathroom was out order, the alternative had a flooded floor complete with no toilet paper and a dead cockroach.Long overdue review.  From the staff, to the drink selection, to the food.  Everything at The Black Sheep is great!  No matter what time of day you are here you are guaranteed to find a lively, and most importantly friendly atmosphere.  Highly recommended.Perhaps I caught this place on an off night, but the service was abysmal and the food was mediocre at best. The really off putting aspect of the experience was being ignored by the server and having to go to the bar for drinks only to be ignored again. Lastly, the tap was down, so there were no drafts. Time for some quality control.The food and beer is all good at Black Sheep, there is no doubt about that. Whenever I'm asked where to find the best mac and cheese in the city I invariably mention Black Sheep in my top three. The Guinness stew is good, although not great but the portion size is ridiculous. The real way to my heart over the years has been the St. Patrick's Day special of corned beef and cabbage. I searched the city for it when I first moved to Philadelphia and Black Sheep has been the only consistent provider of it. Over the years the corned beef has evolved into the current gourmet version which I was disappointed by this past St. Patrick's day but it was still good. Given that they need to cater to the area I wasn't surprised by the change but just a little disappointed. The only downside I have to Black Sheep is the price of beer. The draft list is fine but the prices are a little steep. In my opinion, I shouldn't pay close to $6 for a Smithwick's regardless of the day. Aside from that I would visit Black Sheep anytime. It is a real fix when you're craving comfort food and a nice bar.This was a fine place for some pints of Guinness and some fish and chips. 
We found a table in the back on the ground floor back by the fireplace. The waitress was very attentive, checking back multiple times for drink orders, not just waiting for the whole table to finish their beers. 
I ordered the fish and chips. The fish was one over sized piece that was perfectly prepared. The fries were just crispy enough, not greasy, and generally a great pairing for the fish. 
There was a loud table near ours, so its not the place for a quiet drink if that's what you want. 
Four stars, I'll be back.I come here JUST for the mac and cheese. It's the best I've had in the city. Seriously. I don't know what's in it or how they do it, but it's out of this world. We recently went for brunch and it wasn't on the brunch menu, but the waitress said that was just a mistake and they do serve it for brunch/lunch. Don't hesitate to ask! Anyway, their other food is also good, and they've got plenty to drink, but it's all about that cheesy macaroni for me. They also have a fireplace, which is super cool when it's chilly out. There's lots of seating, if that's something you're worried about. Definitely try this place at least once!I've been here for brunch twice and I love it. The service is awesome and the food is great. Also, how can you beat $4 Bloody Mary's and Mimosas?I stopped by here yesterday afternoon for brunch with a friend. The place is kind of small, but it has a friendly atmosphere. Since it was absolutely freezing, we sat near the fire place. Their brunch cocktails are $5 and are a good size. Taste wise, they were decent. I ordered the pork roll, over easy egg, and cheese on a brioche bun. It was accompanied with fries. The chipotle (?) mayo served with this was absolute delicious. Being from Jersey, this meal was right up my alley. Overall, I had a good experience, and would recommend to someone who was in the area and wanted a quick bite to eat.I almost came here for quizzo a bunch of times, but I'm perpetually late.  It was so crowded by the time I got there--I decided to bail.
I was here this past week for dinner by recommendation from a friend, whom urged me to try their great burger.  
The waitress was awesome.  She seemed to be happy working there, so good.  
We ordered the tomato soup first.  It was an awesome purée, but they should probably mention by word of mouth or on the menu that it is purely half jalapeño purée.  We even inquired about it.  Mouth on fire, and far too much heat for a simple soup(in my opinion).  It could have been amazing, having a nice consistency. 
The bangers and mash looked like a plate of sludge.  Couldn't look at it.
I ordered the burger medium rare; nothing fancy.  Came out gray, rock solid, and greasy.  The meat tasted bad, too.  Really, poor quality.  I asked the waitress for a new one medium rare...at this point I'm starving. 
She politely apologized and took it away.  
About a minute later a RUDE guy with curly,mid length,dirty blonde hair basically tosses some uncooked meat onto the table with a snarl.  This was clearly in edible, and I was afraid he did something to it, for real.  I had to tell the waitress again it was now uncooked... Not just undercooked.  She was extremely apologetic, again.  She offered anything on the menu on the house.  I politely declined.  That guy came out again to give me another dirty look....weirdo.
NEVER again.  
Five stars to our sweet waitress, thank you.Came here for last summer.  The food was good and the drinks were okay.  Went in again for a quick bite, a cuban and fries.  Delicious!I play quizzo (yay Johnny Goodtimes!)  here during summer Wednesday nights and I catch a lot of brunch here on the weekends throughout the year.  The sliders are by far my favorite items.  Keep coming back to check out the food and beer menu as it is seasonal and changes frequently.  This summer, I wish I saw the tomato and mozzarella salad again, but the skirt steak salad was just as good.  I also love the Irish Breakfast.  Reminds me of being back in Ireland.  This is my second favorite neighborhood bar.  Love the bar, sweet location, great service, I heart the Sheep!Great pub!  Good selection of beers.  Nice staff.  The food is always fresh and delicious.  The burgers are wonderful and HUGE.  The garlic fries are giant wedges of potato fried and smothered in chopped garlic and herbs.  So much garlic that they are not for the faint of heart!  They smell so good that others in the bar came by to ask what we had.  
Skip the hummus.  It's not bad, but you can get better elsewhere and they do other things better.  Same for the sambal chicken wings.
But do remember the garlic fries.I had a very fun night here a few weekends back with friends who just needed to get lose, and Black Sheep was the perfect venue!
It's small, so don't think you're going to have a lot of space to cut a rug- but the small staff proved victorious against my party of 80 (I'm not lying!).  The drinks were tasty and strong, and the fries, garlic fries to be exact, were amazing! :)
There was plenty of space for people to sit down at a table or stand near the bar, but considering how crowded it was- the wait wasn't that bad.
I'd definitely go back to throw a few back with friends!Great location, traditional Irish ambiance ,it brought me back to Dublin for a quick second . The menu is quite simple, your basics pub food, nothing out of the ordinary, a much emphasis on the drinks selection.Great place to grab a beer, as they have a great selection.  Happy Hour is also good with discount food and drinks.  Great vibe, and free Wi-FiThis place is a great local spot for drinks. Their food is typical bar food, nothing special. This place is more for the atmosphere of an old Irish bar. It's oddly crowded during the day usually. There are plenty of high top tables to sit at or some other tables if your going to eat. I did have one bad experience here at night where the downstairs bar wouldn't serve us drinks because he wanted to close so we have to go to the upstairs bar and bring them back down. This was pretty early in the night and they were very rude about it. Other than that I still come back to this place for the atmosphere.This place is a block away from my apartment, so I've been there a handful of times, and everything is always mediocre. 
It's a small cozy bar that has a number of draft beers and a decent food menu. Do not get their sweet potato fries! My excitement dwindled fairly quickly when I realized they were so fried up, it was like eating stringy crackers. I prefer sweet potato fries to be plump.
Their calamari is not fresh, salad oversized but nothing special, and chicken tenders flavorless. 
If you are looking for good food and drinks, look elsewhere.What a great little spot! 
We came on the recommendation of a girl from City Sports who did not hesitate in saying Blacksheep when asked where to eat, and were not disappointed. 
Upon our servers recommendation I had a Dirty Hoe (Hoegaarden and Lambic Frambois) which was amazing and everything she said it would be. She even helped us pick out our meals.
I had the sesame seared tuna sandwich which was everything I could have possibly wanted. The fish was perfectly cooked, the pickled slaw added a tangy bite and the roll served it well. I skipped the wasabi mayo since horseradish = death but if that's your thing go for it. I also added a side of the curry fry dipping sauce which I would have bathed in had the container been large enough.
My friend got the Guiness battered cod sandwich and it too was amazing. Light cod, perfectly fried and delectable. 
Service was great our waitress was personable, friendly, full of information, and genuinely seemed happy to be there. She also had a rad phoenix tattoo so you know she's good people ;)
I would go back for sure! It's a shame I don't live closer to do so more often.Went here for sunday breakfast (at noon) and it was cheap and tasty.  Ate by the bar as the upstairs was closed.  $5 Mimosas and there were a bunch of Sunday specials but I just ordered some eggs and toast.  There were a bunch of regulars there talking to the bartender and having a good time and that was nice to see.I love the Happy Hour specials here (M-F starting at 4pm)!!! $5 for great portions and the food comes quick- and it's DELICIOUS which is awesome since I work in the area and usually have a limited amount of time.  I am always impressed by the fast and friendly service.The Black Sheep is one of the locations that Drinkable Arts hosts their painting parties. Long story short, when the class got canceled last minute, my group was still left with a great happy hour opportunity. 
You've probably read that Black Sheep has three floors. The paint party was supposed to be in the basement, so we ended up down there on the couches surrounding a small coffee-table like of table. It was cozy down there, almost like someone's well decorated bar themed basement. We were the only patrons downstairs so it really did seem like were in someone's cozy basement. 
There were various specials for happy hour, but the Tröegs Blizzard of Hops Winter IPA caught my eye. It's normally $6, which isn't bad at all. However it ended up being $1 off for happy hour. Sweet! 
We ordered several appetizers for the table including the mac n cheese, Brussel sprouts and the veggie quesadilla. Based on what everyone said about the mac n cheese, I knew I had to try it even though I didn't want the full appetizer order. And you need to try it too. It is as good as everyone says. It's really creamy and the bread crumbs are a nice touch.
The veggie quesadilla was also good but nothing to really rave about. It was your standard quesadilla except it was full versus flat. It was almost more like a Panini it was so doughy. I think the side of salsa was probably the best part of it. The tomatoes were well-seasoned and plentiful, almost like a side salad. 
The Brussel sprouts were my least favorite. I've had such amazing Brussel sprout dishes but these just fell flat.  They weren't flavored well and almost seemed a little dry. Thank goodness for the bacon- the saving grace of the dish. So much for a healthy vegetable option. Adding a little of the salsa from the quesadilla helped a bit. Overall, I just wasn't impressed. 
So the bill ended up being dirt cheap since some of the appetizers were also happy hour specials. For all three including tax and tip, it came to about $22. We just ate appetizers and beer but I was definitely full. 
So morally of my review, Black Sheep was cozy with good happy hour specials.Was here for a private event and experienced atrocious service, bad enough that I would not go back.
Their website touts their ability to handle large groups for private events... but they were completely unprepared to handle the group. Service was extremely slow, and our server was rude as well. From ordering to receiving food took at least 40 minutes. When one person's food came out (missing an item), we asked the server when we could expect the other food and received a rude and unhelpful response of "It's a small kitchen." No refills were offered on coffee. One food order came out a good 15 minutes before the others. Getting the attention of the server was nearly impossible.
The food itself was adequate--nothing special, but nothing wrong with it. The "maple syrup" described in the menu was pancake syrup rather than actual maple syrup (which is fine... just don't call it maple syrup if it's not!).
We were also charged for an item we didn't order and it was an ordeal to get the attention of the server to get it removed from the bill, and no apology was offered when we pointed out the mistake.
Overall, very unimpressed. They clearly weren't prepared to handle the group and seemed to fell no need to apologize for their lack of preparation.Cheese-steak empandas. Yes, they serve cheese-steak empanadas. WITH smoked Gouda cheese in it. You're looking at me like you don't  understand how frickin' amazing this is.  Maybe you're a vegetarian or rather eat a Care Bear instead. I don't know what you're thing is.  But the menu selection is awesome. And you wouldn't expect it from this "Irish"  pub (hmm, maybe THAT'S why it's called Black Sheep, clever).  I guess the most Irish thing about it is that it has an Yacht-load of different beers.  
This place is like one of those super-flyweight boxers that shop from Baby Gap that you drunkenly watch on TV and then meet in person, talk trash to and they do demolition work on your face. It's unassumingly better and chiller than you expect.  So go get one of their,  hold on... drum roll please..., FILLET MIGNON SLIDERS!!!  (I'm dabbing the drool with my shirt)  What else do I have to do to agree this place rocks? Give you a handshake through your zipper?I've been here many a time for happy hour with work people, and I went for the first time for dinner the other night. Like other posters said the downstairs is a bit dark, but I like it as it reminds me of an authentic Irish or Scottish bar - heavy wooden tables, dim lighting, hard benches and stools, etc.
What I like about this bar is that it's a good middle ground. Not as divey as the Raven Lounge, but not as pretentious as XIX. I also really liked the food. We went on a Friday night around 6 and were the only people there for about 15 minutes. I had a pulled pork sandwich and it had the sweetest, most delectable barbecue sauce I've ever had. Plus it was only $10. 
All in all, if you're looking to do a happy hour with coworkers or have a few drinks with friends, I think this is a solid bet.We stopped in for some drinks with friends and I was pretty impressed with this place.  It has a British pub theme with a nice atmosphere.  We grabbed a table in the window and ordered some beers.  We didn't have any food but I can tell you I almost took a bite out of whatever the girls next to us ordered- it smelled so good. 
We'll definitely be making another trip back to try the food. Great location and great service too.I was interested in going to this restaurant but when I walked in Sunday around 4pm, it was so crowded- I couldn't walk near the bar. I wanted to sit in the upstairs dining area. It was not opened, tried again on  Monday & the upstairs was closed Mondays too. 
I found another restaurant around the corner that had plenty of room & their backroom/upstairs is open every day. 
Unfortunately I probably won't get to the Black Sheep. I'm only in Philadelphia a few times a month. I don't have time to try & guess when they are fully open at The Black Sheep-It looked like a fun place & menu looked good too.The black sheep is my midday hideout bar. Located across the street from the wife's place of business. I find myself, dropping in for a beer or two on a fairly regular basis. In the daytime, you can enjoy your craft brew with a varied assortment of people who work a different shift or should be working at that moment. Their are a pretty good assortment of beers, and Irish whiskeys, and i always find something to my liking. The servers are attentive and not pretentious. I have heard the service and crowd change drastically at night. I was amazed that, an empty bar, could be a over packed bar in less then twenty minutes. this being said, i was there post happy hour on a Friday evening, and it was packed, but the service was still spot on.If you're looking for a place to grab a beer, sit by a fire, and read a Shel Silverstein poem, the Black Sheep Pub is your place.
The ambiance is great - it's not overwhelming loud, but there are plenty of people. It's candlelit, so everybody looks really attractive. But best of all, it's warm, cozy, and the perfect place to canoodle - if you're into canoodling at pubs. 
The crab cake sammie was fine - it tasted like a crab cake sandwich. The fries were crisp, crunchy and clean. 
But what makes my heart giggle is that Black Sheep has Lindeman's Framboise on tap. So it's kind of cloying to drink Lindeman's Framboise by itself, but dear friends, ask for it blended with Guinness. A half-Framboise, half-Guinness emulsion is a treat for the tongue. It's tart, creamy, and smooth. Dessert in a glass.Just celebrated a friend's bday lunch here. There were nine of us in the group and the service was great. We made a reservation without a problem and the server remembered all of our orders, despite all the chaos we carried on with changing drinks, etc. I like the laid-back atmosphere and the huge tables to sit at. They have sports on TV all the time, if that's your thing, or just want a place to grab a pint. There's also added seating upstairs. Our group shared the garlic fries, which come with a tasty zingy dip. You will not want to talk too closely to anyone after eating these, but they're so good! I ordered the fish and chips, which are a bit too expensive for a lunch item ($13!), but I was really craving fried fish. We ordered two of the chocolate-y cake things to share. I would not recommend the chocolate cheesecake thing, unless you like flan, because there's a weird gelatinous surrounding to it; tastes very mass produced. All in all though, fine pub grub.Great pints, great atmosphere, maybe the best lamb lollipops I've ever had. 
check it out.The Black Sheep never disappoints me.  When I first moved to Philadelphia, I tried to eat here and sat at a table forever trying to get service.  I eventually left.  Little did I know that if you sit down stairs, that is not the real restaurant, simply the bar.  Yes, you can get food, but on a busy night you'd be better off going upstairs to the dining room (where there is also another bar and TVs to watch the game).
Upstairs the restaurant area fits in well with one's idea of what an Irish Pub/Inn would feel like.  Wood floors, soft lighting, wooden booths and tables, and small pained glass windows.  There are several large tables upstairs for groups up to (I would guess) 8 people.  There are pictures of sheep, everywhere.  Go figure.
On the subject of food, I'm always satisfied with what I order.  Every day they have a special menu of "additional" entree options.  They are always something interesting dishes (henceforth, not always Irish) for reasonable prices.  Entrees rarely break the $20 mark.  The main menu is also very good.  If I were to go just to get some dinner without wanting anything special, I would get the "Bangers and Mash" or "Guinness Beef Stew" or "Sheppard's Pie" for $10.
The desserts are fine, but nothing spectacular.  They make their own apple crisp, but have the other desserts brought in from a local bakery unlike some other local restaurants.  (See my review of "Royal Tavern".)
I will make and additional comment about their food pricing.  It appears as though the more "fancy" menu items are priced more in line with their inherent value and the more "common" items are more expensive.  Here's what I mean.  The other night there were braised pork medallions with two sides and a lemon grass salad for $14.  A burger costs $10.  It just doesn't make sense.  The burgers are great and come with cheese, caramelized onions, and fries, but the most any restaurant (outside of Barclay Prime) can charge for a burger is $8.75 in my opinion. (To me, a burger is only worth $6.75 and that should include lettuce, tomato and fries.)
My other issue is that the upstairs dining room has THREE TVs.  It is a small space and the glowing images get distracting and tiresome.  The only reason people go upstairs to watch the game is because the downstairs is too crowded.  Typically, there are about four people actually watching and everyone else is trying to look the members of their table in the eye without looking over to watch a Sierra Mist commercial.
Other than that issue, I love going to this place and will return again and again.Black Sheep is a very laid back, unpretentious place to drink downtown.  I love the feel of this place, as it seems like a legit Irish pub.  The food was really good.  I had the Eggs Benedict which were tasty (potatoes were delish!), as was the veggie quesadilla.  My dining partners both had the grilled chicken sandwich which they agreed were great. 
The beer selection could use a little work.  While I was thrilled to see my favorite Hoeegarden on the list, they could use a few more selections.
The only thing I could complain about, and really is no ones fault, is the noise level.  Either I am getting old or kids these days are getting obnoxious! But all in all I will definitely be back.