9/24/18 at 11:30 a.m., my friend and I went on a lunch run.  We were excited to get sandwiches and we were extremely hype when there was a very short line.  We ordered 4 sandwiches, 2 specials, one club and one turkey cranberry.  Once back at work we excitedly opened our sandwiches and to our disgust, the turkey had an unusual texture as well as a slime to it.  I truly want to give them another change, but no time soon.  HORRIBLE!!!!This is strictly a turkey shop, but wow does it do turkey well. Of all the homemade Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners, along with the many other places I've eaten turkey, I don't think I've ever had anything quite like what they do here. It's the most succulent and juicy slices of turkey (and possibly of any kind of meat) that I've ever tasted. It just falls apart in your mouth, literally. The sides are fantastic as well - the mac and cheese is the real thing, the corn tastes like it is fresh of the cob and is a tinge sweet, and the mashed potatoes...well, they're mashed potatoes slathered with a whole lotta gravy on them. How can you go wrong? Even though I've been to Reading Terminal many times now, I've only been here once. I'll definitely be coming back whenever I'm back in Philly next.Went here on our yearly Philidelphia trip, and it was great as always. Fresh juicy turkey on a fresh bun just as ordered.When I visit Philadelphia I always try to go to the Reading Terminal Market and my favorite place there is The Original Turkey where it is always the day after Thanksgiving. Turkey Stuffing!Turkey is moist and flavorful.  Gravy is flavored perfectly.  No need to add salt or pepper to any of it.  Corn is always fresh.  Truly a must eat in Reading Terminal.Tasty. Hot. Big. Delish. Fresh. Fast. Reasonable. Easy. Clean. Nice carved turkey. Real nice.I absolutely love this place! The portions are huge I rarely get to finish a whole sandwich in one seating. The turkey is juicy and fresh my favorite is the Turkey Salad Sandwich. Every bite is just fulfilling...definitely try this place when your in the city!!! Also, the staff is very nice and the line moves pretty fast so don't let the long lines intimidate you ;)Below average tasting food. Service was fast but not worth the price. No seating at this location.Da Bomb!  My spouse has sampled turkey in its various rendition all over. The plain simple turkey here was said to be moist, tender, mildly flavorful and plentiful.Great slow roasted turkey. Stuffing is quite tasty. My favorite is the spinach.As a Philadelphia native, I love Wawa and its Gobbler with all my heart. But after eating the stuffing cranberry at The Original Turkey, Gobblers have been ruined forever. To start, you can't go wrong with a bread selection; my personal favorite is their wheat, but the sourdough and rye are great as well. The turkey is tender and juicy (a rarity for turkey), the stuffing is seasoned perfectly, and the cranberry cuts the savory flavor with some tartness. Overall, the result is nothing short of spectacular. And unlike the Gobbler, this delicious sandwich is available year round!!
The Original Turkey has some other gems as well: the turkey cheesesteak is absolutely packed with flavor and the turkey quesadilla has a great kick. I've never tried anything I haven't liked from here!I've been here twice now, and I can confidently say that the Stuffin' Cranberry is the bees knees. Freshly carved turkey, warm stuffing and sweet cranberry sauce. Delicious.
If you come during peak lunch hours, expect a wait. If you come before they close, your bread might not be available. Keep these things in mind.Love this place. I needed something quick to take on the train with me, and a friend suggested finding something in the East Reading Terminal Market. There were SO many options in the market, but this one caught my eye because it looked like I could find something healthy and tasty--and I was not disappointed! The meat was tender and delicious, they didn't skimp on the cranberry, and the staff was so kind! Definitely a winner!Their turkey leg and mash potato is so good!!! Definitely worth trying!!! Fresh and delicious!When I walked by and saw a girl carving a hot, juicy, roasted turkey, I started thinking about Thanksgiving, how far away it felt, and how delicious a big turkey meal would taste right about then.  I pretty much stopped caring about the other food options at Reading Terminal and even though it was lunch hour and the line was long, I hopped in.  Thankfully, the line moved quickly (it took a lot longer to find a place to sit afterwards). 
I ordered a one side platter for $9, which came with the oh-so-juicy carved turkey, cranberry sauce, creamy gravy, a thick slice of bread, and one side (I chose the stuffing).  I could have eaten the whole platter (which was a lot of food), but I was thinking about the calories and gave my husband a generous sample.  All that remained were a couple of lettuce leaves they'd added for color.
I dropped a star because the cranberry sauce looked suspiciously like the canned variety, but it tasted fine.  I would definitely go back for more, but perhaps at an off hour so I can actually sit and enjoy the food without other terminal patrons lurking like vultures for my seat.I got the lunch box and even though it looks compact, it was very filling. Loved the turkey and mashed potatoes. It is a good place, but there are so many better places at reading terminal that you should try those firstThis was my first Redding Terminal crush! Moist turkey Breast! The best bread ever with 4 choices. Bread and turkey sliced to order. The Thanksgiving sandwich with cranberry and stuffing is the Classic day after the holiday special available everyday they are open. The BLT turkey club is amazing but I love the Turkey special on marble rye. A pickle and a bag of chips and it's off to the races.The Turkey club is sooooo good. The Turkey is do moist and juicy it just melts in your mouth. 
You can go the Reading Terminal basically anytime of the year and have a full Thanksgiving dinner..they just have it all. 
Be sure to avoid weekends at the Reading Terminal, it gets filled up quick and you often have trouble just turning around.CHECK IN NOW. REDEEM FREE DRINK. 
Now that that's out of the way I was very impressed by the original turkey. I was stuck between the green spring, the club, and the turkey steak. The line moves quick so before I got the chance to truly ponder I was at the front of the line and yelled TURKEY CLUB. Granted, this is my favorite sandwich but I was really kicking myself for not getting the turkey steak .... especially when the guy behind me ordered it #lunchfail. 
Regardless, this was a dang good turkey club. The slices are shaved roasted turkey- none of that overly-salty-full-of-preservatives nonsense. I appreciate that sooooo much, so thank you Original Turkey! 
Downsides: the drinks are kinda pricey (unless you're smarter than me and check in and get it for free), the rye bread (I don't know why I said rye it's not even my favorite but again, heat of the moment) didn't have much ryeness to it. 
I think I'm a little biased living in the midst of Cleveland and it's tasty delis but this just wasn't like wow, what an outstanding turkey club. But I was like wow, what a good, fresh turkey club. Maybe I'm being too harsh because I prefer quality ingredients over processed tasty junk any day. Overall, I much preferred The Original Turkey to the much more famous sandwich shop in Terminal Market and I will be back to try that drool-worthy turkey steak!I went through the whole market trying to find a good place to eat.  I picked this one because I saw the fresh turkey.  I got the turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce and it was the best I ever had.  They carve the slices of fresh turkey right when you order.  It was so moist and juicy I wish they had this place in Seattle.Got the turkey platter. Really loved the turkey, was very tender and tasted great. The gravy and the cranberry sauce was fairly good as well.
Giving 5 stars, just for the turkey :)What an awesome lunch spot. Best turkey sandwich I've ever had.In the heart of the Reading Market, great sandwich stand. My wife and I shared a sandwich and were plenty satisfied. Would definitely return.Probably the best turkey club I've had in Philadelphia and it comes down to the main ingredient: the turkey itself. They cut it off the turkey only moments before and it's still warm when you unwrap it from its paper packaging. The turkey is perfectly cooked without being too salty or overcooked.Pre-determined combinations are available, but you can also build your own masterpiece around the central theme of turkey.
The hoagie option is only $1 more for a considerably bigger portion than the already-generous normal sandwiches. The turkey is fresh and delicious and the sandwiches travel well if you want to take them for a picnic in the city.Starting off with the negative first... I do think all the sandwiches are a little overpriced. But man they're delicious. I've tried the stuffin cranberry which perfectly takes me back to post-thanksgiving meals but kicked up a notch here. And there are a bevy of daily special sandwiches which only give me more anxiety as they all look great.  The customer service was friendly and my meal was given to me in just a couple minutes. Great job.You would be hard pressed to find a comparable turkey sandwich in the area. I take everyone who visits to the reading terminal, and highly recommend this place. The turkey is melt in your mouth good, and combined with either the thanksgiving toppings (stuffing and cranberry) or simply lettuce and honey mustard it is to die for. 
Plus, they are cheap and quick, so you can avoid waiting in line for a long amount of time.Everything in the Reading market is amazing.  I was in the mood for turkey and this spot is great. The Thanksgiving sandwich was to die for. Stuffing, mash potatoes, gravy, cranberry sauce and moist turkey. Heaven. It looks messy but it was fantastic. I'm craving it as I type this.  Very good flavors and recommended you try. I'm going to try the turkey leg next time. It's huge!!! Check in and get a free drink!Long line move rather quickly. Fun to watch the lady carve the giant turkeys in front of you and hand it over to the guys making your sandwich! I really enjoyed the Thanksgiving wrap- though ask for only a small bit of the cranberry spread. The turkey itself is just perfect!Awesome place, specifically if you're in the mood for some delicious turkey. Located inside Reading Market this place can get very busy making it tough to find a seat but in my opinion it's worth the possible wait. Get turkey however you want it - on a sandwich where they slice the turkey off the bone, by itself with some sides, or as a salad (mayo, tomatoes, lettuce and the star of the show - turkey). However you choose it, I can't imagine that you'll leave disappointed... or at the very least not hungry, as the portions are fairly sizeable!Nice plate of turkey and three greens. It was a bit bland tasting (although to be fair, I didn't order gravy and cranberries), so I spiced it up with mustard. Service was very fast, and they customized my order exactly as I asked. Having a plate of turkey dinner in a lunch place is definitely a bit different and fun. I thought there was kind of too much packaging, even for a take out place.Pretty good for a turkey sandwich. The stuffing isn't my mom's but is good for lunch.Wow! Got the dinner sandwich which is pretty much thanksgiving on a sandwich. Turkey, stuffing, mashed potato, cranberry! I could eat this everyday! Not bad for $10Reading terminal is always an awesome experience.  The terminal gives off the feel that you've traveled back in time and been dropped right in the middle of the hustle and bustle of a local city market.  The Original Turkey is located around the center of the market and conviently right next to the tables you dine on.  It was my first time at this particular vendor. The glass display looked amazing and the Yelp reviews seemed to back up the display, so I gave the special turkey sandwich a try.  The sandwich looked great but the first bite was a disappointment.  Ingredients were very fresh, sauce was delicious, however the turkey was served lukewarm.  It was a sad moment because I could almost taste the what the sandwich it could have been.  But the sandwich failed on me.  It might be worthy to note, that I did try this on Pope Sunday. I am really hoping that the regular guys couldn't make it into work.  I may give it another try but with so many great merchants in Reading Terminal, I wonder if I'll take that risk.Went here for 1 of only 2  lunches I was going to have in Philly and I was not disappointed!! I got the "dinner sandwich" which is turkey, stuffing, gravy, cranberry, and MASHED POTATOES- yes you read that right!- on a sub roll. I got it sans cranberry bc I'm not a huge fan, and it was seriously one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The turkey is so juicy and tender! And you watch them slice it up as you wait! Service was great and the price was pretty reasonable.  11 bucks for a sandwich and bottle of water.  Would come again and will definitely recommend!!Yum, for turkey lovers out there. Just know though they do hv small portions and it is pricey.OMG! Have you ever been given food and thought about asking that person to marry you?
 I got the bacon turkey sandwich and it was the best thing I've eaten in a long time. 
Also if you like them on yelp they will send you a yelp deal. That is very cool.  This place is just good bottom line!DELICIOUS.  I had the special sandwich - a turkey reuben.  Coleslaw was delicious, bread was fresh and the TURKEY was delicious.  Yes, it was $8.50 for just the sandwich, but that's what eating out costs in the city.  Yum.  I'll be back.Word to the wise, skip the sides.  They are horrible and really a waste of money.  However, the turkey itself is really terrific.  The turkey is juicy and tender... served hot.... its excellent!  There was a line but it moved quickly.  If you are in the mood for some great turkey this is the spot... just do not eat the sides or it will ruin the overall experience.I had their 3 side platter, slices of turkey, your coice of sided. I chose mash potatoes, corn and macaroni and cheese. Gravy over the mash potatoes and turkey. Wow, it was delicious.My co-worker suggested I try this place and their turkey steak, which he said was like there version of a Cheesesteak.  My expectations were at least a close version but it did not meet my standards. I'm not a big veggie fan so the flavor was a little much and I did not really taste the cheese. Plus Turkey is usually a more mild taste compared to beef , so I felt the flavor did not hit the mark. 
The sandwich was good overall but I felt it was not that special. I skipped breakfast but the meal was pretty filling. I plan to visit again and try their sandwich with mashed potatoes because at least it'll be a different experience and taste.The turkey itself is great (5 stars based solely on turkey), but a turkey club not so much. 
The turkey was warm, tender, juicy, everything you want it to be, but I expected more than cheap lettuce and tomato (that had hardly any color to them) thrown together with what resembles Oscar Meyer microwaveable bacon for $10.75.
With Hershel's and DiNic's the next two stalls to the right, The Original Turkey poses no competition in sandwiches.
Am I glad I tried it? Sure. Would I get a sandwich again? No. Would I come back for a Thanksgiving-like turkey platter? Yes.My go to spot for lunch. I love that I can always get a half sandwich..which even by itself is super filling --They pile on the turkey! I love all of their sandwiches, but my faves are definitely the turkey reuben and the turkey salad sandwich. The turkey here is super juicy and absolutely delish!  
This is not your average turkey sandwich! 
Also- the line moves super fast, so don't let that keep you from eating here!After walking through all of Reading Terminal Market nothing was really tickling my fancy... so fortunately I had the good sense to read Yelp and found this little gem. Amazingly friendly employees (and this was late in the day after many of the shops around them had already started cleaning up and hustling customers out!) and AMAZING turkey. Oh my gosh amazing. Succulent. Thick cut, juicy, all sorts of yummy! The cranberry sauce was great too. Wish I lived in Philly so I could come back here agin!The club is one of the freshest clubs I've had from a sandwich shop, the fresh hand-carved turkey just takes every meal to another level.  The bacon was so crispy and every ingredient tasted fresher than the last.  The bread was delcious too, soft and thick slices just perfect for this sandwich.  (It's not hard to find a great roll in Philly, but finding fresh-baked bread could be a challenge sometimes)
The only thing that takes away from my experience is there was no middle slice of bread and nothing was toasted, which I think is key to a club sandwich.  The customer service is so great here, I'm sure next time I stop by they would have no problem honoring my request to make this club sandwich even better.This is hands down my favorite place in the market. The turkey rueben (8.50) is one of my top five sandwiches that I've ever eaten in my life, and after living in Philly for two years, and eating this sandwich probably over 20 times, I'm STILL not tired of it. The people there are very nice and quick, and they never mind giving me a big cup of iced water.
I recommend this place to everyone that asks where to go in the overwhelming maze that is Reading Terminal. You cannot go wrong with this sandwich!I've only been here once, but can't stop thinking about the next time I can go back. I had the Special, which is turkey, cole slaw and Russian dressing.Great sandwich, great guys.  The market is fun, with lots of choices, but the Orig Turkey snagged us and we were happy!Pretty skimpy on the turkey for a $9 sandwich.  Mostly piled high with lettuce and a pickle.My family has been ordering our thanksgiving dinner from the Original Turkey for the past three years now! It is much better than anything I can make homemade and far easier. You place an order online and then head over to the RTM the day before thanksgiving to pick it up. I was able to park in the garage across the street and an Original Turkey employee actually carried it to my car for me. As for the food, the stuffing and mashed potatoes are excellent. They also have a unique gravy that is creamy, savory, and somehow not overwhelming. My family really enjoys their turkey--it is fresh and very delicious. If you order pies from here, they actually order Beiler's for you which is quite convenient and saves a bit of time. I have not been here for a casual bite before, but it is always pretty crowded. I can imagine that the Original Turkey would be a good way to satisfy some thanksgiving cravings on the "off season."Always love the "Thanksgiving" sandwich here.  Once brought a friend who hates turkey, and SHE loved it!1.) Introduction:
This past Saturday evening I needed someplace to grab dinner that I could bring back to my hotel and relax  before my first marathon bright and early Sunday morning.  I am not big in to having a big pasta meal before races and had actually  been having turkey sandwiches before my long runs throughout my training this fall.  This fit all my criteria AND was one of the few places still open at 5pm when we arrived.
2.) Aesthetics:
After walking around aimlessly for a bit (should have looked at a map they have posted at the ends of each row) I finally found The Original Turkey.  Clean and bright with the carving table and hot table of sides behind plex-glass for passers by to gaze upon.  Menu board is clean and straightforward.  There were three employees working when I arrived - one to carve the turkey, one to put your meal together and one working the cash register.
3.) Service:
For 5pm on a Saturday evening (they closed at 6pm) the staff was very friendly/helpful.  Did not feel rushed and the line moved quickly.  
4.) Food:
They have a variety of sandwiches, combo meals and dinners (turkey with sides that include collard greens, stuffing, corn and mac and cheese).  However I was here for a straightforward turkey sandwich since I have learned the hard way not to try anything new the night before the race (and it was VERY hard as the mac and cheese was defiantly calling my name).  Be warned that if you don't get there early they will run out of certain varieties of bread - I really wanted a hoagie roll but they ran out *insert sad face* - so I opted for the white bread (very rare for me).
I got a turkey sandwich with lettuce and tomato, no cheese with spicy brown mustard.  Yes - pretty simple, standard and possibly boring (especially when the have a sandwich with turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce on it) but sometimes that is the best way to judge a sandwich.   
Be warned this is not a place for toppings galore - the star of the show is the turkey and what a turkey sandwich it was.  Moist and flavorful - just what this runner needed.  Also - they do not toast their bread so make sure you don't let it sit for a while before you eat it.  Luckily the white bread is pretty solid with some bite and they put the turkey between the lettuce which gives it a bit of a shield, but not much.  
Also - they do offer honey mustard.  I did not get it on the sandwich but got some on the side and OMG - so good.  I ended up dipping part of my sandwich in it.  Definitely try this sauce, you won't be disappointed.
5.) Impressions:
Good solid sandwich - it worked wonders for me and helped me rock my marathon the next morning!
In a City where cheese steak and hot roast beef sandwiches are king, this was an oasis for someone looking for something on the lighter side that still tasted indulgent.
*Special Shout out to Anthony P. for use of his great Review format :)Great place for a turkey sandwich.  Love the turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce.  Thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich.  Line can be kind of long at lunch time but the line moves right along.  Fresh roasted turkey, you won't be disappointed.Great place for a down-home turkey dinner. Turkey, gravy, sides and cranberry sauce. Nothing special, but they do it extremely well and aren't too pricey. This got me through my first, lonely Thanksgiving and Christmas in Philly!This place was excellent!!! I was just looking for a quick lunch on my last day visiting Philly, and it was the juicy, dripping turkeys being freshly carved that caught my attention. I've always loved a good turkey/stuffing/cranberry sauce sandwich, and this place did not disappoint. About $11 for a HUGE sub I actually got two meals out of, a soda, and a bag of chips. Not bad! 
The staff was very, very friendly, and they had a large variety of sandwiches and turkey plates with gravy, mac and cheese, etc. If you're sick of cheesesteaks, come here! Yum!!Had a quick meal. It was like Thanksgivings in September.  Excellent roast turkey breast, mashed potatoes, and corn.The Original Turkey offers about a dozen different options all of which involve turkey. I've had the Sizzler (a sandwich w. cheese, hot peppers, lettuce, tomato), the Turkey Ruben, the sandwich with stuffing and cranberry, as well as the two side platter, which is great if you want a Thanksgiving meal at any time of the year. Everything here tastes good, especially the turkey, and they don't skimp on the meat in your sandwich. My only complaint about the sandwiches is that the bread is very thickly sliced and feels quite doughy when you bite into it. Generally, this place is busy and they really churns the orders out: I have experienced them getting my order wrong more than once (mayo, when I asked for no mayo; no cranberry when I did ask for it).I LOVE the original turkey!!
I always get the gobbler with gravy & stuffing, yum. They slice a massive slab o' turkey into thin slices and pile it on your plate, drizzled in flavorful gravy and atop some amazing stuffing. The turkey is always fresh! Tastes better than my family's Thanksgiving cooking to be completely honest.
Workers are always nice too even when it is busy. I should probably something aside from the gobbler but it is just too good ;)Huge and tasty Club Sandwich. The meat is thickly carved and well seasoned. They offer a choice of bread. Service is good and the line moves fast. No complaints here!The turkey here is super good.  Moist (ew I hate that word), thick, and freshly cut off the bird.  I have eaten here twice, and will probably go back, just don't think I'll order the same thing as last time.  
The classic turkey sandwich is a winner, but we (the boo and I) split one of their special sandwiches that they pressed on the panini.  It had "special sauce" that was a secret until we saw the sandwich being made.  It was ketchup.  I mean the sandwich didn't taste horrible, but when you knew it was ketchup, you knew.  And that sort of spoiled it.  
That said, I'm hardcore turkey & cheese...the boo wasn't a fan of their bacon, but other than that the place has a line for a reason.There is not a ton to say about this place except they serve a darn good roasted turkey sandwich and platters.  They keep it simple and offer and outstanding product.  Of all the times I have been here, the consistency of the meal is always the same.  I always get the turkey club pressed in the Panini grille. I have had the reuben in the past which was solid as well. The turkey is fresh roasted every day; none of that processed lunch meat crap here.  They are reasonably priced for the amount of sandwich you get. One of these bad boys and you are set for a while.  It is hard to come here when you have Dinic's just staring at you from the other side of the seating area, but trust me, this place is definitely a solid stop in the Market.Quick efficient service given the craziness of the Terminal Market. I settled here after looking at plate after plate go by. The hand carved turkey was juicy and perfectly seasoned. I had it topped with gravy that was very good, but didn't seem too original. For a side I choose green beans, which I found to be average and had the cranberry sauce which might have been canned. 
Overall you're paying for the meat here, and chances are you won't be disappointed. Next time I would definitely go for one of their sandwiches or wraps.Love this place. Staff is friendly and capable. Food is delicious and filling. I called a hoagie a wedge and rather than berate me, the staff inquired where I was from and remarked that now they'd know what new york people meant by a wedge. Great stuff.Last week before attending a Philadelphia Phillies ballgame,I went to this nice establishment in the lively Reading Terminal Market.The turkey was delicious and the portion they gave  me was very generous.The prices at this establishment are very reasonable.It closes at 6 PM on weekdays.I go to Original Turkey for lunch quite often when I'm in Center City. I love their combo: half a Turkey special on rye with chips and soda. All for only $8. 
All fresh roasted Turkey, none of that lunch meat crap.Every time I go to Reading Terminal this is my go-to. The people are great and the food is amazing. I think I have had everything on the menu at this point.I'm kind of a connoisseur of the Thanksgiving turkey sandwich, and when I learned Original Turkey makes theirs fresh daily, I had to give them a taste. The quick moving line is a testament both to the popularity of this Reading Terminal stand and the efficiency of the whole operation. 
I've had plenty of good Thanksgiving sandwiches, but this has to be one of the best I've had. The bread is thick and savory with a nice soft and crusty texture. The fresh roasted turkey pieces are the real deal. This isn't some turkey lunch meat; it's the leftovers from your moist holiday turkey. The large turkey chunks are nestled on a generous cloud of mouthwatering stuffing (so good), and the entire sandwich is smothered in a sweet-tangy cranberry sauce. It's pretty much the perfect sandwich. Oh and it's large, definitely big enough for two meals. Original Turkey's also got something called a Dinner Sandwich, which is apparently served on a long hoagie roll with the added deliciousness of mashed potatoes, but I haven't tried that sandwich yet! Next time!I'm not sure the turkey sandwich itself was the best but the turkey was unbelievably moist and delicious.This is the best turkey sandwich I've ever had.  I was disappointed though at paying $10 for poultry.Very, very good food.  I am not much of a turkey lover, but every single item I had from here was delicious.  
The sandwiches are the best part of this place.   They are so well arranged and meticulously created, and as someone who loves to cook, I appreciate that.  For instance, when I had the Reuben, not only was the cole slaw fresh and the turkey was moist, but the bread was also fresh and dry.  That is hard to pull off because the bread in most Reuben sandwiches tends to get soggy due to the cole slaw.
The stuffing is decently tasty -- nothing special, but moist and nice. 
The mashed potatoes are the only negative -- they are definitely from a box.  Taste like that synthetic stuff they have at KFC and Boston Market.  No thanks.I ordered the two side platter with mashed potatoes and spinach. It came with cranberry sauce and turkey.
I did not walk into this restaurant with high expectations, but I left wondering when I will come back next. The food was simply fantastic. it was the most Divine spinach mashed potatoes cranberry sauce and turkey I have ever had in my entire life. My mother's delicious Thanksgiving dinner pales in comparison to the aromas and flavors that were present in the two side meal that I ordered from The Original Turkey.
I cannot wait to come back next time. By the way this is a fantastic location for a first date , but make sure you come very hungry because the meals are gigantic, enormous, extremely filling, and delicious.The sandwiches here are amazing.  I love the open-faced with gravy or the special with coleslaw and Russian dressing.  If you're a fan of delicious roast turkey, this is the place.  The slow-roasted meat is very fresh, tender and succulent, and that's what makes the difference between the sandwiches here and those at the deli.Was excited because of all the good yelp reviews. I was super disappointed. I ordered the turkey leg, corn and spinach. The turkey leg was bone dry and the corn tasted like it was out of a can. The spinach was quite good. The turkey must have sat too long under a heat lamp or something. Bummed.This place reminds me of a Boston Market if they actually cared about the quality of their food.  
The turkey is moist and flavorful.  The stuffing did not seem to be homemade but it was still yummy.  Corn, veggies, etc...  all great!  Gravy was a nice touch and not too salty or starchy.  
One small word to the wise:  do not eat the dinner sandwich for lunch break and then attempt to go back to work!!!  It was far too big and made me pass out at my desk.  Maybe this is why they called it a "dinner" sandwich.  I think it was meant to be shared between two people.
I will be back here often!Had a really good turkey Reuben or lunch.  The turkey was juicy, tender and hd a lot of flavor.  The bread was toasty and warm, and the cole slaw and Russian dressing the perfect accompaniment.The people are nice, the food is good and there was no hell-ish line to wait in.  No rules, you can get whatever you want and it's easy to order.  I ended up with a half of a provolone cheese sandwich with some veggies and I loved it.  I loved it bc it was just good.  Just good food without a bunch of fanfare.  Definitely going back.Totalmente delicioso. Compré pavo con puré de papas y macarrones con queso. Todo estaba delicioso. Especialmente el cranberry sauce. Nunca lo había probado. Ojalá hubiera descubierto este lugar antes.I hate that I checked in after I left...but I ordered the turkey cheesesteak. UH-MAZ-ING! So good! So glad I randomly stopped. It can be hard to figure out what you want to eat in Reading Market because of all of the choices. THIS place is a great choice...at least for what I had.I ordered the 2 side platter (mashed potatoes and corn as my sides) and it as delicious. Turkey was perfectly cooked and moist. Service was fast and done with a smile. Will definitely visit again when in reading terminal market.OMG!!! These sandwiches are AWESOME!!! Very delicious! If you are ever at the reading terminal stop here and grab a sandwich. You won't be disappointed.