Not bad. strawberry wings are the go to drinks are nice. Chicken was seasoned nicely. My wife and bestie had chicken and waffles some of their chicken was overdone and waffles were basic waffles nothing special. I would come again and have a different meal they have a nice menuIt's like if Applebee's opened up a boutique comfort food restaurant. Nice concept but lame environment and the cocktails are bad.Great job Bill Hines!! Great space, a complete transformation and a great addition to the neighborhood!The food was very good, the services was fair as well, I would go again ... The people were pleasant and funnyWe went for brunch a Sunday with my boyfriend and service was very slow (it wasn't busy inside). Food took a very long time and the waitress was absent for the most part. We had to call her to get her attention so she could offer us coffee and water while we waited. Food was ok.A nice taste of NOLA and great addition to South Philladelphia! I The Muffuletta flat bread was delicious and brought back memories of the delicious food in the Big Easy.Love the fact that this place is about a block away from my house. I can walk here with friends, have dinner then walk home.
I've been here a couple of times. Both times, the staff has been very, very nice. Very personable and very accommodating.
I'm vegan, so there's not too much on the menu for me. I did have the Black-Eyed Pea Burger, which was excellent. When me and hubs ordered one each, the server came back out to inform us that there was one left. I guess the burgers are that popular.
The fries are really good. They are cooked well, which I love.
What I wasn't crazy about was the hummus. It comes with olives, cucumbers, and tomatoes. It comes with pita, which is excellent. I just didn't dig the hummus. 
The menu has a lot of great options if you are not vegan. They also do brunch. 
I will warn you though, their drinks are very, very overpriced. I don't drink, but my friends do. Some drinks on the menu are about $10+ each. 
All in all, this place is nice for dinner and drinks with friends. They have outside seating which is great for these next few weeks as fall approaches.Food need more seasoning. The strawberry wings had potential, the sauce was good but the chicken lacked flavor. The mac and cheese was bland. We enjoyed our drinks and the atmosphere, we may go back for brunch somedayAll of the stars for the food. The service was terrible. Waited over an hour after we placed our order to receive our food on a quiet weekday night. The same for the other tables around us. No apology or even mention of the delay from our waitress throughout the entire process. The bartender came over to our table at one point to check in and was kind enough to comp us a round of drinks for the trouble. When the food finally came out (staggered) it was great. Loved the Jambalaya Mac & Cheese. Their menu had some other stuff I wanted to try in the future but I can't see myself returning after the service we received.Happy to see a fun new bar in the neighborhood. Great soul and Bayou brunch, fun/church-themed decor, and a great cocktail list. Husband and I had a flight of Bloody Marys, which I've never seen anywhere else before. He had chicken and waffles and I had a cheeseburger. Both hit the spot--no frills. Can definitely see this becoming a regular hangout.Reigning from Louisiana, I find The Thirsty Soul as a good liaison between Cajun and Creole with a creative Philly taste.  I've tried a few items on the menu to taste the creative rendition of Creole and Cajun with a South Philly palate.... I was delighted to see a taste of New Orleans witness Muffuletta Flatbread truly one of my favorites when walking in French Quarter and in Philly such a nice taste on a flatbread with all the traditional fixings! Yummy! 
The remoulade sauce at the Soul is a tradition down south and done so perfectly well with the shrimp or catfish Po-Boy well pardon Yo-Boy as they say in Philly!!!
However, on this trip my favorite was the libations of Sazerac and an Old Fashioned paired with the Hot Strawberry Wings... Each libation was right on point with Carousel Bar in the Monteleone and the Old Absinthe Bars of the Quarters... the wings were sweet and spicy and fried with a batter to perfection as I like mine fried extra hard... the decor of the soul added a pointed reminder of my upbringing!ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC!!!!!! From the atmosphere to the friendly staff to the fabulous food, this place is a new favorite!!!!! Craft cocktails are genius and you have to try the Strawberry Wings!!!!! Sounds weird but they are really good. I've tried quite a bit of the menu and it just gets better each time! This will definitely be a regular stop for me.I'll admit that people I love have turned this rough corner spot in South Philly into a multifaceted diamond, but that doesn't take away from the fact that you will love everything this place has to offer: Food, spirits, ambiance. 
I know from experience that Chef Barb Romeo puts her heart and soul into her cooking. It shows immediately from your first bite to the last. Go for the fried pickle and come back to try everything else on the menu from catfish beignets to mac and cheese jambalaya. 
Billy Hines realizes his true form behind a stunning stained glass bar, putting together cocktails that would rival anything in a swankier place. 
You will not be disappointed here. I'm still reeling from the food/ drink and amazing staff that made the experience 5 stars. And be sure to check out the confessional booth on your visit. It contains a secret door that leads to.....
Well, you'll just have to find that out on your own. Go now.UPDATE: 2 Stars
It's been 3 months since my original review and the first time I came here. I loved every part of the place. I went a couple more times after, but then hadn't been for a couple of months. My in-laws were in town so I suggested we go to the Thirsty Soul. I was EMBARRASSED for suggesting this place. The service was horrific. We at down at noon as one of two tables in the front section (there were 6 of us). We had called a few days ahead to give them a heads up that a party of 6 was coming. Our waitress was lackadaisical at best. No welcome, no explanation of anything (a male server who sat us told us the specials). She was slow to take our order and slow to bring our drinks. It took a full HOUR to start to get out food. The waitress did NOT explain that our food would come out as it was ready instead of all together. From when the first entree came out to when the last entree came out, it was a full 15 minutes. The first person had already finished eating. Since the food was coming out "as ready" you would expect each dish to be hot. Nope. The dishes were lukewarm. The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 is because the food still tasted good - despite it being cold. But also, after waiting 75 minutes for your meal to arrive, almost anything would have tasted good. I'm so embarrassed I suggested my in-laws go there for Brunch with us. Everyone was hangry and I just kept apologizing to them for the delay. Our waitress did not once recognize that our food was late, that she forgot one of our drink orders (she blamed us saying she only heard one order of a drink instead of two) and she dropped off the check with no mention of anything. I would understand if the kitchen was backed up or if someone was off today. But the waitress didn't mention anything. We could see into the kitchen and they had 3 cooks inside just sauntering around - no one looked busy or rushed. The topper for me was well after we sat down, a two-top sat next to us. They sat, ordered food, ate their food, and had it boxed up before it whole table even got our food. They had a different server, so perhaps the reason? I'm so disappointed because this was an amazing place I would have loved to visit again and again. But now I don't ever want to go back. 
ORIGINAL REVIEW: 5 stars
Today was my first time going to The Thirsty Soul, and I was not disappointed! They had the absolute BEST fried pickles I've ever had. Brunch all day is amazing because who doesn't love brunch? Our meals were delicious and the staff super friendly! I will be definitely be back!My girlfriend and I tried this place out while staying in South Philly. Brunch all day??? Yes, please.
I got the Jambalaya Mac and Cheese and she got the Pork Eggs Benedict. Both were crazy delicious and filling. I'm a big eater and I struggled to finish my meal. We also shared a punch bowl. Super great value. Would definitely go here again when in the city.Best cocktails in Philly. The bartender, Kari, killed it. Thought it was all downhill after the Smoke & Envy pistachio drink, but then the Rhu Tang Pisco Sour (with tang!) and Morningstar (carrots!) one-upped it. Seriously, I never post reviews but this place isThis place is AMAZING!!! Hands down, by far the best Eggs Benedict I have EVER had!!!!!! The hospitality is fantastic, loved the whole staff!! We loved this place so much that we ate here every morning of our trip!! You have to try this spot! Great food, awesome drinks and wonderful staff that make you feel at home!!!  I'm a Cali girl.Came to The Thirsty Soul on the third Sunday of the month for the Big Booty Brunch(a drag queen show). My friends & I had a Old Fashioned- strong but delicious & a Mimosa, also good. Food , a grilled cheese & aa hamburger were quite good. Decent prices as well. The show is the 3rd Sunday of each monthI love this place! The food is excellent. Don't leave without eating the Hot Strawberry Wings. They are amazing. If you get the deviled eggs, you have to eat them with the bacon jam topping. Soooo good. Everything is really good, and the atmosphere definitely has the cool factor. There was an awesome piano player/trumpet blowing guy there playing soulful jazz favorites. He was amazing.Here's the thing I'm giving this place 2 Star based on my bad decision to order beignets. I would say give the place a try and order something else.  
My cousins and I stopped by late Saturday night for a drink and dessert. There were a handful of seats occupied so we figured our service would be quick. After checking that the kitchen was still open, we decided to grab a table. 
Our waitress was great. She stopped by and took our order and our food and drinks were on the way. My cousin order a salad which she liked and I, (I should know better), ordered the beignets. I didn't expect for them to be the same thing as what I had in NoLa. But just something similar. 
A server brought out a rum cake, which was not what I ordered. Apparently the kitchen got the ordered mixed up. Twiddling my thumbs. I know it's going to take time to fry the beignets but 40 mins later i finally hear the fryer sizzling in the kitchen. Wth! At this point I didn't want the dessert anymore, I just wanted to go home. We were there for an hour and while the waitress was great in stopping by and providing me with an update, it didn't make the lack of food any better. She was sweet and comped the beignets. I took the beignets home and decided I should at least have a bite of these beignets that took forever to make. It was awful. While the outside was cooked, the inside was still wet dough. I ended up tossing the whole thing. 
It could've been an off night and maybe the kitchen staff was just ready to go home. I still plan on going back here to try other items on their menu. Just won't be ordering the beignets.I went here for drinks after dinner just to get my Friday night started, and it was a great choice.  The bar caught my attention a while ago because it's church themed essentially.  The bar top has stained glass, there's a confession booth, a halo chair and a very sexy red room (via the secret-ish passageway through the confession booth) where there's live music at 9. 
I would HIGHLY recommend coming during happy hour - they had an incredible deal where you get could one of their punch bowls for half off.  For $20, I split one with my partner and we both had about 6 drinks worth.  It was an incredible deal and for all the lightweights out there, this is MORE than plenty.  We had the Jezebel, and it wasn't too sweet and not crazy strong, so just enough to start having a little fun. As typical of a bowl, it had a ton of ice, but to be honest I was plenty happy to be hydrated and get tipsy at the same time.
We had great service, the bartender was really sweet. I'd definitely come back and try their food - it's all southern food, and it looked pretty good.  The bar for a Friday night was really not crowded at all too - I'm not sure if that's unusual or not, but I kind of liked that it wasn't rowdy.
I would definitely recommend you stop by and rest your weary soul ;)The Thirsty Soul being a new addition to my neighborhood, I wanted this to be a 5 star review.  Everything from the theme, to the menu to the general fact that it is a cocktail bar is totally my jam so I was hoping to fall in love.  However, I left my first visit feeling a bit disappointed. 
First, the good:  The ambiance is fantastic.  The stained glass bar is gorgeous and the lighting fixtures are perfect for the church/speakeasy theme for which they seem to be going.  The only problem is that the light from the kitchen kind of kills the mood.  I'm not sure what the fix to this would be as the kitchen staff obviously needs good lighting...maybe an awning of some kind?    The wait staff were attentive and very friendly.  I have no complaints about the service whatsoever. 
The not so good: The menu looks great but the execution....no so much.  I ordered the shrimp and grits and found the grits were dry and clumpy and the shrimp seemed like it was just sprinkled with creole seasoning and thrown on top.  No sauce or anything else to make it more interesting.  My partner had the jambalaya mac and cheese and it was similarly disappointing.  Kind of just tasted like jambalaya with noodles thrown in.  I'm not even sure there was any cheese. I enjoyed my pisco sour and was thrilled to see a bar have this on the menu but my partners Manhattan tasted strange.  The criticism of the Manhattan may be based on personal taste, however.   I hope the cocktail menu will expand as this place is in business for a longer time.  I'd also like them to add prices to the cocktail list.  While the drinks were pretty reasonable for what we got, its annoying to have to guess how much my bill will be or ask the server for the price of each drink.  
Overall, South Philly in general needed a good cocktail bar and I want this to be it, I just think it needs some improvements.  I will definitely try this place again in the future in hopes that it gets better as it works out some kinks in its first few months of business.Love the vibe and decor . I tried the catfish Po boy, catfish beignet and cocktail drink with tequila base with a hint of grapefruit and lime flavor. It is southern inspired menu, would imagine you are in New Orleans . Hoping to see the jazz music venue coming soon ...My new favorite bar in my neighborhood! Food is great! Drinks are even better! 
But it's the service and the people that work here that make this place 10x better than it already is! 
Garland and Billy have been the best so far that I've met and I always feel extremely welcome anytime I come in! 
They do amazing shows and live music and I love dancing, so it's a great spot for me to be!Visited there on a Friday night.  Service was terrible.  There was one waitress who was very forgetful and not very attentive to our order.  The punch bowl drink which was supposed to have watermelon puree in it, did not.  The food was very bland and cold.  The fried green tomatoes were more like fried greasy tomatoes.  I would not go back or recommend this place!Where to start. Went for brunch and when we arrived the place was lively. We got seated right away. Things really took a turn after that.  It took about 20 min to get drinks and water. We ordered food, only to be told that they ran out of chicken, both their cooks had quit earlier that week, and we had to order something else. The owner seemed frazzled and was running around trying to make sure all patrons had drinks since food was not coming out quickly. The brunch food that we eventually did get (shrimp and grits; French toast; pulled pork po' boy) was ok. Nothing to brag about. It took another 20 min to get the check. We were told they were going to comp our drinks, but our bill had the drinks on them, so we had to remind the waitress and they eventually comped most of our bill.  The whole ordeal took about 2.5 hours.  The waitress was mortified at everything that was happening.  Hopefully they resolve all their staff and food issues because the space was cool, and prior reviews were positive.This is now my parents favorite bar when they come to visit. Not that it is only for 60 year olds! The Nola church theme works and who doesn't love a phone booth passage way in to an intimate music venue. Really great live blues music on the weekend, very different from other places in the city. They make a nice cocktail as well. Outdoor seating.Great service.  The ambience was chill. Food was delicious.  We had the strawberry sriracha wings, jambalaya mac and cheese and specialty burger. Our server name was Kari. Beautiful personality . Very approachable,  superb custom service.  Shared upcoming events and suggested some great specialty cocktails.  Overall excellent experience.  Will be back!I joined a friend for dinner here on a weeknight.  I frequent the east side of Passyunk quite frequently and was excited to try the new hot spot on the west side.  
The bar area has several high tops and a few tables with pew chairs to remind you that this space was once a church.  We were seated right by the confession booth, which you can walk through to enter a separate lounge area with couches and comfy chairs, which I've been told will host musical acts in the near future.  
For dinner, I ordered the strawberry wings and the deviled eggs.  The deviled eggs were a great deal (you get three eggs/six halves for $5).  The menu described the strawberry wings as spicy and sweet, but I only tasted sweet.  The wings do not come with any dipping sauce--I asked for some and was offered what was described as cajun ranch, but was dill dressing of some kind, which was quite tasty.  The wings were well cooked--crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside--but I was disappointed by the lack of heat and blue cheese.  With my dinner I had a dirty gin martini, which was well balanced and tasty.  The cocktail list (with drinks for $10 or $12 or punch bowls for $40, cheaper at happy hour) is expansive and has many tasty looking cocktails and some creative combinations.
The Thirsty Soul is still going through some of the growing pains of a newly opened joint--no wine, limited liquor menu (though great beer selection), but I will definitely come back again to try the all day brunch and give it another go when it's been open a little longer and worked out the kinks.My friend and I were looking for some good soul food, unfortunately a lot of places in the area are closed on Mondays. Luckily we found the Thirsty Soul, and I couldn't be any happier about our decision to dine in there ! 
As soon as we walked in the bartender warmly greeted us and told us that we could sit anywhere we like. Our server was extremely knowledgeable and helped us with our drink & food choices.
On to the food: They have a lot of breakfast/brunch options! I was in the mood for seafood so I went with the Catfish Po'boy with cajun fries and it was absolutely delicious ! The portion was way bigger than I expected (no complaints here). 
There is only metered parking so be sure to bring quarters or download the parking app! (With the parking app you will need to make an account with your license plate along with a card) 
PS: Check out the confessional, it's a chill vibe back there & they also have a live band there on select days!Had the chicken on waffles the other night- delicious! The bartender , Aneesa was an absolute delight and is a great bartender!Excellent service. The burgers are amazing. Get the French toast for desert. Awesome.Solid spot in Passyunk! I came with a friend on a Saturday afternoon - it was mostly empty but there were a few people at the bar, which was also where we sat. The cocktail list is fun and has a lot of unique options - I went with the Singapore sling which was delicious (and dangerous!). Lots of fresh juices going into the drinks. My friend has a lot of dietary restrictions and the bartender made her a fun vodka soda with a bunch of fresh fruit juices as well as a cute banana leaf and fruit garnishes - she was excited to have "a fun drink" since she has felt super limited on options in general, and the bartender really went out of his way to make her something special. I also got the jambalaya mac & cheese and my friend got deviled eggs - both solid, though I wouldn't say amazing.
There's also a back room with a burlesque show once a month - it happened to be that day but we already had plans and wouldn't be able to make it. But I think it would definitely be worth heading back and checking it out! Definitely a good spot to visit next time you're hanging out in South Philly.After following on IG I wanted to check this place out because it looked interesting. It's not terrible or amazing but pretty average. The place itself is a little awkward there was a hostess but she just said sit anywhere which honestly would of been easier if she just sat us at a table, it's kind of dark overall.  The waitress was awesome! She was sweet helpful attentive and had a great personality overall. The drinks were good but soooo expensive like center city expensive(its not a center city place) Unexpectedly expensive. The menu was small, the food was good and the fries were amazing!Food was fine, not great. I had the deviled eggs and had high expectations based on other reviews. They were ok, mine are better. The wings were good but need more flavor. My friend had the burger and thought it was your standard burger, good but nothing to rave about (our favorites are Royal Tavern or Good Dog for frame of reference.)
Beer and wine options are limited. The mixed drink that my friend and I ordered (we both got the Paloma) was a little off and neither of us would order it again. The ambiance/decor was disappointing. I like the theme and vibe they are going for but it's missing something, it's like the went half way then stopped. The bartender who served us was very friendly, attentive, and had good suggestions.I live around the corner from Thirsty Soul and was very excited when it opened because there's not a lot of restaurants on this side of passyunk. I've been here maybe 5 times and at first, it was decent. I understand they're trying to go for a New Orleans/church-y satire vibe, which is fine but it's also a little creepy and not very inviting. The menu is all day brunch (chicken and waffles, eggs Benedict, shrimp and grits) with some NoLa classic Po Boys. The first few times I came here, we're for late night drinks/snacks, but the last few times (today in particular) have been terrible. I came in for brunch with my boyfriend today and right away the whole bar smelled like it was wiped down with an old moldy towel. That should have been our cue to leave... but we were hungry so we sat at the bar. My bf ordered a bells two hearted - "sorry we're out". I ordered an iced tea - "sorry we don't have that". We got sharing plates and mine had old crusted food on it. My bf ordered the shrimp and grits because we had them the first time we were here and at that time, they were so flavorful. THIS time the grits didn't have any sauce on them at all, just grilled shrimp on some dryass grits, my bf could barely swallow them. I got the caramel pretzel French toast with homemade whipped cream. There was no whipped cream when they brought it over so I asked... and I was told "it's supposed to come with it, but we didn't make any" - um okay?? The prices are outrageous for what you get. I felt bad for the bartender that helped us because it definitely wasn't his fault, but he's the one that has to deliver the shitty news to the customers. I can't imagine this place will be around much longer. It's in such a great spot and west passyunk is in dire need for good restaurants, but this place isn't going to cut it. You're better off going to second district brewing or 19th street tap room if you're in this neighborhood.Do not go to speakeasy show!..not only a fire Marshall's nightmare, the staff is incredibly rude!  You are placed an unbelievably small room with 70 PEOPLE and the staff THREW our bar bill at us.  It stated no blue jeans  but people where there with sneakers, jeans and tshirts..waste of money!I've been reading the reviews on this place and I am surprised. First, great place, food is good and drinks are off the chart. Yes, in the beginning they had some miserable people working there, a crazy bartender, who looked nuts. She had tattoos all over, not that there is anything wrong with that, but she was rude. Then there was a little old lady running around complaining about the lights. Lol yea she was complaining about lights, and talking about putting flowers outside in the middle of winter. She might have been just a crazy old lady. I guess hard help is hard the find,  BUT SINCE THE NEW YEAR, they stepped up there game. Atmosphere is awesome and staff is great. Kitchen staff seems like they care. We had an issue, they handled it. No questions. Manager or owner came right up to us and fixed problem. It seems like some people rather go on social media and complain. Rather then talk about an issue. Me and my friends loved the fact that they cared enough to fix it and not just ignore. More places in South Philly should be like this. And for those who go there and then leave and go to reveries to complain. Your as rude and crazy as that old lady complaining about lights and flowers.Im giving this restaurant 4 stars after all its a Monday afternoon so i am most definitely returning on an evening to check out the entertainment they have going on.Ali thanks so much warm and welcoming,Billy the owner gave me a tour and filled me in on the history of the restaurant and the upcoming events.Check them out on Facebook.The food was delicious!Fried green tomatoes yummy,i wanted to lick the plate but i had to try something else for this review.It was the pulled pork,so tender and very good.Thanks guys,I enjoyed my Monday afternoon and will be back with friends.Today was my first time going to The Thirsty Soul, and I was not disappointed! They had the absolute BEST fried pickles I've ever had. Brunch all day is amazing because who doesn't love brunch? Our meals were delicious and the staff was super friendly! I will be definitely be back!I went for brunch today with my friend. We had the chicken and waffles and deviled eggs. They used thigh meat for the chicken and I just found it gross. The deviled eggs were not good. My blood mary was bad. She was not happy with her Mimosa. I was embarrassed I took my friend here for brunch .Worst southern food I've ever had. My boyfriend and I went here just today and I was very, very disappointed. We ordered a Mac and cheese with chicken, a jambalaya Mac and cheese, and deviled eggs. The deviled eggs were the absolute worst part about the meal. They tasted nothing like a deviled egg and the filling was chewy. 
The jambalaya was so thick that it was more like peppers and 4 shrimp with 1 (dry) chicken and 1 weird tasting sausage. The jambalaya was also so spicy you couldn't taste it. The Mac and cheese was completely covered in the jambalaya so I couldn't taste it or see it. 
My boyfriend's mac and cheese was so bland that he had to put salt on it and without the chicken it was boring. 
I would not recommend this place to anyone. My family is southern but not chefs by any means and I've still had WAY better jambalaya, Mac and cheese, and definitely better deviled eggs. 
This place also doesn't have a very great cocktail selection. I personally like a fruity drink and they only had smoky or bitter drinks. The waitress also admitted they don't have much of a selection. 
They need to revamp their drink menu and also get more training on southern comfort food.(or all new chefs because how do you make a deviled egg chewy??)Just finished dinner, absolutely tasty, I had the eggs Benedict with pulled pork and cheddar corn bread,delicious my husband had the jambalaya mac and cheese with nice size shrimp took a fork full also tasty staff was very nice,bartender suggested a cinnamon toast crunch coffee and made a fresh pot of coffee yummyGreat food wonderful atmosphere always constantly up to par this place it what consistent good food is all aboutSuch an amazing gem! Super friendly staff, a brilliant bartender, supreme decor and a stunningly brilliant menu. Craft cocktails and stellar food. I'm not sure a Burger from any other place will ever taste the same. I'm blown away by this place! This is the place to be. I wish there were 6 Stars.Let me state this up front, get the strawberry wings and the Cajun shoestring fries! You will not regret it at all. The sweetness of the strawberry helps balance out the heat and there's a perfect crispiness to the wings. The fries are great and dipping sauce is amazing. It's almost like a sweet and sour that's flat out divine. 
The place is a little hard to find without a well marked sign outside but the inside is filled with great touches. From the hidden lounge to the stained glass inlay of the bar, this is a unique place to grab a drink or have a meal. There's a wide variety of fusion food, from the jambalaya Mac and cheese to the eggs Benedict with bbq, everything was delicious. 
This is really a gem, and worth checking out.We bought 4 tickets through Groupon for the speakeasy.  It is a live burlesque show.  The room is very small almost claustrophobic. They jam alot of people in this small space.  They say no Jean's yet, they let people wearing jeans in. Our waitress was incredibly rude. Find a better venue for a burlesque show! P.s. the musicians were absolutely awesome!I had high hopes for Thirsty Soul and was disappointed. They were my 'cheat meal' for the hot strawberry wings. The wings were undercooked. Biting into a wing and seeing blood is the worse experience ever. The server didn't seem surprised- odd reaction but nonetheless, asked to reorder. The flavor/sauce was weak and the wings were done but truly not fried hard. Sauce was more a glaze and not hot at all, slight strawberry flavor. Fail. The catfish po'boy tasted like old grease was used. It was Sunday, maybe that's the pour out day. My friends had fish and grits and fried green tomatoes they seemed to enjoy... just me the underwhelmed patron. I give three stars because the drinks were excellent. Paloma and the mezcal drink by far the highlights. Probably would not return again unless strictly for drinks. Fool me once.Really nice, low key spot. Good for conversation, and good drinks. The church theme is cool, and the food portions were large.Went to this neighborhood establishment for Saturday morning brunch and I was not impressed. The biscuits under the sausage gravy were tough. The dough was over worked. The gravy itself was too lumpy but it did have a good taste. You can add an egg for $2 more. We put two on top because my gf and I shared this meal. 
The skillet cornbread was a disappointment. It wasn't sweet at all. It wasn't warm either. It's a square piece (pre-made) and warmed up in the skillet not MADE in the skillet. I thought it was going to come out homemade in the little skillet. Our waitress was nice though!It was just me and my friend for brunch, but we decided to get the $40 punch bowl.  While it had a lot of ice (more than necessary) and I was nervous that there was little actual alcohol in the punch due to the delicious taste, it hit me later that day--certainly had some etoh. The brunch food itself was just ok. My friend got the egg Benedict and I got the jambalaya mac and cheese. The chorizo in the jambalaya was delicious, but the rest was ok, nothing to write home about.  It is easy to get to off the broad st line and there was no wait when we went (at 1pm).  I probably won't go back since there brunch places I prefer.Went for a happy hour with my wife. About 5 pm on. Weeknight. Staff was very accommodating, food and drinks were very good. Bartender Garlin was very nice and helpful. Good food, good drinks, good place.This review is a little late, but I wasn't exactly blown away by the food here. My boyfriend and I came here not long after they first opened up shop, but it was already pretty lively. I guess it's not hard to get seats filled in a bar in South Philly.
We decided to split the jambalaya mac & cheese and the chicken and waffles, though neither of them really blew me away. The waffles were a bit overcooked and there wasn't much cheese to the mac & cheese, but the flavors were pretty solid. I think I could have eaten an entire plate of the fried chicken if I wanted to. 
The orange(?) cake they had for dessert was actually the highlight of the night. How can you mess up dessert? I might be back soon since it's been a while, but definitely wasn't an outstanding visit my first time around.Cool atmosphere, but my salad arrived with none of the ingredients stated on the menu, and only after I complained to the waitress, was I told that they were out of those ingredients. (Had I known, I wouldn't have ordered it!) Then I watched in horror as a fly crawled into my salad, making it impossible to continue eating it. The waitress did offer me a free, duplicate salad to bring home, but the whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth.
Not to mention the massive amount of dust we watched swirl through the air, which was definitely not very conducive to our appetites. I don't want to sit and eat somewhere where I can see people's skin cells and who knows what else, getting into my food and lungs...YYYYYUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMM! I've been eyeing this place since it opened and waiting for an opportunity that would bring me to the neighborhood. Dinner on the way to the Wells Fargo seemed like a perfect chance. 
We ordered deviled eggs with bacon jam, strawberry wings, smash burger with fries and the shrimp and grits. 
1. All deviled eggs should have bacon jam. Period.
2. The strawberry wings were good but not quite what I was expecting. A little too sweet for me. A touch more heat and they would be perfect.
3. The shrimp and grits - OMG. A real show stopper. The grits were perfectly creamy and the shrimp was so flavorful. I get shrimp and grits everywhere I can find them and these are the best I've had in Philadelphia. 
4. The smash burger was seasoned so well. My boyfriend gave it his seal of approval and he is virtually impossible to please.  
Service was great. Friendly and attentive. I love that you can see them working in the kitchen. The chef came out and checked in. Such a great experience. 
I can't wait to go back.