Way overpriced and food was terrible.  Service was also extremely slow for those in our group with the all-you-can-eat crab special.  There was a lot of sitting and waiting for the crabs so it wasn't worth the money.  What a rip off, the entree dishes weren't good either.  The majority of us left the restaurant dissatisfied.I ordered from dining in.com and I was supposed to get crab stuffed lobster. Now I asked for mashed potatoes, theyied and said they were out after giving me an attitude over the phone.. I am a very polite person so tgis was uncalled for.  My friendwent in thw  builing and ordered mashed potaties and recieved them.  I get my lobster and there was no crab meat.  It was very small, probably the smallest they had in stock.  The lobster bisque tasted like cream and they probably ran out of sherry because there was none in my soup.  Overall theyre food is over priced and has little flavor.  The people who answer the phones are nasty and I would never wastr my money on them ever again..My boyfriend and I love oysters so we decided to try this place out - because it was cheaper than most places we didn't expect much! It was quaint - an old building with original tile everywhere - small - had a real south philly vibe with great service and food. We will definitely be back!There are some issues with Snockey's:
1 - Fishy smell when you walk in (it does go away)
2 - Place does look a bit dingy
3 - Sides and anything other than seafood seems like an afterthought
BUT
I liked Snockeys.  The seafood was superb.  It makes the lackluster cole slaw and mashed potatoes (which I almost guarantee are made in bulk and taken out of the fridge / reheated as needed) *mostly* bearable.  I had 1.5 snow crab legs and my fiance had the Shrimp Scampi special.  We both enjoyed them immensely.
Next time I'll just go for the 2 lbs of crab legs and skip the sides.Gross...all around.  I had heard ok reviews on the food - but that it was kinda dingy.  I don't mind a dingy dining room if it's reminiscent of a crab "shack"  but this place was more of "too cheap to renovate and too lazy to clean."  I should have turned around right after stepping in the door.  The smell that hits you isn't seafood but rather old, wet, moldy, rotten wood.  The kind of stink that comes from an old restaurant that hasn't been cleaned or updated since World War II.  It was dank and musty.  However, still wanting the crabs we'd hoped for - we were escorted to the back dining room.  Sat there for a long time before anyone came to us - even though there was only one other table in the whole place.  The food took a long time - the cooks were really unkempt and pretty gross themselves (in appearance/cleanliness and vulgarity) and the crabs didn't fall too far from the tree.  Definitely frozen-but detrimentally so.  Frost bitten..thawed..frozen again tasted like a freezer.  Very little seasoning, and overcooked mush meat.  The Clams casino were nothing but rubbery teeny clams covered in bacon & too many green peppers.  The shrimp were just frozen shrimp steamed with seasoning- not awful but not impressive.  For a seafood place, particularly a "crab house" - they should know how to cook crabs.  
One more note:  the floor slopes between the front and back dining rooms - the floor was wet and I damn near fell. 
Perhaps you could spare a few bucks Mr. Snockey and invest in some non-skid traction before someone hurts themselves.This place is running on its history.  Tasteless, tough, rubbery, mushy comes to mind.  Old, old brown cocktail sauce.  Tough tasteless lobster tails, a crabcake made almost entirely of bread.  STAY AWAY!  Without Living Social coupon, dinner would have been $90!  Outrageous!  I hear their clammy hour isn't bad.  But I don't know how they stay in business!  Go anywhere else but this place when looking for seafood!Horrible food, over-priced for such horrible food. Service wasn't bad.  But the food was so bad that when the manager asked, I said "everything is good" because I felt bad.The saving grace is the clammy hour specials, oysters, shrimp and clams... the service is straight rude, and I have a high tolerance level. Whoever this chick is with the flip flops and bad attitude is needs to go. I only came here because I didnt want to park in center city. Shame because behind the counter area is messy.Ohhh Snockeys.  How do I like thee...
I've only ever been to Snockey's to take part in the Friday AYCE snow crab leg special.  I love me some crab legs, so this is a pretty good deal as far as I'm concerned.  The servers are attentive without being overbearing, and the back room of the restaurant is roomy enough to get your crab leg on without feeling like the whole restaurant is watching you.
The atmosphere could use a little help, and renovations are in need.  This restaurant has been open for a long time, and it shows. Thing is--I don't go there to be dazzled.  I go there to eat... and eat.. and eat.
I'll definitely go back.Eat oysters and drink Dock Street from a tiny glass.  Maybe crab.  What else would you order here?  Seriously, nothing else is very special.The restaurant itself is small and simply. The service was fine although our waitress had some trouble hearing she was very nice. I didn't care for the oyster stew probably because I thought there was going to be more to it. However, it was just oysters in a butter, cream broth and it needed more flavor. I also got the pound of snow crab legs which was excellent. The garlic potatoes were kind of chunky and the broccoli was a little under cooked. Other than that everything was good.This place is on one of those lists for best places for happy hour oysters/buck-a-shucks/in this case: "Clammy Hour" in our fair city.  It's been around for over a century so I'm sure it's on a few lists... both the good and the bad.
Walk in like you own the place.  If you don't, then you might get overlooked and no one will greet or seat you.  Also, don't try to make small talk with the staff... this is THAT kind of place.  Old school... South Philly... we're strictly here to chow down... looks run down... and well, might actually be run down.  Don't expect that anyone will ask you how your food is or if you need anything, you've got to assert yourself and wave someone over, or better yet, drop your voice an octave or two and just yell across the restaurant.
Clammy hour is a good deal.  Not sure if I would come here for anything else.  Also, street parking is way better than Center City so that's always a plus.  Got a dozen oysters (they were a good size), half dozen clams casino (tasty, slightly spicy, definitely pepper in there), and a clammy mary.  Their horseradish kind of sucked, but I ate enough oyster crackers to make up for it.  All in all, if you come in with low expectations, it's a good value.Tried Snockey's after hearing about their 'Clammy Hour.' The raw selections were fresh and clean, and that's where it earns its stars. I can't say the same for the ambiance. I had no expectation of a pristine setting in a South Philly style bar, but a bit more organization, a cleaner environment, and improved service would instill a bit more confidence to go with the delicate nature of serving raw seafood.
The Clammy Marys were good as expected, but sitting at a table precludes you from the 'Clammy Hour' pricing on them. This is made explicit on the menu, but if you're unfamiliar with this, seat yourself at a table, and then learn this, it would seem a bit of a faux pas rearrange yourself. Cooked food left plenty to be desired. I would recommend Snockey's for the raw bar alone.I love this place! Inexpensive, fresh seafood. I always order a few dozen raw oysters and clams. Crab, lobster, and shrimp are good. I don't like broiled fish, so I never order it, and wouldn't recommend it. This isn't nouveau anything, just an old school neighborhood joint.My husband and I come to Philadelphia frequently and this is a must if you love seafood as we do. A client of mine suggested Snockey's years ago . They make you feel like a king and queen, always remembering us and giving us special attention to go along with the amazing seafood. We feel like family here. Now to the food. The stuffed lobster is wonderful. The oysters super fresh and delicious! The prices CAN NOT be beat anywhere. The place is homey and comfortable. No frills, just unreal seafood and service!Sorry, but I have nothing nice to say. The dining area is dirty, so I can't imagine what the kitchen looks like. The cocktail sauce was bad, not just not good, but BAD. I ordered the broiled seafood combination platter, but for $25.95 all that was edible were the vegetables. At 8pm on a Friday night there were only two other tables occupied. There's a reason for that.
I am very easy to please and almost always enjoy my meal... anywhere I go. Tonight, unfortunately, I did not.I won't trash the place. I did find the interior to be somewhat underwhelming. The bathrooms, as others have said, aren't really acceptable.  But the food was decent. I had a nice plate of food and was generally pleased. 
It's a place I would stop by for drinks and light appetizers but I doubt I would make a dinner out of it. This just isn't that kind of place.This review is painful for me to write as I have been a loyal customer for many years.
Until now. My husband and I went there for dinner at 7 p.m. and were served at 9:20. Service was the worst ever (we got brad five minutes before we left), water 15 minutes before we left, and never got the ketchup I asked for several hours earlier. The food was meager and cold - my husband;s "soft shell crabs" were two tiny almost squares, about 2' in diameter. My crab cake was paste,  with little crab, and no  taste at all. The shrimp and scallops in this dish were small and overcooked. This dish, like my husband's,, was served cold after waiting until 9:05 - dsitting and waiting and filling uop on oyster crackers. I did not want to complain to our waiter and we were starving - so we ate the inferior quality and cold food and paid a bill that was a high as some of the pricier restaurants serving top quality meals.  I called the owner the next day, as we have known each other for as long as we have been going there, to tell him of our experience - .and his attitude was "oh well", with no apologies, no offers to trade off on something on the next visit, and little remorse, other than to acknowledge that they were busy.  Sadly, we will move on.I have ordered take out several times from this place and each time, the order arrived extremely later than the estimated delivery time and food was extra cold and unpalatable...
For the latest order, clams casino arrived raw and covered in some watery vinegar bell pepper mixture...the worst I've ever had. I spit out the first bite and threw the rest away.
Extremely disappointed in the quality of "food" of this establishment.First time and definitely last time!! Went there for all you can eat crabs and some beers with friends and left with bad taste of this place. Had drinks and raw oysters at bar for Happy Hour, draft beer warm and bartender had no personality!!! Finished drinks and went to sit down for All you can eat crabs at 530 and placed order immediately. After long wait received our 5  small crabs each at 613 pm?? no I am not kidding, but we immediately requested another order and finished thosed with another half hour wait until we got second order of crabs... and yes this went on all night!!! Service was poor and slow and we were the only ones eating crabs!! So to make things worse we were overcharged for the all you can eat crabs advertised as $26.95 charged $31.95!! Place is dirty and felt like the AC in the building was turned down as night went on, bathrooms smelled and dirty. You get the point dont waste your time!!!My 2nd visit here. 1st time I had the fried platter, this time I went w/the salmon. Both dishes were cooked well, however the seasonings were lacking. The only thing I don't care for about this place is that some of the workers smoke & have a bad habit of standing near the entrance 2 do it.My friend Chris W and I decided to try a highly-regarded, well-established Philadelphia seafood house, Snockey's Oyster House in Queen's Village. This is not the usual gourmet fare that we're used to from the see-and-be-seen places we frequent on Walnut and Chestnut Streets. This is down-home shore-style cooking with no pretenses and a lot of comfort food sensibilities. The garlic mashed potatoes were very good as a side. My jumbo shrimp were carefully deveined and wonderfully juicy. My jumbo lump crabmeat had nary a shell in it, seasoned with a light dusting of sea salt. Perhaps the biggest disappointment with my combo platter was the fried oysters that strangely didn't taste like anything. There was not a hint of the wonderful aroma of oysters that I like and there was a little too much breading for my liking. Still, the shrimp and crab cocktails were very good. Chris' broiled combo platter was the winner of the two. The scallops were grilled to perfection. I was not a fan of the crabcake as it used a lot of shredded jumbo lump meat rather than the big lumps of crabmeat I had on my platter. Our starters of crab fries and Manhattan clam chowder were mediocre. I couldn't find a clam in the chowder and the crab fries used an inferior crab meat not like the tasty morsels on my platter. I think Snockey's deserves a solid 2.5 stars. There were some things that were great, others not so great.Went for Clammy Hour on Sunday. Exactly what was expected - cheap prices, great oysters, couple cheap drinks and welcoming staff. Will be back again.after reading all of the Yelp reviews on Snockey's, we decided to dedicate a weekend in Philadelphia to a dinner at this seafood restaurant. We made reservations for Friday evening. We took a cab from our hotel in city center to avoid parking problems. Once inside, we started with a dozen raw oysters, a dozen raw clams, and a pitcher of local brew. There was not one trace of shell: a tribute to the shuckers. Both oysters and clams were fresh, cold, and tasty. The oyster crackers were round clouds of airy goodness that were the best accompaniment for the rich oysters. For our entre, we opted for the all you can eat hard shell crabs and snow crab clusters with corn. our dinner was the best crab dinner we have ever had. It was better than anything we ever had in Baltmore, DC, or the Eastern Shore. all diners around us had nothing but praise foor their dinners. Our waitperson was excellent. The owner called a cab for us for our return to our hotel. 
The cost of the meal was less than we expected. The setting was that of a neighborhood seafood eatery of sixty years ago. the total experience could not have been more perfect.Ooh Snockeys!!! What happened? The oysters didn't taste so fresh today and the clams tasted like they were caught over a week ago.  I have been to this lovely place before but a lot has changed and I don't think it's for the best.  First the service. You only have one waitress waiting on people from the bar to the dining area.  The waitress acted like she didn't want us there. She was doing us a favor by taking our orders.  The place looks like it was never cleaned since 1912.   I think I rather go spend alittle more at the oyster house and get better food and service than try to save a few bucks and get sick.  You were my go to for seafood but not anymore.  Sorry but I don't I will be back.Went there on 4/6/2013 fur a birthday dinner celebration of 8 people. Service was sloooow, but the staff was nice. Asked for a "medium-well" filet mignon, but received it fully well done. Waiter quickly took it back and returned about 10 min later with another steak cooked correctly. They were gracious and apologetic. The food was "ok", we've had better and we've had worse. Disappointed because they were out of multiple things that we wanted from the menu. The chocolate confusion cake that we had for dessert was delicious. I wasn't impressed with our overall experience and can think of several other restaurants in the area where I could get the same or better...food and service.The reason Snockey's gets 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 is solely based on the staff.  The food was alright, but I can't bear to give this place a 5 based on how unfriendly the staff is.  
A friend and I visited for the first time after having purchased a Living Social deal, so wanted to try it.  I had my first oysters, which were delicious.  We also had crab legs and two kinds of shrimp -- lots of food!
The service we had was good, but we lucked out.  Our waitress, Judy, was super friendly and helpful.  I *can't* say that, however, about the rest of the staff there!  When I called to make the reservation, the man on the other end was short, rude, and apparently could not be bothered.  The day we arrived for dinner, the waitresses, hostess, and man at the raw bar were far from cordial -- ever heard of a smile?  Running a restaurant entails greeting customers and knowing what good customer service is ... boy, these people are in the wrong business!
I would recommend this restaurant for decent seafood with no frills -- no fancy atmosphere and definitely no friendly service (unless you get Judy!). Honestly, the place is seemingly dirty and much of it looks like it could use a facelift. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.Cute little place, nothing really to look at but the all you can eat crab legs are the best deal you will find around. Me and my boyfriend walked out of there with the best food coma I have ever had!!! The wait staff was very nice and took great care of us as well :)What drew my boyfriend and I into this restaurant were the awesome deals for "Clammy hour." 
We ordered a dozen raw oysters and 10 pick and peel shrimps. These were up to par, but I have definitely had better. In addition, we ordered a deviled clam, snockey's fries, mussels in red sauce, and mini crab balls. Our meal was getting worse and worse with each dish. The deviled clam was probably one of the worse dishes I have ever had and I am no where near a picky eater. Honestly, I wanted to spit it out. The texture and taste was awful. Snockey's fries were just as described fries with bites of crab meat sprinkled with old bay seasoning. Nothing special and absolutely not worth it. The mussels had an odd odor to them and after tasting a few it seemed as if these were old mussels that may have been sitting out for a while. Lastly, the eight mini crab balls were unappetizing. I finished one and forced another half. Pretty much 75% of our meal was left uneaten. 
Overall, atmosphere was okay, service was okay, and food was horrible. I am giving this one star and will never revisit this restaurant.Went there for the living social lobster deal. Now I remember why I don't buy the restaurant deals, this place was awful. Lobster had no taste the service was terrible and the place was dirty. We won't go back there everOnce you walk into Snockey's, you definitely feel like you're in a really old-school Oyster & Crab House.  The service was a little slow, but the waitress was definitely attentive while we waited for our food.  The oysters were great - dozen just wasn't enough!The oyesters are good..service is terrible..we weren't greeted, sat ourselves, weren't even acknowledged, had to get up and grab our own menus, and had to hunt down the bartender whenever we wanted anything and the server was just rude to everyone we saw come in. The only reason I'd put up with the service and the terrible smell and appearance of the place again is because the oyesters and the clamy bloody Mary were very good.I'll preface by saying I'm from MD and kind of a crab/seafood snob.
That being said I went here for a lunch meeting and had probably one of the most disappointing meals.
First the service. No one came to take our order for 20 minutes. We were 1 of 2 tables in the small place so it wasn't hard to see us. We had to do the waving of the arms to get the waitress' attention. The waitress was nice to talk to, she told us some good history, but she could not hear a word we said. I think I repeated myself without exaggeration 20-25 times. Kind of frustrating when ordering food or asking for a refill.
Now the food. I wanted to get a flounder sandwich, but noticed the lunch menu had a fried flounder sandwich, while the dinner menu had a broiled flounder option. I asked if I could have broiled flounder and was told no. So this either tells me a) they were just trying to get rid of the fried flounder or b) it was prepackaged portions. You'll find out the answer later. I also ordered soup, they were out of the soup I wanted so she suggested I try the lobster bisque. I love lobster bisque, but this was disgusting. It tasted like liquid bread, all starch.
I wound up getting the broiled seafood platter since I didn't want a fried fish sandwich. The soup came quick and then 45 minutes after I was done with the soup I got my food. I got shrimp, scallops, flounder and a crab cake. Shrimp, scallops and flounder we fine, just tasted like old bay. The crab cake tasted EXACTLY like thanksgiving stuffing. WTF?! Why is their sage and thyme in a crab cake?
Once our plates were cleared it was another 20 minutes before the check came. At this point I felt like we were there the entire day.
On the way out I noticed all the prepackaged food being loaded onto a dolly and taken down into the cellar. The lobster bisque, the fish, EVERYTHING. They are 7 blocks away from the italian market and fresh seafood, why order all prepackaged crap? Just disgusting. I would expect a place with so much history would present itself better.The food was simple but tasty, the place had a diner feel. The waitress and bartender were smoking cigarettes outside when we first walked in,I don't care, but they didn't even wash their hands and just handed us some menus and went back to 'work'. I asked if it was fine to sit anywhere considering there was only one table there, the old bar hag snarled under her breath saying, can you believe she said that. it really sucks, I had been wanting to go there for a while but I m sure we will never go back. 100 years in the biz, did this place used to be good or something? I have worked in the is for over ten years so I have a lot of patience but tonight was a total disappointment. Not to mention having to look inside the dirty kitchen. Ugh.Second visit.  Definitely a weird vibe, bordering on down right unfriendly.  I walked in the door on a Saturday afternoon for 'clammy' hour.  There were 3 customers in the bar area and 5 employees - including the owner.  It is a small space in the front of the restaurant, and not a sole seemed to notice as I walked by ALL of them.  No hello, welcome or even WTF are you doing here!
I sat at a table in front of the bar for about 5 min. with no one saying 'boo'.  I finally stopped the guy I knew to be the owner and asked who I could order from.  He informed me someone would be over shortly, then asked if I'd been there long.  I said I thought I had as no one acknowledged me to which he apologized, but a bit of an aggressive apology.   But then he stopped by a few times to make sure everything was ok.
Soooo - $0.66 clams and $2.50 beers.  You can't have it all.  And the clams are super fresh. Your call.When we first walked in no one greeted us for above 3 minutes, then we were directed to stand by the dry erase board at the end of the bar and someone will seat us. 
Once we were seated, there were already butter knives laid upon nicely folded cloth napkins on our table (no forks or spoons). As we waited for the waitress, something in my peripheral caught my attention. Something on my napkin... a small red dot... moving... a mite! I kept quiet. 
I ordered birch beer soda and lemon chicken, and my girl ordered Sprite, a seafood salad, and some crab legs. Our drinks came without straws, her soda had a big black flake floating around in her glass (so she asked for another, but in a plastic cup) and her salad came out at the same time as her entrée and the bread... LATE (yes, we sat without bread & butter for more than 45 minutes). My lemon chicken came out fried, laying on a bed of white rice, with "lemon sauce" poured all over it an broccoli on the side. My chicken was soggy and tough as steak, and my broccoli smelled as if it were being kept in the same ice as the fresh fish. 
Needless to say, we hated it, although the crab legs were OK. I ended up just eating french fries. 
If you're looking for a versatile restaurant this is NOT the place, but if you're ONLY looking to eat seafood this place may be OK.... if you can deal with the dirty glasses and red mites.Let's see...
Worst drink I have ever paid for - check.
Really blah oysters - check.
Surly, bad service - check.
The raw and steamed clams were tasty, though still not sure why it takes 25 minutes to make 6 steamed clams. For 60 cents a raw clam during "Clammy Hour", pretty good deal. If I was going back, I'd get 18 raw clams, a bottled beer, and call it an afternoon.
Advice: don't order the oysters that they serve for clammy hour. There is a reason they are cheap. They have no flavor. If they order them, get them fried and drench them in sauce.
Advice #2: don't expect anything from server. Water is a gift. Refilling your water is like true love.
Advice #3: avoid the clam mary (bloody mary with three raw littlenecks) at all costs. Bad vodka, terrible mix, not enough horseradish or spice... giving me the cold sweats as I write this.GET IN MY BELLY! 
It's cot damned delicious here, I don't care what the yuppie transplants say.I had heard about Snockey's through Yelp before and it's a short hop away so went there in time to catch Clammy Hour on Sunday afternoon. Going in, the scene was; the type of place you would expect to find near the coast. It had a beach bar style, though the decor was underwhelming and a little run down. There seemed to be a slight power problem, fuses blew twice, leaving the front of the bar in the dark and patrons in the back hollering from the interruption of the Phillies game.
The Clammy hour menu was enticing enough; oysters, clams and shrimp under a $1 a piece, with options to have them steamed or fried, So we got 10 raw oysters, and 6 steamed clams, and a order of the crabby fries. Fries came first, hot with a nice serving of crab meat and seasoning on top. They were pleasant, but can't say the crab meat lent much to the flavor, but it didn't take anything away either.  Next we got the steamed clams, they were large and  served plainly in a salad bowl with drawn butter on the side which was good for catching the broth. Noticing there was a lone staff member in the front doing all the shucking, there was good wait for the clams and oysters, But the man did an awesome job and we did tip him for it. Those oysters were so clean, not a bit of muck or sand and they were really big oysters. Taste wise, I found them to on the lighter side of flavoring, but still good.
My bf ordered the clammy mary, a drink bloody mary style with three little raw clams as a garnish, however, i suspect it was a virgin. We weren't even carded. Could have done without that. 
Nothing much to say about service, It was cut and dry, different staff brought our orders to the table. The bartender came around when he got a chance. So meh on the service. But all in all, a positive experience and I'd visit again.Went here for my B-Day last night....my wife & son took me....had a boatload of oysters,(my son & I polished off 4 dozen different varieties) crabs, lobster, shrimp, scallops, & corn on the cob. Washed it all down w/ 4 Miller High Life's & a triple Johnny Black. Had an awesome time & will be back!!
NOTE: I was thinking of getting the AYCE bluepoint crabs...but I wisely asked 1st what size they were...they are #2's, which really aren't worth the work, as they are tiny. If you are thinking about doing that, ask to see what size they serve before you order!!!My boyfriend and I used to pretty much be regulars. Our first couple experiences here were pretty pleasant. 
It's not the prettiest place in the world. It's an old school seafood bar and restaurant. Nothing glamourous. The waiters and waitresses seem to all be some how related to the owners. They are all young aren't the most professional etc. 
Our first couple of visits we stayed with the traditional crabs. They were good. Nothing to write home about but good. However, their prices are a bit up there for the amount of food you get. their oysters are always pretty good. Another time I got the scallops and they were incredibly dry. 
This place isn't my first choice when it comes to seafood in Philly.I haven't been here in about 6 years, but when I saw a Groupon for it, I figured it was a good time to go back.  Before we went for dinner, I checked out yelp reviews just out of curiosity.  I was a bit hesitant because of the mixed reviews.  Anyway, we went and thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience.  There was no bad seafood smells like other reviews have mentioned, the place was bustling, the food was fresh and delicious, and the service was outstanding.  I had the crab cakes (delish!) and my hubby had the broiled seafood platter which he enjoyed.  Have to say, I would definitely come back.Wow, this place should be called Suckneys!  First off, the smell walking into place should be your first indication that this place sucks!  I got roped in with a Living social special.  Lucky me! This place is great if you like way over cooked rubber lobster.
Save your money and go to the Oyster House.Reading over the review here, I didn't expect much.  But Snockey's is everything I want.  It's a local joint, basically a South Philly neighborhood rendition of the Sansom St Oyster house.  The prices here are great.
Many people complain about the freshness and cleanliness of the food as well as the service, but during my visit I thought everything was pretty solid.  Our waitress was friendly and attentive, even though Dan and I were clearly some of the only hipsters in an overwhelmingly South Philly lifer crowd.  The oysters were fresh and clean.  They offered a few different varieties, we had some from Galveston Bay and Nova Scotia.
I only ate raw food here, so that's all I can remark upon. But the lobsters coming our looked fresh and tasty.  People complain about worms or other sea life on their oysters, but that really only shows their ignorance; this is not a downside.  I love the cocktail sauce here.  The beer list is small, but still offers a few craft brews.  Happy hour is great, $.75 oysters 4-6 on weekdays and again on Sunday 2-4.  
Bottom Line: I see why people complain, but Snockey's is solid. It's my new go-to raw bar.Funny to see the breaded crab cake response because I've been there in PA. Just a note: unless you are in MD don't expect crab cakes that aren't breaded. I've yet to find a decent crab cake that I'm used to in MD,DC,VA metro and parts of NY anywhere else. It's not worth the rating to complain about that.
If you are looking for an upscale seafood place this isn't it. The prices there are about twice the price here. I don't understand the comments about high prices here. These are market prices. I consider myself a seafood connoisseur, it has been my favorite food since my childhood. If I was allergic to seafood to the point of it closing my airwaves as a reaction I would either die happy or be in the hospital several times a month because I would never stop eating it. I travel the country and stop at every restaurant I can find that has oysters.
These oysters are great east-coast oysters. If you like west coast don't stop here ( note: I can't stand west coast oysters and those from louisana). I didn't get the entrees. Since I'm used to having to get the selected oysters they discount during HH in D.C. I wasn't surprised that I had to ask which one was on the special. Only the clams you can get any selection during specials.
The place is small and quaint. The staff was nice & attentive but it wasn't packed. I think had it been the service would have been very slow. The bar area is also small.You have to know what to order at Snockey's. It is a wonderful hole in the wall. Get a beer on tap, a ton of raw bar and maybe some box (oyster) stew. It is good to start with the oyster sampler. You get  a dozen raw oysters on the half with labels. They usually give you about 4 different kinds and it has turned us on to a lot of varieties we might otherwise never have tried. I have never had an even slightly imperfect oyster at Snockeys. They are impeccably fresh and delicious.
You can also get clams on the half and cold shrimp. Oh the mussels are good as well but we don't order anything else there. The entrees are just not a favorite.Food was meh, service was meh, atmosphere was meh. We had to wait a long time to get drinks and order. The waitress felt bad and gave us free drinks, because she got our orders mixed up. It wasn't too busy in there but they were def short staff.I'm going with 3* because I didn't have any of the food here. I actually came in for an event that was being held in the back room of Snockey's, and ended up hanging out at the bar for a little bit waiting for it to start. 
First impression of the space is that was very worn, and it had a harsh fishy smell. I love seafood spots, like Route 6 and Oyster House, and neither have this kind of obtrusive smell. I think they should work on that. They have an extremely austere appearance, which would be OK, but I think that everything here is getting kind of worn down. 
They have a passable beer selection, with a couple of OK beers on tap. The bartenders were OK, but not particularly friendly, especially when we said we were just having a beer. 
As notes earlier, we didn't have any food, but the prices seemed to be good, at least. It seems that their oyster happy hour is 83 cents per oyster, which is certainly the cheapest I've ever seen. If the quality is good, as other reviews have indicated, this might be a good deal. 
Overall, I probably won't be looking to come back with other better options closer, but perhaps if they do a renovation eventually I would check it out again.Enh. I was disappointed with this place. 
I wanted to like it, I really did -- especially after walking past it a few months back and getting so excited to discover a family-run seafood place in my neighborhood. Philly suffers from a lack of good seafood joints for a reason. After all, it is at least an hour away from the nearest ocean (where all the yummy seafood lives). 
And unfortunately, that's exactly how the food at Snockey's tasted. Like it was from an ocean a good hour away. Like it had been frozen, trucked, frozen again, then defrosted and cooked. I don't know, maybe I'm more particular than some about my seafood since I hail from Seattle, but it just didn't taste fresh. The crab legs were ok, but they really needed to provide one of those tiny crab forks so you could get at the meat. My fish was mediocre -- the breading was too thick and dry and covered up the flavor of the fish. The atmosphere was nice -- the black and white tiled floors, friendly staff, long tables and nautical theme made me feel like i was in family-run fish and chip place by the ocean. But that feeling only lasted until I tasted the food. 
One good thing I can say about the food at this place -- the raw bar was awesome. I thoroughly enjoyed sampling oysters from various regions of the U.S. And that's really the only reason to go back. To have some more of those raw little buggers. They were yummy.I go for the raw bar and the clammy mary's.
Everything I had was wonderful and tasty.  Bartender was nice. Very old school.I used to go to Snockey's sometimes YEARS ago, but stopped going when I saw a roach running on the wall next to my table.  Food wasn't ALL THAT anyway........it was okay, like you find in most nonseafood places, like diners, etc.  They're closed now so no loss to "me".We went to Snocky's with a $16.00 Entertainment coupon...I had the $25.95 Broiled seafood combination...it consisted of a salty, breadcrumbed crab cake, smaller than my palm piece of fish, 3 med shrimp and 3 med scallops and two sides....they were out of green beans, broccoli and lettuce and tomatoes....I got to choose from french fries, potato or macaroni salad, apple sauce, corn on the cob or stewed tomatoes...I chose the corn, which was waterlogged and tasteless and the stewed tomatoes which were sour and inedible....my 17 yo son got the fried catfish for $16.95...it was one 5"x3" over battered piece of fish....we have gotten much better meals at the diner for $9.99....two meals, no drinks, only water and I spent $37.00 with the tax, tip and discount...we left totally dissatisfied...and I have yet to mention the dirty tile walls (which can easily be cleaned with a squirt of windex) and dirty bathrooms...the health inspector needs to make his way to Snocky's for sure!...as another review I just saw while posting this said "STAY AWAY!!"3.75
Snockey's Oyster and Crab House is celebrating their 100th year in business and even though their age shows on the interior, I found it to be clean and they serve good food. Their menu is vast, especially in the seafood department, although they do offer a variety of steaks and chops.
Upon entering, you are greeted by a raw bar, featuring a shucker going to town on a wide variety of oysters and clams. Everything was well on ice, but I was a bit concerned to see an overflowing bucket of raw shrimps barely sitting on ice.
Next we were "greeted" by a very crass young "lady" who basically screamed at us to just go and sit down, I asked if we should grab menus and she gave me a very emphatic and elongated NOOOOOO, "you will get menus". I wanted to stick a huge wad of bubble gum in her mouth, then she would have been complete.
On the opposite side of the long raw bar are two top tables and beyond that is a small dining room that fills up quickly, nothing fancy, kind of reminded me of sitting in a cafeteria. The service isn't very friendly or attentive and the food takes quite awhile to come out of the kitchen, however we did enjoy the food that we had and it was good enough to make us a fan.
Michael started off with half dozen top necks, they also have little necks and cherrystones, they were very fresh, pink and plump and he was really enjoying them. I, in the meantime was enjoying a small portion of "Mrs. Snockey's original oyster stew", the broth was perfectly delicious and the oysters were so tender, I would hate to see the large, as this was a huge bowl of stew. They also offer a great variety of chowders, bisques and soups, such as Philadelphia snapper.
We then shared an order of clams casino, which has ham, peppers, onions and a nice kick of spices, these were different and very good indeed. For Michael's entree he ordered baked stuffed deviled clams, these were large and very filling, they were good, but nothing to say wow about, pretty much on the dry side, although they were devilish with a bit of a kick.
I had just made a good sized batch of lobster, shrimp and crab scampi, which we ate for two nights, so I was basically hungry for a good steak, even though I was in a famous seafood house. I ordered the porterhouse and they were out of it, so I decided to go with the filet, but noticing adding a lobster was not much more for the surf and turf, I quickly changed my mind. 
My filet was surprisingly tender, cooked a perfect medium rare and the lobster tail was broiled and cooked perfectly as well. Two sides come with each entree, hubs had French fries and Cole slaw and I had fresh sauteed green beans with lots of garlic and mushrooms and macaroni salad. The green beans were definitely the winner in the group.
The servers hand tally the checks and I happened to notice table after table complain about their checks, so when we got ours, it was way off, she did not question it, re-tallied it, so do be sure to check their charges and math.
They have all you can eat crab nights offering all types of crab, many seafood combinations and platters either broiled or fried. We both enjoyed the food enough that we will return. So grab your calculator and a piece of bubble gum and go!This place is a dive with no apologies about that. You want a relaxed atmosphere and great food at decent prices this is the place for you. 
However we came on a cabby recommendation who didn't  understand what we meant by "reasonably priced NICE place to celebrate our anniversary." Like I said this is a dive - so don't go for your special occasions. Otherwise go and enjoy the food! The staff is friendly and again the food was good!   
PS - get the green beans!Oysters, I could never explain them to my friends, besides saying that were absolutely awesome. They are one of my favorite foods and my search for the next best oyster or oyster house still continues.
My lady and I had a little Restaurant[.com] certificate here and decided to go. I have read the reviews here and was not impressed by the slow star count. Again, reassures me that Yelp is not always the best resource in choosing a place to eat.
Snockey's was wonderful. The place is small, but really cozy. It gives off a feel of a neighborhood hotspot, and I am sure that's how they like it since 1912. There were many pictures and memorabilia hung around the restaurant that gave off that "by the sea" feel. Even the menu looked like every other seafood joint. It was a bit dirty though, with some crab shells on the ground, but whatever, doesn't bother me. Good job, so far so good.
We got a dozen of oysters that they picked from what they had left. Four different kinds and four different flavors. Guess what, they were all good, especially the Long Island Salts. Really pronounced flavor, and again, I still cant describe the taste of a raw oyster to someone. No worms on the bottom of my metal plate, no grittiness either. Sorry to those who experienced that, but tonight it was just right. Please retry!
To add, we ordered some mussels, the girl loves mussels. Got some steamed up with garlic butter (white, as opposed to red) and were really tasty. A bit overcooked, which shrank its size, but none the less wonderful. 
Although we didn't order much, the place still deserves 4 stars. All the other food that was pushed out that night to surrounding customers looked so appetizing. Big, piling amounts of beautiful shellfish, that I am sure were cooked amazingly. 
All this food was consumed after a pretty much empty stomach. Been sick for the previous 3 days, and nothing better than oysters filling it back up. Oh gluttony, you can never run away from me. I will be back Snockey's, because your oysters are yummy.My food was delivered hot and good! The flounder was flakey and not too much breading. The mashed potatoes were to die for. I love freshly made potatoes!Great seafood happy hour here. Can't beat the prices for their shrimp and oysters and they have a decent beer selection for happy hour. This place has been around for a long time and you can tell as it does seem a little worn down and has an old fashion traditional feel to it. I have never been here for dinner, but this is a good happy hour spot and they even run happy hour on weekends and Eagles games.Not a good experience at all. Went on a Friday night at about 7 pm. We were sat fairly quickly and out order was taken. We sat with Oyster crakers and LOUSY horseradish for about 20 minutes when our clams came out. They were fresh and juicy but served with a poor excuse for cocktail sauce... (it is made with the lousy horseradish). We waited about another 30 minutes for the main course to come out... My wife had filler with some crab which they called crab cakes!!! I have a broiled seafood combo... Hey folks, paprika is a spice not a main course!!! The plater was drenched in paprika! Well, needless to say we would probably eat at Red Lobster before we go back to this Philly Legend...its original, as you can tell by the caked-on rotting seafood smell.
Had a few dozen clams here last week because I couldn't pass pass on 50 cent clams. I will say the clams were decent. Far from the best I've had but closer to the worst I've had. The owner was there. Very friendly and service was quick. The interior was very old and looks like nothing has been done to try to "spruce" the place up in a few decades.
My main gripe. Now I've worked in seafood houses and have had seafood and sketchy joints all over the world. having said that, the SMELL of Snockeys is UNACCEPTABLE! I'm not sure where in that place you have dead seafood hiding, but its there somewhere. It WREAKS of dead rotting seafood that you cant even get used to after sitting at the bar for an hour. Personally, I would suggest you shut down for a day or 2 and have  a professional cleaning service come in and clean house.
Bottom line; I'm just really not sure if I'd come back because the smell might just be too much, even at 50 cents a clam.I purchased the LivingSocial deal because I was always intrigued by the sign driving by on Washington Ave. and had never been. It was ok. The service was slow. The food was ok, and definitely not the best seafood I ever had. 
We ordered the Oyster Sampler with the 4 Blue Points, 3 Fried and 4 BBQ. The fried oysters were perfect. I have never had such a juicy fried oyster! Usually they are so dried out and rubbery so they definitely have that perfected. I was disappointed in the barbeque - I was expecting a more New Orleans style charred barbeque but this was just a raw oyster with barbeque seasoning and cold chopped peppers and onions on top. Not a fan. The Blue Points were fine, nothing to write about. 
For my entree, I ordered the Cajun Shrimp platter with green beans and mushrooms and fries. The sides were perfectly cooked. The green beans had a nice crunch to them still and the fries had that really nice crisp on the outside with the inside still soft and moist. The Cajun Shrimp, however, were more like Buffalo Shrimp. You could barely taste the cajun seasoning and it just tasted like shrimp tossed in buffalo wing sauce :( The shrimp did not taste very fresh either. They had a cleaner taste to them... Maybe it was the wing sauce? Who knows. My man ordered the Fried Flounder Sandwich and he was very pleased. I took a bite and thought the fried crust was nice but I hate flounder so I cannot judge. If you are looking for a cheap bite, I would check out the happy hour or the all you can eat crab leg dinner they have on week nights. And definitely order the fried oysters!Never a bad experience for us... Been coming here for years... Food is good and beer is cold. Staff is always attentive & on point. No it's not a classy restaurant, doesn't claim to be, but to relax and kick back n enjoy some seafood and beer, without playing dress up, this is the spot.This is definitely a place someone from Philadelphia can appreciate and enjoy. A tourist, probably not. It is not the most beautiful restaurant in the world and has a distinct smell to it. The staff was very friendly and helpful with food and drink suggestions.
I started with an array of oysters that seemed to be priced a lot lower than the nicer center city restaurants I've been going to, all were delicious.
Second we had the mussels in red sauce which tastes identical to the mussels in red at Chicky and Petes, which is a very good compliment in my book.
I ended with the Alaskan king crab legs and was happy with how they were, nothing too special just solid crab legs.
Overall I would recommend this place to someone that can over look the decor, smell and general cleanliness of this restraunt, not to say it's dirty but it's not squeaky clean. If you are really comfortable in a south Philly environment then definitely visit this queen village restaurant, I'll be back.I was out of town for a while, and just now planning a dinner out with friends from out of town, looking forward to Clammy Marys all around ... and now I find this. I'm gonna miss Snockey's and everything it represents -- unpretentious service, good prices, a sense of humor. Now it has a place in history. Thank you Skip and Ken and everybody who made Snockey's special.Not good. Started off with 2 dozen if 3 different kinds of oyster. The taste were good and they were fresh tasting. Every single oyster had multiple shell fragments. I ordered the broiled combo. Shrimp were the skinny frozen kind. The crab cake taste exactly like stove top stuffing (literally) with maybe a small spoonful of meat. The flounder was soggy. The scallops were horrible. I might go back for oyster special only. This place is over priced for the quality of food served. The staff was friendly. The decor is old and dirty, but some of the best places are old dumps.The place has been around for a while. It's dated but the shrimp po boy was great. The bread was soft and the shrimp must have been fried with cornmeal. Parking is on the street. Lunch specials are nice and the staff were friendly.The line should be around the block at this 99-year old Philly institution! 
We came back for a second night (Friday, 9/9) after a wonderful experience on Thursday.  Constantly changing raw bar selection and delicious fried oysters and pepper hash (don't ask, just try it).  The owner and waitresses recognized us and remembered our names after being here just 1 night - it's that kind of place.  Haven't seen a lot of "brotherly love" on this town but it's in ample supply here. Try it and you'll come back for more as this place is what neighborhood places are meant to be -  3rd generation for 99 years!
By the way, the lobster bisque is one of the best I've ever had.  Don't know what John B. was eating but I'd discount that review heavily.  This definitely is not the kind of place beautiful people go to be seen.  This is a neighborhood restaurant with great food and a down-home astmosphere.Go for Clammy hour.
Been here many times always good and beers always cold.
Do not expect much the place has been in business over 100 years.
Go here have the seafood, beer not the ambience.
Fresh clams and oysters!Seriously? How can you write a negative review of this place?  Clammy hour is amazing. The price is unbeatable and there is no affect like so many local restaurants. I am not calling it "fine dining", but most things you eat with your fingers don't classify as that either. No hipsters, no attitude...just good food.Crabs were on point and so were the lobsters. This place is nothing to look at inside but the food is out of this world.oh yeah, this place earns the tile "The Original" ... unlike churches that say "First Baptist Church of Zion" and the church next to it has a sign that says "Really The First Baptist Church of Zion"... You can tell by the interior that this Snockey's has been here for a while. I feel like even the waiters felt like true South Philly waiters who've been working there forever. Do you know what I mean?
Anyway, when I first walked in I was doubting that the food would be good. But then I remembered all the run-down seafood places I love in Baltimore and decided to not be so snobby. So we ordered a wide-array of food: something from the raw bar (littleneck clams), something fried (crab balls), something not crab but crabby (blue fish topped with crab imperial), and then king crab legs. All of it was good. For real. 
But then I had some friends come and get the oyster stew which was three oysters in butter and cream. Ick. 
And so I say this... You'll either hate or love this place depending EXACTLY on what you order. So it's definitely inconsistent. And as much as I hate to not like a place based on the decor, I definitely think that in a place that serves food, how well kept a place is can really do harm/good. Like even divey-ish food places and can still look clean ya know? You basically wanna believe that they're not frying food that's about to go bad... so with that being said, this was a hard place to review. I dunno, I'd come here again maybe but there are a handful of other seafood restaurants that I got nothin' to gripe about (Oyster House, Fish, Little Fish etc) so... would I come here again? Only time will tell. And Snockeys I'm sure, will still be there.This place is 100 years old and not only does it look like it and smell like it it's just two stars in my book. I believe they should be bought or consider new management The floors are filthy the place smells like bleach and it's almost scary to think you might get sick. I give it two stars because of the raw bar is good. The staff is nice but I've decided that are better raw bars seafood houses for the same cost.if they invested some money some new staff and clean the place up it would be a great place. It's a Philadelphia Icon and deserves better.  And their draft taps are  broken or they can't afford to turn them on so no draft beer.First time here in several years, can honestly say that the decor has not changed from my last visit which was more than 5yrs ago. Anyway I had a Living Social voucher I needed to use, I read some recent reviews online & had some mixed feelings but I had to find out for myself. The cocktail sauce, not red enough for me, too much of 1 thing, not enough of something else but I can't figure it out. I ordered the fried seafood platter that has scallops, crab cakes, etc.. Well the crab cake had too much filling for my taste, maybe only a tbsp of crab in the cake. The other things were okay. However I did notice that a lot of other patrons ordered the snow crabs which looked to be seasoned very well. The crab choices are slim, they only have blue (which are out of season), & Alaskan, no Dungeness crabs. Overall the service was good but not the Snocky's I remember from back in the day. I would like to nominate them for Restaurant Impossible if I could, at least to update the decor & maybe make some menu changes.It was a late night so we decided to get the food to go. Ordered steamed clams, shrimp, and crab balls.  All of it was great.  The clams were flavorful, butter was not necessary.  They were juicy, plump and not rubbery.  The crab balls could have used a little bit more crab but overall they were good.  I give Snockeys a 4 out of 5 because we didnt dine in.had the flounder and the portion was small and overcooked but the crab legs were goodEh I was way less than enthused about this place. I would take Anastasi's any day. The seafood seemed less than fresh. My shrimp were cheap, but sad. Oysters were okay.Decided to grab to go from here since our regular seafood joint was closed on Mondays. Let me start by saying I remember this place in its hayday from when I was a kid. It has certainly fallen WAY BELOW the standards of those days. The stench that hits me when we walked through the door should have been enough to turn me away but we were desperate for shrimp thought we give it a try. One word... HORRIBLE!!! Please heed my WARNING... Do not be fooled by the +3 star reviews this place has received. IT IS TERRIBLE! The decor is run down and in disrepair. The service staff is uncaring and unsanitary. The food, oh the food! We ordered 3 dozen Fried Shrimp, Fries and a Manhattan Clam Chowder. The Chowder had a brownish broth rather than the traditional reddish hue. Their were plenty of potatoes and vegetables but not many distinguishable clams in the bowl. The taste was terribly bland and after two spoonfuls I gave up. The Fries tasted old and literally stuck to your teeth as you chewed them. I really wanted to like the The Fried Shrimp. I tried hard to eat them but found there was no way they were cooked fresh. They were chewy and tastes as if they had been fried earlier and microwaved for service. Unacceptable! Needless to say we won't be returning and will warn every one we can to steer clear. What a shame! Ages ago this place was a Philly treasure. One of the best!After going to Route 6 last night for restaurant week I was reminded that I never reviewed Snockey's! I've been here three times and it's always been for the all-you-can-eat crabs. 
One time, they ran out of crabs. It was pretty early during the dinner hour, so I don't really know how that happened. I mean, if you're going to offer up a special like that wouldn't you make sure that you had the supply ready to go? Another thing that bothered me was that I was told I couldn't get the happy hour drink specials unless I was physically sitting at the bar. What is that about?
The joint is, overall, pretty damn dirty. "Grimy" may be the best word to describe it, actually. 
I'll pass on going back here again.ive been there twice and both times left disappointed
this last time i left not only disappointed with the food, but with the service as well
i ordered the baltimore style crab cakes, took one bite and thought they were filled with too much bread
it was obvious becuase i didnt eat them
the gentlemen that was serving us from behind the bar (later he said he was the owner) said there was nothing wrong with the crab cakes and insisted i pay for them, when i didnt even take 3 bites.
not only did he tell me theres nothing wrong with the crab cakes, he said that they are well known for having breaddy crab cakes
anyone known for having breaddy crab cakes should not be serving them in a seafood restaurant as baltimore style crab cakes
never before have i had an owner tell me he does not care if i come back to his restaurant
my only recomendation for this place is to avoid it
the food is not good and the service is even worseThe oysters are good, but that's about all that's good.
I went here once for their fried catfish and it was gross...slimy and inedible.  The wait staff was rude and inattentive.  They didn't even give us silverware or water.  Oyster crackers were stale.
Overall, fine if you're just going to take advantage of an oyster or clam special at the bar, but totally not worth it for a sit-down meal.I actually felt like a little kid that had been beaten up and someone stole their lunch money when I left this place.  The potatoes were crunchy, the broccoli was raw, the crabs were over cooked.  The price was about $10 cheaper per plate than you would spend at a more upscale fish restaurant which if I had known the food was this bad I would have gladly forked over the extra $20.
When I asked some of my friends what their experiences were - they told me you can really only go here to drink and eat at the raw bar.  Lesson Learned!