I'm from Cali but the breakfast here was fantastic. My sister is a chef and wanted the recipe for the jerk chicken. And can believe "red velvet waffles"? Who can imagine. Who woulda thunk....Got here about 10am on a Tuesday.  The service was poor - it took them about 5-10 minutes before anyone even approached our table to take our order.  It took a long time for the food to come out and when it did, nothing spectacular.  The "Boutique Sampler" was very sugary pancakes and French toast, overly sweet and cloying almost, topped with two very sad and very old strawberrys.  My wife's BLT was ok, but it took them another 5-10 minutes after they brought our food out to get my grandma's toast and refill her coffee.  The overall ambience is ok, but seating is limited and I was having to move my chair in very close to the table to avoid getting bumped by all of the people coming and going for their pick up orders.
I would not recommend this place, certainly for breakfast.  Maybe they're ok at other times of the day, but I won't be back.Recently had the chicken and waffles. Was very very satisfied. Waffles were nice and not too sweet. The chicken wings were awesome. About a year ago I had a breakfast platter and tore that up. Def recommend for anyone to try it. You will not be disappointed.First time trying this place and it was amazing. The place is totally clean and they have great customer service. The food is presented nicely and taste great. I will be returning.I enjoyed my meal at the The Breakfast Boutique 2. I never been to the The Breakfast boutique 1. I ordered a Banana foster french toast and it was yummy. The owner is great and own both great restaurants.   It was flavorful and made perfect. The toast was cooked and decorated nicely.I ordered breakfast for pick up. When I got there it was wrong and the waitress fixed it. When I got home I found out that they took the eggs off my turkey bacon egg and cheese bagel (as they were supposed to) but didn't put the turkey bacon back on it. I called to let them know about the problem and drove 15 min. back to BB. The waitress said "oh I'm sorry" and that was it. No compensation was offered. Also, got home to see my cheese grits had 2 pieces of unmelted cheese sitting on top which made the grits cold. Not a good day for me and Breakfast Boutique....Jesus Christ!!!
The buttermilk waffles MELTED in my mouth. I ordered the Jerk Chicken and Waffles for only $10. The portion was wonderful.
My mouth is literally watering thinking about going again. Come to this restaurant. I dare you.I must first start off by saying how amazing the food was. It was seasoned just right and this is where the 4 stars came from.
THE DISSAPPOINTMENT. .. when we walked in and sat ourselves it took forever for a staff member to to acknowledge us. It wasn't until i asked the young lady her name then she assisted us. When the food came out half of the items were very very cold (it wasnt until i walked to restroom i felt the other room was without heat which could explain the cold food)they were very helpful in correcting it which i was pleased with. Also..my friend ordered the Easy Morning Breakfast which is eggs/grits/meat/toast which was 6.50 origginally..she asked foe egg whites  instead of whole eggs and added tomatoes spinach and cheese. For the meat she asked for turkey bacon she expected to pay a lil extra (even though the waitress didnt say that)when she got her bill it was 16.00..veggies was 2.50 (more than the bacon at .50) just seemed extreme. The overall experience is that the food was good just feel the customer service &  ala carte pricing needs drastic improvement.First time going, and was very pleased. Food options were plenty. Many different type of breakfast options. I ordered the red velvet waffles. So delicious. The staff was polite, a bit quiet and hard to find sometimes but overall it was great. Nice cozy and quiet spot.Healthy food? Probably not. Delicious food? Absolutely! Kind staff, great food. Small place but we've never had to wait for a table even on a weekend. Would highly recommend to others!Impressive specialty dishes that'll keep you coming back! Easy location with actual available on street parking, keep aware from scum parking authority tho. 
       Warm staff and a good amount of seating, they also take cards which is a rarity for mom and pop breakfast spots. I got the shrimp and grits and order of stuff French toast. I have got to say, amazing texture and flavor. I'll be coming back for these dishes again. 
Looking forward to new locations that are closer to home.I brought my 5 year old son here on a rainy day... We were able to be Saturday right away. The food was delicious. Sooo good I had to order another fish and grits to bring home to my fiance.OMG. The BEST pancakes on the planet! This is one of Philly's best kept secrets. Breakfast is my favorite meal and I've had to go to NJ to find it. Thank you Breakfast Boutique for GREAT, quality food and customer service.This place is amazing! The food is delicious and the presentation is beautiful as well. Don't even bothering going to IHOP anymore. Since it was our first time here the chef Robert actually come out to meet us. He noticed that we played it safe a bit with our selection. He then offered us one of their specialties, the Stuffed French Toast, free of charge. I have never been to a restaurant where the chef was so approachable and willing to share his speciality to a new customer. I definitely plan on stopping by again in the near future.Had a delicious salmon cake breakfast.  Great service and reasonable price.  Loved itThis is really my spot! GREAT FOOD FOR THE RIGHT PRICE! Service is a bit slow sometimes but outside of that this place is perfect. Highly recommend giving them a try if you haven't already.Walked in to the Breakfast Boutique and was instantly greeted by most of the staff! It immediately made me feel warmly  welcomed since I was dining alone. 
I was looking for a little place to possibly work on  my laptop and eat good food. Asked the server which table had an outlet  and he pleasantly directed me to the table that had it.
Server gave me the complete rundown on how great of a place the Breakfast Boutique is and suggested I tried the "Bob Marley"...which I did and it was delicious! I believe it's lemonade and fruit punch. Can't recall. 
I intended on working on a few things on my laptop but the server indicated that the wifi wasn't currently working (slightly disappointed because that's one of the reasons why I came in).
I ordered a side of cornbread, sautéed shrimp and grits with cheddar cheese on top.
Can I talk about the cornbread for a second honey? Oh...my...gawd. That baby came out warm on the plate and melted in my mouth like nobody's business! So good! Ugh!
Okay, I hope you got the picture!
The sautéed shrimp and grits was delicious! The presentation was good and the shrimp was a good size! Fulfilling!
The price for the shrimp & grits was $10.99 and the cornbread was $2. Reasonably priced and worth every cent.
Overall, customer service was great! Everyone spoke, smiled and made sure I was okay. The Breakfast Boutique is a small restaurant (in the front) that did its best to decorate, keep it clean and inviting. I believe in the back it's a bit bigger for other things (not sure).
Can't wait to try some other foods on their menu! Mmmm!The waitress was very accommodating but the food was not good pancake was bitter and powdery and very thick !! The lemonade supposedly homemade but it tasted like homemade kool-aidOur first visit here was a good one. I ordered pancakes (were just ok, kinda stiff) beef bacon and eggs. The boyfriend had the jerk chicken and waffles which was Devine. It's now Saturday 11/7/15 and I called to place an order at 6:52 am and the phone keeps ringing and going to the mailbox which is full. Perhaps the business hours need to be adjusted on their site or maybe they're just running on CPT today. Either way... Highly disappointed. I wanted to try the stuffed French toast this time. Oh well, off to the market to get in the kitchen and prepare breakfast myself.I first stumbled upon this place via yelp, and I'm so glad I did. Came here with a friend and he had the fish (whiting) and grits, and i got the chicken and waffles. i wanted the fish and he wanted the chicken so we just traded those. He's from down south
Growing up my favorite time of the year was Easter so that I could get pancakes for dinner on pancake day. So now anytime as an adult, If I can get fish and pancakes together at any point of the day, I am beyond happy. The fish and chicken were crispy and seasoned oh so beautifully with cornmeal. My friend is from Georgia and he said the grits were good also. 
Came back here a few more times with my parents and other friends and they all ordered egg dishes/traditional breakfast items and said they were delicious. Sure it looks like a hole in the wall, and it is a bit cramped, but the food is definitely worth the wait if there is one. A lot of people call in orders for to-go so that is also an option. I love supporting black businesses and I have had no bad experiences with this restaurant.They are getting five stars and I would have seriously given them 10 if could have. Let's start off with the great. Very friendly service. I was getting takeout but the young woman who took my order was extremely nice and when my food was taking a little longer she assured me that it was on its way. And it really wasn't that long of a wait.
I had the red velvet waffles and a side of turkey bacon. Let's start with I am not a fan of red velvet, there is only one place I get red velvet cupcakes from (see my review) because it's often done wrong, so very wrong but I ventured out of my comfort zone and got them and boy was I over the moon happy that I did. They were the best red velvet waffles ever. The cream and strawberry compote that came on the waffles was divine. Just a really good waffle, get texture and great taste. The turkey bacon was the good slab turkey bacon that I love. Cooked right. Putting syrup on the waffle would have been sacrilege, it doesn't need syrup it stands well on it's own with the cream and compote. Putting syrup on it would be an injustice. Just my two cents. 
Great food, excellent prices, and friendly service. I WILL BE BACK AND BRINGING FRIENDS! 
Many people can do a good breakfast but very few can do a great breakfast. They do a great breakfast. Go and support them I know I am! :)Great place for breakfast/lunch whatever your heart desires. Good portion with reasonable prices! Had the fish and grits it was great and tried my friend's red velvet pancakes with cream cheese on the side, that was delicious! Plenty parking on the street.Had a horrible BLT here. Ordered out, got home and saw that they gave me a BLT with two pieces of bacon, all the spine of the romaine lettuce, and the ends of the tomato.  It wasn't cheap ($7.00) OR appetizing. I had to take off the veggies just to eat this thing. Not impressed.Nope, Had better will not return sorry! Staff was great food nope nope nope my daughter red velvet  waffle was sour taste bad better had to send it. I'm good Nope NOPE!!The food is pretty good . But already check your food before leaving, I was given really burnt food once but other than that the food is pretty good . Only big downside is there is almost always Long wait times usually 
Order shrimp n grits, strawberry pancakes, the hungry man specialThe food was delicious!!! The waitress was sweet. Food didn't take long. It could just use a little remodeling. The table was unbalanced and just old. I would definitely go back.We waited for a few minutes while a table was cleared and the surprising trash on the floor was swept up. After getting seated, we ordered coffee. It was brought promptly. We were then treated to being completely ignored for the 35-45 minutes. Not one of the 3 or 4 wait staff took our order or even spoke to us. The person that brought the coffee is not a waitress. Customers who were seated at the same time as us and some who arrived after us were served and left while we still waited. Inexcusable lack of service.
We were in this place more than an hour before our food was served. 
Incompetent, indifference or plain ignorance is no way to make a first impression.OMG!!! The Rum Cake and Lemon Cake are delicious. The size is worth the money and the taste .... Mmmmmm  mmmm good. 
Just want to thank the service this morning and the extra push (for both slices).Food is amazing especially the green eggs and ham and the potatoes (I usually end up taking some to go) but the wait for food is a little rough. 20-30 minutes at least the past two times I went :-/ however, I keep going back so there's something to say about that!This was place was great! Friendly staff, no wait time, and food was deeeelicious! I had the Jerk Chicken & Waffles... Very good. Portion sizes are pretty big so think about that when ordering. Also, if you get lemonade, don't freak out when you see that it's bright green lol. At first I was confused but it tastes exactly like lemonade & it was very good! The place overall is tiny but a very comfortable atmosphere and I will definitely be coming back here again! :)Yelp usually doesn't steer me wrong, but this time I shouldn't have listened. Service was slow, although the waitress was pleasant. Ordered two Easy Morning breakfasts (eggs, choice of meat, home fries or gets and toast) and one Hungry Man breakfast (eggs, four meats, pancakes, home fries or grits). Food took a long time and came out lukewarm. Next time we're in Philly we will go somewhere else.What a treat to have found this fabulous restaurant for Sunday morning breakfast! The manager was such a delight, and the staff are super attentive and friendly. We were lucky enough to have a table in the back to see all of the wonderful meals coming out of the kitchen. Perfect jerk chicken and waffles, enough said! Next time, I will be ordering the Jumbo shrimp and grits though, it looked superb! We will definitely be going back to this wonderful little gem! Footnote: the presentation of the food is spectacular!Best fish and grits in town along with their other food..staff is excellent and owners care about your experience.Not sure how this place has 4 stars on yelp. The food was a little below average. The fresh squeezed lemonade tasted like county time lemonade or koolaid at best. Breakfast is pretty simple not sure how they missed the mark.If you continue to do the same thing it is considered to be insanity! Ok so here is the beginning. My bf stopped here and ordered us breakfast, I got the red velvet pancakes and bacon he got something regular bacon eggs and pancakes. They told us half and hour wait, so we get there 40 minutes later and still had  to wait another half and hour (what in the world)! After the long wait we drive home which is literally 5 mins away. The food was cold when we arrived home nothing was even warm. Maybe two months after my bf said maybe it was a bad day (he loves promoting black own businesses) lets try again, so we did and guess what my breakfast boutique sampler was ummmm you guessed it cold and the only fresh fruit I was given was a ripe strawberry! Now lets fast forward a year. Yup he got me again but this time I ordered shrimp and grits, and to my disbelief they were hot (fooled me) they were ok not really seasoned, but not bad once I dressed them up. Side Note the half and half is really good got one every visit. Now lets talk present time, and this time it was all me. I call in my order of chicken and waffles and a half and half lady tells me 20 mins (of course I take my time) when I arrived food not finished I waited an extra five minutes for my food now this time is my first time ever stepping foot in the place I never went in with my bf ( a little outdated to be kind of new), but let me carry on... The lady opens the container and its chicken and PANCAKES "oh the waffle machine is down she says." Im ok with it I guess because hey I waited this long. Then she gets my half and half which isn't the two colors I am use to, so now I'm like whats going on! But then it happens she knocked my drink over spilling some juice and didn't even top it back off! I shouldn't even had been charged for the juice because of my waffles but I wasn't going make a scene. BB good luck to you, but my service with you  is over!!!Called and order food, pleasant customer service. Food was ready for pickup. Seriously delicious and freshly made food.  Shrimp and grits and stuff French toast A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Will be returning definitely.This is the real deal.  Trying to avoid the overpriced hipster joints and want real breakfast by folk who understand home fries should be seasoned and grits should be thick, creamy goodness? This is your spot. Whiting and grits, turkey or beef bacon, bomb pancakes and french toast and eggs like you asked for - it's all right here, plus good music to bop your head to while you work it out. The staff are awesome - quick, courteous and professional service.Tasty, friendly service. I had omelette w grits which was great, especially the grits. The person I was with had jerk chicken sandwich and loved it so it's not only breakfast they do serve lunch and dinner but not Mon-weds bc they close early at 2:30. Check it out.GREAT FOOD!!! This is the first time that I have been here in about 3 years, and after my service today, I will definitely go back more often. My waitress was awesome, & the pancakes were amazing! I would have given it a 5, but my potatoes were a lil bland.Chef Rob and his wife Desiree opened up The Breakfast Boutique in fall 2012 in West Oak Lane. They serve delicious breakfast and lunch on a daily basis 6:30am-2:30pm. Also, go there on Sundays for an awesome Sunday Brunch 10am- 4pm. Specialties include Steak & Eggs, Red Velvet Pancakes and Chicken & Waffles.Breakfast was delicious and very fulfilling. Cute family style breakfast boutique spot with fresh food hot and served with a friendly smile. Definitely a hidden gem. Good for small families and couple dining.This was my 2nd time coming here and I was very happy with the food. I got the red velvet pancakes which were to die for. Absolutely delicious.The staff was very friendly. My only criticism is that one of our orders had hair on the food and the eggs were not cooked to order. They did the order again but this caused us to wait an extra 10 minutes. Since we had to wait longer, I asked for a cup of coffee, which I had to pay for. It would have been nice if, for the inconvenience of having to wait longer, we were offered a complimentary beverage. Just a customer service tip. But overall, thoroughly enjoyed the food.Heard about this spot constantly, but never local to order. Until this am. Not super hungry but had a sweet tooth I called in for the Red Velvet waffle a friend told me about. Called said 15 minutes, I arrived in 10. Waitress showed me my waffle looked good, service was pleasant. On the go I immediately started to eat it and it was cold and hard and dense-very tough(batter was over-mixed! I have worked in a breakfast diner before) This was definitely not freshly made, or someone left it out away from heat too long! Not really happy that I paid almost $10 for a pink waffle (I don't do Strawberry compote--or any wet toppings rather I dislike soggy waffles) I don't mind paying money for something GOOD, unfortunately this mishap, won't have me as return customer.This was my third and final patronage at the Breakfast Boutique; I ordered the Jumbo Shrimp and grits with cheddar cheese but Sunday morning I got 6 large shrimp with a pinch of chedder cheese, it was room temperature and very bland.  My friend was lucky enough to get 3 jumbo shrimp and 3 large shrimp with at least a teaspoon of cheddar cheese but their food was also bland.  When I brought it to their attention, the staff was rude so I decided to count my losses and never return.  I am so disappointed in what appeared to be a nice place to have breakfast after church and fellowship with my friends but I will have to go back to the diner type of establishments where they at least admit their shortcomings.Had a reservation, waited 25 min to be seated and once seated no one came to the table for 15 mins so we left, couldn't even find any staff to tell them we had decided to leave because of the waitLove this place I actually came here three weekends in a row and also switched it up to takeout....only one suggestion, staff needs to be a little more attentive to accommodating the customers! And the food is always consistent!The Breakfast Boutique has a low-key storefront exterior, so we weren't sure what to expect, but the cheery interior and friendly staff made it immediately clear that we were just where we wanted to be. Fantastic breakfast food and it's available at lunchtime, too. Boyfriend had the jerk chicken and waffle combo, which was the perfect balance of spicy and sweet. I had the red velvet pancakes, which were beautifully presented with strawberries and buttercream. If we hadn't been so happily full, we'd have never made it past the case of tempting cakes without indulging in a piece.I was so impressed , I decided to write my first review. Cozy and Quaint! Relaxing music, Great atmosphere. Exceptional customer service. Menu has a lot of options. Will come again! Oh yeah....xfinity wifi is a plus!I live less than a mile away and was pleasantly surprised to find this breakfast spot. Ive always ordered take out but Every time I visit Ive encountered nothing but courteous and polite staff.
Ok, so for the food I gave 4 stars because there are some items on the menu that Ive tried & wouldn't order again. I'll start with what I liked. i've tried the shrimp and grits &  this combo is amazing. Fresh herbs and this alone is very filling. I usually share with my boyfriend so we pair this with the stuffed french toast. Very delicious, the servings are huge & enough to share.
Recently Ive tried the chicken & waffles. I wasnt impressed. The chicken was fried strangely & the waffles were too soft/soggy. This is why I gave 4 out of 5 stars. Im sure there are other great menu items that I havent tried just yet. Give em a try, overall great experience I'll stick to the items I liked most
Update: After ordering more over the past few months, Im hooked & had to give 5stars. U cant go wrong with the Shrimp & Grits. No-one makes it like them. Beyond friendly service & I love that the owner is Always there front & center to ensure u are satisfied.Stopped in for breakfast with the family on  Sunday.  Was greeted by a pleasant young lady & was seated quickly.  The red velvet waffle, shrimp & grits and fried tilapia was GREAT!!  Will visit again but will ask not to be seated next to the beverage box...every time it was opened and closed the cold air was was annoying.Honestly, they need to rename the fish and grits after me! I have gotten it every visit except one. LOL So, obviously that is my favorite, but I did have the chicken salad. Very good. 
What you should expect? Great service, great food and fantastic presentation. Really I go 4-5 times a month and usually bring a newbie that hasn't been. It is the best way to win friends and influence people. Thanks to the owners Robert and Desiree Pollard for all their tireless work to bring a great eatery to the neighborhood. :)I enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.  The service was friendly and prompt.  I wil be back to try the red velvet waffles that I keep hearing about. I had the buffet and went back twice for the fish.Food was just ok and friendly staff just get here early. The restaurant is small and accepts a lot of takeout orders so our wait was extremely long for just waffles and shrimp & grits.Amazing!! Had the shrimp and grits, chicken and waffles and the hungry man. Best breakfast around. Will definitely come back soon!Absolutely amazing out of this world breakfast!! So glad we stopped and will definitely come again. Food is cooked from scratch daily, the service is super friendly! Make sure you stop and try the boutique sampler!Every time my husband and I come here we are NEVER disappointed with the food or service! You receive large portions of nothing but deliciousness! Come with a big appetite! My favorite is the Shrimp and Grits, but I have yet to try everything on the menu.The food here is amazing but the service is sub-par so just adjust your expectations. From the outside it looks rather dubious but the food is high quality and innovative. The name definitely fits. This place is leaps beyond the other typical neighborhood breakfast stores. I came early (around 9am) on a Sunday. It's small inside --maybe 10 tables--and most of them were occupied. We chose a table and sat. It took quite a while (about 5 minutes) for someone to come over and take our drink order, about 5 more minutes for the drinks to arrive at which point she told us she wasn't our server so we had to wait again to place our order although we were ready when we sat down. So about 15 minutes altogether to get an order in. I had read reviews (and saw the hilariously captioned empty table pic someone posted) so I was prepared for this. The food came in a reasonable amount of time and was beautifully presented and delicious. I had the shrimp and grits and homefries which were perfectly seasoned, and savory. The shrimp were huge and garlicky and delicious. Highly recommend this dish!  My partner had the bluelicious pancakes and beef bacon which were both excellent. I will definitely be back to support this Black owned business.This was on  Monday  September  14
Service was great!  Hanna was fantastic!
Entire staff were friendly.
Had the chicken and waffles, very, very good!
My mom had  the early morning  breakfast platter, she truly  enjoyed it!
Now, September 16
Mother and I ordered the whiting  fish lunch to go
It was good, with one problem  --- the fish  was a little soggy, because of the butter from the grits; fish was still very good and grits on point.  Would like if the fish could be kept crispy.
I will be back, great place for breakfast and lunch.
Now, I want be back until May, after the snow
I live in Cerritos, CaliforniaWe decided to visit the BB after the great reviews and delicious photos of breakfast. I was quite satisfied with the food. I'd ordered the chicken and waffles and my friend ordered the fish and grits. Everything was tasty and cooked well. The service was friendly and ran well. Portions were average when comparing similar places we've been to that have larger portions.  Overall, it was nice and I plan to return to try other things!!Had breakfast here on my last trip to Philly. Solid salmon cakes and grits. Not much atmosphere, but while I dined I noticed a lot of people picking up orders. Seems like Saturday mornings are the time for The Breakfast Boutique.I was anticipating visiting this place after my boyfriend praised how great it was. I was not disappointed! We came around 11 am on a Saturday and were politely greeted and seated right away. I ordered the French toast, scrambled eggs with cheese, and turkey bacon. It came out in less than 10 minutes, hot and full of flavor. The French toast had a tasty side of strawberry glaze that was not too sweet, and complimented the flavors in the toast well. The eggs were cooked perfectly, as was the bacon. Our service was also very good. Our server checked on us regularly, and was patient with it being my first time and not knowing what to order right away. The restaurant was also cozy, and clean. Upon leaving we learned that they have a grub hub option for ordering, which is what I am doing right now (they also have lunch and dinner). Try this place!!!!!Best breakfast in the area! Jerk chicken and waffles? What a different combination,  but good. Also their shrimp and grits was excellent. And i hate grits. They have many different types of pancakes too. The place is pretty small but moved pretty fast.First time going very nice staff and place was nice . My husband ordered the fish and grits and I got the red velvet waffle with a side of grits and sausage . Everything. Was so tasty and my husband enjoyed his food as well . I would recommend it , the bill came to 26$ reasonably priced !Stumbled upon this little gem when my friend and i realized the diner we originally wanted to go to had closed indefinitely. It might not look like a lot from the outside, but the breakfast boutique is a cute, clean and welcoming spot. 
Our waitress was nice and not overbearing. She gave us plenty of time to order and answered any questions we might have had. 
I ordered the usual brunch order: eggs, meat, potato, toast. It was the perfect portion and super affordable! My buddy got an omelette which was not only huge, but very delicious as well. 
Im pretty sure its a Family owned establishment. They are definitely doing something right :) if im ever in the area will stop by again!On a hunt to find a breakfast place in Philly, my mom, sister and I decided to try this place. On the entrance, it wasn't a fancy sight to see but we were pleasantly seated and accommodated by a young man. After taking down our drink and meal orders, we waited but only a short while until our orders came out hot from the kitchen..only about 10-15 minute wait. I ordered the stuffed french toast with sweet cream cheese and a side of scrambled eggs with cheese and it was so good! My family ordered their meals and they were equally pleased with their orders. Our drinks were refreshed all the time and we left with happy smiles and the "itis". Great job!This is my favorite breakfast spot. The food is always so delicious. You get a lot of food for what you pay for. The staff is very warm and inviting. They are quick to respond to your needs and the atmosphere is welcoming.This will be my new Favorite breakfast spot. I always pass this spot walking my dog or on my way to the grocery store, it always look closed. I had a friend that lives in the area that told me just pull door handle.  Well I decided to pull the door handle and i'm glad I did. It's a small spot but the food has big flavors.  They brought out a stack of pancakes for another customer,these pancake look like they should have been on a commercial!  My friend ordered pancakes and egg and those pancakes were light and fluffy. I had fried whiting and grits so good. I will be going back to try more of their menu!I'm from Cali but the breakfast here was fantastic. My sister is a chef and wanted the recipe for the jerk chicken. And can believe "red velvet waffles"? Who can imagine. Who woulda thunk....Me & my friend were NOT impressed. I had the salmon cake & it was dry.  I also ordered scrambled eggs with cheese & toast which were both very hard.  The only think that I did enjoy was the grits which they forgot to bring out in the beginning.  She had turkey bacon, pancakes, & hot chocolate (she didn't drink it) & it was alright.  So needless to say we will NOT be going back.
I really wanted to go to Green Eggs Cafe & if my friend had of gotten the call she received 5 minutes earlier we could've went there instead.Can't really score..walked in to this location and had a 25min wait. Called the other location which had no wait so we left. Smelled good though lol.The food is delicious but artery-clogging; they need to go easy on the salt and the margarine! Also, please use real butter, thanks!What a wonderful little find! Came in here because it was on the way to a place I needed to go later in the day, and the kids were hungry.
We came in and the place was packed - always a good sign. We came in just after another group of three, which meant waiting. However, the staff were incredibly accommodating, letting the kids sit at the counter and giving us drinks while we waited.
After a while, we were seated, and the server was around very quickly to take our order. The time from order to food service was a bit long, hence the one star off - but it was definitely worth it. Everything smelled and tasted fresh and like it was made with care. Both kids cleared their plates, which doesn't always happen.
Both the server and the manager were more than attentive and continued to apologize and reassure us that our food was being prepared shortly. That definitely made the wait feel less and made us feel well cared for.
I will definitely be making the trip up more often.I had the grits, whiting, and stuffed French Toast. All was delicious and I'm stuffed.Nothing bad to say about this place. 
I'm always a little skeptical about breakfast places because I am very particular about my breakfast food, but everything here is prepared fresh and it's delicious.
A bonus is that they show you your order before you take it out the door with you.
Also, the food is affordable! I don't minds spending money on good food/service, but it's nice to get great quality for such a bargain.Literally my favorite place when it comes to their shrimp and grits. If you want quality shrimp that are seasoned well and grits that are made so deliciously this is your place. It's pretty quick based on the time you go but I definitely recommend you to try this breakfast spot. Oh and their green tea drink (idk what it's call but it's literally green) is green and delicious as well. They just expanded in another  location so get in where you fit in lolI onlyyyyy come here for the shrimp & grits Tasty. Customer service is impeccable. Also, the store is really small. If you don't like tight spaces, take your food to go.Had the stuffed french toast...SLAMMIN! Maybe the best I've had and the portion was enough to share. I was a little nervous about the wait time after reading some other Yelpers reviews. However, I called ahead and my food was ready in the 10 minutes the staff told me it would take. 
No question that I'll be back and I'll probably take a few friends with!This place was rated very high for good reason!
On a Sunday day for brunch though, it was about a 30 minute wait and then they said 45 minutes more to get our food!  However the manager came and explained that she doesn't think it will be that long at all, so we stayed.
Soooo glad we did.  All food is made fresh to order.  The cheese grits, the velvet pancakes and stuffed French toast were amazing along with their cinnamon pancakes and omelette and breakfast potatoes.
My daughter had chicken and waffles and was very Happy!
Seemed like a tougher neighborhood (we live in Chestnut Hill) and want to share that it felt very safe and there was a diverse crowd and the staff super friendly and nice.  The manager Hannah handled all the demands of customers with a smile.  
Honestly, even when I got attitude with her about it taking another 45 minutes, she was calm, asked what we ordered and said it shouldn't take that long.
We got our food in about 20 minutes.  Super fresh and super yummy!
Now I'm a fan and want to recruit then to come to Chestnut Hill!
Love it!Ordered through uber eats. Fish and grits. Don't understand why the fish wasn't drained of the grease!!!!!!! Grits was loaded with butter. Feel my arteries clogging...  smh please do better. Never again. Presentation was nice tho...Hanna provided great service, and the shrimp and grits was delicious. Very nice environment. Thanks!!