Cool place to check out, it's sort of in a strange area, but well worth the visitDrinks were fine but expensive and there was an issue with being charged for phantom beverages. When I approached the bartender he rolled his eyes, laughed in my face, and said he would get his manager. The manager apologized, claimed he would fix it, and after talking to a waitress who didn't take my order took it off the bill. Check my account the next day and the corrected amount is debited. So too were the other drinks in a separate transaction. I will never be seen there again.A fun party and a chill vibe in the same bar. This place has a really interesting mingling of themes. There's disco, happy go go dancers, projections of 60's era performers, and restored ruin peeling paint & Edison bulb styling.  For those that love to request their favorite pop songs, sorry not sorry. It's only disco and it's only records. I enjoyed a $3 Summer Love in a can on a Saturday night. It was full, but not overcrowded. There's two different sections. The bar area, and the dance area. So bring your dance loving, and dance hating friends. The go go dancers wore gold sequined bras, and long high waisted blue satin skirts. They were healthy and looked like they were having a good time. No over-gyrating or looking strung out.Laughable bar service. Aaron is so poor a service employee, even his mother can't be proud. 
Update: I spoke with bar owners who couldn't have been more gracious or apologetic. There's a bad apple behind the bar, but this is otherwise a cool scene.This place is great.  I love the paired down walls and lo-fi vibe they've accomplished with the re-opening.  To re-model the whole place would have taken away the loft district charm.  The lamps on the walls have cages around them and they reminded me of the classic sparseness of Eastern State Penitentiary.  
I went for the first time this past Wednesday night for Secret Cinema with a friend.  Well, I got there a little late and there wasn't anymore room in the movie.  I was soooo bummed and I dejectedly went to a table out side of the film area to drink my freshly poured beer that I had hoped to drink while watching the films.  I had already bought them and I only stayed to finish them, and I'm really glad I did because my mood quickly changed as I sat in that space.  About halfway into my Dogfish Aprihop, I was feeling better and hungry.  I could still see some of what was going on on the projection room, and we didn't pay the admission, so I was fine about it.  I had gotten there right at 8- when the show started, so it was really kinda my own fault.
We ordered some food- a Spinach Salad and Mac n'Cheese.  While we were waiting, A guy named Ian introduced himself.  He told us he was sorry about us not getting in and that it was the first Secret Cinema they had done there.  We talked a bit and he was a really cool guy with a sweet british accent (which I am always smitten with, anyway).  By that time I was totally cool about all of it, and even a little embarrassed for reacting the way I did.  Then, Ian gave us a round of drinks. This sort of thing has never happened to me in a restaurant (except for ones that I worked at).  I didn't realize until then that he was the owner.  He was very humble and sweet and he understood what was going on- that I was unhappy and stayed anyway because that place is just a nice place to drink a beer.
So I was already happy and happier and then the food came out.  It was just great.  The Mac and Cheese was really creamy- very classic 50's style- the pasta was shell pasta.  The best part-- it had crispy fatback on top.  Like bacon- or the korean samgyupsal -the top part of the bacon that is all fat and soooooo good.  It was very crispy and went really well with the Mac and cheese.  We also had a Spinach salad that was really good and fresh.  The dressing was slightly sweet and tangy and it was loaded with fruit and blue cheese.
If you have seen any of my other reviews, I'm brutally honest.  There was nothing bad I can say about this place.  All the employees were great, the vibe was up and I was not able to be in any sort of bad mood while I sat there, because it was so comfortable.  These guys are paying attention, and it shows.  
Thanks, Ian, and I'll definitely be back!This is one of my favorite bars in Philadelphia. The drinks are great but not over priced, the crowd is cool and the yuppies do not know about it. Not to mention they are usually have a dj playing great music on the weekends. All in all the Trestle is a great spot.The manager here was great. We were accidentally charged the wrong amount and the manager contacted us through Yelp and reimbursed us. The drinks here were great, well made and strong. We had a great time dancing. The place is very clean and well kept and the staff was friendly. Great time !Laughable bar service. Aaron is so poor a service employee, even his mother can't be proud.Rude staff. Arrived at 10:03 and was presented with the $5 cover begining at 10. With no cash but designs on charging a few whiskey sours my wife and I were sent off into the rain.Love this place, always have fun,great drinks and food,Visited here with a group of co-workers after our holiday party on a Friday night. This place wasn't my choice but I figured I'd give it a chance. Overall cool bar with a unique atmosphere but the staff was horrible. 
I understand this is a unique kind of bar, but if you don't like what they're serving then don't expect the bartenders to try to accommodate you. I'm not a huge whiskey person, so I stepped up to the bar to ask for a shot of southern comfort (no judgement, please) and the bartender looked at me like I had 4 heads and said "nope, we don't have that." On to my next basic choice, I asked for green tea shots which are probably as common as miller lite beer. He replied "nope don't have anything to make those". Are you kidding? You're a bar in the city on a Friday night and you don't have Jameson, peach schnapps, or sour mix?? Give me a break. I see in other reviews that people have had similar experiences when trying to order drinks here and I would think for a business that money is money and they would try to have a full bar to please everyone but that's not the case here. This place had a fun vibe and cool dance floor but next time I'll take my money, and tip money, to a place that actually has a functioning bar for all tastes and friendly service.A solid place to go. Most people have said their $5 happy hour whiskey sour is amazing and after reading so many good things about it, I thought I would give it a try. Terrible. It was poured out of the soda gun, had no whiskey in it, and just tasted like lemon water. I ended up just sticking with Jack on the rocks for $5, which is a great deal. Also beer there during happy hour is $2 off. Many people will argue that they have one of the best happy hours in Philly which I completely disagree with. But all in all, pretty laid back and nice place to goThe new Trestle Inn is worth checking out, it's a good addition to the loft district, with decent whiskey sours and a lot of atmosphere. I'll be back.This place is great! The drinks are delicious and unique. The bartender, Scott, was awesome! He was very attentive and spot on with his drink recommendations! I've been here twice now and hope to return! The GoGo dancer there around 8pm last night was also great! She was super adorable and you could tell she was having a great time!never again
Overpriced hipster place with nasty drinks and no air conditioning. 
The bar itself is super small, it it took us 20 minutes to get drink. Seems like bartenders were ignoring us on purpose. Go-go dancers were pretty big, sorry to say that, but most customers would have made a better dancers.
There is a dance floor on the back, but go there just if you love to be surrounded by sweaty  people, who would like to spill drinks on you non-stop and touch you for nor reason at all. 
I would never go there again and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.The place looks like a hole from the outside, but from the inside, the Trestle is where it's at  I've been here twice now- once for Sunday Drag Brunch, and once for a pre-Underground Arts outing.  Both times were great!  For the Drag Brunch, i had an amazing vegetarian mash up of all sorts of different stuff.  The mushroom hash sticks with me months later as an incredible idea.  I didn't eat the 2nd time, but my friends did, and they seemed happy.  Drinks are creative, and strong, and priced fairly.  The place has this incredible retro vibe that I just love, and the dancers play right into it.  Very sexy, very burlesque...Here is where it's at: Drinks are decent, music is good, clientele is hip, location is awkward, and it is packed on weekends.
If you are into girls or boys with glasses your dad wore in the 1980's, this might be your place to meet your next relationship. If you own the in-crowd boxset, this place is basically playing that kind of stuff the whole time. If you live in the eraserhood (thanks to philebrity for teaching me this clever name for this area), then it isn't that awkward, is it? If you dig whiskey cocktails, you will get your swerve on.
Overall, I have been to bars like that, and this one is unique. It's not a five or four, but I would go back anyways. I had enough fun. Probably not on a Saturday night.Love it here! So chill and the drinks and atmosphere rock! We drove an hour to get here ...AGAIN! Fantastic drinks. I can't say enough about how good they are and inventive. Staff is great, the place is quirky and old, old, OLD school! Go go dancing apparently happens in the back, food and drink out front. Old movies are projected on the wall out front and are a riot. This reminds me of the places my grand dad would go to back in the day. Sounds silly but it's cools. And clean!! Can't wait for the next trip. This is our 3rd time here!! About to have some snacks so I will review those later!;)Awesome bar! I have been twice, only during happy hour times. They have a list of their speciality whiskey drinks but also have an open bar if whiskey isn't your thing. The inside of the bar is so cute, with an entire wall of projected old-time videos (you can't hear it, it just looks cool), open face brick and old wall, and modern seats/bar. The bartenders are very friendly and personable if you're lucky enough to get there before it gets busy. The location is not sketchy, but it is weird... just North of Chinatown in a vacant looking area but seems safe. I will be back!In my ever evolving quest to gain sophistication and leave the frat life behind I have begun drinking whiskey on the rocks. I am still getting my whiskey legs underneath me however I have a feeling the Trestle is going be that steady hand I need now that the training wheels are coming off.
On my way home from work I was looking at Twitter and saw that Trestle's HH runs until 8:00, has whiskey and beer specials, and is a block from my apartment, why wouldn't I stop in?
Walked in. there was a decent crowd, people that appeared to be my age, the music was soulful, and bartenders were welcoming, so far so good. I went straight for the can of Yuengling and the shot of Old Crow (their house whiskey) to help me get over the fact that I was at a bar alone on a weekday. Given the speed at which I consumed them paired with the fact that I donated blood earlier in the day (an old college trick) I quickly loosened up and was ready for some more rounds!!
Shortly after I went crossed eyed boo met me there for dinner and we went all in on the turkey sandwich and the mac and cheese. The sandwich was very good but paled in comparison to the mac. The mac was described to us as good old fashioned American and after the first creamy bite I wanted to stand up and salute the ol' red, white, and blue. 
I love it here and plan on bringing a group of friends in on Saturday. As an added bonus since there are no TVs there I won't blackout and be asked to leave during Eagles and Flyers games.... at Prohibition....twice.A centerpiece of our cocktail pub crawl. Amazingly good whisky sours, as well as a number of other creative libations using tequila, apple brandy, etc, etc. A fun, funky little neighborhood joint with great prices, tasty deviled eggs, and friendly experienced bartenders. Tastes Great!  Less filling ! (than beer). Trestle Inn gets you there without breaking the bank.The reason this new spot (new to me at least) gets three stars is the location but there isn't much that can be done about that! Definitely not in the best neighborhood but worth checking out. 
I met up with a few people after work and we had a great time. I'll be honest, I'm not much of a whiskey girl but I will say that the whiskey drinks here are actually good! I was shocked but the classic whiskey sour was so good; I took a sip from my friends and then ordered one for myself. 
Have also tried the fast pussycat and the velvet jones, both good but don't compare to the classic.
Didn't have much to eat (just the popcorn and veggies and dip) and didn't stay late enough for the entertainment but I will be coming back for sure.This place is great!
I had about half their drink specials in one sitting. The whiskey sours are amazing! Try them all. 
The go-go dancers are friendly and a nice touch. Totally feels like you stepped into James Bonds' lair, or his favorite dive bar. 
The music played is perfect! Kind of 60's/70's hit music. Dancing is so much fun here!It's a great place for a girls night, or a guys night. 
Bathrooms are clean too!
Psssst, 
If you want to get daring with your cocktails, and are a fan of spicy foods and drinks, try the Diablo Cody cocktail!Overall, this bar is a pretty fun night out.  Definitely enjoyed the music and getting on the dance floor.  The issue I have with this place is the general disposition of the bartenders.  Beyond a seemingly lack of enjoyment of their job, the female bartender on Saturday night refused to rectify an incorrect bar bill.  She had mistakenly put several other peoples drinks on my tab, $50 worth (2 Manhattans, 1 Negroni, 1 Ommegang Hennepin, and 1 Tito's), and then claimed otherwise.  She went as far as to tell me where I was standing when I ordered the Manhattan's and the Ommegang, which was definitively not me since I had been exclusively drinking the Noir Stout.  There were certainly other 6 foot guys with a short beard in the bar, so I can see how the mistake could be made, but when the error is discovered they should have corrected the mistake instead of becoming further emboldened in their stance.3.5 stars. HUGE potential for 4+stars
$3 drafts during happy hour? 5 stars right here. I love their draft selection, what a steal!
Ambience: AWESOME. The projectors showing 60 styles gogo dancing, naked ladies, what could be better? 
I got the $5 wings for happy hour. They were soggy, I like my wings a bit crispy. It's kind of gross when the skin is soggy and u can rip it off .. it's gotta be crispy! That's why we're at a 3 star right now :pThere's a lot of stuff going on all at once with the decor and the music and the drinks and the food menu and the dancing.  I cannot think of a theme sentence to sum it all up other than it's like someone sat down and wrote everything they ever wanted to see in a bar and then made it a reality here.  I don't know if bars were really like this in the 60s, but it's a cool place regardless.  
The drinks are really good!  I expected something funky, but they were actually really good.  The fast pussycat had a really cool flavor because you can sort of tell there is whiskey in it, but not really.  Here's an important fact: the diablo drink is described in such a way that might make you think there are spices in it, at least I thought that (maybe because of the holiday season and all the talk of pumpkin spice etc), but what it actually is, is a crazy hot pepper muddled with basil.  This drink is super spicy hot.    
I think the snack pack is a good choice because you get to sample some of the cooler stuff on the menu like bison meatballs.  They also include these cherries that have been marinated in bourbon, MMM!!!  
All the people we came in contact with who work here were friendly and efficient.  A nice surprise is that they take credit cards.  Happy hour runs late!
My favorite part?  The pictures in the restroom.one of my friends is a regular here and knows everybody. she took a bunch of us here one night and although they're known for their whiskey sours, i opted for a beer. their selection was pretty good. i was in a beer mood. they had go-go dancers and screen projections all night with patrons drinking and dancing and having a grand ole time. the crowd is mixed between college students and hipsters. i'd def go again but it's a little out of the way for me...so i'd have to really be in the right mood.I visited the Trestle Inn for an event, so I can't directly comment on the venue except to say that the bartenders are snappy and sling well-blended drinks. The space is dimly lit, cozy, and intimate. I don't think it's the best space for large events, though, as the bar and back room are pretty narrow, making it difficult to navigate the establishment when it is filled with 100 or so people.If you like dancing to soul and funk, then the Friday nights here are your jam.Super fun place with a great idea behind it. The brunch menu has very interesting options, and the drinks are very very good. Fun place for Sunday brunch or a meal before a show at Union Transfer.This place looks crazy from the outside but it is surprisingly fun and the bartenders are amazing.  Weird neighborhood but a super cool esthetic.My favorite thing: The first time we went to The Trestle Inn I was instantly spellbound by the images of  "River Deep Mountain High," era Tina Turner footage being projected all over the bar room walls. I mean, for that move alone, I'm an instant fan of this place. 
I really like The Trestle Inn. Take into account that we tend to show up half in the bag, after a show at Union Transfer. It's like we have found ourselves in this routine where The Trestle Inn is our midway pit stop between after-a-show and late night Chinatown grub; a fun spot on the way under the shadows of the ole train trestle. The name is apropos, and I like that.
Anyway, our experiences at this kinda old-timey-feeling place, they goes a little something like this: Drinks and go-go dancers and our own random dancing. 
Trestle does have quite a good selection of beers, but we're usually swillin' Narragansett tall boys, though we have been known to class it up a bit with a lovely fancy whiskey drink classic of sorts, as well. Most likely a whiskey sour... Not too pricey, I might add. They know what they're doing with the whiskey here, alright. Plenty of quality whiskey. Whiskey, whiskey, whiskey.... and then we're back to tall boys again when funds start running low. And then, chances are, our own random dancing is happening again. 100% chance.
Another factoid? Yes, I have one. Bonus factoid: Watching vintage film clips and retro go-go dancing is a great way to keep your mind off the fact that your bladder feels like it might burst at any moment, finally exploding as you wait on an endlessly long line for the pisser. See, that's me only gripe! Waaah. But whaddaya gonna do right? The Trestle is a really enjoyable refueling place for drinks and it's a fun place that gets mighty packed on a weekend night... and people be drinkin. That's right. They do drink.Divey, yes. Cheap, not really. Good Music, it depends on what you like...
I love the Trestle Inn but I can also understand why some people hate it.  It's often too crowded and the bartenders get overwhelmed easily.  The music is very eclectic but I think that's part of it's appeal.  The crowd is very mixed but I've always met cool people here. They do have outdoor seating during the summer but it's limited. They have a great beer selection and make decent mixed drinks too if that's your thing. 
I'll be back soon to dance the work week off!This was my first time heading to the Trestle Inn and I'll admit I was pretty drunk by the time I got there.  But I had a fun time.  I like the set up and the overall ambiance of the place.  They were doing a motown night which was fun.  I didn't order any drinks so I'm not sure what prices were like but overall I enjoyed myself there.I've passed this place a million times, but never thought to saunter in. Came in yesterday for a prince happy hour. Drinks were delicious, especially the Diablo Cody. Rosemary Parm popcorn bucket was delicious and only $1 to hold us over until dinner. Chips and blue cheese were a bit odd tasting.  There is no food other than bar bites, so go to dinner first or plan to after. I'm looking forward to returning on a nonevent night!I finally got around to checking out the Trestle Inn a few nights ago.  It's a pretty cool little joint. The bartenders are friendly, the snacks are pretty tasty and the go-go dancers are sweet and cute. It's a great place to grab drinks with friends. The neighborhood is a little on the sketchy side, but that's part of the charm.Went in here for a couple pre-night drinks....ended up having about 5 or 6, crushed the popcorn (delicious) and soaked in the character of The Trestle Inn. The staff was very friendly, and was more then willing to recommend a drink, or drinks in this instance. 
Good whiskey and beer selection. Very laid back atmosphere. We got there at 830-ish and left around 10-ish to meet up with some friends downtown. The decor was different, and there was a projector on the wall showing videos of Go-Go Dancers. Like I said, it was different, but a good different. Overall the drinks and snacks are a little pricey, but totally worth it. 
I really enjoyed the place, and will be going back real soon. This is not an Irish Pub or one of your prototypical places you might get downtown. This place is different.....a good differentFrom the outside, the Trestle Inn looks like a run-down corner bar, but on the inside, it's a hidden gem.  I went there for the first time for a local theater networking event and was delighted by the prompt and friendly service from the bartender and by the yummy complimentary popcorn!  They also feature a variety of weekly performances,  so step on in, bring some friends, grab a bite and a few drinks, and have a blast!If you like whiskey and the movie Austin Powers then you will like this bar. Food is solid too. The old fashions are the best i've ever had anywhere.Once upon a time, and for a very long time, this was the J&J Trestle Inn.  A place with 200 pound strippers.  A place with pickled pigs feet on the bar.  A place with signs explaining in no uncertain terms their policy on baggy pants, weapons and troublemaking.  
Now this is a place with fancy pigs in a blanket as an appetizer.  A place with many different types of bourbon.  A place with some semblance of go-go dancers and more flannel than Kurt Cobain's closet.  In the Eraserhood. 
I'm not originally from Philly, but I've been here for a while and the cognitive dissonance is almost too much for my brain to handle.
The food's decent.  The whiskey selection is extensive and pretty fairly priced.  It gets crowded on weekends with some sort of weird hipster go-go dancing crowd.  Worth checking out.I really wanted to like the Trestle.  It's close to my house, it specializes in whisky (my drink of choice), and it has dancing girls! 
The problem is the service.  The bar tenders actively ignore the customers.  On several occasions I have literally spent over 20 minutes waiting while the bartenders faced the wall and had a conversation with lots of laughter and smiles for each other.  I and other patrons clearly wanted to order.  I've never been sloppy or belligerent or anything like that there; so why would they actively ignore someone trying to give them a couple dollar tip for 30 seconds of work?  
Once I can forgive, maybe twice (hey, mistakes happen).  But on each of my last four visits I have found my self waiting in excess of 20 minutes while the bar tenders entertained themselves.  The Trestle just isn't worth that kind of wait.This is going to be my new weekend hangout for those laid-back nights when you want to go out, but not too far. I live just two blocks away in Chinatown, so this place is extremely convenient, and quite a surprise.
From the outside, there is a chance that you will be too scared to walk in. It is kind of straddling a strange area since it is between the hustle and bustle of Chinatown, and versatile Spring Garden Street. I have been parking my car in this neighborhood for years, but I have definitely seen some shady characters.
The Saturday night crowd was great to be around, and the go-go dancers were such cuties! By midnight, everyone in the place was dancing around to the sounds of the 70's. The whiskey cocktails were strong, but very affordable, and had some great names and descriptions in the menu.
We enjoyed the place so much that we came back the next morning for "Drag Your A** Out of Bed" brunch with Brittany. Although we lost the quizzo horribly, it was still a fun brunch experience. I am giving this 4 stars because they didn't put whiskey whipped cream on my crepes, even though it was on the menu. They then told me that they didn't have any whipped cream - a little bit suspicious, and disappointing. The biscuits and gravy were also dry and didn't live up to the hype. Trestle made up for it with the awesome bloody mary - definitely give this one a try!
I'll be back here quite a bit, this place definitely feels like home.
UPDATE: We won quizzo two weeks later! :)Awesome retro go-go bar in the Eraserhood!  We went last night--great crowd, strong drinks.  I love the decor and projections of old B&W dancers.  Very hip and comfortable at the same time.this is not a dive bar.
if you like whiskey and 60s inspired go-go you will like this place.
if you don't like whiskey they have a decent beer list a very modest full bar selection.
the food is excellent if a little on the weird side.
it is best to get here early on the weekend before the place gets packed with hipsters but is a cool retreat on weeknights.
the staff is very attentive; but can easily get overwhelmed when the bar is full.
tip the dancers; that is what that jar next to them is for.The Trestle is what you get when a hipster bar is trying to be a dive bar! It features go-go dancers and historic decor reminiscent of the 1960s, but for me, it's charm ended there. 
My whiskey sour was both strong and fair priced, but I couldn't really enjoy it in that "Trying way to hard" environment. They have maybe 50 different whiskeys (Scotch, Bourbon, and blended) so if you're of the British Isles, or at least claiming to be, this wouldn't be a bad place to try. Food was mostly vegetarian/vegan from what I could tell, but I wasn't interested in eating anyway. Strange to have a bar that specializes in a drink with raw egg white, but only offering veggie bites, no? Overall, my experience wasn't bad - I'd try it again, but wouldn't go out of my way!(To the tune of King Harvest's "Dancing in the Moonlight")
I could probably go here every night
And don't mind it's dimly lit, not bright
They keep it cool, it's outta sight
And the whiskey glows in amber light
Nobody here is that uptight 
(except the den mom and, hey man, that's all right)
Keeps folks from getting into fights
And the whiskey glows in amber light.
Glowing in amber light
Go-go dancers got us feeling right
It's a supernatural delight
And the whiskey glows in amber light.
Deviled eggs make a delicious bite
But it's not about the food I write
This place is where you end your night
And you can also dance in amber light.
Glowing in amber light
Go-go dancers got us feeling right
It's a supernatural delight
And the whiskey glows in amber light....
I love Trestle Inn. I don't even mind going when it's totally dead to the world because, hey, at the end of the day, you're getting one of the tastiest Old Fashioneds in town. Their beer list is super respectable, they don't scoff when you ask them to prepare 20 picklebacks for a slew of buddies dressed in Christmas gear (ok, maybe they scoff, but they do it behind the bar and let us have our fun.) The DJ keeps the jams going, the go-go dancers mostly bring a lot of enthusiasm, and they almost always immediately kick off the random drunk girls who try to climb the lit cubes and become go-go dancers for a few minutes.
It's hilarious.
Trestle Inn, a bit out of the way for a mostly-CenterCityCentric gal, is my #1 Uber destination. And one of my favorite bars. Friday and Saturday are go-to, but Wednesday they often do whiskey tastings, and that's cool as hell.So groovy!
From the moment you walk in, this place has a totally hip vibe: go-go dancers, pop art, warm light--all to keep the mood just right.
If you stop in on a Friday or Saturday, don't be surprised to find the dance floor totally packed! Although the music is a little unconventional, it's always a blast to get down and boogie. Also, don't try to steal the limelight from the lovely ladies that work here. You'll be kicked off the cubes in a heartbeat (shoutout to the friends who tried and allowed me to capture some hilarious video footage).
But the real reason to come here, of course, is for the drinks, and the Trestle Inn does not disappoint. My favorites are the Mary Ann & Ginger Sour and the Old Fashioned. Seriously, these are some of the best cocktails in the city!
Overall, this is an awesome joint. I am more than happy to make the long trip here when the suggestion arises!Just visited The Trestle Inn for the first time..Found it doing some "Yelp Deep Diving" and BOOM I found this Gem! Where to start? 
First of all, the lighting is perfect...I love love love dim lighting.
The drinks are reasonably priced and the bartenders are great. They pour a great drink here...Next a little surprise we were not expecting...awesome bar snacks! We ordered nuts (They were great) then our favorite...Rosemary popcorn...Seriously tasty. Bonus the popcorn is only $1 during happy hour...another bonus...Happy hour goes till 8pm! 
& to top off this places awesomeness they have go go dancers late night! Highly recommend!So incredibly rude. Signs on the bar stated $5 cathouse punches from 10-11. My friend's drinks were full price on his receipt and when he mentioned the drink special bartender said "well, it's supposed to be 11-12!" He ripped the paper out of the sign and never apologized or honored the special. That was a difference of $9 after 3 drinks. Ironically, our uber driver leaving there mentioned that he picked up people last week with a similar complaint. Will never go back.
Update: Owner responded to this promptly and fairly. Very apologetic and offered a refund, which was much appreciated.I've driven by The Trestle Inn several times and always thought to myself  "Wow, that place looks like a crack den."  
Man, was I wrong!  
The inside is absolutely awesome and definitely made me change my mind about this place.  The bar area is cool and there's a projector showing images/video from the 50s/60s (rough guess) on the wall.  There's go-go dancers!  Love it!
The drink menu is also pretty extensive.  I know this place is known for it's whiskey, but they have a good selection of craft beer, as well, if that's your thing.  I ended up ordering the Pussy Galore (mostly bc of the name), which was rye, champagne, and cherry liqueur.   It.  Was.  Awesome!
I love this place.  I will be back!
Things I learned today while on the Trestle Inn website which will cause me to visit again sooner than I thought:  
1.  They have a full menu including four types of mac and cheese.  (Duck sausage mac - I'm coming for you!)
2.  Every Tuesday at 8pm is double-feature movie night featuring:  $1 popcorn, housemade slim jims  and $5 Narragansett pounder + shot of bourbon, $12 Session beer pitchers & $15 IPA & Witbier pitchers. 
3.  Happy Hour is 5 pm to 7pm:  $3 Draft Beer, $4 Happy Hour Whiskey Sour, $5 Narragansett Lager + shot of Old Crow, plus 1/2 price select appetizers & bar snacks!
4.  The Trestle Inn Burger is a bison meatloaf, wrapped in bacon, topped with blueberry ketchup and a fried egg....where else have you ever seen something like that?This is one place in Philly that never disappoints. I've been coming hear for a few years now. The staff is great as well as the hot dancers! They are very knowledgable on all of the beers on tap. So if you need suggestions-- they always help you out.  If you're looking for a fun, low key night with friends-- this is the spot!two words come to mind when thinking about this place: boner town.
the last thing i want to hear about while having my id checked in line is how many security cameras there are, how all the bartenders are bouncers, and whatever else the annoying door guy was yelling out. way to treat your patrons like adults, but at least it set the tone for how awful the little time spent there would be. 
without going on a long tangent on the night i went they completely over packed the place, let some awful dj play music that didnt exactly go along with all the smoke and mirrors of poorly dressed go go girls, and it smelled like wet dogs. 
drink prices were about average so i cant complain about that.The Trestle Inn is, simply put, a very cool joint.  It boasts a decent beer list, and impressive whiskey list, and decent food to boot.  The decor is perfect.  
Large video projections of black and white go-go dancers play on the wall in the background.  They might make your grandparents blush, but this place is for guys and gals. 
Happy hour has some decent specials, $3 Whiskey Sours are the deal.  Some of the other prices, like $7 per oz of Jamison, are flat-out criminal.  The snack plate, with little meat and veggie bites, is a near perfect appetizer and/or bar snack.  
I remember when this was a dirty, shady bar serving underage Temple students.  Other than the storefront, everything has changed.
Bottom Line:  Trestle Inn is swank.  That fact alone will bring hordes of people, including me, back again and again.Yes, my card was overcharged, but I conjecture it was a complete mistake as it was very busy that night.  When I checked my credit card amount I noticed the discrepancy.  I e-mailed the following day and the owner and general manager both got back to me within 24 hours.  They were sincerely concerned and didn't make a big deal out of it although I'm sure they could have.  Based on their courtesy I'd highly recommend the Trestle Inn.  *note, I changed this from a one star to a 5 star based on their response and integrity.Nice place.  They have a good selection of craft beers and a great happy hour when it comes to alcohol with $2 draft drinks.  Food selection could be better, however.  The one unique thing about the place is the old 60s video compilation they project onto the walls.  It creates a nice vibe and is absolutely mesmerizing (especially if you are drunk or high).  I'd be sure to come back.  Also,free whiskey tastings every Thursday from 6-8 PMI walked in this place and thought I had entered the twilight zone. 60s/70s music playing (and video splashed on the wall), and a go go dancer in the corner...ummm, sure! They made some terrific whiskey cocktails and their beer selection was legit! Excited that I found this little place, can't wait to go back.Fun place.  Nice space with Great atmosphere.  Went on a Saturday night when they had a retro disco DJ playing.  Good crowd for dancing.  Diverse crowd. Drinks are reasonably priced.What a fun place to hang out! Just stepping into this place makes me feel cooler, and not like a 31 year old home-body 
The gogo dancers are always on-point, and they add a unique element. We never had to wait at the bar too long and the staff is friendly.
It gets a little loud in here; so it's not the best place to hang and talk with friends, but the weekends are poppin and their room towards the back is for showing your dance moves. I love the perpetual red glow and the edgy ambiance, and I agree with former reviewers that I wish there were more bathrooms.We just left moments ago and I had to tell everyone that this a great place with a great bar tender! Not what I expected. It was more fun than I expected. I cannot wait to go back for dinner.One of the best bars in Philly. Great place to get some drinks and dance. Like nothing else you'll find in Philly, and the go-go style 60s dancers and wall of projected music videos from the 60s create a great atmosphere. Hands down one of the funnest bars in Philly.Brought my mom here for a drag queen brunch 5 years ago and we all loved it. The food and drinks were delicious and the atmosphere was so fun. The mic was at least 6'2" and she sang and we played trivia. My mom really enjoyed it. I need to get back here!I love me some Philly. 
Sure, we've got gogo dancers here in NYC. And yea, we've got bacon mac 'n' cheese. But then again, I don't know where I can eat that and watch a bare ass jiggle and keep my appetite. Love the 60's inspired throwback dancers shakin' what their mama gave 'em on the lit stage blocks here. Throw in some awesome music, fans blowing everyone's hair back and it is instant music video time. 
And then I find out that drinks are $4 and I figure that I'll have to make a pilgrimage here at least every few months. Yep.I've been here twice.  Once was on a date, it was early evening (a short stop for us on our way somewhere else).  The drinks were strong and the atmosphere was a nice departure from most places in the area.  Service was great (but we were 2 of only 4 people in the place).  Food was excellent as well.
Last weekend I went there again with some friends and had a completely different experience.  The waitress did not come up to our table for 15 mins.  There were quite a few more customers than the last time I visited, but it by no means "packed".  Then it took 10 mins just to get 2 whiskey sours and a draft beer.  However, the waitress walked up to our table (with our drinks on the tray) then walked away to deliver drinks to a private party that was happening in the back.  When she finally got our drinks to us, she placed them on the table and walked away.  She didn't even ask if we wanted food (and we were starving).  Needless to say we drank our drinks (the 2 whiskey sours just seemed to be sour mix in a glass of ice) and left.
To be fair, it did seem as if our waitress had the entire private party, outdoor seats and ours.  There was a second waitress on that night, but she seemed to just be wandering around aimlessly and was of little to no assistance to ours.
The Trestle Inn has a great vibe to it. But sometimes I think the staff have the opinion that they're working at the coolest hippest place in Philly- and that means they don't have to treat their customers well.
Although I was disappointed at the service, I will go back there again.  Personally I have a 3 strikes and your out policy.  So we'll see how next time goes.This place is very cool, the bartenders are friendly, and there's a great booze selection. The ONLY downside is I was there for a birthday party, the birthday girl wanted disco. They were having a disco night but I'd describe the music as hipster disco. All the random disco music that was made in the 70s but wasn't actually popular, all the B sides. It was fun, the go go dancers are great, but out of our large group we collectively knew 3 songs that played all night. Still a fun time.The bad before the awesome: The place is a bit dingy and the bartenders are not the nicest (this might be because they are verrry busy though). I would also say that the drinks are not the best I've had.  
What does make this place amazing though is the fun-loving (yet usually hipster) crowd it draws. If you can throw your inhibitions to the wind after some yummy whiskey sours (any one is good), like most of the people here do, you'll have a great night just dancing away! 
Be warned...there is no place to keep coats besides some hooks and it does get steamy on the dance floor. The place also picks up energy later in the night so don't be disappointed if the dance floor isn't on full swing when you show up! 
Overall if you're just looking to have a
Crazy "I just wanna dance" night with your friends...don't look any further..this place will NOT disappoint!!!Excellent spot with great selection. The bartenders used to be really personable and awesome, and the newer ones are a little meh. But still a great place to hang out and have a beer while watching go-go dancers.I love this place because I am not a huge fan of rap music. This place is the place to go if you prefer to dance like a nerd to 50's and 60's music! All while drinking shitty beer! because thats the only thing you will be able to afford there.Love this place.  It's a funky, arty dive where you can groove to a DJ spinning some nice beats.  It may jump straight to "favorite bar" status.  We found it totally by accident.  We were early for a show at Underground Arts, so we wandered in here.  Great low key vibe, nice beer selection at good prices, and I totally dug the black and white celluloid projections on the wall of 60s/70's pop culture icons.  There is some peeling paint on the walls, but that added to the ambiance rather than detracted from it.  It gives it that city edge.  The go go dancers?  Totally unique.  I will be back.A lot of people were shocked to hear I have lived in Philadelphia for close to 10 years and had never been to the Trestle Inn. So when I was invited to Happy Hour with a group of impressive/successful/professional Philadelphia ladies I jumped at the chance!
Although form the outside I would have likely never considered going inside, I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the door. I particularly liked the setup of ample table seating in the bar area with a good number of chairs available. So many bars in the area are "standing room only" unless you're facing the bartender and I have a bad ankle that flares up when standing for too long so I'm always eager to have a seat to perch on.
We went straight for the cocktail menu. These days I usually party hard with a glass of pinot grigio so when I asked about their wine selection I was bummed at first to hear it was rather non-existent. The bartender was super polite about it though and did offer me what she had (barefoot Sauvignon Blanc) until I was persuaded to go the cocktail route (can you say, peer pressure? haha!) I went with a Cosmopolitan which was the only vodka based drink I could think of off the top of my head. It was as delicious as I had remembered them tasting and I thought "maybe I should order these more often". 
Some of the girls indulged in the discounted appetizers (grilled cheese sticks and nachos) but I had eaten before leaving the house so I stuck to a liquid dessert. For my second drink I learned that the bartender had prosecco behind the bar (my go-to!) so I went for the "St. Germain and Champagne"--one of my all time favorite drinks. As she was pouring it she told me how bartenders refer to St. Germain as the "barkeeps MSG" because it makes everything taste delicious. I really got a kick out of this--and couldn't have agreed more!!! Mmm.
Towards the end of our visit I did notice a go-go dancer appear in the corner. She was adorable so I felt bad that no one was paying her any mind. I immediately regretted any judgements I had made about the "whiskey go-go bar" I had heard about but never gone to before.
Overall I had an awesome time at the Trestle and look forward to going back there again soon!This place is couple blocks form my apartment. My boyfriend and I go here fairly often. I'm not a whiskey drinker but they have a great selection of beer/cider on tap and a good cocktail menu. All of the appetizers and entries I have tried are great. They are in the middle of a menu change but our favorites are the pulled pork nachos, the pesto mac and Cheese, the snack pack, the homemade pickles, and beef jerky. The soundtrack is often classic rock and is awesome. The dancers are usually down to earth and give the place a good vibe. Our favorite dancer is Penny Nickles! The bar/wait staff are all cool. 
I'm kinda sad that more people are discovering this place because sometimes it's super crowded now. But it's because this place is WAY better then The Prohibition Taproom that is right around the corner!So I really need to get her on a weekend, I hear its super fun.  But for a low key dive bar if your with friends not looking to meet people its a good place to go.  Service was good, we had the bar basically to ourselves.Great Freaking Concept. 
I really liked the idea of a whiskey and go-go joint in philadelphia.  The decor and character inside was pretty cool too. Something new and different..  I heard the food is great but we were there post dinner - so next review I'll letting you know my thoughts.
I think we need more go-go I was expecting more than one go-go.Interesting.... I don't know how else to describe it.
The Fat Pussy was delicious and gave me a very quick buzz to start off Halloween night.
Edit: Oops! Got the drink name wrong. Someone else ordered it for me and that's what they said it was called! Haha whoops! I did think the name was a bit dirty!! Fast Pussycat!! Can't help but giggle now!Superfun place for drinks and food. Came here because our friend wanted to take us to a go-go bar. Had no idea there was one so close to center city. Really convenient location to bike to from downtown and noLib. The bartenders are fun guys and the go-go dancers are pretty.What a trip this place is.  The people there really seemed to be enjoying themselves.  Some to the point of being incapable of moving from point A to point B without sumbling and spilling.  
I guess I should mention that the gentleman who checked my ID told me that I looked like I had good organs and that they could use some fresh ones.   The clientel is very diverse, though I would say more hipster than anything.  The music was strange, I'm not even sure how to categorize it.  And  it's true, there are go-go dancers, though the one that was working that night was not one I was particularly interested in watching.  Also, be forwarned that they do not like it when patrons try to join the go-go dancers on the stage, especially when you are having a difficult time with your motor functions.  
The drinks were pretty cheap and made with a heavy hand.  If you are looking for something off the beaten path and you can handle trippy experiences, it may be worth a try.   However, I will not be going out of my way to head back here any time soon.Love it here. I live 2 blocks away so I frequent the establishment regularly. I was most recently there 2weeks ago with a large group and we drank who knows how many of those delicious whiskey sours and ate nachos and pigs in a blanket. I will say the food to me isn't super special, but those nachos hit the spot. The bartenders are nice and attentive and I've never had a problem, only a good time.
I wanted to note something another reviewer had been upset with, and it had to do with the staff being somewhat racist. I adamantly disagree and the night I was there with my large party we had a very diverse crowd at our table, and no one had any issues. In fact I think we had even better than usual service that evening, so I wanted to share that because those are heavy accusations.One of the best new bars in the city!
Contrary to popular belief, not all guys dig strip clubs.  But Trestle, with your Whiskey a Go Go girls, you could entertain me all night.  The seemingly infinite list of whiskeys, bourbons and classic cocktails really helps you warm up on a brisk fall evening.  
This place is new, practically in the middle of now where, has great drinks and sexy ladies.  It gets packed.  Get there a little early to grab a seat.
Oh!  And the food is incredible!  Very interesting, delicious, well made bar bites and entrees.  I hear they're starting brunch around Thanksgiving too.
If it were possible to wear glasses that let you see everything in black and white, this would be a serious trip!I've been here a few times on the weekend for drinks. It has a fun vibe, but gets really packed. I've been meaning to come in sometime during the week to try the food and see the Trestle in a more relaxed state.
What I can comment on is: 
1.The large selection of whiskey AND beer. I'm not a whiskey person, so I love having the ability to order a craft beer at a whiskey bar.
2.The go-go dancers. They are there, and they are entertaining, but they don't have to be your main focus...there is enough going on elsewhere.
3. The fact that you can barely move on the weekends because it is so packed.Excellent Whiskey sours! The kitten with a Whip was really good also. Cool atmosphere and friendly clientele. My only gripe with this place is that there are only 2 single bathrooms in the whole place and they are tuff to maintain with the volume of customers using them. Other than that it is a good spot!Trestle Inn has a nice, warm feeling to it with the retro-sih music and projector of old school music videos in the front room. I stopped by on a Friday niight...there was a $5 cover around 11ish. There is a front room with high tables and bar seating that leads to a back room where the dancing (magic) happens. There was also a go go dancer in the front bar. The was an intimacy that I enjoyed in the front space. The bartender made a couple good whiskey sours and the beer list is solid. Trestle Inn is a nice little spot tucked away on the corner that's worth checking out.