Decided to grab an early dinner on a Friday night. We were looking for something new to try. Excited to have it in our neighborhood as it provides something very different from most of the Manayunk/Roxborough eateries. Friendly and attentive staff. Food was unique and tasty. We look forward to making our way thru the menu of this neighborhood gem. However, the bench seating wasn't my husband's favorite; wasn't comfortable for him to sit for very long. We'll be back though!Delicious!!! We had the Wasabi Wings, Beef Bulgogi Tacos and Jerk Chicken Nachos one was better than the other. Beer selection was great and served cold to boot. This local cozy cool spot was awesome. I'm almost afraid to tell you guys in fear I will have to wait long for a table. No fears, the bars area is nice too.They need to work on the service training. It took a really really long time to get our food and drinks. They also forgot a few orders. This fusion concept is really good. But the watered down drinks and slow service is what preventing me from coming back or recommending this place.First off the food is really really good..... 
However the the portions and the price leaves room for improvement.Not worth it.  I wanted to like this place.  We have been here twice, both experiences were disappointing.  Terrible service, cold food, and inconsistent food. Some flavors have been good (e.g- jerk chicken seasoning, salsa) the beer selection is decent and I appreciate what they are trying to do but overall not worth the price or time.Great new fusion restaurant. Hidden but super wonderful with a large seating area and delicious menu. Also great coffee. 
Had the chicken with waffles and it was a fun twist.Who is writing the reviews?
I love trying out new places and after hearing people rave about this place I thought me and the wife would go and check it out. 
Well unfortunately we were greatly disappointed. 
First, the place is extremely small. 
Second, the food was not that great for the price paid. I paid over 30 dollars for 5 dumplings that had way to much clove in the them. It felt like we were eating straight clove sticks. 
Third, the size or portion of the fries was very small and the pork belly that I had added to it was very fatty and chewy. 
Fourth, I ordered the soy glaze wings and although they had a good flavor the breading was soggy and it wasn't a little crunchy or firm at all. 
Unfortunately we were disappointed. I have had Jerk/Island food on the islands and also Korean and this place is not good at all.Great Korean and Jamaican fusion in the Manayunk area of Philly.  Much more Brooklyn than philly but that's a good thing.  Small and intimate but great service and food.  It is a great hidden spot.Not impressed. The drinks are weak and the food is inconsistent. Pineapple guac, jerk chicken wings and TSB nachos were good. Lettuce wraps and jerk chicken dumplings took an hour to get and were not tasty at all. Overall it took a long time to get service and food. The staff were friendly, but overworked. Things seemed disorganized/ chaotic. Our waitress was sweet and that's why 2 stars, otherwise the experience was blah. Would not go back.They are going through some growing pains. The wait was a little long and by the time we got our tacos they were a little cold but the taste was amazing! We'll be back!We walked in on a quiet Sunday... Buut It still took 30 mins to get our food.  I got jerk wings but they were actually buff wings.  The waitress warned me about that but it was okay i figured it was going to be spicy anyway so I went for it. It was $11 so I figured I'd get their version of the usual 7 or 8 Buffalo wings you get around the city. wrong.. I paid 11 bucks for three wings. Oh and it had Frank's red hot on it, Yay. 
Lol 
In addition to my wings, I Ordered a side of plantains. Plantains were $4. Looking at the menu, I thought not unreasonable... Until I got the dish and it consisted of 5pieces of plantains lol almost a dollar a slice. Do yaself a favor. Save your money.Wow! I am in love with this place. We went on a Friday night and were seated promptly. Throughout our time there, all of the servers we interacted with were wonderful, friendly, nice and seemed to genuinely enjoy their jobs. 
We started with a couple of happy hour priced drinks - they have a delightfully tropical cocktail list. We tried the rasta punch and it was yummy. Decent draft beer list too. They also had a happy hour appetizer combo that we enjoyed. The cod fritters were amazing, and the wasabi wings were pretty good too. They also surprised us with a trio of complimentary sauces & sides. 
The music was equally as enjoyable as the food! Bob Marley, Peter Tosh, really chill reggae vibes. We weren't trying to rush our experience so we tried a second round of appetizers and got the beef patties which were wrapped in a puff pastry and served with jerk sauce. FIRE! It was an explosion of heat on my taste buds. I can't wait to go back for more of that stuff.
For entrees, we ordered the bulgogi bibimbap and a cuban sandwich. The bibimbap didn't have the crispy rice on the bottom of the stone bowl that I've come to love from other Korean establishments, but the flavor and combination of ingredients was on point! Comes with a fried egg on top which oozed perfectly all over everything. 
The Cuban sandwich was the only slight letdown of the evening. Pork belly is a hard thing to cook, and this was definitely overdone. Flavors on the sandwich were good, but the texture left something to be desired. 
All in all, the portion sizes were hearty and appropriate for the prices. Even though it's a neighborhood corner spot that you'd expect to be a dive, the inside is modernized and it was a good, casual & fun ambiance for date night. We had 4-5 drinks, 2 appetizers (plus some free ones), 2 entrees and tip for a little under $100. Well worth it and highly recommended!Great good great service I have no idea what some of these comments are about service is in point every employee in here goes above and beyond to make sure you have a great experience highly recommend!I really enjoyed the food; very fun and spicy flavor combinations, and the fries were incredibly crispy and tasty. Great happy hour drink specials too.
However, the service was less than stellar. My partner received her meal in less than 20 minutes, but I waited an hour on a very slow weeknight. When I asked about my meal, the only explanation I received was, "Sorry; mix-up in the kitchen."
A complimentary drink or something along those lines would have gone a long way in making up for my wait. That being said, I still recommend the Spicy Belly; just make sure you ask your server about your meal if you end up waiting more than 20 minutes.Love their food! It's so inventive and excellent quality. The staff and owners are very attentive and the vibe is relaxed.I went here with my wife for brunch on a Saturday. It was surprisingly not busy. They have a great variety of food options and unique cocktails. Definitely a secret gem for brunch. I just hope they can stay in business, so I can come back.Don't! Just don't! My sister and I were so excited to try this place. We had seen ads on Facebook and we scoped out the menu and it sounded amazing. We decided to come here for restaurant week which proved to be a huge mistake. It all started to go wrong once we ordered cocktails. Save your money! The cocktails were not only watered down but terrible. We decided to try the local wine. Again, save your money because the wine was so sweet it tasted liked grape juice. We finally went to a foolproof option and got beer. Now onto the food. We ordered chicken lettuce wraps and cod fritters to start. We had read that the cod fritters were great from past reviews.... they weren't. They were bland and tasted like tempura batter.
The chicken lettuce wraps were bland as well and the lettuce was too soggy to even hold the chicken in there. Again, it was bland. 
Now for the entrees. We got the bibimpop and the fried whole snapper. Again both dishes SUPER bland! The snapper was $10 extra by the way. It didn't even have salt or pepper and didn't come in a sauce so it was hard to eat. The bibimpop wasn't very tasty either. We requested more "spicy sauce" just so it was palatable. The flavor seemed off in an indescribable way. It wasn't authentic or pleasurable to eat. Our waitress asked us if we would like to take our leftovers and we quickly responded with a hard NO! 
Dessert time. They explained the dessert as a strawberry cake with a whipped topping. Seriously it was a god damn Betty Crocker strawberry cake with vanilla icing and it was delicious! Moral of the story is: save your money.
Go to the store and get a Betty Crocker strawberry cake with vanilla icing because that shit was da bomb!Seoul wings are the best. Spicy sweet and hella crunchy  & on Tuesday tacos are 3$ off I suggest the fish or chicken tacos. Or both  SO GOODThis place brought out the West Indian in me. Loved the decor and the Elder Mon drink was awesome. Wife and I got drinks while we waited for our party of 5. Good selection of craft beers too. When we were seated for dinner we got the seoul wings (must order this), and the jamaican dumplings (ok). We also got banchon which was really good (especially spicy eggplant). Fish tacos are very good andust order the bibimap with pork belly. It was so good i forgot to order 
Service was good. Waitress was very knowledgeable and pleasant. 
Just wish they had some crazy hot gojuchang scotch bonnet pepper sauce (throwing idea out there).Not only do they have an awesome draft selection, but the cocktails concocted are also phenomenal. The whole staff is genuine, personable, and noticeably work very hard. I haven't had the food, but after seeing the menu as well as the attentiveness of the staff, I plan on coming back! It was my first time here after passing by The Spicy Belly several times considering I live in the area, but I suggest that they keep on doing what they're doing!!Great experience! I never was a spice guy but this place does it right. An up and coming area of Philly with a young vibe but still has a family atmosphere inside. Food was excellent. Great blend of flavors. The soy ginger wings had a great flavor but could use more crunch!! Well done Jimmy and Jason!!The food was good but the service sucked.  The girl server we had gave us attitude from the moment we sat down. The food took an hour to come out. This place was small and not crowded so I'm not sure why it too so long.  Probably won't come back.I just had dinner here and frankly my party was disappointed in our meals. Except for the cod fritters (which were lacking in cod) and the jerk chicken dumplings (highlight of the dinner), the rest of our dishes were lukewarm. The Monday Bimbap came in a stone bowl that was not sizzling, not even warm. The flavor was bland. The fish tacos were room temperature and were drenched in sauce. The cubano sandwich was bland as well. The drinks were also disappointing. I had the melon cocktail and it tasted like water. The Rasta punch was unremarkable. The service was extremely slow. It was a Saturday night, so the place was busy. The staff was nice, polite, and apologetic for the delays. We will not be returning.Location:
Upon arrival, my girlfriend and I couldn't find the place right away since the sign was a bit hard to see. Also, it is all street parking.
The restaurant:
The interior was very unique and sported a very artistic and rustic feel to it. It's definitely a small restaurant and looks like it can't host a party of 4 or more. There are a lot of tables for 2 and one section towards the front that can sit about 3-4 people. There is also a bar where customers can sit. The walls had paintings/drawings all over it, making Spicy Belly unique. There was a coat hanger section for us to hang coats and hooks underneath the bar for any bags/purses.
People:
The owners of the restaurant are brothers and are both half Korean and Carribbean! One of them being the head chef! We talked with the bartender and she said the establishment was only openned about 2 weeks ago, which surprised us! Finally, the head chef came out and we got a chance to talk to him which was nice.
And finally...the food:
We ordered the "Breakfast Nachos" with the jerk chicken and the "K-town Hash". The food was phenomenal! The food was very tasty and they kept the "Korean-Carribbean" theme going! All the ingredients were obviously fresh and the food was definitely filling!
We recommend this place and hope you enjoy it as much as we did!Please don't go here... Promise I'm not being petty, I'm giving honest feedback. Came in with a reservation for 6 people on a Friday at 8:30. Told us they gave our table to another group of 6. It was 8:10. They remedied the situation quickly but that was the only quick thing about the night. Drink order 15 minutes, appetizers another 15. First drink to the table half hour in. Took our dinner order, we waited 1:15 minutes. Brought two of the same entree to the same person before another person at the table saw food. Wish I was kidding, outside of the tacos everything was cold. Table of two next to us received meals before us. Spoke to the manager, she said they were abnormally busy. Offered to comp us all of our meals and drinks. Backed out on that and instead charged us for appetizers and drinks. $100.... $100. Service was bad, food was bad, management was especially bad. Don't be fooled by the old reviews, find another option.The place exceeded our expectations. They have high quality of meats, wagyu and such, and it was worth the extra bucks. Do keep in mind they are pretty pricey for the area but if you're looking to splurge, I'd give it a go.  Love the decor and seating can fit big groups comfortably.Wasn't all that special. Menu was very inviting in terms of uniqueness but the flavors in the dishes lacked.Great new Korean and Jamaican fusion restaurant. Must try the fritters. I ordered the bimbap and was impressed. Portion size was great. They have an assortment of cocktails too. I was craving something fruity and the Rasta Punch hit the spot. Service is awesome. Ask for Julia to be your server. She will take care of you for sure!This is a good brunch spot. It is small, staff are friendly, design is cool, and food is good. It is probably also good for other meals - and we'll have to return to try more of the menu. 
We had the K-Town hash, but due to diet restrictions, had to get the pork belly on the side. ...but who cares? It's good on the side too! We couldn't really put our finger on the "side of kimchi" but the flavors were nice regardless. 
We also tried the shrimp and grits. The shrimp were really good. The grits seemed to be really lite on flavor and could have used a little kick overall. It is a nice concept - just seems to need a little more fire.
The coffee was good, and they made it a point to ensure it was always super hot. It is nice. 
The things we didn't try but drooled over were the chicken and waffles, and the nachos. These are simple and straightforward dishes, but this place seems to really add some flare to the food. 
We'll be back.Food was delicious! This place is quaint, clean, and super hip. Love the vibe and decor of the place. Gives you island vibes as soon as you walk in. The staff there were fairly new and couldn't help much with the menu new, however friendly and attentive. 
The brunch menu had plenty of options. Ordered the conch fritters, plantains, jerk chicken egg rolls, beef patty, chicken and waffle, shrimp and grits. Everything was cooked to perfection. Also enjoyed a passionfruit mimosa. They had bottomless mimosas for $16-19 but they were only about $5. Can't beat that. Prices were very reasonable. 
Throughout the dining experience they played a variety of reggae music which provided a great atmosphere. 
Will be back for dinner and brunch for sure. Great local spot, glad I found this hidden gem on yelp! Definitely a most visit even if you have to travel from distant, haven't been to a spot like it in the city.Best meal and experience in Manayunk/Roxborough area! We ordered the Kingston wings, shrimp curry, and jerk chicken tacos, everyone raved about their meal. The drinks were delicious and made to perfection.  Can't wait to go back.This restaurant is located in a residential area so parking wasn't great. The atmosphere was good and the drinks was great! I loved the chicken wings. However I wish they offered combination platters. The items on the menu sounded great and I wanted to try more things. Therefore, we had to purchase multiple items just to sample the food. Our waitress wasn't the greatest; she was a little slow with bringing things (straw, water) but she was very knowledgeable about the menu.  I would definitely recommend and return, just for the chicken wings and the drinks!I, as many of you were, was excited by the idea of a cool new food fusion in the Rox/Falls/Yunk area so I had to come check it out. But ultimately this place was a huge disappointment. 
So we got the roasted pineapple guac to start. The handful of chips were of the deep-fried flour variety, king of like burnt funnel-cake. Thick, doughy, over-cooked (read: burnt). The sparsity of the serving was only remedied by its lack of desirability. 
Guac itself was one to two quality points down from something you'd find at, say,  Chipotle. Bland, with a couple pieces of semi-charred pineapple smattered atop. 
Tacos were just ok. Not a ton of flavor, but not horrible. Main issue here was they were WAY skimpy and most definitely not worth the price. 
Service was awkward, hovery, and disingenuous. 
Only other people in there were off-duty staff just kinda loitering about.  
I give this place 6 months or so. Another area food spot completely missing the mark. Bummer.Chicken wings were underseasoned. Why do restaurants fail to season meat. The sauce alone is not enough. The bottled sauces were very good. In fact they are what my friends added to their goat and shrimp entrees respectively to give them taste. 
Staff were careless with hygiene: host kept putting hands in pockets, wiping upper mustached lip and while eating saw kitchen crew on cellphones, drinking beverages and not washing hands before coming, etc...
There are other reasons for a rating of 2. The restaurant has great potential, however.
The music was fantastic. I'm not sure I will go back.My husband and I tried The Spicy Belly this week, and it was wonderful! The food selection and quality is fantastic--we particularly enjoyed the bulgogi lettuce wraps.  The atmosphere was laid back and had great music.  The staff was incredibly attentive, between the manager advising us on what food to order, the bartender ensuring we got our drinks in before happy hour ended, and the owner/chef coming out to chat with us about his inspiration for the restaurant.  Definitely worth the trek from Main St!This place was just so disappointing, and I really really wanted to like it. The food is meh, not very flavorful, and not really fusion. I saw their ad on fb so I was very excited to try this Korean Jamaican fusion, two amazing cuisine types in 1 place - and better yet - in 1 dish. However, the menu offered like 2 or 3 fusion dishes and everything else was decidedly Korean, Jamaican, or Mexicanish other, and executed poorly at that. I would've given this place 3 stars as the food is not awful and the general vibe of the restaurant is cute, but the price was the final nail in the coffin. The apps are about $8-10, and the mains are $15-20. I paid $60 for a meal that taste like it should've been $20 at most. I had the jerk dumplings (not very jerk in taste, the best part was the sauce that came on the side), the codfish fritters (best part of the meal), pork belly tacos & fries (just all around not good), and the curry goat stew (mealy consistency, and tough meat).  The service was great, and the location is nice, but the owners really need to take another look at the menu and revise some things. I wouldn't go back, and I wouldn't recommend this place to a friend.The food was okay, but the service is terrible.
The waiter took 15 minutes till he asked us what we wanted to order even though we were the only customers present, forgot the order after three seconds, and took our plates away before we finished our food.Back at it!!! Love the food and drink choices. I love when they play Jamaican and Afro beat musicReally cute place with a nice outdoor seating area. We came here for drinks and appetizers one day and loved the cocktails. We ordered some kind of lettuce wraps for an appetizer and while the flavor was amazing, I was a bit disappointed at the portion size. The bartenders were also all very friendly and helpful when we were deciding what to order. Will definitely go back for brunch!The cocktails are inexpensive and tasty, they have a fun beer selection, and the food was ridiculously good. The bulgogi and jerk chicken cheesesteak are stellar. Our server was fantastic, really funny and helpful. A great addition to the neighborhood.I feel a little conflicted about my visit here for dinner and will likely have to update my review after visiting again. Overall right now I'd give them a 3.5. 
To start our server took awhile to first introduce herself and second take our order. I asked about the spiciness level of the jerk chicken tacos and asked to have the spicy sauce on the side to be safe. 
My bf and I shared the jerk mondu which were pretty good. He had the pork belly tacos which I tried and although I don't love pork belly, the taste was good and the arugula slaw on top was delicious. The salads that come with the tacos were also good. 
My jerk chicken tacos were so spicy I could not eat more than 1. The sauce was on the side as requested but I tasted it and it was not spicy at all. It seems the chicken (even though I love jerk chicken and have had it many times) was ridiculously spicy even for my bf who likes spicy food. I was pretty sad to have a plate of tacos that I could not enjoy eating. Since I asked the waitress about the spice level before ordering I would have appreciated that she inform me it wasn't the sauce that creates the intense spice (even though the menu says that). 
Basically I was just frustrated because I would have ordered something else had I known and would not be hungry one hour later. 
The banchon was nice and our waitress did regularly refill our waters so that's a plus. Overall, food came out fairly slow considering only 3 tables were occupied. Will have to try again and order something else!Decided to venture away from Main St on St Patrick's Day to avoid the noise. Service here was friendly. The decor was warm and inviting. The food was incredible. Jerk wings and the beef bun sliders were perfectly seasoned. I want to go back for the brunch menu so I can get brunch nachos! I will definitely be returning.What an adorable concept and place right in Roxborough / Manayunk area. They had a TON of drink specials for the game including many beers and unique cocktails. It was $0.50 wing day because of it being football Sunday so we had to take advantage of the Wasabi Wings which were PHENOMENAL! The jerk chicken dumplings were also AMAZING especially once you drizzle additional jerk sauce on top. They have brunch until 3:30pm Saturday and Sunday so we have the Stewed Shrimp and Grits and the Korean Seoul Chicken Wings and Waffles a shot. Both were REALLY FLAVORFUL! The grits were the perfect consistency and popping with flavor while the shrimp were also good I could tell they were frozen shrimp and not fresh. The waffle was oh so fluffy and flavorful and the chicken was BOMB! We will definitely be back to try a lot of the other fusion items on the menu (menus posted in pics) and to take advantage of other happy hours.The idea is great and the food will hopefully get there.  My biggest problem for why I only gave 3 stars was the rice.  Koreans and Jamaicans know how to make rice so why was this rice so starchy.  
I would go back and try the brunch, but until I hear the rice has changed, I will not return for dinner.My boyfriend heard about this new place and he seem very ecstatic to try because of the Korean + Jamaican fusion (he loves both cuisines). We finally got to try this place and honestly the food wasn't all that great. Plus it was a bit on the pricier side. Normally at other authentic Korean places, the banchan are served without additional cost but here we had to order each individual sides. ( a small side of kimchi is $4). For apps, we ordered the Kingston wings (7 pcs $11) and it was a little bit on the salty side but it was very tender. Also ordered the bulgogi lettuce wraps ($12) which was just alright.  The waitress recommended the mackerel fried fish (MP $28) which barely had any seasoning at all and I wasn't sure how it incorporated the "fusion" in this dish. I honestly tried to like the food. The cocktail drinks run about $8 but tastes like fruit juice with barely any alcohol. Our bill came up to be $90 with tips. Most likely won't be coming back because the price does not match the mediocre food. However, This is a new establishment that operated less than a year & I do believe that they can definitely improve and change some parts of the menu.I really wanted to like this place because I love both Korean and Jamaican food but unfortunately it's one of those places that I wouldn't really go to again. The workers are nice and the atmosphere is chill but the food just did not do it for me. I expected a fusion with two cultures that's known to have flavor that my food would be bursting with flavors but unfortunately it was just alright. I got the jerk chicken bimbap. First off, the jerk chicken is not jerk chicken lol idk what it was maybe baked with some black pepper but definitely not jerked. The rice and peas was good though thankfully but we had to ask for more rice because the initial amount they gave was just...no. The sauce that they gave for the bibimbap was definitely not gochugang I think that's what threw the taste off mostly. My boyfriend had the burger he said it was good but you can't really mess up a burger now can you. Originally I was gonna give 4 stars but I had to take off an extra star because there were flies in there and one landed in my plate and I had to stop eating. Overall, I think it's a good concept but they need to work on the flavoring.I think this place is more hyped up than it should be (it's appeared on those Facebook foodie group videos). I ordered the sesame ginger wings and they were flavorless. My friends ordered bibimbap and that was also subpar.It was such a creative meal. Slow night so you'll get plenty of service on a Thursday night. Cocktails are sweet so you want that spicy to go with it. We did enjoy the loaded fries with beef bulgolgi. Very different flavor and went well with the draft beers. We went with the jerk chicken, just enough heat but didn't slow me down. Was really surprised by the BBQ seitan. Good texture and very sweet. Will be attending the brunch and will come back again with more people.I was here on New Years Eve and I had a great time watching the ball drop.  The owner handed out noisemakers and 2017 hats to everyone. Food wise, I had the sampler platter as well as some drinks. The flavor of the food was out of this world - unique and absolutely delicious!!  The service was fast and friendly. If you like spicy food this is the spot for you!This place is a great idea and just opening. They got some pub on facebook so they are getting slammed, as such, the communication between the staff might be a little off as we had to flag someone down to take our order. And THAT is the end of the negative for me.
First off, the Kingston wings. These puppies were on POINT! great flavor and size. I also tried the nachos. Look people, these are a DIFFERENT type of nachos but dem bitches were good as hell. I just wish it came with even more, not that it was skimpy, they were just super good!
For dinner I got the Mo-Bay Bimbap with Bulgogi. Server came out with some side sauce and told us the complimentary picked sides could be placed in the Bimbap. I dumped all of that ish in! It was super tasty and the combination of spice and flavor was to die for.
I went with two other people who ordered the sliders and tacos. The tacos are very close to what you would expect for tacos, but very tasty. Came with a nice side sauce. The sliders however come in this asian bun that I have only had in china town and don't know what it's called. I can tell you that mofo is delicious as fawk though! So if you want some different type of sliders, these are worth trying.
They have a pretty good selection of beers and cocktails. The girls I was with got rasta punch which they seemed to like. Igot this funnel cake beer which was good. I don't drink much, but I would get it again.
Finally, the service. They were slow to take our order, but super nice when we flagged someone down. But the chef came out, the hostess bought over complimentary apps and made suggestion and the food and drinks were all served promptly. 
This is roxborough and not on main street, so it was so nice to find a place like this in the area. I went with two female friends last night and am taking my wife tonight as I feel she will LOVE this place. Also, i don't leave many reviews, so take that as a sign to def try this place out.Stopped at The Spicy Belly for brunch this morning. I'd been hoping to have some of the entree menu items, but those weren't available until 3:30pm. My girlfriend and I both ended up ordering the "K-Town Hash" which surprised us both with how much we liked it. We'll definitely be  back to try more of the food later.
I happen to have a severe food allergy and the staff handled that well, letting me know what items on the menu I could and couldn't have. My girlfriend also dislikes bell pepper and adjusting the food for her was not an issue.
Overall a great experience for the price and so close to home for me that I'm sure we'll make it a staple.glen kim's review was my review - didnt know I was signed in under his account. 
Again - please see below!
Service was amazing. Food was amazing. Drinks were amazing! 
We got the jerk chicken wings and seoul wings as an appetizer. Battered perfectly and fried perfectly. Sauce was awesome! 
Entrees we got the kale salad w/ jerk chicken, dak tori tong (Korean and Jamaican fusion chicken stew - would not recommend for people who can't handle spicy), I think the jerk chicken burger and bibimbap (assorted vegetables w/ rice in hot stone pot and our choice of meat which we chose to try the pork belly).
Prices are very reasonable and it is definitely a hole in the wall. I believe our server told us that the restaurant is fairly new (open sometime in the last 1-3 years).  Owners are brothers, half Jamaican and half Korean. 
Being Korean, I prefer stick rice, especially with any stews or bibimbap especially because when it is heated up in the hot stone pot it gives it a nice crispy texture. However, the stone pot here seemed to be used more for just presentation. Also, wasnt a huge fan of the type of white rice they used however it is a fusion so I can't complain and it is just a personal preference but all of the flavors were definitely on point!Our granddaughter wanted to try this place. I have to admit I wasn't thrilled about the fusion of Jamaican and Korean but it was fabulous. The restaurant is quaint and cozy, service is friendly, welcoming and prompt!  But the food was the star here. Everything we ordered was fresh and delicious from the fish tacos to the smoked jerk wings and the jerk chicken tacos. You can't go wrong here. We will be back for sure.There are great cocktails and the atmosphere is nice. The food is different, I got the bimbibap and the rice had beans, that threw me off bit the pork belly was great. The jerk chicken cheese steak was great and they have the best kind of fries. The soeul wings is different than korean banchan, but great flavour.I filmed here and loved there Dak Dori and curry shrimp. Very flavorful. Got to enjoy happy hour here on a Friday. Great twist to a jerk chicken egg roll. I'm more of a spicy girl so the sweet honey was different but good. I'll be coming back for more entrees.This restaurant mixes two of my favorite cuisines and I am happy to say it did not disappoint. ALL of the flavor combinations were perfect. I was extremely impressed. I got the curry shrimp dish with rice and peas, my friend got the mo bay bimbap w rice and peas and we also got the jerk wings to start. Everything was very well balanced and I would eat there everyday if I could. The only thing I can say is the portions were a little skimpy. My food looked like it had been picked at and as if they were running out of food for the night and were trying to stretch it out into as many portions as they could. The service was also terrible, you could tell they were very flustered and unorganized and backed up but that is something that could so easily be fixed. The food was so good it is something I'm willing to look past hahahaWent here last week and the food, service and experience were excellent. I never had Korean or Jamaican food prior to my visit, but I was pleasantly surprised by the output. The decor on the inside is really inviting and cozy. I can definitely see myself coming back here soon (heard they have a killer brunch) and I will recommend this place to others.The goat stew was awesome!! Do NOT order this if you do not like spicy food. It is hot! The server was friendly, and patient (I went with difficult/picky people). My dad is reluctant to try any new foods so he ordered the jerk chicken cheesesteak and was satisfied with it. Definitely check this place out!Came here early on a Friday night and was asked if we had a reservation. It didn't take long to get seated, but could see why a reservation could be helpful. Managed to make happy hour. Yes!~ We sat at the bar and the bartender couldn't have been friendlier. I started with a Ginmaican (get it?). 
Since I was with my friend who eats a surprising amount, we "started" with the chicken mandu, jerk chicken egg rolls, and jerk chicken wings. At this point, everything we're getting is jamaican and you're probably asking yourself, where's the korean, where's the fusion - then out of nowhere we get a few complimentary plates of banchan (korean small plates). One of the plates - the candied eggplants with a touch of hot peppers was probably one of the best bites of the evening. We asked our server for more and they didn't stop refilling this plate the rest of the night. 
For my main course, I got the dak dori tang which is traditionally korean, but definitely felt the caribbean influence in the spices used in this particular version of it. All in all, if you wanted to try a new concept and some new flavors, it's worth the trip out to Manayunk. 
Tip: You would think this place would be on main street, but it's on a small street off of ridge ave.Fabulous tacos. We had the shrimp and fish ones but if I were to pick - I would say go with the fish tacos which were the more flavorful of the two. For our appetizer, we had the lettuce wrap with pork belly, which I really enjoyed. The pork was slightly crispy and seasoned well. For our side dishes, we had plaintains, cucumbers, and a salad. I would skip the cucumbers next time though, slightly too salty for my taste.This is a little hidden gem in the Manayunk neighborhood. The food incredibly. You can definitely taste the fusion of flavors between the Caribbean and Korean flare. The flavors subtly compliment each other. It's not too heavy but plenty to fill you up. I had the K- Town tacos and an order of fried plantains. You absolutely have to try the plantains if you have a sweet tooth. They were incredible. The pork belly on the tacos was incredibly tender and they're served street taco style with a side of friends or salad.Great neighborhood spot with a pub like feel, but fun and different foods!  The Jamaican fusion added exotic and different flavors to standard burgers, tacos, and dumplings.  Wait staff was attentive and polite.  Food was served hot and with appropriate wait time.  A gem of a find!Maybe it was just the day I went. I decided to go on a Saturday, Service was terrible. I sat at the bar and the bartender was nice but clumsy. He tilted my plate over and made my egg rolls fall out. I ended up not eating one because it touched the bar top. The first set of wings I got were cold... which was weird because they open at 12 and I got there around 12:30pm. All of the food should be made fresh that early right? The second set of wings I got were good. Nothing to rave about but good. The egg rolls were the same.
The concept is really cool but I think it could be executed better. The menu isn't something you don't see at any bar."Did you hear about The Spicy Belly? It's a Jamaican Japanese fusion restaurant that just opened up in the yunk. Heard it's bangin.."
We were excited. And I mean super duper excited to hear about a new Caribbean fusion restaurant opening up in our hood. The location is great considering that it's off of the main street strip and it's a great place to walk to if you are in the area.
Upon our arrival we noticed there wasn't a sign for the business- easy to drive by and not see it. Perhaps the business is still working on a sign. That has no bearing on my rating- just a heads up. 
We walked inside to be pleasantly surprised with the cool decor and the pretty bar. So welcoming and warm. It had a caribbean vibe set with low lighting and a soft glow against matte dark painted walls. A+ --- The seating however was so uncomfortable!!
We were seated immediately... and then it all went downhill from there.  Let me just say, the menu is eclectic and unique for not only this area but in general.  Maybe hiring a waitress who could explain the menu would he helpful.  She knew absolutely nothing about the menu nor she did seem enthused about it. Hey guys- this is a restaurant in a tough area- we want authenticity and to see a business soar. But it won't happen if your staff isn't right for your business. I'm sorry, kinda.
The drinks were poured half way in the glass (mixed drinks).. we were told the bartender was busy... OK then. 
The most positive thing I can say though is that the food was off the charts delicious.  So much love was put into our meals. I will rave about the food till I am blue in the face. The prices were spot on too. Really guys, this food is insanely fantastic.  A+
I wish I could focus more on the food but it's so hard when the experience starts off lousy.  Hire a staff that is well educated on the menu- teach us so we can explain to our neighbors about the amazing menu. I don't want to ask, I want to be told.
Best of luck to you guys.The food that I got, the jerk chicken sandwich was really good. But we went there for cocktail week and the cocktails were horrible. Extremely watered down and verging on tasteless. In addition, as nice as our waiter was, he stopped being nice when we pointed out his mistakes with the bill. He seemed to think he was doing us a favor by doing what we said, when we were only trying to fix his mistakes. Multiple ones. Then he finally realized what he was doing wrong. I would not return.Worst. experience. ever.
The food was "meh" and the service was deplorable. Our waitress had the most unnecessary attitude. When my friend wanted to change her order, the waitress proceeded to roll her eyes and cut off my friend while she was talking to say "but we talked about this when you were ordering." Then, the waitress had the audacity to walk away while my friend was speaking to her and got the manager who was no better. Telling my friend that this was how bimbap was to be served as if we'd never had it before. 
The worst of it all occurred when the owner came to our table under the guise of "small talk" and ended up being the most condescending of them all. He asked our table if we were "familiar" with Korean food and then went on to tell us that next time we come, if we don't know what we want we should order sharables as to not waste food and decide what we like before we order.
My friends are Korean food aficionados and I live for West Indian food so I had high hopes for this resto. Such a disappointment.My family of 4 with two grade school aged kids are here tonight for the first time. It was super delicious and has a great back dining area. We almost stayed for the pub quiz and will definitely come back when we have babysitters. The place got packed on a Wednesday night and everyone seemed tThe menu here is very playful and entertaining.  Owners Jason and Jim have brought their Jamaican and Korean family heritage forward and created a fun fusion cuisine I've never experienced before.  It has to be one of the more exciting meals I've had in a long time.  Well done!! I will be back for sure!So I finally made it after seeing this place on the Travel channel with Andrew Zimmerman! Jason and his brother Jimmy hit the nail on its head! Lord, the apps alone were filling . I've never tasted black beans so good! Carrot slaw and pear salad, very tasty; and the cod fish fritters...ire mon. Melissa was great! She's the new bar star and she makes a mean MoHEATo! Jason is thee most gracious and humble owner/manger I've com across. The only negative is no A/C in the bar area. So any HVAC guys reading this, please hook them up with a mini split! Lol, Until next time...I went with a friend for dinner and had a really pleasant experience. We started with the Roasted Pineapple Guacamole and it was great! The pineapple wasn't overwhelming, but added a little sweetness every now and then, As a main dish we ordered the Des' Curry Shrimp and the Rockin' Seoul Cubano. Both were delicious! The curry had amazing flavor and tasted homemade. The Cubano was good as well, but a little salty. 
The staff was super friendly and helpful. They kept bringing over small samplers for us to try-- I wish I could remember the names of those items, but they were all good! I would definitely go back to try more on the menu!This restaurant was sadly disappointing. I ordered the cod fritters, and fish tacos. Suffice to say I didn't enjoy them. The cod fritter were extremely greasy, in addition there was barely any cod within the fritters. The fish tacos are a completely different story, the discrepancy I had was the salad dressing that was paired with my salad was too salty, I barely tasted the flavour. They neglected to give me a taco divider, so when I poured my dressing on my salad my tacos got drenched. The bass was seasoned very well, but they were the size of my middle finger, and the flour tortillas were extremely large, so the fish to tortilla ratio was completely disproportionate. Now the restaurant as a whole is very nice, the service was amazing our waitress was very attentive. If I do come here again I will not be ordering the same dishes.I am beyond confused by the experience we had tonight...and clearly the servers are too. Seriously, they were so confused about everything. The food was good but not worth going back for the awkwardness and bizarre service. It's a shame, the place has such potential!Heard really great things! Unfortunately our experience wasn't as good as we had hoped. Service was average, food took a very long time, and they forgot our side. My meal was pretty good but cold on top, so cold that I almost asked if it was supposed to be served cold. My girlfriend had fish tacos that she liked but I don't know if the portions were worth the cost. I would go back but not very willingly.I went to the Spicy Belly this past weekend and was impressed.  
The food is outstanding.  We started with the pork belly nachos and the chicken lettuce wraps.  The restaurant makes their own chips in-house, and it is evident in the quality; the chips helped make the nachos top-notch. The lettuce wraps were really good as well, and is served with a cucumber kimchi that is spicy and flavorful. 
We split our meal between the grilled shrimp and bulgogi tacos with regular and sweet potato fries. The bulgogi was cooked perfectly with just the right of sweetness and my wife loved the shrimp tacos.  The fries were really good - crispy and not too oily.
We also sampled the cocktails at the bar.  I can't recall the names of the drinks, but we really enjoyed the watermelon-based drink, as well as the punch.  
The Korean / Jamaican fusion a very unique dining experience, and well worth the trip to Manayunk from the city.  My wife and I went in the middle of the afternoon, when it was a little bit slower and got to meet the owner and the chef, who could not have been nicer.  The interior is distinctive with cool murals from a great local artist.  Highly recommend.I was pleasantly surprised when my boyfriend who doesn't live in a Manayunk was taking me to a "new place" in the neighborhood that I live in. I am so happy that we went here. 
Great spot for some different and delicious food. Jamaican beef patties were too spicy for me but I could tell that they were delicious. The cod cakes were a great appetizer too. We ordered two different Taco dishes and they rocked. Sat at the bar (there's a dining room too) and the service was fast and friendly. We will be back. Highly recommend. Great artwork on the walls too.Awesome find!  Yelp did us well again!!  Hubby decided on an impromptu day trip to Philly. 
Loved pulling up to this neighborhood spot on the corner!  Decor was cool  Host was really knowledgeable and accommodating. Bartender was on point with the playlist. When I hear Sheila E., SWV, Whitney, and Chaka Khan in one hour, you've earned all 5 Stars!!
 Ok... the played Toni Braxton. They are getting 5 stars  
The one  it lost was the tease of the FULL menu on a Sunday afternoon when they were only doing Brunch 
I guess we'll need to be back for dinner!!The food was excellent and did not disappoint. My friend and I ordered the Jamaican mackerel fish along with several appetizers and the food truly is an awesome fusion of Jamaican and Korean food. My favorite appetizer was definitely the dumplings. The location was a bit out of the way but definitely worth the trip!Went here for the first time last night, a Friday. We sat at the bar. Our bartender was friendly and answered any question we had and even talked to us about HGTV for a bit. I was very happy with the service. Food came quickly.
They have a nice craft beer selection and a good cocktail menu. We tried four different cocktails and they were all delicious and interesting. The Melon Market is probably the most unique. The mix of honey and melon is inspired and goes down very easy. My favorite was the sojumon which tasted almost exactly like a watermelon jolly rancher!
We also ordered the Jerk Mondu which were amazing (they were like little dumplings) and the cod fritters. The latter we weren't crazy about but that was more because of the texture than the actual taste, so it seems to be a personal preference. I would recommend everything we ordered.
Overall, great experience. For four cocktails, a craft beer, and two appetizers our bill came to about $55 which is great for the city. I would come here again to try a sit down dinner or brunch.Delicious and the people who work here are super friendly. Big win for this neighborhood. Get the nachos! I don't even like nachos but my friend got them and we shared - now I crave them all the time.I have been here 3 times & each time I like it more than the last. This night I had the Des Curry Shrimp, I absolutely LOVED IT!!! 
The perfection of exploration into the flavors inside of the curry, making the flavor fully  bloom and expose its many layers. 
It is hands down the best shrimp curry I have ever had. Eat Des Shrimp Curry, now.