Really good brunch place with fast service on a busy Saturday. Even the steak was good with steak and eggs.Almost empty on a Thursday morning.  Bright, friendly interior.  Rival brothers coffee was plentiful.  I could actually have done without the cucumber water... It was more than a hint of cucumber.
We had the savory Dutch baby and the eggs Benedict.  Both were delicious.  I would not have thought that fried bologna under an egg, and creamed chipped beef on top, would be appealing.... But honestly, it may have been the best single thing I've ever had for breakfast.
My only quibble was our side order of bacon... It came so crispy, it approached jerky consistency.  
This isn't a cheap breakfast... The bill approached 40. For 2 coffees, 2 entrees and the side of bacon.  But I didn't mind.... It was all creative, different, and fun.My daughter and her boy friend recommended The Dutch one beautiful Saturday morning. We were lucky enough to get a seat outside. There were so many delicious choices we had trouble deciding.
I finally ordered the baby Dutch with fruit and my husband ordered the Bread Pudding French toast. Both were delicious!  We will be back to try some of the other specialties.Great staff and ambiance. However the food is very lacking. I ordered the French onion soup special, side of potatoes and salmon platter. The french onion soup was very sweet and the broth tasted too watered down which made the flavors feel very disconnected. The potatoes were okay, hard to mess up potatoes but overall pretty bland. The worst was the salmon platter. It came with a salad, tomato and cucumber slices and an English muffin. Everything was covered in black pepper, and not a little bit of nice coarse ground pepper, but a powered coating on everything to the extreme. It totally overpowered the flavor of all the ingredients, except I was able to taste 1 tomato because it had gone bad and had that rotting tomato taste that overpowered even the pepper. I was really looking forward to adding this spot to my brunch rotation but sadly I won't be coming back.Simply put - the best place for breakfast or brunch in the city.  The Huevos Rancheros are profoundly memorable...!!  The Ana Banana pancakes superb.  The place is creative and comfortable, warmly welcoming and astonishingly unique, all at the same time.This is truly a great neighborhood place! We went for brunch this past weekend on a warm Sunday morning. Being unfamiliar with this area of the city, we didn't know what to expect and were so pleasantly surprised to find a small, cozy cafe-style place similar to ones I've been to in parts of Brooklyn and East Village in NYC. The staff was welcoming, the room was airy and bright with open windows to let in the breeze, and the food was excellent. While the menu is not huge, the offerings are of extremely high quality and they offer daily specials in addition. The uitsmijter was excellent...guanciale and gouda cheese on top of rye toast with perfectly prepared sunny eggs. The salad that accompanied it was bright and acidic to offset the richness of the dish. The balogna eggs benedict was also great...though very filling with the SOS gravy. While we would have loved to try more, we were too full. This just gives us more reason to return!The food is good but the service is the reason for the 3 stars. They have a sign on their door that says on weekends and holidays they won't seat incomplete parties. So when I got there, my boyfriend was a few minutes behind me. There were several open tables inside or outside but I still had to wait to be seated until my bf got there. They asked me to wait outside because the place is so small. I was willing to let that slide. But once we get menus there's a note on them and in the restaurant saying "we're small so please leave when you're done and paid". So don't go here for a leisurely breakfast. Another thing I could have let go but it took an hour from when we were seated to when we saw food. They're really concerned with their turnover but it seems like they're their own turnover problem. Food was good but also not worth the hour wait and not worth the unwelcome feeling the restaurant exudes.Holy $#!+ - cancel any other brunch plans and come here.  Yelp failed me when searching for brunch, so I hit the googles and found THIS place.  If there was a 6 star available it would be here.  First, the place was packed.  A good sign.  We sat at the bar and were entranced by the show of the chefs just doing art in perfect sync.  It was beautiful and seamless. These guys were having fun too.  
Then there was the food!! Everything gorgeous and brilliant.  David had the savory Dutch and his first bite yielded an "oh my god" that is rare for David.  His only regret was not having room to finish it.  Says the sausage was amazing.  I had a mushroom omelet that couldn't be beat.  They kept walking by with good looking stuff and were super friendly - telling me what each thing was.  One was a chorizo tot that the chef gave us a sample of.  
NOW the only regret is that they are on the right coast and we live on the left! So - take my advice brunch goers - come here.  Oh and the price - $25 for both of us!  We tipped 100% for the wait staff and added same to the chef's tip pitcher (which, btw, is easily overlooked - so look for it!).Never had Dutch before and the food was amazing. Place is small but cozy. We went within 5 min that they opened and was half full. The only Thing I'd my thing is the parking it's a pain.This was our first time dining at The Dutch and it was wonderful. My husband and I are moving in the neighborhood and we were told this restaurant was great. Our server, Becca was fast, courteous and made you feel like you've been going there for years. The food was fresh and delicious. We now have our first favorite restaurant in our new neighborhood!!!Here again, adding an extra star this time. THE VERY BEST LOX OMELET I'VE EVER HAD. So impressed. It was on special, so here's to hoping they have it again. I subbed gouda for the goat cheese, which surprisingly paired perfectly. The salmon was fresh and thickly cut. Much better than the lox omelet I've had at another hugely popular brunch spot in the area. I love the chill and casual vibe of the wait staff - asking if we knew what drinks we were gonna have as we got to chose whatever table we wanted. Also, great iced tea selection. The food here is more unique and fresher than any other brunch spot. Also, you can watch the chefs in action, and they definitely know what they're doing. Each time I come here it gets better and better. Haven't had a bad meal or experience yet.I ordered an omelette that was listed to come with toast and potatoes. It took a long time for the food to arrive and when it did, bacon was mixed in with the potatoes. A restaurant should always list any meat involved in the dish and The Dutch did not. I was eating my omelette waiting for my waiter to come around to ask how my meal was so I could bring up the meat issue, but a waiter never came by to ask how the meal was, which is a service problem. It's disappointing to come to a highly rated restaurant and receive poor service and poor food.My wife and I had our second brunch at The Dutch today. It was our first experience which brought us back. The waitresses and owner were incredibly friendly and attentive. The food matched the excellence service. We had the savory dutch baby and the pancakes. Both were 5/5 but the pancakes may have had the slight edge.
Today, my brunch experience was outer-body. We decided to split the scallion waffle and banana bread pudding french toast. The scallion waffle was one of the best brunch plates I have had in the city. The scallions were light enough so they did not overpower the dish. The waffle complimented the cream chipped beef that went on top. Everyone enjoys french toast, and who doesn't like banana bread pudding? The marriage of these two make perfect sense. Unfortunately this was one of the specials. Let's hope it finds a permanent spot on the menu!
Move over Sabrina's and Morning Glory, there's a new brunch place in town!Whenever I try a new breakfast/brunch place, I try to order eggs with meat and toast to see how a place would do something simple. The Dutch didn't disappoint but it was the best meal I had. Friendly service and coffee was good but the flavor lacked little in their sunny side up (eggs) and I wish the bacon was little crispier.I had the huevos rancheros special and it was out of this world! By far the best I have ever had. Staff were super friendly and attentive. So happy this is on my block! Will definitely be back to check out other menu items.This is the premier dining experience for Pennsport/South Philly brunch. Come here if you want a unique, filling meal. I have been here 8 times already and never was disappointed. The Lebanon Bologna omelette is my absolute favorite, who would've thought cream cheese in an omelette would be so good?!The food was really good but the prices where very expensive for what do you get such as breakfast food. We ordered waffles and eggs Benedict it was ok but again the price was extremely expensive.Things I associated with the word "Dutch" people before going to The Dutch: Clogs? The Pennsylvania Dutch? Dutch Ovens (both meanings). That's pretty much it. 
Things I associate with "Dutch" after going to the Dutch: Delicious Brunch. Brightness. Great, smiley service. Mimosas.
Three of us split the chipped beef scallion waffle (huge,  thick savory waffle smothered in gravy and beef), the Rotterdam kapsalon (2 eggs swimming in braised lamb and tangy hot sauce yogurt sauce topped with pickled veggies), and the Haloumi salad (pickled strawberries,  mixed greens, crispy haloumi nuggets) and a $35 carafe of mango and orange juice which came with a whole bottle of champs for mimosas and we had a great time!
It's a small place, but there was no wait when we got there around 11 on Saturday. They have some limited outdoor seating and the tables inside are a bit close together (but can still accommodate a high chair if need be). There are also a few stools overlooking the kitchen. There's some cool art on display (and for sale) in the bathroom. Another hit for Joncarl! Highly recommend!My hubby and I sat at the counter for breakfast. The service was great and we both enjoyed watching the kitchen staff do their thang. The menu is limited but thats not a problem when everything is fresh and delicious. I would totally come back if/when I visit again.Delicious weekday breakfast for two.  A bit cold inside but easily warmed up with awesome Rival Bro. coffee.  Waitresses were lovely and attentive.  I'm a fan of intimate spaces for brekkie.  Minus one star for the gnats flying around, one landed in my coffee (no biggie, just asked for a new cup) and caught another with my hand.  We sorta had to keep shooing them away.  I think they may be from the plants kept inside.  Anyways, the savory dutch was fantastic with every bite gone.  The ham hash was also a hit.  The cucumber water served was so refreshing early in the morning.  Kudos for a small space having changing table for littles.  A new addition to our brunch rotation.I love trying new places and this one didn't disappoint. The food is delicious and their Bloody Mary mix is even better. Check it out!Went to breakfast with my wife for Mothers Day and the food was good. 
My wife had the Sweet Buttermilk Waffles that were very good. I had the Crispy Lebanon Bologna Omelet and that was very good and unique. The waitress also fills your glass with Cucumber water which is very good and refreshing. We also liked when the waitress went through the Specials menu, and  gave the prices of each item.So delicious. Got there around 10:30 on a Saturday and got seated right away, but the place filled up fast. The banana pancakes were delicious. They did an interesting take on huevos rancheros using a sweet waffle instead of a tortilla.Great brunch place. Good service and delicious food.  I tried the huevos rancheros and it was amazing! I recommend it.  The only thing they are lacking is more coffee options; they only have one coffee option (regular coffee and it wasn't that great).I just finished dinner, literally minutes ago and all I have to say is... AH-MAZING. So The Dutch came highly recommended for brunch which I completely forgot about and decided to go for dinner. Turns out this is the second weekend they're open for dinner and girl I was not disappointed at all. From the very beginning I knew it was going to be a good night. The server, Lewis welcomed us in and we had a bit of small talk. I couldn't stop gushing over how adorable the restaurant itself is. We ended up sitting outside and were able to take in the neighborhood. It's all so comforting and cozy! Fast forward to the food, we ordered the Double Cut Porkchop(sweet potato purée, haricot verts, slaw, apple cider jus) and Our Burger (two patties of grass fed beef, bacon onion ham, Gouda, lettuce and tomato) ... all life changing. No exaggeration. 
We thoroughly enjoyed everything about our dinner.   We're planning to visit for their famous brunch and dinner again. &Lewis, thank you for all the recommendations!! We can't wait to see you againThe boy and I went in for breakfast on a Thursday after a suggestion from a friend. The staff was friendly - we sat at the counter and the boy watched the cooks. I ordered him a pancake, I had the Uitsmijter. The Uitsmijter took me right back to traveling Europe. Perfectly done. The pancake was nice and fluffy. Overall very good stuff. Interested in their weekend dinner...will surely come back again.They serve Dutch food and Pennsylvania Dutch food, what else can I say:)
I would recommend the savory waffle with cream chipped beef (chipped beef scallion waffle). The Dutch Baby dishes are also top notch.
Worth a trip to Pennsport, or if you live in Pennsport, congrats!The staff was very friendly and the food was great. They have a few seats outside which I highly recommend taking advantage of if the weather is nice. Small menu but everything we had was great, including the basic eggs, potato, and bacon as well as the open face sandwich that had cheese, bacon, and eggs on rye (called some serious Dutch word that I can't remember). Fun small place!Our first impression was the welcoming breakfast smell as you walk into the door. A cozy little spot with excellent food, outdoor seating, and great atmosphere. I got the eggs meat(turkey bacon) potatoes and bread. My husband got the ring bologna eggs Benedict. Both portions were perfectly filling. The coffee was delish and never ending! Constantly had our glass filled with refreshing cucumber water! Never had to ask for anything! Would ABSOLUTELY come back!I brought my friends to brunch because I had the best meal of my life at Fond and was excited to try the Dutch. We came on a Saturday so it wasn't a surprise that there was a wait, however we were quoted 20 minutes which turned into 45, watching over 11 other parties stream in ahead of us, and numerous tables left unoccupied and dirty for 15 minutes or more before being cleared. We were finally seated at a dirty table with the past guests' dirty water carafe and coffee accoutrements still left. We sat drinking the water (hot and carafe was sticky and covered in fingerprints) that was delivered for an additional 25 minutes, never being greeted by a server. We finally just left. I was embarrassed that I had chosen this spot  and furious at the service, having been in the industry for years. I will not be back.My husband and I went to The Dutch for a late breakfast. It's was around 1:30pm on a Tuesday. There were a surprisingly significant amount of patrons at the restaurant. What a pleasant experience. The atmosphere makes you feel like you are not in a city. The food is phenomenal. The pancakes were really fluffy and tasty. I had a muffin that was delish! It was blueberry with cream cheese icing. So good. We both ordered the eggs with meat and potatoes. So happy. Even the toast was really good. Love this place and we have now named it our go-to date place when we have off from work.Best breakfast I've ever had.i wish the place was bigger though because it felt a little cramped. My friend came in from out of town and wanted to do breakfast so we at there.  Definitely get the steak and eggs Benedict it was delicious and the steak was cooked perfect the gravy was also to die for ... I will definitely be backThis is our new favorite brunch spot. The savory waffle is by far the best thing on the menu. It's light, fluffy and full of flavor the way waffles should be so you can indulge without having to run home for a cat nap. Today, I had the benedict which everyone at the table drooled over including myself. So good. This place is spot on. So happy to welcome The Dutch to the neighborhood.I've had two meals here now, and they were both Deeelicious. the Dutch Savory Pancake was super yummy and then I had their version of Eggs Benedict, also super yummy. One time we came on a Wednesday morning and the other time was at peak breakfast time on a Sunday. Looking forward to regular breakfasts here on weekdays since there are no lines.4.5*
I think I'll be dreaming about the blueberry pancakes from The Dutch for a long time.   The blueberries are cooked in and on top, and the pancake is cooked to crispy perfection (just like my moms!).   My toddler couldn't get enough, they were THAT good.
Huevos Rancheros - very good too, but the pancakes were the clear winner.
There's seating outside which was great for our two little kids, they could be loud but the sound of the cars drowned them out.  There's also a playground a few blocks away if you're waiting for a table. 
Can't wait to come back!We here for brunch: I ordered the vegetable omelet and carrot muffin. The omelet came with potatoes which were excellent. The omelet itself was very good and I would recommend it. The carrot muffin was the perfect snack after my omelet and again I would suggest you try it if you like carrot cake. The restaurant is small so if you need lots of space to eat you won't be happy. When I was there the restaurant was full so it was noisy but the noise didn't effect our experience.I must say this was amazing. Cute tiny establishment in South Philly which really took me by surprise. Service is quick and attentive. Their water had sliced cucumbers in it. HELLO FANCY! yes please (raises hand). 
my table ordered the beef has special and the waffle with fruit compote and hope made whipped cream ($12). Everything was delicious, REALLY! I want to try your entire menu. 
They also make homemade muffins and jams. You guys have grandma in the back working hard huh. love it! Cant wait to be back.The Dutch is a cute corner cafe with delicious food influenced by the Pennsylvania Dutch. They serve breakfast and lunch daily, but are closed on Mondays.  I ordered the Uitsmijter which is two sunny eggs, gouda, 1732 meats guanciale, pickles, served on top of grilled rye bread with a side salad. My friend and I split the Sweet Dutch Baby, a cast-iron cooked pancake cooked with lemon that curls up around the edges and we added on fresh berries which was a delicious and light thing to share. I'll be back next time I'm in the area.This is the best breakfast in Philly. The menu has a vast array of selection that is great for any dietary restriction. The food is absolutely delicious. I've been here 6 times and have never been disappointed with any selection. Quaint spot though so I wouldn't recommend coming with a party larger than 6.Perfect spot for breakfast. Had the Dutch Baby (savory) with bologna. My son had the bologna omelette with cream cheese. Everything was amazing. Great coffee too!Perfect little breakfast/brunch spot with very satisfying and good quality food. Everything was fresh and cooked perfectly.Perfect Sunday brunch place!  Awesome vibe, great drinks (coffee, blood orange juice, Bloody Mary). We both got huevos rancheros and totally scored!  Will definitely return again soon!Great place!! I live nearby and come here for breakfast. Amazing food. Their dinner is great too!I can't quite remember how I came across this place. It might've been on Philly Magazine's food blog. However I found it, I'm glad I did. I was just here this past weekend and it was a really great brunch experience. Being down in Pennsport, it wasn't super swamped with people, and so the wait time was only about 15 minutes on a Saturday around 11. The inside is cozy and intimate with a seating area and a bar up against the food prep and cooking area (think Cheu Noodle Bar). Importantly, the food was really good. We got the huevos rancheros waffle, a worthy highlight from other Yelp reviews, and the cheesesteak waffle, which was as good as you'd imagine. I also got a side of Lebanon bologna, which I'd never had before. (I usually get scrapple, my breakfast meat of choice. The bologna was alright, but I think I'll stick to scrapple next time.) Overall, this was a great brunch stop and a nice change up from Sabrina's. I'll definitely be keeping it in mind for the future.Came here for a new brunch spot with my sister. Found this place due to the high reviews on yelp. The place is small and was pretty crowded for a weekday afternoon. I'm pretty sure there were only two servers for the tables, breakfast counter and the outside tables. It's November and people were still willing to eat outside! The food was delicious. I had a special which was ham hash with overeasy egg and guacamole on the side. My sister had the eggs Benedict and was pleased. I took off a star b/c the service was just ok. You can be in a hurry but still be pleasant. It was our first time there and we had a few questions but both servers seemed too bothered to answer or barely responded. My sister asked what's a Dutch baby? One work answer: "crepe-like" then walks away. Oh well....remember to byob!Staff was not inviting at all. It was a 45 minute drive on a recommendation from Philly news. So after a long drive, I walked in, was immediately stopped by hostess. I practically greeted her since she wouldn't let me walk to the stand. I told her "3 people." She wouldn't let me sit until the other 2 came, accusing me of lying that I was just trying to get a bigger table. The rest of my party was literally 20 seconds behind me. Same hostess later on went to refill my water, I said "Thank you" and she ignored me. WOW! The seats were hard and uncomfortable. I couldn't get past that rude hostess with the tattoos to even enjoy my food.  :(Eggs, meat, potatoes, bread...so simple, yet so hearty & delicious, when done right. The Dutch has perfected this simple breakfast dish! Potatoes are crisp on the outside & perfectly seasoned. I work nearby & have been getting this dish to go pretty regularly. Planning to come in for a weekend brunch with my family, as I'm excited to try some of the other items on the menu.The Dutch is the best breakfast place around in my opinion. I was so excited when I heard it was opening, I love Joncarl and Lee's other restaurants and could not wait to see what the food would be like with them teaming up...I was not disappointed. The menu has everything from sweet to savory and everything is delicious. And don't forget to take a look at their specials as well. My favorite is the cream chipped beef. The service is extremely friendly, and they make you feel so welcomed. Definitely go check this place out.Outstanding breakfast vegetarian egg white omelet that had roasted veggies and goat cheese. Coffee was plentiful and service friendly and attentive. Will definitely eat there again and will introduce my daughter and her husband to this new place in their neighborhood!It is hard to find a time to stop in without a 45-60 minute wait but it is worth it. I've tired almost everything on the menu and the huevos rancheros are by far the star!A bit out of the way, but the food is absolutely worth the drive. We got chorizo tots, scrapple, baked coffee pancake, and ham hash. Everything came at a timely manner and tastes amazing. The portions are pretty large -- one entree can feed two people. My girlfriend and I couldn't finish our meal due to how much food there was, haha!
I love this place, and will come back!Was a really nice restaurant, but it's very small. The tables are very close together, and it crowds up quickly, so I wouldn't suggest going as a group. But the food was great! Extremely tasty and filled both me and my boyfriend up, well worth the price. The only thing i would have changed would have been my steak. It was well seasoned but a bit burnt on the outside and well done even though i asked for medium-well.Wow! We picked this spot based of other Yelp reviews and couldn't be more pleased. This place is small, but very clean including the bathroom. We took the waitresses recommendations and ordered the ring bologna eggs benedict and the ham omelette special. Both were fabulous. From the homemade English muffin to the chipped beef topping to the side of home fries, the eggs benedict was a hit! The ham in the omelette was thick and smoky and paired perfectly with the cheddar cheese, black beans, and yummy guacamole. The thick-cut sliced rye bread sealed the deal! The wait staff was super friendly and helpful. Definitely give this place a try! We'll be back to try the Sweet Dutch on our next trip to Philly!The Dutch was absolutely amazing! My grandmother came in from out of town and I wanted some where for brunch but also to sit and catch up with each other. Lee was our server, they rocked! Gave suggestions on the menu, was  attentive but also knew we were having an intimate conversation. We sat outside on a beautiful Wednesday afternoon. I ordered the savory scallion waffle, so so so good! I will definitely be going back to this cute little spot.Great start to finish. Delicious omelette, excellent coffee, terrific service and cute place.Should I admit that this is our second time here this week? My son and I enjoyed it so much the first time, we had to return with my husband! We've tried both the grilled vegetable and mushroom omelette and both were delicious. The potatoes that accompanied the omelettes were flavorful and perfectly cooked. My son's pancake (a plain Ana banana) was the largest, fluffiest pancake we've ever seen, and he devoured it (we made the mistake of ordering two pancakes for him the first time...one was more than enough for a five year old). The atmosphere is light, clean and welcoming. Our servers have been outstanding.What a chill, low-key neighborhood spot to grab a bite in the daytime! Four and a half stars for less greasy spoon diner, more hipster hangover cure. Lots of street parking in the area. We opted to sit at the counter instead of snagging the last outside table; service still got a little sparse towards the end, but the staff members were friendly when they did stop by. Condiments available upon request.
We had enough options to give variety to everyone's palate, cucumber water to sip at while we waited, and some local kombucha to get the detox going. Though tempted by multiple daily specials, we settled on the pork belly hash and the regular savory dutch baby. Good textures and flavor in the hash. The dutch baby ate like a hybrid of scallion pancake and American pancake (which ameliorated my general boredom with the latter); I think the sausage gets added to the savory baby later in the process, so the meat is still moist and without proper adhesion you knife-and-fork very patiently to compose each bite. I wasn't too liberal with syrup on the savory pancake, so both were hearty without being too heavy, and left us extremely full by the last bite.Can't say enough about this place. Great food at a reasonable price. It is THE best place to have brunch in Philly in my opinion. Don't miss the roasted mushroom omelette.I was already thrown off by the cucumber water and thought "oh it's that kind of place". If you're picky, the menu might be hard for you to pick through, but all in all they have decent service and good food.I have nothing bad to say! the food is amazing, we had the Reuben tater tots, the savory Dutch baby and the sweet Dutch baby. We brought our own champagne and ordered OJ. The mimosas were amazing, the food was on point, the place is adorable. It was a bit of a walk into south Philly but no complaints here!V cute place. We loved the food. Waffle dish was excellent and portion of steak n eggs was really big for my big appetite. YayThe food and service was excellent.  I had the french onion soup and it was one of the best I've ever had.  The scallions on top was a nice touch.  My entree was the chicken and waffle and it was also very delicious.  The chicken was seasoned very well and cooked to perfection.  I would suggest that they make the chicken as it's own entree because it was that good!Yummy. Get a dutch baby, baby. Actually get 2 because the person across from you is going to ask for a bite and then you will have to fight them. Half point deducted for lack of the double dutch baby on the menu which just seems stupid.I visited The Dutch last month for a Tuesday brunch with Sari A. It was my birthday and there was a full lineup of festivities ahead, so I wanted a hearty base to start the day. The Dutch turned out to be an excellent, low-key choice.
When we walked in, the small room was fairly empty and we sat right down. It was a Tuesday, after all. We both started with cups of water and coffee...as well as some beer since they are BYO. Our small table looked fairly silly with all the liquids on it but whatever, it was great.
For my meal I ordered the savory dutch baby (oven-baked pancake with sausage) and a side of one scrambled egg. While delicious, I filled up surprisingly fast and had to leave some of the  pancake behind. The egg was worth it though!
Everything at The Dutch is fairly minimialistic but the vibe is welcoming and the service was great. I'd definitely return for another meal in the future.Incredible breakfast and service. Will definitely come back. The Huevos Rancheros was ridiculous!The scallion waffle with cream chipped beef is excellent. It's probably the best waffle I ever had. It's thick, dense and fluffy. The gravy and beef was perfectly creamy and slightly salty. We also had the soft shell crab eggs Benedict which was delicious.This is one of my favorite brunch spots in Philly so far! If you are looking for unique flavor, a sweet atmosphere, and amazing service this is definitely the place to be! I would recommend the German egg and prosciutto toast, as well as the lemon Dutch.Really great food and service. Nice casual brunch place on a cute South Philly street. The eggs were cool because they were local and farm raised.Be prepared to wait outside for your table this is a fun friendly unique spot with very interesting food choices also its byob which i wish i had known ahead of time! We sat at the counter which was fun to watch them create the "dutch baby" a large eggy crepe sweet or savory  I recommend the huevos rancheros on corn waffle resplendent with gobs of fresh guac! Upbeat vibe and very welcoming!Torn between 3 and 4 stars. Went with 4, because I think this place is definitely worth a visit! Had the huevos rancheros waffle. I thought the waffle part would have been a little more tasty than it was. I think that might be, because it's on a cornmeal waffle rather than a typical waffle (might just be personal preference). It looks amazing, but cover anything with guacamole, cheese, salsa, and bacon... and DUH . We got seats right away, ordered right away, but it took a while for our two waffle meals to come up. If waiting turns you off, this might be problematic for you. Aside from that I'm sure, I'll be giving The Dutch another shot eventually - the other items on the menu seem unique and special. I wouldn't go back for the same meal I had, but I would to try something else.Came here for the German pancakes. They were good. We made our own mimosas too. Great little spot. Good staff. Food was good.Cute spot!
Roasted Mushroom Omelette.
Savory Scallion Waffle.
Sweet Dutch Baby w/ Berries.
Pretty darn good. 
Wish we could've tried more.Maybe it was a poor choice on my part, but 14$ for a Cobb Salad kinda turned me off.  Was it good?  Yes - very good.  Is the place cool?  Yes.  But it just didn't seem worth it.  There are plenty of other cheap, delicious brunch places in the city that are just as good.Carefully made food and great service. The only downside is that it can get crowded at prime times.The cooks in the kitchen insulted my girlfriend for rejecting a pancake that was burnt on one side. His comment was that McDonald's had better pancakes. This is not professional behavior, especially when you know the edge was crispy and BURNT. I'm simply not happy with the insulting verbal interaction that came out of this when our reaction was calm during our meal. Not coolOverall, a satisfying experience. I will definitely come back here and order something savory.
Today, I was craving sweet so I ordered their Ana Banana pancakes. Two giant, fluffy, pillowy banana and blueberry pancakes covered in more bananas and blueberries, powdered sugar and a fresh homemade whipped cream. Delicious and decadent and totally worth the price since it's so filling....almost too filling. I think next time I'll switch it up so I'm not in a carb and sugar coma.
Boyfriend got the ham steak and 3 fried eggs, which came with some home fries and extra thick and crunchy toast. He said overall it was very tasty, but the ham and eggs were maybe cooked a tad bit too long.  Also came in big portions so I'd say it's worth the price.
Cucumber water was a nice refreshing touch especially since i can't justify $4-5 on a glass of OJ. You can BYO vodka/champagne here for a boozy brunch, FYI. I saw they offer Bellini mix which is different.
It was packed at 12:30 on a Sunday, so get here earlier than the regular brunch crowd if you can. Because of the sheer amount of people both inside and out, food times also took quite a while for breakfast food, but the kitchen expedited as best they could. Still no apparent AC or fan system in there, so it got quite hot and stuffy with all the greasy cooktops going. So, good hangover food, but not a good hangover setting.
They had 5 or 6 specials of the day and I'm kicking myself for not ordering the huevos rancheros which come atop a cornmeal waffle. 
Will definitely be back since it's in the area and seems to be a far better improvement over Fourth and Cross.Endless delicious meals being pumped out of this place. 
My husband had the club sandwich, I had the Ana banana, and we both drooled over our neighbors meals of huevos rancheros over a waffle and his sausage egg cheese on a roll with potato hash. As they equally drooled over hours. 
Can you say yumm.  It is so much fun watching them bust their butts at the chefs counter despite the intense heat coming from the grills.I went here for brunch with some girl friends.  I'm told this place usually has a wait, which is understandable as it's tiny tiny, but completely worth it! BYOB so we brought champagne and ordered a carafe of OJ.  I ordered cheese steak hash with 2 sunny side eggs and wheat toast.  Everything was delicious and cooked to perfection.  Didn't even finish my plate as the serving was so large.  Only mild compliant is that they politely asked us to give up our table after we paid the check as they had a wait and we were just talking.  Can't fault them for that, by the time we were done there was a fairly long wait. I would absolutely go back though!My husband and I went to the Dutch for brunch last Saturday, mostly because we were in the neighborhood.  I am so glad we went-it was fantastic!  It's bright and airy, and everyone on the staff was very friendly and welcoming. The food was fantastic, my husband raved about the grilled romaine salad, I had one of their specialties - the Uitsmijeter, which was wonderful. One of the owners was working and greeting everyone-he went out of his way to run out the door to say goodbye to some people.  We will be back, but I'm sure it will be packed once people find out about this gem!This was absolutely worth the half hour trek to south Philly! If nothing else catches your eye, the eggs have those perfect orange yolks you can only get when the eggs are fresh from the farm. 
There is comfortable indoor and outdoor seating, perfect for a June morning! They serve up Rival brothers coffee as well as a variety of teas. BYO with carafes of OJ available. 
And the food. Ohhhh the food. Whatever bright mind thought of putting together a rye English muffin, cream chipped beef, smoked sausage, and eggs... props forever  
Fiancé had the cheesesteak hash, because why wouldn't you add steak to hash? It already has the key ingredients, and he said it was, and I quote, "better than a cheesesteak." Challenge accepted, anyone?