Great hotel. I have stayed here a couple of times. Right on Rittenhouse Square makes it the perfect location.Great spot. Great service. Overlooks park. What more can you ask for. We had a wonderful time and were treated like royalty. Price was a little steep but that's nothing compared to the memories we retained for this magnificent stay. Book your trip.There are plenty of other hotels in the area that are nicer for significantly less money. There was mildew in the room and a cockroach on the lower level. The neighborhood is nice, but I'd rather stay in an Airbnb than this overpriced dump!The very best of the best. My mother and I came to Philadelphia for a girls shopping weekend and stayed at the Rittenhouse Hotel. We didn't want to leave!!!!  Everything was perfect. We ADORED the General Manager and CONCIERGE.  I just cannot write enough about this wonderful hotel only that if you go, you wont want to leave.Stayed here on my boyfriend and I's anniversary and enjoyed a wonderful trip! The room was wonderful, I can't count the number of times I said WOW! The staff was fantastic, greeting us with happy anniversaries and calling us by name every chance they got. We also ate breakfast and lunch here the last day of our stay because of a 100$ credit we got with our room. The breakfast was great, and lunch we ate the BEST turkey clubs we've ever had! Every thing was definitely worth the money.
Only con:The fitness room was a little outdated.This review is specifically for the afternoon tea. 
I had been having a rough past few weeks and my husband surprised me by making reservations here for afternoon tea (hadn't had it for the past few months, since I moved to Philly from D.C.). Bonus: it was one year since my now husband proposed to me :)
The place settings were beautiful and cozy and the music, softly played all my favs from the Sound of Music. (I secretly lost it at edelweiss, such a beautiful song). The harpist was a dream. 
I also must say the service was impeccable from the minute you step in to coat check until you leave. Servers were very attentive and knowledgeable. We got the $55 package which came with the sweet and savory tea bites and cakes platter, a glass of wine and your choice of tea in your own teapot. What I was unused to and was quite pleasantly surprised by was the "sharing" option where for $20 more you could get another tea/teapot. I am definitely used to just having to pay double price. 
Honestly, I loved all the little sandwiches and the scones (and accompanying spreads) were amazing but I didn't much care for any of the desserts except maybe the little fig one. I think I might have enjoyed them more if they were chilled. Not sure. Also when the server came to explain what was on all the platters, she only spoke about the scones and savory stuff and didn't mention anything about the desserts...I mean some were obviously chocolate but since they were so thorough with the rest why not? Also we opted for the sharing option because I am used to 2 of everything being brought on the platters anyway but maybe next time we might just pay double because there was only one of everything so difficult for both of us to try everything.Terrible service and the rooms smelled.  I don't blame the cleaning folks. It's definitely the people who run the hotel so poorly. 
I wouldn't stay there if I had any other choice- especially because of the unnecessarily high prices.
...I also found a roach, so that was an unhappy surpriseAttending an amazing wedding, and stayed at this hotel.  The catered dinner was phenomenal (from an eating, decor, and service perspective).  My room was large and luxurious, loved the robe, staff is top notch and responsive.  This is what you would expect from a top-tiered hotel.  Great location off of a beautiful square, central philly location.  Would absolutely stay here again, and recommend to everyone.With great hotels, it's the small details that make the difference, and the Rittenhouse Hotel has certainly succeeded.  From the first person to greet you to check-in and throughout your entire stay the staff at the Rittenhouse Hotel exemplify excellent service and professionalism.
As for the facilities, they are first rate.  The rooms are extremely spacious, and thanks to the unique architecture, most have views of Rittenhouse Square.  The bathroom has a separate tub and oversized glass shower.  Toiletries are from Aromatherapy, and the bed was very comfortable.  The meeting rooms at the hotel are also very comfortable, and we made good use of them during our stay.  The location couldn't be any more central or better, but you should definitely check out Lacroix.  I've had both brunch and dinner there, and it is consistently one of the best restaurants in Philly.  I also got a great rate at $249/night, so why would anyone stay at a Marriott or Hilton at the same price?  Highly recommended!I can't say much about sleeping here, since I have not done that, but I have had breakfast, lunch and tea and best of all, I have had a massage and facial in the spa.  These things were so good, I'd sleep at the hotel just to have tea and a massage again.
The spa area is being renovated so it did not lose points for dinginess.  The spa staff was stellar. My two clients and I had massages and facials and each of us felt that they were some of the best services we have ever had.  The atmosphere is warm and friendly, yet a little posh. There is a sauna and lots of goodies in the bathroom (you know, combs, brushes, razors) to make you feel like you have the conveniences of home. The prices are on the high side, reflecting probably the location (next to Rittenhouse Park) and the usual clientele.  
The tea service was amazing. The view is almost suburban because of the proximity to the park.  
There is valet parking and a discount with the spa services. Still it costs $25 to park there.  Parking exists around the corner in a private lot, but there you pay almost $20 depending on how long you park.  You might as well use the valet service and get a few extra minutes at TRH.It's not a bad place to be.  Large rooms overlooking the park.  Huge marble bathrooms with tub and shower options.  Everything was clean and neat as it should be.  
Service wasn't as warm as I would expect but they weren't rude either.  The doormen were helpful for finding local spots to dine.  The car service was super easy as well.  The lobby was over the top, very luxurious. But I don't spend much time in lobbies.  Overall, pretty charming spot to sleep.Stayed here for a week on a work trip very old school classic decor - gold finishes, large rooms & unbeatable location. Exceptional staff. Room service is expensive ($40 for breakfast) but the food was excellent,  delivered exactly on time by a fantastic guy that couldn't have been nicer. The parking fees are horrendous so if you've rented a car (1st, WHY cause you can walk/taxi/uber anywhere for less) just know it's gonna cost you a bundle.I would give the staff ******. That's right six stars. Helpful informed friendly. The best. The jazz at night is very good. The location is very convenient to great restaurants and shopping. The rooms are nice. The more you pay the better they are.I ended up at the Rittenhouse after a reservation at another hotel got messed up (my fault). From that phone call - every interaction with every staffer -- valet, front desk, doorman, bartender, EVERYONE was amazing. It's not small hotel but I was addressed by name and greeted as a long term guest by everyone. Every interaction was designed to reduce stress - including a free cocktail while they found me a room. When the standard I had booked was not available - I was upgraded. The hotel itself is absolutely beautiful - modern and elegant - even the hallways! We didn't have dinner there but did have drinks, desert and breakfast -- all great. This is the hotel you'd like to bring with you to every city you visit.Recall my last review; great hotel and service but lack of any fitness facility kept it from 5 stars. Also thought the shower was a little small. 
New fitness facility is now open. All top of the line Techno Gym equipment. Trainers very friendly. Dressing room first rate with steam and sauna. Great spa area, you can get a straight shave to boot. 
PS The shower in my room 507, full size along with very spacious room. 5 Stars baby.Although I did not stay here as a guest(I came for tea service), every single employee I encountered was no less than pleasant. From the doorman to the tea room, they all have great customer service skills.
For example, there was a guest while I was there that came to the check in desk looking for a lost item. It turns out the employees were able to call lost and found and discover it had already made its way back to his room after being found in a common area by another guest.
Every guest was greeted by name and while I waited for tea service, no less than 3 guests called the desk to lengthen their stay. Its very easy to see why; I probably would too!Very impressed by their customer service. Manager made of contacting me directly regarding any minor issues and resolving them. Much more personal level of client service than I would have expected from a larger chain.
Location is great, as are meeting facilities. Will plan to stay again.I love Philly - went to college there and grew a genuine fondness for the city that I don't think will ever leave me.  I love to visit - no negative biases here at all.  So I think I'm ok to ask, what is the deal with the hotels?!  Last year I stayed at the Four Seasons and it was tired, so I tried the Rittenhouse this year and it was deja-vu - same yellow/beigish decor, same tired Ethan Allen type furniture.  We got a large suite which was nice and spacious with a lovely view of the park, but it looked like it hadn't been renovated since the 90s, maybe 80s - stucco ceiling?!  And it was by no means cheap.  Disappointing.  
Maybe next time I'll try the new Ritz on Broad (in an old bank, I believe).
Service was fine - nothing incredible, but nothing bad.  Spa was ok.  Lacroix brunch was TO DIE FOR.Lackluster... Our room was spacious but everything was old. The chalking in bathroom was two different colors. Room had odd sewer odor.  We ordered room service. The turkey club was the BEST we've ever had and the hamburger was the absolute WORST - beyond words how terrible it was. Fries had so much salt that even the kids would not eat them.  Evening bar menu had very little to snack on.  Disappointing experience.  Sadly, we would not go back.I was fortunate the event I was attending was at this amazing hotel. Over the top on customer service. Great luxurious room. Slippers, robes, great bathroom condiments, HIGH-speed internet and more.
I stayed 2 nights and I would go back.
As others have said, you can't beat the location. The park, the street vendors, really old buildings. Close to everything.
Great place to hold events. The banquet staff was ON IT. Our event for 250 people had a cheese steak buffet!Best Hotel in Philadelphia by far.  I say this having stayed in a few of the nicer ones and having had relatives stay in others while visiting us.
Rittenhouse Square is a fantastic location and the hotel rooms have the best possible view. The rooms are beautiful and the service could not be better.
We celebrated my birthday there one weekend and they really made it special with chocolate strawberries and champagne.
They are extremely child friendly.  The kids loved the Luxe Camping Experience which provides a tent, sleeping bags, gourmet s'mores etc. in the room for a very reasonable additional fee.  They also have a Treasure Chest in the Lobby where the kids found toys better than they've gotten at recent birthday parties. And there was little traffic in the luxurious pool where both the water and air were heated to a comfortable level.
Lacroix is probably the best restaurant in Philadelphia.  At least it was the last time we celebrated an anniversary there.  Unfortunately, we did not eat there this last time since our youngest child is probably too young.  However, we had drinks there and the bartender was fantastic. He even surprised them with delicious chocolate chip cookies.
Simply could not have been a better experience.Beautiful, clean, we had a great view from the 7th floor of Rittenhouse Square. The staff was fantastic, always smiling and helpful. I would love to stay again.One of my two favorite hotels on the planet, and I've been to a lot of them. Great staff, superb rooms, great location. Upscale and comfortable without being stuffy, pretentious or phony. Great rates if you watch the web. You can pay alot more in Philly and get a lot less. Great for business or pleasure. A can't miss. I've stayed here alot and have never had a bad or even indifferent experience.This was our first stay at The Rittenhouse, and we were overall very impressed. The staff was courteous and helpful, the room was well-appointed and we lucked into a room facing the park (lovely view).   
Unfortunately, our first night happened to coincide with a Mitt Romney fundraising event (yes, we saw Mitt in person, so I can cross that one off my must-do-in-life list ::rolls eyes::).  This was met with a march and protest by Occupy Philadelphia, all of which made for some loud craziness trying to get to dinner our first night. Not the hotel's or the protesters' fault, but a little frustrating, especially since the staff wouldn't admit what was actually causing the scene (despite us having seen Mitt, and the protest being clearly against Mitt). 
Anyway, our second night was much quieter. I'm sure this place is over-the-top expensive, but since my mom was footing the bill, I didn't have to worry about that. If price isn't a concern, The Rittenhouse is a safe bet for a clean, comfortable room with all the bells and whistles that accompany this kind of hotel.This was the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at. The hotel staff was extremely friendly, the room was large and it had both a shower and a bathtub, slippers, robes, flatscreen tv, free wifi, great location, etc. No complaints other than it being pricey.Did not end up staying at the hotel because bad weather cancelled our flight. At first they told me they wouldn't offer me a refund for the room. The hotel called me the next day and not only offered a refund also offered a free night at their hotel. Class act.Spacious room, hot showers, luxurious bed, & room service were all wonderful. It is a short walk (but feels longer in heels!) across the park to our favorite restaurant. So happy my husband and I were able to celebrate our wedding anniversary with a mini staycation at this hotel.Just returned from Philly and our second stay at the Rittenhouse in about as many years. Once again we appreciated the gracious service, excellent accommodations, central location, and lovely view overlooking the park. 
Considering the high cost and dreary level of service/accommodation/food in most hotels, whatever extra you pay here brings exponential returns in satisfaction.I have stayed in many hotels in my travels and this place knows service and how to treat a guest ! Over the Top style !Nothing bad to say about this place except two things:  I asked for the NY Times and we got the Wall Street Journal (small potatoes, for sure); and the morning felt like a freaking cacophany of slamming doors.  I mean, seriously, the door next to ours slammed at least 15 times, and my brain was rattling.  They should invest in those things that slow the doors down before they shut.
Besides that, lovely time.  Nice big room, ridiculously comfy bed, we got a view of the Square, amazing deep bathtub with really nice aromatherapy bath products.  Just a very very nice place to stay if you can swing it.  But be prepared to wake up whenever your neighbor is off to work.My family decided to stay at the Rittenhouse because of its proximity to the Franklin Institute. We wanted to check out their Jurassic Park exhibit, which was amazing. Unfortunately, our trip into Philly was less than amazing. There happened to be a pro-Trump rally, which extended our hour plus trip into Philly another hour. Traffic was terrible. Needless to say, by the time we got into the hotel, my husband and I were at our wits end. We have two girls under 5, one who acts as if the car seat is trying to swallow her alive. Anyways, we finally arrived and it was as if we were walking into heaven. No joke- someone was even playing the harp in the lobby. We were immediately escorted into the gorgeous lobby, given champagne and snacks, and taken care of. I thought I was hallucinating when they brought my daughters to the "treasure chest" to pick out toys, and brought them apple juice, a platter of breads, and coloring books and crayons. We went to the pool after getting our room, took a nice bath, and then had their recommended babysitting service come so we could go out to dinner at their restaurant, Scarpetta. It was delicious, the babysitter was fantastic, and we had a great night. I don't have enough good things to say about this hotel. Top notch service, we will absolutely be back. I cannot wait for our next visit.The Rittenhouse Hotel is like the BEST PLACE ON EARTH!!! I am from the Rittenhouse/ Fitler Square area I am so super impressed!!!! They made my wedding so memorable!!! I love Allison from their team! I  beyond impressed!!! I give accolades to the Rittenhouse! They were an integral part of my wedding day being the most memorable day in my life! Bravo!!! This location comes highly recommended super A+++ between the food, hair salon, makeup, bridal suite, tea room, party space, shopping, concierge, elegant rooms, luxury, restaurant, bar and the most amazing brunch in all 7 continents at Lacoix don't miss out this is the place to go!!!I have stayed at some of the nicest hotels on the planet and none have had better service (at least in the US) than this place.  Not the Ritz, not the 4 Seasons.
The location is as good as it gets in Philly.
Our room was huge and had great views of town.
The linens were really, really nice.
Free booze?  Sure.  We got two glasses of bubbles after dinner.
Directions?  Sure.  The guys at the front door gave us the bar none, best directions that I have ever been given in my life.  The doormen can stand up against any doormen in the world.
Next time we come to visit friends in NYC we are staying here and going back and forth.  We love this place.This was my home away from home for over six months.  Love the staff, love the service, love the room, love the location!  If you are staying in Philly a great spot to stay!  To top it off, you are steps away from Rittenhouse square where the locals walk their dogs daily and shops and restaurants.Pricey but well worth it.  The rooms are incredibly spacious with sitting areas, and immaculate.   I love the bathroom with great shower pressure (my #1 thing i notice about a hotel) a television in the bathroom (love that) and a very comfortable bed.  The staff is incredibly gracious and accomodating.  Anything you need, is yours.  And location, location location.  Walk outside on a beautiful sunny day, and your'e in the lovely rittenhouse square with your hearts content of bars restauarants, shops and places to walk.
But I'd call it more "comfortably elegant" than swank.The Rittenhouse is really my idea of heaven.  Everyone there is super polite and heavy on the customer service.  It feels like you are the hotel owner every time you stay there.  It's the only place I want to stay when I'm headed to Philadelphia.
The rooms are very nice.  They are super roomy.  I'm not sure if I'm upgraded because of the Virtuoso travel club, but my rooms are excellent.  There is a seating area with a TV, sofa, and work desk, as well as, a bedroom.
The restaurant is amazing.  The food is creative and delicious.  Like the hotel staff, the service in the restaurant is top notch.  Everything I've eaten there is excellent.
If you are looking for the top in Philadelphia hotel, the Rittenhouse is it.Originally I liked this hotel. Very nice and great staff. But my stay was back in December. Today, seven months later I get an email from them saying they charged my card on file for transportation that they apparently forgot to charge me originally. This was a business trip so now I need to go through the paperwork from back then and see if I can get reimbursed for this. It took them seven months to charge this to me. They sure didn't seem to care, just a robotic apology because they got their money and I'm the one left with the tab if I can't get the reimbursement. Trust lost.Decent. Was missing a TV on the desk in front of bed so we were forced to watch the tv that was in the sitting areaOne of the greatest boutique hotels around. It is located across from a park in the middle of the city. I arrived on a Sunday with dry cleaning needs. They had my suit dry cleaned and perfect within hours. The floors each had coffee in the morning and champagne at night. It was a wonderful experience to stay at the Rittenhouse Hotel.Staff and room were great.  I highly recommend the hotel.Outstanding staff. After a mixup with my Amex platinum concierge reservation the room was outstanding- a suite with 1 1/2 baths. Perfect for family group 
Great jazz combo in the evenings.Don't get me wrong, the place is pretty nice. I will go along with others that have positively commented on the reception of guests. However, for a place that prides itself on phenomenal service I will have to slightly disagree. 
I stayed at the Rittenhouse for three days on business. Upon checking in I had the desk make reservations for a car for me to use on my third day of stay (which I needed by 10am on the third day). Naturally, I assumed everything was arranged after they assured me that it would be. However, at 9:45am on the third day (the day I needed the car) the hotel called me to mention that the rental car company I prefer did not have any cars available and that they wouldn't be able to secure me a car (again, this is 15 minutes before I needed the car). 
After firmly insisting that I wasn't in need of a car to go sight seeing, I truly needed it for business, I had to essentially instruct the head concierge on other companies he might want to try to get me a damn car (all I needed was four tires, an auto tranny, and a navigation device). After seeming quite put out by my request, he was finally able to get me a can by 11am (an hour later than I specified). Needless to say, I wasn't extremely happy with their "world class service." 
I may have had an isolated incident, but I'm pretty sure I won't return to the hotel if I need special arrangements made. Otherwise, the hotel was "fine."There is not a better place on earth to have a drink, a meal, spend a night, spend a few nights or get married!  We had our wedding at The Rittenhouse last weekend and I could not have dreamed of a better event.  Every detail was attended to.  I truly believe that the captain and his team could read my mind!  100% satisfaction.Spacious room with a massive bathroom and a great view of the park.  Our flight arrived at the crack-o-dawn and they let us have early check-in when we arrived at 9am (thank you front-desk man Greg, you rock).  We attended a wedding there and it was beautiful.  They service and catering was amazing.  The elevators take forever but that's my only complaint.  The black out curtains and proximity to restaurants/shopping were also much appreciated the morning after the wedding.  If I ever need a hotel in Philly again, I will definitely stay here.  AAA discounts as well, yeehaw.What a charming and elegant place to stay!!  The room had such an old New England style decoration with plenty of space while the beddings and linens were top quality. The price was reasonable and the location by the park, shops and restaurant made it so convenient!  Staff was so professional. A true home away from home experience!My husband and I stayed here along with our 3 year-old daughter. This place was very nice- we would definitely stay here again! Rooms are very spacious and clean. Service is impeccable. Bed was SO comfortable- we all got a really good night's sleep! Location is excellent- right near good shopping (Anthropologie on the corner, Burberry down the street) and good eats (Max Brenner's just a few minute walk away!). They even provided a mini robe and slippers for my daughter. At turn down, they give you chocolates (that were really good!), weather report for the next day, and free shoe polishing service (put your shoes out by 1am and they're returned by 6am the next day).  We also dined at one of the restaurants in the hotel, Lacroix. Excellent food and service! My only complaint was that the pool was small, but overall this is a great hotel and I hope we will return sooner than later!We expected incomparable service -HOWEVER...
...."highly acclaimed, friendly and accommodating staff" "Always top notch service" These adjectives and accolades from various websites were the biggest reason for us as we carefully choose which hotel to spend our long weekend in Philadelphia.     We were impressed that the Rittenhouse hotel was compared with the Ritz Carlton and the Four Seasons.  We expected incomparable service, a friendly and accommodating staff and top notch service. However ( and yes, here's the however part) after a perfectly pleasant greeting from Joe, the Bell/hop/door man who unpacked our car and brought our luggage cart to the front desk for check in, all expectations failed from that point forward.  The man at the front desk looked up from his computer with a 'Next" attitude. Not one smile, not one 'Welcome to the Rittenhouse,' not one ounce of warmth.  Friendliness? Nope. Top notch? UN check. We expected to be welcomed enthusiastically. We expected a hello, even. It was cold, quick and impersonal. 
The bellhop who took our things to our room was reticent in providing information about our room, our hotel or our floor.  We had to ask basic questions like, where are the restaurants, where is the fitness club, where can we get some ice. You know, things a top hotel who prides itself on providing incomparable service would offer without being prompted.  We expected more. 
The room and view are wonderful by the way, but the staff not so much- in the morning   I went down for coffee, (and by the way, this highly acclaimed hotel only offers coffee between the hours of 5am and 7am. So you better be an early riser) I came down at 7:15 and I was told that I was too late. Are you kidding me?  You stop serving coffee at 7am???   Seriously I'd have second thoughts about staying here. It's no Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons.While a stay at the Rittenhouse certainly is pricey, it is well worth the money! The service is incredible from the doormen to the turn-down service. Not a detail is missed! My room was large and though it was not modern it also did not seem dated. A very nice place to stay overall (though I do not recommend the hotel restaurant, Lacroix).Was here for a work related event and the spread that they set out for our continental breakfast was SO TASTY! Everything was covered from condiments for you morning  coffee or tea to spreads for your morning bread. Our lunch was great also salad fresh. tomato soup was delicious! I will be sure to go back and visit the hotel!This is a truly wonderful hotel. The staff is superb, the rooms are well-appointed and clean, the location cannot be beat and the food is FABULOUS. I mentioned that I loved the little homemade soft pretzels and they managed to have some on my room service order.  A special touch that I really appreciated.Really wanted to love this hotel and was looking forward to our stay here. We adore the restaurant here and decided to stay here as well. The hotel is beautiful and the room was fairly large with a nice view. However, there were two issues: 1) at check-in we learned that the pool and sauna were closed for renovation (this information was not available when we booked). Not a huge disappointment but I would have probably booked another hotel that has a functioning sauna in the same neighborhood. 2) the heating system was ridiculous - the rattling noise literally kept us up all night. We had to constantly turn the heat on and off. The noise was disturbing to the point where you could not sleep through it but it was getting cold in a few hours so we would have to turn it back on.
When the heat issue was mentioned to the check-out person, he said he would talk to the manager and absolutely NOTHING was done about the issue except for a lame apology. The night of what was supposed to be a restful sleep was completely ruined for us. The least they could do was validate the parking. I did not expect this from the hotel of this caliber. We also had reservations for brunch at the restaurant for $70 per person that day and were almost mistakenly charged twice for it. 
Conclusion: won't be back to this hotel but will gladly visit Lacroix again.Outstanding staff. After a mixup with my Amex platinum concierge reservation the room was outstanding- a suite with 1 1/2 baths. Perfect for small family group 
The location across from Rittenhouse Square is wonderful with many great places to eat - fine and pedestrian- nearby. It's pricey but you know that when you book. 
Great jazz combo in the eveningsI love the location in Philly near all the best restaurants. Service is excellent as is the food in the main dinning room, particularly for brunch. Rooms are spacious and well lighted. Would absolutely be 5 stars except for two things. First, the showers are the size of small phone booths. Stand sideways or you might not get out. Second,  no real fitness center. For what is probably the most expensive hotel in the city, I really think they need to address those two significant negatives. That being said I  keep coming back--location, location location.I really liked this hotel. Perhaps it was the fact that the trees in the park just outside were blooming, and the hotel did nothing to impede my enjoyment of them, but I was really glad I chose this one over the Ritz-Carlton, where I have usually stayed. 
Clear, large room, friendly service, perfect location. I have nothing critical to say.Very impressed by their customer service. Manager made a point of contacting me directly regarding any minor issues and resolving them. Much more personal level of client service than I would have expected from a larger chain.
Location is great, as are meeting facilities. Will plan to stay again.The Hotel is nice with nice spa and restaurants but the valet service is so ridiculously rude with horrible service. We were first to pay and request the valet after our brunch. However, our car never came we asked multiple times regarding our car.. They just kept saying it will be here. 
After 45 min that was the last straw and I went to the cashier to again request a status and told them this is the last time I am asking please get us our car. We were the only ones still waiting on our car after 45 mins. I am 8 months pregnant and have being standing and waiting for 45 min. It was by the far the worst experience I ever encountered. And the worst not one person apologized.
I would probably never come back because of this. I would give this review no stars if I could.What a beautiful hotel! I was fortunate enough to stay briefly in a lovely suite overlooking Rittenhouse Square. Our suite had two separate rooms and yes, two bathrooms (well one was a half bath). The suite was appointed with lots of soild wood furniture and was tastefully decorated in a traditional upscale manner. The bed was very comfortable and the hotel provides terrycloth robes, bedroom slippers, and an unmbrella if you are unfortunate enough to need it. 
The service at the hotel is excellent and we enjoyed chocolate covered strawberries and lemony sugar cookies at check-in. Our housekeeper, Susanna (I think?) also did a great job cleaning our room and turning down our bed at night. When we needed our car at the end of our trip, it was ready and waiting for us by the time we made it to the lobby.
The location and service at the Rittenhouse is fabulous. Would I stay here again? Absolutely!Where do I start?  This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at.  In fact, I think it's my favorite hotel of all time.  I went once with my girlfriend.  We were treated like royalty.  We had such an amazing experience we went back again on a trip with my parents.  They loved it too.
Their rooms are large and have a charming classic American style.  Both times, we had a room viewing the park, which was beautiful in the morning when we were enjoying breakfast in our room (their room service is prompt and delicious).
The service in this hotel is impeccable.  From arrival to departure you feel so comfortable and welcomed.  Upon arrival we were given a voucher for a couple glasses of champagne at the library bar, which was such a nice gesture.  Right when we got to our room, we were greeted by a staff member with complimentary nuts and fiji water.  As you can see, the pampering continued.
We tried the afternoon tea, which was one of the best I have ever had.  The service at the tea room and the set up was flawless.
At checkout, they had a tray full of chocolate covered strawberries and fresh baked cookies.  It made it hard to leave!  When we were ready to leave, the door man arranged the hotel car (a beautiful jaguar) to take us to the train station.  
Thank you to everyone at the Rittenhouse for making both our stays so memorable.  You are the premiere hotel in Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love.  We will be back!This is a beautiful hotel with great service. I came here last weekend for a wedding and each employee was nicer than necessary and willing to help. The rooms are furnished in a classic and classy style.This is the swankiest place I think in all of Philadelphia.  This hotel is seriously decadent.  It's got a HUGE parlor downstairs with lots of nice furniture, a Steinway, and a garden with a fountain out back.  The staff is impeccably helpful and polite.  The rooms are sumptuous and pricey.  They also rent out space for weddings and stuff.  I certainly can't afford this place, but if you have the money and are from out of town, definitely stay here.Great location. The manager, Mr. Markowitz, was not very hospitable.  We will not be coming back here.  The Ritz Carlton is our first choice for luxury and serviceWe stayed here just before Christmas this year and had a great time!  Rittenhouse Square park is lit up with balls in the trees, what a view at night.  The complimentary hot chocolate and peppermint sticks were such a warm and welcoming way to come in from the cold.  
I especially like how kid friendly they were!  The bathroom was decorated in sponge letters for each of my children's names and they even had kids robes and slippers and a bedtime story book about Philadelphia.  
Front house staff very friendly and professional.  I can't wait for an excuse to return.After returning home from a one night getaway in this hotel (to visit the fantastic Van Gogh Up Close exhibition in the Art Museum) I am now reevaluating hotel rates in general - what is it exactly we are paying for when we are booking hotel accommodations: the room/suite itself, the service, the location, the view? 
How do I rate the hotel in general if all the listed factors vary greatly from each other? 
We have had a similar experience before, also in Philadelphia. The Palomar (a Kimpton hotel) had a fantastic spa room I greatly enjoyed, but the service was not up to par.
Here, in the Rittenhouse Hotel, it was the other way around: the staff was indeed superb and flawless in every way (every single one we met), but the rooms were not quite meeting our expectations. 
The 2nd room was adequate (after we moved from the first which had not been to our liking), but we have had bigger and better rooms (and suites!) elsewhere for HALF the rate we paid for a "deluxe room" at The Rittenhouse. 
So is the prime location worth the prime rate? Or the view onto neighbouring buildings and the park? Or does the outstanding service justify the outrageous rate?
The deluxe room 912, while kept up over 20 years, seemed outdated. The furniture had chips and nicks, and the curtain even had a burn hole from a cigarette! (Since when is this property a Non Smoking property? For how long has this hole been there already?) 
While this was not disturbing us, the very high price was simply not matching the room's condition. It was absolutely clean, but it seemed strangely outdated. The style was very pleasant, and I would keep that (so this is not about fashion!), but when things get damaged or worn, they should be replaced. Especially at a rate like The Rittenhouse's!
If we had paid around $200-250 for this room, I would have been absolutely happy and would have simply ignored the chips, nicks and the burn hole. But with over $500 per night (incl. museum tickets, valet parking, breakfast for 2, taxes and fees we paid $517) you are really getting onto another level here, and I am afraid that their rooms are not worth that price.
Now that the Hersha Group (owner of properties like Hampton Inn, Residence Inn, Courtyard by Marriott, Holiday Inn etc) recently bought The Rittenhouse Hotel (March 2012), maybe they will take some steps to refresh the rooms. 
I had serious doubts that our first (small looking) room really had the advertised 600 sqft, in fact I suspected that a mistake had been made and we had mistakenly been put into a "superior room" (their term for standard room). 
The front desk reassured me that our room indeed was a "deluxe" room (one step above "superior") and that it really had the advertised 600 sqft, only the layout was different from room to room, and therefore it looked different than the picture online. 
But without me asking they were looking for another room right away, found one, and a servant led me there to evaluate it. 
On the way to the new room he asked me whether I had seen the large bath room, and he mentioned that its huge space is counting to the room's square feet measurement. I had seen the bath in the first room we were put in and had to tell him that they were actually not big at all, and that I was actually a bathroom nut who chooses hotels by their bathrooms, and that I am usually staying in hotels who offer spa bath rooms. And those spa bath rooms were really not comparable with the Rittenhouse bath rooms. He was a bit silent after that and then we changed the subject. 
I found their bathrooms really kind of ordinary. Separate shower stalls are standard today, and the low tub was not comparable to anything other hotels would offer nowadays (google "Fuji tub" to see what is out there in other hotels). It even lost its water while I was still sitting in it (seal was not tight). 
But we greatly enjoyed the 2 corner windows we had in deluxe room 912, which was actually laid out pretty well with its furniture, and it felt indeed spacious. 
The vanity section between the room and the bath was also designed well. Make up mirror and big dressing mirror were helpful, and the free Fiji water and the fresh nuts were a nice greeting, along with a welcome card from the management.
Another plus was the free Internet (wired and wireless), the turn down service with robes and slippers and LaCroix chocolates, and the generously sized tubes of Aromatherapy toiletteries. They also offered complimentary shoe shining over night.
II actually would like to return to this property, if they'd offer a good deal. You know, if they had a loyalty program which would offer perks and exclusive offers to members only. 
Oh, I forgot - they do have that already - but unfortunately it costs $150 yearly to join the "Access Level" and even $1200 yearly for the "Leaders Club Unlimited Level"... (Seriously!) 
So where will I stay next time in Philly?We checked in today for 4 nights with our 2 year old son, and it's been nothing but fantastic start so far! Personalized toy, milk & cookies for my son upon our arrival.I love the location of this hotel right next to the park. It's in the heart of an outdoor shopping district and restaurants which is nice as well.
The service here is nice, but our front desk clerk seemed a tad haughty.  Probably because we didn't fit in with most of the older, more snooty looking clientele here.
Our suite had a nice view of the city and the bed was very comfortable. Overall the room was nice but everything looked a little worn for such an expensive place.  Sofa bed was very comfortable and toiletries were high end.
The lady who came to turn down our bed was such a sweetheart. She gave my kids extra chocolate and water.  Also, even though the front desk came off a little cool, they gave my kids a free movie for the night and snacks.  
I would definitely stay here again.This is our 6th year visiting The Rittenhouse Hotel. We try to stay here at least twice a year. The hotel is what I would consider to be 5 Star in the most perfect location in Philadelphia. Once you get here there is no reason to get back into the car unless you have to leave the City. There are many room configurations, they are all unique and spacious. For us this has become our home in Philadelphia, they do have a condo as well so one day we may even be able to have a place here. 
We love the new gym, The staff is exceptionally well trained, friendly and professional. The Management is first class.  There is nothing you could every want that they wouldn't do for you. There was a point in our travel history that we stayed at many of the other name hotels in Philadelphia and there is just no comparison to The Rittenhouse so we stopped doing that and we only stay here. You should do the same. 
Rachel & Carl
Fort Lauderdale - PhiladelphiaCustomer service isn't their strong suit. My husband wanted to throw me a birthday party at this place and he wrote them several letters. They never responded.
The last time we stayed at this hotel was the last time. (Sometimes it takes you awhile to learn when your money is not wanted.) We were JOLTED out of bed in the middle of the night by the emergency alarm which forced everyone to evacuate. Just as we were getting ready to head outside, we were informed that it was a false alarm. Only later did we learn that the Miami Heat were in the house and one of the wives pulled the fire alarm. For a joke? In a drunken stupor? Who knows. All I do know is that when I mentioned this at checkout we were barely given an apology, but this seems to be business as usual at this establishment. We ate at their restaurant, LeCroix, and found a hair in the food and they acted as if we were the jerks for mentioning it. 
Save your money and go to a place that values your patronage. This place overcharges and acts as if you should be worshipful for the privilege.Whenever my wife and I go out to dinner with the grandkids in Philadelphia, we always enjoy a drink or two (my wife has more than two generally).  However, we don't want to risk the safety of the little ones by driving back to the burbs, so we have a condo at The Rittenhouse in downtown Philadelphia.   It's absolutely great!
The doorman, Joe, is very nice and knows all of my grandkids and my dogs by name! So awesome!   Our condominium has two bedrooms and a great view of the park. It's the closest I can get to taking a nice walk in Rittenhouse Square with my wife unless, of course, we are shopping. 
They also have chocolate covered strawberries and cookies available in the lobby on weekends.   Quite delightful.  Even if we aren't staying in the condo, my wife will still stop in for those goodies.   She loves them!  She and the grandkids once ate the entire plate, which I didn't think was very appropriate. Luckily, Kencey and Will, who work at the front desk, just laughed it off!
Sometimes, my wife and I will go to the hotel for coffee, tea and biscuits! So great!   Our good friend, Martin, usually stops by on the weekends, but the front desk knows him and just let's him up.  Skip, the front desk man is also great! 
The guys working the lobby always take my dogs out for walks because we sometimes bring them to Parc for dinner (only when we eat outside, of course - this isn't Paris). 
They also offer room service to the condominiums so my wife orders it often for breakfast and dinner when we are staying over. On Sundays, she goes to Le Croix for brunch. She loves their mimosas. 
Great condominium. My wife and I will be staying here tonight after our dinner at Buddakan with our grandson, Lou, and his friend, Gloria.I attended a newly wed brunch here after the wedding. The service, food ambiance, everything was absolutely exquisite.This is a beautiful hotel! The rooms are great. Service was perfect. One of the nicest rooms we stayed at.Excellent service, great location, and spacious rooms await you at the Rittenhouse.  The French restaurant, La Croix, on the second floor was fabulous with a great view of Rittenhouse Square.ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL HOTEL!!! The customer service was so amazing we felt like celebrities. Our suite was so so so spacious and had more bathrooms and bedrooms than any apartment I have ever lived in. I  just wanted to stay!!! The neighborhood is very nice right across the street from a park and next door to a church so very family friendly. Thank you so much for a great stay Rittenhouse Hotel.Second stay in a few weeks at the Rittenhouse Hotel.  The staff is top notch, very friendly and welcoming.  Our rooms, on both stays, were five star.  Rooms are roomy, bathrooms have a shower and a full bathtub, which is rare when in the city.  
Beds are extremely comfortable. Love the spa smell streamed thru the halls (nice touch). This hotel just does it right.  Oh and the location is perfect for reaching all the tourist attractions & restaurants for that non-tourist (locals) feel.My new husband and I stayed here for the first few days of our honeymoon - what a glorious and luxurious way to start our married life!  It was the perfect place to rest and celebrate after we were married on Rittenhouse Square.  My mother-in-law gifted us a few nights at the hotel since we were having our wedding reception at the delicious La Croix restaurant. When the hotel manager found out it was our honeymoon, they upgraded us to the most beautiful suite looking over Rittenhouse Square. Everything about the experience - the celebratory champagne from the manager, the luxury bed and bedding, the lavish marble bathroom, the attentiveness of the staff - all made it an experience we will remember fondly for the rest of our lives!
If you want a memorable and luxurious stay in Philadelphia, book your stay at The Rittenhouse Hotel.ugh!! stayed her 21 years ago and loved it.  they have not changed one thing since then! yuck! the decor is so stodgy and it smells like a great grandmother's apartment.  so disappointed.  with so many choice in center city, we are so disappointed.  the bed is saggy and the bathroom is so old.  the scale in the bathroom must have been there since the hotel opened in the 80's.  do not stay here.The wallpaper was peeling, there were nicks in the sink, the carpet was dirty.  Location is good, but, this hotel is very overrated.Gorgeous newly renovated hotel in a Great Location! We were even upgraded to a suite on checking in. However one of the AC units in a bedroom did not want to despite repair attempt. Beds super luxurious with nice linens but bathrooms a bit on the small side. Best plus was one of my favorite product lines Aqua di Parma. Nice perk, few kinks to work out...but competition from the Fitler Club hotel that is about to open.I've never stayed in this hotel, but have enjoyed the bathrooms immensely. Although I feel a little nervous going in, no one has bothered me.
Nice bathrooms.Elegant hotel with lovely staff and service. Great location on Rittenhouse Square. I feel very well cared for after the exhaustion of travelMy partner and I recently stayed here for the first time to kick off a long weekend celebrating our anniversary. Situated on Rittenhouse Sq in Center City, the location can't be beat. It's in a terrific neighborhood, close to our favorite restaurants, cafes, and museums in Philly. We booked a room on an upper floor that offered park/square views and it was great. The room, decorated in a more traditional decorum, was very large and included a full-size couch in a separate sitting area, king-size bed, adequately-sized desk, powder room area, and a huge bathroom! (We live in a 700-sq ft 1-BR condo in downtown DC and I was joking that the shower alone is bigger than our apartment.) Major plus for us: there was an Illy coffee and espresso maker in the room. The staff was attentive, professional, and very accommodating. We didn't get a chance to relax in the lounge or bar area just off of the lobby, but would have if we had more time. 
I have no complaints about this property, but I will say I probably wouldn't stay here again. We're in our 30s, and while we're certainly not kids by any stretch, the overwhelming majority of the people in the hotel seemed to be *much* older than us (by at least 30-40 years). Not a bad thing at all, we just prefer a more diverse and mixed age crowd. I felt like we were staying at our grandfather's hotel--very nice, reliable, with a lot of navy blazers and khaki pants and a smell of strong aftershave.