I've heard about the Halal Guys, but never knew it was an actual restaurant aside from NYC food truck. The menu doesn't really have a ton of options, but the staff at this location was very helpful. I got the platter with falafel and white sauce. The white sauce was good, but not as "wowing" as I had expected with all the hype. The falafel was just good as well, nothing really bad about it, nothing really superb about it either. I would've liked to have more pita though, but it was my first time and I also didn't ask, so that's probably my fault. The rice could've used a bit more flavor, again everything was just okay. 
Great place for a quick lunch break meal that won't break the bank.I got the chicken and beef combos. Lettuce and tomato side was fresh, chicken was good, beef was a little  dry but the rice was not good at all. Dry, tasted like day old rice, that had been sitting too old. And not enough white sauce. Very limited menu. No lamb. Will go to a street vendor instead.Having been to the original in NYC at all hours of the night, I can say that this is not the same exact product.  There's just something missing from the brick and mortal stores that can't be replicated; it's probably the cart grill that's never turned off and has the flavor of literal tons of meat having been cooked on it.  The stores though, have found a formula for creating a close approximation that can be delivered consistently.  The combo is essentially the same, wherever you go.  Chicken, beef, rice, salad.  The sauces to boot.  It's a win win and a solid 8 for quick eats.  While some may find it blasphemy to laud these outlets of halal guys rice platters, I welcome the fact that they're bringing my hometown late night go-to, to the masses and making it accessible in so many places.I had been wanting to try the original Halal Guys in NYC for years. I've never made it up there so when I found out that there was a location opening in Philadelphia's Chinatown, I was super excited.
As previously stated, I have never had the original but I feel that the franchises aren't as good, as people rave about the NYC cart and complain about the franchises.
My wife and I visited on a Saturday and received an amazing warm welcome from a gentleman who appeared to be a manager. He had an awesome personality and could not get warmer than that.
I ordered a combo (chicken and beef) over salad with 2 falafels, while my wife ordered chicken over rice. I specifically said no rice, only salad. Of course, I received rice. This is not a big deal as I just ate around the rice. The meal was very good and flavorful. My only complaint (besides receiving rice) was that the beef seemed to be burnt and it was in tiny little bits. I am not sure how the original location in NYC serves the beef, but this seemed overcooked.
I would definitely return again and I hope they keep that amazing gentleman around to run their store!I like this place. The food is always fresh. employees although brand new have been trained to be friendly.  There Menu is very Basic. Gyros, Falafel. Platters with Beef or Chicken. Their Fries are great, especially when you mix their white sauce and barbecue sauce together( it was their suggestion) 
I only wish they had traditional Lamb.
More White sauce Please !The Halal guys(Philly Burbs)
People with food allergies and hate to be treated poorly, beware!!! I tried the Halal Guys on grant ave for the first time yesterday. I asked if they had any gluten free items and I was beyond excited when they told me ALL of their food was made fresh and gluten free. So i ordered the bowl. I asked again if the pita was gluten free , that i had a allergy and it was important and the man said yes its gluten free. Needless to say im soooo sick today in my stomach. I tried calling the store to see about the food again with no answer. So i drove over. It was a different man today and they are semi new so out of courtesy i waited for the customers to order and leave. When i asked about the pita the guy said it has gluten and pulled out(not fresh) pre made bagged pitas. I told him what happened and he offered no apology and in fact stated i should know my own allergies. I was highly insulted. I asked for a manager he said he was. I asked for his name he refused to give it me which i thought was nuts! Employees when asked about allergy should know the facts. You Could really hurt someone.
I left and will not be going back, cause i ain't no Halal back girl...lolI was excited to hear that a Halal guys was opening up close to home. Now I didn't have to wait to go to 53rd and 6th in NY.  However, the service  was awful, the employees were not polite and  were just talking to each other while I was trying to order. I had asked for extra white sauce and red sauce. Clearly they weren't paying attention because after I left I realized they didn't even put any sauce at all. When I went back the employee had an attitude when I asked for the white sauce/red sauce. I will not be going back here, 53rd and 6th it is!Me and my husband went in today after seeing the reviews and there food is great the combo platter a must try and the customer service was great got a free rewards card and my husband even ask about catering for a party we will be back . try this placeThis was the first time ordering from here and I think it will be the last time. I'm sorry but I really didn't think tonight was all that great. First of all the hot sauce was pretty hot, it was hot enough to make the meal unenjoyable. This location was out of onions, how do you run out of onions? I really was excited to try this place, but it really fell short. To me it just seems like another chain that doesn't care about the customer. I added extra baba ganoush to both platters and all I got was a tbsp and a half of baba and they gave my wife hummus? I'm sorry, but there a few more places around more authentic for a cheaper price and better quality food. Sorry, but I won't try againI ordered a small beef platter and fries from this location through GrubHub. When the order arrived the Famous Hot Sauce and White Sauce were missing. I was obviously annoyed since the sauces are the only reason I eat at Halal Guys. I called this location and the manager Rob was so thoughtful and helpful! He gave me a free regular combo platter and a fountain drink for the next time I come AND he was able to get extra hot and white sauce delivered to me within 10-15 mins. I was speechless that they went through so much to get my order right! Halal Guys isn't Halal Guys without the sauce! This location did the most for me and I highly appreciate it!Wow! Street meat (my guilty pleasure) in a fast casual restaurant setting. I ordered the small gyro platter and got a lot of food! The bowl case jammed packed with rice, gyro meat, lettuce and onion. I got it topped off with white sauce and the hot sauce (beware: the hot sauce is VERY SPICY). The food is hot temperature wise as well. 
Overall, very tasty and delicious and a generous portion! I'm pleased! The restaurant is kept clean, and the employees are pleasant. The employee who rang me up offered me the membership card (free!) and explained what I get with it without asking him- good sales guy. I will be back when I'm in this area!Gone are the days of only getting chicken and rice in NYC. The real deal is in NE Philly!My area has been on a roll lately with all the new places opening up around me.
I have heard of the Halal guys carts when they originated in NY and was a bit excited to hear one opened real close by. 
Being not a super adventurous eater when it comes to other cuisines, I 
figured beef, chicken and the veggie accoutrements couldn't be bad.
Nice hefty platter and looked super fresh, the meats were cooked perfect.The white jizz like sauce was real tasty. I surprised myself and enjoyed it.
Next time I will see if a option to add more meat, cause more meat is always a great topping for meat. 
I will for sure give it a another go round soon.Walked out worst service could not understand what the girl was trying to explain to me about their menu.  When I said what I was going to order she sGreat food! Great service just like the carts back home in NYC! Thanks for brining the Halal Guys to the Northeast.They aren't even open yet, but set up a sample table in the LA fitness to give members a little sneak peak of what's to come. 
OH MY GOD. So flavorful!! I can no wait until they're open. It's going to be hard not to grab a bite every single time I leave the gym. The hot sauce adds such a nice flavor and the white sauce compliments the heat, cooling it down a little while adding additional flavors. 
Halal Guys, you have my attention and I can't wait to be a regular at your establishment! Also, I'm very proud to be your first yelp review! :)What a great experience. Great food and great service. Very similar to the New York experience.The Halal Guys is by far my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.  The food is excellent!  Their gyro is second to none in my opinion.  They also have a really friendly staff that always has a smile on their face.  The restaurant itself was spotless.  They also have great prices.  I would highly recommend The Halal Guys to anyone in the city looking for a fresh meal.Visited this location today for the first time since the grand opening. I was excited for it but I was so disappointed. The employees were friendly but none of them had a smile on their face which isn't welcoming to the customers especially new customers given it's only been open for a few weeks now. I ordered two chicken sandwiches . The bread was cold could have been a little warmer it was room temperature and the chicken tbh it looked really nasty and like it's been sitting out for a while. The way they had their ingredients were displayed through the glass looked very sloppy and unappetizing. The sandwich it self was really bland I ended up taking the chicken out. The fries we ordered were average nothing special it was the only thing that was somewhat appetizing. Sad to say that I won't be giving this franchise a second choice. I rather take my business next door to the muscle maker grill where the food actually has taste.Saw Halal guys open up in the neighborhood so I had to go eat there. 9.15 for platter with chicken over rice. Half side filled with lettuce. It was just terrible, quarter way thru I was out of chicken. I've been going to halal guys for over a decade. Taste is about 50% there. Don't cheap out on chicken guys. 9:15 is a lot of money. $6 carts are giving way more, some even taste better, and a free soda. Having travelled to NY 100's of time just to eat chicken over rice, I don't think I will travel 1.5 miles to this location again.Huge fan of this place. I got the combo- chicken & gyro platter. It was hot and fresh. So tasty! I'm already craving it. The ladies behind the counter were very friendly and helped me with my order. They warned me about the red sauce so I stayed away. The white sauce is a must. I also added some olives and peppers to the platter. Delicious!I came back to the Halal guys yesterday after getting my nails done, and this time opted for a side of Falafel and a side of Hummus. You can get 2 falafel for $1.00 and the Hummus (and pita) for $2.99 I think it was. The side of hummus could feed an entire family of four during movie night that's for darn sure, there was so much squished into the container I had to take it home! The Manager (I believe) was so nice and so helpful, I was so impressed. I liked the place before, but kindness goes a long way. Updated my review from 4 to 5 stars. I'll be back soon!Everyone here is so nice and the falafel is wonderful ! I'm thrilled they are in the northeast .Extremely nice employees went out of their way to explain the menu as it was our first time! The food was generous portions and tasted great!This place was awful, they never have fresh rice. The girl who works there literally scoops the rice and meat as if she's serving for a baby, ADD MORE RICE AND MEAT LADY! Don't work at a good location if you have an attitude or don't know customer service. Food was good don't get me wrong, but it all starts with the server. They need new staff, and need to do something different with the store because it's always boring when you walk inI was so happy to find out there was a Halal Guys coming to Northeast Philly. They're definitely of of my favorite fast casual restaurants.
The far and away winner is their beef, which is nicely seasoned and a pleasant consistency. The chicken and falafel are not bad either. The only thing that's a bit 'meh' is their pita, which feels like an after thought (I'm referring to the pita in the platters). However that's not a big complaint and I'll happily eat one of their platters any day.
Get it with extra white sauce, and if you're adventurous try a bit of hot sauce thrown in there. When you compare it to the other options in the same shopping center, it's clearly the best quality choice.I am so happy this place opened in the Northeast. Normally we don't get the cool places up here. I had been recently introduced to Halal food and now I'm addicted. When we are having a tough time deciding what to eat for lunch or dinner, this has very quickly become our go to place.Absolutely delicious!  The came to our fooda event at our Interplex and our entire office ordered platters and everyone had only compliments to each dish. The hot sauce was described as "insanely hot" and it was so spicy but had amazing flavor! I can't wait to try the other items on the menu!!Long time consumer of halal guys... over the months though they have been giving less and less food in the regular platters and the taste has been suffering as well. The beef isn't as crispy and flavorful. The temperature of the food was also on the colder side. We are going to drive down to the Chinatown location (despite living near grant) due to the better tasting meat there. Also, their rewards scanner is broken which meant I lost points for 4 platters I bought!First time here since they opened up in the Northeast, their menu was very minimal and I was disappointed that the only options they had for meats were beef and chicken... no lamb! I ordered a regular platter w/ beef & falafel. I also thought that the platters were a little pricey at around nine dollars (soda is extra) when you can go to the carts or even an authentic Middle Eastern spot in the city for less money. The food tasted ok, more spicy than anything else; especially the falafel also, Didn't like the rice; it was bland & chewy. Pitas weren't authentic; saw them come out of a plastic bag and served cold. One good thing; the workers were very friendly, place was clean!It was ok but it was kinda cold and they forgot to include my sauce in my delivery. It was a little disappointing.The menu is not large and food is very basic. So you would expect a quick service. Yet they were out of rice on a Friday at 8pm.  They asked us to wait 20 mins for the rice or take sandwich instead. Been to this place few times and it's always been empty. This location is just not right and without customers, their food just sits in the containers. It's never warm or fresh. I rather wait in the line for few mins and enjoy hot meat fresh off the grill at other locations.Driving through Town.  Staying with an AirBnB locally.  I saw this Halal place being promoted on Yelp.  Gave it a try.  It's like a Halal Chipotle basically.   It's very clean and tidy (including the restrooms).  The food was satisfying and well seasoned.   The workers were cheerful and took pride in their job.   It's nice to see that.   They even came around to us while we're seated to ask if everything was good.   Nice hospitality!   It also has a Five Guys type of vibe.   Fairly low customer traffic.  I ate there on a Saturday around 5pm.  Had the restaurant almost to myself.   I brought along my laptop to do some work.  There were tables and a few outlets available so it worked out for me. 
They stay open really late. Like about till 11pm.   
They're located in a strip mall nestled among several other strip malls.  
They offer a rewards program with a swipe card that accumulates points that can be redeemed for drinks or food.   
That's it for me.  I just needed a quick bite and to work on my laptop and I didn't want to go to Starbucks for obvious reasons considering the Starbucks racism happening nowadays.I work in the same strip mall as The Halal Guys and I absolutely love this location. The staff is so friendly and welcoming, the food is always hot and fresh, and I'm never ever disappointed. I get this for dinner at least 2 times a week because I'm obsessed with the food. 10/10 would recommend!I was excited to see a location open a little closer to my house as I usually travel to Center City to get Halal Guys. 
I really enjoyed the food from here and would definitely get it again. The chicken was flavorful but the beef seemed a little overcooked and in crumbles. The white sauce is amazing as usually. The portion size and value is good, as well. I had the combo chicken, beef, and rice platter and it was more than enough for one meal. I had leftovers.
Service was great and very welcoming.Had lunch here today and loved it. I was so glad the staff recommended the white sauce and putting the hot sauce on the side. The hot sauce is really spicy so be careful. The meat was cooked perfectly and the portion size was more than fair. I wish there was one closer to me!I seriously love this place I go probably 2-4 times a week. And every time I go it's a great experienceThe food does not compare to their carts in New York. The food is decent with good portion sizes. I got the combo platter with beef and chicken. The chicken was good but the beef was dry and tasted like a overcooked meatball. Next time I will just stick to the chicken platter.Sneaky good place. Very tasty beef gyros, platters and the baba ghanouj is terrific. They will let you sample sauce combinations and side menu items if you're unfamiliar. Fresh baked cookies and baklava  for dessert. It was excellent food and tremendous value. The service was top-notch. I highly recommend. If we still lived in the area, my wife and I would eat here very frequently.Impressed with how much I like this type of food now. I went in with my sister and her boyfriend to grab a quick lunch after we went to the gym. The staff was so friendly and quickly greeted us at the door. They told us of any specials and made recommendations since it was our first time there. I ended up getting a chicken gyro, and it was so filled with meat, it came with a side of rice and I ordered hummus and pita for a side- not knowing the pita and hummus would be huge. Way too much for me- so I shared it with my friends. 
The gyro was soft and warm and everything tasted so good. I was impressed with how clean this place was, how friendly the staff was and the manager even told us about special nights where they have a DJ- which is pretty cool- since I thought it was a fast food type chain restaurant.
The manager/owner was very friendly and welcoming and invited us back again for when they were going to have the special events. 
I have yet to go back, but would soon if I have a taste for another gyro- I know where to go.The quality has gone down. The last time I went the beef was burnt and the chicken looked like it had been out for days. Management is just terrible.I was craving for halal so my cousin and I went here. Customer service was not that great. I had to wait 15 minutes just for a packet of white sauce. I'm giving 3 stars because their food is okay.So angry.  Ordered this off of Grubhub, ordered an extra white sauce.  Not only did I not get extra white sauce, I didn't get ANY SAUCES!  Every platter comes with one hot and one white.  How the hell am I supposed to eat this?!?!  Also there was barely any meat and I got a combo of chicken and beef.  Highly highly disappointed.  Might not come here ever againHalal Guys sucks. It sucks in NY and it sucks here. Yes, they did have a great thing going on with the street carts back in 2009. But today's iteration of Halal Guys is just a shadow of what used to be. 
I'm old enough to remember that Halal Guys chicken would be fresh cooked on the grill right in front of you. It would be crispy, a little charred, juicy, and flavorful. It was so good! The line was literally around the corner any time I'd show up. Even at midnight or later, they were totally rocking it. Here, you're getting a pile of lightly cooked and weakly seasoned chicken that sits in a steam tray for 3 hours. Steamed chicken? Really? NOBODY WANTS STEAMED CHICKEN! 
The rest of the platter? Well, the accompanying salad (aka iceberg lettuce and chopped tomato) is a joke. Anyone who's had a Lebanese or Middle Eastern salad knows its a flavorful mix of vegetables, olives, oil, herbs and spices. The Halal Guys salad belongs in an old age home dining room. The rice was bright orange, flavorless and cold. There was nothing at all redeeming at all about this meal. Nothing. What an embarrassment. 
Eater's beware! Don't waste your time or money.I love The Halal Guys, and this location was on point with all the others. I did stand in line for a long time and they appeared to be backed up, but they were apologetic. 
This venue also had more seating than some of the others I've been to. I also noticed that they didn't keep a "sauce fridge" like they do at the locations back home, so you have to get that part taken care of at the counter.
You could tell the big guy in the blue shirt (manager?) was genuinely a good dude and he really kept the vibes positive in there.
The veggies were fresh like all the others and the meat was flavorful. Of course the white and red sauces still exist, and for that reason alone the bowls are great.
I come up to North Philly about three times a year, and I'm sure this is not the last time I will visit this location. Highly recommended.This is probably my most favorite place to get Halal food. The staff is so wonderful every time I go in. The staff always goes the extra mile. The food is always fresh and they are always making chicken on the grill. I've never had a bad experience here it's always been a pleasant one. By far one of my favorite places in Northeast Philadelphia. I will always go out of my way to come here.Food is good at the beginning when first opened, then it went crashing down food was cold, prices went up and the restaurant is filthy. They are charging extra for toppings had to charge $20 for a platter mine as well.The food is good, however the staff had their masks on their chins. Also none were wearing hair covers. I called to place my order they said to come in because they were to busy to take orders. That is against the COVID19 PA rules. I won't be back because I didn't feel safe.Their quality and portion sizes are decreasing, plus I just got food poisoning from my most recent experience. My stomach was not happy with the platter that I ordered from this location.
I've been here before, and everything was up to par then. I'm not sure what's happened to them. The server was great, which is why they get one star, but making me sick and heave my lunch is unacceptable.We ordered three platters through GrubHub. Our order was delivered without pita on one of the platters. When I called to ask about it, I was told that next time I come in, I could get a free fry. I said that I didn't think it was fair that I didn't get a complete order that I had already paid for this time. Especially since we paid delivery and a tip. At no point did he offer for the issue to be rectified this time- just kept telling me next time I come in. Not interested in going to a place again that didn't give me a complete order the first time.Good food, very nice service. I will Be Going back.
I was surprised that they were not more crowded.
I work locally and it can be my easy alternative spot.Don't go, it was so bad they over cooked chicken. Matter fact this all places sucks. Wasted my money. Not even close to halal guys feeling. I am so done with halal guys. opening places every where fucked up the real taste Of it. Only go NY all this sucks!Not only is the food delicious, my fave is a regular combo platter with all the toppings, but the manager at the Grant Ave location went out of his way to ensure I got my dinner after my GrubHub delivery driver marked my food as delivered when it hadn't even been picked up.
This kind of thing is what inspires customer loyalty!I had to check out the Halal Guys that opened up near my home. Having been to enough of these franchises, I knew not to go in with high hopes. Maybe it's the turnover, but the Halal Guys cart has really juicy meat and it is perfectly shredded. At the store, you end up with somewhat dryer meat and large chunks of meat. I have not been a fan of this, but this is the case at KOP, Philly Chinatown, East Brunswick and now the NE Philly location.
The ambience and service is both very good. Here you do not get the white sauce at the table, but they are more than happy to come out with the bottle and reload your platter to your taste. The protein (meat) content is better than East Brunswick location.
Overall, check it out once. I am not sure if I will return. It's just not the same as the 53rd Street cart in NYCI went to try the limited edition spicy lamb, which is available until July 21st in select Halal Guys locations. I'm a New York native and a huge fan of Halal Guys - particularly their street cart on 53rd street. When I heard they got rid of lamb off their menu to replace with beef gyro, I was disappointed... I never thought the beef gyro matched up to the lamb and it was always over cooked when I got it, so I now usually go with their chicken only over the combo. When I heard they had a limited edition spicy lamb, I got really excited!
I chose the large/regular platter of spicy lamb. I asked how the feedback has been on it and the gentleman that took my order said that everyone loves it. My first bite of it was... WOW, this is some good lamb! It is nothing like the ground lamb that they used to serve... these are real pieces of lamb with some delicious medium fat and taste to it. The lamb is not spicy at all though. I would come back for the spicy lamb before July 21st and I hope they come back with it again!
A downside to my visit was the price and portion. Generally the store locations are a little more expensive than the carts, but still very reasonable prices. Now they're both expensive. Chicken/beef/combo platters are $8.99 and the spicy lamb cost $10.99 plus tax... And the portion I got only filled HALF of what I would normally receive. The gentleman that took my order was very friendly to me and all customers, but he was NOT friendly with his food portions. I started off with very little lettuce and tomato, so I thought I would get more rice and spicy lamb, but I got smaller portions of those as well. Halal guys(and any other halal cart) have always been known for their delicious food with good portions at a cheap cost, but I received the total opposite. This is the second time at this location that the food portions were small - this time being too noticeable... definitely a turnoff after spending $12.First time here and it was a 10 out of 5 experience. Really good food that was filling and fresh. Super friendly staff and we were greeted right when we walked in. They guided us and pointed ya in the right direction with what to get. I will def be back tomorrow.First time ordering from Halal Guys and I will definitely order from here again. Chicken combo bowl was very good and the Baba ganoush had so much flavor.Awful awful place they said everything was fresh but when we ate it the texture the taste the food was old and chewy and chalky.the rice undercooked and hard.the meat overcooked soft.desert like biting into concrete. All of it was extremely old even though they said it was fresh.Food is good but I don't know if they're just cheap or dumb. Or even both, smh. Not even enough hot sauce to share w/ my brother.Was traveling through the area. Stopped for take out lunch. Very courteous and hospitable staff. Food was good  for a middle eastern take out. Would certainly go to this place in the future if in the area. It is a chain, hence I suspect that food will be good no matter which franchise you go to.Newly opened halal guys in the northeast. 
Very great hospitable employees- one lady was walking around asking how the food was and offering extra white and hot sauce. That's very rare to see at a fast food chain. 
Food was on point :) you can get chicken , gyro or combo platter or bowl. There's also lettuce and tomato and rice. Highly recommend !!!!i was looking through the dictionary and found that the only two words in the entire english labguage that sufficiently deecribe this place: "Absolute," and "Garbage." 
maybe when they first opened they were legit but they def went down hill what a disgrace to ny chicken and rice
eugghh fucking grossThat 1 star should really be negative 5. Yes the food was good, the staff  masks around their chins, didn't wash their hands after being in the seating area. I purchased food the other day and after having to repeat myself 3 times to 3 different people making my 1 order I go to pay, I hand the guy my cash since the credit card machine didn't work  the guy hands me my change, Hmmm...... my bill was $23.07 I give him $25 he hands me back a dollar  I say where is the rest of my change his response "oh we don't have any change" WTF!!!! So just because you don't have any coins you couldn't have asked me for .07 cent????? Instead you decide I'm not worthy of my .93 cents His response was all shoulders ‍ luckily the the manager stepped in.This place is the BOMB!
Robert explained everything to us. His energy is amazing! He recommended the combo platter which my boyfriend got. I got the chicken platter. They also have sandwiches available. We also got a side of falafel (2 pieces), and a side of fries. Everything was AMAZING! My boyfriend normally doesn't like falafel, but he liked it here!
If you are not used to a lot of spice I recommend getting only a little hot sauce (I'm talking a few drips/lines) on your dish. I love spicy things, and it was noticeably hot (and delicious!). The white sauce is also amazing and great for dipping your fries in. Everyone who works there was super nice.
I recommend this place!The gentleman who helped us today was super friendly!  Great service and the food was good. Will definitely be backI used to order from here a lot and have been to the restaurant twice. When I was in there a few days ago, Robert (I think that's who it was), was very respectful, outgoing, and helpful. He was kind to not only the customers but also made sure the delivery drivers that came by were treated well. He gave advice on what to try and made sure every customer enjoyed their meal.Background: I went to Temple, and had an awesome halal food truck where they knew me and they were so great and everything was delicious. I miss it all the time, I honestly hope those guys are doing well and I think about going back just to visit them and get lunch. I'm not crazy, you're crazy and you don't know my truck. Anyway - I was in the area and figured why not get my halal fix in. This is solid halal, it's fine. It's not the best you'll have, so as long as your expectations are realistic, you should enjoy this. I always go chicken over rice with more salad than rice, all the veggies and white/hot sauce. Falafel were pretty good too. Worth a shot.Cold food, poor customer service.
The girl was cleaning the grill with wet hands with soap trying to serve me, I refused to help me to do so. 
We just got surprised with prices risedI actually won a free meal card on their opening day by spinning the wheel and I am hooked. Been here at least 4 times since opening. So fast and convenient. I know i can get in and out in less than 10 minutes on my lunch break.The staff is more than friendly and accommodating. Added bonus: it is not as greasy as the stands.I drove about 7 miles to get here. Why? Well because the food on their Instagram looked sooooo good. It was also football Sunday so I wanted a good lunch to go with the game. I preferred this location because it was easy to park as it is in a strip mall. First impression, well the store was sort of clean. Not the worst but definitely could have been neater. The menu is straight forward. Chicken, falafel or beef? Anyway I got a falafel platter. 
The amount of food you get for the money seems okay. I was sad to find out from General conversation from the folks that work there that much of the things they offer are pre-packaged. The hummus and pita are and I saw the counter person plunk my frozen falafel into the oil. 
The counter person even admitted to me at one point that she had never even tasted hummus before. I found that strange.
As for the quality of food I wasn't impressed. The bright orange rice was scary and the falafel were a let down. Maybe the other location are better. I gave them 2 stars because the people behind the counter were very nice and a the woman working there did ask me if I was a vegetarian so she could give me the right pita.Delicious! Been here a bunch of times never had any issues. Staff always friendly. Great rewards app you get a free platter for your birthday but they give you plenty of time to use it. Combo platter is my go to. Love the sauces. Extra White & Hot. Try the bbq also for a different taste. Fries are tasty.  Highly recommend.I am not someone that craves Halal food often but when I do, I go all out. I went to the new location the other day and I thought the food was really good. The owner was very friendly and made sure my table had a great visit. 
We were served a couple items for dinner. My friends and I split a gyro platter, the falafel platter, a speciali french fry platter, and a chicken sandwich. Everything was delicious and you could tell it was freshly made. It is a great take out place if you're looking for something on the go. Prices were also reasonable for the portion size you get. I split everything with three other people and we all took home some leftovers.I've been to the stand in NYC, and this doesn't compare. The food is decent, however I don't feel like it was worth the hype. I was there a few weeks ago, and service was friendly, but upon taking my food home, realized they forgot to give me sauce on the side for one of the orders. Not a great 1st experience here.If you think all gyros are greasy and bland and you like that, this is the place for you. If you've had great gyros -- the combination of great bread, seasoning, careful slices of meat, fresh vegetables and well-prepared sauce -- this will leave you as disappointed and uncomfortable as I felt at The Halal Guys. Most delivery pizza places in Philly do a better job than this.As someone who would always be down to wait in the freezing NYC cold for some 53rd and 6th chicken and rice, the Philly brick and mortar was a pretty far departure from the quality expected at any hour in Midtown. Even compared to the brick and mortar stores in the Upper West and Union Sq, the meat was tougher, in larger chunks, and drier than expected. Sadly, the dedication to perfecting the chicken and the fervor in which the chicken is continuously chopped, was just not there. Also, not enough rice and too much lettuce (half of the bowl). Thankfully, the white sauce and red sauce have remained steady since the days of tiny plastic containers. Coming from a loyal fan: if this is a franchise, please please please improve quality control.I love halal platters so it's rare that I have one and not like it. But the line moves quickly and my order has never been wrong. The only complaint I could have it that I think their rice isn't flavorful enough. When I go to the halal food carts the rice has so much flavor and that's what I love.I am updating my review because of huge change in service and quality. They have better cook, Better quality of food, they change & clean whole frying area every 3 hrs that people can get fresh food. They give sauce as much as you want, unless you are ordering take home. I would recommend this place, economical, cool people. 
Only downside is seating, possibly due to its location and limited space they have.This is the same place as the NYC for trucks; however, there are some differences that takes it one notch below the NYC carts. The service is impeccable, we really appreciated it. One of the people from our group was a vegetarian, they specially warmed up pita separately for her and brought it out to the table. We went there late at night, so seating wasn't a problem but I can imagine that being an issue during busy times. Finally, the sauces, you can't put them on as you want. You have to tell the prep guy/girl how many lines you want. It doesn't work that way for me unfortunately. :(Went and tried again on Friday and food was fresh. Loved the rice and sauce.Sometimes you have to give places another shot.Just as good as the original NYC carts if not better because the fryers are hot and the grills r fired up ... my falafel platter was deep fried right before me at 2AM... can't get anymore fresh than that with the Halal Guys.... close to Noto and in heart of China Town ...I've eaten here at least three times and they are consistent. The falafel isn't life changing and the pita is store bought but they get the job done. The staff is always friendly and they are open obscenely late. When I leave the gym after 1am and need calories fast, I can trust The Halal Guys to satisfy my late night hunger pains.You know the awesome Arab trucks on 33rd & Market St ? The ones that sell the gyros and platters with the drinks for $5 per order? The ones that have the looooong line? So yes this fast food chain terribly failed at copying those trucks. In service, in food, in everything you would expect if you liked the truck food basically. I went there three days ago with my friend and we ordered two beef gyros, one drink and one fries. We paid around  $20 and we both didn't expect to be so disappointed but we were. The  meat was old and over cooked and crunchy and even the sauce couldn't make it feel better. Fries were just fries. And the drink was just a drink.  I can't complain about them anyways. However, basically eating there we'd basically be over paying for not even fresh and good cooked gyro that you'd get at the truck. For $5 bucks. Literally. Never going back again and I wouldn't advise anybody either.The Halal guys participated at the Philadelphia restaurant festival.  It was one of the longer lines at the event since they were handing out very generously sized portions of fresh made and customized halal bowls.  We had rice with lamb meat, and tzaziki sauce.  The staff was really friendly and the food was great! Well done guys.Not bad, certainty. But I just don't think it actually holds up to some halal food truck places, where they judiciously slather on the sauce, each truck with its own flare. 
This place needs to turn up the passion a bit.This place is very good!!!! I was excited when I first read that there was a Halal Guys here in Philly. I usually went to the one in KOP , now I don't have to travel as far lol the food here is great. The chicken & gyro is always good and the rice is never dry. I absolutely loveeee the white sauce. I usually drown my platter in white sauce  The staff here are extremely nice and kind. When dinning in , they always come and check up on you and ask if you would like anymore sauce making sure you are satisfied with you're food.  I think everyone should give this place a try.For $9 you can beat the large platter.  It's good and filling.  However, I didn't give it 5 stars for the food but rather for the young gentleman who was working the counter today around 4pm.  He was welcoming and very helpful and just plain old nice.  Keep up the great work!Halal Guys arrived in Philly about a year ago and it has since become a staple of Chinatown. Having first tried it 5 years ago in NYC, I take a walk down memory lane every time I order a chicken platter. However, I am extremely thankful that instead of squatting on a lousy and crowded street corner in NYC (you can tell how I feel about Manhattan...), I am now able to enjoy my hot platter inside a very comfortable food court with proper tables and chairs. 
The quality of the food at Halal Guys warrants no further comment. It's excellent, iconic, and just great comfort food! I do love the new additions to the menu such as french fries and hummus. This location in particular offers french fries with platter style (you can add meat, sauce on top of fries) and that's a total game changer. 
What sets this location apart is that they're really active on social media and Instagram in particular. They post almost daily announcements, have giveaways, and reveal new menu items (or limited time items such as wings platters during Super Bowl weekend). As someone who is on Instagram almost every hour, I really appreciate their social media presence because it keeps me in the loop (and the pictures always make me hungry!). 
Another aspect of this location is their customer service. The employees and supervisors are always extremely nice and attentive. 
They also do have a rewards card program. I got mine back when I lived on the UWS in NYC, but I am still able to use my rewards card here in Philly. 
To summarize, Halal Guys is great. Thanks for opening one in Philly!Came here for lunch yesterday and was very happy with my decision. As a longtime fan and halal guys loyalist, I can definitely say the quality and taste of the food matches that of the original trucks in NYC. We received a free sample of falafel on top of the combo platters that we ordered. A typical combo platter includes rice, salad, half gyro, half chicken, and spicy sauce and creamy white sauce. Looking forward to the full launch and glad they are finally up and running after being delayed from the summer. Prices are reasonable for the amount of food you get, they are open late, and delivery is available on Caviar. I would highly recommend this location to halal guys newbies and veterans alike.After having a Combo and a sprite bottle for $12.5 I strongly agree with the famous saying of Shakespeare's " All that glitter is not gold" The Halal guys  the bigger the name the worse it's service. The rice was kind of dry with no taste and the chicken and lamb was just ok. Hot sauce is the only thing which was promising and have some kick in it . Rest is just the waist of time. Poor customer service since I was the only one customer at that time It didn't take them long to give me the food which was already sitting in the steam tray. Overall it's just a below average gyro restaurant but BigName.No stars is my actual review but I was forced to add one to post. Horrible excuse for middle eastern food. Do not come here, unless drunk and lacking any tastebuds and judgement.  No one that works there actually has any idea how to make ethnic food...it's all generic.  To top it off the "world famous " white sauce they have is basically fat or a slow heart attack. Mayonnaise based sauce?!?! What the hell happened to yogurt and cucumbers? This place should close. I'm truly offended and wish I took heed to the other reviews but we were looking for a late night spot with a vegetarian option.  Just awful...I can't believe this place gets traction.This does not taste like the ones you get from the Halal carts in NY. Very bland and little flavor. The place itself is nice and has wall seating. If you're looking for authentic halal guys, go to the one in NY or check out the halal food trucks in the areaCommercialized. Not as good as the halal carts on the street. The meat and rice are so dry and not flavorful. What a huge disappointment. There's a good halal cart on 11th and walnut that I love and it's almost half the price and so much more delicious. Won't be coming back unfortunately.I go here five days a week for lunch. Great place, awesome food, clean, and very friendly staff. My favorite is the cashier that works mornings, she's a sweetheart. You can get a whole meal to fill you up for under $10. There is also seating inside. Overall a great place!!!If I could give zero stars, I would. My fiancé and I always come here as our go to for a quick bite. Tonight was our last time coming here. A few bites into the platter, my fiancé pulled a staple out of his mouth and when I brought it to the staffs attention, the manager wouldn't even confront the situation, he his away in the back and had his employee speak to me. I was offered a new platter but obviously at that point I was not interested. You're better off at a halal cart off the street! Save yourself some money.Great Halal Guys extension from NYC, and even better employees. Watch out for the red sauce, and don't forget the BBQ sauce. Shout out to Yuseff, and Tran for still serving me, despite it being 2 am on a Thursday, aka closing time.This place is amazing! The food has always been fresh and I am never left unsatisfied. It's a huge plus for those who only eat halal meat too!I enjoy the Halal Guys and visit many of their franchises. The one thing I can say is that they are all very consistent.  That also can be said of this location on Race street.  Consistently delicious, I have tried their spicy bbq sauce which has tons of flavor and spice. Also their chicken wings with their halal sauce is very tasty.I am updating my review because of huge change in service and quality. They have better cook, Better quality of food, they change & clean whole frying area every 3 hrs that people can get fresh food. They give sauce as much as you want, unless you are ordering take home. I would recommend this place, economical, cool people. 
Only downside is seating, possibly due to its location and limited space they have. 
They don't allow drinks refill -I have been anxiously awaiting for this place to open! Our trips to NYC usually end up with late night trips to the famous food cart so it is so nice to have this store front so close by! 
They seem to have done a nice job replicating the sauces into manufactured packets. The hot sauce is very hot so taste it before dousing your food. They have the hot sauce, a tahini sauce, and the white creamy sauce. I sort of wish they had a medium hot sauce as well. I got the falafel platter and a drink and my bf got the half and half. All together for both of us was around 20 bucks so not heavily priced. 
I love the seasoned basmati rice here. I think in the future I will get the falafel balls and the rice only. I did think my falafel was just a little under cooked in the middle. (I had to wait for the falafel a few minutes so not sure if they rushed it.) My bf thought his meat was just slightly dry. We both agreed though that it's worth trying again. I see they have delivery which is definitely a good option since Chinatown is a bit of a walk from me. 
In case you need to cool your mouth, there seems to be an ice cream place next door that you can see through a glass wall. Seems to be a nice set u given how limited space is in Chinatown.I have to be honest, I don't get the hype.
I finally tried Halal guys today, they catered to the building I work out and sell their platters out of the lobby downstairs.
The chicken platter with tax costs $9.50, comes with the chicken, 3 pieces of pita, rice, sauce of your choice, tomatoes/ lettuce. Other than the hot sauce which is FIRE by the way ( coming from someone that loves spicy) proceed with caution, their hot sauce is actually hot!! But other than the hot sauce, everything else was really bland.. it's odd. The chicken was not well seasoned, lacked any flavor really.
Based on my sole experience, I wouldn't return again. Not sure if this was a bum visit bc it was catered or not -- but it was really bland and unsatisfyingHalal guys was pretty good, I ordered the regular chicken over rice platter; it tasted great! I usually would just opt out of the salad because they gave way too much salad compared to the rice, I would suggest people to get extra rice instead of salad. The chicken was flavorful and seasoned well. It is a lot of food so come hungry or you can share a platter with two people. The staff that works during the weekends, during the hours when people get out of the clubs are the best! They're very friendly and they don't skimp out on the rice and white sauce!My experience at the halal guys in china town was the best so far thanks to Tran. Her customer service skills is top 2 and it's not 2. Her patience, professionalism and great attitude made my experience enjoyable. Looking forward to visiting next time I'm in town. Julie Ahmad and Christine were also great. Great team effort.It's finally open! (Soft open, that is!) I've been waiting for this location to open since it was first announced some time ago. I stopped in today and got a combo platter which comes with rice, salad, chicken, lamb, and pita, and of course the great sauces. It was delicious and there was so much food! I've been to the original cart in NYC and the quality, flavor, and huge portion is the same (only you don't have to wait in the crazy line like on 53rd street in NY!) I had the falafel also and it was fresh and hot, they had just finished cooking and they came out delicious and dressed with the traditional tahini sauce. Gyros are $6.99, regular platters are $8.99, and small platters are $7.99. They are offering delivery now during their soft opening! 
This location is located in what will be Chinatown Square when it opens, which is going to be a food hall with a variety of restaurants. The entrance of Halal Guys is directly accessible from the street. There is no seating in the restaurant, but there is a bar located along the windows where you can stand and eat. The employees were all very friendly with smiles on. 
This is their soft opening, so things are a little different than they will be when they open officially, but if this is any indication of how thing will be, then it should be great!Last night I ordered a falafel sandwich and hummus with pita around midnight. The falafel was good but nothing to rave about. The hummus on the other hand was awful. It tasted so lemony I couldn't have another bite. I truly don't think it's possible for anyone to enjoy it. This place deserves a 3.5 but I'm just rounding up. For late night craving, it did the job.Very good food! Combo platter is amazing I highly recommend! Manager and workers are very friendly. Be careful of the ledge while eating very narrow. I dropped my platter and they gave me another platter without charging me. Kind and friendly employees.Definitely over priced. Having eaten Halal guys at Manhattan , this place is almost $9 for something that's only $5 , the taste is also not comparable to the original Halal guysLocated in the heart of Chinatown, this Halal Guys is great.  The inside is clean and the food is tasty.
Drowned my combo (gyro+chicken+rice+salad+pita) in extra white sauce with a little red sauce.  My underpants may pay a price later, but I live in the moment.
Wish this place was in business during my years at Penn Law.I am a local college student who has lived off the halal food trucks for the past couple years. I also visited NYC to try out the original Halal Guys. So coming here, I didn't know what to expect. However, the high reviews and long lines at the grand opening surely heightened my expectations.
Pros:
1. The location is in Chinatown. Accessible and around a lot of surrounding places/dessert areas.
2. Tremendous customer service. Quick, friendly, and attentive to give you extra sauce throughout your meal if you're eating there. Everyone is always smiling.
3. Healthier than food truck. You can tell that the meat is better quality, the veggies are fresh cut, and the sauce portions are not as extreme. (But I must say, the sauce is what defines the taste. I always get extra sauce...and then extra extra sauce!)
Cons:
1. The quality is actually just pretty hyped up. The meat tastes a bit dry and they give way too much rice for my liking. The rice doesn't have much taste which ends up making me want to drown it in more sauce. In the end, I'm just eating straight up white sauce and rice. 
2. The seating here is sparse. There's 3 small tables outside which is really underprepared in my opinion. If you know that this is going to be a busy chain in such a populated area, why only have 3 tables? There's a high chance you'll stand eating or stay on-guard for a free table for the entity of your meal. I understand that China Square is still not open entirely and the space is tiny (there may be a chance they want to imitate the grab-n-go mentality of the original food truck), but still. 
3. The price. For a small bowl ($7.99) or a large bowl ($8.99), you get healthy halal, but it just goes back to my con #1. Tiny meat and veggie portions, and just heaps of rice and sauce. It doesn't even come with a drink! So you end up paying $2 more for a fountain soda. 
All in all, I personally prefer food truck halal. It's cheaper (considering the portion size and the drink included). It tastes better because the sauce-meat-veggie-rice portion is balanced out. I find myself drizzling more and more sauce every time I come to his Halal Guys location! The calories! The overkill on rice just ruins it all. Although it's unhealthier because of the grease, it fills me up and I stay under a budget. 
Lastly, I don't know if this is still an issue, but I couldn't order a drink when I tried to order from this location on UberEATS. They said they didn't have bottled drinks, but they could've just given me a fountain in a to-go cup like most places would do.It just wasn't for me.  The food taste like fast food version of Middle Eastern cuisine.  Hey if that's you thing or you need a quick fix then go have at it.  Service was prompt and workers were friendly.  Decent amount of food for price.  They have a customer card program for frequent diners.My girlfriend was really looking forward to this place opening up in Philly because their food trucks in New York were a favorite destination for her. Not only was the chicken and rice in the food trucks delicious, but it was all gluten-free. We expected the same at the restaurant in Philly, but were a little disappointed when we saw that they keep a lot of the pita bread on top of the chicken and cross contamination seems like an issue. We discussed the situation with a staff member and were able to get a combo platter that she felt safe eating. There were no stomach issues following the meal, but the meal lacked the flavor and punch of the food carts. We also went during one of the first couple of weeks that it opened, so maybe they got their act together a little more. Another big downside is the lack of seating in the area. We had high expectations for this and were hoping that this could be a place that we would visit frequently, but we haven't been back since our first time. Maybe they deserve another chance.Great food. Tried chicken & beef gyros, both were good. Very crowded though, not enough sitting arrangement. Food served very quick.The customer service at this joint is wonderful! I ordered a beef platter with white sauce and 3 lines hot sauce. The staff behind the counter warned me about it possibly being too spicy, but being a spicy food lover, I thought it was absolutely delicious! (Could still be too spicy for some people) The guy I was talking to behind the counter was more than accommodating to my needs and definitely wanted my order to my liking. Will be back here the next time I visit Philly!I have heard so many good things about Halal Guys so I had to check it out! It is a small place so you have to make sure that you don't miss it. When you walk in, you see the workers making your food. They do not have a pretty big menu which is great so you won't feel overwhelmed. 
I highly recommend going there hungry because they give you a lot of food! I ordered a size small and it was pretty big. I ordered chicken, with rice, lettuce, and tomato with their white sauce. They have a red sauce which is extremely spicy so if you do not like spicy things then do not order it. They also have a barbecue sauce that is pretty good.
After you get your food, you have to mix it up! When I took my first bite, I was in heaven. Everything paired nicely together and everything tasted fresh! You can really tell that they put a lot of work into their food because it shows. The picture will not do it justice on how amazing it was. If you have not been here yet, you better get here soon!If I could give a 2.5 I would. I had the biggest hopes for this place because I have had it in New York. Being that it was new and in quite a trendy location in Chinatown I was excited. I walked in and payed a premium price which I was fine with. I was not fine with the quality. They don't slice it from the meat stick. They slice it and keep it wrapped under tin foil bc no one was buying it over the day. I ended up getting a very ill tasting meal in the end. Ur better off at a halal truck. This place can't cut it, at least this location, the ill trained slow workers that don't even introduce the joint to u, and the premium price. Tin foil precut meat? Are u kidding me? Maybe u guys out there will have a better experience. This is not the shawarma hit up for me: pass.I had some high expectations of this place given that this would be our go to place for late night drunk food in NY.  
The place is pretty small.  There's a rope outside to herd all the drunk people in.  It has heat lamps to keep you warm as you wait outside.  
The prices are a bit higher than NY, but probably due to the fact that this is a store front vs.  a food truck.  The food was good - just like it was in NY.  
The service ok - still think they have some kinks to work out.  You can sign up for their loyalty rewards program, but doesn't seem like you get much back.Not even close to real 1. Staff also not friendly. I would rather drive more but get the original taste of it. East Brunswick much better. I feel I wasted money on something not worth that. Huge disappointment. You will know as you experience it.I was super excited to finally try The Halal Guys, but I must say it was only okay. I'd rather try different Halal food carts around Philly the next time I crave this type of food. 
I got the small falafel platter with the white sauce. It was tasty, but I've definitely had better. 
The falafel was too dry and crumbly, so it really needed to be drenched in sauce. The pita bread was the blandest pita I've ever tasted and I wish it had been toasted a little more. The rice was good, but again pretty dull. I really liked the white sauce, but they didn't put enough on, so I ended up having to ask them to put more on it halfway through the meal. I wish they had the sauces at the counter top so you could add your own desired amount. Without the sauce, the food was only average. My friend tried the red sauce and said it was incredibly spicy, so he was glad he only asked for a small amount. I'd definitely ask to get that on the side. 
Pros:
-Open late 
-Decent portion size (Tip: Get the large platter because it's only $1 more than the small and the size difference is quite impressive. I think two people could probably share the large platter -that's how much bigger it was.)
-Nice staff
-Seating area
Cons:
-Not much flavor
-Not enough sauce and you can't add it yourself
Overall, I'm not sure if I'll be back unless I have a craving late at night when the food carts are closed.Awesome place! I've been to the original food trucks several times in New York and can easily say that the quality of the food here is equally delicious! The chicken and gyro were perfectly seasoned and warm. And you definitely can't go wrong with that white sauce. Definitely a spot to hit up if you can't make it all the way to NY. The combo platter is well worth the price ($7 for a small and $8 for a regular). Food is filling and comes with a salad, rice, and protein of choice (falafel, beef gyro, or chicken).I've been waiting for this location to open for months, just got a chance to give it a try. Overall, I don't see a good value compared to alternatives. They barely give you two scoops of meat for a platter of half rice and half lettuce with some tomato, I wish they would forgo some lettuce in place of rice and meat. The quality of the gyro was alright, a bit dry, while the chicken was tasty. I got a side of falafel and that was the best tasting item of the day. Everything was alright, I would come back every now and again. My biggest gripe is with the pricing, close to $10 with tax for a regular platter does not make much sense to me. From a value perspective I would much rather go to a halal cart that's 50% the price and 75% of the quality.Was here a few weeks ago when the food court only had Halal Guys and the ice cream shop opened.
Having lived and worked in Manhattan for a few years, I didn't expect the franchising of the halal guys food cart was gonna live up to the original. It certainly didn't on my visit to this chinatown location. I had Halal guys combo platter pretty much once a week for a lunch while working in midtown on 52nd and Lex.
From experience, getting it from the Halal Guys cart was easy and quick, and done so with only 2 guys. This location has multiple people behind the counters and still serves slower, unfortunately. The amount of food given also has been scaled back, compared to what I've gotten in Manhattan. Another stark difference is price. The halal guys cart may have gone up in price since my time there, but I clearly remember it being $6 per platter so the price increase here is not justified for me for what I get.
The taste and flavors are decent enough, but I can't say there's much more similarities to the original other than the name.
If you want halal food, go to Saad's or Al Sham.Really nice customer service and super tasty food ! Can't beat it ! My whole family loves halal guys and there's never any leftovers -AMAZING! 
The restaurant is MUCH better than NYC. The construction and design is very well thought out and put together very nicely. The staff are well trained and go the extra bit to provide better customer service to make sure you are satisfied. 
In comparison to The Halal Guys in NYC, I say PHILLY is MUCH better because I personally am sensitive to crap food. First time trying Halal in NYC I didn't know exactly what it was that was making me feel disgusted until I learned yesterday at the soft opening in Philly after speaking with David (co-owner) that they use FRESH meat! What a HUGE difference.
The meat in NYC is precooked when it is shipped to the restaurant and recooked which could affect taste and body sensitivity (me personally). Also in NYC the meat is cooked over and over again creating a layer of left over meat. 
The fact that this place is brand new, it offers more innovation and better management/logistics making sure we as customers are satisfied with the experience and will return. After having the chicken meat combo. platter, I was completely satisfied with no nauseating feeling. I for surely will be back! Rolled Thai ice cream next door too? BET! 
ps. Korean food is coming soon.Chicken was not hot and rice was dry.if chicken and rice we hotter it would have been great.Went there yesterday as my wife and I were craving Halal Guys. We tried them in NY couple years ago and wanted to try the one in Chinatown being the closest one near South Jersey. We both had a regular platter of beef over rice. The food was great and service was excellent. The manager Pete did help us with our large stroller to go down the stairs and out after he finished. He was very kind and friendly and checked to see if we where satisfied. The only thing I felt was different than the Halal Guys in NY. Is that they served less than what they serve in NY. In NY they load your platter where you barely close it. But this wouldn't stop me from driving over the Ben Franklin bridge the next time we crave Halal guys. Please go and try it for yourself. You can just YouTube how popular the Halal Guys are. Celebrities go to there food carts in NY for a bite.the prices are very reasonable..Went today. First time I have eaten at The Halal Guys even though I have been to NY a lot. It was great. Decent sized portions on chicken platter with hot pita and famous white sauce. The sauce is delicious as advertised. They sorely need seating. Standing and eating at bar not a good solution. That will be resolved when food court opens but who knows when the rest of the construction will be completed. I will definitely be back. Wish they were located up around 16th and Market but they would be competing with Naf Naf Grill and soon to be open Verts.That brandon guy is super nice! You really get what you pay for-the food is great and the way they operate makes everything really clean and sanitary!I was so excited to hear that they open in Chinatown. 
Then I went there before the grand opening to give i t a try. 
Well, a bit more expensive than the 1 in New York (maybe because it have a store & indoor seating). 
The portion kinda the same in New York but have more veggies than rice and they don't have lamb :( only beef & chicken.Solid halal if you want something less sketchy than food trucks and very friendly staff. According to the manager their meats are never frozen and they use all fresh ingredients. We could definitely taste that the food was higher quality before they said anything. Worst case if you're still on the fence it is in a cool spot with lots of other options.Is halal food Arabic ? Why is there Chinese people working there? Why did their food not taste like halal? This place sucks I recommend going to the food cart near the Roosevelt mall I love it there!!It was ok. Every food cart in Philly I've been to has better halal than this. I don't really understand the hype.  Why don't they have lamb?  I'll stick to my go-to places in west philly or Temple.Disappointing compared to street halal carts. Not terrible, but for the increased price it wasn't better tasting or larger portioned.The famous food cart at 53rd and 6th Avenue in New York is now brick and mortar in Philadelphia.  Yes, The Halal Guys have come to Chinatown.  Their menu is as small as ever but that doesn't matter to me.  I'm going to order the falafel sandwich with tahini sauce anyway.  It's as good as any I've ever had anywhere in the world.  You can take it out but I want to eat my falafel right away so fortunately they do have a few tables.  Welcome to The Halal Guys in Philly!Fast service. The employees are super friendly and helpful. Great food. Recommended it to all of my friends and family and they loved it! They also had indoor seating & heating which made it a good hangout spot. Favorite platter is the combo platter with white and hot sauce. 10/10 would recommend for first-timers. They also offer delivery through Caviar and they open late so if you're ever hungry, this is the perfect place to order from to satisfy your late-night cravings!The Halal Guys located in Chinatown Square of Philadelphia is filled with friendly workers. They are all very patience with their customers and is willing to answer any questions based on what they offer because not many people know what Halal food is. Their team effort is awesome! Everyone makes sure that the restaurant runs smoothly so that they can have the food to their customers as soon as possible. I would definitely stop by again sometime in the future when I am back in town. I also want to thank Tran for serving me and having a lot of patience with all the questions that I asked her because I was clueless! Also shoutout to the Halal team that night! You guys were great!This location has great people working, doesn't even matter what day. I also go to the one in KOP, and I get just the same and great experience. They do have the soda tax, so be mindful you cannot have refills for free. I will always love their chicken, falafels, and rice with PLENTY of white sauce and a bit of hot sauce. I just know the white sauce is as fattening as mayo, so I can only get this stuff once in a blue moon, otherwise I'd be gaining a bunch of weight for sure. I'm glad they do Caviar here which is super close to my job and at my convenience, although I'd get charged for the extra packets of white sauce that I'd include. There's more perks to eating inside!!! Plus the vibes in the Chinatown square is nice unless you're not too big of a fan eating a place with loud music on sometimesWhat's great about this place is its apart of a food court! The food taste good especially the white sauce. The staff is always ready to serve and the service was fast. I would recommend the chicken to everyone because that is my favorite. 
I highly recommend this place to everyone! The whole food court itself is so lively.After trying the original Halal Guys in NYC several years ago, I was eager to get my fix locally at their location in Chinatown. Portions are generous for what you pay. I was totally stuffed after finishing my combo platter. Friend got fries and they were perfectly crispy. Everything tasted very fresh. Staff were very friendly and quick with my order. They even let me have as much extra white sauce without upcharging me. There was a counter seating area on the wall along with some additional seating next to the restaurant.I was really excited to try this place, as I had tried both the carts in New York and the brick and mortar in Costa Mesa and loved it. I got a small combo with beef and chicken ($7.99), but unfortunately in my opinion it was just ok. 
Pros:
- The workers there were really friendly
- For getting a rewards card you get a free fountain drink 
- The food was reminiscent of the NYC cart 
Cons:
- My pita was extremely stale
- There was way too much rice in proportion to the meat
- I wish they gave sauce packets instead of pouring it themselves. I definitely had a lot of rice on the bottom that was dry and in desperate need of white sauce.
- Very limited seating 
Overall the food was mediocre. Due to the convenience factor and my love for halal food, I'll definitely be back, but probably less often than I would have originally anticipated.I've been to the halal guys about 3 times now. Can't go to New York everyday so I'm grateful for this location. Food isn't good as New York halal karts maybe because you don't get the same experience of waiting in line and eating on the street but still decent.
The staff here is very confused. They are nice but really discombobulated every step of the way. We are asked same questions 4 different times from 4 different people and always hear the staffs ask among themselves if one of them had rung us up haha. 
I still go here time to time to fulfill my cravings but never enjoy the process of getting my food.Only downside is price. Pricy compare to NYC one. Paid 19$ for two. One small and one regular . Don't know if this will survive with this price .Came to their soft & grand opening, it was well organized and the staff was super friendly. Had an awesome experience time after time! Thanks for bringing chicken & rice to philly!My first experience with Halal Guys outside of NYC was at the Yelp Halloween event. I waited til I had the chance to stop in before writing a review and finally made that happen on Saturday night. I ordered a regular combo platter and skipped the salad. They don't let you add your own sauce so I got mine with white sauce and asked for just a little bit of red. They asked if I wanted a strip of it so I guess that is how they're measuring the red sauce? Either way, it was just as hot as I remembered. Having done my time waiting in line at 53rd and 6th, it's hard NOT to compare this location to the original. My bf and I agreed that while we didn't think the platters were quite as good, we definitely don't hate having a Halal Guys in Philly. It's in a convenient enough location so I'm sure we'll make our way back here to get our chicken and rice fix.When I'm down- halal guys come to my rescue. I'm from New Jersey so I'm really close to the real deal ( halal truck where all the magic started). But I was in Philly for the weekend and wanted to pay a visit to my halal guys. The place was really clean and everyone was super friendly. They do have some seating if you want to eat there which is a huge plus! But be aware- their meat is not the same as NYC truck. Here it's more like a chicken breast pieces then the regular crumbly pieces. Not sure what your preference is but it was pretty good and tasted clean.What a let down!
I know running a franchise is hard, especially a new concept in a new city. But idk how the Halal Guys brand is allowing this store to continue to operate in such a fashion. This was underwhelming, and I will not recommend anyone going. 
If you do make the mistake of going make sure to not try the red sauce. I myself like spicy things but this was just too much. It was not enjoyable, the creator of the sauce needs to reevaluate their job!I tried the Halal Guys today one in KoP. I tried chicken and beef platters and both of them were not that great. Expensive and portions were so small. I couldn't find any meat in the platters, I felt like I was eating lettuce, tomatoes with rice. Oh and the white and red sauce. Will never eat from there again. Halal carts are way better than the Halal Guys.TLDR: a filling platter of meat, rice, pita, and veggies. What more could you want? Beware the red sauce--they will let you try some first on some pita first to test how much spice you can handle. Also unclear how their rewards program works. 
For a while, I was obsessed with these halal platters that you can find basically all over Philly, and also in my personal favorite late night place, Masala Kitchen. Since you can basically get a halal platter from any of these carts for $5 plus a drink, is Halal Guys' significantly more expensive platter (~$8-9) worth it? 
I'm gonna say yes. The meat is a better quality, the rice is well spiced, the portions are just plain bigger, and there's the added benefit of the red sauce!! No complaints about the service, and I've actually seen the manager making rounds in the Chinatown Sq food court area offering more squeezes of white and red sauce.  One small gripe is that their pita is a hit or miss. Sometimes it's toasted well, and sometimes it's just soggy since they warm it up all in a giant pile. 
Overall, I will continue going to Halal guys for their delicious platters!So right off the bat this place is but as good as the one in NYC. Even then it is certainly not really much better than any other helal cart you can get in Philly or NYC. The only difference is you pay 2x the price.  Go to the helal carts on market St 1/2 the price when drink vs this over priced and over hyped jointPricey. Stingy with meat. Way too much pepper. There are better options all around the city.This place has very good food. It's always freshly made right before you. You could choose from the chicken, beef or both. They also offer gyros. The white sauce is awesome. But be very careful of the red sauce. It is hot, hot,hot! No joke. Even just a few drops. So I play it safe and order my sauce on the side. The portions are large. And the food is delicious. So if you want a meal that's not heavy but nutritious. Give Halal guys a try. The staff are friendly. The store is clean.So glad the Halal Guys finally opened up in Philly! I thought I would only enjoy this after a night of drinking but turns out it's just as great when completely sober! Love the fact that it's available on UberEats!I've been here a few times and the staff is always friendly and pretty fast. I think the food is really good for this type of restaurant. When I come here to eat, I always get what I expect and the food is consistent. The serving size is big, I usually get a chicken platter and probably could share it with someone else. Glad that I don't have to wait outside at the food carts to get my chicken and rice anymore!!Like many Yelpers, I was super excited that the famous cart turned brick and mortar was coming to Philly. I can't compare it to the cart since I've never tried it, but I felt it was a rather uneventful meal. The combo platter is great in size, but the ratio from rice to meat is way off. Significantly more rice than there was meat. I was a fan of their white sauce and I can see how it can be addictive. A line of the red should be more than enough and this is coming from someone who adores spicy food. The staff was extremely polite! In defense of the output, I also went there very shortly after they opened or maybe I would have enjoyed it more had I been less than sober.