The service.. So disappointing. You would think that if you go to a good restaurant, being nice to your waiter and have a full expensive meal (400 for 4 ppl) - the service will be spectacular.. apparently not at Treemont. From start to finish..
We asked about the wine, I guess the fact that the wine price was on the cheap  side - the waiter referred us to more expensive one that was far from the type of wine we were interested in..
Our drinks took really long to arrive - couple min before we received our appetizers, all thought we order them way before we ordered our food. - not sure why purring wine will take forever; the more complicated drinks - I kinda understand. 
Then we received the appetizers: chickpea fritters  - so good, the special charred octopus salad, was prepared really nice as well, Hen devil eggs - mediocre at best and cured cobia - sooooo tasty!! the portion is not big or small - its just right, the issue is that our waiter decided to clear our table before we finish our food without even asking if we are done which was really rude especially consider the portion factor (5 pcs of cobia - he took it when there were 2 left.), bizarre.
Then entrees: the Amish chicken is reach with flavors, Golden Tile Fish - right up my alley :) and the Parisian-Style Gnocchi - tasty but had really weird texture and kinda remind us tater tots.. 
Then we receive our dessert, which was taken by our waiter half full which kinda made us feel that we were rushed to leave the restaurant. 
We never experienced this type of service. Food is good, but the service leave a bitter taste in your mouth. We will not go back again.Awesome!!!! The best new place in town. Veal dish was amazing, the clams ceviche was the best. The waiter we had awesome!!! The pricing was great for this level of food which was the best!!! Go there check it out. Bill from BostonA last minute Saturday night decision led to The Treemont.  We were deciding between The Treemont and Abe Fisher, and I'm glad we chose this restaurant (even though I was secretly hoping for the latter).
The food was great.  The salad, gnudi, and fluke entree were all really well done.  Seriously, at its price point ($22-28 for entrees), it's better than a lot of Philly's heavy hitters in my opinion, including Vernick, Wedge, The Dandelion, A. Kitchen, Pumpkin, etc.  Sure, you can't compare different cooking techniques amongst these restaurants, but based on pure complexity and taste of the food, this place comes at or near the top.  
Service was a little odd.  It was weird to be told that all seats that night were reserved, then ushered to a counter top, and midway through the meal, still have half the seats around you be unoccupied.  And our waiter, though competent, seemed a little ditsy and inattentive at times.  But I'll take these minor issues any day if the food always tastes as good as it was.Visited this past week to check what the new restaurant had to offer. I went on a Wednesday night so it wasn't very crowded and we were seated immediately. I would say the menu is definitely eclectic and modern and the wine/beer menu is of good size however the prices are a bit high with no wine glasses offered under $10. Our group decided to share a couple of the small plate snacks, including the scallops, chick pea fritters and the cobia? fish dish. We were first greeted with complimentary seasoned chips and a hummus which was tasty and flavorful. The scallops came as a set of three and those I was with said they were very tasty but they weren't as impressed with the other fish dish. Everyone seemed to agree that the chick pea fitters were best as they were tasty, unique in texture and came with a yummy yogurt dipping sauce. We also ordered the strawberry rhubarb dessert which was "deconstructed" which I am not a huge fan of but it was flavorful. Overall I would say for the portions it is pricey but flavors are decent. It is definitely trying to be more high end and eclectic, catering towards a certain crowd of food goers so I wish them the best!Stopped by late on a Saturday night over the weekend to eat at the bar. Great ambiance-very relaxed, somewhat sophisticated vibe with modern decor. The bartenders were great and you could tell they take their time when making the drinks with care, which is nice to see because it's a rare sight. They had an array of different liquor but the wine menu was very small. 
I'm not sure why they call it "new american" as there weren't many choices that would be classified as that. The menu was too eclectic for my taste so I stuck with the chicken entree. It was $22 for 4 tiny bites of chicken which were wrapped in the skin, accompanied by 2 half pieces of white asparagus and 3 tiny potatoes. The asparagus was great, the chicken was not. It seemed undercooked and it wasnt too warm when served. I think it took me all of 4 bites to finish the dish...although I didn't eat all of the chicken. The portions were incredibly small and don't justify the high prices. I won't be eating here again but may stop by the bar for a drink.This new spot is worth checking out. The drink menu was diverse and offered a combo of creative cocktails and reasonably priced wine and beer. The appetizers were excellent. Try the Treemont cheese.  Very attentive and professional service.  The table and bar layout is interesting, but we were comfortable at our table.The Treemont
231 S 15th St Philadelphia, PA 19102 | (267) 687-2237 | http://thetreemont.com/
Relatively new on the Philadelphia restaurant scene, this modern American cuisine restaurant opened just after April 2014, and is the 6th business enterprise of Chef Chip Roman, a Philadelphia native and owner of the Roman Restaurant Group. His business ventures include:
Blackfish, opened in 2006, holds 3 Bells from the Philadelphia Inquirer and earned the number one spot in Philadelphia magazine's 2011 "50 Best Restaurants" issue. 
Mica, opened in March of 2011, also holds 3 Bells from the Philadelphia Inquirer and was named by GQ magazine as one of the "10 Best Restaurants 2012". 
Ela, opened in November of 2011 as a partnership with Chef Jason Cichonski and also received a glowing 3 Bells from the Inquirer's Craig LaBan. 
Tradestone Confections, a line of artisan chocolates and confections available online, as well as 
Tradestone Café, offering coffee, breakfast, soups, salads and sandwiches, alongside the gourmet chocolate line.
Possibly one of the finest modern American restaurants in the city, the location is how shall we say VERY poor. Wedged in-between a group of bars including Tavern on Broad, The Good Dog, Fado Irish Pub, Fox and Hound and the neighborhood Applebee's, Chip Roman's Center City debut sits amidst a pub crawling crowd.  Not to mention the huge Cheesecake Factory (the Walmart of eateries) moved in just up the street. So, will people put down their beers, cheesecakes, and $9.99 all you can eat appetizers and stay sober just long enough to enjoy the greatness of this exquisite restaurant; we shall soon see.  I hope the answer is a resounding yes.
As soon as I walked in the door the bar area stood out.  Wow. Nicely lit and perfectly organized I knew I'd be in luck for some delicious, refreshing cocktails this evening.
The meal commenced with a delightful amuse bouche. Buckwheat muffin with agave nectar served with a chipotle butter.
Aptly named, the Final Problem, made of Rum, House Ginger, Lime Cordial, Soda, this devilishly tasty summer cocktail certainly could create quite a few problems after a few of them, as how shall we put it delicately, the final problem was solved as it swiftly slid down my gullet.
To wet the palate, we started with spiced almonds and marinated olives. The almonds were not very spicy but had a nice kick to them along with some sweetness which was difficult to discern the origins.  The olives were pitted (thank you), and were an apt accompaniment.
Foie Gras Terrine|Seabuckthorn|Macadamia|Brioche|Rhubarb...$17.  Things got rolling as soon as the foie gras came out.  Absolutely delicious.  My one critique is the terrine could have been served slightly warmer.  It clumped as I spread it onto my rich and tender brioche.  In my opinion, it should have spread more smoothly like a room-temperature butter. Seeing as terrines are normally served at or just slightly below room temperature, I thought it should have been warmer. The small orange seabuckthorn herbs were very tasty and the rhubarb added sweetness. Macadamia nuts were good, I might have chosen a sweeter nut--maybe a candied almond or cashew, but that is just artistic difference.  Overall, a 4.5/5 star dish with half a star off due to temperature.
Berkshire Pork Loin|Endive|Artichoke|Honeycomb....$24.  I loved the fact this was served with real honeycomb.  That MADE the dish.  Don't ever take the honeycomb away.  Your loyal customers will clamor until it is re-added to the menu. The sweet brown pork jus mixed well with the honeycomb and gave the already tender pork the juiciness it needed.  Well presented, and well plated, A+ for presentation.
Amish Chicken|Pumpernickel|Fingerling Potatoes|Asparagus|English Peas ...$22. The pea puree was probably the best part of this chicken dish. The chicken was tender and well cooked and the pumpernickel certainly added flavor. Fingerling potatoes were adequate.  Could have been served with a bit more asparagus in my opinion.  The chicken jus that was poured on top finished the dish well.
Sour cream pannacotta, pine nut brittle, passionfruit gel, olive oil powder.  Fantastic. Whipped, light and fluffy with the immense richness of the passion fruit and sweetness of the pine nut brittle, this dessert will leave you wanting more, more, more. 5/5 stars.
Of Note: 
A pristine restroom facility.
Spacious upstairs seating area with views of the street below.
Small al fresco dining area just outside the entrance with room for a few tables.This year we decided to switch things up on Valentine's Day.  Rather than start months in advance and deal with crowds on the actual day, we went out a day earlier.  Treemont was our chosen destination and we were very happy with the food and the restaurant itself.
To begin, the space is very cool and when you walk in, it looks like the dining area isn't quite large.  Enter the loft above the main dining area which houses probably about 15 more tables.  I think the first floor is dedicated to a small bar and the kitchen.  It's not a concept I've seen frequently but I liked the feel of the place.
We started with the kale salad and the lobster agnolotti.  I got to taste both dishes since I have no dietary restrictions and I was impressed with how each was executed.  The salad had two kale textures in it, raw leaves and crispy leaves.  Maybe they toss kale chips in with it?  Either way, that textural element took the salad up a few points in my book.  I believe it was paired with a lemon dressing for my wife and it had to be preserved lemon or meyer because it was lighter and sweeter than most lemon we buy.  The agnolotti which were filled with lobster and scallop were also extremely well presented.  They were draped in a brown butter sauce and they fell apart easily with a fork while still keeping their texture enough to be eaten.
My entree was the short rib, anson mills grits and heirloom carrots.  The short rib was butchered to be a nearly perfect cube, set in an elliptical plate with perfectly roasted carrots surrounding it and a delightful sauce.  This dish was rich, comforting and everything that I wanted for my meal.  I had a bite of my wife's salmon which had an excellent crust on it with an interior that was soft and just melted when eaten.
While I found our waiter to be a bit dry, he did execute our service quite well.  He was frequently at our table refilling water and brought our drinks promptly.  Also, he accurately conveyed my wife's allergies to the kitchen and made sure she was aware of her dining options on the menu.
I think the Treemont is a wonderful addition to our well established dining scene and helped us celebrate (albeit a bit early) our first V-Day as a married couple.I am going to attempt to sum up the awesomeness that was experienced at dinner last night...great service, very accommodating to gluten free, and amazing food! 
A group of 11 of us made a reservation and upon arriving we were promptly seated upstairs at 2 tables. The server wasted no time in coming around to all of us and taking our drink order and asking if we had any questions on the menu. The atmosphere is very inviting and the seats were very comfortable. The sound wasn't overly loud even when the upstairs was completely full (that may be because we were pretty loud). There is plenty of space between the tables so you don't feel like your sitting on top of the people next to you which I personally appreciate them not packing it in like a can of sardines. 
Drinks~~We ordered a mix of beer, wine, and cocktails. They do carry Tito's vodka for those gluten free. There was no complaint on any of the drinks ordered and we enjoyed a few rounds throughout dinner. Drinks came reasonably fast so guess the bartender was on their game to keep drinks working quickly. Drinks were well made and served perfectly to what I would expect. 
Apps ~~Once we had our drinks the server came and took our order for apps. Our table got a nice variety including olives, spicy almonds, calamari, and sheep cheese. The server knew I was gluten free so he was so nice and let me know about everything that I ordered and if I could eat it. They brought bread for the table which was a homemade biscuit type loaf, everyone raved about these. They brought me a bowl of seasoned gluten free popcorn since I couldn't eat the bread which was such a pleasant surprise! 
Entrees~~There were plenty of dinner choices and I went with the lamb dish with potatoes instead of barley. It came out perfectly cooked to a slightly medium cook. The person across from me got the Amish Chicken and it looked simply amazing and he said it was delicious as well. We got the Kale, Beets, and Mushrooms as sides and all came out what looked to be buttered and all tasted fresh and were cooked perfectly. I would suggest that each side will serve about 2 people so get multiple if with a group like we were. 
Dessert~~Once we all were done essentially licking our plates (and almost literally as the 2 guys with salmon asked for extra bread to sop up the sauce) we ordered desserts.  I got the raspberry dessert since it was gluten free...it was like a custard on the bottom with a light fruit topping with fresh raspberries and little merengue type pieces on it. It was a perfect light summer dessert to finish off the meal. A couple guys got the rhubarb strawberry and mentioned they would prefer the rhubarb cooked a little more.I had a phenomenal experience at the Treemont.  I happened upon this spot during Restaurant Week.  It had fairly good reviews and was available at the time I was hoping to have dinner.  What a good choice!
Its easily accessible in Rittenhouse Square, and is a quaint little spot with open air windows.  The staff were attentive but not overbearing.  The drinks were delish. Not cheap, but delish.  Lucky for me, after checking in on yelp, I got a free glass of the house wine.  It wasn't stellar, but it was free!
The food however was wonderful.  It was like having a 3-4 course Top Chef Masters meal.  The best item was the Ricotta Gnudi.  Looking at it, you'll have no idea what it is.  But at first bite - you won't care.  Ultimately, I found out that its like an inside out ravioli, minus the pasta.  Its was delectable!
The dessert course left something to be desired, but it really didn't matte,r because I was so happy from eating dinner!I have to believe that this restaurant's decor, and the buzz surrounding it account for better reviews than the food would deserve. The surroundings are attractive, and the food presentations elegant, but ...  BUT
I don't mind small portions, as I can't eat much at one sitting, but I would imagine that many others would find the tiny portions wanting. So, the food must be really special, yes? No. Three of us had the vegetable salad, which was pretty, but tiny. The beets were sliced wafer thin, and the radishes as well. Very cute. And there was a touch of dressing, thank goodness. Not bad, but the overall dish is bland and simply too precious.
I could go on, but enough already. The other starter I chose (squid) was just okay, but the rest of our party cleaned their plates (easily done, given the portions!). So maybe I'm the odd man out?
So, if you are looking for so-so food at high prices, this is the place for you!My sister in law and I select a new restaurant to celebrate the birthdays of our husbands every year. This year, we picked the Treemont. It is a beautiful, bright, open space across the street from Good Dog. We were seated at a table in the center of the dining room near open windows. It was lovely. Our server was so nice and explained anything we had questions about. We basically ordered almost every starter, with the standouts being the tuna, carrot gazpacho and the gnudi. I had the Amish chicken for dinner, as did my brother in law. My husband had the short ribs (which I snuck a bite of) and my sister in law had the gnocchi. It was delicious. All of it. It is not cheap (250 for the 4 of us) but it's one of those places where your money is well spent and it makes it easier to swallow simply because the food is prepared beautifully and tastes as it should.I've been stalking Chip Roman's Restaurants for a verrrry long time.  Mica has been on my wishlist for years but I haven't been able to make it to the burbs to try it..yet.  When I found out The Treemont was coming to town, you know I had to make a reze!  The food and service was excellent and I rarely EVER say that.  I would also like to note that I noticed the manager Leah, talking to a table for a good 15 minutes.. I assumed that she knew them and when they left they said " Nice to meet you!".  Now I have been to mannnnny restaurants in my day and I have never, ever, ever seen a manager take the time to really get to know their customers like she did.  Very impressive!  We will be back and I highly recommend.The food tasted like the first time I heard the Beatles/Pearl Jam/Phish, what have you. All of the dishes were presented very beautifully and tasted fresh. The carrot gazpacho will stay with me for some time. One miss was the squid, it was a bit salty, but you can't win them all. This is a must try.We randomly walked in here on the last night of SIPS and it was a pleasant surprise. Amazing food which was recommended to us by the bartender Justin. He was very welcoming, knowledgable, and friendly. We chatted with him a lot during our meal. The escargot and Cobia were amazing and we had the fish of the day. Which was skate and it was also really good. Very relaxed atmosphere. We will be back!We had small plates. The menu is eclectic and fun. The foie gras terrine was fantastic and each of the other dishes were quite good. We did not love them all equally, but they were all unique and adventurous 
I had the best chocolate cake I have ever had, it was on of the best deserts I have ever tasted. 
Great service and casual. A good find.Have eaten at The Treemont 4 times and have enjoyed it each time.  My husband and I had brunch there today and once again we were impressed by the service, food and attention to detail.  The manager aims to please and our server was delightful.  They really listen to what the customer wants and will make modifications when asked.
Our brunch included the Fall Greens Salad. It was fresh, inventive and delicious.  We also had the Parisian-style Gnocchi which is so light and airy, one of my favorite dishes.  My hubby had the steak and grits.  Great flavor.  Steak was tender and the grits were fabulous.  And last but not least, the Pastry Basket.  How can you go wrong with that?
Highly recommended!I don't have much to offer, since I was there over a month ago and forgot what I had, but I figured I'd give them a 5 star review, as they earned it.
All of the food was great. Wine list was decent but not great. Service was also good. The only weird this was that half the place was empty - on a Saturday night.
If you're looking for something new, give this place a go. You will enjoy the meal.My date and I were trying to figure out where to go for dinner last night, as neither of us had much of an appetite, and both have multiple food restrictions/allergies. He went above and beyond what I expected him to do and found multiple restaurants and wrote down menu items he knew i could have. The Treemont sounded the most appealing to me, and while at work I looked up there menu. There were 1-2 appetizers i could have, no entrees, and could have all of the sides. I decided why not, and he made a reservation with a note stating we both had dietary restrictions. I arrived first and spoke with Abigail, who seemed to be the hostess/bartender, and she went step by step through each menu item with me and told me what each of us could have with alterations, no alterations, and what we couldnt have at all due to premixed ingredients. My date soon arrived, we were seated, and each decided on an appetizer and one of their special non alcoholic drinks. We each got the Solitary Cyclist-grenadine, ginger, lime and soda. It was DELICIOUS. He ordered the slow roasted sweet potato without the cardamom and coffee crumble (gluten allergy) and I ordered the charred beets. Before we received our food, we were given a cast iron dish of spiced popcorn (it's complimentary during happy hour) and it was wonderful (im sort of a popcorn addict). We were both blown away by how simple yet amazing our dishes were, and tried each others. The sweet potato presentation was beautiful, and my beets weren't that fancy but SO very flavorful. It was the perfect amount of food for both of us for the night, and were very impressed with all of our decisions, the staffs accommodations, recommendations and help. I would definitely go back to The TreemontHad only been open for a couple of weeks when the two of us went for a birthday celebration.  Menu is somewhat limited, and flavor combinations were adventurous, but we expected that, having looked at the menu beforehand. Had a seaweed salad appetizer (a special) that I wouldn't recommend - mixed too many flavors and consistencies.  Other appetizers (clam ceviche; turnip soup) were good but portion size of ceviche was small  We had the fish for two (Dorad, but it changes daily). It was excellent, but again, portion size much too small for two people.  Drinks seemed like light pours, too.  Dessert (rhubarb/strawberry) was unusual - but excellent. Desserts need better explanations on menu. Felt it was very overpriced given portion sizes.  On the other hand, the service was excellent, and the ambiance is very nice. Could be good with a few tweaks.  For now I'd return to go to the bar, which is very nice, but not for dinner.After my last review of Treemont (mainly regarding the inferior service we received at this restaurant), the restaurant's management contacted me to apologize for the bad service our party of four experienced there. They invited our entire party to come back and retry the Treemont experience.
It was AMAZING. From the beginning to the end - it was truly over the top. They greeted us with a bottle of champagne for a festive start to the evening. 
This time we praised our server and kind of preferred him to sit and chat with us rather than wait on us. Our server was the most food knowledgeable person I have ever met, pleasant and very interesting person. 
He knew the smallest, most specific details about the entire menu, and his recommendations were on point once he got to know our tastes and preferences. 
We sat upstairs (I didn't even know they have upstairs seating). It is a great space and the atmosphere is young, modern and really classy.
And the feast began... 
Scallop Crudo - wow. It was so good and unique we wanted to order more, but more than 5 appts for 4 people is already a little bit too much 
Chick Pea Fritters - because you have to have them
Ricotta Gnudi - if everyone is recommending them, there has to be a reason. They were so fluffy, the filling and sauce were really good and complemented the smooth texture.
Escargots à la Georges Perrier - the waiter recommended and he knows what's what. It's a must order.
Charred Squid - we needed to revisit this deliciousness. 
And to the main courses - we already had the Amish chicken so we knew what are we getting, but we really enjoyed the tender, buttery like short rib for the fist time, who knew that grits can be so tasty? 
The Scottish salmon with its green broth - I never tasted broth with sorrel leaves and it was a great introduction. 
You cant, but CANT pass on dessert - we ordered 2 - the candy and cookies variety and the Sour cream pannacotta. I could have eaten just that (in much larger amount) for the entire meal. Yes it was that good. 
We cant wait to go back and will gladly recommend to our friends. I know they will have a great time.We went to Treemont back in mid December. I was looking for a potential "gift" to give to my parents for Christmas. I knew this place was relatively new so I thought we would give it a try. 
The food was pretty good, although I can't really remember what we had. I will say that the celery root soup was awesome. They had some decent cocktails too. The atmosphere was a little loud. We were in a party of four and had a hard time hearing each other. 
I am not dying to go back, but it was an overall good experience. I did not end up sending my parents.The Treemont was not crowded when I showed up for my reservation.  I was the first of my group to arrive and they allowed me to sit at the table vs. wait at the bar which was nice. 
I started with a Twisted Lip cocktail and it was tasty but just a bit too sweet for me to consider drinking more than one.  My group ordered a bunch of apps to share, so I got to sample the deviled egg, chick pea fritters, foie gras, gnudi, escargots and cured cobia.  All were very good but the standouts were the gnudi and the cobia. As an entrée, my friend & I split the short rib and the gnocchi.  The short rib was excellent. Melt in your mouth beef deliciousness.  The gnocchi were also good but different than what I was expecting. Not super saucy and soft but more dry and crip on the outside.  Tasty but different. Maybe that's what they mean by "Parisian style" on the menu. We also shared a side of charred beets. These weren't exactly what I was expecting either. I was expecting crispy/charred smaller chunks of beets served hot but instead they were cold, in large chunks and not too charred. When I cook beets at home I like them shits crispy but maybe that's just me. They were pretty good anyway though.
The space is gorgeous and our server was attentive (bordering on hover-y at times but I guess that's what happens when you're one of the only tables in the place).We had brunch here - by ourselves.  Literally there was no one else in the place.   The service was fine but oddly slow for it being so empty.   The food was awful.  The scrambled eggs were very messy wet which made the potatoes wet and the who,e thing nearly inedible.   They also didn't seem to really understand their own menu.  I would not go hereMy brother and I have gone here a few times now and I've never been disappointed. We have always gone for cocktails, so I can't comment on the food beyond the fantastic seasoned popcorn they keep on the bar. Jameson is the bartender we have had both times and I can honestly say he's one of the best I've ever seen. Super knowledgeable when it comes to both cocktails and wine, and prepares a drink to perfection. I will certainly come back here.A friend suggested The Treemont so we made reservations for 5 of us last evening. The atmosphere is modern, clean, with subway tiles, wood accents and green lighting. We were seated upstairs with a great view. The service was incredible from start to finish. We started with the Snacks of Deviled Hen Eggs, Duck Confit, Chick Pea Fritters and Spiced Almonds. The Chick Peas Fritters are amazing and my Favorite, they are a must! We paired all with Chardonnay which was very flavorful. 
Dinner Menu my first choice was the Salmon but after receiving the Amish Chicken info from the Waitress we decided to choose both and share. Believe me the Chicken was cooked to perfection along with the potatoes. Additional orders by friends were the Lamb Saddle and Beef Short Ribs.
I'm looking forward to experience the Breakfast/Brunch Menu next. The Treemont will definitely be a regular food stop for me. Again the Service was beyond exceptional.To break the endless beer of 2014 Beer Week, I decided to dine at Chip Roman's newest restaurant, The Treemont. My party of three plus me had a great time. The party consisted of two restaurateurs from out of town, a avid amateur foodie, and me, a former chef. When we try out a new restaurant, we like to try as many dishes as possible from as many of the different food categories as possible. The Teemont is perfect for this kind of tasting. The menu is divided into small, medium, and large plates. From the enticing small plates list, we chose deviled hen egg with duck confit, scallop crudo, and chick pea fritters with spiced yogurt (wow!). Each dish was delicious. We would have enjoyed a second egg on the plate as much because of its deliciousness as our hunger level. The pickled mustard seeds on the egg added a nice sharpness to the sweet creaminess of the egg. The crudo was close to a ceviche and was very fresh. The chickpea fritters reminded me of the tofu cubes I used to love at the local Burmese restaurant. Those were tofu based. The Treemont's were creamier on the inside and the yogurt was beautifully tangy from cumin and other spices. Six hour cured cobia in a beet vinagrette was perfection. We fought over the last piece.
For medium sized plates we tried the foie gras terrine and the nettle + ricotta gnudi. Chip Roman's foie gras terrine is similar at all of his restaurants. Creamy, delicious, classic, reflecting his training at Le Bec Fin. the gnudi reflect his training at Vetri. This is the end of nettle season and it was a great way to finish that part of the year. Fear not, it is now garlic scape season and they showed up later in the meal. It would be difficult to decide whether the foie gras or the gnudi were richer since the gnudi got the sage and brown butter treatment. Exquisite.
We then moved to the entree portion of the menu. We took the John Lee Hooker approach substituting for one bourbon, one shot, and one beer, one meat, one poultry and one fish (served two ways. For the poultry, we enjoyed the Amish chicken with fingerling potatoes. It was prepared sous vide and finished in the oven. The secret to this dish was the sauce ... pumpernickel sauce. Don't ask, just try it with a big malty beer. The fish was tuna served two ways, the belly and loin being differently prepared and served in a light, flavorful broth with garlic scapes. The belly was so rich and fatty that two bites were enough. The loin was roasted and oh so fresh. Chip is a fisherman and knows his fish. The meat was a Chip classic, sixteen hour slowly cooked short ribs with grits. Fork tender, The meat was melt in your mouth good. Accompaniments for the entrees included green and white asparagus and charred beets aigre-doux. Since you've read this far, let me give you a tip about Chip. It something on the menu contains beets, get it. Trust me, 
Well, we were done and my chef friends had a long drive back to the wilds of Pike County so we tried some of the Tradstone candies and caramels from another of Chip's enterprises.
Service was professional (thanks Paulina), the welcome warm (thanks Leah) and the cocktails cold and delicious (thank you unknown bartender). Restaurants like this are  why I love dining out.We really enjoyed our happy hour. Waiter was great, manager also friendly.  We'll go againLast night for our monthly girls night out we tried the newly opened Treemont. The space was beautiful and the vibe was sexy and sophisticated. We started with some of the signature cocktails. I tried the Engineers Thumb which was almost sangria-like and then we moved on to a bottle of Sauv Blanc that was fantastic and super affordable. Our server encouraged us to share the plates so we decided to order a few appetizers and a few entrees to split between all of us. Every bite was fantastic and kept us guessing. The gnudi is a must have for an appetizer and the beef short rib was to die for. Didn't even need a knife. We asked to meet the chef and he came out. Chef Rob came out to say hello and spoke with a neighboring table as well. Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu!We came here for dinner on a recent saturday night.  While the restaurant was full, service was fantastic and you could easily carry on a conversation without having fellow diners conversations drowning out your dining partner.  There is a great selection on the drink menu.  We went with the charred squid and tuna as appetizers and the salmon and pork loin as our main courses.  The food was 5 star and the ambiance was fantastic.  My only knock was the raspberry dessert.  Maybe I had higher expectations based on yelp reviews (which led me to choose the dessert).  I highly recommend the restaurant and works great as a place for dinner for two.I've been enough times to review treemont on drinks but not having had a low key HH there last night with the fab Shauna G I now think this place is way underrated. 
Starters : happy hour is every day except Saturday ( winning) 
Our bartender was pretty quiet but honored our yelp check ins with out any attitude . He allowed us to split the theatre prefix menu. I am a little sad we didn't get any popcorn ( comes as a compliment to HH) or bread and dipping oil but the starter and dessert were winners and though I didn't love the entree it was plates beautifully.
We started with the chickpea fritters followed by the sea bream and a chocolate dessert . The addition of the potatoes with garlic aioli was the perfect amount if food for  2 to share .
The HH cocktail was bourbon based and had a slight sour finished I didn't hate it but I switched back to wine. I believe they rotate the drink so this could change for future HH's.
I will most certainly be back it's a great space for a laid back dinner with friends .My family and I choose this restaurant after reading the reviews.  We chose appetizers and entrees to share
What a disappointment.   The appetizer portions were very small.....spread out over the plate in an artistic presentation, and expensive.  The chick pea fritters were good.....but tiny.  And they were out of sweet potatoes. How could that be when the restaurant was almost empty?
The steak dinner was good with delicious sauce and so was the fish entree. The pork loin was very chewy and dry. We did not eat it.
The chocolate dessert was yummy but had a weird presentation with small pieces scattered around the plate.
The appearance of the restaurant was modern and attractive.
Obviously our experience was different than other reviewers.
I thought it was very expensive for what we got.Wanted to try this place after I had good experience at Blackfish. Food was decent and ambiance was cozy as well. I had chicken liver pate and short rib. Chicken liver pate is one of my favorite dishes so I usually get it whenever I see them on the menu. Sadly it was just average. Not bad but not good either. Liked their creamy texture but was lack on flavor, they gave you a lot of brioche though. Beef short rib dish was pretty good but was little too sweet in my opinion. For me, 4 or 5 star on yelp means I would like to go back. This place more like 3.5 star or above but just not a 4 star...We had a large group for dinner (17 people) and had an AMAZING experience. The service was wonderful, the restaurant is beautiful and the food was utterly spectacular!!  The chick pea fritters, celery root soup, and sour cream panacotta were my favorites... oh and the smoked salmon with quaile egg was RIDICULOUS. Can't wait to go back and try more things from the menu!After reading yet another good review of the Treemont, we decided to check it out this past Friday night. 
After walking in, I was pretty surprised that it wasn't busier as I've heard great things but there was an entire upstairs that we didn't get a chance to see so may be that's where all the diners were hiding? I was also blown away by how pretty it was. All I could think was, "wow, this used to be a red mango"?
First we began with the scallop crudo and the 6 hour cured cobia. My gentleman adored the scallop as it was delicate, refreshing and still very scallopy. I liked it but it was not my fave. My fave was the 6 hour cured cobia which I'm pretty sure I could eat almost every day. Approachable, light but packed with flavor. Get this. Next we shared the chick pea fritters. These were tasty, crunchy on the outside and delicate on the inside but not our favorite so I can't say we'd order them again. 
Lastly, we split the lamb saddle which was fantastic. The lamb was so tender that we didn't need a steak knife. I loved it with the fermented barley. It paired so well and felt like the perfect fall dish.
My only complaint is that our drinks took forever to get after ordering. I completely understand that they have quite a few ingredients but I'm pretty sure our first course shouldn't arrive before our drinks that we ordered prior to the first course. Not the end of the world though and the drinks were tasty so that helped.
To sum it up, we'll be back!I'm growing increasingly tired of restaurants created by "groups" or owners who have several restaurants. They lack any semblance of inspiration or passion. They are, in a word, thinly disguised franchises: Garces, Stephen Star... Now Chip Roman's Treemont is just such a place. It's "paint by the numbers" cooking. Kind of a caricature of good food. It looks good, it sounds good, but when it arrives you realize it's entirely soulless. Chickpea fritters (actually croquettes) that are slightly oily, under seasoned, uninspired. Cured cobia that is a miniscule portion served in a precious manner, that looks good but where the vague flavors simply don't add up to a harmonious whole, clams and "cassoulet" that again is a sort of uninspired amalgam, a "sea bream" course that is pedestrian--adequate but bland. In sum, this is not a restaurant currently run by someone who cares about food but a place that is following a "how-to" blueprint for a hip menu. I want a chef with passion, who actually cares what comes out of his or her kitchen, who sits down and tastes through the food to see not only how it sounds and looks but also how it tastes.
I'll add that the wine list is, as is so often the case, badly overpriced and as completely uninspired as the food. 
Did I mention that for a light dinner for two it cost $220 with tip?
In sum, to the culinary mafia of Philadelphia, stop thinking about your bank accounts and start remembering why you started doing this in the first place.I am glad I waited to write a review for Treemont... My 1st experience there was less than stellar, mostly due to the service.
After my friend yelped about our experience, Treemont reached out to offer a free dinner to make up for our bad experience and prove their greatness. Unbelievable, right? Not only did they exceed expectations with this offer alone, but the 2nd go 'round was absolutely amazing.
From the service to the drinks to the food to the ambiance, Treemont is the best and a not-to-be-missed philly hot spot. Special shout out to the manager and the waiter, who kept us full and happy. And the Gnudi. I'm still not sure what it was but it was heavenly.
Highly recommend all to go to Treemont!Excellent staff and awesome food.  The hostess here is on point and our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and helped with out selections.  We went with some small plates and the salmon entree.  Top suggestions:  the gnudi and the chickpea fritters.  Also had a great blantons manhatten so hats off to the bartender.  All in, a great spot.Food: 4
Service / Hospitality: 5
Atmosphere: 4
I first came here when the place first opened (which was super exciting because I'm a long time fan of Blackfish). While the food then was amazing, I had a less than perfect experience. The restaurant was exceedingly gracious and called to say the next meal would be on them. 
I came back for restaurant week, certainly not expecting them to remember something that happened 9 months ago. After sitting down, they said the meal was on them. I am incredibly impressed. A restaurant that cares that much about a single review written 9 months ago, and follows through on their word is one I respect and will develop loyalty to.
The food is pretty good - I had the ricotta gnudi and braised short rib. Certainly no complaints, although I admit not particularly memorable (and why I give them a 4). Actually, last time I was here, I enjoyed the food more. 
Overall it was a great experience, and I'm sure I will be back!My friends and I came here for restaurant week.  I ordered the Ricotta Gnudi, Amish Chicken, and Sour Cream Pannacotta. 
The Gnudi was DELICIOUS.  I was debating over this and the chick pea fritters, and while the chick pea fritters were good, I'm so glad I chose the gnudi.   The chicken dish was good as well but nothing "special".  The chicken was cooked well.  The added pumpernickel was good.  But just felt like an average chicken dish.  The sour cream pannacotta was good.  My friend did rave about the chocolate cake option. 
Overall, not bad. not great.We have been waiting patiently for the restaurant to open after we found out that it was going to be another one of Chip Roman's restaurants. We finally had a chance to go in for a quick bite last night and it was as delicious as expected. We had the gnocchi and beef short ribs. For dessert, we had the rhubarb & strawberry with coconut mousse. Everything was cooked to perfection and service was amicable. The restaurant had a very nice ambience. Would have stayed longer for a few more drinks but was exhausted after a long week. Will definitely return. Highly recommended and you will not be disappointed!The Treemont is Chef Chip Roman's 4th fine dining restaurant in the Philly area (preceded by Blackfish, Mica, and Ela, all of which are standouts, and not to forget Tradestone Cafe)...
We went to the Friends & Family* opening on Sunday April 13th, but it was identical to what will be the opening menu for the public tomorrow on Monday April 14th.  I'll write up more details (see photos), but sufficed to say it was fantastic.  Particularly like the Foie Gras, and the melt-in-your-mouth veal tenderloin.
It is also one of the most attractive restaurants in Philly.
An interesting crowd was in attendance: Kevin Sbraga and his wife & kids, Drew Lazor, Jessie from Sbraga, Shola Olunloyo, Chip's wife and her girlfriend had the window seat, some regulars like Jeremy and Shelley that I recognized from Blackfish/Mica...
Note, in addition to the dining hours listed on this page, the bar is open 4:30PM-1:00AM, 7 days a week.  Small bar, but the cocktails were excellent.  They should do a good business being so close to the Academy of Music/Kimmel Center.
More background information:
http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/the-insider/Blackfishs-Chip-Roman-opening-The-Treemont-in-Center-City.html
*This was a "Friends & Family" event, so everything was complementary, except the tip.Great new addition to center city. Very nice winds list. Creative menu. Loved the skate wing, char grilled calamari and escargot. Definitely will return!the treemont was a beautiful space with friendly service. the manager continually came around to check on all the patrons, and when our drinks took slightly longer than they should have (really- not even a big deal), they gave us two extra desserts and took off the round of drinks! they truly went above and beyond and their space is great for a small group dinner.We went to the Treemont about a week or so after it opened. We arrived around 9pm on a Friday night and were seated right away.
The bar is beautiful; we sat near the windows and a cool breeze was blowing through. It was a really nice and romantic spot for a date. Our waitress was very professional and friendly.
We ordered the chick pea fritters and deviled eggs as appetizers. Both were good, and definitely were different from anything we've had before. For entrees my fiance got the gnocchi and i got the veal tenderloin. The gnocchi was delicious, and again, not what you'd expect. It was a bit chewier but had great flavor. The veal was AMAZING and definitely the stand out dish of the night in both of our opinions. It melted in your mouth and the whole dish delicious. The portions were just enough.  I look forward to returning!Came here for restaurant week and loved it! Great food and atmosphere. The gnudi was a big hit but the chicken-yes chicken- melted in my mouth. What else can I say? It was a 5 star meal for all at my table!I'm bucking the trend here.  And maybe, just maybe I expect more from Chip Roman than I've been getting lately with Blackfish falling in my opinion also.  It seems like he phoned it in at The Treemont, or at least when I was there.
For an appetizer, the six-hour cured Cobia, had wonderful texture.  However the red beet vinaigrette was more like beet sauce, there was no zip nor any bite to it.  What a waste of a terrifically prepared fish to just go naked tasting on the pallet.
The crispy skin on the Dorade (entree), how I love crispy skin, was the highlight of the dish.  The wheat-berries were cooked well, but little flavor.  The fish cooked perfect,  but other than the 2 caper-berries and 2 charred baby onions holding it's own, the flavor wasn't anywhere near above average like I expected.  I wasn't expecting "bursting" but at least "interesting".
A side of grilled cauliflower was oh so boring and tasteless.  The color and presentation was excellent though.  
Well, everything was presented well as is Chef Roman's forte.  
I did not want to disappoint myself further by ordering dessert.  
Service from Jameson behind the bar was excellent throughout the entire dinner, and his expert help and politeness was appreciated.Excellent food (the escargots appetizer and lamb entree are amazing), wonderful wine selection, great service, and lovely ambiance---highly recommended!!Last minute on a July Saturday night, it was perfect.  We had four apps.  (1) chick pea fritters, (2) gnudi, (3) cobia and (4) tuna. One side: charred beats.  Cheese dessert and cookie chocolate desserts.  We loved each and every thing.  Wines and beers were great too.  We had tried a lousy chain restaurant down the street just before going, so the contrast was exceptional.  This is a great option for Rittenhouse Square.  Service was fantastic and we look forward to trying the olives and the mains.  Great atmosphere (good date place).I've now dined at Treemont twice and cannot WAIT to go back.
I'll start with my favorite items: Brussel Sprouts, sour cream pannecotta, apple wood smoked salmon (blew my mind), lobster ravioli, pork loin..... 
I just listed everything I ate because they were all that good! The chickpea fritters (appetizer) were yummy. Additionally, they're gluten free although they're fried. They come with a really good dipping sauce!
Beautiful food presentation, accommodating and sweet staff, awesome beer list, and wine list. Glasses ($9-14) and bottles (wide range).
The ambiance is very nice. Upstairs can accommodate a large party, but there are also cozy spots for a romantic date. I really appreciate that their tables aren't too close together so you don't feel like you may as well dine with the table next you!
I plan on coming back, and definitely plan on trying their brunch menu.I have only been here for happy hour, but it was a nice place with friendly service. Generous pours of wine for $5, a bourbon cocktail for $5, and I think a beer special or two also. They even gave us free bread since our friend raved about how good it was. I'd definitely like to find my way back here soon.Atmosphere was very nice and service was excellent. Food, however, was very mediocre.With some colleagues in town from Yelp's San Francisco and New York offices, I knew I wanted to impress with my dinner selection. I rolled the dice with The Treemont, since I had never been, and it worked in my favor! 
We started at the bar with wine and cocktails. The complimentary popcorn is delicious! I could have happily munched on that all night long. But, we headed upstairs to our table and began our feast. To start, chickpea fritters, charred squid and squid ink gnudi. The fritters were light and fun, the squid worked really well with everything else on the plate, but the gnudi with brown butter and raisins were off. the. hook. I wouldn't think twice about ordering that dish again. And not sharing.
My dining companions seemed very happy with their fluke entrees. I went with the strip steak and was surprised to receive two large hunks of beef instead of, well, sliced strips of steak. I would have preferred the latter. I really liked the barley and mushrooms on the plate, and the red wine sauce was nice. I thought this dish went well with the lemony crushed potatoes. 
While I didn't partake in the desserts, they went over well with our group. I'm interested to see the next version of the menu and I'd definitely like to return.The first thing I noticed about The Treemont was its chic interior, like something out of an Upper East Side restaurant in New York. My friend Chris W and I had drinks at the bar in the past, so we felt it was time to dine at this remarkable place. Chef Chip Roman had cut his teeth in such fine dining establishments as Blackfish, Mica, and Ela. His newest residency has dishes displaying elements from all of them. My dorade, two tender filets that reminded me of sea bass, was tender, flaky, and oh so juicy. The combination of veggie crunch, quinoa chew, foam bubbles, and cream with the dorade was a wonderful titillation of the senses. Chris' pork loin was brilliant comfort food made to look elegant. Chef Roman definitely channeled Chef Daniel Stern with that dish. The cavatelli with lamb ragu was another winner with tender slow-cooked lamb enhancing the flavors of a delicious pasta dish.