You've gotta give The Blockley Pourhouse credit for having concerts and giving a damn in a neighborhood that sorely needs such establishments. The food's okay, they have a handful of good beers, and for a decently loud rock concert, the sound can be good.
On the other hand, the room is oddly set up, with far more room to either side of the stage than in front of the stage (especially when the bar is busy). Not only is this problematic at crowded concerts, but quiet, more sparsely attended concerts have to compete with bar noise very directly. Moreover, the scene can be extremely fratty/bro-y, and on a night when there isn't a concert, the Blockley comes off as an odd mix of a nightclub and a sports bar, especially with their giant TVs.
Actually, I should note that this is probably a pretty decent place to watch a sporting event.
Finally, as another review has mentioned, they have a pretty limited tap selection for a place that calls itself a "Pourhouse", and the bottle list isn't exactly inspiring, either. There are a couple of good local brews, yes, but, well, they should simply have a greater number of quality beers from which to choose. They've indicated to me that they're working to diversify the selection, so let's hope!This is one of my favorite University City bars. If you've read my other reviews, then you know that I am not a fan of the Penn undergrad crowd. Blockley baffles me in its lack of Penn-y-ness. It's only a block off-campus, but is almost entirely devoid of the frat bros and heeled girls that plague Smoke's and Blarney. 
Reasons I love Blockley:
-$1 mixed drinks on Thursdays.
- awesome live music. I've caught a few of my favorite local bands there in the past few months, and it's a great setting for shows. 
- good drink specials.
- great crowd. It's usually a mix of Drexel students, locals, and people there to see whatever show is going on. 
- it's a big place, so even if there's a big crowd you have space to move around and get to the bar.
- so many stalls in the bathroom! Bathrooms can make or break a place for me (I hate those bars with one bathroom. Seriously??). Also there's a bathroom attendant in the ladies' room, and some assorted toiletries to use, which I think is just plain cool. 
So go! You'll have fun.This is my favorite music venue in Philadelphia. 
I've worked as an live-music photographer a bunch in Philadelphia and NYC and this is the most intimate feel I've ever had at a venue, working or not. They have really good acoustics in the place and the stage is only slightly raised. It feels like you're on it.
Bar staff is friendly and its a great atmosphere. Haven't been there for anything but a show, but they do it right and get great bands in the process. Bravo, the Blockley. Bravo.I saw Charlie Hunter and John Scofield Band. I thought the place as fine. The music was crystal clear. I suggest getting to the show early and grabbing one of the high tables on the side of the stage. You can sit high and see the band with out being right in front of the stage.
They have good selection of beers and the night I went the bartenders were moving fast so I did not have to wait long.Yes, the bathrooms are cool. Yes, it's a new music venue and bar in UCity.
I just am not feeling it. 
I went for Dining Days with a bunch of friends, and the food was pretty good. As far as bars go, I can't really see myself hanging out there. It's a little TOO big. Maybe it's because it's the slow season and it's so new, but it felt empty. Big and empty. 
I suppose they have a decent selection on tap. I got a cosmo that night and it was definitely made from a mix. That's cool, I guess, but don't charge me $7 for it.
This place gave me weird vibes. Maybe it was because I had a bad day at work, but I still don't really see this as my go to bar.I'm sorry. I just can't get into the Blockley.
Sure, the food's good. It's just SO BIG and bro-y. It's not comfortable.
If R5 really starts booking shows here, I'll give it another shot. 
Until then, no thanks.I enjoy going to the Blockley every once in a while. Definitelhy a cool place to go if anyone with any musical acclaim is playing. For such a small place, they can get some pretty decent names. Not to mention that a lot of great local bands frequent this place. I mean, in terms of the venue itself, there's really no sugar coating it, it's just a bar with some space for standing. But the music selection keeps it a frsh place to go for a show.Was at the Blockley Thursday evening and witnessed an unacceptable situation perpetrated by the very large AA bouncer at the club.  A student was coming in the door and he came across the room and questioned the authenticity of her drivers license.  Rather than taking the license, or rejecting her entry to the club, or calling the police, he told her he was going to keep the license and she must pay him $50 in cash to get it back or he would call the police..  She was very upset and was crying and told him she did not have $50.  He told her to get her friends to pony up the money or he would call the police.  She did this and he gave her the license back and kept the money.   The other bouncers witnessed what he was doing and just laughed or smiled when walking by.  This was clearly blackmail and/or extortion.   The response of the other bouncers indicate it is a common occurrence and business as usual.  He should be fired.  I would never go back to that club when they tolerate their employees abusing the patrons that way.Okay, I know. Blockley is trashy. BUT GIMME A MINUTE.
So, I never really did the bar-going experience. Now, in my third year of  college, I let some guys take me out and show me what it is to go dancing at bars and get trashed. IF THAT IS YOUR SCENE, OR YOU WANT TO GIVE IT A GO, BLOCKLEY MIGHT BE FOR YOU.
Free jello shots available most of the night, and Thursday is college night. For this, there's usually a 10 dollar open bar 8-10, and 10-12 or 10-2 is specials on wells and cherry/grape drops. I've seen wells at either 1 or 2 dollars, and cherry drops at 4. One night my friend bought mine and his drinks and spent a whopping 8 dollars, and we came home pretty tipsy.
There's dancing and glowing things and they will try to coax you onto the bar if you are a girl... I don't recommend it.
It's kind of dirty feeling there, but the bathrooms are nice. There's coat check, and your coats aren't very safe if you keep them on the tables, but I always risk it. But there's no cover and sometimes live music, so it's a fun time to try crazy things? But I definitely recommend going with friends, and maybe pregaming.
Cheap, loud dancing atmosphere, lots of promo nights with university students and photographers, and an easy way to get drunk. But trashy.I don't really go there to drink, but I definitely go there to eat. Their burgers are AMAZING, and when I ask for medium-rare, they actually serve it to me medium-rare, which is something pretty... rare. :) They also have great specials throughout the week.
The place is big enough to have great dance parties, but since not that many people go there, it feels too big and empty and awkward.
But the food is SO FREAKING GOOD.Great place! It was my first time to The Blockley and the security staff was very nice. I came for an EDM event that was set to begin at 9pm but they weren't letting people in yet due to whatever the reason. Finally after 9, we were finally allowed to be let in. Very friendly atmosphere. I def come here again if more EDM events were held here.I honestly haven't heard of the Blockley until recently, but I'm hooked! They have an amazing line up of shows with the most unique line up of bands I've ever seen. Anything from Hip-hop to bluegrass to jam bands to electronica they seriously have everything! Not to mention the staff are just really down to earth awesome people-I always have a good time when I go there.The Blockley is a place I do love. $1 mixed drinks til midnight on Thursdays (ahem, the night i went) with some great rap music to dance to. There are also ridiculously good shows, like for my friend's birthday we went on Saturday to a kinda hefty cover, but dubstep MAYHEM. There's even a sidecar with 2 dolla high lifes. Regardless, this place stays cheap when it comes to drinks, and you will definitely leave sweaty...maybe even with somebody.
...and if you're not having fun, you can watch some sportscenter on their tvsThe Blockley has an assortment of different kinds of live music. The place is a decent size for a music venue, and you can get in there for a good price. The ticket office is very slow, and the bartenders sometimes get swamped. They are doing a great job, but feel like some nights might need an extra two just to suffice. It is worth it to come see a band here and will return shortly!The televisions are way too high for anyone sitting at the bar. Oh, and if the home team is in the World Series, and nearly all your patrons are there for the game, reschedule the bands.
One more thing: if "Pourhouse" is in your name, have more than a half dozen or so beers on tap.Nice drama-free atmosphere. Drinks are a little expensive so you may want to have a few before you come. The music selection was great. I had never even heard of this place until my childhood girlfriend had a party here. Parking is a little sucky bit i found off street metered parking for 6 bucks which is great for city parking and definately beats garage parking pricesGreat space for live shows.  Laid back and plenty of viewing space.  SAD STORY THEY'RE CLOSED!I like the Blockley a lot. They have a good mixture of shows, cheap tickets and a loud sound system. It can get crowded for big shows so expect to wait a little for your next drink or to get in the door if that is the case. 
They have a lot of craft beer on draft as well as standards like rolling rock and pbr. You can definitely have a fun night here and not leave with a hole in your wallet from the bar. There are plenty of bathrooms so even when it is busy there is rarely a line. 
I had one awful experience here, being hit in the face by a hula hoop (very hard, I had cuts on my face) which makes me a little nervous every time I go back, but it seems like they aren't letting as many nonprofessional hoopers in so that is a big plus for me. 
I have been here 5-6 times in the last few months that I can remember, and will continue to frequent this venue. Also parking on the street is always pretty easy to find in addition to it being fairly close to my house.Hi, if you weren't already just a drunk college scene, Wanna Drink Promotions made sure you went off the deep end.
I used to come here and it wasn't so bad. Then came Wanna Drink Promotions founder's birthday, with the bikini contest, crude questions and humor, and flashing.
Then I came last week for $5 rum and coke pitchers. But you were out of pitchers. I handed you an empty one from the bar. "We can't use that," as you handed WDP founder a pitcher of tequila something.
And the fabulous WDP controls the bar scene all night, telling girls to get on the bar, take of their dresses, dance on the stage with their drinks and take off their tops. Sanctioned, with microphone, "take off your tops, ladies..."
Ugh. You're so gross.I was here once for Erin Express 2010. They had the open bar.. it was our first stop and what a great choice that was. it was crowded at the end of the day but in the morning you could always grab a drink and the bartenders were really nice the entire time..
they had free food here and there and they also sold hot dogs and some other stuff, which didnt seem worth it but during erin express you need some carbs here and there.
i have never been back for music or just for the heck of it... its not on my to do list anytime soon since i graduated from college and this is def. a college bar!I fucking love  Blockley.  It opened the last year I was at Penn and it never got quite the hype of Drinker's West, which is unfortunate.  I thought it deserved a hell of a lot more credit than it got.  
The place is fucking monstrous.  You could fit a full time band on the stage and still have room for a breakdance fight or five.  It's new and fresh looking, but like I said, way, way too big for the number of people that actually come here.  The bathrooms are classy as fuck, and it's probably one of like three bars I would ever consider taking a shit in.
The food is something else.  It's fast, tasty as hell, and cheap.  Burgers are ridiculously good, but try everything - they have appetizer specials all the time in an effort to get people in the door.  Fuck Drinker's, go to BlockleyI quite literally stumbled upon this place after work today.. and Hoegaarden was having a promo event, so the food was free, I got myself a free beer, and lion's head was 2 dollars a bottle.  It was amazing.  If I could end every day like this.. I would be in heaven.  This place is creepily big.  It reminds me of a dance hall ish place... but I was there way too early to dance.  It seems like it has potential as a place to boogie.  The food was tasty, and not just because it was free. I would return after 9 pm.  They were playing the mtv europe awards, which showed me that they have a sense of humor. heh.. 
The bar is HUUUUUUUGE and there is NO MINIMUM for credit card puchases... which is a big +++ for me since I don't really carry cash. :)I've been here for a bunch of shows, some better than others, but I do know that it is a great place to see a show.  As a young adult- I love the fact that they let bands play til almost 2am.  Beers aren't terrible either- $5 or $6 for a craft beer.It's hard for me to write a review so incongruent with the rest of the reviews, given that I usually tend to err on the side of positivity. But, I can't do so this time. I had a pretty substandard experience at Blockley.
First the upsides: the food was delicious. I couldn't believe how fantastic the maple ginger wings were. They were very large, and perfectly cooked. My wife had a Greek pita wrap, which she enjoyed.
The downsides: first off, for lunch anyway, it feels like service is an afterthought. The bartender waited on the tables and tended bar at the same time. While he was a nice guy, he never brought us plates for our appetizers, and then he made what I consider to be the cardinal sin of the food service industry: he didn't tell us until AFTER WE HAD FINISHED that the credit card machine was down. His suggestion: "we have an ATM." Result: $3 in fees to crummy ATM + $1.50 in fees to my bank. Given that I am allergic to fees of any kind, this killed me. He really should have told us before we ordered.
Needless to say, as I don't think my heart can handle another round of gargantuan ATM fees, we won't be coming back.I have been to the Blockley for a number of shows in the past few years and have always had an awesome time. They book some great performers and the atmosphere is just right. It is not overwhelming and more intimate than I have found other music venues in Philly to be. Plus, there is plenty of room to dance, which is important. On top of that the drinks are good and the people who work there are very friendly.My review is a little bit different as I didn't get a chance to eat.  From my experience it was more of a bar rather than a place I would see myself eating quality food but I also went later in the night.    They were charging a $5 cover charge which was ok considering I got a free drink coupon when I entered.  The draft selection was good with Yards, Stoudts, Victory and about 21 others.  I stayed for 3 beers and chatted with a friend while the crowd started to die out shortly before 11.  I assume they were all there for the opening special that night from 9-10pm.  Good beer selection but overall, nothing too exciting.I think once they get over their opening jitters this could be a great place--but for what we got it was just OK.  
Food: The fries with crab and cheese sauce were good, if a little over-peppered and under-salted.  I had a Cobb salad which was great, husband had the BLT, also good.  Our sweet but far too overly attentive server brought us some complimentary peanut brittle, which was incredibly good!   
Drink:  Disappointing!  No local or craft beer, no beer list, the best thing they had was Sam Adams and Guiness.  Local 44 this is not.
Service:  Well, they seem to be going for a classier Hooters look? Very scantily clad waitresses--makes it feel like much more of a sports bar than a pub.  Our server had her heart in the right place but didn't know much about the menu and checked on us every three to five minutes.
Atmosphere:  Like I said, more of a sports bar with good food than anything else.  
To sum up:  go in a week or two when they smooth out the kinks.  Good food, poor beer selection, inexperienced service.  Can't speak to the entertainment or night crowd since we went for lunch.Nice open layout with a central bar and stage.  The fries with cheese sauce and (real, not canned) crab were outstanding, and the cobb salad was superb.  The chicken BLT 'N A sandwhich had a nice smokey flavor to it, but parts of it were a bit overly blackened.  I assume once the kitchen hits its stride that will get better.  Service was excellent, if a bit over-eager.  All-in-all, this place is very promising.I've now been here three times, each for a happy hour. Last night one of my friends remarked, "it's hard to believe that there are actually people that consider a place like this fun." Cheap beer, music, lots of space, and rich but well-prepared food. After they cranked up the volume, I asked the bartender if he could turn it down a bit. He told me that it would only be getting louder once the DJ showed up. The "DJ" was in fact just some guy with a laptop and a mixer; he wasn't horrible, but wasn't wonderful. Not worth a cover though. After an hour and a half of yelling over the music to talk, my throat is sore today.I went for a show to watch The National Rifle play.  We ordered the:
Jerk Chicken with Rice
Since we got there early, I had an opportunity to talk to the cooks. They were making food for themselves at the time. I was drooling over what they were eating, and they were kind enough to offer cooking it for me even though it was off- menu.  
It looked innocent enough, but wow, was the chicken spicy! Though it was very juicy and tender, so I kept eating it. The scallions were a nice touch. However, I could tell they were scraping the end of the rice pot because with eat bite I got hard crunchy pieces of over cooked grains.
Chesapeake Bay Fries
This was sprinkled with cheddar, crab meat, and chopped scallions. The fries themselves were perfectly crisp and salted, the crab meat however smelled and tasted very fishy. Funny, the only food that shouldn't smell like what it is.
Checkout pictures and more on my blog!I went here last night for dinner and to watch the Phillies game. I was expecting the same random bar/pub scene that you get anywhere. However I was pleasantly surprised. 
First a list of the positives: 
1. The food. Not your typical bar food. The group I was with decided to get 4 separate meals and sampled each plate. Every plate was really good. Each plate had a large portion of food as well. Even the appetizers where large enough to be considered for your normal meal. 
2. Another benefit of eating here is that everything on the menu is $15 and under. They also have a lot of specials daily where things are even cheaper (Buy 1 get 1 free, etc). I ate a large meal and had a few beers for just over $20. 
3. They have a large beer selection. It is by no means like a beer garden. But it is not suppose to be. Still a good selection. 
4. The wait staff and bartenders all seem nice and helpful. 
5. They have several TVs over the bar to watch whatever. While we were there they gladly turned the channel for us. Don't know if you would always get that, but it is nice. 
Downsides: 
1. Although it could become a positive the place is very large. And when there aren't a lot of people in there it can seem to big. 
2. It is pretty dark and dungeon like at times. Again if lots of people are in there it may be different, but without it can feel dark. 
3. Location. If you are a UPenn student it isn't a bad location. If you aren't that is a different story. 
Overall a good establishment that seems promising. I don't know if they will continue to do all the specials if they establish themselves, but take advantage of them in the meantime. Definitely worth checking out for dinner and/or drinks.I've been to this spot through its many reincarnations over the years.  Currently its The Blockley, which has a cool back story if you go to the website.  I was here in December for a Winter Beer Fest which was great.  This bar is huge and has an extra room with a secondary bar, so there really weren't any lines for the beer, just for the food.
Most recently, I stopped in for a pre-Night Market drink.  I got to University City a little early and it was super hot, so I didn't want to wait for my friend outside.  It was pretty empty besides a few people who also looked like they were waiting for the Night Market, so I don't think this place gets much of a Happy Hour crowd.
The bartender was pleasant, my beer was $5, would not make a special trip here, but would come back for an event or for live music.The Blockley is the ultimate music venue of Philadelphia and hands down my favorite place to catch live music.  While other venues like the electric factory and TLA focus on gaining a large audience, The Blockley with its 750 max occupancy gives its crowd a more intimate and closer up expereicne with whatever band is performing.  
The staff at blockley is as friendly as it gets and they always make sure your cup is full!  Unlike other venues where trying to get a beer can be the quite the journey, the bar at The Blockley is conveniently located in the middle of the venue making it very easy to access from any location in the room.
Their ticket prices are always fair and the bands/musicians they attract are always talented and pretty well known for the most part. 
 Don't forget to download The Blockley app!  Cheers to The Blockley!They do deserve some credit for getting good bands - that's the one star. Please fix your slippery hard concrete floor. Not cool standing in a packed crowded bar when your feet and back kill. Good amount of bathroom stall so no lines (second star) - overall questionable crowd on some nights.Hugh space. We had an event there. The food was quite good. Egg rolls, mini burgers, and asian chicken fingers. Other than that everything was like anywhere else. Nothing really stood out.A new bar in University City? Fantastic!
I checked this place out on a Friday night, as I had just found out about it through mutual friends.  
As this place is only two weeks old at the time of this writing, it right now is a place full of potential. I liked how there was lots of space for actual dining (I didn't sample the food, but my friends seemed to really like the burgers)., and the bar seems to be pretty expansive. 
They also have a great selection of beer on draft (Yards, Blue Moon etc) and I found the service at both our table and the bar to great.  
I also found our servers to be very friendly, and they even filled us in on the history and the plans for this bar-certainly were cute, but not scantily clad (to counter the previous reviewer). Look for live bands to be playing here from Sunday-Wednesday, with ample drink specials to boot.
I definitely am excited about another bar that is starting to boost commercial development towards 38th and Market, and will plan on checking this place out again in the near future.Good: Live music, good bands, some drink specials, location.
Bad: Owner and staff is not customer service oriented, actually the customer service is really bad. Short tempered staff. Bartenders can conveniently forget the specials and overcharge, then give you the stink eye for calling them on it. It also takes a long time to get a drink.
Been there 5 times, 1 out of 5 was a blast and that is because my friend suffered getting the drinks.Went for the first time last week, and about to head over again tonight. It's still new and finding its feet, but I think this place has great potential.
It's good for groups- large tables (and relatively few people know about it so far)!
Beers are tap are ok, nothing out of this world, and service gets a bit spotty once the music starts. One other quibble is that because they're new the wait-staff didn't know a whole lot about the menu, but they'll learn.
The sandwich I had was FANTASTIC, and I will be really sad if I can't get that tonight... I was trying to look up the name on their website and it's not listed. It was something like the Veggie Hot Brown? Texas toast heaped with roasted peppers, mushrooms, asparagus, sun-dried tomato and avocado, and smothered in a super-rich cheese sauce. Wow- amazing.Fantastic venue in University City.  There's a great staff who love to have a good time, and they pull in such a diverse crew of acts, you're always in for a pleasant surprise.  Watch out for that CP character!!!I'm not sure what i was expecting, but this wasn't it. It is a concert venue with a few random tables and a bar in the middle. The menu was overly ambitious and the food was terrible. The waitress forgot half of our meal and brought it out when we finished the rest of our food. The beer selection was better than most bars, but seriously lacking given it's 'pourhouse' name. I give it one star for taking over a vacant spot in University City and one star for having half-decent beer selection.I came here on a Tuesday night and was overwhelmed by the band! Brass Heaven, the regular tuesday nola jazz band was undeniably fantastic. Sadly there wasn't much of a crowd but I had a great time grooving with a smile on my face for a solid 2 hours. Bar's alright but the music was what made it for me!My trip to the Blockley this past weekend was a back-and-forth kind of experience - positive in the end but with some really strong pulls toward awesome and terrible, rather than just OK down the board.
Google had their address listed as 3801 Chestnut St., so it cost me a dollar donation to a homeless guy for directions up the street. Cover charge was cheap, $7 for two bands (and one of them a rockin' Grateful Dead cover band!). 
The money saved at the door was quickly spent on expensive drinks; a barely-16 oz plastic cup of Allagash was $5, and later a Tanqueray & tonic was $7. I saw people with cans of Bud Light, which was probably the cheapest way to drink, and to which I say no thank you. Service was slow (bad bar customers taking a full 60 seconds to buy a beer), but then I found the secret side bar and suddenly service was super fast. Then everyone else found it and I was back to square one.
Good luck getting to the bathroom. You have to go around the front and through the under-21 section, and if you do it otherwise you get yelled at by the assholes standing guard over the underagers. I didn't but my lady friend did, and I don't like people yelling at her. And in the meanwhile, the dude working the entrance was one of  the nicest bouncers I've ever met.
Three stars overall. I can understand why you'd have an awesome time here, just as easily as I can imagine coming here and having a terrible time.Went on a weeknight. The food is ok for a bar.  A few things put us off though:
1) It was the end of UC Dining Days and they wouldnt serve anything off the prix fixe menu a la carte.  2) My Sam Adams draft tasted like bud mixed with sugar. 3) There were flies buzzing all over and landing on our food. 4) My friend ordered the $4 wild turkey special and was asked if he wanted it on the rocks; he said yes.  Turns out that the ice incurs a $2 upcharge that the server didn't tell us about until it appeared on the bill.  Oops.
I'm glad the space is being used for something that has the potential to be greater than Koko or Brownie's, but I kind of doubt I'd want to go back for a meal.  Oh, in reference to the comments below about what the servers wear, however you define "scantily" is up to you but there was definitely some tight t-shirt/short shorts action when we were there.Great place to see a show. It was crowded but not overly crowded and I found space to dance. They had a good variety of draft beers but I never bought one so I'm not sure how much they charged. Bathroom had neat stall doors and a nice attendant. The sound was pretty good too. They have a few good artists coming through and I would definitely go here all the time if I lived in Philly.My sister and I ate here for University City Dining Days. $25 for 4 courses is a great deal, especially since the food exceeded my expectations. I thought it would just be pub grub, but it was a bit more gourmet. I had the lobster pierogies with pickled onions (small portion, but that was great considering how much more food was coming).  I "helped" my sister eat her Chesapeake fries - WAY better than the crab fries at other places - this actually had chunks of crab on it! Then came the strawberry almond salad - delicious and not overwhelming. She had the Jersey corn chowder and it came with the large friend scallop floating in it. Not too salty, but a bit too much with the breading. I used to be skeptical about fruit in my spinach salads, but theirs was enjoyable with the vinaigrette dressing complementing it well. Then the main course: BBQ honey shrimp with bacon over asparagus and corn. Just the right size with about 5 jumbo shrimp. The honey BBQ sauce was a bit off, but the bacon and shrimp together worked well. The service was good, a bit young, but I guess the place just opened and the nearby school's are on summer break.  The decor is pretty plain, but clean (I think it used to be Brownies) - all black pretty much. The large tables with benches are great if you have a big group. There's also TVs around the bar area.Too many greatful dead inspired bands. Food is great though. Friendly staff.There aren't many reasons for me to head into University City, but the Blockley is certainly one of them.  I really don't have a bad thing to say about it. I started going here about a year ago and have been going back at least once a month. The people that work there are so music oriented that it feels like home. They always happen to book some awesome performers as well as some legends (Most recently I saw the Jerry Garcia band). There is plenty of room to get your groove on and the drinks are well worth the price, aka they aren't stingy on the liquor!
This is the type of place that if you go enough, the employees will remember your face. I always see the same crowd of people certain nights and it is definitely a friendly and lax atmosphere. As the long as the blockley is there, I will most certainly keep coming back.Good: Since my last review, all the good stuff still applies. Live music, good bands, some drink specials, location.
What got better: The customer service and attitude. They have real redbull now too!
Bad: They seem to not have any stouts when I'm there.
Tip: Some bands charge a high cover, $20 or more, while others can be as low as $8. In addition the websites for the blockley and bands are not always up to date so give yourself a cash cushion.
Gone there several more times to see bands. The Blockley redeemed themselves.This is the worst bar I have ever been to in the City of Philadelphia. The crowd there was so rude and obnoxious it was as if everyone had this super ego feeling of entitlement. I was constantly getting bumped into, not your average bum, the purposeful I'm going to run into you because I can bum. 
While standing at the bar talking to my boyfriend all of the sudden a bartender comes up and clears my half full drink off the bar, throws it away and walks away before I have a chance to say anything. I understand wanted to clean off the bar especially when it is crowded, but not even asking if I'm finished? REALLY?
Here's the worst part - The bouncer were super rude basically kicking everyone out on their asses and yelling "GO HOME!" I'm sorry but I'm not wasted and I'm adult do not yell at me!
This place doesn't even deserve 1 star!Hated this place. I went for the "Let's Dance" event, which was supposed to be a tribute to David Bowie. The bands were AWWWWWFUL. The opener band wasn't even a band... they were School of Rock kids. Choose another time for that crap, big fans wanna see better shit than that. It was just really bad. On top of that there wasn't even Yuengling there. My friend had to spend $6 bucks for 1 pint of lager. I had to spend the same on Stoli mixed drink that was worth more like $4. 
That being said, this was the only time I went. I've never gone on a week day during happy hour, but this place regardless seemed uber hipster, stuffy, and overpriced. It's not a big venue.As bar-restaurants go, this place is stellar. The large beer selection is a huge plus, and the appetizers/bar-food is delicious. Innovative and clever, too... curried onion rings? Brilliant. 
The entrees left a bit to be desired, but I imagine their menu will change a bit as they really get rolling. I can't recommend the soft-shelled crab sandwich (which was literally a whole fried crab between buns... hilarious, but not so delicious), although my friend loved his pulled-pork sandwich. 
Overall? I'm a fan.I went here a few week ago to see my friends band.  Turnout was fairly light, as the Eagles were playing the Giants that sunday night.  I'm always interested in a new performance venue in Philly, since so many or our live music destinations are hole in the wall type places.
Blockley is in kind of an odd location, a bit off the beaten path of University City.  I was initially surprised that it is quite big inside.   The room is very open, with 2 raised seating areas with large tables and benches,  and a long, 2 sided bar.  There's also a substantial stage that looked like it might convert to seating, and a lot of standing room.
As a performance venue, I found that the sound was pretty good, but they did't really have the lighting you'd expect for a medium sized venue.  I bet they could fit 200-300 people inside, and would love to see the get some high profile acts in.
They had a good selection of beer on tap, with some local brewers represented.  The bottle list was mostly domestics.  The menu looked intereresting, but they were out of rolls that night, so much of the menu was out of play.  They offered to serve it atkins style, but that didn't really work for me.  I ended up having the jerk chicken nuggets, which were good, but not what I expected.  They were a plate of marinated chicken chunks, with a mango salsa.  Good, but not really the finger food I was looking for.
I'd like to go back there on a busy night to see what it looks like bustling.  It has a good college bar feel with the bench tales and the open space.  I hope they start booking more live shows, because it seems like a great music venue.Been here twice. Once for happy hour and another for a Penn sponsered event. 
Drinks are a bit pricey but they tend to be heavy on the liquor so it's a tossup. Large space which hosts many different bands regularly. Nothing amazing or someplace i'd automatically choose for a night out. I'd come again if I was invited I guess.I've been to many a show here back in the days when it was The Chestnut Cabaret. It's still a great place to see live music, and the bartenders seem to do a good job keeping up.
The reason for one star: The box office is staffed by a bunch of idiots! The last 4 times we've been here, had to stand in line for 30 to 40 minutes each time. It's really bizarre, because all they have to do is take your money and make change. However they move so slow and take minutes to just get one person to pay and in the door.
Selling tickets is not rocket science - the management clearly seems not to care about moving the line in a speedy manner. It's just takes a desire to acknowledge the problem and retrain your box office staff. Come on Blockley management - get with the program!I went to the Blockley at the suggested of a friend of mine named Macy,  a true girl about town. She said there was a band playing there called The Balkan Beatbox, and knowing me, she said I would really dig them. And I certainly dug them.  If you didn't know, the Blockley used to be called the Chestnut Cabaret back in the day.
 The blockley is a little smaller than the Chestnut,  but it is a very nice venue with a great sound system. The bar is well stocked with lots of great beer selections. There is plenty of great seating and a long bar to sit at while  viewing a show. The bathrooms are clean and they are attended. The staff is very friendly, even the security. The opening band was very good with a huge horn section. I recognized a few local musicians on stage. Balkan music is a mixture of all cultures in the Balkan Peninsula, Israeli, Arab, Turkish and Roma (Gypsy) And a dose of good old american hip hop fused quite nicely. The headliner act was slammin! I really enjoyed the song "I'm a terrorist" LMAO!! I enjoyed the show with a friend I met on Yelp. She admired my reviews and we met for the first time that evening. ( the power of Yelp!). Upon Leaving the venue, a nice guy who works next door at Jolly's Dueling Pianos gave me 6 free drink tickets! Guess where my next great review will be?The fact that the owners were able to turn the infamous spot that used to house such disasters as Koko Bongo into something fantastic is enough to merit due recognition. But due to the potential that I instantly noticed when I hit up The Blockley's preview unveiling (what can I say McThrill has his resources) I can see it being a place that should live up to that recognition for years to come.
By day and night The Blockley is a bar & restaurant that hooks up a menu that as nothing over $15. But despite that it manages to hook up amazing offerings like poutine with short ribs and caramelized onions, jerk chicken nuggets with pineapple chutney, bangers and mash with wild boar sausage, and a New England Clam Roll. But by night it's huge stage comes to life and hooks up local music, and dance nights provided by the likes of the Strawberry Mansion DJ's.
There could be some tricky things to overcome. It will probably be hard to order food when the entertainments going strong, and things like the stage could interfere with drawing in the serious dinner crowd. But the owners are fully prepared to win people over with the menu, entertainment, amazing drink specials, 24 taps, and then some!  and since they also plan on opening a smaller scale gastropub, called Mary Oaks, directly next door come August/September, It looks like The Blockley is only the beginning.Todd Henkin (of The Great Unknown), Josh Park, Thom McCarthy, and Jonah Delso together made for an awesome night of local musical talent. Highlights include Todd bringing out the harmonica since he was performing sans band and Thom's mimicry of the trumpet that received many accolades including "Ya, trump on shawty!!" As far as the place goes as a music venue though, maybe they could partition off some of the unused dining space during a show so the place doesn't feel quite so...cavernous? Spelunking is not the most intimate of endeavors. 
The food was surprisingly great for the low price points. Shocking really. And not only are there lunch specials, a happy hour, and a rotating list of nightly deals, but the menu also includes a fair list of all-day-every-day discounted items as well. Pretty sweet if you ask me. $4 Jack Daniels and a mac cheese later and I was a pretty happy kid. 
I foresee this place making a few gains in the popularity department and becoming even better. So I'll catch a falling star and put it in my pocket for the time being. Perhaps it will get tacked up there after a future visit.It was my first time at The Blockey Pourhouse.  I recently saw Beth Hart there and I was surprised by how comfortable the space is for a live show.  Many music/pourhouses are not built around the music stage and sound system.  The Blockley Pourhouse provides a great space for live music.  It also has the most amazing bar I've even seen.  It is a dramatic center piece to an inviting venue that I would recommend to any music lover.  I didn't try any of the food but with the impressive care the owners have taken on providing quality music and comfortable ambiance, I bet it's great!!  The staff was also very friendly and helpful.  The Blockely Pourhouse - A great night out!  JHSWhen I first reviewed The Blockley I marveled over the prospect of a new bigger Music Venue in Philly and liked the look of their food menu. But since that time I've found its concert lineup to be one of the more confusing And haven't really had the time to enjoy their food in the way I thought I would.
The Blockley does have a good stage space and incredible sound when it has the right people setting it up But when it comes down to it its show schedule is all over the place, and not really in the good way. Being in University City it does get a lot of Sublime and Grateful Dead/Phish influenced bands that aren't always the greatest. And there's also a mish mash of all over the place cover bands, hip hop acts, local Philly acts, and national acts who are brand new or old enough that there shows haven't been picked up by more well known venues. It gets so many different kinds of shows to the point that it really doesn't have much of an identity. And what they bring in palls in comparison to what venues like Johnny Brenda's Kung Fu Necktie, Union Transfer, and Underground Arts bring in on a consistent basis.
Still I have been to some good shows, especially from local acts like The Extraordinaires and West Philly Orchestra. But I've also been some All Ages shows that were confusing to figure out do to how they've cut off the lines between the 21+ and younger crowd. While I'll likely be back, it would have to be for a standout show that REALLY catches my interest.