Went here for restaurant week + happy hour and ordered the following:
1. Dollar oysters - better than those from Oyster House! Really good deal for $1 each
2. Olde Dock Street Oyster Stout - I've had better but not bad
3. Oysters Belmont - a better version of Oysters Rockefeller; love the manchego in it!
4. Steak Oscar - what won me over was the crab hollandaise which was a nice addition to the usual steak dish
5. S'mores verrine - not bad, not too sweet, just right (not great either)
Love the ambiance as well! Service was impeccable. Will be back.Not that great. We stopped in for cocktails after dinner and neither was that good. The service was slow - despite several people standing around, they apparently did not help each other and the person taking care of us was nowhere to be seen. The bar wasn't very busy either. I'd been wanting to try this place but was pretty let down.Well that was a surprising and lovely evening... The raw platter with the shrimp and cocktails centered by lobster was perfect for two.  Very fresh, simple, elegant.  The $5 house Chardonnay was perfect... With a slight vanilla under tone that complemented the seafood!  Good evening out with an old friend... Best thing I can do is say thank you!!Really disappointing experience. We decided to start our Friday night here and we were excited to check out this place. We sat at the bar since there were only two other groups there. We asked about the food options and the bartender informed us that the kitchen was closed. This is where the staff was flawed: instead of a quick apology and taking our drink order, they instead told us to go someplace else down the street to eat. We had to explain to them that we were here for their drinks and that eating wasn't our main priority. It was surprising that a nearly empty bar on a Friday night would actually send away customers instead of trying to keep their business. We stayed and ordered one round since this interaction made us feel unwelcome. 
I ordered the pepper pot - delicious! If you like a peppery-ginger taste, then order this!!
The two bartenders spoke to the other two small groups at the bar - instead of us, so after finishing our first round we asked for the bill. Only once I put on my coat did someone come over and ask how I enjoyed my drink. I raved about it because I've never had anything like it. It's strange that the staff didn't recognize that a simple conversation with their patrons would have kept us there for one more round - increasing their business.
We typically look for bars that have great mixologists because we enjoy the interaction with them and their conversation. I would understand being ignored IF they were busy, but not under these circumstances.Fish house punch
Wine
Miller beer on draft $3
French fries
A dozen oysters
Came here for happy hour.  The oysters were bland but worth a buck a piece 
Everything else was okay. The bar has a nice ambianceLet's see, where do we start?
- The waitress, though very friendly, couldn't give any details on a single item from the menu
- We had to remind her about one of our appetizers (ended up coming after the entree)
- My burger was absolute mush. The so-called oyster jam looked like a huge booger and did not add anything in terms of taste
- Finally, my friend forgot his card there and, over the course of three days, the place made no attempt to get it back to him--despite the fact that he'd made a reservation via OpenTable and therefore could had easily looked up his contact information to return it (not their fault he forgot it to begin with, but why not extend that courtesy?)
In short, the experience was pretty rough all around. 
If you're craving oysters, take the extra five minutes to head over to UC to Doc McGroggan's.Nice restaurant with an old gangsta feeling :-). Felt like I was in The Godfather movie.  I will say they made me a dinner I wouldn't refuse if I'm back in philly.  I have the oyster rockerfella, salmon and steak with asparagus and potatoes.  This wasn't an actual dish but a combination would f food that was served to our large party in separate portions.  I've never had dinner served that way but it was a good experience.  Something about philly that strikes me as different.  I was staying in the center city area and the environment is kinda of rough looking.  I say that to emphasize to not judge a book by its cover.  For the price and menu selection, I anticipated a much nicer building/location, but was by no means disappointed.  I share this information for out of towners who never been to philly.  I would recommend the restaurant.  I only have three stars because I didn't get to experience a regular service but anticipate I would still be pleased with the experience.Went with a few couples last Saturday for their Weekend Happy Hour. How cool is that? $1 oysters were great so we did 3 dozen! Our cocktails were delicious, and Michael our bartender must have been an old guy in a young guys body. A true Craftsman at his trade, and totally personable! Can't wait to go back.Oh, come on. It's a Jose Garces restaurant. That means some things are given, including the staff--who, without exception, are friendly, knowledgeable and even gregarious without being obnoxious. The drinks are superb, and that too is a given. Keep in mind that this place is called a bar for a reason: most of the menu is taken up by seemingly infinite alcohol choices. The comparatively limited food selection surely will have something to catch your eye, however. My dining partner has declared the Golden Buck to be the best thing she's ever eaten. Because she is utterly incapable of hyperbole, that's saying something. (And that's some hyperbole right there.) The crab cake is nearly all-crab and definitely all-succulent. What I'm saying is that there's a familiar culinary craft evident here.
The main bar area, the old President's Room, has a delightful mix of the old and the new. I find it surprising, just a bit, that the bar has TVs and the room reverberates with rock music ... not exactly the same vibe as that at Village Whiskey, for instance. But The Olde Bar is bigger and and more "public," if you will. I'm told the idea is to recall both the glory days and the more pandering latter days of Bookbinder's.
One thing I have to note: the waiting/host area is off-putting. It's a big, empty room devoid of character. The rear and right walls are nothing more than huge accordion partitions, perhaps blocking from view the banquet- and event-centric spaces of the ground floor. On a busy night one wouldn't notice the unwelcoming nature of the room, but when it's empty save for a sad-looking host/ess station ... eh. (But again, compare this to Village Whiskey, with its phone-booth-sized vestibule.) It's a small gripe, but it does give you pause when you first step inside. Fortunately, I don't expect a lot of slow nights at this place. And once you step through the psuedo ship's wheel ....
The Olde Bar has been open less than two weeks but it has hit the ground running. I recommend you catch up with it.Even the bartender had to do a double take when he printed my check for 3 old fashioneds at $24 each. I don't care how "high end" you position your bar, be fair. We also ordered 18 of the buck a schuck oysters and they were so unremarkable and bland, we left a few on the plate. So many other great bars in Philly, don't waste your time and money here.I was so excited by this place because of the old bindery decoration on the outside.  The service and drinks were good.  We didn't eat anything.Great bartenders and servers.
Had a man full of trouble, some old fashions, and two absinthe shooters - absolutely delicious.
The food was great, had the oysters belmont, golden buck, and deviled eggs for snacks/appetizers then moved onto clams and mussels for dinner (two of us, perfect amount of food).  The clams were overly salty but that's really the only complaint and the mussels were excellent.
Fantastic atmosphere/vibe, great date spot, look forward to going again.Very pleasantly surprised by this garces chain. So much so I almost had to give it 5 stars. Excellent food and staff. The salmon was cooked to perfection. Crispy skin that you always imagine and expect a well cooked fish to have, with a moist and succulent interior. Perfect mid rare steak. Really good oysters which I usually never even eat. 
The interior is designed like a bar and looks just a little empty and leaving a bit to be desired. 
But really an unexpected treat. Would say just as good as their flagship Amada regarding the food. Spruce up the interior a little bit and would possibly make it into the rare 5 star category for me. 
Well done.I'll give them credit on the cocktail selection, but that is about it. Service was lackluster, prices were obnoxious (and I'm in from SF).
I was referred here by a friend due to enjoying scotch and whiskey. The costs for basic call bourbons are over $10, which can only lead you to imagine what a nice glass of whiskey or scotch costs. The bartender seemed as though I was bothering when asked what he recommended. I ended up having one drink, re-routing some friends who were to join me, and enjoying our evening elsewhere.
Thanks, but no thanks.Let me start off by saying nothing was particularly "bad". Some things were good, some other things not so much. We started off with the Olde Bar Fries which honestly were some of the best, if not the best fries I've ever had. You get a huge mound of them and it's definitely enough for two. The cheese, crab, and prep of them is pretty perfect. The snapper turtle soup was good enough, but the sherry cream that comes with it, is waaaaaay overpowering. I tried just putting the tiniest of bits in and I still could taste it over the soup, so it went unused.
Next we did the raw bar tower. What this consists of is everything in the raw bar menu. I love oysters, but am no where near an expert. I have seen the same exact prices elsewhere, but $40 for a dozen is too much for me. You can find ones very similar in taste, for a lot less. These were pretty small. The clams were raw with nothing else to them. The crab cocktail tasted like it was just thrown in some mayo. That's all we tasted was the mayo, didn't even finish it. The shrimp remoulade, was 4 big ones in a sauce. The shrimp weren't cooked 100%  it wasn't enough for me to send it back, but I could see someone else doing that. Nothing special about it. The lobster was cooked good and chilled. The dipping sauce for that was mayo based as well with, I could be wrong, but seemed like light sriracha. Was ok enough. So the fries were good, the soup was just ok, and the seafood tower was really disappointing. I certainly don't feel like I got my moneys worth. Oh and their "punch" tasted more like lemonade than anything. The service was really friendly and great. We are most likely going to give it another visit, but certainly not getting the seafood tower again. If you're looking for a seafood spot, look elsewhere, we are certainly going to.Best oysters hands down!! Sat at the bar and enjoyed their happy hour to the fullest extent. Very cool interior and great location. Only con was the bartenders. They had a major attitude and weren't attentive at all. 
Can't wait to go back to Philly and check this place out again for the happy hour!Historic restaurant restored beautifully by The Garces Group. The character and decor of this place is like nothing else in Philadelphia. Delicious oysters, mussels and a crab cake to die for. Not the least expensive place for eats in Philly, so if you're looking for a quick cheap meal, this is not for you. However, if you are planning for a nice dinner out with friends family or colleagues and looking for a unique dining experience, this is a must try!!Came here on a Friday night & it was pretty busy. Our server was Matt he was very helpful. He was always there to help us with our orders & accommodate to our need to be in and out fairly quickly. My friends & I got the (1) Cape Cod Mussels, (2) Fish & Chips, (3) Shrimp & Grits (4) Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, and (4) the market fish of the day, which was salmon. Everything was delicious and perfectly cooked. The chips that came with the fish and chips were a bit salty but still yummy.Stopped by for happy hour, which is 5-7PM Monday through Friday and 4-6PM weekends. $1 oysters!!!
- Blue point oysters: These were the happy hour oysters. Large, meaty east coast oysters. Shucked well. 
- Roll mops: Interesting anchovy snack with pickled cucumbers and soured cream. Nice and salty. 
- Golden buck: If you like cheese go for this one. It's basically bread with a cheddar cheese sauce mixed with an oxtail marmalade topped with a runny egg. The citrus of the marmalade overpowered a bit too much in this dish. 
- Beef cut fries: Comes with old bay mayo. 
- Snapper soup: Perfect choice for a cold day =) Well seasoned soup with little pieces of turtle meat and veggies. Garnished with a hard boiled quail egg and served with a small dish of sherry espuma. A spoonful of the sherry espuma added to my soup was enough for me, just to add a little kick. Great version of a classic soup.The oysters were great. The lobster roll was one of the worst I've ever had. The lobster was tough and the roll was tasteless.We had the seafood tower as an appetizer (half tower for 6 people). Plenty of food and was decent. I had the crab cake as my wntree, which was nothing special. Overall, I wasn't impressed at all and probably will not return. Didn't hate the meal, but wouldn't recommend this place -- it's just not worth the money.This place has the best happy hour on Saturdays. From 4-6, buck a shuck and $5 bar food menu. They also have discounts on wine, beer and rum drinks. I always have a good time when I go here. The beef fat fries are delicious and the oysters are always fresh. The service is great too. This place is ideal for a date or for a group. The burger looks divine, though it's $18. I highly recommend happy hour at this place. The venue is the old Book Binders which is located in a cool historical buildings. It's a very cool spaceBuck-a-shuck oysters!!! it was fast and the oysters were awesome- and the place wasnt packed like oyster house is... so we loved it! We only had oysters though- so we cant speak for any of the other food.Food: 4
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 4
Value: 4
I've been wanting for years to come and see the Old Original Bookbinders location. Basically, anything would have been acceptable for us to feel it necessary to make the trip here. However, they luckily have a very good happy hour that includes weekends. Food is above average, and the drink deals are good as well. Definitely looking forward to trying this place for a full dinner at some point in the future.My lover and I were gamboling around the city, taking a lover's walk, if you will.  We had just come from the lovely Welshly Arms Hotel, where the hot tub was under routine maintenance and disinfecting.  While on our lover's walk, hand in hand with my lover, the heat of her body radiating off of her like an erotic miasma, we came across the Olde Bar.  Wanting oysters and clams to enhance my already-potent libido, we entered the establishment.
The cockles did not disappoint.  My lover and I fed each other the fresh, salty seafood, mignonette dripping down my beard and pooling in my lap.  I devoured a lobster roll as my lover licked the cheese off of a welsh rarebit.  All the while, our legs intertwined under the table, like a secret worth telling but worth keeping all the same.  
We left the Olde Bar, shirts drenched in sweat and melted butter, doggy bags filled to the brim with beef fat fries, as we embarked on another lover's walk.We were able to walk in with no reservations (which I don't believe they take, actually) at 7pm on a Saturday night, which is pretty much unheard of in the city. The hostess was friendly and accommodating, recommending their booths in the bar area, which was the perfect choice.
Now for the food & drink: The menu is small but strong, and the drinks are strong and expertly made. I stuck to wine, but the Sauvignon Blanc was crisp, bright and a great contrast to the rich food we ordered. My friend had 2 different cocktails, both highly praised. They use ice blocks instead of cubed, machine ice...c'mon, it's ice, but you KNOW that makes a difference.
Ordered the beef fat fries special (served w lobster butter fondue and crabmeat) and oysters to start. Russell, our waiter, was on point with his suggestions for both. The fries were out of this world...terrific combination of really indulgent flavors.
I had the steak oscar, which was topped with an incredible crabmeat hollandaise. The only -1 here is the temperature wasn't quite right...a little more toward the medium well end than medium. My friend's mussels were amazing...the broth could serve as a soup - just that good! 
Very pleased to see that the old Bookbinders building has become a spot to visit again!We went to Olde Bar on 2/13 (Saturday night).  
We loved the Garces restaurants in the past, so looked forward to what we hoped would be a reinvention of a tired Original Bookbinders. Sadly, this was less reinvention than a reopening - with notable misses in execution. Decor is basically Original Bookbinders. Front of house staff seemed lost - kept telling us our table was "almost ready" and looking confused.  We were seated originally at a table near the front, which was literally FREEZING.  I would have had to eat in my parka.  Got moved to a table near the back, which was a little better.  Hostess says "It's an old building..."  Yes - but should diners be prepared to eat in the tundra?  Every building in Philly is old, no?  
Wine list is extremely limited - 4 red wines on the list (a pinot noir, rioja, a barbera, and a "house" wine). More whites/sparkling (7/6 options), and a lot of specialty cocktails. OK, so it's not for a wine-drinking crowd. Rioja was $48, but was truly mediocre. 
The menu is pub fare, with oysters thrown in for interest. We ordered oysters (very nice), Olde Bar fries (thick cut fries w/ crabmeat and cheese sauce - tasty), snapper soup (more on that later), burger, crabcake, and strawberry shortcake. 
The snapper soup was an unmitigated disaster. It was brought out with a side of frothed sherry cream, garnished with a hardboiled, split quail egg. While the bowl was hot, it appeared that the soup had been sitting for some time, as the top of the soup had hardened into an extremely unpleasant "skin", into which the split quail egg was embedded. Even more unpleasant, when I looked at the side of sherry cream, there was a hair right in the middle of it. We decided it wasn't a good night for soup, so sent it back and cancelled the order. No soup for you!
The burger was good - but we've had better burgers at SmashBurger. Came with a side of what can only be described as extremely thick, limp, and oily potato "chips."  Either that, or thin, soggy, oily potato slices.  Regardless, unappetizing to say the least.
Crabcake was nothing special, but ok. There was an odd lemon curd sauce on the side that did nothing to complement. 
Service was overall very good. However, given the disaster of the soup, I would have at least have thought we would have been comped on dessert. The dinner was over $200 with tip, and for that price, Olde Bar was an absolute underperformer - I would put it on my "bottom 3" of worst meals at the Philly restaurant scene (and we've enjoyed the Philly resto scene for 20 years). We've come to expect much more from Garces, but even without the recognized name, it was a poor showing for any chef.I have been attempting to visit The Olde Bar for months now in order to take advantage of their Saturday Happy Hour (Saturday, downtown, 4-6?  YES PLEASE).  Unfortunately on every occasion the bar has been booked for a private party, so I have gone away disappointed.  
CALL AHEAD TO MAKE SURE THEY ARE OPEN!!!
Finally, this past Saturday, they were.  
We arrived at 4pm sharp, and the bar was already half-full.  This is an old-school establishment, lots of dark wood, high ceilings, old(ish) fixtures, tiled floor, cozy booths, high top tables and a long wooden bar with their daily oysters showcased in ice.  Our server (Candy) greeted us immediately upon our being seated, and proceeded to provide professional, courteous, attentive and perfect service.  Questions were answered clearly and with obvious knowledge and understanding of the menu.  Drinks arrived promptly after being ordered, plates were removed soon after being finished, but at no point did Candy seem to be hovering or rush us.  Best service I've experienced in a long time!
To the food - happy hour buck-a-shuck oysters were fresh and delicious, clean and free of grit or sand.  The beef fat fries are amazing and addicting, the fried shrimp a bit on the greasy side but tasty, the rarebit apparently off (our friends had in on another visit and said this one was lacking), the deviled eggs a fun little bite,  and the Buffalo cauliflower shocking satisfying.  All appetizers were $5 - great deal in Old City! Drinks were also quite good, with the Fish House Punch the standout boozy tart star.  The Olde Bar Oyster Stout was thick and malty (I didn't ask who brewed it for them) and at $4 a deal as well.  The happy hour menu lists house red and white wine at $5, and staff choice draft beer at $4.  
The entire bar was neat and clean, and as stated before the staff kept the table clean during dining.  Bathrooms are immaculate.  
I have yet to dine at the Olde Bar, but after this Saturday Happy Hour visit I fully intend to as soon as possible.  
And once again, thanks Candy!- TIP:  Great for drinks with a group.  The place is perfect for a classic gin martini.
- CON: A bit tricky for drinks with a date as the bar room is set up with longer communal tables.
- BOTTOM LINE:  Haven't had the food yet, but have been for drinks multiple times -- and in my opinion it's the most solid bar for cocktails in Old City.This is so bad they take forever to give  u ur food we have been here for like 2hr and still did not get foodsTo preface this, I just want to say that I realize this bar is new despite its old location, and that it is most likely still finding itself. I plan to give it a little while and return, then update my review accordingly.
The doorman is very friendly and pleasant, so you feel welcome right away. The interior of the bar is of course beautiful, and it was great to see that they polished up the old architecture rather than trying to "update" it or doing something else silly. My friend and I sat at the bar. 
There were four bar tenders working behind the bar simultaneously. At first I thought they each had a section of the bar to take care of, but they were all crossing over each other and at times getting in each other's way. For most of the night there were two bar tenders right near us without much to do (although when they weren't serving they were polishing, organizing - definitely not just standing around, and for that I give them lots of credit). Then, when we were ready to pay and leave, it took a long time to get someone's attention. This is probably one of those things that will get worked out over time so that the bar runs like a well-oiled machine, and I hope to go back and find out.
When the bar tender asked what we wanted to drink, my friend asked what whiskey drinks they make very well. She does this often, and at most places we've been the response is usually a pause followed by a couple of suggestions, and at some gutsy places they don't say anything and just make the magic happen. The response at The Olde Bar was "We make everything very well." Not only is this not true, it demonstrates a lack of understanding of the bar's/bartender's strengths. The drinks definitely weren't bad, but they weren't amazing. Again, I'm sure they're working on their drinks and I look forward to coming back and giving them another try.I would rate this as one of the list of best bars in the U.S.A. to go to. My wife and I sat at the bar, which we don't normally do, and were served by a quintessentially professional bartender/server that should teach classes. His suggestions and food to cocktail pairings were on point. Some of the best raw oyster assortments one could have with a perfectly executed Hendrick's Gin martini, (perfectly a bit on the dirty side like I requested), with cocktail onions instead of olives as requested.
They also have incredible beer and wine choices and you can tell their leader cares enough to train customer service and suggestive selling. Well done gang!Good food, good service. We went at night and it was just a little too dark in there. I get they were trying to set a "mood", but it needs to be a little brighter inside lolBesides the uncanny bad service for an upscale old city restaurant, the food isn't that awesome. Steak Oscar was over done, cut into three large slices (that's a first for me). I love the buck a shuck, but that's about it.
After a bad dinner experience we said why not go back for the buck a shuck at least. We were seated and once we let our server know that we were getting oysters she repeated our order, looked away, and then walked away. Strangest thing that's happened to me in a restaurant. We then order some of the $5 apps and the same attitude. Like she was pissed that we were going to have a $100 bill. My girlfriend watched her do the same thing to another table. I wanted to leave immediately but we have a 2 year old son and don't get many times to eat out by ourselves.
It feels like the last time Garces was there, was when he wrote the 6 entree menu a year ago. It's obvious there is no leadership, and those who have had the main menu are only coming back for happy hour. No mas, no masPrice is way to unreasonable. The appetizers and desserts are subpar. Impressive numerous selection of whisky. Sublime atmosphere and super nice restroom though!This is a great place for artisanal cocktails!! Very cool, old school vibe going on. The bartenders are knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the retro drink menu. I didn't have anything to eat during my visit but will plan another trip to do so.My fiancé took me here for my birthday dinner. Our first waitress was not pleasant at all but they quickly switched her out to another waiter who was great! They have a cute side walk area to dine on. We had the oysters for the app which were out of this world and of course ordered the lobster which was fabulous, though was expecting more than whole potatoes for the side dish.My wife and I had a great experience at the olde bar.  We showed up for happy hour and stayed for dinner.  The steamed mussels and battered shrimp are both great.  For dinner my wife had the lobster roll and I had the crab cake.  Both were outstanding.  Overall,  the olde bar has a ton of history and does a great job in terms of food and drink.  It's a bit pricey but that's to be expected.  Definitely check it out.4-6 happy hour. $1 oysters. Friendly staff. Gets busier after 5. Good old city choice.Excellent service, fresh raw bar and seafood, good drinks, great strawberry cake for dessertStopped for a Bloody Mary , took 20min to be waited on... was never informed it was super spicy - bankers club vodka - sent it back, another 20 min - glass half full - $13 - are you kidding me - ! 10 people in the restaurant for Sunday brunch -If it weren't for the food I would never even think about going back. The service was terrible. I've been a waitress for over 25 years and have never seen anything like this. We never really were sure who our waitress was, the servers spent more time at the service bar and filling pitchers of water, then tending to their customers. And to top it all off they gave us the wrong check, which I pointed out, unbeknownst to me that I shouldn't have said anything because it was less then our actual check. When I finally asked to speak to a manager, she was condescending and unapologetic, although she did promise it wouldn't happen the next time I return, ha! Can't say I'll ever find out if she can keep that promise.The beer was good. They seated us quickly. The server was helpful. We didn't order fresh seafood, which I regret now. But I'm pregnant and the beer cheese fries with lump crab sounded so good to me. It's not good. Too much cheese and the three lumps of crab were tiny.
Husband preferred fish and chips. The sauce is terrible, the fish was okay...better than long John silvers: and it comes with fries...not chips. 
Anyway might be worth a shot but at least don't order the crab fries or the fish and chips.Awesome service and drinks on a late Wednesday night. Ask for Mike the bartender - knows his drinks.Jose,you should be ashamed. Always been a fan of your restaurants but the clam bake at Olde Bar today was  a misstep. Over-cooked seafood, paella that was just flavored rice. Rolls, corn, and potato salad good. Definitely not worth $40 a head. Not a good advertisement for returning to main restaurant. Most fun was meeting and chatting with folks at our table.My husband brought me here for my birthday over the weekend and it was...not good. We got the Valentine's Day tasting menu, since it was a special occasion, and had pretty high expectations. 
The server was clearly in the weeds the entire meal, while the manager just stood at the bar chatting with his friends, making no effort to help her out or even touch any of the tables in the dining room. The server had the skills of your average Applebee's employee and didn't seem to have fine dining experience: she put her dirty beverage tray on the table while dropping drinks, silverware wasn't polished, the bottom of the wine glasses were filthy, she said the word "upcharge" like we should know what that means, and she had a really limited grasp of the menu. 
The pacing was really odd, the first two courses came out so quickly I had barely finished chewing what came before and then we waited a very long time for the entree course. The raw course was fine, but you can't really mess that up. The second appetizer course was really bad. The shrimp toast (I think it was shrimp? It was pretty unidentifiable) was chewy and rubbery, the bread mushy, the sauce incredibly bland and the most unappetizing shade of puke brown I've ever seen. The foie gras was runny, the toast it came on was hard like it was stale. 
No one asked how we would like our ribeye cooked and it came out medium well, which is not our preference. We had noticed about 5 minutes before it came out that we hadn't provided a temp to the server, but then couldn't get anyone's attention to mention it. We would have sent it back but the server was never at our table for more than 2 seconds, did not ask us how we were enjoying the food, and we couldn't flag anyone down. The steak was pre-sliced so someone in the kitchen took a look at it, decided it seemed fine, and sent it out. We were only provided with one steak knife and had to share.The manager had his back to us and was completely oblivious to anything happening in the dining room. 
The dessert, a baked alaska, was completely soggy. Have you ever had soggy marshmallow? It's revolting. My husband politely informed the food runner that it was my birthday and he said "Oh? Cool!" and walked away. I don't think he informed the server because she never acknowledged it. We weren't looking for a freebie, just a candle in the dessert. 
The food runner cleared away wine glasses that weren't empty more than once. If I pay $12 for a glass of wine, I'd like to finish it. 
We left a decent tip, because we're former restaurant people, but I was sincerely disappointed and honestly felt like it put a damper on my birthday, since I spent $200 that could have been used on a more pleasant dining experience. I expect more from a Garces restaurant.So, I was a BIG fan of the Olde Bar before this Valentine's Day. We had reservations for 7:30 on Saturday night, super excited for a fine dining experience. Only to walk in and the whole restaurant in every room is 50 degrees, bathroom even colder. We thought it was just bitter cold outside and drafty but no -- we realized everyone was eating with their jackets on. 1st red flag. The waitress said, "it's an old building" -- so is every other building in Philadelphia lol 
Then they squished us into a little table, on top of the table behind us, when there was plenty of other seating and tables around. We were in a good mood so thought it would warm up once we got our drinks. Never got warmer. 
We did the $85 dollar tasting menu -- first apps were excellent: Oysters, shrimp and stone crab claws (a bit tiny). second courses, and third, were ok. but because it was so cold in the restaurant everything else turned cold instantly including our steak, which made it really unenjoyable. 
Service was meh --- at one point I had no water or wine and she walked past us several times. For all the money we spent, it was not the service or experience I was expecting, especially since we were WOWed the first time we were there. 
And, after getting all the way to dessert we realized we never even got our mussles that were on the list. 
She never asked us how our meal was just said let me know when you want the check. Didn't feel like complaining bc our waitress didn't seem to care anyway. Waste of $250, and we should have left and went somewhere warmer. 
Wont be back.The concept that Chef Garces has created for this Philadelphia standard is very much appreciated and needed. The service, drinks and food were all excellent. GRG not only paid quiet homage to the Philadelphia institution but expanded and created a historical record of well executed cocktails on the menu. It was wonderful to see such cocktails as the Last Word invented at the Detroit Athletic Club and the Pegu invented at a British Officers Club in what was then Burma. A very nice selection of food items in various portion sizes. Well done!A friend and I stopped by on a Sunday around 5, we totally hit the jackpot! Not only do they have a happy hour everyday (which is totally clutch) but the happy hour includes $1 oysters! Need I say more. They also have some really good apps for $5 and drink specials! We ordered 10 oysters each to start, calamari, and mussels. They also serve their signature bread which is delicious! We ordered their fish house punch which -- eh wasn't my fave but was good if you like rum and bitters. We ended up getting some house white wine which was also on the happy hour menu and more oysters of course! Everything was amazing! As our entrees, which neither of us had room to even eat half of, I got the olde bar burger and my friend got the fish and chips! Both delicious! 
We will for sure be returning and making this one of our favorite happy hour spots! 
Also everyone was super nice our server was amazing! I which I could remember her name!Had the valentines prefixed menu... Which was good not great. First shrimp
In appetizer was spoiled but they replaced it and it was fine. The most disturbing things were 1. the bathrooms were freezing and a constant draft came from there forcing us to wear our coat 2. The woodwork waynescoat had a thick coat of dust. It was a big disappointment for Garces.Rob, Chi, and Rito were beyond AMAZING!!!! They turned my husbands mediocre birthday celebration into a remarkable night and even sang to him with an amazing drink:) The drinks were delicious, fun and memorable! Can't rave about this place enough!!!! Love themI've done happy hour twice here and I have to admit I'm a fan. If you can get here between 4-6 PM (weekends too), it's worth it to start your boozing and eating early. You can get a decent selection of $5 snacks, discounted drinks, and buck a shucks. 
Here's a brief rundown on what we ordered:
Oysters Belmont - awesome. This was one of my first forays into the land of oysters and it was pretty darn good. cheesy, yummy, and delectable. 
East Coast Oysters (3 for $5) - This was actually my first set of raw oysters ever. The waitress was extremely helpful and didn't make me feel silly for having no idea what to order. Their selection is exhaustive, so I appreciated the help!
Beef fat fries - not anywhere close to as good as Garces' Duck Fat Fries at Village Whiskey. The accompanying sauce, wasn't my favorite either. However, you can't really mess up fried potatoes that much, so i still finished all of them...
Rarebit - fancy cheesy bread. enough said. 
Crab cake (not on happy hour) - excellent. full of flavor with not a lot of filler. One of the better, more robust crab cakes I've had (however, it ain't cheap - one of them will set you back $20.)
In terms of drinks, I tried the happy hour Fish House punch and wasn't that impressed. I definitely recommend splurging on the full priced menu items if you're interested in cocktails.Went in around 5 on a Sunday and was told there was a 30 min, which was fine, the issue was standing at the bar for that 30 min trying to get a drink while waiting and never even being acknowledged by the bartenders.  When we finally were able to order the drinks our table was ready.  Our server was great and he was the saving grace to the whole experience...not sure I will be going back anytime soonI have no idea why this place has only 3.5 stars on yelp. More folks need to give this place a higher rating. The first time I came here was with girlfriends for a night out.  The cocktails, food, and ambiance were out of this world.  The Sloe Gin Fizz is a knockout, but so were all of the cocktails.  The raw bar is a great feature.  I had such a grand time that I insisted my husband come back the very next night to check it out.  He loved it.  We come here frequently and relish in the extensive cocktail list, and fab food choices.Beautiful dark wood, pretty ceilings interior at the renovated classic. Cool 60's music playing during a Fri night happy hour. I got there at 5:45 after a Ritz movie. Place was packed. I waited 15 min for a seat at a 'communal' 4top. Seats were uncomfortable, hard, wooden, no cushions, & high. The couple next to me was greeted , & had order taken before me. I was in line before them, and am a single diner. My water glass was never refilled. The tasty house punch was served in a small cup with an awkward handle. I ordered 6 hh oysters from Cape May. ($1/ea)
They were good; would have been better if I got a lemon with it. But the server wouldn't know, as he never came around to ask how my meal was . I then ordered the olde Bar fries (like a poutine w/fries, cheese, lobster). Fries were overdone even burnt, dish was not hot . Again, server did not offer me any condiments. I felt ignored. I had to wait 10 min to flag down & ask him for the bill. And then he asked if I want another punch. 
Service was inefficient, slow, inattentive. Hh menu had good options and decent prices. Food taste just ok. The location is great- olde city.Amazing cocktails.   Great food.  Open late.    Comfortable dark atmosphere.   We went for food and drink around 10pm and really enjoyed ourselves.  We will be back again.  Olde Bar does not take reservations.     We had the snapper soup, clam chowder, oysters, crab cake and lobster roll.  All were excellent.  The cocktails here are top notch and now prefer this as the place for my last cocktail before retiring in for the night.Love the Olde Bar! Decor and atmosphere is cool, if a bit loud and chilly, but it's a historical building so not much you can do about that. Beef fat fries were A+, crab cake was absolutely phenomenal. We had the sweetest server ever - you rule Jasmine. Will be back!This place has such a cool feel to it. It was a great place to hide away on a hot 95 degree day. It feels like someones very class library lounge. We only had beers ($6 - $7) but we will definitely be back to try some food and some of the great looking cocktails. 
We were here a few weeks back for an event for my college in the room next door. Its pretty large and the catered food and open bar was nice. I do remember being freezing cold that day (it was raining out).We only had oysters and drinks during the happy hour and it was good.  Oysters were $1 each and it was fresh.  Drinks were nice with the servers being knowledgeable of all of them.  The only drawback is that we waited a while for our second order of oysters and then our server comp us for that round even tho we didn't make any complaint which goes to show you that they are aware of it themselves. Love the decor and the history of the place.I was finally able to check this spot out during happy hour this weekend. Great atmosphere and decor but just okay for happy hour menu drinks and oysters. The steamed muscles were delicious, but we got three dozen oysters that were tasteless. Granted, it could have just been where the oysters where from that day (NJ)... 
The convenient location is good for me but for quality seafood, I prefer Oyster House on Sansom st in Center City.Happy hour review. Ambience is very cool, has an old time rat pack feel. HH buck a shuck is a good deal. The oysters are good, not great, but I would still come back. Would have given the HH 5 stars for the value but the drink selection on special was weak. Especially the beer, Narraganset on special is not special.Buck a Shuck Happy Hour!
Checked out Olde Bar on a Saturday for their happy hour specials.  Even the cold didn't keep the crowds down, but I'm happy to report happy hour applies in the dining room as well as the bar!  We sat down and ordered our 1st dozen.  The only rule seems to be that you have to order a dozen at a time and finish them before the next round arrives.  I can take out a dozen pretty quickly but appreciate them wanting to keep the oysters fresh.  The special were blue points and may have been the best oysters I've had in the city.  They barely needed any lemon or vinaigrette.  Of coiurse, their vinaigrette was awesome.  The only complaint we could come up with was the horseradish was weak.
As for drinks, I went with the Fish House Punch.  It was also included in the happy hour special.  Wow.  The balance was great with a hint of nutmeg.  I was going to sample another cocktail, but decided another punch was the way to go.
I'll be back for another happy hour for sure and am thinking I need to try their fish and chips as well...Brunch was amazing!! Started with the Olde Bar fries.....then the crab Benedict and shared the best dessert ~ French toast! Zach was informed, personable and delivered excellent service! My new favorite drink ~ Earn A Buck! Cheers and enjoy brunch ASAP!!! We will be back for both the food, drink and service!We went for Philly restaurant week and although there were some snafus (our reservations were lost somehow and the first server we had just did not want to be there at all and it showed) , it turned out being a nice experience nonetheless. The hostess was very nice and accommodating and we ended up with another server who was much more upbeat and attentive. The drinks were fantastic and the food was excellent. Our table ordered the NE clam chowder, the oysters (which were phenomenal) and the steaks topped with crab meat. Our one friend's cut of the steak was not acceptable, it was a much smaller, tougher end piec, which had no business being served. That being said aside from those restaurant week issues, this place is worth the time to check out.3.5. This was a tough one. The space is trendy and dark. They offer shellfish and a large selection of raw bar options. I really liked the oysters Belmont, the crabmeat cocktail and the steak dish. Steak was cooked perfectly but really small for the price. The chicken Kiev is interesting but probably would not get this again. They also sport a large and impressive whisky list. Kind of pricy but inline with similar establishments like Oyster House.Love the drinks, oysters, and the ambience. We tried the signature drinks as well as the classics and enjoyed them all. love the raw bar, but wish there was something on the cooked menu that wasn't heart attack on a plate.I felt like I stepped into a 1920's speakeasy, but in reality it's Philly's old book binder's building. I love the  atmosphere of historic details with hints of modern and classic twist. However, I would not recommend Olde Bar's brunch, mainly due to its portion size and lack of variety.
- Crab Benedict $14 - One of the eggs was overcooked for eggs benedict. The bread was so crispy and light, it went well with the béarnaise sauce. I wish I had more bread to finish up the béarnaise. The crab was good, but definitely could have been more. This was good, but it did not come with a side, and for $14, I expected a bigger portion.  
- Philly Special $12 - About 3-4 fried oysters on a bed of chicken salad. Other the the fried oysters, this dish is not very memorable. I definitely enjoyed the benedict more. Again the portion was the size of an appetizer, not enough to fill anyone up for brunch.
- Traditional Bloody Mary $12 - This was my first bloody mary ever, so I have no prior experience to compare it to. Regardless, I could only drink about half of the glass, because it was so strong. Also majority of the glass was ice. For $12, I also expected more. 
The restaurant set up is more suited for happy hour and appetizers. I would come again to explore their extensive 11 page cocktail menu and oysters.Rainy day. Stopped in right at 530 p on a weekday. Thought they had good happy hour specials. Had a nice raw bar as well. I didn't see anything special but wasn't bad either. The punch drinks were good but had too much ice.Everything was fantastic. I'm confused as to why it wasn't packed. So cool to be in the old Bookbinders spot. Amazing oysters presentation and cocktails to start. The entrees were very tasty, tho you will want to supplement with apps. Gluten free options as well. Service was top knotch.I was really looking forward to trying out this spot for the first time. I went there this weekend after just having some amazing food at Zahav 2 blocks away. 
Olde Bar looked pretty good on the inside - about like I'd expect. Very dark, but charming. 
Several things went wrong:
1) Seemingly 5 bartenders, but no one really seemed to care to serve us even though I'd say the place was at about 30% capacity.
2) We ordered 2 items to eat: Seafood Remoulade (it didn't taste bad, just super bland for 20 bucks). Also ordered Golden Buck (our experience with this was a fairly stale piece of bread with some gravy on it, topped by an egg. All yours for 10 bucks.). In general no one really seemed to care if we liked the food or not - they were having a good time talking with each other. 
3) After finishing my cocktail, I ask for another. My wife was drinking cava. Bartender asks then if we both want a new round. We say yes, and bartender proceeds to pour more cava into my wife's first cava, which is only half finished. Failure Bartending 101. Still charges for 2 cavas. 
I didn't even protest anything because I honestly just wanted to leave. Dropped about $100 on this experience. Disappointed.  Sorry - I really wanted to like this place.I was expecting this part of the city to be very crowded, even at night, and was shocked to find plenty of parking spaces at 10:30pm right in front of the bar on the street. The inside is old looking. They have old looking candles on the bar and the seats are old and the leather like cushioning is torn and falling apart. This is a hang out spot for local older men. It was fairly quiet inside. The signature drinks are unique and all about $14. The snapper turtle soup is very good. The restroom is large and fairly clean. The young bartender was decent, but enjoyed checking his cell phone more than interacting with his customers. I guess his after work social life was more important than the customers who were tipping him. He was not there to talk, just make the drinks. He was attentive, but not interested at all in chatting.I rarely rate on Yelp, but this evening's experience was well worth the 5 stars.  I got there during happy hour, sat at the bar, and had the locally brewed Old Bar Oyster Stout (which was only $4 during happy hour) and had great flavor without the bitterness some stouts have.  Then a dozen and another half of the Buck-a-Shuck oysters, which MAY have been the best I ever had anywhere ---- fresh and delicious.  The bartender Arielle has a great personality and was a wealth of knowledge,  as well as very engaging as she expertly whipped up some very exotic drinks (the gin drink she made was awesome, and from the list of choices, it was hard to choose which one to get).   I kind of don't want to say such good things, because I don't want it to get too crowded!  So please, only cool people come.   This place is perfect as it is!Went here for a late dinner/cocktails. Atmosphere was great - busy but not too loud, and it has a nice Prohibition-era feel.
Food was pretty good; would recommend the Brussels sprouts and the mussels. Great selection of cocktails, as well.
Service was prompt and helpful.First time in here for dinner on Mother's Day. I have been to happy hour a few times and always left happy. I decided to take my mother here because her parents used to always bring her as a kid for lobster on their visits to Philadelphia. Needless to say she was shocked and super excited!
They sat us at a corner table in the room separate from the bar which was nice..
Our waitress was very friendly and made an effort to make conversation..turns out she has a lot of family where I grew up.
We ordered the buffalo cauliflower and a wedge salad with their house dressing. I thought both were great however my mom thought the cauliflower was a little too spicy...
For entrees mom ordered the lobster dinner which was HUGE it came with herby, buttery corn (which i think you are supposed to use as the drawn butter) and a bunch of little potatoes (they reminded me of "salt potatoes".
I went with the waitress's recommendation of the crab cake which was a great choice. It was lightly breaded on the outside and lots of crab on the inside very little "filler" There was an awesome lemon curd sauce that was presented with it which made it the crab cake seem light and summery which was awesome since it was such a hot day.
We were so full we couldn't even stomach to have dessert and we certainly had our eye on the baked Alaska for 2.
Overall we had a wonderful Mother's Day dinner with great service and a very classic atmosphere.Came in here with high hopes and left with high disappointment. 95 degrees out and hoping to grab a cold drink and ac and what do you get: open windows and doors, no air. I'm sweating While I'm yelping.
Oysters: buck a shuck is cheap, but not comparable to Oyster house.  
Pro: peppers pot drink was delish
Other than that would not come back again. 
Make ur guest feel more comfortable and turn on the air.Waited at least 10 min at bar seats. No one acknowledged we were sitting there. Mentioned this to staff to give them a chance to ask us to stay and serve us but no one cared. Horrible service. Been here before and loved it. So disappointed.Lovely spot! Im so happy we found this place. The drink were no less than perfect and the staff was super knowledgable and friendly. We had oysters and the fish and chips. I can't wait to come back to Philly it was a beautiful city and a great weekend getaway for spring!came here for the happy hour and enjoyed decent $1 oysters. the rarebit was delicious: savory cheese in top of toasted bread and mussels which came with a perfectly toasted bread to sop up the delicious broth. after sampling everything sans the devilled eggs from the menu, i do wish they had a better variety -most of the items were breaded/fried... even the one vegetable dish on the menu!
the punch was my favorite and will be a reason why ill be back!Really like it for Happy Hour one of my go to places in Philly right now.  Comfy atmosphere, great drink options with a variety of wine/beer/cocktails, Buck a Shuck are one of the best in the city (Oyster House being the other), mussels with garlic bread we always ask for more bread no problem, and shrimp.  Staff if very friendly as well.We came in here just to have drinks at 7pm on a Friday night and were able to grab s seat at the bar which was not a problem at all. The bartenders were very attentive and immediately served us. First I had a whisky sour and my date ordered the pepper pot. I liked the ginger flavor with the hint of pepper so much that he switched drinks with me. (I know he's a great guy) 
however the highlight of our evening was the gin fizz that I ordered. I never knew how much work goes into this drink so please appreciate the next time you order one here. I had the pleasure of popping Kevin's "the bartender in training" gin fizz cherry. He has to shake this drink made with love until the 2 ice cubes are dissolved and then pour to a perfect head! He did awesome and there's a pic to prove it.