After visiting the Seaport Museum, my better half and I walked to The Artful Dodger and had lunch. We both ordered the special, a roast pork sandwich with seasoned fries. The pork sandwich was good, and the waiter brought condiments geared toward the sandwich (horseradish and malt vinegar). The seasoned fries were a little heavily seasoned but otherwise quite good, being crisp (I hate soggy fries). The portions were more than ample.  The special was $9.00, which we didn't think was badly priced.
The service was excellent, with our drinks being refilled without prompting and the waiter checking back with us after we had tasted the food. All in all, we were quite happy with the Artful Dodger for lunch.Although my pork sandwich was just ehhh, the fries were delicious and the service was great. Also, played a great game of quizzo! I did, however, try my boyfriend's burger, and it was phenomenal.never had a bad meal yet nor with the service. i actually miss this place since i havent been back in almost two years. hope its still as good as i remember it..This is a great little pub. 
Completely free of pretense. The food is really good and all at a great value.  The portions are pretty big so definitely  bring your appetite. 
"Meatloaf Monday" and "Beef and Beer Thursday" offer great meals with a beer for $12 or less. Eight taps feature old European favs (Guinness, Carlsburg, Newcastle) and tasty locals (Yards, Flying Fish) in 20 oz. pints. 
Great place to watch the game or just to hang out with friends.This place is delicious. I ate here while strolling around town on foot and came across the Artful Dodger. We had two Philly Cheese Steaks and the quality was excellent. The bread was warm and fresh and the cheese melted nicely together with the meat. The atmosphere was warm and friendly and I would come back here in a heart beat! The prices were reasonable at under $10 per person.Corner pub feel in an area of the city that is lacking in corner pubs.  It's small, narrow, and built for having a few beers and eating pub grub while sitting at the bar.  The interior of the place feels like an english pub and when you walk out of the place onto the cobblestone 2nd street you may think you have actually gone back in time...but don't worry, there is a wawa just down the street to bring you back to reality and provide you with some snacks to stumble home with.
The draft list is limited but respectable, the bottle list makes up for the limited draft selection.  The benefit of the draft list is that beers are poured in imperial pints in traditional English style, so you get to enjoy an extra 4oz compared to most bars in the city.  The downside is that a Troegs Sunshine Pils cost $6...not bad, but not a great deal either.  
They do have the MLB package and you can claim a TV to watch out of town games...and I think you can actually call ahead to reserve a TV to watch a game. 
Overall, it's a cool spot.  I'll put it on my list of regular haunts.This place is kind of English feeling but I bet they don't do anything for St. George's Day either (Looking at you Elephant and Castle, with disgust).  
I like hanging out here, but I'm not in the neighborhood that much to hang out, having outgrown South Street some 45 years ago.    It's a cool place to chillax and hang out with friends.    It's not sceney despite the neighborhood.  
They've got one of those satellite  jukeboxes and I love those things so hard.  One time when I was in here with a bunch of English people from Englandshire we played World in Motion by EnglandNewOrder (I'm Playing for England En-Guh-Land) again and again and again.  No idea why, but it was good times.  
Can honestly say I've never gotten food here, but I hate Fish & Chips with a passion and I'm not a fan of meat pies either.Great local beer selection.  Friendly staff/bartender.  Friendly non-scuzzy crowd.  Best part for me, it's walking distance.If I envisioned a bar in Philly, this is what it would be. Small, local vibe, rowdy but having a good time, and the owner as bartender and doing his job excellently. I was certainly the odd man out being a visitor, but enjoyed every minute I was there. Not a huge beer selection, but a really nice local selection. The owner/bar tender was awesome: friendly, attentive, and operating like a true pro. He was the only one there with a good sized crowd to serve, and he did it almost effortlessly. If I lived nearby, I'd be a regular. Well done Artful Dodger, well done.Time: Friday Happy Hour
Scene: a cluster of loud middle aged men
Pros: Philadelphia Brewing Co on tap
Cons: is that a cigar I smell?I met up with a friend here for a beer.  I don't really have much to say.  It was pretty empty for a Friday night, but was a nice spot if you just want to chill with some friends and have a few drinks.  The Phillies game was on, and Victory Golden Monkey was on tap.  I don't think I'll be rushing back, but if I'm in the neighborhood I would stop in.
Favorite moment was when a guy walked in who was pretty wasted, thrust a few dollar bills at the bartender, and asked for the cheapest beer.  He got a Miller High Life.A cute and cozy little pub right off of South Street.  
Apparently there are two sections to the place - one is more of a bar (I did not experience this side of the Artful Dodger) and the other is a dining area where from what I am told, there is live music on the weekend.
The menu is filled with simple but filling and tasty items, the portions are decently sized, and the prices very, very reasonable.  The potato soup, which was a special, was particularly good.
There was also a pretty decent selection of beers available.The Artful Dodger is about what you'd expect... an Irish pub without an Irish name.  Slightly overpriced everything, but always with "the game" on and some sort of special.  They have some appealing things on the menu, but it's mostly bar food.  Watch out for pub crawlers or party buses.  It's nice that the dining area is separate from the bar for this reason.  If you're in headhouse square, though, you have about a dozen better options than Artful Dodger, though there's nothing really wrong with it.  It's just ordinary.Corner cubby, fish and chips; beer and dips - a local's lounge.
The Artful Dodger has been a trusty friend since I moved downtown.  It's always there when I need a quick pint, a bite to eat, a place to meet a friend.  I loved meatloaf mondays, watching World Cup, throwing darts into the night.  
The barkeeps have always had that casual classic attitude that I enjoy.  Most of the locals are cool and down to earth, you get a few snots, but they don't bother too many people.  The food is good, beer is local, it's a good bet.  
Keep in mind that this bar may be in a happening area but it is very much a local's spot, so all those rules apply.nice selection of beers on tap, nice food.  it's a pub, that's what it is.  
happy hour is great - $5 for a plate of 10 wings and $3 pints.  good dart spot - but bring your own if you really want to play and don't ask those who did bring theirs if "you can borrow them".Purchased a Living Social for food a few months back based on the reviews of their fish and chips, so came in to take advantage last week. Clay loves fish and chips but rarely orders them out so I thought that would be a nice treat. 
We arrived to a large number of people enjoying the dart league but were able to grab a large table in the corner. The waitress seemed surprised to have other guests, but quickly got us the specials list.  We each enjoyed some local beers. I had a salad and the onion rings which were very lightly fried and tasty. Clay liked his fish and chips (mission accomplished!) and was pleasantly surprised that it also came with a nice house salad. 
We probably won't become regulars since it's not nearby but will definitely consider the Artful Dodger if in the area again. I really enjoyed the ambiance and Clay said it reminded him of traveling with his dad in England so they are clearly doing something right.Friendly server. Good selection of beers on tap. Nice little dining area. Shepherds pie large and tasty.Typical small pub, darts and sports bar atmosphere with good vibe and beer selection.   Super friendly bar tenders and staff.  Lately I've noticed the beers on tap lacking some taste due to cleanliness of the tap lines.  The food is pub grub.   While I love this place, there is potential for more; like better food.  Overall: good spot in a nice area off of South st.I walked past The Artful Dodger about a jillion times, sneering as I went, probably muttering something under my breath about it being a pseudo-ye-olde-english-whatever tourist trap.
As she often does, April smacked me out of my snobbery and forced me to finally walk in for dinner one night and I'm glad she did.  It's not gonna set the world aflame, but if you're hankering for some good old-school English Pub food (read: fish & chips, shepherd's pie, etc.) you really can't go wrong here.  Very solid and reliable, if somewhat uninspiring and weak in terms of service and atmosphere. 
But hey:  when you want good fish & chips, you want good fish & chips!the dodger is one of our favorite neighborhood haunts.  we had our first date here years ago, and continue to go back on the regular.  we love the buffalo chicken quesadilla and you can never go wrong w/the headhouse beef.  the bar is cozy and welcoming and the restaurant side is great if you're looking for a more quiet atmosphere.  they have a great rotation of local craft beers, and very friendly service.  it's a simple place with a simple menu, nothing overcomplicated which is exactly what a local pub should be.Great atmosphere! Love the name! Food was ok. I liked the gravy fries and the wings are so so (not world famous as said on the menu). May return sometime but not a favorite.What you see is what you get with this place. The quintessential neighborhood pub, I got to try this place for happy hour recently. They had Philly brewing company pints on special for $3.50 and our friendly bartender made sure ours stayed filled throughout our visit. Not many beers on tap overall, but the liquor shelf was stocked. The bar area where I sat has about 12 stools which were filled up at 5pm on this Friday. There is also a dart board which the regulars occupied while they had the MLB package on the multiple TVs. I wish this place was a little closer to where I live but I plan to stop back for drinks next time I am having dinner in Queens Village.Great neighborhood pub.  Recommend the Tuesday afternoon Doo Wop.  Fun starts between 2 and 3 for anyone that either has the day off or wants to leave work early to enjoy.Decent little spot.
A little bit out of the way on this corner of head house square.
Cozy bar.  Good spot to watch a game.  Attentive bartenders.
I always thought that this place was an "upscale" place.  But the bar area, is really like a dive bar.   Going to try their food next time I'm in the area.I went in here with a friend a while back to get drinks, a bit to eat, and to catch up.  I really liked this place, and I don't know why I haven't been back.  It's dimly lit and very pub-like inside, with a good beer selection and killer Shepherd's Pie (although not as good as mine!).  I also love its location on Headhouse/New Market Square.  I'd recommend this place if you want some good Irish pub food and a cool place to hang out.  It's chill.The food here was absolutely amazing. All of the food we ordered tasted great and I would like to go back and try some other things on the menu still. This place probably would have gotten 5 stars instead of 4 if our waitress (who was nice and attentive most of the time we were there) didn't keep our change from the bill without asking! We never told her she could keep the change, and she never asked If we'd like any change, she just took the bill and assumed the change was her tip--- which we were going to leave her anyway but still, it is the principle.My husband and I went here last Friday night and we really enjoyed ourselves. We got there at about 7pm and immediately found seats at the bar. The bartenders were friendly, but not overly chatty or invasive. We started off with the Walt Wit--I have tasted better in the city (it tasted like they maybe needed to clean the line)-- but at $4 a pint (we may have caught the end of happy hour?) it was totally worth it. Finished those and moved on the Yuengling Bock Beer which is the first time I've seen it on draft in the city. Oh, did I mention they serve REAL PINTS?! That's means a full 20 ounces of beery goodness! 
Excuse me while I do cartwheels around my desk...
Right. So anyways we decided to order some food and settled on the wings and the homemade fries with cheddar and bacon. We couldn't decide if we wanted the regular or "suicidal" sauce on the wings so the bartender suggested we get the regular and a side of the hot stuff. Very good call. The wings were excellent and the "suicidal" sauce was very hot, but extremely flavorful. The fries were good--not the best and not the worst I've ever had. 
They have a dart board, but keep no house darts...boo. Will have to remember to bring our own next time. Also, juke box with good selection of classic hits. Very nice. 
All in all we'd most certainly return and will suggest to friends.Artful Dodger is a small, homey pub tucked away on 2nd street, and it has the feel of a place that makes you want to be a regular.  The beer list is okay, but nothing special, ditto for the food.  Fish and chips were a disappointment; soggy rather than crisp.  
The bartender on my last visit was sharp, attentive, and a little sassy; which incidentally is the perfect combination of traits for a bartender.  The small bar has a few HDTVs playing sports.
Bottom Line: This tiny place certainly has the public house feel.  It's not worth going out of the way for, but it's a nice spot.was there for sunday brunch today and was more than pleasantly surprised.  we ordered the french toast with carmelized bananas...i have no idea what sort of bread they used, but it was thick, fluffly, and delicious.  the tator tots with bacon and jalapenos were fabulous as well.  we'll definitely be coming back!It's a cute little nook, I like it just fine. The dart board is in the back of the bar, right in front of the bathrooms which I like to point out to whoever I'm with, while adding, "You know if anyone's gonna get a dart to the earhole, it's this one over here..." *Points to self*  "...and that would make me the opposite of an artful dodger." Chuckle chuckle, insufferable. This is my routine for when I go to the Artful Dodger.  Seriously, I really can be a bit of a Magoo at times, wandering precariously, but really, no darts have ever buzzed my way. So that's good. 
I also like that their 8 draught beers are typically from an assemblage of local breweries like Troegs, Victory, Philadelphia Brewing Co. etc...though on a couple of  occasions, I've received beers that tasted a little off, as if touched with tap line funk. I prefer my funk to be adelic. Still, I giver the ole thumbs up. Good jukebox, friendly service, relaxed atmosphere... 
Please note: I enjoy also sharing my freakish knowledge of songs from the musical Oliver! when I'm here. An added treat.I've tried to come here twice and play darts.  Each time I've walked out frustrated.
First time, people were standing near the dart board and the bartender said that he "would not ask them to move."
Second time, the bartender said "someone stole our darts, you have to bring your own."
Gimme a freakin break.Love the look and feel of this place.  Bartenders are friendly and can be sarcastic, which I love.  Plenty of beer on tap and great selection.  The  bartender recommended a few of his favorite brews and my wife and I were very happy with what we got.
We stayed for dinner and the kids enjoyed the chicken.  I got a burger and fries , frankly it's the best burger I have had in years.  My wife got the chili and then shepards pie.  Wait what did you say,,,,,,shepards pie.  Yep. She loved every bit and only shared with me after I begged.  It was awesome.   All that food  and several drinks and it was still very affordable.  
This is going to be one of our regular stops when we visit the city.  Can't wait to get back and have another dodger burger!My wife and I love this place. The atmosphere is casual and the people are very nice. This place draws a nice quiet crowd just out to have fun. Not rowdy obnoxious people. The food is very good. The staff is nice and the beer selection is good. We are semi regulars and I think you should be too.What a difference an ownership group makes.  From Meatloaf Monday to Sunday Funday, the Dodger is back!  So nice that Joe and Christine saved a Headhouse Square legend.  Keep up the good work, keep adding great new specials and I will continue to let all my friends know just how much the Dodger means to me!I wanted to like this place so badly. It definitely seemed like the kind of dive(ish) spot that may surprise you with good food.... but this was not my experience.
First I must say our waitress was super sweet but couldn't make up for the glaring mistakes:
-Wings- severely undercooked...and I mean frozen on the tips... this is scary and worth reporting to the board of Health but I don't have the time or energy
- Tater Tots wrapped in bacon and stuffed with jalepenos and dipped in cheese- they sound way better than they are. I would not get them again for sure!
-Burger- tasted delicious but made my stomach upset for the next 24 hours (painful experience) so there must have been something bad about the meat.
I would never go back to this place. The only reason I tried it was because my friend had a Groupon.Total gem! One of the most adorable historic bars I've ever seen. Bartender/cooks that treat you like family. Great mid-day Philly surprise!Affectionately called "The Dodgy" by me and my flatmate (roomie), the Artful Dodger is as close as you can get to wee little British pub in Society Hill. We both moved to Philly weeks after returning from holiday (vacay) in London and the Dodgy was the perfect spot to discover right around the corner from our flat (apartment). It quickly became our local (fav spot) and we soon found ourselves hooked on their authentic shepherds pie and fish and chips. Not to mention the beer (my choice being Magner's cider).
Ok I'm done with the Brit speak... to be bloody honest though, this place is awesome. It's cheap, it's cozy, the food is delicious and the beer is cold. Whether you go to eat or to drink, you'll be pleasantly surprised by what the Dodgy has to offer. Pip pip, let's not dawdle with other wannabe British pubs. The Dodgy is the best in the land.oh, artful dodger, i would have granted you another star if it hadnt been for all the extra work i had to do at your place.  mid meal i mounted the bar , crow bar in hand and strode to the other end of the bar ( the bar keeps lair) and finally managed to pry a word or two from his mouth. this place is a little like english pubs, they had a good selection of draft beer, a lotta locals, and i gotta say, one heckuva roast beef sandwich. the sandwich and fries were awesome. i dont hold grudges really, and maybe i caught the guy on an off day or maybe he didnt like the looks of me but theres a level of expected service. so i leave you with mixed feelings dodger.The Artful Dodger is the best bar in the city, in my opinion. Reasonable prices, good bartenders, great food, local draught beers, and a really great ambiance. It's very much like Cheers- once you start going here, everyone seems to remember you and you feel right at home.
It still has the original beams from the original building from back in the 1700's...and the exposed brick and pewter mugs on the walls take you back to a different era. When you think about it, the same recipe that works for the Dodger now is what has worked for drinking establishments since, well, since drinking establishments began- good service, good food, good beer, good drinks, and a solid crowd that keep the place lively and entertaining.
There are always really good specials every day, and of course the daily specials such as Meatloaf Monday and Pie & a Pint Wednesday are sure to make a regular out of you. Mondays are my favorite- how many places can you get a gourmet slice of meatloaf, delicious mashed potatoes with gravy, and fresh, delicious sauteed green beans with a draught pint of your choice for $12? I rest my case. And you can't go wrong; all of the food on the menu is delicious. If I had to choose my last meal, it would be the Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla from the Dodger. It's that delicious.
Sporting events are always fun to watch here- Eagles and Phillies fans go crazy and the energy is palpable every Sunday during football season. It's a real crowd-friendly place. And there even seems to be some sort of invisible douchebag filter...the assholes generally get weeded out. So stop in at the Dodger and see what's going on. You won't be disappointed. And if you are, then you probably don't deserve to be there in the first place.I worked across the street and never been in there til the other day. I was on my lunch and was in a rush. Plus all my other employees bragged about  their veggie burgers. But to my surpise  they sold out of them for the day. So the Tuna on Seasame honey wheat  was suggested to me. Boy it was good and fresh. Not a lot of mayo just right the way I like it. Couldnt stay for a drink cause I had to return back to work.I heart this place.  I keep telling people that it reminds me of Cheers.  I've only been once, but the bartender was really friendly and attentive, but not obnoxious or pushy like you can too frequently find at bars in the city.   There were only a few people sitting around the bar, but everyone was chattin' up, making friendly conversation about random things.
Drinks are affordable and so are the appetizers!
I'm definetly going back for the restaurant side... even though the bar side is just fine with me!So, I went to Philly to meet one of my bestest friends to talk to her about her engagement.  What's funny is that I pick her up at 2nd/Pine, and then drive to Headhouse Square.  Not the furthest drive, but we weren't sure.  We started out picking Stella, but that was closed to fix something.  Then we wanted to go to Xochitl, but they were closed too (Mondays uninspiring in Philly???).  So finally, old faithful, the Artful Dodger was the choice by default.
Not very crowded, you seat yourself.  The waitress was very kind and attentive, even though we were engrossed in our conversation (the engagement!).  She came back, we ordered.  I got the Headhouse beef sandwich ($10).  Let me say - GREAT.  It was quite large, I wasn't sure I could finish (who am I kidding, I'm a beast - I mauled it).  A large helping of french fries (with an even larger helping of ketchup!).  I can't say a bad thing about it - maybe could've come with some au jus, but, that's just being greedy.  I got some tea, and it came out with an assortment.  I'm all over the place with this review, but I am still excited about the news.  
I can't say make it a point to come here, but if you're in the area, you can't lose here.Doo-Wop Tuesdays!!! I love this place. If you go on a Tuesday during Doo Wop, you're going to be called "Cousin" probably by one of my actual cousins, just beware! They also have a pretty fab beer selection. The food is pretty good too considering the place looks like a hole in the wall! Check it out!!Great location. That's probably othe only good thing I can say about this spot. 
The food was gross. It was to the point that it was not only inedible but borderline unsafe to eat. I had the burger, wings, and shared some tater tots- all pretty simple stuff but they managed to ruin all of them. I left feeling disgusting and regretted coming here. Needless to say I won't be back. I suggest you stay far, far away from Artful Dodger.Good ambience & music. Beer was stale. You have to walk thru the dart game to get to the loo--a bit of a hazard but a chance to interact with other patrons.Great bar to just hang out and watch a game.  Cheap beers and never painfully crowded.  You can actually have a conversation with people, so its busy but not overwhelming.  I always love a bar that serves tater tots.  Best bar food ever!  Also have delicious chicken fingers. Yum!before hitting the movies, we decided on a quick bite...went on a date here monday night, so it was pretty dead...however in a cozy relaxing way. had decent tunes and warm inviting atmosphere. we didn't check out the bar side, just peeked through the windows.  noticed a dart board, which was a nice touch for a british pub style eatery.  however, it was so high up on the wall, it must be only for show.  this was a downer, as a darts league could really bring this little joint some business. our server was friendly and attentive but didn't hawk over us.  she answered my chef hubby's foodie questions and even double checked with the kitchen.  i got a mid well burger, and it came out medium, which was not a big issue. i'm not a complainer.  it was thick, juicy and perfectly seasoned.  huge handful of savory hand punched fries and a house salad (with arugula and frisse!) with a creamy caesar dressing- all for $10! big portions here. he got 15 wings and french onion soup. his wings were big and meaty, the buffalo sauce a bit briney, but the soup was cheesy oniony goodness, with a dark rich broth.  we each got two yuengling porters too, and the total bill was around $40. would totally go back on a thurs or fri night to check it out again, and if you're looking for cheap eats while perusing south street, check it out! right by wawa.Do not go here! Food was horrible and we had to leave after apps due to a mouse sighting! Gross! We had two beers and two apps.  The wings were cold and the tater tots were served with a side of congealed cheese. Not what we were expecting at all.Sad to say the doors are closed.   I hope someone buys it and brings new life into this now landmark pub.New owners, new menu.  Had the Shorty Burger topped with braised short ribs.  Outstanding!  Soy, Mirin Glazed Pork Shank excellent also.Solid food. Sammies and salads rule.Nice little place, good atmosphere and decent selection.What the Artful Dodger may lack in aesthetic (at least on an empty Monday night), it makes up for in food.  Seriously, some of the best pub food I've put down.
When they brought out a salad worthy of a high-end restaurant I was intrigued.  Then the main course (chicken florentine) was a solid portion and extremely tasty to boot.  
I think that's the first time I've said "boot" in a review.
Go here.Its nice, but it smells like farts and mothballs. Each time I get a whiff of that certain smell I lose my appetite. It smells like grandma after a big bowl of chili and a tall glass of beer.
The food was so-so. It actually came out cold twice while I had dinner there. Nothing on the menu jumped out at me, the norm pub food. The happy hour was good. There weren't many people and the bartender was nice.
Its really just a typical pub with the added bonus of farts and mothballs.the bf and i wandered by this place.  i had no expectations, as it looks like any other local pub.  they were sponsoring a rousing evening of darts...and they were serving thanksgiving turkey dinner.  moist, well-made turkey with stuffing, cranberry sauce, and beans and mashed potatos.  i was sold.  the bf thoroughly enjoyed his ahi burger.
so, will i run cross town to head to the dodger again?  no.  but, i'm way glad that i've found a spot along that headhouse corridor where i can have non-disappointing food and beer.Meatloaf Mondays, need I say more? $12 gets you a pint and a good portion accompanied by mash potatoes and green beans. Philly is well represented in the draft selection as well as some other locals. Bring your darts too! The bar has a dartmaster which helps you keep score after 1 or many pints. Good chill spot to hang and has a fair amount of tables for a small group.The Dodger is the Philly pub that has come closest to bringing me back to all those wonderful pubs that I left behind in London. It has a wonderful stone and wooden eat in area that serves up plenty of Fish and Chips, Shepard's Pie and other traditional pub eats. and it has a laid back sports pub that has darts and a good jukebox.
It's one of those good middle ground places that rarely gets crowded. The crowd inside is generally relaxed and easy going. I've also always recieved nothing but good service and flowing beer.