My boyfriend and I stopped in tonight for a late night meal.  We arrived at 11:47pm only to be approached by a man grabbing menus.  Not once did he greet us with a hello, not even a smile.  NOTHING!  I thought ok well, maybe the hostess briefly stepped away and he's doing someone else's job that he shouldn't be doing.  My boyfriend said it's late, maybe he's tired.  After all it was nearing midnight.  He told us to follow him to our table.  A whole 10 minutes pass before our waitress even comes over with menus.  Seconds later she comes back with 2 cups of water and asks if we're ready to order.  Not even having had the menus in our hands for more than 5 minutes, we ask if we could have a few minutes to decide.  10 minutes lapsed, and she still has not come back to ask if we're ready to order.  Quickly surveying the room, I realized that she was the only waitress working maybe 7 or 8 tables.  We figured we'll be nice, it's not her fault she's the only one working (maybe there had been a call out).  We finally get to order about 20 minutes into being seated.  I ordered the beef veal dinner which comes with a soup or salad, and he had the turkey burger.  It was now 12:30am, and I hadn't even gotten my soup to start.  We realized the 4 tables that were seated before us had already been served.  Again, we let it go.  My soup got to the table around 12:35, and it was finished in less than 5 minutes, as we both shared it.  The waitress approached our table at 12:41 to tell us that she was sorry and that they ran out of turkey burgers.  It took everything in me to contain myself.  1. Not to curse her out and 2. not to be rude and to control my facial expressions.  You mean to tell me if took her a whole EFF'ing hour to tell us that our food hadn't even made its way onto the grill yet??!!  She then offered the menu again for other options.  It was then that someone came from inside the kitchen and gestured for her to come back.  After quickly speaking to him, she said, "I'm so sorry, I just got word that we do have it.  Someone must have put it in the wrong spot."  At this point, we agreed to keep the turkey burger.  We contemplated leaving a few times as all of this was happening but knew nothing else was open this time of night and were already starving from the long wait.  By that time I already knew my food was going to be cold, because it was probably sitting there as they rummaged for the turkey patty.  The food finally got to our table at 1:05 and, lo and behold, my food was cold and looked like it had been hurriedly slopped onto a plate.  My boyfriend's turkey burger looked presentable but tasted like cardboard and was freezer burned.  I knew something was wrong when he couldn't finish his burger, and he NEVER lets ANY food go to waste.  I just knew it had to be awful as he is the most simple and least finicky eater.  I was thinking surely they'd comp his part of the meal as the waitress acknowledged their screw-up more than once by apologizing.  Of course not.  What did she do instead?  She offered us a piece of pie "on the house".  My first thought was, did that just seriously come out of her mouth?!?  You have got to be kidding me, right?  There was no way in hell I could bear being in that diner another minute let alone spend more time there eating pie.  They were lucky we even paid for the garbage they call food.  
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.  I'd choose McDonald's over this sh***y establishment any day.  NEVER AGAIN!24/7 Don't be fooled by the times listed as I sat in the parking lot for awhile assuming they needed time to clean; nope! :)
Decided to try something new after dropping my boyfriend off at the airport around 4:30 in the morning, found this place on Yelp and was up for the drive over being in the city anyway. Was glad I did! The atmosphere gave a wonderful 50's diner feel and there being less patrons present made you feel like you found a secret gem that only veterans know of this early. The staff was prompt and open to my substitutions, though they had to check. I worried about being a pest as my waitress seemed curt but fair, I was assured by her personally that she was fine. So don't worry if the staff seems quick yet frank and to the point, they love having you there and you can't blame them being so early in the morning; I've been there myself! ;)
My cream cheese omelette was delicious! Got mine with ham rather than bacon and the eggs mixed so well with the cream cheese and onions, firm but soft, never becoming soggy. Potatoes were a great consistency as well and just complimented the meal.
I was drawn to this place from the mention of being on Dave's Dine-Ins for their chicken croquettes and I had to fight myself not to order them to go on a near hour drive home to Paoli, it wouldn't have done it justice I'm sure! Yet it still pulls for this Mainline girl to make the drive back to sample more of the classic, done right food! The desire to try one of their cocktails as well was strong, but knowing I had to make a drive back prevented me. Still with the shout out from Dave's Dine-In, the morning cocktails and their neighboring bakery there are many reasons for repeat visits!Came here to eat breakfast over the weekend.  The waiting line grew out the door but, I felt that it moved pretty fast.  The food was decent and the price was either reasonable or inexpensive. My only complaint is that they do not except debit or credit card payments.  You need to have cash which was a bit of a pain :/Okay so I swore up and down that I was done with this place. Unfortunately we had some friends with us and they insisted on this place. We went in this morning for breakfast. What a mistake! This place is a complete mess. Let me start off with the restroom, it was absolutely disgusting! They haven't been updated since probably 1980, and one urinal was busted, trash all over. This is unacceptable for a place that pretty much prints their own money. It was early on a Saturday, not at the end of the night.
The one and only good thing about this place is the French onion soup. It's very good, other than that nothing! I ordered a porkroll and cheese on an English muffin, first off $8.00! Yes $8.00 for a 2 slices of porkroll on an English muffin with cheese. What a complete ripoff! I've had better in a deli for half the price. They claim to only take cash to keep prices down. My daughter had grilled cheese, it was literally toast with American cheese on it not even melted, it was sent back. The others we were with seemed to enjoy their breakfast. It's sad what happened to the place, I was hopeful after a year not being here this place may have gotten better.  I'm officially done and will not return. I hear the owners opened another place in the suburbs, a bit of advice. How about you take care of the first restaurant before you open another. Sad to see these greedy owners taking advantage of the hard working people of the northeast. Stay away!I ordered the fancy french toast which was delicious!!! The toast was made perfectly! Definitely  recommend it.Great breakfast, love their speciality items that they have for breakfast each weekend. Had banana french toast with almonds- incredible. Eggs are good, and they have milkshakes that are real! Friendly service, only downfall is they dont accept credit cards, you must have cash on hand.Pretty good food and mostly great service.  One draw back is the staff smoking area is just outside the dining room and it seems most employees smoke and I have only witnessed 1 waitress go to the bathroom to hopefully wash her hands.  Most smokers I know are dirtballs who dont wash their hands so I get a little annoyed with smoking restaurant workers.Nice baked goods, the menu is huge but we primarily stick to breakfast which is typical diner food!Great food, I really recommend the hotcakes and syrup, but the way me and my mother we're treated was disappointingI saw this place on the Diners, Drive-in's and Dives page of the FN website and wanted to see for myself.  I have to say, I was dissapointed.  The rolls brought to the table before the meal were cold and seemed like they've seen better days.  I ordered roast chicken which came with stuffing, and cranberry sauce and gravy and got mashed potatoes on the side.  The stuffing, potatoes, gravy and cranberry sauce, I'm convinced, all came from either a box or a can.  The chicken, I'll admit, was cooked pretty nicely, though it was a bit bland.  For dessert, I tried the "Justly Famous" Jewish Apple Cake.  I'm thinking the only thing famous about it might be the name on the box that it also seems to have come from.  I wasn't a fan (in case you couldn't tell).I drove past this place a few times a week for a year, and one day we decided it was something to try. 
Good things first: the cake was amazing. We had a white cake and a chocolate cake, both with strawberries. The white cake was light, sweet, delicate and moist. The chocolate cake was rich and very sweet, but the sweetness complimented the strawberries. All the strawberries were very fresh and ripe. The waiter we had was very attentive, very nice, and was great with our 3 year old. 
But: the hostess was a bit short with us. We mentioned we had a little one with us and wanted to seat us in chairs near the door. We asked for a booth and that seemed to frustrate her. She stuck us behind the server station so we got to have butts in our face during most of our meal. There was a lot of, "Excuse me," and, "Sorry," being said between us and the staff. 
Everything we got was great except the pizza rolls. They were really doughy, maybe underdone. The sauce was pretty good, though. 
In all, this was a great place to eat.
Edit:
Went back, service was way better. All the food was amazing. We all especially loved the fried mushrooms and sauce. I got a turkey BLT club, and the turkey was perfect.
The cash-only thing is still kind of annoying.Always hits the spot. Classic American diner. Friendly staff. The lines you will wait in are a testament to the quality. Great on site bakery too.Sunday Funday breakfast!! Awesome potatoes pancakes, there bakery has slot of choices and super fresh. No credit cards but there ATM is in house   Old school servers take care if you like your the bossI have been eating at the dining car for 10+ years, sadly I will not be back. Over the years the food has changed, portions have gotten smaller and prices are rising. Although they say they will not accept credit cards to keep prices down. Keep prices down?  I ordered a turkey club for $9.50 and it came with no fries and literally a small souffle cup of coleslaw containing maybe a tablespoon or two. The sandwich was soggy, and literally had 1 piece of bacon on if. This is probably one of the worst turkey clubs I've ever had. For $9.50 it should come with fries and actually have some bacon. My wife ordered a chicken ceaser salad. It's was almost $13.00! For a salad! She said it was just ok and rather large. Maybe the dining car should offer a smaller option for half the price? Total check for sandwich, salad and kids meal was $37.00..ridiculous! I don't mind high prices when food is worth it. We have had the exact same meal at a diner cape may for $25.00
As for the service.. Well it was terrible. We went around 3pm, which was change of shift. Not a good idea! It took 30 minutes for our food to come out. 30 minutes for a salad and sandwich. And their glasses are getting smaller, so more refills are needed but the waitstaff if nowhere to be found.
Looks like we will be searching for a new diner in the far northeast and bensalem area. After being a loyal customer for 10+ years I'm done! I've given this place far too many chances! Maybe someday it will go back to the way it was.If you love your food as much as I do....just look at my reviews...nuff said!
This place is a ABSOLUTE DO NOT MISS! The Fried Mushrooms and French Onion Soup are simply to die for and an excellent way to start a meal off here. You can't go wrong any way you go here as all the food is amazing....an thats an understatement.The Dining Car is going the way of most diners in Philly, downhill.  The food quality is low to average, and portion sizes have been getting smaller over the last 2 years. 
My last visit will be my final, due to not the average food, but the terrible service. Our waitress seemed annoyed that we were seated at her station and after taking  our orders, ignored us to sit with her friends in the booth next to us. I had to wave my arms rudely to get her attention for a simple coffee refill. After that she promptly plopped her butt right back in the booth with the NE Philly Hoodie Patrol. 
I have been a longtime patron, but eating at the Dining Car has become unenjoyable. Average food, bad service, and still cash only! Wake up, it's 2015.
I'll just add it to my list of places a visit from Guy Fieri has ruined.The usual good food and service with a smile. 
I had the Pizza Burger.., which was done just right.Probably my favorite diner ever! French Onion soup is to die for!!! Servers are always friendly even when you and your friends are being loud and annoying after a night out.This is really a 3-1/2 star review, but I'm bumping them up to 4 stars. because their service is very friendly (slow. but friendly.  I chalk the slow part up to the cooking part, as it clearly states on their menu that everything is cooked to order and thus, might take longer than expected).  There, that's out the way!  We're originally from this area of NE Philly, so whenever we can, we visit the Dining Car.
I love going to a diner and being called "Hon."  There is something very comforting in that, and this is what you get at the Dining Car.  Our very friendly and efficient server, Dolores was wonderful and made us feel welcome.  She stopped by several times during the meal to make small talk, make sure we were OK, the coffee cups were full and that kind of thing.  We really enjoyed Dolores.  
Hubby had a cheese omlet (our visit coincided with either breakfast or lunch) and I had the chicken salad club.  It's pretty hard to screw up an omlet, so he enjoyed it with his side of sliced tomato (instead of home fries) and wheat toast.  Their chicken salad is absolutely the best!  Love their cole slaw too!  Stopped by on the way out to pick up more chicken salad and more cole slaw from the bakery take out section, which you must visit.  Their jewish apple cake is the best I've ever had.  They make delicious pies too.  Oh, and those butter cookies with the little dollop of vanilla or chocolate sitting in the center, yum!  
One more note, the Dining Car does not accept credit cards, but they do have a cash machine in their large vestibule.  This place rocks!Best diner by far in the northeast.  I've never had something I didn't like.  Can't go wrong with the French onion soup.  Food can be slow coming out but the service is good.My brother and I came here to because of Guy Fieri's DDD show. The restaurant looks a little old and have the classic Diners decor. The place is crowded like most yelpers wrote. But, the first thing I noticed was the wonderful smell of the baked goods. I told myself immediately I have to try one of those great desserts. Our service was very attentive even when she have about 4 other tables to take care of. Unfortunately, I can't say the same about our food. I had the pork chop, needless to say, I enjoyed the soup, salad and bread more. My favorite part was the fresh apple walnut pie. I couldn't believe how good it was. I had to share it with my family and they LOVED IT! I would definitely come back for the baked goods.The service was terrible. The waitress literally threw the check on the table. She was a disgrace. I won't be back.I am keeping this review as unbiased as I possibly can since I am not a diner type of person. But must give credit where credit is due. All their menu items are made fresh right in their kitchen and cooked nice and clean. Not the typical slop you usually find on your plate at most diners. Obviously a Philly favorite as the constant lines will tell you that.My wife and I love it here. The food is great the staff is wonderful. If you want a great diner experience come to The Dining Car. Don't be scared off if there is a line, even the longest line is 5-10 minutes. We have been coming here frequently for years and highly recommend. They are open 24 hours and have a great bakery. Try the Jewish Apple Cake also if you get the chance.They say (whoever "they" are), "No use crying over spilled milk."  But they never said ya can't WRITE about it :-)
So on this , my second visit to The Dining Car, I sat at the counter. I happened to sit directly across from the milk station where a large steel milk dispenser was situated. And situated under the milk dispenser was a glass with a little milk left on the bottom. Next to the glass were a few puddles of milk and on the other side of the glass was a slice of lemon.  And all of this mess was sitting there when i sat down,  when I ordered, while waiting for my food, while I ate and when I got up to pay the check and I'm willing to bet after I left, too. During my entire lunch, food servers, managers, busboys and trainees walked right by this mess and not one stopped to clean that  area.  If this was a hotter day, it would have smelled pretty rancid in there.
The lunch "special" was nothing special, Hey it's a diner. I guess they were on their best behavior for Guy Fieri, but some things have definitely gone downhill since his visit.  I ordered the 1/4 chicken lunch. It was pretty tasteless except for the salt and pepper I added to it myself.
On a previous trip I ordered from the healthy section of the menu - a turkey sandwich w/ spinach and cranberries. That had a bit more promise but again, it suffered a better review because the turkey was on the dry side.  I probably won't go back anytime soon, except perhaps to try their buttercake. I was going to purchase one to take home, as they have a bakery on the premises.  Wouldn't you know it...?  They had run out of the one thing I probably would have enjoyed.I really enjoy the Dining Car! I recommend the patty melt, turkey fontina cheeseburger, & Reuben. Service is fast and they're open 24 hours. Note it is cash only. I have only been here a few times so far, but each experience has been great. My sister loved the pepperoni bread and I know the croquettes are highly recommended. Stop by!Can never go wrong at DC. Never don't start your meal off with either mozzys, crock of French onion, or both.I love this place! I could be biased, since I've been coming here with my family since I can remember. It's been a while, as I've moved to Elkins Park, but today I decided to grab some take-out, and this place did not disappoint! I love their cinnamon rolls. Their Russian dressing is awesome. I always love their salads, and this is the only place I know of that actually uses radishes in their salads. Huge plus! They also had their baked mac and cheese today, which is fantastic, and the chicken croquettes are wonderful. I needed some heavy comfort food today, as I'm finally getting back to normal after a bout of food poisoning that might have come from some salmon at Buddakan. This meal from The Dining Car was extra satisfying!!I should preface by saying that I and my wife pretty much come here on a weekly basis. It is our Sunday ritual. And there is one reason for that... THE FOOD. 
Of all the Northeast Philly diners, the Dining Car has the most consistently excellent food. It truly is the SAME every time that you come. The menu is a tad more limited than some of the other diner menus, but I think that's because they do what they do and they do it well. They don't want to add a bunch of fringe crap that they aren't experts in. Their food is overwhelmingly why the public beats down their doors every weekend. 
Some disclaimers... They have a line system to get in. You enter the foyer and there is a line you must wait in to get into the diner itself and to the hostess... You do not put your name in. Also, this diner is cash only. They do have an ATM in the foyer.  
As for negatives... Service can be hit or miss and depends heavily on the server. There are 3 or 4 excellent servers, the rest can be on the slow and "forgetful" side. The kitchen wait can sometimes be lengthy, but I don't want to kill them for this because a) it is usually very busy when we go, and b) the food rocks, so they can take a few extra minutes.
All in all, the food is worth the trip to the Dining Car.We were seated quickly, a plus because the restaurant was packed, but service was a bit slow. I ordered an omelette that was a real disappointment. The eggs were rubbery and tasteless, the cheese inside wasn't melted, and the sliced tomatoes on top had a weird soapy dishwater taste to them that was kind of vile. The latkes were delicious (and served with sour cream!!) though. Everyone else (people ordered eggs, French toast, and another omelette) thought the food was OK, though I wasn't too impressed by the look of the homefries.
In short: overpriced for what you get.
Good things: the waitresses, though frazzled, were really nice, and we were able to sit for a bit after our meal was finished without anyone hurrying out, the bakery looked delicious, and the coffee was refilled often.I always come for breakfast so my review is based on breakfast. It's your standard dinner menu. They always have 3 daily specials usually one eggs potato and toast, a pancake or French toast & a oatmeal or cereal. They are all $3.99 and comes with hot coffee or hot tea. This is a great value or deal! They also have your standard regular breakfast menu. Nothing is overly expensive. I do like that you can order potato pancakes as your potato instead of home fries. 
The food is just ok. Nothing spectacular but it's not awful either. One of these days I should try the lunch/ dinner menu. 
They also have a bakery on premise and you can buy fresh bread or cookies or cupcakes or whole cakes. The selection varies so if you want a specific cake I would call and order ahead of time. The bakery is 5 stars. I love their vanilla cupcakes with chocolate icing! Always fresh & never stale. 
* cash only, there is an ATM inside but there is a surchargeWe went to the Dining Car for lunch today. It is typical diner food, which is good, but not stellar. We did not wait to be seated at all. Hubby got the shrimp platter and I got the chicken croquettes. We also got the pizza bread not realizing how big the portions were. Wow!   The chicken croquettes were great. I see why it is a top seller. Hubby says the shrimp was great. BUT...the best thing about our dining experience was the service!  Server was attentive and fast. My husband was talking to the manager and told her we were out of town and we were trying out some of the places that were on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. While we were paying the check, the manager gave us some butter iced cookies for "long drive back home". Who does that???  That was so so nice. Also, the original owner (current owners father) who is 92 yrs old was walking around talking to people. How sweet! The table next to us had food left on the table but the patrons were gone. He asked me, "I wonder why didn't eat all their food. Do you know why?"  I said "No, but you give huge portions." He said, "Maybe they just went to the bathroom." and then walked away. I found out later that he has a very slight case of dementia. He was the sweetest old guy.  This place is very family oriented. Try it.This used to be a great " greasy spoon " but now it is average at best. Their offerings suffer from not being cooked enough. The waittresses are quite nice and I feel sorry for them because they are the front line when a order is bad and have heard customers went off. Even their coffee is bad. I do not know what caused this rapid decline but we are done coming in here.Best diner in North East Philadelphia. I come here every other week for breakfast and occasionally for dinner. 
Don't waste your time on their "famous" chicken crochets. They are quite awful for a featured dish.I have been going to the dining car since I was little. You can always get a good meal here.  The baked goods are also great.  I got my son's cross cake for his First communion here and it was delicious. Some of my favorites. Chicken croquettes, French onion soup, roast beef club, chicken cheesesteak, patty melt, fries mushrooms, chicken cheesesteaks, French toast, cream beef on toast, apple walnut pie, angel food muffins.  Ashley is a great waitress.My must go to place when I'm in town. The BEST French onion soup ever! Liver & Onions is the Best! Mashed Potatoes & Gravy even their Creamy Italian dressing is something I crave! Been One of My Fav Spots my whole life!The Dining Car is my local diner, and I'm pretty attached to it.  I've been going there for as long as I can remember.  It's on Frankford Ave., just south of the I-95 Academy Road exit.  It's pretty big for a diner, and I always manage to get seated really quickly, even when there's a line (which there always is on Sunday mornings).  The waitresses are almost always friendly, and the food is pretty consistent.  It's not the best food I've ever eaten, but it's good for diner food.
I think their lunch food is better than dinner, so I usually only go for lunch.  I'm a big fan of their chicken cheese steak and turkey burger.
They don't take credit cards, as fas as I know, but they do have an ATM in the entryway, so you can withdraw cash if you need to.
What puts this place in the 4-star category instead of the 3 is not the food so much as the bakery attached to the diner.  Their bakery makes some amazing desserts, from butter cakes to cookies.  Yummy.  The best part is that you can order the same dessert from the menu if you go there to eat and don't want to buy an entire cake or pie.  Their peach pie is really good if you are there for a meal.  Check it out if you're in the neighborhood.  I think this is one of the better diners in Philly.I live around the corner fron this place, & really the only thing that I would come in here for is the cream chipped beef for breakfast (the beef is home made, & tastes it!!). It's very good, but the portions are small (I don't mind paying, as long as I don't leave hungry, which happens here!!), & this place is not cheap or even moderately priced. They are expensive (how do you think they pay for those commercials, folks?), & you better bring cash, as they don't take a credit card. Again, don't believe the hype!!I go here a lot and love it!  Love the French Onion Soup and the Apple Walnut Pie is not to be missed.  My favorite though is the Salmon Croquettes, even better the the Chicken ones if you ask me and the Mama's Chicken with the cornbread stuffing is fab!  Oh yeah-try the chicken pot pie-- I love that too.  On top of all this is the fact that the servers are really friendly and they have a bar.Avoid this place like the plague, seriously. Food tastes old, mediocre grade. Waitresses are rude and do not check up on customers. You can be waiting FOREVER for your food sometimes. No credit card use. Terrible, just terrible. I'm a local and I hate this place.The place is a neighborhood icon. It is a family run business that has survived for years.  That being said the food is typical diner fare. Nothing spectacular, but I have never gotten a bad meal either. Some of the specials they have are very very good, but they are not regular menu items. They have probably the best french onion soup in the city, and the service is always pretty good. Can't say anything bad about the place. It was just weird that they were on Diners Drive ins, and Dives. The croquettes don't have any seasoning in them really, and they are served over instant mashed potatoes, and the creamed chipped beef is like wallpaper paste. I guess to each his own though right? I will be going back for years to come.This is my favorite diner ever. My family and friends have been going to this diner for years. The only down side is that they only take cash.I have been going to the Dining Car since I was in diapers. Their food has always been great, especially for diner food. I'm a huge fan of their Bloody Marys.
Their bakery is also top notch. We got a custom-made shark cake for my nephew's birthday party and it looked and tasted amazing.
Overall, a great place to try if you're in NE Philly.I've been here a lot, so it's about time that I reviewed it! It's diner food. Nothing extremely out of the ordinary, but I enjoy it. I REALLY like the Turkey Orange Cranberry burger that comes with sweet potato fries. I also like the quiche. I always find myself drinking a lot of coffee while I'm here as well. They're cheap and they pretty much have everything.
I definitely give a thumbs up to the service. It gets a lot of traffic from groups after AA meetings and they are always welcoming, even it's 20-30 people dropping in on the fly. They always manage to ace all of our orders and get it out in a timely fashion (though no one is ever in a rush). Granted, the servers probably know by now the tips they'll be getting, but the service never falls short.A nice diner. Tons of options, yet everything we had was fresh and delicious. We ate here twice in the same day if that tells you anything :P Breakfast was great, chicken croquettes, chicken parm, hot turkey, soup.. everything we had I would order again!I love this dinner. For years now I have gone there to eat when nothing else is open.i am so totaly disgusted with the dining car that i will never go back again.  i take my grand mother and grand father there ever week end cause that's the only time i can take them both . ( i work )  so i go up to pay the bill which is not cheap and say " two senior citizens discounts please"  they tell me that it is not good for saturday's and sunday's. 
 shame on you joe morrison, your the owner of this place and up there in age to and your going to deny the seniors a discount!!!!!!!!!!!!  you should be ashamed of yourself for doing this to the elderly.  i guess that's why your rich and we people are poor.  keep your diner cause your a "greedy greddy old man"Soup was too thick (Creme of Chicken and creme of cauliflower) for our tastes.  Baked chicken overcooked and very dry, bread stuffing taste like it came from a box and not home made.  I guess we were really hungry as we eat most of what was served to us.  Server forgot that we order soup as an extra and did not charge us for it.  If need be, we would return to this restaurant in Northeast Philadelhia but only after our other options would be exhausted.  Does NOT accept credit cards!!!Classic diner feel - only come when that's what I'm looking for, but it never disappoints. Ive had the chicken croquettes and various breakfast meals, which are amazing. Weekend breakfast can get busy with lines out the door. Don't let this scare you. Line moves fast, and staff chips in to help each other with tables, which gives better service. No credit cards for payment, but ATM on site.When you think of food in 19114, you have to consider the Dining Car.  A well known tradition in the Northeast section of Philadelphia.
I must have gone there 1,000 times it seems.  
Now I wouldn't say everything on the menu is awesome as thats why I gave it 4 out of 5 stars but there are some really good dishes especially for the price points.
My top favorites there are:
Breaded Pork Cutlet with brown gravy
Chicken Croquettes
Omlettes
Pancakes
You are looking for a quick place to grab a bite or even some take out, consider checking out the Dining Car.You got to know what to order and when more than one cook I believe (assumption). Sometimes it's good sometimes it's bland the usual clientele probably welcomes that (50+). 
I will say this they have this salad that I love I've forgotten what it's called (sorry) 
Oh and the bacon is great
And pasta figol soup is a sure bet they also serve these sweet like dinner rolls while you wait on your meal yummy 
Besides breakfast I've haven't had anything elseIt pains me to write a negative review of this place but it seems the time has come to do so. Ate here for breakfast - there was a wait, but they do go through it quickly for which I give them credit. If there's a line, it won't last long. Can't blame them for being busy. We got sat, we both ordered eggs, potatoes, toast, and coffee. I got a side of scrapple and ordered my eggs over-easy. 
It took a good amount of time to get our first cup of coffee, more than it should have taken (over 5 minutes) and we didn't get offered a refill on coffee, or on my water, until when we were done eating - about 35 minutes between getting our first cup and being offered the second.  I remember coming here not long ago and you'd never have a half cup without it being refilled.
The food was a disappointment overall, especially considering how simple of a meal it was. My eggs were over easy, which means a runny yolk - these were just runny. The white was almost as runny as the yolk - no bueno. The potatoes (I used to say they did the best) had onions, which I loved because they used to cook the onions along with the potatoes giving the potatoes a great flavor. It seems that their method now is to dump a bunch of fried onions on fried potatoes - no magical potatoey-oniony magic going on there.
Overall it was a disappointment from what I've grown to expect here. I'll be back, but another experience like this one and I won't be.I've been here more times than I can count and typically order the same few things. The ham and cheese omelet/hashbrowns is a pretty good breakfast option, and the BLT is nothing special but I seem to order it over and over. The cinnamon buns that they bring out before your meal might be better than anything else here I've ever had, and the Jewish Apple Cake is probably the second best.During our Philly trip, we hit up this place *twice*!  In short, the reason was the cream chipped beef and the cheese fries.  They were both just really delicious!  The service was good and the place was clean, open late, and full of deliciousness.
The prices weren't over-priced at all.  The food was good, you got a great portion for what you paid, and it was totally worth the short drive outside of Philly downtown.Always have a great meal here!! The service is awesome and you never wait too long even if there is a long line. 
Their French toast are the best around. Love going here any day of the week for a great quick meal!!!Best Diner in the area.  Always a wait for a table on Saturday and Sunday.  Worth the wait.What can you say about Northeast Philly diners, other than they are consistent!! They have menus that look like books, but you need to know what to order.  Don't go with some specialty item unless you see people eating it.  
Staples at any Northeast 24/7 diner:
Breakfast (Anything)
French Onion Soup
Cheese Steaks
Coffee
Bakery
Cream Chipped Beef
Anything else is anyone's guess.Love the food, prices, and service here! Always a good meal and a goid time. They have a huge variety of food that is sdrved all day since they are a diner. Open 24 hours. Great placeIt is definitely not what it used to be.  it seems they get in the weeds too much due to the crowds and forget about you.  And the food is just ok.  however, I will need to continue to go there so my wife can get the French Onion Soup.For being featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives on Food Network, I was expecting this place to really impress. Instead, it's like any other diner. The food is decent, the prices are decent, the staff are decent. Like I said, like every other diner. They do have a separate bakery, which looks pretty yummy.My husband and I frequent here because we live so close. We usually only come here when we have a late night craving. And with The Dining Car being open twenty-four hours that really works for us. I know people that will state this place is the best unlike any other diner and others who hate it. I am in the in between. They have a lot to offer on there menu, but I really only stick to there cheeseburgers. They are always good! Staff is friendly and has a very neighborhood vibe.Call me old-fashioned, but I like my diners to have cakes on covered stands, shiny vinyl booths and waitresses who call me hon. Add to that a dessert list that goes on for miles and a menu that clogs your arteries the minute you read it and you have The Dining Car - and one helluva diner. You won't get 5 star cuisine here, but you will get serious comfort food and breakfast all day.  Down home offerings like the peanut butter and banana layered Fat Elvis cake round out what is undeniably a quintessential diner experience. Just be sure to bring your cash, as they don't take credit cards.What a fantastic diner! This is definitely one of my favorites in the Philly/south Jersey area.I really enjoy going to the Dining Car with friends and family. I've never had a bad meal. Sometimes, there can be quite a wait, but they keep the line moving. The bakery is also out of this world. I recommend the peperoni bread.If you want a quick friendly meal this is the place to go! From their breakfast to the lunch and dinner everything is always great. Their always packed but doesn't stop them from seating you quickly and serving you hot food. Servers are great and so is the menu! Only diner I will ever go to!Ive been coming here since I was alive.
They serve special breakfasts every weekend which are amazing! Things that have been included: Jewish Apple Cake French toast, eggs over silver dollar pancakes with crab meat topped with hollandaise sauce. They're also inexpensive, usually under $10.
They have dinner specials every night which are always yummy and fresh.They include soup or salad, entree, and dessert for usually under $15.
Top things to get there: creamed chipped beef, cinnamon dinner rolls, Bloody Mary, eggplant parm. 
Everything there is good. It's diner food so don't expect fancy food, however it's not bland diner food. Easily the best diner in Philly.My visit was in the late hours 2am+ The resturant was nearly empty and service still was slow and refills even slower. We were a table from the soda dispenser and it was hard to not get up when u see the waitress chatting and we r thirsty  but I remained civil. 
 So, I started with the French onion soup. Not the best but not bad either (Outback soup was way better). The cheese was very thick and gooey near the end I gave up trying to eat anymore. But the flavor and onions were good. Next were the fried mushrooms. One word....GROSS!!!! The thing that I didn't enjoy was when u popped them in your mouth u experienced an explosion of  nasty mushroom juice. The mushrooms were flavorless too except for the breading. I also burned my mouth on the first one so be careful if u do order these. My cousin ordered the pizza bread and it literally was worse than what comes out of a frozen box. Even salt didn't help this poor appetizer. They were out of the chicken croquettes sadly.... So I ordered a bannna split for my main entree. Only because this desert was pleasurable did i go up a star....otherwise I say don't go late at night when food and service is low quality.A nostalgic spot, The Dining Car has served as a backdrop to post proem pig outs, awkwardly cheap first dates, and late nite munchie sessions after one too many at one of the nearby watering holes. Still a go to spot for your favorite diner favorites, the nostalgia holds up as good as the food.It has been a long, long time since I have been to this northeast landmark.  My last experience I remember vaguely as not being very good.   However; today we had a good breakfast at the dining car - the potato pancakes were awesome!  My husband enjoyed his cheese filled omelet and the portions were just right for us.  I liked that they had veggie and turkey sausage on the menu and I think it will make a good breakfast place.    The service was attentive and friendly.  The prices were in line with other types of diner fare and the diner is comfortable and well maintained for a 24/7 operation.  It is a favorite breakfast place when in the area.Breakfast with the family. My cream cheese, bacon and tomato omelet was delicious. I'm kind of amazed that they found such a yummy tomato in the dead of winter. The coffee was very flavorful, but more than one refill was never offered. Decent for the price.As good as a Philly diner gets.  
The pros:  food is imaginative, plentiful, fresh
The cons: food is on the heavier side, no credit cards accepted
Verdict:  too bad, I did not find this place 10 years agoThis place has gotten progressively worse over the years. Everything is just so bland. The last time I went with my wife, and 3 kids I was so disappointed. I bit into a roll from our basket, and there was a spent cherry from a cigarette stuck to the side that I didn't see. I bit into it, and my whole mouth tasted like an actual ashtray. I got salmon croquettes. They were on top of what seemed to be boxed mashed potatoes, covered in a flavorless white sauce, and they were accompanied by a small bowl of canned green beans. It doesn't seem like they try anymore. Bland, bland, bland. They put a carrot slice, and a piece of kale on every plate that comes out. Why don't you use that money from the garnish which gets thrown in the trash to invest in salt, pepper, dill, parsley, paprika, thyme... ANYTHING. Breakfast is all they are good for anymore. Now they are changing their hours, and closing overnight. Unfortunately I think this place is circling the drain. It's sad. The owners seem like nice people. It will also be terrible to have ANOTHER abandoned building on Frankford Ave. if they do close their doors for good. USed to be such a treat to go there.For a diner, I love this place. French onion soup, cheese fries, chicken croquettes, and cream of chicken soup are def my faves to get here. Cream chipped beef is also good, but often depends on who is cooking it. Never a huge fan of the veg, but for one it's a diner, and two... most places screw up veg. But I go here for some better diner style food. Love the environment and the service. Never left dissatisfied and we have been going here for about 10 years.As much as I am NOT a fan of diners, I was impressed with the dining car. 
The service was excellent and the food was inexpensive. 
I had a cheese omelet with home fries well-done, and well done was exactly how they came out. They were crispy and delicious. Based on the Yelp reviews about the chocolate chip pancakes, i decided to order one and see for myself. They were perfect. Not too much chocolate, not too little either. In my opinion, pancakes are hit or miss at most places and these pancakes deserve two thumbs up. The coffee was also very good quality. 
Next time I am in the area, I will go back.Been coming here since I was a kid. One of the best diners in the Northeast. Open 24 hours and breakfast all day and night. Never a bad decisionThe past weekend, I had the unfortunate experience of going to The Dining Car. Overall I was displeased with the service and quality of food. I made sure to take pictures of the hash browns which were more like boiled potato slices because there was very little browning/frying and they were mushy. I have been to The Dining Car before and had a much better experience. That is why I am so upset and motivated to write a review. My first experience was with my college best friend who came to Philadelphia to visit. We were seated promptly, satisfactory service and good food. My second experience I was with a black man. The service was appalling! The waitress (Renate) acted as though she was scared to even give us eating utensils. Instead of placing them in front of us, she threw them down across from us. We were served food after several parties that arrived after us. Ms. Renate, did not ask how the food was, and only came back to give us the check. We had to ask another waitress for water. Microaggression? Misunderstood? I am not sure the reason for such poor service. However, if this is a whites only establishment, there should be a sign posted.I do not see what everyone raves about.  I live 5 minutes away and come here  now and then  Why?  Because the only other options are fast food.  First, the service  generally leaves a lot to be desired.  The waitresses at the counter apparently have a very poor system of determining who will wait on who.  They seem to be under the impression that another waitress is taking care of you and ignore you.  The food is average at best and often lacks seasoning or is very plain.  It is surely not exceptional diner food.  Yes, Diner's Drive-In's and Dives came here a few years back.  To their discredit, the chicken croquettes that they made famous are little more than a slightly upscaled chicken McNugget tossed on a bed of mashed potatoes and smothered in bland gravy.  I'm convinced they only ended up doing a show here because they were on their way down I-95, took the Academy exit and saw that it was either a fast food joint or this place.Hmm, not a huge fan of this place. 
I've gone here a lot in my life and each time the experience is just never what I am expecting. I usually get a super rude server and the bill always seems a bit more than you'd think it would be for food that is not even that great.
In my opinion, there are way better diners in the NE than this one. But, for what ever reason, it gets a lot of hype for being the best.The cream cheese omelette is everything. It's a good change from regular cheese.  I had coffee over the a Bloody Mary.  Next time will try the Bloody Mary!!I had a very enjoyable breakfast at The Dining Car. We were there around 11am on a weekday and the parking lot was packed. Despite that, we were seated immediately in a nice booth. Our waitress was friendly enough, and service was definitely not slow. We placed and received our orders within the span of  25 minutes.
I had french toast with a side of pork roll (super yum!), my fiance had two fried eggs with bacon and home fries, and our friend had a spanish omelet with scrapple and potato pancakes. The home fries were really good, but I was super jealous of my friend's potato pancakes! My fiance was a little disappointed that the egg yolks of his fried eggs were not runny at all. He asked for fried eggs with no specificity, so if you are particular about your yolks be specific when you order!
The atmosphere was great. I'm from Jersey, the land of diners, so I can be pretty picky. Everything was so clean- no greasy film on the lights/windows/utensils. I didn't buy anything from the market, but all of the treats looked delicious! I would definitely come back to fulfill my diner cravings.