Went for dinner on a Tuesday and the food took over an hour, not to mention we were the only table in the place.  The ambiance was terrible.  Considering how much competition is in that area of South Philly, don't bother.Like the wings and service..
But that karaoke DJ is terrible. You really have to see it for yourself. What kind of DJ accepts bribes? If you don't bribe him, you'll wait all night to sing one song. MAYBE. He literally has the easiest job there, and he can't even do that right!!
 I won't go back until he's gone. It's a shame.Let me start off by saying I loooovvvvee the Adobe cafe... In Manayunk. I'm sitting here now in the south philly one.... The only people in the dining area and getting no service from the wait staff who are watching the game. The endless nachos that are normally amazing are again horrible. Stale and nasty.... Asked for fresh was told no. Messed up.the drinks. Waiter placed the wrong appetizers in... Yep, still here Hungry. What a bust! I'm so sad I didn't go to Manayunk and get my adobe fix.This place is a true hidden gem. While the atmosphere is a little tacky and divey, the food is great and the service is awesome. What I love most about this place is that they have more vegan options than an place else in the city. Pretty much everything on the menu can me made vegan. The tofu tacos are delicious and the seitan wings are incredible!! I also like that this place is very low-key and quiet. You never have to wait for a table. I come here often and plan to continue to!This review is strictly for my experience at the bar and Friday night karaoke. The Adobe Cafe seriously has so much potential for a great karaoke spot but unfortunately this was my second and probably last visit. 
So the bar service was fine. It was crowded but I didn't have to wait an unreasonably long time for a drink. The house margarita on the rocks with no salt was my beverage of the night. It was $6 for a reasonably sized, decent strength margarita. It might have been overly citrus flavored for a house margarita but it was decent overall. 
Friday night karaoke takes place in the back room on a little mini stage at the far end of the room. The set up of the room was a little tight. There were two long tables stretched out in the middle of the room set pretty close to the side tables. As a result of the spacing, I kept getting knocked in the head by a guy at a side table the entire evening. Fun. 
My main issue was with the karaoke DJ. I get that it's a Friday night at a popular bar in a hopping part of town, but I wasn't expecting to walk in and get on stage. I was just hoping to get a chance to sing a song within a few hours of my arrival. The DJ's unwritten rules, or lack of regard to her own rules, just weren't cool. If someone in your group gets called up and they have also signed up for a group song, the group song goes to the back of the line or tossed completely. Clearly it wouldn't be fair if the same people are constantly on stage and I get the purpose of moving people back in the line. However, a group song shouldn't get chucked and a group of regulars shouldn't get to by pass the rule all night long. 
Unless you are in the DJ's inner circle, there are other spots in town for a good night of karaoke.As far as drinks and karaoke go, this place is tops! This is one of the first bars I was every whisked away to when I first move to Philly. After hiding in my apartment for weeks, not knowing a soul, my roommate and a few friends brought me here and it felt like the most surreal experiences ever. The drinks were decent, the decor made me feel like I was in Mexico and the patrons were friendly. It kind of took forever to get a drink, but whatever. Overall, I had a great time. 
The funniest part of that night was watching people mysteriously disappear into a back room all night, finding out much later that there was a  karaoke night taking place, and walking into a huge room full of very drunk, insanely happy singers. Everyone was into it and I seriously enjoyed the vibe. I would love to come back here any day!I so want to give this place a good review but based on service I just can not do it.  My boyfriend and I frequent this establishment solely for the wings the tequila special and that's about it. Me and my girlfriend went last night we sat at a side table for about 20 minutes and never got waited on or even greeted for that matter. We decided to move to the bar figuring maybe they would acknowledge us. Luckily the woman bartender was nice once we made eye contact she took our orders right away and was very nice. The guy bartender on the other hand is rude. He basically ignores you. So if you go just sit at the bar or in the dining area because time is money and I don't like wasting mine.I like the flavor of Mexican food but worry that it is too heavy and fattening to enjoy often. We are very happy then that Adobe Cafe makes so many vegan options for traditional Mexican meals.  Last night we had the tacos, which were spectacular, along with the vegetarian combo meal.  Most items on the platter were flavorful, although the beans, rice and one of the entrees could have been a little more lively. I guess that is why we were given a fabulous little basket of hot sauces: each one of us livened up our meal as we pleased. And that made us all happy.
My daughter's adult beverage was sub-par unfortunately.  We went to Adobe rather than some of our other choices just because it does have alcoholic beverages on the menu.  Next time, we won't order a mixed drink though.Has Adobe jumped the shark?
Adobe became one of my regular haunts in South Philly over the past 7 years. Mostly because I love that they have karaoke on both Friday and Saturday. It's entertaining and good, social fun.  However this past Saturday the experience was a complete bust.
We came around 10ish and immediately put in some songs to sing. We waited hours and in the meantime some people sang two or three times, and some that had put in songs after us were going first.  We were informed by a nearby patron, "You have to go complain to the guy, then he'll play your song."  I glance up to see a line 7 or 8 people deep at the DJ area. People had actually queued up to complain so that they could go up and sing. The DJ had a mess of papers everywhere, and others were also complaining because there is no more paper to write songs on.  I simply have never seen this level of disorganization for a karaoke DJ.  It's a shame that the previous DJ Amanda left.  She was amazing at organizing the song flow, being fair and pleasing everyone, letting people know when there were too many songs in and what the wait would be.
Since I'm not getting my karaoke on, I decide to do some more drinking and go to the bar.  But each time we try to get drinks we are usually vaguely ignored for about 20 minutes.  There are piles of credit card receipts and dirty glasses everywhere on the bar.  The bartenders were working, and friendly, but were totally in the weeds and unable to keep up.
So, I decide to play some foosball. The other main reason I love Adobe is their free foosball table in the back dining room. I'm watching four people play, considering asking to jump in on the next game.  Then I realize they have yet to replace the two missing men from the table.  Not only that, now one of the rods is missing a screw and completely pulling out of the table.  These issues would only take a few little screws or replacements parts.
I return to my group of friends in the karaoke room where it's about 90 uncomfortable degrees.  No songs to be sung. No drinks to be had. No foosball to be played. And I realize the horrifying truth that, although Adobe was always a dive where the food was horribly overpriced, it was usually a dive where I could get at least get karaoke, beer, and foosball.  Adobe had moved beyond a fun dive to a dump, where they don't care to hire a competent karaoke DJ (their bread and butter), they don't care to hire another bartender for extremely busy Fridays and Saturdays, and they don't care to buy a few screws to fix the foosball table. I hope the managers read this, because without a bit of extra effort you will start to loose the patrons that supported your business for so long.This place is rock steady for me. Not amazing, not terrible-- so it's not my first choice for Mexican because the prices are a little higher than it should be for a place that's mostly mediocre (entrees in the $14 range). I've never been here when it's totally packed, so kinda surprised this place is still staying afloat. I think it has something to do with having a bar with lots of flat screen TVs. They do have decent happy hour specials if you're in the area and you're looking for something low-key. Servers are always nice even if they're short-staffeddive bar with gourmet prices. go for the drinks go elsewhere for food unless your totally trashed and then it doesnt matter anyhow. but either way youll be overpaying.
the soup provided didnt at all resemble the description...no sign of potato, corn, or chorizo but  visually resembled a curry with no discernable taste...certainly microwaved before serving.
tacos served with beans that resembled a pile of dried bloody diary, you know how they say that black poo means blood instool...well yeah...again soemthingsitting on a burner for hours, throw some water beer or stock in there ffs to keep up with the evaporation. beef was crunchy, again more nuked stuff. rice seemed boxed likenthey shop at the acme up the street, come to think of it the stringinesss of the beef is spot on with acme.
get drunk, leave before other places close, or load up on hot sauce. the place is huge but the booths were empty because the food sucks...just demolish that area and apply for a caberet license to put in a dance floor, will cater to the people who get totally smashed in there. shrink your menu to something you dont have to nuke or fry in 2 week old oil. then i may  stay for more than the drinks when everywhere else is packed at the bar.
this is mexican food from the international aisle in the supermarket, they must be the only restaurant(whether be chinese, japanese, italian,....) without mexicans working in the kitchen. much of the pictures are from 2 or more years ago, dont trust anybrepreseanration of the food if more than 6 months old. maybe im biased, coming from san diego where you cant help but to trip over a decent taco but between here and cantina id go for cantina but only then chips or burrito with special requests. asse the ridiculous food prices to cover the unused square foootage in the dining room.
come to think of it the e passyunk area sucks balls when it comes to late night food, ie after 12am. we desperately need a food truck alley to compensate for the dismal brick and mortar options.This place gets 4.5 stars for their wings.  4 stars for their Spanish fries.  0 stars for everything else.  We have ordered everything from desserts, chili, steak, burritos, chicken, to guacamole, and it all sucks.  Really.  However we still continue to get food here because we are absolutely addicted to their wings.  They don't always get our order right when we order takeout.  We still deal with it though.  Just for those damn wings and fries.I live right around the corner, and I've eaten here before, so even tho I should have known better, my laziness got the better of me. I thought I'd play it safe and ordered a taco platter. Steak tacos. Well, it was more like a bad cheesesteak wrapped in a tortilla. I expected strips of steak. Instead I got chopped steak infused with cheese - like a (bad) cheesesteak. The refried beans tasted like they came out of a can and the rice was dry and tasteless. The only good thing was the salsa and chips, but this lousy meal cost $16.00! Outrageous to say the least. I will never go back. BTW, if you want REAL Mexican food, take a ride to Conshohocken and eat at El Limon. It's right on Fayette street between First and Second Avenue. The food is authentic, tasty and cheap. Also, you're not gonna believe this, but they have FREE margaritas! Check out the Yelp reviews and you'll see what I mean.If I was just reviewing the bar, I'd maybe give Adobe 3 stars. Maybe. Mediocre place to grab a drink, with friendly bartenders. Prices are average (decent happy hour, too), but a sub-par beer selection. 
The food knocks it down to 2 stars. With so many other great Mexican places close by, they simply cannot compete. Very underwhelming.My go to on nights where I don't feel like making dinner and I don't want to spend too much. They have the $5 burrito special and I always order the duck burrito. And can't leave without a tequila and tecate special. The wait staff can be sparse at times but everyone is usually nice. There are certain nights where people come for karaoke and it amazes me how different walks of life come here to sing.Eating at The Adobe Cafe is like stepping into your time machine back to 1996 and visiting a college town and eating at the "Mexican" restaurant that's only in business because college students don't know any better. Also this college town should have very lax inspections in terms of food service establishments. Also this college town should have no one with an eye for ambience or design. Unless you like eating at restaurants that play two competing songs simultaneously throughout your entire dining experience, and unless you have no taste buds, and unless you have no problem with the sweet sweet scent of industrial strength cleaning products applied who knows where since the place is dingy ... then deffo eat here.
This place is so bad that a bunch of my girlfriends met up here and I was like, sorry ladies, can't do it. The thought of this place makes me want to yack.Food took forever .. quanity for the price was horrible  and was not the best. .. never got plates napkins etc .. disappointingEnjoyed a delicious dinner using our Groupon! I had the Stuffed Chicken Breast with grilled veggies. It was stuffed with goat cheese, spinach and roasted peppers. It was excellent! My husband had the blackened  tilapia and it was very good. Cooked perfectly but you'll need to ask for double blacken if you want it some what spicy. Our waitress, Dolche, was adorable and friendly, made great suggestions for dinner and dessert which were excellent. They are so good with telling you about the Groupon--it's a great deal! App, 2 dinners and a dessert! 
This our fourth time here and we keep coming back because the food is amazing, outstanding service and friendly atmosphere! We will be back again:)I never thought I'd frequent this place on weekends.  But, we've discovered that they have karaoke on both Friday AND Saturday.  If you're a karaoke fan you know it's somewhat difficult to find karaoke on a weekend night at all, let alone a bar that has it both nights.  This seems to bring an odd mix of people out of the woodwork so the crowd is usually weird and hilarious.  Last week we saw a small white dude doing a phenomenal rendition of Missy Elliott's "Work It" and then two huge black dudes sing Oasis.  Way to break racial stereotypes, Adobe!  By the end of the night people are usually drunkenly dancing to the singers.  Great time.  The host is great too, quietly and seamlessly transitioning between singers with a musical choice of her own.
Oh, they also have a Corona foosball table in the backroom which we've ended up playing on many a night.  Foosball tables are rare in Philly so this is a great thing.  They also recently replaced the one missing player!  Bonus!
There's always one or two okay craft tap selections on.
Still haven't given the food another shot... but this unexpected nightlife aspect of the bar (as Bill M. observed) deserves at least one more star.I'm confused why some reviewers commented on the food being tasteless. I'm a big fan of mexican food in all its incarnations, and for that, tend to be critical when its not good. We had a delicious meal from the shrimp quesadillas to my mushroom enchiladas. I was already full on the chips and fresh salsa and wound up taking most of my meal home for lunch the next day. I love their many, many options from veggie meats and fish tacos. I can't wait to go back and try something else!I've eaten here a few times over the past several months, and I have to say that I really do love the food, drinks, prices, and casual ambiance. I'm giving it a 3-star however, because I have never once been pleasantly surprised by stellar customer service. 
I've shared $10 margarita pitchers, eaten a couple scrumptious burritos, and also hosted a small birthday shindig here over the summer. The prices are always right and the portions fill you up - two can share a burrito! 
When I hosted that party, we were given the reservable "back room" to put a few tables together and hang out. We were told, though, that there wouldn't be a waitress for us and we'd have to go to the bar. It all worked out fine, but left me wondering why a server wouldn't just take care of us and make a few extra bucks (since they weren't overly busy that night either!). 
One busy summer day that I sat on the patio with some friends, the service was actually downright bad. The waitress left us waiting about 10-15 minutes each time we needed her, and one of the managers ended up attempting to take care of us. It was obvious that they were slammed and very short-staffed, but again, left me wondering why they couldn't schedule their servers more appropriately or call in a back-up. 
This place is overall very chill, has a unique South Philly (E Passyunk) neighborhood vibe, and is a nice cozy spot to grab a quick bite or drink. I just wish that decent service would go along with the otherwise excellent experience.Yuck.  We decided tonight to give it "one last try" after two previous visits with slow service and mediocre food. 
The service wasn't bad, but the food sunk far below our threshold of "mediocre."
After starting on the clearly store bought chips and salsa, I looked past the salsa-smeared menu and ordered the combo, with refried beans clearly from a can, yellow rice mixed with canned vegetables, a deep fried flavorless recently-defrosted chicken flauta, a somewhat decent but still not fresh chicken enchilada and a "taco" - rather a cold flour tortilla stuffed with the same filling as the enchilada. I nearly forgot the dry and inedible beef tamale. 
I was able to eat the enchilada. 
My dining partner got the chicken enchiladas, and liked them less than I did. 
We were yet again the only people in there, and understandably so. Was anxious to tell the staff how unhappy we were, but our full plates were cleared without question. Obviously they know what they're serving.For starters, this is the second branch location of Adobe Cafe I've been to. I have been to the Manayunk location. I had a terrible experience at that location, so I was hoping that the Passyunk location would prove me wrong. It is only metered street parking availability.They have outdoor seating, and a full bar. Lighting is kept at a minimal and Spanish music is playing in the background. Our server was pleasant and checked back on us several times for beverage refills and to ask how we are doing so far. Place is dusty and needs a thorough cleaning. Our table felt sticky, it seems that they used the same dirty rag to clean the tables over and over again. The black beans on my sampler platter was over dry as if it has been sitting in the pot a long time. The crispy beef flauta was hard and dry, the beef tamale was dry,no flavor, and crumbly. The shrimp taquitos have very little shrimp, and too much sauce and mushrooms. I am disappointed to say that this location also was not an improvement from the Manayunk location......went for karaoke last weekend and i forgot what a party it is! super fun. starts off a bit mellow with a few south philly regulars, and then all of a sudden you're in the middle of it. super rad. this place has many vegan options as well, so it's a great experience for several reasons. looking forward to my next visit!Service was excellent, food was good, drinks were meh. I'd say that the drinks and dessert were priced right, but entrees and apps a bit pricey. Probably wouldn't come here again except forCaught a beer and a $1 tequila shot here before dinner at Tre Scalini next door, oh did I mention I was able to watch Cole wind down his shut out to clinch the NLDS without a mob scene and with an actual drink in my hand? Bartender was friendly 2 beers to shots $9.  I've eaten in the yunker one, always good.  Will be back!So many good times here so many good friends here. This place is not a bar this place is more of a friends hang out. Inexpensive shots so you can't go wrong. So stop by and support your local businesses.
this place is 5 stars in the  you get what you pay for and what you are expecting category.
ok  first off the drinks and the food is fairly priced. you usually do not have to wait for a table.  the wait staff is attentive and the service is good. they seat big parties and do not have problems splitting bills or taking my multiple restaurant . com coupons i'm always using.Adobe is a great Mexican joint with a full menu to choose from. They honestly have the best salsa I've ever had. I crave the salsa! 
I've always been a fan of their food: Mexican pizza, enchiladas, quesadillas, MMMMM! So yummy. I'd recommend this place to someone looking for good Mexican food at a great price.Honestly nothing we ordered was worth it! I would recommend only coming here for happy hour for $0.45 wings and cheap margaritas and small apps. Those were actually decent for the price, but this review is for the food not during happy hour.
These are the things I got that were disappointing and costed quite a bit:
coconut shrimp (not shown) - a bit too sweet
BBQ duck burrito - WAY too sweet, the rice and veggies were okay
steak faijta - nothing special hereReasonably priced & extremely fun place to hang out. I visit at least 3 times a month. Cheap pitchers of margarita's, wings and other appetizers during happy hour. This place is a must for karaoke on the weekends. I prefer Saturday nights over Friday. There's usually a bigger crowd on Saturday nights. The karaoke fun starts around 9m but I suggest being there a little earlier to get a seat. Come expecting to sing ALL types of songs. Old school, new school, hip hop, rock. You name it, somebody's singing it. The crowd really gets into the act. They sing along with everybody. Strangers might come on stage with you & sing background or dance even with you. The atmosphere is come as you are. Dress down, dress up do whatever you like. It's a judgement free type of place
The wings are a must if you go here. They have 2 types listed on the menu but only serve one kind, not sure which ones, but it don't matter because they'll give you what they have. The Mexican fries are also good. They offer a variety of beers and outdoor seating for people watching on the Avenue. The only down side is that the pitchers of margaritas are watered down sometimes. Think it depends on the waiter/waitress. Not enough of a reason to stop me from going. The pitcher is so cheap during happy hour, around $10-$12, that we just order more than one. 
NOTE: they changed their happy hour time. It starts at 430p now, which is a little bit of a rip off. Who goes to happy hr @430p? It used to start @5. Seems like they changed it once they started to become more popular with the younger crowd.I love this place. My boyfriend and I frequent it pretty regularly for happy hour and for karaoke. They don't have the best food in the city but it is good if you find something on the menu you like and stick with it like I do. I happen to be a vegetarian and think the seitan tip sandwich, or seitan tip burrito is pretty good. It's cheap enough, we like the regular bartender and we are able to get all the things we want from going out on an average day just around the corner from our apartment so it all works out for us!
Also, my boyfriend says they have the best karaoke he has EVER been to.
How about that? ;)Nothing worth it here. My drink was watery and super sweet, the food was mediocre, the service was slow despite not being crowded on a Friday night, and the acoustics made it easy to here the annoying conversation of the bros next to us.I've only been here once, and can't wait to go back! The server was very friendly. The sangria was prepared just to our taste. The mole seitan was delicious. The vegan sour cream was a little ucky but..the fooze ball table made up for it. Will definitely be back.Happy Hour is a great value here.  Good beer selection and good house margi.  Now I prefer Cantina's fruit flavors margis but I don't always feel like paying for those.  Chips & salsa are yummy.
On Tuesdays (I think): 1 plate of wings + 1 pitcher of beer = $10.
The atmosphere is laid back, Foosball in the back, huge dining-room although all clients seem to hang at the bar, even another dining-room upstairs (if you wanna host a big party).
It's a nice respite from all the Italian spots nearby.Really easy to get to by PT and a friend and I did this today. Took the trolley from west Philly and used free interchange at 15th street to transfer to the Broad st train. Take the train southbound and get off Snyder. Very easy. And close to the subway train station!
Yup, my friend has been here before and I have only been to the Roxborough location.
Same menu, lots of Vegetarian choices: (Seitan, Veggies, Tofu choices).
Ordered my old familiar (and fave entree): Seitan Enchiladas. Yum!  Very flavorful and filling with black beans and veggies. My friend also had a Skillet Seared Seitan Tips, which is actually under Appetizer and she said was very filling in itself. 
Very mellow, since we had a late lunch. We will be back. Again and again!Heard great things about this place so we decided to give it a try, greatly disappointed. We had the wings for our appetizer and they were great. I had high expectations for our entrees. I had the chicken burrito, which I'm pretty sure was made with lima beans. I could get better Spanish rice from an uncle Ben 's package.This place looks like a time warp decor wise. The staff was nice and the people at the bar but that was it. I ordered a chicken burrito with veggies and rice on the side. The burrito was full of slimy pinto beans and bits of chicken (very little) and that's it. It was flavorless. Veggies soggy and rice tasted like uncle ben's rice that had been hanging out for two days. I can say I did not get sick. I hear the kitchen is immaculately clean from restaurants bar insiders. My burrito was $15. I would have rather gotten a microwave burrito and saved my $. 
They do have a veggie and vegan menu. I cannot say much about their vegan choices since I haven't tried it.
I give it a 3 stars because its is clean, the staff is nice, drinks are cheap, and the have vegan options. 
Forgot to mention I asked for salsa or pico de gallo since they advertise Mexican cuisine. They instead brought me siracha, tabasco, and cholula which is a nice gesture but I asked for pico de gallo.Wings. Thats about it. Not a bad happy hour spot. 4:30-6:30. Apparently some people get out of work at 4:30. I don't get it. Anyway, the wings are great, house sweet, slightly spicy and perfectly cooked. Really crispy outside, but still plenty moist and delicious inside. Some of my favorites in the city. If they stepped up their ranch game and offered some other flavors, they would be five star wings. The ranch is really runny and watery. Reminiscent of a 2:1 fat free kraft to water ratio. So good for happy hour wings. Oh and if you buy a beer, you get a shot of tequila for a $1. All the time. Can't beat that with a stick.Their Saturday karaoke is crazy fun. I've been several times and it's always just a blast. My recommendation is to put your request in when you get there, since if it's busy you'll probably still have time to get a couple drinks comfortable before getting called up. It's always a really fun crowd, and people get up and dance when there's a really fun song being preformed, it definitely has one of the best vibes of anywhere I've been for karaoke in Philly. The drink specials are great too... phew, yeah, they're good.I love adobe! My girlfriend showed me this place and we come frequently now. Get a beer and a shot of tequila for 5.50, and follow up with some slammin food in the dining area. And then head to the stage for some karaoke! All around a good time and a thumbs up for my opinion. The bartender Dulce is always a great bartender and such a friendly, welcoming person. She's always got a smile on her face and is very attentive. Summertime they got the tables outside which is nice to sit at.Fantastic service.  The waiter was extremely friendly and gave us chips  and delicious salsa as soon as we sat down.  
We had a Groupon which was an amazing deal- for $28 bucks we got an appetizer, 2 entrees and dessert.  The calamari appetizer was crunchy and nicely seasoned and the portion was ENORMOUS.   The rest of the food, however, wasn't that great.  The crab cakes were really flat like pancakes and had no crab in it.  The key lime pie wasn't bad but it was more like a cheesecake with lime sauce on it and the crust tasted kind of old.  The drinks were really cheap- a pint of margarita was only $6 bucks.  
I noticed they also had karaoke in the back.  I'm not a good singer, but if I ever want to practice I'm definitely coming here.  There were only 5 people in the room and everyone singing was pretty terribly.  
I'd probably come back again for drinks and I'd like to try to tacos to see if they're any good.  This place definitely got an extra star because of the amazingly nice waiter.the service is soooooooooooooooooooooooo slow .I think they only have two waitress.And the checken breast taste like rock.We have never been disappointed with their delivery.  Good is always good and they give you an "adilt size" meal. Even the containers they deliver the meal in is impressive. Looking forward to being able to sit down in the restaurant and have a meal fresh out of the kitchen!Good:
EXCELLENT vegetarian and vegan selections (they offer regular cheese, soy cheese, and vegan cheese)
Friendly service
Quantity is plentiful
Not so good:
The fact that no one's ever there creeps me out
Kind of expensiveI have walked by this place a million times, but had never stepped foot into it. It was cold, the first snow of the year, so I slipped in. 
Football was on, so I stayed for a bit. I ordered the recommended steak tips, had my citywide, and enjoyed myself. The menu is southwestern, with many options. 
It doesn't seem like the cleanest or homiest place, but it is alright for a stop in here every now and again.Fun little place, with a really friendly atmosphere.  Some places you walk in, and people give you unwelcome looks - not at all the story here.  I felt bad for the waitress because she was also the bartender.  I had the sizzling fajitas with tofu which were pretty good.  The tofu option is the cheapest, but still $13!  I don't know if that's a good value because I feel like other places have cheaper fajitas with more stuff.  I tried the sangria here too which was nothing special.  You can also do karaoke here.  I'm definitely coming back. 
Apparently their site says they're at 19th and passayunk which is not true.  It's actually a little below Broad.I'm a vegetarian so I have a tougher time trying to find options that I can eat at different restaurants. Adobe's seitan wings are the best. They have them chopped up in smaller pieces so the edges get crispy like regular chicken wings do. Also their sauce is to die for, its a great combination of spicy and sweet to top them off. I usually get a craving for them at least once a week. Adobe also have good margaritas and happy hour specials. It's great during the summer when you can get a table outside on Passyunk, people watch and enjoy the nice weather.I want to start off by saying I am very loyal to local businesses in my neighborhood.  I want to include this review to try and better the situation.  I have been biking by this place for a while and wanted to go here tonight and eat with my wife for the eagles game.  
We dove right in, no funny stuff, with a pitcher of margarita's for the eagles game.  10 bucks! (That was really the only good thing)  I asked to see the menu.  Huge! too big.  I mean how many choices do you need.  Is their culinary skill so far spread out that they need to offer the whole "joy of cooking?"   Anyway I decided to play it safe and get the chicken sandwich(with cheese, .50 cents extra) with Adobe fries.  There was NO ONE else eating or ordering food during the game but it still took the guy 30 or so minutes to wrangle up this specialty.  The sandwich came without the cheese.   It had to go back...in the microwave no less because the first bite was like a rubber chicken.  Well shit and the bun?  from ACME.  " Adobe fries?"  Just plain, I was expecting Adobe seasoning or something.  Nothing exciting. The bathroom was even hard to get into with all the cowboy hats pasted all over the friggin door. 
The space is a little weird.  Its set up as a HUGE dinning area on the side with scratched up plexi windows separating us from them in the bar.  It also looks like there is a enormous banquet space upstairs. 
It seems like the place would be a tough place to keep full.  What about a music venue?  A featured chef?  a better face lift?  Let's not settle with the typical South Philly under par attitude with this one guys because you won't stay in business that way.  I want you to succeed I hope you do.  Everyone should come here for the Margaritas at least.We stopped in at The Adobe Cafe mid afternoon last Saturday.  We started with some guac, which was okay but in desperate need of a touch of salt, and a pitcher of mango margaritas which was delicious and did not skimp on the tequila - made with mango puree and house made triple sec and sour mix... I advise asking for little to no ice! 
Three of the four of us ordered vegan offerings - mushroom and seitan quesadillas and seitan fajitas. The fourth ordered a shrimp quesadilla. They use Gourmet brand vegan cheese which does not melt or stretch and has an odd flavor, so don't get the vegan quesadillas. The seitan was decent, a bit bready, and worked much better with the fajitas, which I recommend if you're vegan (or even if you're not considering our non-vegan friend wished she had ordered them). 
The non-vegan's shrimp quesadilla was strange...I should have advised her against mixing seafood with cheese.
If we return, I think we'll stick with fajitas and margaritas with an order of table salt. The 3 star rating holds true... it's a-ok but nothing fabulous.Best wings hands down, highly recommended. Service is kinda slow but it is a very relaxed atmosphere, so sit back with a cold pint and enjoy.We went here for paint night . The paint night was ok . The girl taught us how to draw , not that great but we had fun anyway . Paint night fee is $25 for each person ( if you buy cupón on Groupon ) their regular price is $45 . They don't have parking lot as you know it's in Philadelphia. If you want to come here for fun or for drawing , you better find parking little bit further. I haven't tried drink or foods in here yet . But I would like come back to try it and update my review.The place does a good karaoke, they have an amazing mushroom quesadilla, the crowd is unpretentious, and the happy hour specials are great.  Cheaper version of the Cantina.The wings are good. The nachos and homemade salsa is also pretty good. But that's about it for the food. I tried several different menu items such as the fajitas, the steak and the tacos and they are all fairly average. I like the happy hour specials. $10 Margarita pitchers and wing specials as wells as the $1 cuervo shots with any beer purchase. It is never crowded here any of the times I've been and I been on several different days and times. I like that.Two of us used the Groupon and got really stellar food. The salsa, Adobe steamers,  stuffed chicken breast, Mexican veggie combo, and the flourless chocolate cake were all awesome, and Stephanie was a great server.Let it be known that I prefer Adobe over Cantina for everything; the atmosphere, noise levels, food, drinks, and prices. 
My friends and I came in here for a quick pitcher of margaritas and ended up leaving in MUCH higher spirits a few extra ones later. We were able to catch up with each other, and I was still able to watch and hear the Phillies game. 
I didn't eat here this time, other than the complimentary chips and salsa, but I know the food is delish.Was recommended to try this place. Started with the standard Mexican drink - a margarita.  Very basic. Not good enough to ask for a second. Ordered the chicken tacos on soft corn tortilla shells.  Came with all the fixins. Very bland. Even with the hot sauce I couldn't make them appetizing.  Maybe I caught them on an off night.Months ago, my boyfriend had purchased a LivingSocial, and since it was about to expire, we headed to the city.
Good:
-Sangria. Not included in the deal, and 15 minutes after the end of Happy Hour, but still worth it.
-Chicken quesadillas. They place the sour cream on the quesadillas, which I prefer. They were cheesy and cooked just right.
-Boyfriend was two dollars short of the full deal credit and our waitress let him know. That was sweet.
-Our waitress was accommodating.
Not so good:
-Chicken tacos. Eh. For one, they didn't come with cheese, which perplexed me. For two, eh. I ended up only finishing one.
-Atmosphere. I likely wouldn't stop by on a weekend night, as it doesn't seem to have its image figured out. Place needs a little TLC.
All in all: Good meal, didn't feel rushed, I'd maybe go back.This place is in need of a Jon Taffer "Bar Rescue".  The bar was empty and two other couples were seated in the dining area.  There was a kid playing behind the bar. The bartender and waiter raved about the steak tips and wings.  The steak tips were cooked perfectly and the wings were well done.  
Our waiter was trying to be funny and wasn't; it was like attending a bad comedy club.  We asked his name and he replied, "what's your name?".  Then, he shares how slow his night has been and he was restless.  Dude wtf!!  I will say he was very attentive, just keep the sarcasm to yourself.
The decor is horrible, if the foh (front of house) looks like crap I can only imagine how the kitchen is set up.  After eating three wings and a few of the steak tips; I pictured a salmonella filled cutting board.  A refrigerator that barely works with expired food shoved in it.   In order for me to come back, I'd need to see a recent health inspection.  My second star is because Adobe offers the citywide special.Good beer list, good happy hour, you can add $1 shots of tequila to any draft beer which can lead to an interesting night.
Food is so so, the restaurant is pretty large and never that crowded. I would eat here again if I was here drinking but would not make it a dining destination.
I have been to some events here like karaoke, banana clips, and the scene party and it makes a pretty interesting venue.The chimichanga and tamale were excellent as well as the chicken quesadilla.  They were slightly different than the normal American version, but I am not sure how authentic they are.  They seemed to be missing some spices.
The beans were bland, and I could relate them to a portion that I ate at a restaurant in Puerto Rico.  The rice may have been better if it was warmer as well as the beans.
The tilapia fajitas were good, but I am not sure why they come with green peppers.  The combination does not work.THE BEST WINGS. I've been to this location a million times, good food, fast service, fun karaoke nights AND the best wings ever. Worth going just for the wings.I like this place if I'm sitting at the bar. Great for sports games, no matter where you sit at the bar, you will have a great view of any tv. They have good wings that are perfect crispiness on the outside and nice and meaty on the inside with a pretty great house sauce. The best thing I've had here is hands down the filet tips. OH MY GOD. Delicious.
As for their mexican food, I've had their quesadillas and they were so-so. The complimentary chips and salsa are good. Can't speak for anything else.
They have good happy hour specials including 30 cent wings and cheaper drinks. 
One complaint I have is during one visit, my friends and I went specifically for wings. We noticed on the menu that you could get 2 lbs of wings and a pitcher of beer for a low price, we asked the bartender and he said they no longer offer it and they just hadn't changed the menu yet. I went back a month later, noticed the same special on the menu, asked the bartender about it out of curiosity and they just happen to still offer it. Not sure what that was about. How about changing your menu before you stop offering something? OR how about not lying about it? Lame.I usually leave positive reviews or none at all. On two separate occasions my tab was stacked with drinks that were ordered at the beginning of the night and paid with cash. On a positive note, karaoke is entertaining. JUST DON'T OPEN A TAB!The wings were eh. The gin and tonic was awful. Chips and salsa are the best part. But they are seriously understaffed. We were constantly being passed over by our waitress, especially when we needed something. Also, the menu didn't match the prices on our bill and we were overcharged about $4 but we didn't feel like waiting an extra twenty minutes to fix it, so we sucked it up and paid.The wings are GREAT! along with the happy hour specials. I personally stick with ordering the wings, chicken nachos, tacos or enchiladas, those are just addicting. I've had a few other things that I was not impressed by like the chicken sandwich and fish which strayed me away from attempting other tries.Those I thought I could have made myself at home. The chips and salsa keep coming when you ask and are great as well.  The bartenders are awesome, friendly and easy conversationalist. Quizzo is great on Thurs nights, it's a great turn-out so get there early. This place is huge and a lot of room, I don't see why they aren't packed every weekend, to me the food is a lot better than the other Mexican place down the street.This place is great! My boyfriend and I went in with a groupon and could not be more satisfied. 
We started with the steak tips as an app, which was delicious. He got the chicken fajitas that he raved about. I got a chicken breast stuffed with goat cheese, spinach, onions and jalapeno cream sauce over the top...it was to die for! We ended with chocolate cake which I would order again. 
Great place to try out! Also on Mondays and Tuesdays they have a deal: 2 meals and a pitcher of Margs for $35.I really enjoy this place. Not always for the food, but the company. The manager also goes out of his way and is very friendly.Great little place in the heart of south philly on passyunk ave. one of my favorite places for frozen drinks and the lobster bisque soup is to die for. It can be very dark and desolate in the restraunt area and the bar side is kept well lit that can give it set of a dungeon feel.  They do give free chips and salsa though and I'm telling ya.....this soup , the lobster bisque is some top of the line canned soup man ..... YumI go to Adobe all the time for my Vegetarian Mexican Food needs. Their Seitan Tips are my favorite. The chips aren't that great (but the salsa is good) and some of the menu items are randomly overpriced. But let me tell you- that this is the only Mexican restaurant in Philly that has actual vegetables in their vegetable tacos/burritos/enchiladas. Everywhere else "vegetable" just means "beans and rice". And that, to me, is invaluable.My gf and I went here after purchasing a Living Social deal ($30 voucher for $15). This place was far from busy (Monday night) yet everything took much longer than it reasonably should have. We waited 20 minutes to order, 30 minutes for our food and 15 minutes for the dirty utensils after the food arrived. As far as flavor - meh.
If you're looking for good Mexican, do yourself a favor and walk a few more blocks down Passyunk to Cantina.Full Disclaimer: This review is for the karaoke only.
Last weekend, some friends and I went out on a pub crawl that ended at Adobe for karaoke purposes. We had gone there many times over the last couple years, and it had been a lot of fun. This was our first time there since October 2014, so things have changed in a crappy way regarding how karaoke is run now. I'm here to complain about that, as others have before me.
So we get in there around 11, get beers, find a table in the back of the room to sit at. I go up to the DJ to put my song in, and ask him where the slips of paper are, so I can put in my selection. He says "no slips, just give me your name and I'll write it on the list". This is the first time I've ever seen this done at karaoke, but I figure, whatever- if it works for him, that's great. 
So I go back, continue drinking my beer, and about an hour goes by. I'm not called up yet, though several of the same people from the same crowd are going up repeatedly. I go up and ask him what's going on (because every other time I've done karaoke anywhere, the DJ puts new singers into the computer first so they get a chance to sing). He says, "here's the list- see you're all the way back here, don't know if I'll be able to get you in tonight. Unless you want to work  something out". My response was something to the effect of "so let me get this straight, you want me to pay you to sing?". My next response was shaking my head and walking away.
So to summarize, Adobe's new karaoke DJ accepts bribes, and (I suppose) unless you show up super early, won't let you sing without paying them. It's a frigging horrendous business practice and I'll certainly be singing my sweet death metal version of "I Touch Myself" elsewhere until this is rectified.We bought the Groupon deal that was $28 for an app, 2 entrees, and dessert and stopped by the other night. It was a Tuesday, so it wasn't crowded- maybe 3 other parties for dinner and a handful of people in the bar area. The server was really nice and did a good job keeping our waters full, and all of the food we ordered was good. The steak tips were absolutely awesome-perfectly cooked and came with a really tasty sauce and tortillas. My grilled chicken with mango salsa was good- nothing to complain about, but nothing to write home about either. My fiance had the stuffed chicken and really liked it. Our dessert was the peanut butter silk pie, which was delicious- not too rich like a lot of other peanut butter based desserts.
The atmosphere is just ok. Everything could afford to be cleaned up and spruced up a little, and a different layout would utilize the space better. I do like that the bar area is in a separate room so if you are trying to have a quieter dinner, you aren't as disturbed by the noise. I'd go back, even if it's just for steak tips and peanut butter pie.Went here for the first time last night. The service was wonderful. I only went to the bar so I can't say anything about the food quality, but the bartenders were very friendly. 
Many times when I go to a crowded bar on a weekend night, bartenders seem frazzled and stressed, and therefore don't take the time to smile and ask how you're doing. However, the one bartender (I don't know his name but he had glasses) was super nice and attentive to every customer despite the hectic environment. The other bartender joked around with me when some guy I didn't know bought me a drink. They made my experience very pleasant and are one of the reasons I plan on going back.
The second reason I plan on going back is the karaoke! I wanted to sing but I showed up late, and when I tried signing up for karaoke at 1:15 the girl in charge told me the list was too long. It was quite fun to watch everyone sing though!
Oh, and they do the city wide special--$5 for a shot of whiskey and a PBR. I made my own version with a High Life and tequila that was only $5.50. If you want to get drunk at a low price, have wonderful bartenders, and laugh at people singing, check it out!This is my go-to for Mexican delivery. Solid food, big portions, always on time. I also love that they have great options for vegetarians!I love Mexican and wanted to try this place out. They have outside seating and the front looks so nice.  However, the food.....not so nice.  It was very bland and just didn't taste Mexican.  The entrees came with unusual sides like a side of steamed vegetables. I have never heard of that as a side with a burrito.  Save your money and walk down the street to the Cantina for MUCH better food and atmosphere. Adobe was empty and it was a Friday night. I should have taken that as a sign, turned around and walked out the door.this place is 5 stars in the  you get what you pay for and what you are expecting category. 
ok  first off the drinks and the food is fairly priced. you usually do not have to wait for a table.  the wait staff is attentive and the service is good. they seat big parties and do not have problems splitting bills or taking my multiple restaurant . com coupons i'm always using.  
secondly they have all types of vegan options, clearly labeled on the menu. 
third they have KARAOKE that is so much fun!   seriously try it out. 
this place isnt fancy, it isnt trendy, it isnt high brow BUT it is affordable, comfortable, fun and a GREAT place to go if you want to have a nice dinner and dinks with friendsThis place is awful!  The atmosphere seems like a tacky child's birthday party, and the food isn't much better.  On the plus side, the server was really sweet!I've been here many times and every time is awesome. The food is amazing, the servers are super nice, and the drinks are totally worth it. I've been to many steak houses all over the country and I've never had any steak as soft and sweet as their steak tips. INCREDIBLE!! If people complain, it's because they don't realize  that small businesses with freshly made food take time to deliver their products. I'd rather wait a few extra minutes to have something incredible than settle for an Applebee's style microwaved meal! love this place.I came here several times for social events and can't find anything good from this place.
It takes a while for the server to get me menu or even a glass of water.
The food is mediocre, nothing special. Meh quality...The service was sub-par. As a waitress, I don't understand what takes you 10 minutes to grab an iced tea. The restaurant was not that busy.
 The food was good. Not that incredible, but I might be bias due to working at an authentic Mexican restaurant. I had the steak and carnitas fajitas. The steak was tender and flavorful. The carnitas was good, but not on the level I'm used to. The side was black beans, they weren't bad. Again, nothing to rave about.
We had a groupon for 6, so we had a three course meal. For appetizers we had fried calamari, guacamole, and queso fundido. All were very good. The queso fundido is very stringy like aligot, not dippy like most places. Different but good.
3 people in our party had the tilapia and shrimp fajitas. 1 person had the shrimp burrito. Everyone seemed pleased.
For dessert, we got fried ice cream, key lime pie, and banana sopapillas. The banana sopapilla was great. It was like banana fosters meets sopapilla. The fried ice cream was okay. The key lime pie was not very good. 
The bathroom was clean, and very well decorated. The mural of Frida Kahlo cracked me up.
Overall it was an enjoyable meal, mainly because of the company at the table.Not bad but not great. Presumably one of the better places you'll find in manayunk. Pretty average though. The servers are usually extremely slow. The food is average. Every time we go, it's always just been ok. Last experience I had was not so pleasant. Server brought over queso fundido and dropped a plate into it(bottom side facing cheese). Totally disgusting and unsanitary! Didn't even offer to bring us a new one which I thought to be extremely unprofessional. Steak tips were also cold when they came to us. Empanadas are dry and could have some potential if they added some cheese or mixed it up a bit and did cheese /and chicken.Revisited Adobe after not eating here for a few years. Used to be so good. But now ....In a word? Awful. We got there around 8 ish on a Saturday night and the place was pretty busy. We were taken to the last table in the farthest corner of the restaurant....deeeeep in the bowels. It was a long walk. Red flag.
Our server showed up more than 5 minutes after we were seated to take drink order. 2nd flag. We were smart enough to order a few apps at this point - had a feeling. Drinks came out fairly quickly - app and soup sampler not long after that. The soups were cold (3rd flag).  Apologies and new soups arrived. They were really good - best part of entire meal. Loooong after we finish the starters, entrees appear. My favorite veggie enchiladas were ......ick. I managed to eat a bit. What used to be a delicious creamy fresh veggie dish was now a dry tasteless blob. And the dried out old tasting rice did not help. The crusted over black beans were dreadful. Loooong after we have enough of entrees, as we sit and stare at our plates and each other, and watch our server sweep the entire area nearby, completely ignoring us, we realize we are still hungry and want dessert. Big mistake. Server eventually finishes housekeeping and takes order. AND gets snippy when we express dismay about the wait. It took so long to get dessert, I wanted to just cancel and get the hell out of there already, but our server was nowhere to be seen and since we were seated in the outback, no one else was around either. Eventually arrives and it is, well, a melted mess. We ate it and it was actually pretty good. By the time we get the check it was fairly empty so don't really understand why it took so long to get service. I could have gone and looked for someone to complain to, but I kind of wanted to see how it all played out. Not good as it turns out. 
Adobe Cafe, what happened to you?Adobe Cafe rocks! Not only is it within walking distace from my house (which is very handy after a pitcher of mango margaritas) but it also has great food to match! I've had a number of the entrees but the two that stand out in my head are the steak and shrimp fajitas (tasty seasoning on the meat) and the fish tacos. The best thing about the fish tacos is that the fish isn't fried. It's perfectly seasoned and delicious and even though I couldn't finish my last taco I made sure to eat the rest of the fish :) 
The banana ice cream dessert concoction was BANANAS!
One and only complaint - the waitstaff tends not to be the friendliest, but the food and drinks make up for that.OK neighborhood bar with decent Southwestern style food.  A tiny bit dirty, but I've never gotten sick here, so I guess the kitchen is clean enough.  Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but it is OK.  Used to come here with my buddies for beers before/after jam sessions at East Side Studios down on Umbria.My wife and I visit Adobe fairly frequently and we always enjoy it. It's located on a side street that runs parallel to Ridge in Roxborough and there is a municipal (read: free) parking lot right across the street, which makes visiting very convenient. 
The restaurant is located in a large, meandering structure - it feels like an amalgamation of previously independent row houses - but it has a cozy sort of feel. We are always seated promptly and brought homemade chips and salsa immediately. 
Even though we are not vegetarian, we always get the "beef" seitan tips as an appetizer. I highly recommend them. I usually get the fajitas and find them to be pretty good. Tonight, I requested the "meat" from the seitan tips in my fajitas (even though this is not on the menu) and they were nice enough to oblige. It was really good.
Overall, this is a nice, casual place to catch up for a low-key dinner.
Likes: parking, food, Fiesta Night (Monday &amp; Tuesday - 2 entrees and a pitcher of beer/bottle of wine for $30)
Dislikes: House Margarita (that I think is on tap [?])I give an A for effort. The vegetarian/vegan menu is extensive and creative-sounding. I was very excited to try this place for quite some time but the execution was totally off.
One, the entrance to the restaurant is unclear. There's a door to a private residence right in the middle of the building and it took me a while to realize you have to go through the side patio to enter. Very confusing.
Once we entered, we were greeted by that overwhelming dirty, wet rag smell that less than fastidiously clean restaurants have. Our menus reeked too. Not appetizing.
The free chips and salsa were tasty and the staff was accommodating of our baby with a high chair and plastic cup if water. 
My husband and I ordered seitan wings to share and the seitan kebabs and veggie combo as entrees. The wings were just warm seitan in sauce--not fried or crisp in any way like wings should be. This is not a vegan problem (I've had deliciously crisp vegan wings); this is a cooking one. The vegan ranch was inedible, completely foul. I actually gagged. 
The kebabs were nicely seared and seasoned but everything else ranged from flavorless to gross. The rice had canned veggies in it, the cheese in my enchilada wasn't melted, the potato flauta was burnt. The house margarita was disgustingly like cough syrup. 
All told, we spent $60 bucks on our meal plus tip and I felt like I've had more authentic and flavorful tex mex at chipotle or even Taco Bell. I was super hungry upon entering but basically ate chips and salsa because I found most of the food inedible. 
I truly appreciate so many veg offerings but the kitchen needs to learn how to cook and this place needs a deep clean. The kebabs were nice but for the price and nasty smell and icky interior (10 TVs playing infomercials!), I just can't recommend this place. Very disappointing.I've been to the Adobe Cafe a handful of times, and its always been good, so Saturday night we decided to got there for a late dinner (around 9:00).  
Overall, service was terrible, though the food was good.
It took 5 minutes for someone to seat us.  There was no one in sight when we walked in.  Then, once we were finally seated, there was anohter 5-10 minutes before we were greeted by our waitress.  Water was another 10 minutes.  Our waitress took our drink order, and it wasn't until 10 minutes later that she asked us for our food order.  At one point, we asked for more water (which we later learned was at a station right behind our table), and she said "sure, I'll go get it", and never returned.  We finally had to ask the busboy for water. 
Food was good, but was really overshadowed by the lack of service.  I will also say that the Jerk grilled calamari was really fabulous.  I was nervous to try it, but I wanted more when I was done - I don't think the portion was big enough. 
I was going to give 3 stars because of the food and previous good experiences, but then I remembered how crazy-loud the room was.  It just added to the bad experience.  I couldn't hear across the table half of the time we were there.
Oh, and a comment on the "ample free parking" across the street.  It looks like with the new bar there (Mcgillicuddy's or something), the parking lot was completely full.  We had to drive around the block a few times looking for parking.  We should have taken that as a sign to stay home...I love the previous review. . . straight and to the point.  They do have the most extensive vegan menu I've seen in a Mexican restaurant; I would give them half a star just for that if it were possible.
Redux:
Appearance/decor: * * *
Pretty front and patio, cluttered heavy interior, bendy plstic chairs and tables outside.
Service: * * * *
Good, quick, attentive, unintrusive. Point off for the host.
Menu: * *
Too long.  Booklike. Weak appetizer section.  No sides.  Narrow price range for entrees--reasonable for some items, pricey for others.
Food: * * *
Good for what it was trying to do. Points off for black beans, corn tortillas, salsa, portobellos.  Good steak, guacamole.
Drinks: * *
Decent margaritas.  From a mix, weak. Bonus on price.
Experience: * * * 
Overall pleasant, but I won't frequent the joint.  Definitely worth checking out as I have high standards for Mexican.  Good family place.
The outdoor patio is very pretty, if somewhat echoing.  The interior was full of kitsch and other Mexican-themed decor: neither impressive nor bland.  There was no music, but the waiters did start up an attractive wall fountain which created much-needed  white noise.  
The service was good, and efficient.  A point off to the host for failing to bring menus when he seated us.  Even though there were only three tables seated besides our own, there was always someone nearby to respond to requests.
We went to sit outside on a hot day and have a bite to eat with our margaritas.  They advertised a margarita bar, so I assumed they would specialize in them.  The margarita mixer list was impressive, but the corresponding appetizer list was somewhat lacking.  We split a combination platter of fajitas with portobello and steak.  We asked for a corn tortilla sub, and received three tortillas: not quite sufficient for the generous portions.  However, they did give us a free refill on request.
The food was underwhelming.  The margaritas were also a little disappointing.  Tortillas were warm, but a little dry and cracking.  Black beans were totally unseasoned. Steak was very tasty and moist.  Green peppers and onions were tasty and sauteed well.  The portobellos were a total miss--they were marinated in worcester/soy and clashed with every other flavor.  The condiments were good, and decent portions, but they were all crammed on a tiny little plate--cheese, guacamole, sour cream, pico de gallo.
The margaritas were served in generous portions at a good price ($18/pitcher), but that was the best part.  We went with the traditional because none of the other mixers looked like they might be sour.  They tasted like they were straight from a mix, and they were pretty weak.  After finishing a pitcher between two of us, I had a light buzz, and I'm not a drinker.  
Overall, it was good, but I probably won't take the trip up to Roxborough again, so I gave it three stars.Love this place!  The food has always been delicious and ample.  They also have plenty of vegetarian options to choose from.  My favorite has to be the BBQ duck burrito, which is so delicious and so big, that I usually can't finish it.  
I used to live in Roxborough and I have truly missed this place since I moved to South Philly, but recently while I was walking my dog, I came across a sign on a vacant storefront on Passyunk stating that an Adobe Cafe will be opening up soon!  I can't tell you how excited I was, since this is just a couple blocks away from my home!A hidden gem in this area. Great service, delicious food, and lots of vegan options. 
I came with a group of friends. I don't eat cheese, my other two friends are vegan, and we wanted some margaritas. They accommodated everything and had quite a list of margarita flavor options. 
The tacos were delicious. I got the al pastor, and the pineapple was sweet. The tacos also come with a little salsa, guacamole, and beans and rice. 
The best part of the meal was likely the chips and salsa they give you for free. The salsa is so fresh and deliciously spiced.
The margaritas were good but a little too sweet and not strong enough for us (subjective). Overall an great restaurant and would definitely go back!This place was good--both food and service. I had the same thing by accident both times we visited, and it was good both times.For the immediate neighborhood, it's a great place.  They have decent beers, great cocktails, and their food is satisfying.  Ask the bartender John to make you a brainfreezegood drinks. the food was pretty solid although my friend's ribeye was extremely fatty. (i'm fully aware ribeyes are naturally fatty.) service was a bit lax. we went to the bar after dinner and the bartender was knowledgable and an overall good dude.I went here today for the first time. The food was pretty good; the steak tips on the appetizer menu were awesome. The only thing that I wasn't too impressed with was the service. It took about 45 minutes to get our food and all we ordered was tacos and a burrito.I've been going to adobe for 20 years when Sue
And her husband were owners. Always great until
Recently, numerous complaints: fruit flys, cleanliness 
Wing special attracted dirty people that were able
To sit at bar, order water and gorge theirselves with
Wings. Then had to hear arguments over a $10 bill 
And poor servers not being tipped. Also can smell
Piss from bathrooms, food is lacking, and Saturday 
Night karaoke brought in some real weirdos 
I'm confused is this a Restaurant or bad comedy
Club?  It's hit or miss anymore, I'm done. It's a
Shame some good people working there. Owner 
Needs to realize its time to do a little remodel & 
Major cleaning. Bar rescue time!   Remodel, clean,
Get back to good food and drink, and raise your prices
To keep out the people that are ruining your business.
Sorry, I was a once & sometimes 2x a week 
Customer.Alright, here's the deal: If you want outstanding service, try to always land a male server. In no way am I saying the women here can't do it proper, or that the fellas won't screw up; they have quite a few competent and sociable waitresses, and I've had an off day from dudes a time or two before. What I am letting you know is that when I've had a poor expecience at the Adobe, it was almost always at the hands of one of two lady servers, so, rather than put both of them on blast, I decided to recommend avoiding the entirety of the female wait staff. Sorry ladies. 
Recently the menus were stream lined a bit, but quality grub and moderate pricing is still what's available. Main picks for me remain the steak tips, the corn chorizo soup (no longer available in bowls, only cups), and the crispy and mildly fiery hot wings, but the complimentary basket of chips comes with some of my favorite salsa in the city (ate 3 baskets to myself last time in). Best times to go are all night Monday and Tuesday (when they offer their special of two entrees and a bottle of wine/ pitcher of margaritas/ pitcher of beer for $35.00) or, for the bar area, any day of the week while the great happy hour special is on (5-7). Good food at a good price that's perfect for an intimate one-on-one or a rowdy 15 person jammer.Holy mother of god. Go here. Amazing vegan and meateater options alike . 'nough said.Boo! The prizes are crazy for what your NOT getting. Ordered a side salad wow what a joke. Love their Caesar Salad but come on now the to go container wasn't even a 1/3 full. Also what mexican restaurant doesn't make their own guac. Looked like jello. and on top of that paid $3.50 for a mini cup of it. You know the kind places would normally give u something for free in since it was so tiny. Over the years they raised the pricing while cutting the proportions and quality down! Been going there for years.. now I'm pretty dissapointed!Went for Sunday brunch/lunch. Service was fine. The place is dirty and the  food is appalling.   The only decent item they put on the table was the free salsa and chips. No exaggeration.Adobe is amazing! They have so many options (including an entire vegan menu!). The servers are super helpful if you need any substations. They have a great special on Monday: 2 entrees and a pitcher of beer or margarita for $30. You can't beat it!I have been to this place multiple times, my girlfriend is a gluten-free chick and they made her feel very comfortable by answering her questions and providing corn tortillas, etc without hesitation.  This is, in my opinion, as authentic as Mexican can get in this area.  I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good mexican night.  Great margaritas and the atmosphere truly took me back to when I was vacationing in Arizona.  Excellent!As long as you don't go here expecting traditional tex/mex or Mexican food, you'll love it.  I've been there 3 times, and they have some interesting twists on Mexican, and it's great.  Portions are very large, the service has been good every time, and they have a large out door seating area.   BEST of all Mondays and Tuesdays they have a special two dinners and a pitcher of wine or beer for $30, or sangria or margarita for $35.  Can't beat it!  Definitely worth the trip!We came here for food and karaoke to celebrate a friend's birthday, and had a great experience with the restaurant portion. Really kind and attentive waitstaff, hefty food portions for reasonable prices. Pitchers of house margaritas weren't fantastic and could've used more alcohol, but we didn't complain. It was nice to see good vegetarian options on the menu, and we appreciated the specific questions regarding our vegetarian preferences. 
On the other hand, karaoke was a disappointment. Coming from karaoke in Center City, we might've expected some differences, but the main problem was that it was much too loud. Years of karaoke have taught us that people are more apt to participate when the volume is high, but this was uncomfortable and significantly louder than even any live-band karaoke we've gone to. Asked the DJ to lower the volume -- or at least turn the speaker more toward him so he could understand what he was putting his guests through -- but were denied. Suffice to say, our group of 12 left shortly after these requests were made...leaving the remaining 4 or 5 people to sing to their heart's content.Very good experience here. Stopped in for a quick lunch. I definitely recommend the chorizo quesadillas. Service was very friendly and welcoming. The restaurant was a little chilly for my comfort but aside from that, nothing else was a problem. I will definitely return. Looks like a lot of good options on the menu.I must say every time I have gone to the Adobe Cafe, I am always 100% satisfied -- and I have been to this place many times, sometimes more than once in one week. They are that good. I have gone on weeknights and weekends, day and evening. The service is always friendly and fast. The food is always absolutely delicious, fresh, and hot. I don't think I have ever had any issues. OH and their margaritas, are amazing! I get a pitcher to split between my boyfriend and I, and we are always satisfied with the one pitcher. 
Foods I recommend from the Adobe: chicken quesadillas [so good], lobster bisque [best i have had], chilli [best i have had - andi am not a huge fan of chilli], wings [absolutely delicious!!], steak with mixed veggies and mashed [the best meal I have eaten at the Adobe, and the portions are great for leftovers for later], and many others - but these are my favorites. 
The Adobe's prices are not super expensive but it is definitley not a cheap date. But for the quality of the food, the price is not bad. I just can not eat there everyday haha. 
definitely recommend this place to everyone! there are so many options - including a whole section on the menu for vegan/vergatarian friendly foods.The handful of times i've gone to this place, i always walk out and wounded why i went. Ive have much better Mexican in the center city and south Philly, and Manayunk.  The food is bland, so-so, and a little over priced for Mexican.  For the price of a Margarita I've had it made with fresh squeezed juice, not a mix. Staff is pleasant enough, service is good. I guess people go to this place, because it's local, and not had amazing Mexican food.It's a decently priced restaurant for the area. It has good food, nice variety, and I highly recommend the margaritas. The chips and salsa are pretty great, and it has out side seating and lunch hours. I recommend it if you're in the area, but I don't think I would go out of my way for it.This place is one of the best kept secrets in Roxborough. It is far enough way from Main Street in Manayunk that you would not know about it unless you either live in the area or heard about it through a friend or advertisement. The atmosphere is great. It does not get too loud even when there are a lot of people there. There is plenty of seating. I have been there twice at this point, and I believe there are three separate indoor seating areas, and there is an outdoor seating area. There is also a small bar. The prices are moderate. The appetizers are typically less than $10, and entrees range from roughly $11 to $20. When you are eating there, they give you bottomless tortilla chips and salsa. Even though the name and atmosphere would indicate all things Mexican, they do have items on their menu such as steak, chicken and pork spareribs, and they also have a portion of their menu entirely dedicated to vegetarian food. This place is good whether your are eating by yourself or you are with a group of friends. And the servers are friendly.Never got a bad dinner here, we love the Adobe steamers. If I had to say something bad it would be the lighting, some lights in the dining area aren't the warm incandescent bulbs and are annoying. Staff have always been great and the drinks are really good, our go to local Mexican stop for years now.Decent food - not impressed with the portobello fajitas at all. 
Horrible delivery service - Had to walk a block to meet the delivery man bc he refused to look for my houseLast night, I am sad to say, the Adobe burned down. Actually it didn't burn down but at 5:30 am (which i guess is actually today) it did catch fire. As my brother said, that means they'll finally get a new door and might have to redecorate the place. 
That being said, I'm sad that they might not be open for a minute. The Adobe is by no means a destination spot, but it is a solid neighborhood restaurant that provides ok service, ok food, ok drinks and a great environment for an affordable night out. 
The only thing I ever really eat here anymore are the Steak Tips and rice. Sometimes they're awesome, large and delicious; sometimes they're okay, kinda small and well past medium rare. A good night is hit or miss, but the food is always at least ok. My brother and lots of my friends swear by the Corn Chowder.The chips and Salsa are always fresh and good, and the bar keeps beers cold and makes passable cocktails. My cousin loves their Sangria. 
I like the Adobe mostly because it's comparably inexpensive and has an outdoor patio that is a great place to enjoy time with friends and family in leisure. The building is a hot pinkish-orangish "adobe" which makes me feel like I'm in a low-budget fake-Mexican movie. The decorations make me think I'm in that low-budget, fake-Mexican movie on acid. 
But I like it. What can I say? If it's within walking distance, you'll probably like it one cool summer night, too...Really good vegan cheese on my seitan tip sandwich. The twin bartenders were cool. Only issue was the bathroom stall door. Cool design but the top hinge is broken, and tough to lock. Figure if you're at a Mexican restaurant you need ready door locking ability in case a burrito doesn't sit well and you have impending diahrria other than that great place!The Adobe makes what I'd call southwestern food since it is similar to what I cooked in other southwest places. While lots on the menu is good I'll just let you know my bests. Steak tips are the main attraction here for me and I suggest you try to get them medium since anything above that will come sans pink (though even well done they are still tender). I also love the corn soup, but I love that everywhere. Wings are pretty good here, especially during happy hour when the price drops, because they have the crispy skin and a nice sauce. Happy hour has a few other deals but margarita pitchers and cheap drafts are the way to go. Friends enjoy the sangria but all the enjoyment I get from it comes from proof not flavor. Quesadillas are good though I am a cheese lover. The decor is very random, but I'm there for the food anyway. Surprised to hear things are pre-made there; sounds suspect but what Mexican food place doesn't. Friendly place with fun atmosphere and reasonably priced good food and drink. Go looking for that and that's what you'll get.The service in this place is hit or miss depending on which night you are there 
Been there several times 
One night we wait only 15 minutes, for the food, another  we waited almost 2 friggin hours for our order, with reminders we were waiting!..
This could've been because we were at the bar, or that they were busy, they do get a good crowd for a relatively small place , but this wasn't the 1st ( or even the 2nd time) this happened.  
This time  the order only came out when I told them to forget it.
That being said, the food itself is very good, the steak tips are amazing, and their wings are outstanding.   
the bartenders are outstanding as wellMust drink the homemade RED sangria.  Guaranteed everything else will fall into place after sipping on a few of these special cocktails!I've been to TAC in South Philly a bunch of times. I was excited to check out the NW extension. 
This place has a really weird vibe - not bad, just...weird. Or odd? I dunno. My date and I got there as they opened for brunch - we were the first customers seated. It was important that we sit at the bar because Ghostbusters 2 was playing (which looked like it was from a VHS tape, complete with horizontal banding and 80's commercials.)
We place our orders and time just started to go by...other customers are seated, place orders, get served, and we're sitting there, 40 minutes later, with occasional communication from the staff like "Sorry not all our chefs are in yet." Alright. Maybe they have dedicated vegan cooks? No big deal as it was a sleepy Sunday, and sure enough I needed to hear Bobby Brown sing "Too hot to handle, too cold to hold, they're called the Ghostbusters and they're in control. Had em throw a party for a bunch a child'n, while all of the while slime was under the build'n. So they packed up, regrouped, got a grip, came equipped
grabbed their proton packs off their back and they split, found about Vigo, the master of evil. Try to battle my boys? That's not legal! (O e O)."
I'm glad that movie was on because I think the place is haunted. All of the customers were seated in 1% of this enormous fucking house. There are all these dark rooms and caverns on the way to the restroom. I do not recommend bringing young children here. But the seitan fajitas that finally came out were bangin. Tofu fingers? Not so much. I should have known better (very bland.)
But the best part of the whole experience is that we didn't realize that the bartender and server were identical twins until we were wrapping up. The idea of one guy changing outfits every 5 minutes would really add to the experience. Recommended.The servers are wonderful. The outdoor seating is a nice environment, however the Mexican food leaves much to be desired. The beans were mushy and tasteless, the steak chewy and in a gross sauce, the chimi had a lot of spinach but no cheese and little beef, all in all it was the worst Mexican I've ever had. The two girls next to is got the wings, they looked decent.Adobe is one of those jewels of a restaurant that is perfect for vegetarians making plans with non-vegetarians.  Awesome food, a vegetarian menu as extensive as the non-veg, and space for as many people as you can possibly know.
We go regularly for the seitan steak tip appetizer and seitan fajitas.  The chips and salsa are dangerously good, and the tofu salad is nice for an occasional switch-up.
The seitan "wings" are good if you can eat super-spicy food.
We're regulars for dinner and had a great time having a party at Adobe this past fall.  They have private rooms for parties from 35 - gigantic.
Service is always excellent and it takes like 2 visits before everyone remembers you, your favorite dishes, and greets you like you're Norm.Pros:  Great food, nice staff, interesting ambience
Cons: A little priceyThe outside dining area make for a relaxed ambience.   You sit outside in a garden like area.  There is a wall with running water.  The menu offers many choices. IT has standeard Mexican fare but has original specials that are often worth trying. I have not eaten inside the restaurant.  I thought this was above average,  The staff was courteous and attentive, but not intrusive. If you want a quiet and solid Mexican dining experience in the Roxborough area then I would consider it worthwhile.Great food, big portions, good options for vegetarians if that is the type of diet you follow, great ambiance, and lastly great service. Worth the trip...What happened to this place? Smells musty  as soon as you walk in. There were two buckets in the ladies room collecting water from a leak in the ceiling. Food was not good. At the end of our meal the bus girl cleared our dishes and wiped the table while we were sitting there. And the waitress's shorts were way too short.I've been going there for over 10 years but will not be going backLove coming to the Adobe Cafe!
Seems a bit steep as far as price goes, but I've been here several times with a Groupon. Never been disappointed. The food is amazing, the servers are always a delight (with a small exception to their PR/CSR lady who comes around during meals asking you to fill out a survey). The Margarita's are great and you get free chips and salsa.
The meal portions are big; I've yet to finish a full meal there without needing a doggy bag. The duck taco's are my personal favorite, but everyone who's eaten with me there has gotten something amazing.
The atmosphere is nice, and the restaurant is surprisingly big on the inside. Never had to wait in line to get a seat.
I'd definitely recommend Adobe Cafe to anyone that liked Mexican.Let me start by saying the wings at Adobe are great! They are fried nice and crispy, like a wing should be, and drenched in a spicy chipotle flavored sauce. Very good.
Unfortunately it stops there.
The service is slowwww! Like peddling a bike through molasses! It took 15 minutes to  get our drinks. My margarita tasted like Gatorade. (And not in a good way)!There are a few reasons I keep coming back - the salsa, the margaritas and the free parking! I live in the neighborhood and in the Manayunk/Roxborough area parking is usually hard to find but across the street from The Adobe Cafe is a public parking lot and it's free! How perfect. 
This week my boyfriend and I went out to dinner and we had another very delicious meal here.  I recommend the chicken burrito or the chicken fajitas. We both seem to order the same thing but I've also had their blackened salmon before and that was very tasty too!
It's a relaxed setting so no need to get dressed up for this place but def. bring your appetite because servings are pretty large.Finding decent Mexican food is always a bit of a gamble. Adobe Cafe gets this right. I'm not sure how they compare to their previous incarnation as I moved into the area right before they reopened. I'm always happy to get food at Adobe, and I love their outdoor seating area. Before we were really taking the baby out to restaurants, we also ordered out from here a few times and were always pleased. The restaurant is located way off the main drag, on a one-way street. Parking here, as with most places in Roxborough and Manayunk, can be a hassle.Adobe Cafe serves excellent flavorful food. There is a perfect balance of spices and it's never over or undercooked. The salt is perfect. We ordered the tortilla soup, seitan kabobs and a vegetarian dinner with enchilada, taco, Spanish rice, chips and salsa. It was more than enough for 4 people. The best part is that they have a lot of vegetarian and vegan choices. Most meat serving restaurants have maybe 2-3 good dishes. But Adobe cafe has a wide selection of delectable dishes which means we will be returning soon. We have eaten at the restaurant and have also ordered delivery. Both times service was fast and efficient.I really like this mexican joint. They serve a good variety of mexican food, from classical burritos to chimichangas to tasty frozen drinks. Also the decor is one of my favorite things about Adobe Cafe, straight Mexico! I had a chimichanga, which i really enjoyed. My boyfriend had the mexican combo, not overly impressed but the food was good. The best part about our evening was that the Adobe was playing all Greatful Dead music ! Overall good Mexican and would like to go back when the weather becomes warmer, they have an outside patio.The food is always good here, but the restaurant is so gosh darn cold! I went for dinner on Wednesday night. Outside, the weather was about 50 degrees. It felt colder inside the restaurant. I sat and had dinner with my coat on the entire time. I went to use the restroom, and it was actually warm in there! I hate to say it - I love the food here, but the fact that the thermostat is set so low is a deterrent for me to not come back any time soon.If you want good (not great) Mexican food at reasonable prices Adobe is fine. Been going here on and off for close to 20 yrs. The best deal here is the Monday and Tuesday night Fiesta Dinner special. It's includes unlimited chips and salsa, 2 nice size entrees w/ a plate full of salad, rice and beans and a pitcher of Margaritas - all for $35.00! It's a great deal. The service has always been pleasant and accommodating. With tax and tip it comes out to $45.00. Not a bad deal for decent food and drinks for 2 people.I really wanted to love it here .... But it was not impressive at all ! I remember coming here while visiting family probably about 15 years ago and it being awesome ! I just moved into this area myself and was excited to try it out again. Even better, I wound up getting a Groupon. I went a few weeks ago for dinner and it was dead in there. Chips and salsa were fine. Beef empanadas for an appetizer were good. Entrees .... Yuck ! My boyfriend had a chicken burrito and it was horrible. It was literally like chicken stew in gravy in a burrito. There was nothing Mexican about it at all. It was sloppy and tasteless. The rice had carrots and peas in it .. Ew .. And again not Mexican at all? 
I branched out and got the crab cake entree ... It looked and tasted just "ok". Working in the restaurant business, I can recognize what's good or not. Maybe they tried a little more on this dish, but the quality was still lacking. Best thing on my plate were the mashed potatoes. 
I would give less stars but the service was really fantastic. I believe our servers name was Monica. She was extremely sweet and attentive. 
We took dessert to go - whatever chocolate peanut butter option was on the menu and enjoyed it thoroughly ! 
I wish they would give this place an overhaul and get it back where it used to be ! It has a lot of potentialLove the atmosphere and the food! Fajitas are fantastic! YummIn an area with a lack of Mexican food, this place is OK for a real craving. Just don't get the ground beef tacos -- they taste incredibly like a slim Jim taco. Seriously, I am not sure how they even did that, but it's true. The duck tacos were unusual and excellent, and the salsa was really terrific -- one of the best I've had. Mixed drinks were big on size but the sangria I had was a bit bizarre ... Too fruity and not enough wine. Guacamole was a 2 out of 5. The decor didn't bother me as it did others ... It was definitely kitschy but a little fun, too. Also thought the service was great.My husband and I came here for a little date night, between the reviews on yelp and hearing some friends speak very highly about this restaurant when I saw a groupon I jumped at the opportunity!! I'm just going to get straight to the food. Things started out with the complimentary chips and salsa. I would say the salsa was not my fav but definitely fresh! The chips were hot but lacking salt, little did I know that would be true of our dinner experience. We then ordered the half pitcher white sangria which was ok, it certainly didn't knock our socks off. Then comes our appetizer I think it was called the tex combo, which consisted of fries with sautéed onions and Jalapeño, chips with guacamole and fried calamari. I prefer my guac to be a little more chunkier and flavorful. The calamari was so over cooked and lacking flavor my husband thought they gave us onion rings instead. Now it's time for the main course so my husband ordered the pork medallions with a sub of bland rice and the even blander black beans. I'm almost completely certain that they just opened the can, rinsed the beans and heated them up. There was no faint essence of onion or garlic or even plain ole salt!! Nothing!!.. Ok here's the kicker I ordered the crab and shrimp enchiladas, which came with rice and and mixed veggies. Let me start by saying that the veggies were beautiful and not cooked to death!!! Beautiful and tasteless that is!! Again NO flavor!!! Is it too much for me to ask that my food taste good? Little did I know what a culinary disaster the enchiladas would be!!! The smell/ taste of my first bite was so overwhelming I literally gagged. There was a distinct funky flavor. I soon realized that there was something that tasted like goat cheese. Now weather you like goat cheese or not, everyone generally agrees its a funky cheese!!! And definitely not the flavor profile I was looking for in my enchiladas. I asked the waitress what kind of cheese was inside and she she queso fresco, a cheese I like but this tasted nothing like it (in my humble opinion). Anyway, I open up the enchilada (feeling like I Gordon Ramsey on kitchen nightmares) to find a little bit of tiny pieces of shrimp and a crab mixture. Almost like a Crab cake with way too much filler. I couldn't bring myself to eat anymore since i basically lost my appetite so I sent it back and order the coconut shrimp. Which were over cooked and again very very bland!! At the end of the night we ended up taking a lot of food home and trashing it. I want end by saying that every person that we spoke to was completely pleasant and accommodating, especially our waitress. Unfortunately I won't be back unless Chef Ramsey or restaurant impossible comes and does an overhaul.i had an excellent dinner at the adobe cafe.  delicious warm chips and guac.  i had steak tacos which were very filling.  they came served with refried beans and rice.  my friend had a vegan burrito which was also tasty.  They have an extensive veggie / vegan friendly menu.
my only gripe about the place is i think it is a bit over priced.  for some reason i cannot justify spending more than $12 on a mexican dinner.  my 3 steak tacos cost $15.My favorite restaurant in Roxborough - GREAT vegetarian options! I love Adobe Cafe because they really understand people who eat vegetarian (I am not a vegetarian, but don't eat meat outside the house). While most places give you a few random veg dishes, Adobe has a full menu of vegetarian fare that complements the regular menu - so when you see the "Texas Ranchero Wings" on the menu and think "mmm, that sounds good", you can check the vegetarian menu and order the "Seitan Texas Ranchero Wings" (BEST item on the menu, incidentally - spicy, melt-in-your-mouth good).
Other highlights: housemade salsa with chips as soon as you sit down, delicious roasted red pepper soup, big portions (even for appetizers) and cheap house wine ($4-5 a glass).
The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the entrees are overpriced - so I usually get the roasted red pepper soup and the seitan wings and that's plenty for dinner for me.Not sure why everyone keeps posting about how "weird" this place is. When I walked in I was half expecting ghosts to fly out of the walls or something. It just looked like a normal restaurant to me. I had the seitan fajitas, which were delicious. The free chips and salsa are great..the salsa has just the right amount of spicy kick to it.
Me and my friends got a pitcher of sangria which gave 3 of us 2 glasses each. It was a cozy little place with good food and good service. I would go back.Great food, great staff, silly atmosphere.  A perfectly fine place to spend a Friday night.Best wings I've ever had. I know, it's a mexican place... try them. You won't regret it. The service about a year ago was hit or miss but it's recently improved. Go on Monday/Tuesday for Fiesta Night ... I belie e it's $35 for two entrees and a pitcher of margaritas? Score.One of my long-time favorites.  I really like both the regular and the vegan options,especially the grilled seitan tips.  They taste as good as meat.  A festive atmosphere for gatherings.We love this place! They have so many vegetarian and vegan options, and many options to replace dairy (e.g. vegan cheese and sour cream). The staff is always so friendly and accommodating, and the food is absolutely delicious. Their homemade salsa and chips is always a hit as an appetizer!I have no idea how this place stays in business.  The only thing more appalling than their prices is the slop they bring out to your table.  Everything costs about 3 times more than you would expect or could imagine.  Most of the entrees are in the high teens.  Bare in mind this place is a sh*t hole that smells like someone's basement.
The wife wanted to do something Mexican-y for Cinco De Mayo and, because of time constraints, we begrudgingly wound up here.  I got the pulled pork "burrito".  It was more like a soup wrapped in a stale tortilla surrounded with rice and a mix of disgusting old vegetables.  I have no idea what kind of cook could have decided the consistency of what was in my tortilla was acceptable to serve to a customer let alone classified it as a burrito.  I paid $14 for this or rather as much of it as I dared choke down.  The contents of my wife's tacos were of a similar consistency and unpleasantness.
I hope to never even drive by this place again lest I have flashbacks of what I consumed today.
Bleck.Very good.  Never had a bad meal here.   Wings are unique and excellent.  If it's nice out, request the patio. Great atmosphere.I love this place, especially in the spring and summer when you can sit outside. Food is great and all homemade. I especially recommend the chicken or flank steak tacos. Sangria is phenomenal.Food is always great! Highly recommend Texas ranchero wings- so crispy and great addicting sauce, steak tips- so tender, French fries-amazing, salsa-amazing, gringo burger- great if u get cheese and bacon on it.  2 margaritas and you will not want to leave, they are strong and delicious. Outside patio is great in the summertime.I definitely consider myself a great judge of food, and especially wings. Adobe's wings aren't just the best in the 19128/19127 area, they're probably the best in all of Philly. Order them saucy and you'll probably think the same. Always consistent, and the homemade ranch is a great substitute for blue cheese.While the ladies who came out to help with our service were fantastic and extremely friendly, the food wasn't much to rave about.
The menu tries very hard to be accommodating to a lot of different palettes, but I think if they focused on the basics and perfected them, this place would be fantastic.
I got the Carne Asada and it was extremely sub par for the price. I feel that my second choice enchilada would have been a better pick.
Do want to give this place another try when the weather is warmer as the location begs for outdoor seating, but until then, I'll be getting my Mexican cuisine elsewhere.The first (and only) time I've ever sent food back.
I wanted to like this place so badly.  I loved the kitchy decor, loved the outdoor seating, thought the waitstaff was friendly and attentive . . . but the food!  My ground beef taco was mostly luke-warm gray slop that seemed to have been put through a blender.  The queso looked like it was 80% lard and didn't taste any better.  I don't drink alcohol, and that seems to be a key to this place -- a friend has since told me that everyone goes here for drinks & atmosphere.
I am a picky eater, I'm often served things that I'm not able to appreciate properly, and I always assume the problem is *me*.  This food was so gross, there was no way for me to take the blame.  Seriously.  Gross.So not impressed with Adobe Cafe.  According to my husband, this used to be an awesome place, which is why we chose to go there.  Perhaps this place is just a has-been.
We ordered drinks and after having a sip of mine, I noticed the glass was dirty.  Like there was dried food on it from the last person who drank out of it.  No big deal, the bartender gladly poured me a new glass, one that was clean.  
Chips and salsa are complimentary and I was craving some queso.  Seriously, Chili's or any other chain restaurant has better queso than Adobe.  It tasted like someone put a blob of old Velveeta cheese in the microwave - disgusting.  
We got some beef tostadas for an appetizer and I found them to be flavorless and boring.  For dinner, we chose chicken tacos, which were about the same quality as the tostadas.  
Overall, the place is huge with some nice outdoor seating, but anyone with some basic cooking skills can make better food than they are serving here.If I could give this 3 1/2, I would. I am a die hard fan of Mexican food. I used to live in LA and one of the few things I missed from there is the great Mexican food. I got it back at Adobe cafe. That's not say to everything at Adobe is great (the nachos and wings are so-so) but I really love  the carnitas tacos and the steaks tips are to die for.
Although some great Mexican food is served, a few problems. Location. I don't know if this in their control.  But the place is on a side street, so unless you live near that side street, you are going to miss the place, not go as much or only go if you have a dying need for the carnitas tacos and steak tips. Second, the place seems to have streamlined a lot of menu items.  For starters, cheese enchiladas can be found in almost any Mexican restaurant, whether cheap or fancy.  You can't find  cheese enchiladas in the Adobe menu.  Finally, as a few people mention, someone has been neglecting the maintenance of the place.  Its not bad now, but someone keeps on neglecting, the place will look cheesy as a Taco Bell, will is certainly not Adobe's intent.
What's interesting, Johnny Manana's (another Philly Mexican competitor) gets the parts right where Adobe is wrong and gets the parts wrong where Adobe is right.Really its a 3.5 star place, but alas rounding rules. I'll bump it up for the service and the drinks.
Food is hit or miss... the key is to go with Tex-Mex staples (fajitas, burritos, etc.) or to get the more authentic stuff:
- Tacos - get "Mexican" style (i.e. soft corn tortillas with onions and cilantro)
- Sopes - the sopes here are actually pretty good. Go for the carnitas sopes.
Duck tacos are pretty delicious too.
Lots of room inside and also an outdoor area. Good place for drinks.Gr8 atmosphere
Good food. Wings are one flavor but exceptional.
Price is decent.  Great drink specials. 
BBQ duck burrito is HUGEDos Equis amber lager & chicken fajitas are a great combo meal.  The environment is perfect...authentic seating & wall items.  Service is great and it's a cool place to visit.There was a lot of hype about this place, and I am a little sad that the experience didnt match up.  In all I thought that for a place specializing in Mexican/Southwest cuisine, there should be more heat.  The seasoning was pretty absent from my food, the salsa, and the guacamole.
I enjoyed my drink, a caiparihna.  It was very tasty.  The chips were warm, which is always a nice touch.  The waiter didnt explain specials to us, he spoke really fast, and he seemed generally disinterested.
I had the duck tacos for my meal.  The duck meat was mushy and simmered in some sort of sauce.  It reminded me of salsa verde, but less flavorful.  I actually found a bone in my taco, so be careful if you order anything with shredded meat here.  Someone else in my party also ordered the duck tacos and was even more dissastisfied than I.  The third member of our party had the mole chicken, which she said was decent.
All said, I think the drinks were the best part of the meal.  The food was not as spicy as I expected and not as good as I had heard.  But if overpriced mushy duck is your thing, this is the place for youOverall, I'd say stay away. If you live in the area, I think this place serves the same purpose as a local diner, albeit with a slightly more eclectic menu, but unfortunately the prices are way too high to justify what you get. The restaurant itself is unique in appearance and really kitschy with lots of natural wood and sombreros nailed to the walls. It feels somewhere half-way between a barn and a restaurant. 
The margaritas are great - the prices are very low, they're tasty and offered in a variety of flavours. We had the peach, it was delicious (though if you want to get really picky, to me it just tasted like a really, really tasty plain margarita.) They had an extensive tequila list and many different beers, which may or may not sway some people.
The chips and salsa we started out with were really good. The salsa tasted super fresh. We also got the chili con queso, which was slimy, watery, and mostly tasted like thick salt water. The rest of the meal didn't fare much better; my girlfriend ordered the salmon (which was served with some kind of wasabi sauce and balsamic reduction - it SOUNDED really good) and I got the steak fajitas. The salmon came out dry, bland, and a little bit tough. Apparently the sauce improved the situation slightly, but so little was provided that I didn't get to taste it. My fajitas were pretty much as expected; the steak was cooked well, the seasonings were good, the peppers and onions were reasonably fresh, but the plate of tomatoes, onions, sour cream and cheese looked like it had been assembled days before and kept in the fridge with saran wrap until it was needed. Everything looked old, squished and kind of gross and I wound up not touching it.
The staff were super attentive and friendly, which was pretty much what kept me from leaving this place frustrated.
We went on a groupon; for what we paid, we couldn't really be too upset for the quality of food. If I'd paid the menu price of nearly $20 for that salmon I would have been pretty frustrated, however. If you live in the area and are looking for a place to grab drinks with your friends, the cheap and tasty margarita pitchers here might be a great idea. Otherwise, I'd avoid this place. Way too much money for food and atmosphere that just feel "off."My first introduction to this Mexican restaurant was of a waiter serving hamburgers and  french fries to the next table over. That set the tone for the rest of the night because fresh Mexican food was a questionable title for what was served. The waiters were nice but brought out what tasted like canned refried beans and cheap boxed Spanish rice. At the average $16 price point I would expect more. I should have learned from the next table over and stuck with the hamburgers.I've been here about 8 times; the hostesses need some practice, the food is great 9.5 out of 10 times.
Their Monday/Tuesday "Fiesta night" deal is fantastic, 2 entree's, a pitcher of marg or sangria for $45...
Love the chimmi's, beef taco's, crag ques. and their seared steak tip app.  Sitting outside is great 8 months/year...inside is cozy in the other 4!I was very excited to come here because of their vegan options. I came here with my husband and  mother in law. We loved the atmosphere but it did not mach up to the food unfortunately. 
We waited a long time to be sat (on a Sunday afternoon) even though there were only 3 or 4 tables occupied. I was not very impressed by the vegan cheese. Living in the city has made me very spoiled to good vegan food. The price was too much for simple tortillas, beans and veggies. Overall, the place was OK. I may come back but the food was not very special to me.Ugh.  I gave this place a few chances, but I will not be coming back.  First of all - the place itself, tucked in the neighborhood, within walking distance, not on Main St, so much going for it.  But when you walk in - what the heck? The "lobby" is weird, dark and cluttered.  There are wires or extension cords running along the ceiling and I swear a washer/dryer set with a laundry basket of dirty linens on top.  Obviously a converted house, but this is ridiculous.  
Everyone goes here for the endless margaritas and the outside patio but the margaritas are a watery mix and served in wine glasses(?). There are no margarita glasses to be found at this place.  I don't even think they came with a fresh lime.  The outside patio is a plus but with food and drink this bad, I'm disappointed to say I won't be using it.
I ordered enchiladas and they were awful.  There was something dusted on the top and I asked the server what it was and he looked at me with a straight face and said, "parmesan cheese."  
That about sums it up.In short, this is a local, independent, non-pretentious neighborhood restaurant!  You will get really delicious food and friendly service in an older building.  While some staff are seasoned and knowledgeable, you'll find newer staff, while pleasant, are definitely green in their skill set. If the place is packed, service may be slow.  Unlike a huge chain, they don't have a pile of greeters and wait staff just standing around.  Also unlike a huge chain, no one will recite from memory the required "up-sell sales pitch".  Be thankful for independent business, support the good ones so they survive, and have a little patience when things get hectic.
For the detailed review, feel free to keep reading...
Now residing in the Roxborough / Manayunk neighborhood of Philadelphia since early 2015, I am fortunate to have many local, small and independent restaurants and bars from which to choose.  One of my newest favorites is the Adobe Cafe (I have been here at least 8 or 9 times in the course of 5 to 6 months).  The restaurant with bar is in a nondescript location right a midst the neighborhood residents. It's a casual and comfortable spot where it appears many folks are long-time regulars.  I have yet to actually dine in the dining room, instead choosing the bar area (same menu).  I am guessing they have been operating for 20+ years and the owners have 1 other location in South Philadelphia.  
They are self-described as South Western Cuisine, but many would also consider it Mexican.  The extensive menu features many options of Quesadillas, Enchiladas, Burritos, full entrees and lots of appetizers.  They also feature an entire page of Vegetarian choices.  Some of my favorites (I'm still discovering new favorites) include the Vegetarian Quesadilla, the Steak Tips, Fish Tacos and Chicken Burrito (it's huge).  I keep promising myself I will soon try the Peanut Butter Pie for dessert.
The Adobe Café features 2 main dining areas, the bar with lots of tables for seating (plus about 8 at the bar), and an outdoor dining area.  The full bar service of course features plenty of Margaritas and Daiquiris, as well as a large selection of Frozen Drink specialties.  Plenty of beer choices, but a limited selection of wines (but very reasonably priced).  As I add other reviews of my neighborhood spots, you'll find most offer a very basic selection of wine.
Thinking this mostly served neighborhood residents, after speaking with other patrons (a huge benefit of sitting at the bar in any restaurant) is many come from other parts of the city to dine here, which speaks volumes for the quality.  The staff appears consistent, and they are all friendly and welcoming (though some are very "green" at their skills).  If you try the Adobe Café (or any local neighborhood restaurant), keep in mind they are imperfect which in parts makes them unique.  Every month, on the 4th Thursday the Adobe Café does a benefit night with a significant portion of the proceeds going to the charity of the month.  It will likely be extremely busy, so if it's your first visit, don't go on charity night as they almost always have an amazing turnout (as they do for other community events).  Independent restaurants are the opposite of most chains - which is why I love them. As soon as you are seated, free chips and homemade salsa are served (and you don't need a rewards membership to get them).  Prices range from around $8 to $16 for most appetizers and entrees.
They feature Karaoke on Saturday nights in the bar area, though I have yet to attend.  Otherwise, there is a jukebox in the bar (I really am not a fan of these unless a staff member can manipulate them), or often one of the TV's is on with sound.  There is actually free municipal parking in the lot across the street or just find a spot on the street (it's still a bit easier to do up the hill in Roxborough than in Manayunk).  If this was a chain with the same review, they would get 4 stars, but small business cannot compete with big corporate chains, so 3 cheers for the bonus star!