We had a wonderful Sunday brunch here. The food is delicious and flavorful, fresh, well-priced. We were visiting from NYC and consider ourselves foodies. Everything we ordered hit the right notes here. Highly recommend.Vietnamese flavors mixed with American breakfast dishes adds a new meaning to breakfast! This place also has outdoor dining so you can social distance while enjoying the food! Staff is super welcoming and quick. Definitely a go-to place for breakfast/brunch.Really cute place and nice staff who gave advice about places to visit. Really good food and kinda expensive but pretty much worth it. Took a little long to get the food.The breakfast den is an amazing choice while traveling. 
I stumbled across the eatery while walking around and had the most pleasant experience here. 
The owner and staff were all so helpful with their menu and their personal suggestions were all on point. 
If you are from here I envy that you can come here whenever you want. I am definitely making this a stop when I come back.Delicious! Got the bahn mi op la and loved the breakfast take on bahn mi. I am always a fan of perfect runny over easy egg on my breakfast dish. This encaptured that perfectly in a sandwich! Bread was really soft and sausage and bacon was delicious with daikon. They added mint in there instead of cilantro which was a different taste but I love a good different spin on dishes!A breakfast spot right off of 15th & Broad, with a very pretty interior design. 
We ordered 2 Omelette, 2 TBD Usual & 2 Latte on Wednesday afternoon. Our waitress was extremely nice and kind, but our wait time for the food to come out was more than 50 minutes. We were patiently enough to wait but definitely concerned if they have forgotten our table? 
The flavoring of the food was delicious, but the amount on the plate vs the price was not worth it.I'm eating my leftovers from yesterday's brunch for lunch today and their amazingness reminded me to write this review. Banh mi breakfast sandwich is absolutely out of this world. It manages to be both sweet and savory and the baguette is crunchy on the outside, fluffy on the inside. My dad got the lemon banana chocolate chip pancakes and wanted to lick the plate. He said the balance between flavors was perfect. I also enjoyed the Vietnamese iced coffee. Tables were safely distanced inside and service was lovely.Came here for outdoor dining this last weekend. Hadn't heard of it until now but it was a good experience! 
Plenty of outdoor seating available and very nice servers. If you opt for indoor seating it seemed like they actually were following the 6ft guideline pretty well. Varied menu with breakfast items, sandwiches, sides, and drinks. I had the banh mi with crispy eggplant. Baguette was nice and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Everything was nice and fresh and the large leaves of mint and basil really elevated the whole thing. Eggplant was delicious too. My partner had the kale bowl with crispy eggplant and again, everything just looked nice and fresh with vibrant colors. We had the hibiscus tea which was also delicious and not too sweet. 
Unfortunately there was a Philadelphia sand storm (which is apparently a thing?) when we were there. There is no cover at all for the outdoor seating so sand and stuff got everywhere in our drinks and presumably our food. So just be careful if you're going on a less than desirable weather day as there is no cover for the outdoor seats. 
A different take on breakfast food with nice fresh options. Worth a try if you're in the area!Don't have photos yet but the chicken sandwich is delicious. The fried pork belly is delicious. The bacon and egg with jam sandwich is delicious. The staff is courteous and kind. I definitely recommend. And I won't be so greedy next time to forget a photo. :)I was excited when I heard that a new brunch spot was opening up in my neighborhood even in the midst of a pandemic! I was intrigued by the concept of Vietnamese inspired American breakfast dishes, as Asian fusion type restaurants can be pretty hit or miss. Spoiler alert: this fell into the latter category. 
We called in an order for the French toast sticks, TBD banh mi with pulled pork, with a side of 4 bacon chocolate chip pancakes. We were told the order would be ready in 35-40 minutes. A little long, but I figured it would be worth the wait. When we pulled up after patiently waiting the full 40 minutes, we were told it would be another 10-15 minutes. That was a gross underestimation as we then waited outside for an additional 30 minutes, without a simple acknowledgement or apology, just a question of "did you pay?" when we finally picked up the order...yes- 30 minutes ago when we first arrived! I can totally understand if they were swamped with orders, but it seemed like the hold up was simply that their kitchen needs more than one 4 burner stove for the restaurant.  
The food didn't meet my expectations, which were pretty high after the sizeable wait and also the other glowing Yelp reviews (which I now find rather dubious). The French toast sticks were just ok- didn't taste any extra sweetness or flavor from the condensed milk, nothing special. Eggs were light and fluffy, no complaints there. The attempt at sweet/savory combo with the bacon chocolate chip pancakes didn't quite pan out- the bacon bits were quite sparsely distributed so I barely tasted any, and for chocolate chip pancakes they were average. The banh mi roll was decent but the pulled pork wasn't that flavorful and also not plentifully distributed. Somehow the whole sandwich was also soggy by the time we opened it despite a short walk home.Walking in was a bit confused at first. I wasn't sure if i was to order at the counter or seat myself. I had to walk up and ask because I was standing there and didn't get acknowledgment. 
I was sat on the side counter and the place didn't have a lot of room, but it was nicely lit and had a homie vibe to it. Great lighting for my photos.
I ordered the Banh Mi Op La, home fries, and jasmine ice coffee. I waited over 30min for my food, the waitress did came and apologized for the wait.
The banh mi was a 6.5/10 the bread had a good crust and chewy inside, picked carrots and mint added a nice freshness to it. I could probably do without the egg, the sausage patty had a good flavor.
The home fries weren't my thing, I usually like a golden brown or has a nice pan fry/crisp to it. The jasmine coffee was pleasant, I do love the taste of jasmine tea.The food here definitely isn't bad, but it wasn't incredible either. 
I got the bacon bacon bacon (something like that) and it was delish, but tasted like every other good breakfast sandwich I've ever had. 
My wife got a pork belly rice bowl and found it to be HEAVY on the rice, but light on the good stuff. 
We'll definitely go there if we're hungry and within 4 blocks, but won't cross the city or anything for this food.I found out about this place from a friend and also learned that it was Vietnamese owned! My sister and I went for brunch and got the Hannah Banana Pancakes which were bomb! Lemon zest, bananas and chocolate is a winning combo. We also got Crispy Pork Belly Bites and Ryan's Crispy Chicken Sandwich. The Crispy Pork Belly Bites is top 2 and it's not 2! Huyen did a great job with the concept, decor, vibe, and quality of food.This spot is new, and might be my new favorite breakfast and brunch!! I ordered takeout and the food came out quick and amazing!! You definitely need to try this placeSuper long wait for our meal, found hairs in our appetizer and our meal, got the wrong food order--would strongly recommend not goingWe popped into The Breakfast Den, while casually looking for a place to grab some lunch.  The inside had a few tables and chairs along the walls, leaving the middle of the establishment open for adequate social distancing.  The outdoor sidewalk area had plenty of tables to eat at.
It's not easy to open a new business in the middle of a pandemic, but TBD seems to be doing well. 
We opted for outdoor seating and our waitress was quick and friendly.  I was bit concerned regarding food wait time based on some of the negative reviews.  However, we received our order in an efficient and timely manner. We ordered the Vietnamese Iced Coffee (which the server was nice enough to split into 2 glasses), TBD Banh Mi and the SausagEggs Cheez.  The Iced Coffee gives you a super jolt.  My husband loved it, but it was a bit strong for me not being a regular coffee drinker.  Our sandwiches were great!Always the most fresh and amazing food! The menu is so different and creative. I am here almost every weekend and never disappointed!!!This place is an absolute gem, from the original food options to the wonderful wait staff and owner, please support this business you won't be disappointed, try the pumpkin pancakes or the original TBD usual breakfast platter it's fantastic!!This is a great spot to sit and chat on a Saturday afternoon (and yes it is BYO). Not a big crowd but the food was very good. Breakfast sandwich with sausage and spicy Aoli was 10/10! Our waitress was very nice and attentive and the food came out very quickly. The atmosphere is very nice and very spaced out (Covid friendly!!).  The only draw back I can see is that we were charged $25 for a pitcher of OJ (yikes ). But hey, we understand just wish it were listed on the menu. Will be returning!!
Ps the pen they give you to sign the check is purple. (It's all in the details)The food is decent. It's nothing spectacular and nothing extraordinary but some elements such as the banh mi's are quite tasty. I made a Yelp account in order to leave this review months ago, but never got around to it.  My server was beyond sweet, super attentive, and very helpful with ordering. The issue was the manager or owner perhaps? It was very discerning and uncomfortable that she appeared noticeably inebriated and despite having multiple guests dining there verbally assaulted and offended one of her line cooks. You could hear the entire altercation from outside which really offset the whole dining experience. It was very loud, and very unprofessional. As an industry person myself I was quite taken back and felt badly for the employee. Decent food will carry you but respect for your employees is of the utmost importance. I'm always excited to see new places popping up but unfortunately feel obliged to spread the word of the wildly inappropriate candor.The Breakfast Den is my new favorite place now. Very cute spot with great prices and good menu options. Everything we got was excellent and the menu itself was to die for. The service was awesome. They were quick, reliable, and got everything right. Overall I would go to this place again and again.Yum!!! Just enjoyed a delicious sandwich from here. My boyfriend and I both got the Bahn Mi Op La and it was beyond fantastic! Seriously so impressed. Get it, you won't be disappointed. Great bread and great flavor. Called to place order and it was ready in 15 minutes- great and fast service. Can't wait to try other items on the menu!Had the Bahn Mi Op La, died, so good, It was the best sandwich I've had in a long time.So first of all, just wanted to set expectations for the Viet crowd or grew up on eating authentic Viet food reading this review; that this is VERY different in my opinion to the Viet food I've eaten. I would say it's Viet styled/inspired while infused with American breakfast and flavors. The food was good don't get me wrong - but a bit pricey for what it is. 
I ordered, the TBD Breakfast Rice Bowl, spicy popcorn chicken, fried pork belly bites, Ryan's fried chicken sandwich, and Viet iced coffee. The best item was definitely the rice bowl. The sandwich was a bit dry and the spicy popcorn chicken and fried pork belly bites just looked so simple and plain and honestly seemed like it was just small leftover pieces that they turned into a side order for the price. The coffee, was the worst. It tasted like burnt coffee and water-nothing like what Viet coffee should taste like.Got the TBD breakfast bowl today and it was delicious and a great portion size! Really excited for this new spot in the neighborhood, super convenient and quick service!My boyfriend and I stopped by TBD on a Wednesday around 11 AM for a quick brunch. The space inside is very small and there aren't many tables outside. Luckily, we got the last table available inside! They were busier than I expected.
The interior is charming with beautiful decor! When you walk in, you go up to the counter to be seated. The service is very attentive too.
To drink, my boyfriend tried the Jasmine Palmer and loved it. I stuck with water. To eat, we started with the Crispy Pork Belly to share. Since the place was packed to capacity, the food took about 15-20 minutes. We weren't in a rush so that was expected and not at all an issue for us. The pork belly was perfectly crisp and tasty. The highlight was the aioli that came with this dish. We saved it for later. For our mains, I had the TBD Usual with fried eggs and bacon. I really wanted to try the eggplant so that's why I opted for this dish. I'm so glad I did because the eggplant was delicious! My boyfriend had the Sweet Bacon Jam sandwich and really enjoyed that too.
My only complaint is that my potatoes were not cooked through. Not a huge deal, but it's a bummer to bite into a solid potato. I'm not well versed in Vietnamese food, so I'm not sure that I would be the right judge of the authenticity here. However, I really enjoyed this brunch spot and will absolutely return!Checked out this new spot and the unique, delicious menu items are definitely worth coming back for.  The inside is super cute with hand painted floral theme on the walls.  There are a few tables inside for seating and then a few outside, too.  We ordered the sweet bacon jam sandwich-oh em gee!  The eggs were cooked well- not too dry, not too wet and had bacon pieces throughout. The unique ingredient in this was the strawberry aioli. Who would have thought that strawberries goes well with eggs and bacon, but it works!  Really, really well! The potatoes were just ok, strong bell pepper flavor and the potatoes could use some more crisp.  We also ordered the French toast sticks.  If you're looking for traditional flavors of French toast, you're not going to get that.  There's some Vietnamese spices added to the French toast that give it a different flavor, but still tasty.  The condensed milk glaze on the French toast was yummy but beware if you're watching your calories.  Eggs were good and so was the bacon.  You could tell the bacon was good quality and a little on the thicker side.  
I love that this little spot opened up on 15th and south to give this corner a bright little nook with good food like its predecessor Little Spoon.  I hope this business succeeds and stays around for a while!Today we ordered the French toast sticks, bacon/chocolate chip pancakes, and the pulled pork bahn mi. 
The French toast sticks were not very good. Idk what they used in the batter but the French toast just tasted like cold cuts dipped in condensed milk. The scrambled eggs were nice and fluffy but overall this dish was pretty bad. 
The pancakes were okay. The problem with small pancakes is that they are kind of tough instead of being nice and fluffy inside. This dish was worse than the French toast sticks. 
Surely the pulled pork banh mi would be the saving grace for this Vietnamese inspired meal! Nope. This was also very bland. The roll selection was decent but the meat of the sandwich was dry and flavorless. 
When I called in the order they warned the that the wait would be 30-40 minutes. When I arrived after 40 minutes, they asked me to hang tight for another 10. I ended up waiting there for another 40 minutes. They should have been honest, I could have waited at home instead of awkwardly in the restaurant. 
I would not recommend ordering from here unless you like waiting an hour+ for bad food. 
Many 5 star reviews posted from accounts with few friends/reviews/credibility. Don't say I didn't warn you!Took over two hours just for pancakes and eggs. Barely even gave me one egg, was maybe two bites total. No syrup for the pancakes. Food was cold. Yeah needless to say, never ordering from here againJust had breakfast delivery through Yelp/Grubhub for TBD. after walking by it on multiple occasions and seeing a lovely outdoor crowd, I knew I had to give it a try. 
I know a lot of people don't immediately think Vietnamese food for breakfast, but there is at least 5  reasons why y'all should give this spot a try! 
1. The food came early, hot, and delicious 
2. The side potatoes are very well seasoned, much better than traditional home fries. 
3. The flavor palette is insane. I had the ToHu egg on a baguette and it was not only filling, but flavorful with each bite. I can't speak highly enough about the tomatoes-greens-crispy tofu-egg combo. 
4. They're a graduate hospital eat-super close to center city, on south street. their aesthetic is absolutely adorable. 
5. The sausage egg and cheese was flavorful and juicy- really well done.This is a great quick and convenient breakfast/lunch spot! I got the TBD Banh Mi and Vietnamese iced coffee, which were both delicious!!If you're looking to fill the Nam Son shaped void in your heart, or for Vietnamese food on this side of Broad and further north than Washington, The Breakfast Den is a great option. It's not a full service traditional Vietnamese restaurant but it does combine 2 of my favorite things- breakfast and Vietnamese food. It's fusion, but a banh mi is fusion (French Viet), and I'm definitely here for the further multiculturalization of food. If it helps lure people from Center City to Washington by opening their eyes to the incrediblemess of Vietnamese food by disguising it at brunch so we preserve more Vietnamese shopping plazas, I'm for that too.
I used my parents helping me move as an excuse to get takeout and they LOVED IT. The super soft opening menu has several different sections- apps (mostly little fried things you dip in sauces), drinks (the lavender lemonade is amazing and the Vietnamese iced coffee is great too), sweet stuff (pancakes and French toast sticks!), sandwiches (some banh mi takes and some more fun breakfast sammies), rice bowls (choose a protein) and salads (which can be wrapped in rice paper).  My dad stopped mid bite to rave about the crispy pork belly in the rice bowl (it's fried to perfection). The rice bowl comes with 2 eggs, Viet sauce, cucumbers, rice, cabbage that's more of a mayonaisy slaw than traditional Viet and a spring roll and it's a good sized portion. The banh mi opla was very good - sausage patties, bacon, eggs and eggplant pate! The quinoa kale salad with red onion, cranberries and cucumbers was simple and a great way to offset the heavier dishes we got. They had run out of goat cheese and called back to offer bleu cheese which was very nice of them.
Kudos to The Breakfast Den for opening in the middle of a PANDEMIC and selling out by noon on their first full day of service! They have a small outdoor patio and some sidewalk tables and lots of space inside to wait for a takeout order from 6 ft away. Employees and customers were masked. I called in a takeout order and it look about 30 minutes. Can't wait for restaurants to be open for real again because this place is decorated so cute! Looking forward to seeing what else they come up with, guess that's TBD.Such an awesome spot!!! From the whimsical decor to the amazing coffee, friendly service and staff and finally to the INCREDIBLE FOOD!  Delightfully interesting takes on breakfast that is totally elevating. You'll find me here every weekend!!!This place was great! Staff was inviting and friendly, seating was comfortable and perfect for a comfy breakfast spot. 
Now the FOOD......A-M-A-Z-l-N-G
I had the Sweet Bacon Jam and the wife had the Eggs and Cheesy! Both were perfect and add the amazing home fries to boot. If I lived in Philly this would become a staple in my dining.The Breakfast Den is my new favorite brunch spot in Philly! It's located in the heart of the city on 15th and South Street - it's a prime spot!
My friend and I stopped by for brunch last Saturday. I was thoroughly impressed with everything about this establishment. 
We ordered the Op La which is the most savory sandwich you could ever order. It came with bacon, eggs, homemade sausage patties, and a delicious aioli sauce! All on a crisp baguette. The flavors work together harmoniously for the perfect taste! It's not like your typical Vietnamese banh mi! 
I also ordered the crispy pork belly appetizer which was satisfying. They were packed with the perfect amount of crisp. The accompanying sauce did not disappoint as well! 
The Vietnamese iced coffee here is solid! TBD partnered with Caphe Roasters, which is a local Philly coffee shop! #supportlocalbusinesses The coffee was bold with just the right amount of sweetness added through the condensed milk! 
Customer service was top-notch! Everyone was super friendly and helpful in navigating the best menu options. I love that they have a semi-open kitchen concept where you can physically see the quality and attentiveness they put into making their food! 
Lastly, the decor in this restaurant is absolutely breathtaking! They've created an atmosphere that's both beautiful and welcoming! Definitely check it out for yourself - the artwork on the wall is stunning! So homely. 
Overall, I would definitely visit again! I'm so excited to taste more of the other menu options. 
Tip: Follow their Instagram for updates because they feature new menu items and awesome food pics!This is a sweet little place! Outdoor seating is for 2. I got the breakfast bowl with crispy eggplant. The eggplant were spectacularly crunchy and crisp! Would highly recommend. Also got the hibiscus lemonade, which I heard was quite good. I didn't really get the taste of hibiscus at all, which was slightly disappointing. Overall was a good meal, but was mostly impressed by the eggplant!Stopped by TBD while in the neighborhood and really wanted to try it because of the great reviews. Ordered take out. Staff members appropriately wear masks and hand sanitizers at the order counter. Customer service was great.
Decided on choosing the TBD Rice Bowl with crispy pork belly. A little pricey, but worth it. I love having over easy eggs with meat and rice. The crispy pork belly was perfectly crispy. (I hate it when restaurants advertise crispy pork belly and it isn't crispy at all. TBD does not disappoint.) it comes with vinegar if you'd like to dip/pour. The rice bowl is just one good combination of eggs, meat, house slaw, and egg rolls.
Would love to try the sandwiches, but I can assume they're just as delicious as the bowl I had. They have a few tables placed around the restaurant for outdoor dining. Would highly recommend supporting TBD!!Pulled Pork Bahn Mi was delicious.  Can't wait to go back for another one.Amazing food! Was expecting an ordinary breakfast sandwich when I ordered, but was brought one of the best sandwiches i've ever had! Staff was super kind and prices were great! This is a place where you can find non traditional REAL breakfast food. Would come again:)First thoughts when you walk in are how cute and welcoming the colors and layout are. They have a nice patio out back with a few tables as well. The staff is friendly, and there is a semi open kitchen layout. 
The menu is unique it's breakfast/brunch with an Asian flare. 
I had the banh mi sausage egg bacon sandwich and it did not disappoint!! 
If you like gooey yolks you'll love this banh mi. Tons of fresh herbs, pickled carrot/radish mix. And the bread was so fresh. The secret aioli makes this even more of a knockout. 
Oh and they have solid coffee! 
Give this place a try, I can't wait to go back.Everything we ordered was made with fresh ingredients and was delicious. We ordered mostly breakfast dishes and some sides and it was really good. Their aiolis are unique and flavorful and compliment the seasoning on the dishes very well. We had the spicy popcorn chicken, thit Kho hash, TBD Banh Mi, and the Banh Mi op la, mommas egg rolls, and pumpkin cakes. The cakes were light and perfect texture, the hash was well constructed and had balanced flavors, the banh mi's had perfectly cooked meat and the bread was crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. Egg rolls were obviously made in house and the popcorn chicken had a seasoning blend I've never had before (amazing). These are the types of places that knit themselves into the fabric of the community for years to come. Definitely will be returning!I came across this restaurant on TikTok and luckily remembered it when I was already in the neighborhood. Initially, we were told the wait was going to be 45 minutes to an hour, so we decided to walk around the neighborhood and wait for their call. After about 30 minutes, we completed the loop and came back to see a few tables open. (Wondering why we weren't called yet at this point.) But, after checking in with the staff at the counter, we quickly got a table cleaned up for us. 
It took a few more minutes for the waitress to come over, so we were ready with our drink and food order. I ordered the Vietnamese iced coffee, the shaken steak & eggs banh mi, and the crispy pork belly bites for the table. I'm going to guess that our food took roughly 30 minutes to arrive. Between the slow service and kitchen, we were pretty hungry at this point.  
I was quite excited for what I ordered, but ultimately was underwhelmed. The pork belly bites were cooked well, but I felt that the aioli was a bit too sweet. The banh mi was beautifully crafted, but did not have much flavor beyond an omelet on a baguette. I wish I had ordered a more traditional style banh mi which would have had a more complimentary profile. The Vietnamese coffee, being one of my favorite treats, could have been a bit thicker but perhaps would be the only thing I would order again if I was just popping in. 
If you're in the neighborhood, take a chance and stop by! With a decently varied menu, perhaps you will find something that you like!This place is DELICIOUS. 
Highly recommend the bahn mi op la. I've only gotten delivery from here, and I've gotten the bahn mi op la 3-4 times. The menu says it comes with chips, but I've never gotten chips with my order. Not a big deal.
The spicy chicken bites are also very good, and I get that they're "bite-sized," but in my book, these chicken pieces were literal crumbs (see photos). If you want actual bite-sized chicken for the same price range, check out Crunchk'n.We waited over an hour while they seated all kinds of people who had arrived after we did.  People came up and sat down and were served with no wait at all.  They were not on the list. 
The hostess was not wearing a mask.   The food may be ok but this is not an acceptable way to do businessSo glad to have this new addition to the neighborhood, especially because of the unique Vietnamese twist on brunch food. The banh mi was tasty; hubbie really enjoyed it. The French toast sticks with condensed milk were as expected; I did add some maple syrup at home. Tofu was crispy and spring rolls were good. Will have to try their other menu items next time. Prices were okay; definitely more than usual Vietnamese fare but understandable. We did takeout and the food took a bit longer than initially quoted, but nothing major. Overall satisfied with the experience and will be coming back!This place is beautiful and the food is really unique and tasty, and the staff is very friendly. I'd highly recommend stopping in if you're in the area, or making a special trip to check it out. It's a fun concept, and very well executed. I backpacked SE Asia once upon a time, and the food reminded me so much of being there. It's authentic flavors but high quality and excellently prepared - like improved nostalgia. Go, wait in line if you have to, and enjoy.Love this cute little place! Came here with my picky eater friends and they absolutely loved it! One of my friend doesn't eat pork so I'm glad they had varieties of food to choose from. She had momma veggies egg rolls, Morning TB Sammy, and Hannah banana cakes. She's not the one to talk during meals but she kept complimenting every thing she ate. I had the Chao ga and  sweet bacon jam which was delicious! Shaken steak banh mi was also delicious. The only problem we had was the wait, but its okay, it was very busy and we understand. Would totally come back again to try the rest of the menu.It was nice to be in a restaurant.  Indoor eating just restarted.  This place is very cute and the servers are very nice.  The workers obviously love dogs.  As do I.  "Act like the person your dog thinks you are" is one of the sayings on the chalkboard.  That beautiful saying was quickly forgotten when I noticed the #BlackLivesMatter silliness written next it.  How about #BeNice?  I have no patience for people who virtue signal.  Anyway, the omelet took a loooooong time to receive.  It was flavorless!  I asked for breakfast potatoes to be well done.  They were not.  I ate NONE of the potatoes and 1/2 of the omelet.  The server came over and asked, "how was your meal?"  Well, look at my plate!!  What do you think?  Of course, I did not complain and responded with a total non-sequitur...."ok."  Anyway, nice to see them open. Nice people.  Stop virtue signaling.  Love dogs.  All lives matter.  Servers should take plate cues.  Salt and pepper are good.  And well done means, well....done.I ordered two Banh Mi Op La's for breakfast. They told me it'd be ready in 15 minutes. I walked over 8 minutes later and the food was ready. Walked back, ate it, amazing. The Op La was full of flavor, dripping with juices that I'd dunk the rest of the sandwich into as I ate it. This was basically a mic drop of a breakfast. I find any negative reviews here to be rather dubious; it's a new breakfast joint. I didn't experience any trouble or ill experience whatsoever, but I know that places need some time to fine tune their process. Any sane person knows this, so don't trap yourself by coming here with "very high expectations" and then give a negative review because of little inconveniences.disappointing, expensive Vietnamese Iced Coffee. Very watered down with little flavor. Not worth the price at all. Won't be returning.Great breakfast basics along with some new breakfast flavors.  Will be frequenting TBD!This place was a gem! The food was beyond delicious, the service was top notch. All fresh ingredients and so so fabulous. What a score! Thanks for this amazing spot.Breakfast today and it was very interesting. Good ice and hot coffee. It's on the corner of 15th and South. The inside is very pretty. The outside isn't as pretty. Friend had the breakfast Bahn mi, eggs, pickled vegetables, bacon, homemade sausage and herbs. I had the breakfast platter, eggs , fried eggplant, bacon , potatoes. Service was great. Food was very good*COVID-19: Outside seatings are available. Everyone wears a mask. Pretty lax about sanitation, at least for outside tables. No temperatures taken.
Three for food. One extra star for service.
Excellent, friendly customer service. I loved our waiter. I regret not leaving more tips for her.
As for the food, I tried Thit Kho Hash for the first time. The egg oozed into the the rest of the pulled pork. The dish was very hearty, but it didn't really blow my mind. I wish it wasn't served so cold when it arrived to our table. Otherwise, my friends loved the food they ordered.
I ordered the iced Vietnamese coffee. It didn't taste like the usual iced Vietnamese coffee. I raved about this drink so much - I was a bit embarrassed I introduced my friends to this drink for the first time. Instead, order the hibiscus lemonade. I wanted to steal my friend's drink throughout the hangout.My boyfriend, sister, and I have visited this place multiple times in the past month and half. While we had such high hopes for this place to be the next, big and trendy, Viet-fusion brunch place on South St., we've consistently left with takeout that was good, but not enticing enough to ask for seconds. Thus, I've rated this den an honest 3/5 for food that is tasty, but not yet excellent.
Atmosphere: The interior is very cute and tastefully decorated to fit the casual, cute, homey, and slightly hipster aesthetic. The counter workers were friendly, and service was quick and efficient. In terms of COVID precautions: all staff wore masks, customers are required to wear masks indoors, and there were a few tables 6ft apart outside. 
Food: I've tried a variety of food from the menu: TBD Rice Bowl, TBD Banh Mi, Sweet Bacon Jam, Ban Mi Op La, ToHu & Eggs, Fried Pork Belly Bites, Viet Iced Coffee.
      Fried Pork Belly: This mini bite was the best item out of them all! 5/5 for being very crispy and having a delicious aioli sauce. The sauce didn't overpower the pork belly taste, and it added the perfect amount of spice and flavor to the umami of the pork belly. 
      TBD Rice Bowl: This dish was inconsistent and disappointing both times I had it. My rice was undercooked and slightly hard. The eggrolls appeared a bit soggy. The slaw, herbs, cucumbers, and crispy eggplant (choice of topping) were a bit bland and didn't exactly combine together with the rice. The best part was the house dressing that when mixed in, helped the dish feel less like random vegetables on top of rice and more like a purposeful rice bowl; however, overall, the bowl was a bit eclectic and bland.
       TBD Banh Mi: We've also had the sandwich twice and both times it was pretty good with solid filling. However, we felt the bread was lacking in crispiness, as many Banh Mi sandwiches have, and the sandwich was lacking in sauce or spread. Imagine how much tastier it would be if in one bite you first meet the crunchy, flaky exterior of the bread, and then you continue to bite into a soft interior that has all the topping (you choose) and veggie deliciousness, mixed with a nice sauce that brings it all together - you would've hit both marks in texture and taste. 
Also, both the TBD Banh Mi and Ban Mi Op La state that they come with chips on the menu, but we have never received it. The one time we actually did go back to ask for our chips, we were told that they ran out...
       ToHu & Eggs: My boyfriend had the sandwich twice, and unfortunately the first time he had it was significantly better than the second one. It appears that this dish is inconsistent because the first time he thought the flavor was spot on but lacked texture from a not very crispy, crispy tofu. The second time, it lacked in the sauce and herbs, causing a dry and less flavorful sandwich. 
       Sweet Bacon Jam: Again, while this sandwich was good, nothing about the flavor particularly stood out. It simply tasted like bacon and eggs on a bread with strawberry jam. Tasty, but not exactly worth $10, even with some (average) homefries.
TLDR: 3/5 for a decent brunch in a convenient location. However, the food is tasty at best with its conversation starter being: "this is good, but what can make the dish even better."**chef's kiss**
been walking past this place for months and finally called in an order for lunch. food was ready for pick up within the 20min time frame they told me over the phone. ordered a crispy chicken bahn mi, veggie spring rolls and a vietnamese coffee. all of it was flavorful and fresh. my only wish is that i had ordered more! 
100% recommend. they have indoor seating and some cafe tables out front. ordering via phone and pick up was incredible easy. friendly staff and a really  cute spot for breakfast or lunch.This was a find for a delicious breakfast! They have cute tables outside which was great for eating with the dog (though a bit hot). I enjoyed the Hannah banana pancakes, so lemony and generous amounts of banana and chocolate. My husband had a tofu egg banh mi which was super tasty and came with potatoes. It was a good amount of food and all made fresh to order. The mint ice tea was super while the lemonade was a bit sweet for breakfast.The food was very good here! I got the Kho hash and it was 9/10! My friend got the French toast and it was very average. Tasted just like french toast you'd make at home. Overall service was good, but the food did take a while.Finally had the opportunity to eat in at The Breakfast Den ("TBD") and enjoyed a mocha and the Thit Kho Hash (2 fried eggs with Vietnamese pulled pork, jalapeñs, cheddar cheese, homefries)--particularly enjoyed the fried eggs, which were somehow airy in the center, crispy on the edges, and nicely flavored overall.Best breakfast sandwich I've had in a while! Definitely recommend bahn mi op la (not pictured because I dove in lol)!!!! The mochas were very good too. Finally a COVID friendly place with outdoor seating. Prices are fair. Also had the popcorn chicken, which was good as well. I like the portion because you don't get over stuffed. Great breakfast spot!I got the banh mi op la and my husband got the same but with tofu. The sauces in the sandwiches had a nice balance between sweetness and savory and was quite creamy. The fried egg was nice and runny despite it being take out. The only complaint I have is that I wish the baguette was a bit more crispy.
Because of COVID, I got take out. However inside the restaurant, the tables were really spaced out and maybe one day I'd eat inside.
Definitely will be coming back again!This was my first time coming here. I've walked past this place for months but never popped in. This morning while on the hunt for breakfast. I thought perhaps today was the day. 
Nope. 
I understand when you have a popular place everyone flocks to that spot. But how you handle a rush is tightly correlated to good your service will be. I've read so many positive reviews here, I suspected that all these people were willing to put up with the wait time. 
Today, I was told that there would be a 30-35 minute wait for a to-go Sausage, Egg, and Cheese breakfast sandwich. I don't know about anyone else, but to me, that's really excessive. I'm sure the meal would be of top-level quality, don't get me wrong. But at the end of the day. It's four ingredients, three of which are in the name. I just had a thought, if it was 30+ mins for my to-go order, how long were the people seated waiting!? 
Lastly, the disdainful look the cashier gave as I politely said that "it was ok, I'd come back another time."  As I didn't want to wait that long, was unappreciated and unnecessary. I'll chalk that off as her just having a day...at 10 in the morning. We've all been there. 
If there's room for expansion, it definitely would be helpful here, something as simple as a to-go/pickup window would go a long way.
Maybe next time...Great food. Service is excellent. The owner is cheerful, kind, and attentive to her customers. The Breakfast Den is a gem in the neighborhood.Me and my boo ordered some afternoon brekky, a rice bowl with pulled pork, a crispy chicken bahn mi and eggrolls. Everything was really good until we found this super long black hair in the rice bowl, and neither of us have black hair. It's really disappointing because the food is actually really good...its just hairyI've eaten at the Breakfast Den a few times now, and for brunch, there's nothing better than vietnamese fusion with American staples! The homefries with pulled pork and jalapenos with eggs create an awesome flavor, and the portions are pretty good for both eat-in or delivery. Baguette is crispy and buttery, coffee was good and the pancakes looked good as well. Small kitchen and dining area but have always been able to find a spot, even on a weekend.Eat somewhere else. Breakfast potatoes were totally underdone, like still hard and everything. It took an hour to even get our food only for it to come out undercooked. It's expensive on top of being gross. Both me and my partner felt pretty sick after eating only a few morsels of the average tasting food. Coffee is decent but that's where my recommendation ends.So good! Great sandwiches! Fist time I've had congee, and so glad I tried it. They also sell great crispy chili oilAmazing food and service! Very clean and overall a really cute place. I came in from San Diego and was super impressed by the entire experience!! 10/10 would recommend. Def coming back whenever I'm in the area.I don't normally leave reviews for places, but this small place warranted a review from the minute I walked in. First off, the aesthetic of the place is incredible, whoever did the interior design deserves major props. The aesthetic alone was enough for me to want to leave a review, so I wasn't surprised when the food was just as incredible. A cool combo of Vietnamese and American packaged into incredibly affordable brunch platters. 
Leaving Philly today, but will definitely come back next time I'm here!After seeing friends' photos of their meals from The Breakfast Den ("TBD"), we had to get take out!
We ordered ~11:30AM on a Sunday and were told our order would be ready in an hour to an hour and a quarter; however, when we arrived a little before an hour was up, it was obvious (from temperature) that our food had been sitting for a bit.*
Both sandwiches were tasty: we tried the Shaken Steak & Eggs Banh Mi (2 fried eggs, Vietnamese marinated steak cubes, peppers & onions, sliced tomatoes with fried shallots topped with herbs on a baguette) and Ryan's Crispy Chicken Sandwich (panko crusted chicken breast, house slaw, and spicy aioli on brioche bun and house potato chips). Would've liked jalapenos on the Banh Mi, a bit more slaw/sauce on the Chicken Sandwich, and some more seasoning on the house potato chips, which were on the edge of burned. Our favorite was the order of Momma's Egg Rolls (pork), which had great flavor.
Note, there's a back patio with outdoor seating available!
*BYO bag or be prepared to carry your boxed takeout freehand!When we found out that 1) TBD was right around the corner and 2) they were a new small business, we had to check it out! We ordered online via Postmates for a brunch pickup on a Saturday. The place is super adorable inside - vibrant walls and a huge open space that is very welcoming! All staff were very friendly, and all were practicing social distancing + wearing masks, which was much appreciated. 
To hit the food...TBD also stood out to us for their Vietnamese focus. I've never had Vietnamese breakfast, but the reviews were on point so we were very intrigued. I went for the TBD rice bowl, which featured 2 over easy eggs, rice with their own dressing, mint, some cilantro, some cucumbers, slaw and 2 baby egg rolls. Rice for breakfast was new to me...definitely different, but not opposed to it. The rice was a little plain, but with the sauce and the slaw mixed in, it added something a little more. The egg rolls were very good - not sure exactly what was in them, but very fresh and delish. Overall, I enjoyed my meal, but I think next time, I'll add a protein for an extra bit of flavor, or I'll ask for more sauce to give the rice a leg-up. My fiance went for the banh mi op la since that also had very solid reviews - he was a big fan! It was chockfull of proteins, and the sauce and veggies gave it that Vietnamese flair. His only "complaint" was that the bread got a little soggy on our short walk back home, but definitely not anything that could be fixed. Lastly, we both got Vietnamese iced coffee for our caffeine fix. These were good, but I couldn't really tell the difference between this drink and a typical iced coffee - slightly stronger for sure, but the flavors all tasted the same to me. Still good, but a different flavor would make it stand out more. 
Overall, we are fans of TBD! We are looking forward to being able to enjoy our meals at the restaurant (indoors or outdoors) so that we can get the full experience. I also definitely want to try their lunch options + other coffee options to have a more well-rounded taste. Hoping that our next visits bump their rating up from a 3 to 5 once I get a feel for more of that Vietnamese flair!I was surprised at all the good reviews. The service was good. The vietnamese coffee was horrible. It definitely was not vietnamese. The chicken sandwich was so bad we returned it. The other plate we barely touched. Unfortunately, everything was not good.Soooo bomb! 
Came here for a quick brunch and got the Sammy. 
''Twas lit
also got the crispy pork belly bites and moms egg rolls was bombSuper cute spot with lots of good comfort food, sandwiches, and drinks! 
We couldn't help but notice how beautiful the pink and green color palette was from the street, the friendly staff, and outdoor seating. We ordered two bahn mis, the TBD and Op la (served breakfast-style on a baguette with a side of home fries and ketchup). The pork bahn mi was good and came with all the traditional fixings (cilantro, pickled vegetables, patae). The home fries were sprinkled with too much pepper, making them unappetizing. 
The hibiscus lemonade was so pretty (and loaded with sugar). Definitely Insta-worthy. I also ordered a lychee nectar can, which they served with a cup of ice. I'm a sucker for anything lychee. 
The service was okay, but I really liked the atmosphere and all the embellishments, like the succulents on each table. Inside is really cute too. Food is good and would definitely recommend for a quick lunch in the neighborhood. Cheers!This place is very cute and the food was really tasty. Reasonably priced too! 
I had the kale bowl and my husband had the tbd rice bowl. It was just what we wanted. We sat indoors and we felt comfortable with the setup as there was enough space between other tables with good ventilation in the restaueant. I would highly recommend this brunch spot.Their food is unique, healthy, and amazing! I got the Morning TB Sammy with a Sweet Jasmine Iced Coffee and they were both great. The ambience inside is playful and relaxing. They are one of the few coffee/breakfast places open on the inside with spacious seating so you're not too close to anyone. And, they're right on the corner of 15th and South Streets, so they have plenty of windows to make it bright and sunny inside!I ended up at the Breakfast Den after, strangely enough, a suggestion from Tiktok. A friend and i went to check it out, and considering we hadn't heard as much hype about it as some of the other brunch spots around, I'd say we were definitely pleasantly surprised. 
We went at a pretty mainstream brunch time (Saturday morning) and were still sat immediately and had our choice of indoor/outdoor seating which was nice. The staff was really nice and helpful (I literally showed the waitress the food in the tiktok and was like "that please" and she rolled with it lol). It took the food a pretty decent amount of time to actually get to our table, but that's really the only part of the visit that wasn't spectacular. The food was really good and very flavorful. We tried a few things and were satisfied with it all. Make sure you get the potatoes if you end up going. Will definitely be going again!I enjoyed this spot.  A Philly Tiktok'er recommended TBD. Cool atmosphere The customer service is wonderful. enjoyed the Herby Chicken Bahn MI and a nice cup of coffee. I definitely recommend this place. I'm looking forward to trying a breakfast bowl on my next visit!This breakfast was AMAZING! Come hungry, the portions are huge! There was maybe a 20 minute wait, so nothing terrible. The eggs Benedict was seriously delicious (plus homefries)! 
Prices are reasonable especially for the portion size. The vine is cool and they play great music!I'm a flight attendant on a PHL layover and my crew mates text me that they ran across this super cute place and told me to go and I'm glad I did! Super vibe and met the friendly owner Thai. Kaitlyn was my server. I thoroughly enjoyed the egg white omelette with a variety of veggies (3 items included $1 for extras) which I added several my favorite was the butternut squash and I liked the Parmesan cheese choice. Although Kaitlyn and I had a couple minor misunderstandings (the first being her saying there was salsa available) Thai quickly brought me some of their tomato sauce (gently reminded me this wasn't a Mexican restaurant...and me reminding myself I wasn't back home in TX!). The final tiny blip in an otherwise 5* visit was when I asked if a refill "to go" of my tea was possible and Kaitlyn cheerfully said yes! Then promptly added an addition $3.50 to my bill. When I politely asked about this she said she was having hard time hearing, no offer to make it right or refund. Oh well, tiny blemish on an otherwise awesome brunch and the atmosphere and the cheerful owner made up for it! I still tipped well and would go back on my next trip in a heartbeat!