We spent the afternoon hangin at this great place in Philadelphia! First stop was the Florist/ Alexandria part of a family business for 85 years -BONATSOS is a must stop for her beautiful flowers plants and arrangements. The smell itself grabs you ! Lavender plants ! Then walk around and the food is amazingly delicious! We had Freebyrd. And then Abunaui for poke bowl. I was fortunate to have a young lady advice me of what to put in my bowl. Fabulous day of eating and people watching.  Can not wait to go back.Beautiful historic building, with a parking garage next door. A lot of different food options and everyone working at the kiosks were extremely friendly and informative. Only downside was the parking garage was very expensive.I'm obsessed with this place, they did such a great job renovating and selecting vendors that offer a great experience and food.
This is pretty much an upscale Reading Terminal Market. My only comment is that there are not a lot of seating so I can only imagine how busy it gets on a busy lunch hour. Hence why my 4 star review, other than that, I love it!7 pm on a Friday evening. Menagerie coffee is closed. Ridiculous. Night spot? I don't think so.The bourse marketplace is located in the first stock exchange building. It's super clean and theres a variety of different spots to choose from. There's everything from fresh coffee to chicken. And don't forget the cinnamon buns. 
Great spot to visit if your near the liberty bell location.This place is awesome for foodies both locals and visitors. Plenty of food options. From Asian such as Takorean, dumplings, Philipino food; Italian, Egyptian, Mexican, Indian,sandwiches. For your sweet tooth; Scoop Deville for ice cream, Barry the buns for sticky buns and cupcakes, Chocodiem for French macarons and chocolate Olive with a twist for Olive oil. 
You can enter from 4th and 5th Street. The food vendors are on the sides and seating area is in the middle.Food is boring and overpriced. For all this "ethnic food" it's all the same at every stall. Stew or some chicken wrap or rice bowl. Its the safe option for Americans but it's all the same otherwiseThis interesting food market was a bit more appealing from the outside than in! Going to be honest nothing super noteworthy or interesting, would be a good place for lunch after doing historical tours but other than that nothing too wildClean public restrooms in downtown Philly!! This alone will get my 4 stars!!
The Bourse Marketplace is a mini-Reading Terminal next to the Liberty Bell. The market place is filled with eclectic eateries, bakeries, drinks, and shops.  In addition to the standard beverage offerings, there are several Adult beverage places to help take the edge off the crowds outside!
The food offerings reminded me of a delicious food truck rally, but in permanent locations. Food being served ranges from Egyptian to sticky buns and everything in between.  
Including the Bourse Marketplace in your Philadelphia Historic visit will revitalize you for the remainder of your day.Really cool food hall. I have tried a couple of the vendors and really liked them. Fun atmosphere. Gets busy during lunch but is a hidden gem for dinner right now. No wait, tons of seating, and some great food in the heart of Old City! Try it now before this place gets found out!Definitely an improvement over the pre-remodel Bourse and the 3rd rate fast food joints that inhabited it.
I've only tried maybe a third of the venues here and I've yet to have a bad experience food-wise. There's a very diverse selection so there's sure to be something for everyone.
My only compliant would be that some of the vendors are quite expensive! I know $10-11 is normal for lunch in this day and age but I don't think many people relish paying upwards of $15 for a takeout/food court lunch. The food is good but it isn't that good. But hopefully the free market will run it's course....some of these places will need to set more realistic prices or they will fail and be replaced.There are some good and bad places to eat here. I'll admit I had some delicious French fries at one place, but found a dirty ice cream store at another. DO NOT, I repeat; do not go to the Scoop Deville. It's a little dirty. I went to the bubble tea place instead and it was the best decision I've made in awhile. My tip to you is found the good places and forgot the bad onesThere was a nice variety of food/vendors. I liked that there were local and external vendors. I picked up 2 truffles from Chocodiem (excellent customer service with a smile) and had some Hot Nashville chicken and biscuits from Grubhouse (awesome gravy). Both great choices! Bluebird (distillery) is next!I've read so many individual reviews of restaurants from this place but couldn't figure out what the hype was all about! So I decided to experience it first hand. The bourse philly is a fairly new food hall with the most unique choice of restaurants and a cocktail bar as well as a beer place. Oh and the chocolate place (chocodiem) which has a chocolate fountain! 
So off the top of my head they have Ka.moon an Egyptian restaurant (my fav). 
Me & Yu ramen 
Get fried 
A taco place 
A chicken place 
An Indian street food place 
An Italian place 
A bao bun place 
A breakfast place 
A gourmet grocery store 
A cheesesteak place 
A coffee place 
A scoopdevil outlet 
Needless to say the possibilities are endless, we got cocktails at the bar and got BYO fries with poutine curry from get fried and EFC Egyptian fried chicken which was delicious. We also got a cheesesteak to go! 
I can't wait to go back and try the other places!Opening back up in November. Grand opening is Nov 15th and 16th. 
https://www.phillyvoice.com/bourse-marketplace-list-of-vendors-officially-opening/Today was my first visit to the new Bourse Food Court. The hall is now beautiful! Original tile and ironwork has been preserved. The space is light, bright and modern. I got my lunch from Bronze Table by Vera Pasta. The salad was fresh and delightful, the gemelli pasta with mushroom sauce was outstanding. It was easy to find seating in the center of the room. I will be returning to try food from the many different vendors.After a special Yelp event here a few weeks ago, I stopped by to revisit my favorite food offering that night - a grilled cheese sandwich at the MIghty Melt.
But first, the Bourse.  I walked over here from South Street, which is a pleasant 20 minute wander.  For a late lunch, there was plenty of tables, the bathrooms are nice and clean and there were no lines. Can't vouch for prime lunch hours though.
I also thought it would be hard to hear anything, but it wasn't too bad in that big open space.
Glad the Yelp event reminded me that this is a great place for a meal.The Brouse is a great place to go eat. While I tried many restaurants at the Brouse my favorite so far is Baby Buns. They have the best food, very satisfying and good down to the last bite.  I ate there atleast three times and i can honestly say that i haven't been disappointed yet. I can tell that the chef there really takes pride in what he does.  If i could give Baby Buns a ten stars i would. I definitely recommend going there.Went for the first time since the renovations and it was great! Brought some family and friends from out of town so it was perfect for after a day of sight seeing.This is an INCREDIBLE find right in the heart of touristy Old City Philadelphia. It is so much less crowded and hectic than Reading Terminal while still offering that fun food hall atmosphere. 
The building itself is gorgeous and has a feeling of grandeur. 
The space is large and open with a ton of incredibly delicious food AND drink options including cocktails, beer, and coffee/tea. 
It reminds me of the artisan markets in San Diego. Relaxed, laid back and full of great people. 
We spent a few hours here yesterday and will absolutely return. :)If you're looking for an upscale food court... the Bourse is a very good one. There are unique variety of kiosks offering an out of the ordinary selection. 
However after it's recent renovation... I was hoping for a return of the glory days of the Bourse. I will say... what the Bourse is now is better then what it was just recently (cheap tourist shops).
Nonetheless, I remember when the Bourse was a destination for high end shoppers.... with three levels of shops, restaurants, lounges. The Bourse was a place where you could buy, designer clothes and shoes, jewelry. There was a a spa. Many notions shops. 
Right now the second level is filled with offices instead of shops. The lower level is dormant. 
Owners should make the Bourse more then a food court. Convert the lower level and second level to what was once there. If not the Bourse will not succeed. Already I see where merchants have left. 
Bring the Bourse back to what it once was and it will succeed.Really more of a 3.5. The Bourse is a pretty decent food hall housed within an architecturally beautiful building. The options are extensive from Philly cheesesteaks to ramen, from lumpia to gnocchi, from poutine to schwarma...you get the point. There are two bars in the middle of the food hall to get your adult beverages. Some of the vendors also sell beer (among other nonalcoholic drinks). 
I only found my food to be ok though. However, this very well could be due to what I had gotten (poutine from #GetFried and a sandwich from Rustica). The number of choices was a bit overwhelming, and I walked by all of the stands twice before settling on the two shortest lines. I would be interested in checking out the other options next time I'm in the area.I absolutely love Philly and The Bourse was a wonderful surprise to run into. It's a food hall! Former Food Trucks or Local restaurant owners all under one roof! I settled on the Mighty Melt for lunch. It's a fancy grilled cheese shop with gourmet cheese sandwiches. I chose the The Chicken Dance and i would absolutely eat there again. I also had some Kari's Tea. Great pricing with lots of flavor options!
The Bourse has Lots of seating, tons of food choices, great location, mild pricing!!!
Much calmer that Reading Terminal. 
Highly RecommendSo many great food and drink options! The ability to get food at different places and all eat together is ideal. Definitely stop here for happy hour to get discounted drinks at Bluebird and Chocodiem. Great options for everyone!Nice ambiance and good food choices. Doesnt seem to be enough bathroom facilities though.Really cool place! There are food options that are a foodies dream and the architecture is beautiful, the building was formerly Philly's stock exchange. There wasn't a loud echo and I could hear my husband when we talked, which I was surprised being that the ceilings are so high. Probably one of the prettiest food halls I've been to. There are two entrances to the Bourse where there is a guard that sits at a desk that is there mainly because the upstairs of the Bourse has offices and the Mexican Consulate. I entered and exited thru both sides of the Bourse because I ended up visiting and eating there several times during my visit. There was a cute coffee counter Menagerie Coffee at one side of the entrance where I had a coffee and I used oat milk for the first time, they also had 1/2 and 1/2 and milk options, but I had never had oat milk before so why not try it, I was pleasantly surprised how yummy oat milk is! I also compared their $2 chocolate chip cookie with another chocolate chip cookie from another vendor that was $4 on the other side... I think it was Barry's Buns? It was the vendor that had all the sticky buns in the window. Anyways, both cookies were good, but my husband and I thought the $4 cookie was the better chocolate chip cookie, I guess for $4 it better be a good cookie. Such a variety of food options, different and not franchisey. Each of the vendors all had a more sophisticated pallette to offer. LaLo (Phillipino) that first dish on the menu was really really good, highly recommended! We had Rustico's roasted Pork Sandwich which was solid and had some beers from the Taps Fill station. There's also a local distillery in the center! Really cool place. I had a delicious unsweetened Chai Latte from the tea vendor Kari's Tea Bar right next to the coffee vendor at the one end of the food hall. The person working there asked if I wanted my chai latte sweetened or unsweetened, I had never had one unsweetened, so I tried that and I actually prefer it that way. I think this place has a lot to offer and will satisfy what you are looking for if you appreciate artisanal, thoughtful food options. Oh, and on Saturday morning it looks like they have yoga classes in the center which I thought was pretty cool.Nice little food court like place. Has plenty of shops to choose from for all kinds of mood. Prices are average for cebtercity. Either get a quick bite or a meal meal and theres also dessert spots! Also dont let the stairs food ya. Upstairs are all business offices lol so only first floor is for publicSurprisingly, I never really knew about The Bourse, but it's quite amazing. They offer a variety of places to eat, as well as seating. This would be a cool place to come and study, or just hangout. They even have cute dessert/treat places that look amazing. Definitely recommend checking out if you're touristing around the area!The Bourse Marketplace is a newly renovated food hall with tons of great options. This is a great place to come for lunch, big groups, or for a quick cup of coffee or tea. There is a a variety of options to pick for, especially for vegetarians.We went to Rustica and another restaurant I can't remember the name of at this moment, but both were delicious.  The two great things about the Bourse day s the close proximity to the liberty bell and independence hall and the immense variety of different cuisines.  If I'm in Philadelphia again, I'll definitely come back.Nice, clean food hall. Lots of variety- pizza, poke, tacos, dessert, plenty of places to grab a cocktail. They have gluten free options for pizza. Lots of seating options. Clean restrooms. Not too crowded on a Friday afternoon around 5.What a cool building! Awesome food and drink choices. Nice little shops. This is a great spot to explore for both tourist and locals!I really like the food hall atmosphere - spacious with plenty of seating and plenty of different food options for anyone's taste. I especially liked Rebel Taco and Lalo (Filipino food). Great place to stop in for a quick bite and try something new!Great spot to stop and eat when visiting the sites of Philadelphia. So many different options. The dumpling place and dry place were great. So was the tea shop. Other options include ice cream, pizza, tacos, fried chicken...Nice mini Reading Terminal-style indoor vendor location with lots of choices. First we started at the Bluebird Distilling Company. I had the Bluebird cocktail which was delicious. Locally distilled and crafted is what it's all about. Next we had pepperoni pizza at a Bricco. Pretty tasty but then again what pizza isn't after afternoon drinks. I'd say it was about average. Next we hit up Pinch Dumplings and had the sampler, fried. The dumplings were tasty but not very hot off the pan. For dessert a sampling of macaroons from Chocodiem. Lots of choices and their other offerings looked pretty good.  I think what's hurting the Bourse is that people either don't know about it or that the people who do are part of the lunch crowd which may not be enough to keep it going. Hopefully the buzz will get around. FYI Some of the vendors close as early as 7pm on a Saturday.This new-ish food hall in Olde City is a fun place to grab a bite and walk around. I think there is enough variety here that a group of people coming to eat here would find something that they like, however, it's not as dense as the Reading terminal in terms of yummy smells and options.
I think there is a lot of room for growth in terms of the space and vendor types. That said, I think it caters more toward a work crowd and tourist crowd as opposed to a foodie crowd.What a depressing let-down!  I moved away from the area of the Bourse in early 2018, just as the reconfigured food hall was reopening.  The previous food court had been ok, in my view, with a decent burger stand among other things, but it admittedly had gotten a little long in the tooth.
I was back once before today, about 6 months ago, and was saddened to see, at mid-day, not very many vendors open - most stalls had obviously not been occupied at all yet.  So today, July 3, there was a big Philly Pops concert right outside on the lawn in front of Independence Hall, as there is every July 3, and when it ended at about 8:30, I went in to the bourse to 1) see how it had progressed, and; 2) get some food!  The posted closing time was 10 pm.
  The place was deserted.  There were maybe 4 vendors open. There were maybe 10 customers sitting at tables.  The place had all the vibe of a wilted lettuce.  Buzz?   ZERO.  What a depressing, sad space it has become.  Apparently they don't require vendors to adhere to the open and closing times, which if true, shows how horribly the place is managed.  So sad.  The old food hall was MUCH betterThe Bourse is coming up! I've popped in here a couple times, mostly for the free A/C in the summer while walking around the Independence Hall area. I like the Taps area and I think the bartender guy there was nice when we stopped in. There seems to be an overabundance of chicken eateries and drinks in here but the rest could use some more variety. I'm interested to see what places pop up and if they open up the second story to shops or artists/vendors. So far, it's worth checking out but the entire Bourse itself is not at the top of my list for places to hang out in Philly.this place looks nothing like the last time i was here! its been forever. i really love the new renos! so many places look good! so far i only had ice cream but i def. wanna come back and try more food :) they have a cute corner shopping area that serves local artists which is nice. i also got cinnamon buns from barrys buns. they were very good!Great place to go for a variety of foods. I went for breakfast and tried Grubhouse  food was okay. Also bought from the chicken soup stop that was very goodDon't miss this amazing place for food and architecture.  Unfortunately it didn't appear on my original restaurant searches so we didn't have lunch here.  However, this was a great afternoon snack stop with excellent coffee by Menagerie (also try their chocolate chip cookies) and a Korean taco.Stumbled upon this food hall walking around Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell just right around the corner. You can't miss it -- it's a stunning dark red, maroon colored building with a bright red XOXO sign or sculpture at the front entrance.
Everything inside is immaculately designed with some IG worthy architecture. There is a wide variety original and ethnic food options that aren't your typical burgers and fries. Plenty of seating too. Worth checking out to grab a bite or rest if you're walking around the area.Love Bourse food hall. It's a great place to come to with friends to grab a drink/quick bite to eat or to spend a few hours and try different things. They have various types of vendors in the marketplace; a few I've tried are: ka'moon (flavorful shawarma), rebel taco and takorean 
(different types of tacos at both - all that I tried were great), and #getfryed fry cafe (my favorite because they have poutine). I also always visit TAPS to try a new cider or beer because of their wide selection. If you're visiting Philly, this is definitely a convenient place to go because it has a lot to offer and is in a prime location next to independence hall!Really neat spot for foodies or people needing something to eat. They literally have everything imaginable in this place. I took a couple people here and we split up and then combined our food harvest. This is the best way to try many places all at once and it was a fun and good experience.I have been to events here twice and I am a fan of the redesign. I think they have opened up the space a lot and really shown off the beautiful architecture of the building. I think the mix of the different food offerings will make this a steady spot at lunch time for locals and tourists.Tons of great options here and great place to bring friends from near and far. 
Thoroughly enjoyed:
- Poutine from #GetFried Fry Cafe
- tacos from Rebel Taco
- cold brew from Menagerie coffee
- tacos from Takorean
Honorable mentions: chai, poké, various desertsA very clean and accessible step child to Reading Terminal Market. There is place for you to enjoy what you get. Plenty of neat options, but oddly a lot of unfilled booths. Pricey, but awesome.You won't find more of a variety in one place. Every nationality and type of cuisine is represented here from snacks to breakfast all the way through to dessert and cocktails.Friendly service and great personalities.and atmosphere.
Marino Bros. chicken cheesesteak could be the best in the city.A lot of great choices here.  Should definitely stop here if you are in the area.  They have ice cream, coffee, bakery, poke, tacos, bars, pizza, and a florist.The Bourse has long been an iconic building in Philadelphia.  The news of putting an upscale food market on its spacious ground floor sounded like a worthy idea. But unbelievably, I think what they have done architecturally and design-wise is regrettable.  You used to walk into the Bourse and say a kind of wow - "What a cool space!"  Now it's all partitioned up, painted a numbing white, and there's almost no place to see or feel the effect of this grand space.  They have upgraded the food offerings but I'm not sure how durable this new concept will be over the years.  It's not feeling like the Chelsea Market in New York which combines architecture and high quality food, tourists and locals.  My guess is that the Bourse Marketplace will be busy at the lunch hour (when it could be hard to find an empty table as seating isn't as plentiful  as I expected) and not very busy for the rest of the day.  I'm looking forward to trying out one or two of their food stands (and I will review them separately from this review) but I can't hide my disappointment that the iconic space has been obliterated.  Heck, there isn't a place to take a decent photo for Yelp unless they would have allowed me to take one from on high.NICE JOB!
I was recently back in Philly for a quick visit and had heard the Bourse was redone.
The marketplace is light and bright, with plenty of seating and what appears to be a nice mix of restaurants. {not a lot was open at 8 AM}.
They have some fun Philly graphics, including names of iconic Philadelphians in history,​ that is a nice touch.
The bathrooms are well done and amazingly clean and in good shape {too many times downtown restrooms are filthy}.
I was passing through to see what they had done, while sightseeing in the neighborhood, and grabbed a Season Sticky Bun {pumpkin} from Barry's Buns - AH-MAZING!!!!
That's the quality of local Philly business you need to ake the Bourse a success.5 stars for the unique food and drink options. From friend chicken to made for your fresh pasta. You can order specialty cocktails, local drafts or artsy coffee. Great vibe. The white barbeque sauce on freebyrds chicken sandwich alone is worth visiting for!What a sad place. I went last Friday night 07/13 at 7:30 pm, the closing time says 10 pm but barely any vendor was opened, maybe 3 or 4. You would think that at least on Friday night more options would be open but no. This place is clearly a tourist trap and not for locals who want to enjoy good food.You're rarely going to find me giving a food hall anything less than five stars. I seek them out wherever we go and now have a healthy list of food halls we've visited in a dozen+ countries. I enjoy food halls so much I attended the 2017 Project for Public Spaces Food Hall Conference in NYC. Yes, I'm obsessed. Alas, here we go again. I had bookmarked The Bourse Marketplace on Yelp after reading about it in Food & Wine or a travel magazine a few months back and couldn't wait to mosey my way through the stalls and taste all they had to offer.
The Bourse Marketplace is located only a few blocks from the heart of Old City Philly's historic attractions as well a 15 minute walk from Reading Terminal Market if you enjoy a good half day of food hall-ing it up. The exterior and interior of the historic building will leave you taking photos and smiling from its beauty.
Inside you'll find around 20 booths offering everything from fast-casual Korean and Indian to a chicken soup shop, tea and coffee bar and chocolatier. The beauty of food halls is you can take a group, divide and conquer and not have to worry too much about pleasing even the pickiest palate. I ended up having a delicious Thai Coconut Chicken Dumping soup from Prescription Chicken and my mom ordered the chaat from the Indian booth called Chaat and Chai. 
Overall, a very fun and tasty stop between historical attractions and museums.Lunchtime at 5th and Market is pretty hectic so The Bourse is always a good option considering the variety available and  seating is plentiful. Some of my personal favorites here are Rebel Taco, Takorean and Freebyrd but you can find almost every kind of food here from dumplings to rotisserie chicken. There is also not one but two bars in there and an excape room. The only sort of downside, The Bourse is obviously very tourist heavy and filled with kids on class trips. The seating in the middle is made up of long communal tables and I wound up sharing my lunch with some youngsters from Ohio. I didn't mind talking to them at all but if this sort of thing bothers you find a seat at the bar or wait until nightfall when the crowd is strictly grown folks.I can't believe this is my first time stopping in at The Bourse! Being new to Philly, I first heard about this place through a past Yelp Event I attended in which a few vendors from here were serving up their food... so I'm not sure why it's taken me so long to come! I came on New Years Day so not all the vendors were there, whomp whomp! Buttt from what I saw, this is a nice place to stop in if you're in the area doing the historical tours and you're hungry! Lots of options to choose from.. from Asian cuisines to American food like grilled cheeses or fried chicken sandwiches. Lots of choices for people like me who just have so much trouble choosing what they want.
Ambience
It's like a fancy food hall.. with fanciness of course expect a little higher prices! This is not your high school cafeteria food... it's a bit more elevated. I'm sure because it attracts tourists, but it's a nice place to sit and enjoy. Of course when I came it was not busy at all, but I can see it being busy during peak hours and maybe having some trouble finding a seat to enjoy your food
Food
Lots of food options!! Walk around and see what your stomach desires! Tacos... Grilled Cheeses... Fried Chicken sandwiches.. Dumplings.. a Distillery in the middle of the food court.. Ice Cream.. coffee.. you name it!
I'll definitely have to come back when it's fully open and experience the craziness at its peak. But I liked what I saw when I first came in. Definitely a place to stop in if you're in the area!The Bourse Marketplace is a great addition to the area! The venue is absolutely gorgeous - very spacious and bright, with beautiful ornate details. There is a good amount of seating, set in the middle between all of teh vendors. For the space, they definitely pack in a good amount of vendors, with a huge variety. They have everything ranging from America's favorite: grilled cheese, Indian, pizza, korean taco bowls, desserts, and more. There's even a tiny bar with a few games to play. The seating area has two huge TVs, which were airing sports + the news when I was there. 
With so many vendors, there's definitely something for everyone. Perfect way to spend your day gorging on delicious foods!It is a cute place I got nice latte with a little heart drawn in it, the space looks pretty good and there are a few good places to choose from it wasn't very crowded however.Such a cool space! There's a ton of different options to try when you're here and there's plenty of space to eat. The overall location is gorgeous and really provides a cool atmosphere vs a traditional restaurantI've been to my fair share of food halls, but the Bourse is by far my favorite one. I love how they turned a historic building into a foodie haven. It is conveniently located right across the street from the Liberty Bell. 
There is wide variety of food options inside the Bourse and there are many different types of cuisine. I promise there is something for everyone! I recommend taking a lap around the entire place to see all of your options before choosing what to eat. I chose to eat at Freebyrd and was not disappointed. I visited on a Sunday evening and while there were a lot of people there, it was by no means packed, but I imagine it can get a lot busier. I would definitely recommend checking this place out. I can't wait to go back and try out different places!I went to the bourse last week since they renovated. The building preserves the historical beautiful architecture with a touch of modern updates that pairs perfectly with the businesses located on the ground floor. I came here to check out the taps fill station and get a bite to eat with a date. The bartenders at taps fill station are bubbly and happy to provide recommendations. I had asked why they don't post their updated draft beer selections and was told that they are daily updating what they have on draft. As a craft beer enthusiast I appreciated the honesty and completely understand why they don't post their daily draft menu. They have different glass size options available so you can pick and choose the beers you would like to have at one time. Their glasses are really cute. You can take your beer from the taps fill station and walk around the marketplace and eat from wherever you would like in the hall. There are so many dining options to choose from and some that are going to be opening very soon. Everything smelled and looked delicious from all angles. The bourse has great hours of operation, weekly events to check out. I cannot wait to come back already!!! Please visit the Bourse and give some love to the local businesses inside!! They are wonderful hardworking people that put their passion into their food and service. This makes you want to come back with a smile and help the local economy.This is a cool spot with lots of different options for food. It served our needs perfectly recently, when my wife wanted one thing and I wanted another. In a way, somewhat similar to Reading Terminal Market, but smaller and not nearly as crowded - we're actually able to sit.
It was pretty crowded one time when they did an event with free food, but on our last visit it wasn't too bad at all. We were able to find seating without too much trouble, and we each got to eat some good stuff.
We did get to try a bunch of the vendors during the event, but will probably work our way around on future visits! There's an escape room too!nice spot ,renovation completed .
a bit pricey ,2 tacos and a pineapple soda from rebel taco I think it was cost 15 bucks .
clean food court after the crowd leaves ,after 4 p.m.
limited food stands open after 5 p.m.Cute, modern food hall with lots of food options! A little pricey and touristy, but there were some standouts like Lalo and the fry cafe. A great spot for groups and visitors in particular.If you haven't been to the Bourse in years, it's time to visit again.
It's changed from dumpy food court, to a quick-serve delectable experience. Reading Terminal is still top dog in Philly, but the Bourse has promise.
You can still get pizza, sandwiches and cheesesteaks, but you can also get Egyptian cuisine and other more eclectic items.
There are also adult beverage options with many restaurants selling beers, and designated bars. Taps is top quality. They get a distribution that most Philly bars wish they got.
Of course the architecture is stellar. As you nosh, make sure to look around. 
Located in the heart of Old City, this is a no brainer location for anyone visiting the historic sites, or looking for a solid quick bite.There's literally 3 places MAYBE open. Chicken sandwiches, ice cream, and cheesesteaks during the day. Was told covid put the rest under. Should probably update the websiteA cool place to choose your food item from different restaurants. It's an air conditioned mainly foodcourt type of a place to cool off during summer month during my visit in Philadelphia. I went to Kari's tea bar for some tea at Bourse marketplace. You can pick a place to sit and eat wherever u desire. It's fun to check out.Abundant with its variety of food choices and much, much cleaner than reading terminal. 
Great tourist spot in olde city, next to the independence hall 5th street subway stop. You can find a bunch of stands ranging from korean, cafes, bars, pizza, tacos, desserts, chicken, soup, etc- some being popular restaurants from center city. 
There's also small philly related gifts you can purchase there too (t shirts, cards) and the inside is decorated very nicely for the season, as well as philly themed quotes filling the white walls. 
Nice food hall to check out!!So far, I've tried Marino's cheesesteaks, Rustica, and LaLo Filipino cuisine. The food was pretty decent. However, none of these places are going to last with the small portions and high prices. Why wouldn't I go to Sonny's for a cheesesteak and the Reading Terminal or Chinatown for everything else? 
Marino's is charging $9.25 for a cheesesteak, $4.00 for fries, and $2.95 for a bottle of water. I can get all of that at Sonny's without paying $20.00 bucks. 
Half a very small chicken and two sides at Rustica is $22.00 bucks!!!! Rotisserie chickens are $4.00 dollars at any supermarket!!!
LaLo was $14.00 bucks for 3 mini egg rolls, 2 tiny chicken skewers and a cup of rice. Have they seen what you can get for $8.00 in Chinatown, which is 2 blocks away?
Overpriced and small portions are a no go for me. Maybe they can succeed tricking tourists, but I've left starving every time.This place is great for food and drinks. They have a large selection of both and during the holidays, it is nicely decorated for Christmas with lots of lights and trees everywhere. There are a ton of different things to pick from, so you won't be disappointed.
I went to Karl's Tea Bar and got the jasmine lavender shaken iced tea, which was really good but also pricey ($4.50). I also wish the place had more seating - they have a seating area in the middle but definitely need more tables/chairs since a ton of people come through and get quick-serve food.Didn't get any food but walked around at around 7 at night and it was so nice inside! Such a great selection of food and the ambiance is beautiful. I wish there were more stores open but again..not sure of their hours. Would love to come back here and try some of the food options!Bottom Line: A food hall in a historic building. 
I was curious about The Bourse because of the historical architecture of the building but it was a sign that said "eat drink shop" that drew me in.   While there is plenty of eating and drinking to be done at the Bourse Marketplace there is very little, if any, shopping and that is what I was really hoping to find.  
The Bourse Marketplace is a fancy food court aka food hall.  There were plenty of scrumptious looking eateries but I didn't partake having just had lunch. But, I will definitely plan to visit for some chow the next time I am in the Olde City.  I'm still thinking about the Freebyrd fried chicken, Mighty Melt's grilled cheese and ice cream at Scoop Deville.  It all looked so good!  The food hall is located on the main floor of The Bourse in an atrium of sorts.   Soaring above are offices that are in the process of being renovated. 
The Bourse is named for the German word Borse which I believe means stock market, or similar.  The Bourse was built in the 1890s and was the country's first commodity market.  On the exterior, most of the original 100+ year old architecture seems to be in tact.  However, the main doors for entry are straight out of a 1980s mall.Love the idea but I think it fell prey to covid. Walked there only to find 3 booths open in total. Maybe it would pick up later in the day but many of the vendor areas were completely empty, like no stock or decor, indicating vacancies.  Hopefully it comes back soon.I am a big fan of The Bourse. So much so that as a new resident of Philly that is starting to look at neighborhoods to buy in, I would love to be within walking distance of it. Thankfully, due to the location, that should be pretty easy. 
My fave is Freebyrd Chicken. The people are so nice, the chicken is quite delicious, and the mule on tap is pretty yummy. Chocodiem has wonderful chocolates. The Fry Cafe delivers on a variety of crisp tasty taters. We tried a number of different things and there truly seems to be something for everyone. 
Hopefully the place will continue to grow and flourish. I know we will continue to come back!Ate lunch today at the rustic got chicken it was wonderful and veggies they were great string beans actually in some rice great quick lunch for 10 bucks where can you get that we then followed it up at the scoop Deville with some ice cream coffee ice cream with ground up coffee beans and a great lunch highly recommendedWonderful place for lunch and dinner! Great environment. And good vibes. This place reminds me of a smaller version of Chelsea Market in newyork except it's less bougie. Though overall there's a great selection of food and the drinks at the bar are very creative tastey. It was crowded at lunch, but it only took me a few minutes before I was able to find a table for my party.For the skimmers like me-  overpriced tourist trap.
For the readers-  I am not sure how this place is averaging a 4.5 over so many reviews.   Is it wide eyed tourists giving it 5 stars?  Is Bourse getting extra credit for being attached to historic sites?  I don't know.   But this place is definitely not for locals IMHO.   Going to the Bourse for lunch would be kind of like going to the airport or the Linc just for lunch.
The food is decent, and that's a compliment.  But like the aforementioned airport and Linc, its way overpriced.  Expect to pay a minimum of $10 for a small portion, and that doesn't include sides or a drink.  Expect to get up from your meal still hungry.  I don't mind spending money on good food.  But I don't like paying high prices on small portions and fast food quality.
The Bourse tries hard to be trendy.  There's a lot of buzz words present like "gluten free" and "gourmet" but get ready for the same quality meal you would get at a mall food court.  The food court includes places like Rustica (dressed up Boston Market) and Freebyrd (dressed up Chic-Fil-A).   
There are some good things worth mentioning.  Bourse is newly renovated and well kept as of 2019.  Every time I've gone in its been noticeably clean- especially for the city.   They do have a wide variety of food-  burgers, Asian, Middle Eastern, Hispanic etc.   There's plenty of seating in an open air environment, so its not a bad choice for meetings or group activities.
Bourse sports a wide selection of alcohol.  I haven't been able to partake as I am always there on lunch breaks, but from casual glance it looks the alcohol is actually reasonable priced (unlike the $10 chicken sandwiches and $5 mini pizza slices).
In summary, Bourse is not a bad place for tour groups who can't venture far from the landmarks.  But for locals, there's so many better tasting lunches at markedly better prices within 3 blocks.  Spend $8 for a complete lunch special somewhere else, or spend $10 for skimpy sandwich here.I love this place but can they bring back the chocolate place and Indian place again. I wish 3rd and ferry had made it here.  But overall beautiful and wonderful place.The Bourse is great! What was once the stock exchange had turned into a food court and souvenir stop for tourists. It  is no longer a spot for tourists and only tourists. Plenty of locals stop in to get a great meal. You have a ton of options, from tacos to fried chicken to sandwiches and coffee/tea. Bluebird Distilling also has a central bar area. I love that there is a stall for Art Star (nice gift ideas) as well. I never make it to the Art Star shop in Northern Liberties, but I pass the Bourse nearly daily. 
The space is clean and has plenty of tables, but seating can get packed during the busy season (May-September). Prices are a bit steep, but it makes sense considering rents for the vendors. If you see a vendor doing slow business, they may not stay in the Bourse for long. Plenty of spots have opened only to close fairly quickly.  Moral of the story: if you like a place in the Bourse, give it your business and spread the word! In that vein, my favs are TaKorean, Freebyrd, Menagerie, and Barry's Buns.The place has been renovated beautifully. When I went, there were still a couple food shops that were not ready for service, which was a little disappointing, but the atmosphere is nice enough that it's fun enough just to walk in there for 15 minutes then leave. I love the diverse food options that they have available, but I have yet to hear that any of them are as amazingly delicious as the food options in Reading Terminal Market.