A solid buffalo Chicken burrito (which you don't see everywhere).  I also enjoyed the avocado fries (4/5). Although, I think there should be more avocado fries!! I too went on the first day and they got slammed- it was apparent.They did not have a credit card machine set up but Joe, the owner, was nice enough to comp the meal ! I live in Pennsport and this is a friendly addition to the neighborhood with good food .
Recently tried the pulled pork burrito and the bugs bunny burrito . BOTH PRETTY PHENOMENAL!The worst food I've ordered in years. My boyfriend and I took a few bites and threw out our $45 order. Cold, unmelted cheese on the nachos, burritos missing main ingredients, queso that tasted like liquid American cheese. Save yourself from the regret we're feeling and order anywhere else.For the vegans/vegetarians in the crowd: 
I initially came here for the avocado fries...and they were just meh (not overly flavorful, with an interesting texture -  super crunchy yet soft ), but  the vegan/vegetarian options they have are FIRE!!! I'm glad I don't live anywhere near this place because I would literally be here every day, twice a day. It is RARE to find a place in the city that is not a vegan/vegetarian restaurant, but has more than 1 v/v menu option, let alone multiple options that don't suck (taste-wise). My favorites so far -  Vegan al Pastor Tacos (which I pretty much inhaled, they were just so flavorful, with just the right amount of spiciness), and Bugs Bunny Burrito (I only every ordered this as take out, but it's a very generously portioned open face burrito, filled to the brim with meatless goodness).  Everytime I'm near the vicinity of south philly, in the back of my mind I curtail my activities to stop by before heading back home. Any vegan/vegetarian items you choose will be flavorful and filling.Orderered from here tonight with the fam.  Total came to about $70+tip for 2 ghost mango burritos, a chipotle BBQ burrito, a chroizo birthday suit burrito with salsa-guac-crema (my dish), buffalo chicken quesadillas, cheese nachos, avocado fries, Mexican rice, and a 2 liter. 
I personally liked (note: not loved) my dish and the fries which I sampled, but, the majority of the food was cold, bland, or not as expected. I was especially disappointed when I took a bite of one the ghost pepper guys. Barely any spice to be found. 
I would of given it 3 stars, but, then there was an issue with the delivery guy before the food even got in the door. The Grubhub delivery was on time and what-not, but, this guy seriously try to lie to my mom and say he didn't have enough change for a hundred (you're delivering a large order...). That he only had $14 or whatever, he'd come back later, etc. When she wasn't having it he finally begrudgingly gave her the $25 she originally asked for back with a-whole-nother wad of money. He really tried to con us for a bigger tip. 
I may dine-in in the future as I don't live in the area anymore personally as I was just visiting, but,  I don't see it being a must.Was super excited to have a new spot with vegan options right in the neighborhood but was very disappointed with this place.  Small portions, the buffalo seitan burrito had four pieces of seitan.  We politely asked for our money back and gave the food back and it was a huge issue.  For $9.00 a burrito the portions are insanely small, service was poor and the avocado fries were greasy and hard to eat. Service needs to be fixed and portions need to be adjusted to this price because this experience was totally horrible.Love the homemade chips and guac! Just wish they gave you more guac for the price. I always go with the pork burrito it's really good the pork is like shredded. I do wanna try there tacos. Its one of my favorite Mexican place to get delivered cause it's like Americanized Mexican. I hate those weird Mexican cheeses that some places have. Also the delivery is always quick.I am finally writing my review. I was so excited to try the avocado fries and the WILD burritos.
So I got home and opened the bag and............. no avocado fries :-(
My bacon cheeseburger burrito was a soggy cold mess and my very picky cohort said the chicken burrito was nothing to phone home about. I had a taste and the cilantro lime rice was a clumped up mess.
I really wanted to love this place because you can BYOT....but no
I was hoping that they were new and I just needed to let them get their groove but I was told when I picked up they had been open a while.This place is still fresh so it needs time to improve. The burritos are huge and the fresh salsa and guacamole are good. I'm not a guacamole fan and I really enjoyed theirs. I will definitely be back for more.I thought the food was delicious! I ordered in for delivery, and it was very quick, and still very warm. The queso and chicken quesadilla were delicious!! Would order again in a heartbeatI've made 3 visits to The Wild Burrito (2 dine-in, 1 take out), and all three were 5 star experiences. The staff were very friendly and service was always in a timely manner. More importantly, all 3 meals were top notch in regards to taste, ingredients, and portion size.
This neighborhood has been in desperate need for a place like this for quite some time - I hope the community will support it!It is a new place so it gets a little bit of a pass. After I remortgaged my home to afford the menu, I ordered 2 burritos, nachos, and a quesadilla. Both burritos while marked correctly on the outside wrapping were wrong via the menu. It cost too much to be messing up to go orders. By the time I got home, settled, and what not it just was not worth it to go all the way back to the restaurant or bother calling them. They were surely over matched by this order. I may or may not try again depending how hung over I am. Try at your own risk. Tap mac first.Just ordered takeout from here.  I have a 12 day old and my husband and i are sleep deprived and needed a good, easy, solid meal.  He got a beef burrito, i ordered fish tacos and we opted to split cauliflower wings.  I went to pick up my food... smooth sailing, and when i got home, the fish tacos weren't in there.  I called and was told that they ran out of fish.  No call, no mention when I pick up my food... so no dinner for me!  Had some good meals here in the past.  Won't ever cross the threshold again...Last update as I have now been about 10 times. I wasn't sure these guys were going to make it after the first couple of weeks, but they exceeded my expectations. Been using their app to order food and they're at Chipotle speeds on getting my order. 15 minute tops to make two burritos. Their brunch was also really good. Hope they stick around for a while.Not sure what the hype is all about but not impressed.  Their Mexican rice looks like someone took food coloring and hit and missed areas of the white rice.  There's no flavor.  Pork is bland too. The only thing that was seasoned was the beans.  No burrito should taste like they're putting out.  Even the salsa tasted like maybe pace with hint of ketchup. Disappointed.Edit: the manager reached out regarding a poor experience I had due to incredibly spicy ghost peppers and has been kind enough to compensate for it. The portion sizes here were good and the ingredients were as well, but it does seem the ghost mango burrito can have a lot of variance in spice so watch out!I wish I could give this place more stars, because their food is good and it's one of the only local places with so many vegan options. But I don't know if I'll be ordering again. 
About three weeks ago we ordered and didn't receive our food for over two hours. Our delivery time was changed once...and it still didn't arrive in that time frame. We called multiple times and were told they were short staffed that night and they promised the food would be hot. We received cold food 2 hours and 20 minutes later, without even an apology from the delivery person. 
Today we gave them another shot, and received one wrong order, and marinara sauce instead of salsa. Every time we go to call and let them know of the issues, they're closed for the night.
Try them out, but don't expect consistency or stellar service.I've been to The Wild Burrito several times as it's right around the corner from my house and when they moved into the neighborhood I was so excited! Every time I've been there, the food has been fine and the service has been fine. But tonight, my boyfriend and I went and we got two orders of tacos, carnitas and al pastor. Well they managed to mess up the order even though my boyfriend questioned them on it. After paying we went home to find the food was made incorrectly AND my boyfriend discovered that the guy that rang him up, added a 3 dollar tip to himself. They basically stole money from him for an order they made wrong. We will NEVER be stopping here again.We just ordered from here and not one thing was good. We got the grande nachos which were so over cooked you couldn't even break the nachos off because of how hard the cheese was. Everything was dry and needed either sour cream added to it or taco sauce which we luckily on hand. I could not even finish my burrito because the BBO pork was so dry to the point of being inedible. I will never order from here again.We've been a few times now and had great experiences. The owner has always been on site, and when things did get a little messed up with our orders (when they first opwned), the owner not only fixed it, but made the experience even better. The vegan options available are a huge plus for my husband, and the fish tacos are on point. So glad to have them in the neighborhood!I had been looking forward to ordering from this place because of the vegan options on their menu. I ordered the vegan burrito al pastor and it left much to be desired. My hopes were high for a $10 burrito. Something in the burrito tasted sour or rancid. I tried a few bites, but each time the taste was very off-putting. I'm not sure if was the sauce or the fake meat, but this burrito made me gag. The avocado fries were ok but the portion was very small for what they charge. My husband had the vegan buffalo burrito and thought the seitan was very soggy and tasted bland. There were no fresh ingredients in the burrito. We will not be ordering from here again, this was the grossest dinner I have eaten in quite some time. There are many other options for vegan delivery in Philadelphia that are so much better!I was hesitant to try the food here again after an underwhelming experience at their other location in Wildwood Crest, but please don't make the mistake of waiting as long as I did. The food here is amazing, and well worth the trek to Moyamensing & Snyder. This is not fancy tex-mex/Mexican like you'll find in center city, but I think it's better off for it. 
This place is even better if you're vegan. Get vegan nachos, get avocado fries, bring your favorite beer or tequila (they have a blender and glasses in the front), and make a trip out of it! I didn't ask if they provide ice and/or mixers, salt, or limes for the tequila, but they conveniently have a phone number for me to pester them another time.
If you absolutely insist on ordering delivery, use their app instead of grubhub. You'll save money.
One final note: the staff is very friendly and helpful. I rarely feel compelled to review anywhere, but I needed to set the record straight. Eat here now. Or during their open hours.I ordered the chicken burrito with cilantro lime rice and spicy salsa. I couldn't get over how tasty the rice was!
I just wished they could speed up their delivery service. Ordered burrito and chips with guacamole and it took full hour.
Overall food was delish!!!Amazing restaurant if you are vegan and want all the additions to your Mexican food, and the prices are great for all the food you get!Excellent service with great gluten free and vegan options.
The sodas are also good, and their chips are delicious. 
I like their rice as well and their variety of salsas. Nice to have a new place in pennsport.Gave this restaurant another try after a bad experience with the service and I'm glad I did. The food is great and management was willing to assist me with my concerns. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for any of their vegetarian items.Second time ordering delivery.  Told me it'd be 45 minutes.  Hour and 15 minutes went by, I called and they said it was on the way.  Another half an hour and still no food. 
Called again and she said the driver forgot his phone and had to go back.
 I will never order from here again.This place used to be GREAT before the new year, now it's just gone downhill. The vegan cheese on the nachos is now runny instead of thick and creamy, with barely any cheese on the chips at all. It's like water cheese that made the chips soggy before I even got to eat them. The vegan burritos are also now quite bland and our last one had only 4 pieces of seitan. These options are not cheap and I feel as though it's no longer is it a fair price for what you get. PLEASE go back to your old vegan cheese recipe for the nachos!! (It was yellow, thick, hearty and delicious!) I would love to be a regular again, but with the food as it is now I'll be going elsewhere.Not good. I had high expectations based on the neighbors' recommendations. Plenty of food, just not good food.I have enjoyed The Wild Burrito at their shore location and decided to give their city location a try. If I could give them zero stars I would for their poor customer service. When I called, no one answered, so I placed an order online on a Friday night. An hour and a half later, I had no food. I called and after waiting some time, was told that someone else placed an order with my same first name. Not sure what that had to do with me not getting my order. 
I had a confirmation email that listed my time of order and what I had requested. After reading that to the person on the phone, she informed me that my order hadn't been started yet. She told me that if I wanted my order, it would take another hour. It was already 8:00 pm. I had placed my order at 6:25 pm. She was not apologetic, nor did she offer any compensation for them basically forgetting my order. In fact, she was laughing, telling me they got "slammed."  I'm not sure who taught her customer service skills, but they were appalling.  Don't order from this place!This is disappointing, considering how excited I was for the addition of the Wild Burrito to the neighborhood, but it really deserves 0 stars, for their outright rudeness to the customers that they kept waiting for hours tonight. Also, the sheer disorganization and lack of training was mind boggling: misplaced orders, computer glitches, a general dazed and confused look on the faces of the counter staff. These kids were laughing about people waiting for food to be delivered for 2 hours, like it was a big joke. That was when I started to get angry. Seriously, this neighborhood deserves so much more than that... 
I agree with Jordan's review earlier tonight (and Jordan, we were the people in line while you were waiting and things actually got WORSE after you left - the nice person who was doing all of the work left the two untrained people to fumble through the rest of the night on their own).
Tonight, the patrons were actually warning those arriving after them to turn around - at one point new folks would show up, and the people who kept being told that it would be "about 15 minutes" 4 times (yes, that adds up to an hour) said to the newbies "Seriously, don't." You have to respect these folks for looking out for their fellow Pennsporters. 
Also, "Matt" (guy who lives in the neighborhood) - the folks at the Wild Burrito are probably still trying to figure out where you went, even though I clearly remember you giving them your number and asking them to call you when your order came up because you just couldn't take ineptitude any longer. Sorry buddy, they lost your number. They even tried to convince me that your burritos were mine.
As for me, I gave up. Looks like its leftovers for dinner tonight. Thanks for the refund, Wild Burrito.Great little spot that I will definitely be back to!  Recently had dinner here for a quick bit to eat.  The ghost burrito is something that (at least for my weak mouth) you may need a large glass of milk to go with it - deliciously spicy!  Their salads are great, they use good quality ingredients, chicken is cooked well.  The staff was beyond friendly, helpful, and accommodating to food allergies and restrictions.  It is also a BYO if you dine in - so grab a few beers if you are in the mood!Their vegetarian and vegan food gave me food poisoning. Been sick to my stomach in a great deal of pain since I had a meal from them yesterday, it was the only food I ate, and since today and late night yesterday I have been sick to my stomach. I was really hoping that this was a good veg spot, but far from it. Oh and their fake chicken is truly repulsive.3rd time was the charm! I ordered on the app again and immediately my order said it was ready, so I was like "oh geez, here we go again, I'm never going to get the notification that it is ready because the person probably hit the button prematurely". So I called and the person on the other end basically knew exactly why I was calling, she apologized and said it would be ready in 15 min! I was thinking, wow that is actually fast. Sure enough I walked over and my food was good to go. The front area had two really nice women working and they had all the stuff laid out in what looked to be an easier to manage system, ala chipotle. The portions are HUGE now, got a birthday suit burrito and it was probably 2 lbs of food. I think they might be able to turn this around!
----Below is the first two visits-----
Figured a couple weeks would turn things around at the Wild Burrito, but alas things have gotten worse. I placed another online order tonight and immediately got the confirmation at 7pm. After not hearing anything by 8:10, I decided to walk over (it's at the end of my block). As I walk in I now notice 3 employees standing there. One on the phone (young girl who was nice), a guy (not the owner) and the woman who didn't know anything the first time I came in. The person on the phone is literally the only person doing anything. The other two are just standing there. Since the person on the phone is using the one computer/register, there isn't anything for them to do, not sure why they are even there. You would think some good customer service skills would kick in and the other two would say something like "sorry we are really busy tonight" or maybe start the order on paper so it can get into the computer faster. Nope, just stand there twiddling their thumbs. 
I walk up to the guy standing there and say "I'm checking on an order I placed over an hour ago, name is Jordan". He says "ok, I'll check". The girl who is on the phone actually stops what she is doing to say "we're really slammed tonight". This girl is managing the phone orders, the register and trying to apologize, while the other two are just staring at the floor, mind boggling. Anyways, I step back and eventually the girl gets off the phone and takes the orders of the people in front of me. About 2 minutes pass and the guy who was checking on my order, comes out. Doesn't look at me, doesn't say anything. Just goes back to staring at the floor and eventually hands a delivery order to some guy that came in to deliver it. I get up to the register after waiting in line and tell the girl at the register I am here to check on an order. THE SAME GUY ASKS ME WHAT MY NAME IS AND GOES TO CHECK! WTF were you doing the first time?! He comes out and says "they are making it now". Mind you, my order couldn't be more simple. Beans, pork and salsa in styrofoam. It's a naked burrito, you don't even have to wrap it up. 3 spoonfuls of stuff that is already cooked (I saw it in the slow cookers the first day I was there).
I understand they might be slammed, I mean the dining room wasn't full, but they had a stack of delivery orders, so it's possible. But the inefficiency of this place is crazy to me. I honestly wanted this place to do well because it's feet from my front door. But this type of business model is going to fail without question and Pennsport will see another failed restaurant. Not because the food wasn't good, but because it's run terribly. The only reason it gets 2 stars instead of 1, is because if you do get your food, it's really good.The food has been a tad better in subsequent orders, but, there has been consistently late deliveries from them upwards of two hours so they will still stay at 3 stars. Pick-up and dining in is the way to go if you must.Great food here- enjoyed all the different flavors of salsa. Today we did a little spice challenge with ghost pepper sauce on a burrito. My God it was beyond spicy. Lethal! 
Really good burritos, tacos. Strongly recommend you try their food- but start off midway! Don't jump up to the hottest spice level- it's 1,000,000 Scovilles you'll break a sweat! Severe! Not for the faint of heart! Extreme hot heads only.  Very nice spot, great service & friendly people.Eh. It was just OK. The nachos were good. I got the 3 wild pigs burrito and it was pretty standard. My boyfriend got the ghost mango burrito, and it was unbearable hot, even for someone who likes spicy food. The avocado fries were good, but probably not worth the money.This is like my 5th time here and every time I had a wonderful experience. Food portions are always huge ,price is average, and customer service is always friendly and helpful. 
There are tons of vegetarian and vegan options and blackbird seitan is used. I've never had a bad experience. 
This place is a must!I'll give this place the benefit of the doubt since they're still very new and trying to get their footing.
My experience was adequate enough to maybe want to come back and try something else, but I'm definitely not quite ready to make it my new regular Mexican spot (which is a shame since Pennsport is desperately in need of something new).
The best way to describe the ordering/customer service/staff is...confused.  I wasn't sure what each of the 3 workers' roles were (and I don't think they did either).  There were 2 people ahead of me who had called to pick up their food and we can all see the food in bags ready to go on the counter.  But instead of expediting the in-house orders that are now getting cold on the counter, the main cashier at the counter stayed on the phone with a customer for about 5 minutes answering all their questions about sour cream on the side and what have you.  The other guy working was kind of ambling about in the back trying to figure out the tablet POS system for delivery and the third guy seemed to be the only one cooking in the back. There were no customers dining in, I get it, but there was zero sense of urgency.  It took them a bit to acknowledge me and I ended up ordering a small order of the homemade chips and guacamole and the mahi mahi tacos.  
Occasionally, the guy who finally got off the phone would slowly start making a burrito (presumably for delivery that the 2nd guy took out in a bag), which makes me think they're short-staffed in general.  It wasn't like Chipotle at all- he really took his time with each burrito which is great and all but again, it was like getting your food hot and on time wasn't quite their priority.
Luckily, my food didn't take longer than a couple of minutes after the cashier awkwardly told the cook to start making it, like as if there wasn't already a job description set in place for this.  There was a little more confusion when the cook was bagging my order (like he couldn't remember if I ordered small or large chips and guac and then the cashier couldn't remember what size container guac I'm supposed to get and actually opened it to see if it was right).  It's mostly just little kinks from being so new that hopefully will iron out over time.  None of it bothered me enough to never come back, but the laidback, slow paced atmosphere is still worth noting.
As for the food itself, my mahi mahi tacos were very, very delicious with a great slaw and a super creamy and flavorful cilantro-lime crema.  The flour tortillas held up nicely, however, the mahi mahi came in one giant cube per taco, as opposed to smaller pieces to spread throughout the whole shell.  The fish was super fresh and tender, though. 
Unfortunately, the guacamole didn't deliver.  Way too bland and smooth with not one iota of cilantro lime, salt or onion.  The chips were fresh, salty and tasty, but I was so disappointed in the guac.
For $16 for the whole order, I'd say the fish tacos alone were worth it but $5 for that boring guac was not worth it.  Next time, I'll try the different variations of burritos and quesadillas they have (the burritos looked HUGE), so I can't knock it just yet.We ordered lunch to be delivered to our work this afternoon. 10 of us ordered and usually there is at least one person who has something to complain about when we order food. Today, everyone was happy with their lunch. Portions were huge and the food was fresh, delicious, and obviously homemade from scratch. We all enjoyed it and will definitely order again. 
It seems like they may still be working on some glitches with the online food ordering system, but they  are brand new so I am sure that will work itself out.The food is very good and I am going to continue to order. The reason I am giving a three star rating is because this is not the first time I've gotten burritos and they have been ripped open. This time both burritos ordered had holes in them. The employees clearly see it while wrapping it up and chose to ignore it. It's not the end of the world but it does make it more difficult to eat. 
Also adding that once I started eating my rice was clearly left around for a while before being served. It was starting to get dry and kind of crunchy.As I walked in it smelt delicious. And overall I very much enjoyed! The staff was nice and very attentive. Few unique options but good Mexican joint that I will for sure be back and most likely make my regular spotThe food was good but I thought the portions for take-out were small. The queso is a little expensive for what you get but it was yummy!I live around the corner and was excited to try some Mexican in Pennsport. Did not disappoint! Food was fresh, warm, and not as expensive as some other new trendy Mexican spots in South Philly. I'll be ordering a lot now!Ordered the mahi tacos and a buffalo vegan burrito. Delivery guy plopped it in my hands and ran away before I could tip.  I nearly spit out my first bite of the fish tacos...not fresh, probably previously frozen fish that was not cooked all the way through, with mayonnaise and old cabbage slaw on top.  When fish has a "fishy" taste and smell that is a bad sign.  The vegan burrito was just ok - we ate it out of need/hunger, but honestly I would not pay for that ever again.  I had to take the tacos outside to dispose of the fish smell.Not good. Everything on the menu sounded great but unfortunately the food is almost inedible because it's so greasy and soggy that it just falls apart in your hands.I've ordered food from here twice. Delivery both times was fast.  Food seems fresh and high quality, maybe a little under seasoned but overall pretty tasty.  Unique menu options for all tastes. I appreciated the inclusion of the 'American tacos'.  My grocery store taco kit upbringing has conditioned me to forever prefer crispy shells to more authentic soft tortillas.The vegan and vegetarian tacos were both pretty bad. The Vegetarian one was a sloppy mess and was pretty bland. The vegan had seitan, (I think; definitely had the consistency of seitan), but the seitan had almost no taste. The fish tacos however were really good. It's annoying when restaurants half-ass the vegan/vegetarian options. Just don't offer them if you can't prepare them.If I could give 0 stars I would. If you are thinking about Mexican food for dinner go anywhere but here. We ordered for the first time tonight waited for over an hour (we live less than 6 blocks away) the food all arrived ice cold and it's 99% onions, we had to put it in the oven to make it edible. It's extremely basic bar food not authentic Mexican at all. There are so many good true Mexican restaurants in the south philly area this is not one of them.Super disappointing. I live a block away and always forget about this place since there isn't a sign outside or anything indicating what it is. My sister reminded me of it and I ordered two burritos to go. I got a chicken burrito and my boyfriend wanted the BBQ pork burrito but they did not have pork so he got the same as me. We also got queso and chips which had little to no flavor at all. Same thing goes for the burrito. It seriously tasted like nothing which is rare for a burrito. I kept waiting for a bite to wow me but there was just nothing to it. I couldn't even finish it. I also noticed the chicken was slightly pink. The last turn off was that I noticed they overcharged me by $7. I tried calling numerous times but it seems that they were closed the next day and when I checked my account the following day the correct amount was charged. Not sure what that was about. Regardless, I was just all around let down by all aspects. There are many good places with flavorful Mexican that are worth a few extra blocks walk.Ordered here from UberEats. Super fast delivery! There was no option for protein in the UberEats app so I was surprised when there was chicken in my burrito. The chicken was really good though so not disappointed at all! They were out of guacamole so that's my only regret. Will definitely order from here in the future.I looked at the menu for this place and the burritos all sounded pretty good. I ended up getting a buffalo chicken burrito and avocado fries. The burrito had absolutely no flavor, and buffalo chicken is usually something that has too much flavor. It was dry and the rice was horrible! I got the avocado fries because there was a big sign out front advertising them. I figured it was one of their best items. It's just fried avocado so there's no real substance to it. I also got a diet coke and it was room temperature for some reason. I'd give this place 1 star, but honestly the staff were very friendly so they've got that going for them.Ever since I moved to South Philly I have been trying numerous Mexican restaurants in the area and let me just say, if you're in South Philly stick to the local authentic places. With so many Mexican spots in south philly this place needs something more to stick out.Whoa! The number of vegan options available are really impressive. Avocado fries are a must, and the buffalo nachos are insanely good. It's a huge order so be prepared to share. The Al pastor vegan tacos are also really good. I do wish the food was just a tad bit spicier (the girl that helped me said it would be). Bottom line: Staff is super friendly and helpful when deciding what to get. Can't wait to come back for brunch. My only complaint is that the food takes awhile to come out so don't come completely starving.Second time getting delivery from this place via GrubHub, and it just gets better. Last time, I got the vegetarian nachos and chips + guac, this time vegetarian tacos and chips + queso. The chips are super crunchy and salted liberally. Tons of vegetarian and vegan options, can't wait to try one of their seitan dishes next time. The guac is good, but I have a mild desire to order a bathtub-sized vat of the flavorful queso and swim in it. Is that weird? You're weird for not trying this place yet. The delivery guys are nice too.Buffalo chicken nachos were soggy and none of the cheese was melted.
The chicken tacos were very good.The place is still new, so give them a little leeway. I ordered a scrapple breakfast burrito which on paper sounds delicious. In reality it was lacking, unfortunately. I couldn't taste any scrapple in it, and the black beans overpowered it. The owner(?) was a nice guy and did seem interested in my thoughts on the burrito. 
I'll give them another shot and maybe one day get them to make me some real San Diego style burritos!Nobody wants this place to succeed more than me (besides maybe the owner). I live on the other end of the street and have been waiting a while for the food scene down here to pick up. My girlfriend and I went the first day it opened and it was a hot mess. There was just chaos going on. The woman taking the orders didn't know a thing about the menu and I watched as she took a few other people's orders and then shuffled the slips. So people that had been there first got their food last. Our order was messed up, but the owner fixed it quickly. I wasn't going to write a review based on the first day, as it's just not fair, but did want to include it when I went back. 
I went again today, but chose to use their iPhone app. It was super simple to use and after about 45m I got a notification that my food was ready. Walked to the other end of the street and the same woman from the first day was there. You could tell she was more comfortable now and their cash register system was up and running (wasn't the first day). The food is pretty good, I'm excited to try their wild breakfast burrito. The ghost pepper brownie is no joke, I'm big into spicy things and this numbs your mouth.
I got the chicken burrito and the chicken is really flavorful. Wasn't a fan of the avocado fries (nor was my gf), but other people seemed to love them.
Hoping this place has continued success, welcome to the neighborhood!The portions were huge and the food was great. The two employees that helped me (4/27-3pm) were possibly the nicest people I've met in Philly so far. Great experience!Dude... what happened? Ordered a burrito bowl to accommodate my low-carb diet, and was literally delivered a cold bowl of meat. No lettuce, tomato, nothin. Just a dollop of sour cream on top of a greasy bowl of chorizo. It was salty as hell even for me, and I LOVE salt. I added some of my own ingredients at home to try to improve it, no dice. I emailed GrubHub to ask for my money back, too bad the restaurant wouldn't answer their phone. When GrubHub finally reached them the next day, they refused my refund. I still had the food, they could've taken it back! Stick with authentic joints like Tres Jalapeños, you'll be way better off.1st visit was the worst: I wanted this place to be awesome and was super excited for it to open! Sadly, I don't see it staying open if they don't turn things around really quickly. I think for the most part, staff/training is the problem, but it's really not worth a visit in my opinion; i wish i hadn't gone.
We had a girl with short dark hair who was friendly-ish, but shy and had no idea what was happening and kept laughing for no reason. She didn't know what was on the menu. She didn't know anything about their spice levels (despite the GIANT chalkboard that she faces all day that talks about them), she shuffled a pile of tickets so that 3 orders that were placed after us were delivered 1st. Never an apology for the long wait or all the mix ups. Tried to give us food that wasn't ours. More than one person asked her the same question and she just mumbled..."uh...I...hmmm..." and then never went to anyone else (the owner was there!) to find the answer. Just the worst. My boyfriend has been 3x now and it's gone from bad to way worse.
The thing I was most excited about were the avocado fries! I love avocados and I love fried things; how could this be bad?! Well, they were. I couldn't finish even 1 slice. Not a fan.
I ordered gringo tacos because I was feeling nostalgic for how ma used to make them back when I was 8. Crispy shell, cheese, veggies & sour cream? Heck yes! Except the meat was not seasoned at all and it was very dry. Best comparison I can come up with is if you took a plain  overcooked 4 day old hamburger and shoved it in a taco shell and slapped some sour cream on it, with a shredded side salad sprinkled on top. I feel like this should be the easiest thing, but what do I know? The chicken burrito was good, but we had to stop them in the middle of making it (after we pointed out we had been waiting forever and they remembered we were still there waiting) to tell them they weren't making it correctly. The only drinks we had to choose from were bottled water and orange juice, so there's that. I guess they're really relying on that BYO thing.
The only reason I'd ever even consider going back is because of the ghost pepper brownie. It was crazy good and I LOVED the fact that you could get the crispy edge piece or the gooey middle piece. I'm a gooey middle person myself. And if I was super hungover and every single place in the city wasn't delivering, I might consider trying a breakfast burrito...
2nd visit: I went in right when they opened on a weekend and it was like night and day from my last visit. Extremely friendly staff, didn't see her last time and she made conversation while my food was being prepared. I was in & out in 15 minutes. I bought a naked breakfast burrito and another ghost pepper brownie and it came to $11 & some change. It was delicious! I'd get this again in a heartbeat. Large portion.
Some folks came in after me and the card machine wasn't working again, though it worked for me just minutes ago and the same person was running it. They have more drinks now too, some bottled soda & tea, not just water & oj. I was told coffee is coming on Monday.I ordered here for the first time last night & I was definitely impressed. Everything we got was tasty, the burritos were huge, the avocado fries were crisp, but the best part was that we took a chance & ordered nachos! We were kinda expecting them to be soggy but they were awesome! The chips were crunchy & portion was generous. I will definitely be ordering again!You used to be good when you first opened. Had one issue with the rice not cooked and food was cold. Didn't even melt the cheese in your burrito, but would still order out of convenience of picking up my order. This was the last order you got me on. Order from grub hub walk over to pick up my food and your closed now have to call to get my money back worst of all I'm still hungry and now have to order from someone who's actually open at lunchtime on a Saturday. Best of luck wild Burrito your not the only Mexican restaurant in south philly.UPDATE: Customer service here blew my mind. I wrote my initial review (below) and literally within an hour I had missed a phone call and a voicemail from Wild Burrito saying that new burritos were on their way.  Apparently a new employee was working tonight and had assembled the burritos wrong.  The new burritos were MUCH better and I wanted to come on here and amend this review as soon as I could.  I was so impressed that they cared what I thought, and it means a lot as a customer that they put so much effort in. Thank you Wild Burrito!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This is by far the worst burrito I've ever had and it depresses me.  Delivery was quick and that was great but the meal itself disappointed me greatly.
My boyfriend and I both got burritos and half way through we looked at each other and realized that all we had been eating were rice and beans.  Where was the succulent pork I was looking forward to?  Where were the crema, chipotle, and pickled red onion as well?? Paying $8 for a burrito that was only flavorful for the last 2 bites (eventually found the meat) was really a bummer.  My boyfriend had the al pastor and didn't find one piece of pineapple in the whole burrito, nor very much pork as mentioned before.
Overall this place is new and for that I will give them a shot later on down the road when they get their process together because the menu sounds good on paper but the execution was a failure.  I'll update my review in a few months when I eat here again.