The food is excellent. Everything I tried thus far was amazing. I stop by at least once a week for lunch. I even took my daughter on a Sunday. She was also impressed.Very large portions, they cater and they accept Apple Pay! 
Thomasena's is clean and take out only. While they had precooked chicken and turkey in the warmers, I appreciated that they cooked the fish to order.
I purchased fried fish, Mac/cheese, string beans and collard greens to provide dinner for some of my relatives. They said everything was delicious! 
I purchased large side dishes and I appreciated that they drained the pot liquor from the string beans and collards before putting them in the containers. I got all vegetables - wasn't paying for pot juices! Thank you Thomasena's!
Finally, the staff was very polite and friendly. I will return and have already started telling everyone I know about Thomasena's!Someone told me about this Spot & that I had to try it!! Well, I'm so glad that I did!! Love me some Thomasena's  from the staff, to of course the Awesome food!! Thank you for existingJust from the cleanliness of this place I am hoping the food tastes as good as the place looked. I ordered bbq wings, Mac and cheese and cabbage. My hubby ordered the jerk chicken, Mac and cheese with the greens. Update coming once we get home. Everything was all of that and then some. It was more than enough for two on one platter. I will definitely be back to try other things on the menuBest soul food restaurant I have tasted in a long time!!! The fried fish is fresh and hot!! The green beans are seasoned to perfection and flavorful without being salty and the candied yams are sweet and flavorful!!!!  My husband also had the fried fish (Basa btw) mac n cheese, and greens....THE MAC N CHEESE IS HEAVEN!!!! The greens were good and flavorful as well but too soft for me I like a lil firmness/crunch in greens. O and I finished most of the Oxtails by the time I got home....falling off the bones amazing taste and gravy!!!! This was my first time but I will definitely be back!!!! The food was delicious and Johnathan was as happy and pleasant as he could be!!! Love it!!!Delicious food... haven't had an item that I didn't enjoy.  Large portions at a great price. Excellent spot for carry-out soul food!The food here is delish!  I've had their turkey wings, lemon chicken wings.  The sides are the bomb!  The mac n cheese is everything.  I also had the yams and greens. They were very good.Just from the cleanliness of this place I am hoping the food tastes as good as the place looked. I ordered bbq wings, Mac and cheese and cabbage. My hubby ordered the jerk chicken, Mac and cheese with the greens. Update coming once we get home 
Update: the food is still the bomb!! I brought my daughter there as she is always unimpressed with soul food. She loved the Mac and cheese and said it was so creamy and loved the baked chicken. The yams were so damn good (the little I was allowed to taste from my daughter),lolThis southern soul food spot is amazing. Anyone that has a taste for something yummy. Please check out Thomasena's. FYI - this is also 100% Halal for all my non pork eaters out there. 
I ordered their BBQ garlic chicken, Mac and cheese with collards greens and a side of yams everything was 100% on time and hit the SPOT so deliciously.  Mac was creamy and cheesey. Yams was perfectly cooked , not too sweet but perfect.  Food was seasoned well and I received a good portion. The price was also very reasonable. Check out the menu and visit when you can. You surely won't be disappointed.This is a diamond in the rough i tried the Macaroni and cheese sweet potatoes and Barbecue Chicken wings they give large portions for the price and place is very clean and organized I will definitely be coming backFood is really good the staff was so kind and helped me order since it was my first time there. Very professional staff I will def be back again!I was so excited to come try this soul food restaurant since my fiancé heard nothing but great things about it..we decided to go for a 20 min ride to the restaurant...got there at 7:45pm and they had no food left  I was so surprised since it said they closed at 10pm ...we had to leave cause there was not enough for us to order for even 1 person! So if you go maybe call before you go to save the trip! Hopefully we are able to try it next time and I can update my review!Food was great service was terrible. Ordered the fish platter after waiting 91 minutes I cancelled my order.My husband and I tried this joint last night. I was really hungry, my husband not so much. We both ordered fish platters. He had the small, I had the large. I liked the seasoning on the greens. The fish needed hot sauce. I prefer tilapia or whiting but they only had basa. The mac and cheese was just OK but the yams, mmmm mmm mmm!  They were really great! The large is significantly more than the small which is good to know. It didn't look that way originally. But I got 2 full sittings out of the large.  My husband also had some leftovers. We will definitely go back but the reason I took the first star away is because they ran out of beverages. We had to go to a different store for that. I expect all eateries to be drinkeries as well. It sounds like they had a signature drink that I really wanted to try but they "ran out." I wish I could take only half a star because I thought the food was solid and I attribute the mistakes to them being new. I hope they smooth out. I'm looking forward to getting that drink. I will update the review when I return.This was my second visit to this establishment. My 1st was so-so, so I decided to give them a play again. Bad idea! The host took my order very politely as before. There was only 1 customer in the store prior to my order. I observed the server scraping the bottom of the pan for the greens and asked if they were out, she stated they were but the manager who rang me up states that they had more coming in 5min, I said ok and paid. The store began to get crowded and 30min later after all customers cleared the store here comes my greens looking like canned greens. Normally after a customer has waited so long the order would be accompanied by an apology and maybe some sort of offering like a coupon or slice of cake something, not here. So when I asked is there anything you can offer for the wait? The manger got another manager or owner who came over to say there's nothing I can do for you. Ok well I hope this review was worth more than a $2 side. Its a shame how people in business don't understand the power of a repeat customer. The greens were horrible chicken was dry and turkey wings were undercooked. Poor 2nd visit. Take 1 business class and maybe 2 cooking classes.  Shamefull when the leaders are shortsightedI was pleasantly surprised when I saw a brand new minority-owned business not too far from where I live and work. I've visited it twice; the first time,which was more pleasant, would've given them a higher rating but the second visit was such a turn-off, that 1 star is all I can manage. This place advertises that they open at 11am but keeps the door locked past the time & then goes as far as to ignore customers. During the first visit, the lady (with blonde hair) at least came to the door & I was able to see what they had I eventually get food which was fresh, hot & delicious. Her customer service was great & she offered samples (some after I ordered) which was a nice touch & convinced me to try their food. During the second visit, I arrived after 12:30 & the door was locked (a whole hour & a half after their advertised "opening" time). The staff was inside prepping food with a clear line of sight to see me at the door with my umbrella & all since it was raining (they looked directly at me), but they proceeded to ignore me. I even waited a few minutes thinking that they needed a little time to finish up a task before coming to unlock the door but they rudely proceeded to ignore me, even after I went out of my way through the rain to get food. Even if all of the food was not ready they could've simply attended to customers & given them the option to choose from what was there. I'm a VERY picky eater & rarely dine out so this really rubbed me the wrong way. I actually reccommended this place to someone but I now will be warning people not to waste their time since they have no consideration or class when dealing with their customers & I will not be going back. This was a huge disappointment.I'm what you would call a novice when it comes to soul food but if this is what it taste like then I would need to get caught up to speed cause the food was delicious. Oxtails was super flavorful and that touch of sweetness went amazing with the savory mac and cheese. 
The service was pleasant but the long wait to refill the mac and cheese after they ran out kinda put a slight damper in the experience especially when I'm in a hurry for my lunch break.Food is excellent had it several times when the location was in Trenton Nj however since moving to Philadelphia I've driven 40 minutes 3 times to arrive and be told there wasn't any food left to serve. Attempted a 4th time this time called ahead of time was told the hours of operation was till 10pm arrived at 7pm and to no surprise there was no food! Just terribleMy favorite restaurant! I always enjoy their lemon pepper chicken wings! You can never go wrong here.This is normally one of my go to lunch spots and today it was fully of disgust and disappointment. I got to the bottom of my stryoform container and there was a piece of plastic that was cooked in with the cabbage. As you can see from the pictures this wasn't something that fell in on the surface it was either cooked and/or mixed in. Up until this point I have enjoyed eating at this location. I called the restaurant to inform them of my finding but it didn't really seem like they cared asking what did I want to do about it? They said they'd be more careful going forward but that doesn't seem to reassuring.First time eating in a soul and let me tell you something as a guy who likes to eat and try out all new foods I was blown away my favorite was the jerk chicken and the fresh sides that come along with the meal. My favorite was the mac and cheese was my favorite. The girlfriend who don't play around with food had no complaints this will not be the first and last time for sure coming here and will highly recommend to anyone who has a taste for good foodThe food was good they didn't have over half the menu available but what I got was good my husband food was good just thought you should have gotta more fish in his platter only thing I ordered and waited 20 minutes for baked fish which was fine but when it was ready told me they ran out of one of my side choices so was told it would be ready in 7 minutes but took 20 minutes thought they should have offer a drink or something for my wait but nothing no one apologize when the side was ready the two young ladies just stood there with no care in the world but the gentleman ringing customers completed our order I definitely will not be returning but will say call before you go just to make sure they have what you want sad part manager never came to say anythingAbsolutely delicious!  The fried tilapia was cooked perfectly.  The mac and cheese is very good and yams are some of the best I have ever had.   Great soul food restaurant.Awesome! Went there today and ordered the fried Basa. Fish was crispy, seasoned well and cooked to order. Sides- Mac and cheese, yams and string beans were delicious and portion sizes are huge! Will definitely be going back and telling family and friends!Food is good but they don't handle business well. They never answer the phone, they open n close when they feel like it. Food is good but they need to learn professionalismI ordered my meal off Uber eats. It arrived ahead of time and was steaming hot (on a Saturday). I ordered the fried fish, Mac and cheese, cabbage. The meal was enough for 2 servings. Absolutely deliciousOn 2-7-19 my First visit to Thomasena's. I was excited to order especially after reading the reviews. Upon my arrival the place nice & clean and did not have a long line and I was thankful. The reason I decided to try Thomasena's was from the reviews and too test the food. My job was also looking to have food catered for a funeral service. Please note I was rather hunger after not eating anything until 3:00 PM that day. I order the fried fish, jerk chicken , Mac& cheese and string beans. Please note the food was indeed plentiful. However after 20 minutes of eating a small  portions of the food my stomach began to ache, and bubble up, two minutes later diarrhea. I am not saying this to hurt anyone, I thought it was truly just me with a bad stomach however, I shared my food purchased with my co-worker and yes you guessed it. Diarrhea as well.  So it wasn't just me!! Eat at you own RISK.Best soul food you can get delivered in the NE area hands down!! No one comes close! I usually get the jerk wings and Mac and cheese, probably the best Mac I've had.I'm health conscious. However, sometimes ya gewrl gotta eat her feelings. THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST SOUL FOOD IN THE NE. Ain't nobody in competition ya heard meh? Babe and I usually get the jerk wings, greens and Mac'n'cheese. Eat ya heart out but just make sure you don't over indulge. Your body is your temple. Treat it like so.This was my first time getting Soul Food in northeast Philly I usually travel to north or west Philly. I recently was on Facebook and came across a post asking about the best soul food restaurants in Philly, I kept seeing Thomasena's so I looked them up and realized they are close to me being as though I live in Mayfair even better. I ordered two platters one fried basa with Mac and yams and a turkey wing platter Mac and yams, I also got 3 wings and a side of collard greens. I must say this is the best soul food and customer service I had in Philly. Everything was fresh and hot all the food was tasty the wings were fried to perfection. I'm very picky and this was on point . I was skeptical getting soul food in this area but this way out of sight ! Will recommend to all my friends and family ! This place deserves more buzz !Their food is so good! I came here on Friday night around 9pm. They were closing so they didn't have much left. I ordered fried whole wings, baked Mac and rice. The wings were seasoned perfectly. Idk what type of flower they use but the skin was nice and crunchy but not hard to bite through. The macaroni was cheesy just the way I like it. And the rice was regular rice but seasoned very well. I was going to go to wing stop for something quick but so glad I stopped in here! I love supporting black owned businesses. Keep up the good work.*sigh* I don't even know where to begin. Perhaps with the fact that I KNOW better than to order soul food from a restaurant. But I did it and disappointed is an understatement.. The Mac and cheese looked amazing but it was really loose and tastes like pepper.. The cabbage I should have known not to get it but it too tastes like nothing but pepper. My fish was fried to perfection but bland. The ox tails had far too much fat on them and the white rice was undercooked. If I could take these platters back and get a refund on them I would!! UPDATE: I have food poisoning!!This food was sooo good, nothing salty which a lot of people use! Fresh, clean and tasty. Thank you! I will be back again!, creamy Mac, sweet potatoe were good and not too sweet, fish was prefect and so was chicken, not fried too hard and fish wasn't either! Get food overallFood was good.. get there early because it sells out fast
I ordered turkey wings, mac and cheese, and greens.. no complaints! 
Employees are nice and they have a rewards program too.. free meal after your 10th visitToday was my first visit at the restaurant and I ordered 2 baked chicken wing platters with mac and cheese and collard greens. The sides were very tasty, seasoned very good. I did think The chicken was a little dry to my liking. I wanted fried chicken but they did not have any and it was 3pm on a Tuesday so I settled for the baked chicken.
I will visit again,  I want to try their ox tails, which they only serve on the weekend.
Parking is plentiful and my wait wasn't too long.THE BEST! She didn't disappoint at all! My granddaughter and i truly enjoyed our platters. My granddaughter said "Gigi i know they had a good Thanksgiving" I'm sure they did if she cooked...Soo worth it !! Really i made with pure love and the soul  yams are perfect ! Really melts in your mouth! The mac and cheese hit the spot, collard greens are not that salty just perfect.After frequenting them in Trenton, disappointed by the food when they moved to philly, I am not a fan again. The food is on point! Turkey meatloaf is my favorite and it didn't disappoint. They give hefty portions, it easily lasted 3 meals for me. I will be back sooner than later.I ordered a meal thru Über Eats, which was due to arrive at about  7:20pm and about 10 minutes beforehand I received an email stating the restaurant CANCELLED my order!!! Meanwhile my 4 year old kept asking me when the food was coming because it was "taking too long". SMH!!! I'll never order from this place againThis place is great. The staff is super friendly. The food is extra delicious. They didn't have jerk chicken which I was hoping for but the bbq wings were great.  The sides are flavorful. Will be back.One of my family members bought me a platter. Baked lemon pepper wings, yams, and mac and cheese. It wasn't terrible, but not amazing either.  Chicken was a little too dry and a just a tad under seasoned. The yams were these thick cut slices, i prefer mashed but didn't mind how they were cut, except they were overcooked but the flavor was pretty good. Mac & Cheese was my least favorite out of the entire platter but I will admit i am extremely picky when it comes to mac. personally, it was just a step above boxed/pre packaged mac and cheese. It was this creamy/glue - like texture that i couldn't really get past. I might try again, because clearly some people love it.I use to be a frequent customer when Thomasena's was located in Trenton. I have traveled over an hour to the new Philadelphia location because the food is fresh and tasty. However, the level of service has declined significantly. First, let me start by saying the restaurant opens and closes whenever they want so I'm confused as to why they even bother to list hours of operations.
This past Thanksgiving I attempted to place catering size takeout orders and spent nearly 45 minutes trying to get someone to do the bare minimal which was "Answer the dam Phone"
Once someone answered and I gave my order I was told that I would have to place the order with the manager- "Ok no problem"....The manager gets on the phone (Female butch looking chick-I remember her from previous visits) and she tells me that I have to come in person to pay for the order before I could place it. I then stated can you send me an electronic invoice order and I can pay with my credit card or you can take my card info over the phone. The manager states we don't do either of those things you have to come in person. What the hell! We in the 21st century and the restaurant is not able to do this! The manager then tells me I have to place the order by the 20th which is the last day for placing large catering take out orders. I'm steaming because I have to travel over an hour to pay and place the order and then travel back to pick the order up the day before Thanksgiving! So, I drive to the restaurant on the 20th and get there at 11:30am which is the scheduled time they are "suppose" to open. I sat in the parking lot until they decided to open at 12:40pm. I go in to place the order and some young kid tells me they aren't taking large orders anymore....Of course I'm Heated!...I asked to speak to the manager and the Owner comes out and says sorry we're not doing that anymore. I explained what the manager conveyed to me and he simply stated sorry can't help you....I had to quickly figure out another plan and ended up ordering from Delta's in New Brunswick. Thomasena step your professionalism all the way up! Take training classes if needed!!!! 
I'm a black person trying to support a black owned business! Don't contribute to the stigma that causes our kind not to deal with our own kind businesses!!!Just picked up dinner from Thomasena's and it was great as always.  Portion size, taste, and service were impeccable.  Had fried chicken wings, yams, potato salad, and collard greens....AWESOME.  Not salty or greasy just straight up GOOD!  Do yourself a favor and check them out at their new location in Frankford.  They used to be less than a mile away but are worth the trip!!!I've heard great reviews on how delicious the food is & generous servings.
What I didn't hear is that this establishment opens whenever they want. I went to purchase a few meals for individuals who are in a nursing home, shut in etc... I checked the website stating the store opens at 11:30, so I arrived a lil early only to wait  2 hours to no opening. As I sat in the parking area watching & waiting for the gate to open I could see feet near the door walking around. 
I sat there in hopes of someone opening the door & pull the gate up, to no avail.
While I'm very disappointed I never had an opportunity to taste the food from Thomasena's restaurant, I don't have the time to continually drive out of my way in hopes they are open only to find out they open whenever they want. SMH extremely sad!!!First time trying out this place and ummm hard pass next time.  The food was NOT food and I'm surprised because the reviews all say otherwise. I got fried fish , Mac and cheese and greens.  The fish was soggy and tasted undercooked. The Mac and cheese tastes like kraft from a box. The greens were okay but I've had  better.My experience was terrible here. From the phone to the door. The lady constantly hangs up before the conversation comes to an end, I pick up my food and say thank you she doesn't say anything and just shuts the door. The turkey wings were dry and the greens didn't have any flavor. Overall, I'm not sure if I'll be ordering from here again.This place has been open exactly a week.  Located in a mini-mall close to my job.  There are not too many choices for lunch in the area, and this is a welcome addition.
I had the small jerk chicken platter for $9.55. It came with two sides. I chose cabbage and macaroni and cheese. A whole lot of food for that price! The chicken was spicy and juicy and the cabbage was well seasoned and tasty. The mac and cheese could have been a tad hotter, but it was good.
They have turkey wings, oxtails, curry chicken, jerk chicken, turkey meatloaf, ginger bbq chicken and baked or fried fish. Sides are mac and cheese, yams, potato salad, two kinds of rice, cabbage, green beans and black eyed peas.
This is a take-out place, I didn't see any seating. They also take debit & credit.  A great addition to the area.  I will be back to try more of their menu.Their commercial says they're located in Bridesburg ... not true, they're located in Frankford Valley. 
And - no pork - no thank you!No fish no Black Eyed Peas no cornbread the jerk chicken a leg and a chop thigh whatever they have on the menu will not be the same when you go in person buyer beware my turkey wing platter the wings were kind of dry I'm one and done on this spotWow! The people on the neighborhood app "NextDoor" were raving about this place, so I had to try it. Hands down, the BEST fried Fish Platter I have EVER had. It was so light and fluffy but flavorful. The Baked Macaroni & Cheese was amazing. The Candied Yams were a little dry, because all the sauce settled at the bottom but man, they were so well done, and not slippery/slimy lol. They were out of potato salad, so they refunded my card for the cost. Thoroughly enjoyed my meal. Soooo good. Great sized portions!Big portions! The Basa fish was very fresh. My boyfriend got the pepper steak and he loved it. It's made to order so it's very fresh as well. The Mac and cheese is creamy. Overall great experience!The food here is simply amazing, seasoned to the t and there customer service is very pleasant. We had the fried chicken, yams and Mac...delicious my wife had the turkey wings, yams and greens she was very happy. If your looking for good soul food at a reasonable price this is the place, come hungry because they give you a lot of food.This place was meant to be. I was looking for some soul food close to my and this one showed up among a couple. I for some reason chose the other. Didn't feel like going over the bridge.
So the "other" restaurant was actually closed or possibly shut down. So went over the bridge. As I arrive I could tell by the signage that this place was a vibe.
The girl at the counter was very helpful, she pointed out all their menu options and also what they didn't have for the day. Initially I wanted some fried fish but when I seen the turkey wings I was sold. They had a lunch box option or a dinner of course I went for the XXL so I could eat for a couple meals. It came with 3 giant turkey wings and 2 large side. I had collard greens abs yams. Let me tell you ... I could do a whole separate review just for the yams. They tasted like dessert. The wings were so tender they fell off the bone. Guess what ? I found me a new home for soul food. And now I have to return to get the fired fish. 
Or another small details, the dine in area is closed. But while you wait there are some chairs, social distancing, and you can sit and listen to some cool jams. 
Their hall way is also cool. You can see "Grandma's couch" covered with plastic. Don't you dare sit your dirty ass on grandmas couch. HahahahaIt's a real gem when you can pin point a good soul food spot. There are many soul food restaurants that you can go to, but when you find a solid one that has good taste, flavor, and is cooked well, you rejoice! Plus, they're efficient and have great speed preparing your food. For any soul food enthusiast, you know that when a soul food place can get your food to you quickly, it is rare and an anomaly. 
Everything looked good including the meat loaf, turkey wings, mac and cheese, sweet potatoes, greens and fish. I ordered the basa fried fish, mac and cheese and sweet potatoes. The fish was great and was fried golden--very tasty. The sweet potatoes were yummy as well. The mac and cheese was cheesy and less like baked macaroni and cheese. I think it needed an egg or two added to get the correct density. However, it was good enough.
They have small and large platters, with the small costing about $11 and the large is about $15.
The staff was bustling, professional and efficient which I appreciated. I was in and out, and most importantly, satisfied!The food is delicious and the portions are generous. With that being said the service is lousy. The place is always packed and the staff is disorganized and less than courteous. However if you like southern soul food is worth the aggravationTurkey wings were good and so was the Mac but i also had yellow rice and it was very very hardI'm only giving 2 stars because the very first time going was in July 2020 and back then I would give them a Five star rating. The food was Amazing back in 2020. 
I had even turned friends and family onto them and I enjoyed the food so much I was addicted to ordering takeout at least once every two weeks. 
As months went by I started to notice food wasn't as good. So I stopped going for awhile. Just yesterday I went for the first time in months and I bought my husband and I a platter. Greens were soggy, Turkey wings were very dry and potato salad tasted too tangy and potatoes tasted like they could've been cooked a bit longer. 
My husband and I were very disappointed.
Maybe Thomasena did exceptionally well when they first opened their new location on Orthodox street and now that they have build up their reputation their services are no longer five stars.I'm not reading the other reviews because I don't care what ya'll have to say about aunty Thomasena.  Let me tell you this, my very southern, of Alabama origin family, can throw down.  Let me tell you this, if your mom cooks me food I'll probably sneak most of it in the trash cause I'm picky like that.... but Aunty Thomasena?!  No way, no how!  
I went in with zero expectations and was delightfully surprised.   We ordered the Large fried fish platter with yams, and macaroni and cheese (platters come with two sides).  We decided to add a large side of cabbage as well. 
The first thing I tried was the macaroni and cheese: creamy and well seasoned.  It's not like a set baked macaroni that you might get from grandma on thanksgiving but I'm telling you variety is the spice of life and it is delicious. I set out to try a piece of the fish and my partner informed me we didn't have any ketchup (yes, ketchup on fish).  I tried a piece anyhow and quickly decided we would be defiling this fine meal by not having all of the appropriate accoutrements so we got up and went to the store to get a bottle of ketchup.  It was that serious.  So now, back at home with the warmed fish, our ketchup, macaroni, and yams, we were in heaven.  The fish was perfectly breaded and fried golden just like you want it.  The yams were tender with just the right amount of sweetness, cinnamon, et al. The cabbage was good as well, it made us feel better about downing all the carbs. 
This meal was a solid 5 stars, worth every penny.  I ordered and paid online and it was ready for me as soon as I walked through the door.  I will be back again and again.I don't leave many reviews but this place is a gem! I haven't been inside l, but I've been using Uber eats for a couple years and this is by far the best soul food spot I've eaten. The menu is small and simple. But every item is consistently well prepared and served with huge portions. Well seasoned, perfectly prepared. Thomasena puts her foot in this for real. Every item is what you would expect but more in portion. The only thing I can say negative is there is no beverages to order from Uber eats. Not sure if they have a sweet-tea or lemonade on site but that's the only thing I can say bad. I highly recommend Thomasena's to anyone craving some excellent soul food with sharable size dishes. Keep it up guys!This place has pretty good food. Love the fried fish. Sides are good. Can be a little pricey, but worth it. They don't always have everything on the menu.Hidden gem hidden gem!! Thats all Im a start off saying on this review, sheesh. This business will hit the spot when your hungry for some southern taste, cooked good soulfood. Real rap!!
  Its a rainy, slow Sunday which is one of them days you might not feel like cooking but still want a Sunday dinner, well thanks to my Aunt going up that way she asked if I wanted anything from here and its my first time trying so I took a chance and glad I did.
  Ordered the Turkey meatloaf platter with my 2 sides being yams and yellow rice for $16. Definitely well worth it including the portions and definitely the taste, mmm!
  Turkey meatloaf was flavorful with I think a lil bbq sauce, the rice was good mixed in with the meatloaf even by its self and then its the yams for me. They were cooked and sweet like somebody grandma made them for a big dinner.
Everything was good! Definitely worth my money cause I don't like trying too many spots I never been to or came across to check out.
  Thomasena's yall got it popping in that kitchen, keep up the good work.The food is so good here. Every time I place an order, they never disappoint me. The fish is so fresh, the Mac n cheese is on point. And those yams are so sweet and savory.The 3 times I have visited this place my food was amazing. They run out of the good stuff fast so calling in advance can save some time. Manager could be better. A customer held up the line for almost 10 mins complaining about her stars or some rewards crap. They didn't continue to take orders and the manager was actually arguing with the customer about a number lol I was tired and hungry so I waited and it was worth it. The yams taste just like the ones my great aunt makes at my family reunion!! I'll be back just for those. The Mac and cheese is also very goodJust from the cleanliness of this place I am hoping the food tastes as good as the place looked. I ordered bbq wings, Mac and cheese and cabbage. My hubby ordered the jerk chicken, Mac and cheese with the greens. Update coming once we get home 
Update: the food is still the bomb!! I brought my daughter there as she is always unimpressed with soul food. She loved the Mac and cheese and said it was so creamy and loved the baked chicken. The yams were so damn good (the little I was allowed to taste from my daughterBlack Own I love their food, they give big servings. Service is a little slow but worth the wait!!!