Small, seems out of place in a Mount Airy neighborhood. Street parking is plentiful. I have not had the pleasure of dining in but all my interactions with the staff have been amiable. I've ordered take-out countless times and the food has always been satisfactory. The dishes are cleary labelled, fresh, and in adequate quantities. The specials are always a delight, especially for those who've experienced Indian cuisine in other establishments. I do not recall any of the dishes standing out but for decent Indian cooking at an agreeable price, Tiffin is certainly worth trying.I love how this place is plopped on the most random street ever! its small yet spacious.... the staff is very nice.. and the food.. well the food is frigging AWESOME!  I'm not really a fan of the samosas.. I think they are a bit under seasoned.. however.. that's my only complaint thus far.. their take-out rivals my germantown indian eatery .... however they still haven't gotten to the spicey level that I like but the deliciousness of their flavors work just the same for meI really wanted to like Tiffin. They need good indian food here. With no reservations waiting for a table is ridiculous-not only for those with no where t to wait but also for the tables near the entrance with people hoovering over them and like 10 people crowding the front.  Tiffin owners-FYI!!!!! --put a bench outside!!! Even cold you need to have a place for people to wait besides over your front 3 tables!  Or-take cell numbers and call customers when the table is ready so they can wait in the car! 
With that said--good prices-nice service -food is alright-not spicy.My favorite Indian food restaurant in Philly. I just moved here from Chicago and was hoping to find a great place with great food. I got the saag paneer and it was delicious!! Spice level was exactly as they promised. And it's BYOB...Double plus...I use to LOVE Tiffin but the quality has definitely gone down over the last few months. The sauces are not the thick, perfectly seasoned sauces you expect from Indian food. They're very watery and bland now. The rice was hard and dry.  I was terribly disappointed in my meal. Not sure if I'll be returning...I think this place is run like the franchise it is.  Tiffin operates like a poorly managed factory.  They are unwilling to make substitutes.  For example,  they are unwilling to make Shrimp Saag. despite the fact that Lamb Saag and Shrimp Curry are on the menu.  When pressed why, they said they don't know how to bill for it!  
That's not horrible, it forced me to broaden my horizons & try the shrimp curry.   BUT on the my second attempt to get take out from there I used what should be their very convenient online ordering.  I placed my order at 7:00 pm, with an 8PM pick up.  I received an email reciept, which I understood as confirmation for my order.  At 8:05 I showed up at Tiffin with a hungry belly,  only to be told they didn't have my order.  When I mentioned ordering online the clerk got a very concerned look on his face like "crap, I haven't checked that queue in hours."  I was told it would be another 20minutes, and was not offered any bit of apology.  
For a better run facililty, go to Khajuraho up the road in Ardmore.Any time someone in my house is jonesing for Indian food and I don't feel like cooking, we order Tiffin. They're easy to order from online and over the phone and the menu is pretty extensive. If you decide to eat there rather than take out, the restaurant is comfortable and bright. We especially like the chicken tikka masala. Only downside is the price; they're on the expensive side.Delivery is appalling. Still waiting 2 plus hours for our food. The last time we ordered delivery they forgot our order entirely. We're done.I order from Tiffin regularly. My favorite dishes are saag paneer and lamb rogan josh . I love that you can order online and have it delivered BUT the last time I did that it took 2 hours for my food to arrive!! Calling in the order is always faster. (You probably think I'm crazy for 4 stars after 2 hours of waiting but after ordering from them about 20 times I can forgive them for having an off night)
They always include 3 sauces with the order. I don't know what they are but I love the green one. They should bottle that stuff and send me a lifetime supply. 
Tiffin also includes a random accompaniment with each order. It's usually something runny and yellow... Not bad but nothing exciting. I wouldn't miss it if it were gone but it always makes me feel like I'm getting a free extra. 
I'd also like to give honorable mention to their naan and chicken tikka masala. Both are delicious. 
One last thing to mention- even if you say you want a dish spicy, it will still be mild according to my standards. If you want some kick you have to tell them to make it extra spicy.3 hours and counting waiting for food. They refuse to pick up when I've called. I won't be ordering from his restaurant again. I would advise against it.Best Indian food in philly!  We love everything on the menu, but the South Indian shrimp (not on menu, but they'll make it if you ask nicely) is the best.  Don't forget to get a mango lassi too!Delicious and affordable food. The service is fast and they deliver. What more can you ask for?
I'm a fan of the Chana Masala and Malai Kofta.This place is just a complete rip off! Sometimes you crave some Indian food... For 30 bucks we got pretty much nothing. I've had far better takeout from other concepts like this in other cities. We've made the mistake now twice an regretted it both times. I'd rather get some chicken and a can of sauce at the grocery store and make something that way! Never again!
I would say this is definitely for people with deep pockets who don't know better... My flat mate buys from them on an almost weekly basis. Fool!I got food from this place twice. Both times the food was rather bland, and they overloaded us with cheap, under-cooked, non-Basmati rice.
In a nutshell, this restaurant serves overpriced, tasteless drivel.
Did I mention it is OVERPRICED? And BLAND?
I'll give it 1 star because at least they do deliveries.This was my first Indian experience in 30 years, so I can't recall the last place I ate Indian food.  I am not what I would call adventurous, but my god.  This food was amazing.  The Cauliflower was DIVINE.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was exquisite.  You are doing an amazing job, and the food was even better the next day and the day after that!!!!  I hate leftovers, but I would gladly eat it again and again!!!!!  Good job!!!A little gem in suburbia! The people are super nice and the food is absolutely fantastic. It was rather quiet while I was in there, so I didn't experience any slip in their service. I will definitely be going back on the regular.The food is good and the delivery service is fast.  I haven't had everything they offer, but everything I've had so far was very good.
A couple things are only decent (lintel soup), but all the staple dishes are very tasty.
You can't hope for anything better in the area, that's for sure.Decided to go grab indian food and thought Tiffin was a good place to go since I have been there before.  Just let me say this, what happened to the quality of their food?  Maybe it my fault we pick the last item listed in the vegetarian section, Navrotan Korma with mixed vegetables. Suspecting that it could be made with frozen vegetables we decided to ask the waiter what did "mix vegetables" consist of in this entree.  He told us there was 9 different vegetables starting with carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, peas just to name a few.  So based on his description we decided to get that.  We had been waiting a while for the food (by the way we were the only ones in the restaurant) and i thought they most be making the food from scratch.  Just as I finished saying that I heard a beeping of a microwave.  I still had faith in Tiffin that it wasn't a microwave but a chefs timer.  But in reality chef don't use timers; this isn't a bakery.  The food finally arrived and as I was plating the food I noticed baby carrots. Then I examined it further and it looked like frozen mixed vegetable from a steamable bag.  I wish the waiter told me it had baby carrots, I would have order something else.  We got two pieces of naan for $3 dollars and it was thin and crispy like a tony's pizza crust.   Not sure it I will go back after that experience. Any place that uses frozen vegetables should not have the name Tiffin but should be called Trifling.Placed an order via eat 24 and waited for more than one hour. When enquired about the order they said they have no drivers available for delivery after 9 even though it is open till 10pm. Ok, fine.. But at least they could have informed me when they received the order instead of waiting for me to call and check after an hour . And this is the second time it has happened to me here. Poor customer service.. Avoid !!!Love their chicken tika masala, butter chicken, and paneer masala. Great, but slow service. A little pricy, but for dinner portions I can get two meals out of it. Their garlic nan was not that great.I suppose it's about time I review this place, since it's become my comfort food standby.
I've dined in only once, but ordered takeout about five times now. I do this on days when I'm moping about something or hungover. It is always a miracle cure, let me tell you.
I have two dishes that I tend to order every single time: butter chicken (omg, omg), and saag paneer. The saag paneer is fantastic. 
They're always quick and efficient, and the food is ready on time. It is a bit expensive, however. When I order my two standbys, the total is about $26. It does come with an "accompaniment" dish and some sauces, but you have to pay extra for naan. 
So it's a pricey indulgence, but I've always been able to get about 3 meals out of that order. It shall remain a cure-all.I love this food. Have ordered take out a few times and the food has been amazing every time. Delivery takes about an hour but it's well worth the wait. My go-to dishes are chicken tikka masala with veg samosas, onion bhaji (this stuff is the best!), and naan. The sauce in the tikka is just soooo good. Definitely recommend this place!Tiffin used to be great when it first opened, but seems like its been in constant decline for a while now. The food is hit-or-miss, the service slow and fairly surly (seems to be the same  whether you're eating in or take-out, so at least they don't discriminate). Their estimates on when your order will be ready for pickup should not be taken too literally - I've waited in the restaurant for up to half-hour past the anticipated pickup time.
Oh, and for take-out it's not cheap either, so you'd expect some level of quality and consistency.I am not usually crazy about Indian cuisine but this food is really very good.  Lots of variety of meats, sauces and if course, the naan!I've never eaten at the actual restaurant but frequently order delivery. The gobhi manchurian and paneer makhani are my absolute favorites. The mint cilantro chutney that comes with each entree is so delicious and pairs well with more spicy dishes.Solid Indian food with some subtlety.   Not great atmosphere for dining in, but reliable for take-out -- easily the best ethnic food in Mt Airy/Chestnut Hill.
For the person who says they found a roach in their food, I'm pretty sure that would have been a cardamom pod, which has a crunchy, shell-like texture which (to the uninitiated) might be mistaken for a bug!This is my favorite Indian restaurant.  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because of their atrocious delivery situation.  Last time I called to order for delivery they said to me, "no why don't you come pick it up".  When I came to pick it up, they said that their delivery guy is just way too busy and it would have taken too long to get my food to me.  This has always been the case with Tiffin.  Dear Tiffin: hire more delivery people!  The demand is clearly there, so I don't understand why they're the only restaurant in the world that hasn't yet figured delivery out.  
With that being said though, the only reason I put up with their nonsense is because the food is just.so.good.Been here a couple of times and so far have tried the butter chicken, chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, chicken korma and some sort of lamb kabab appetizer.  Everything was great.  I've never had such perfectly cooked rice!  The place does get rather hot and the ventilation could be improved for those dining in.Good food that's delivered! What more do you need?
I first had this at a friend's place. A week later I was home, hungry, and lazy so I went online and va-va-va-boom the food is in my belly...well not that fast but u get the point.
Dishes are especially spicy to me but then again I likes it spicccaeee.
Would recommend to others will make this my indian spot until I find something better and closer.
I am changing the rating to a 3 (from a 4)-
They are good for convenience but as for the taste I came to realize that the meat items aren't soo tasty. The sauce lacks actual flavor/salt. It's like eating with Ms. Dash..the spices have an accent on the dish but no actual flavor. Kinda disappointed toward the end of my meal(week..since I ordered enough food so i didn't have to cook that week) since I ordered a few dishes...I frequently had to add salt which I've never had to do with indian food. Prob won't be ordering from here for a whileeeeee.Top notch Indian food, I always leave stuffed and happy when we eat here.  The worst day of my life was when they started delivering, now I can have that amazing food directly at my door.LOVE this place. I wish they were closer to me. Their sag paneer is the best in the area.  They are a little expensive, but they are worth it as a treat. They are quick and friendly and seem to show attention to detail in the little extras they give you. I've only had food to take out. I've never eaten in the restaurant, but each time it's been great.First I'd like to say that I enjoy Tiffin's food in general, but this location is really poorly run.  I have had multiple problems when ordering from here and the management is always extremely dicky and argumentative. 
The final straw came when I called and ordered the vegetable makhni tiffin.  If you are not familiar with this restaurant, they list three "tiffins" on their website for every day of the week.  These "tiffins" are combination meals that include an entree a side and a dal.  When my girlfriend went to pick up the order she was given what she was told was dal makhni and that that was the tiffin dish of the day.  Meanwhile the side dishes that come with the meal are potato and dal.  So basically instead of having the vegetable makhni (as listed on their websites tiffin menu), we ended up with two dals and potatoes.  Talk about disappointment.  I mean, I love lentils but I really didn't want two servings of lentils, and had looked forward to the vegetable makhni.  The manager refused to acknowledge that they had made a mistake, or that the website listed a different dish.  
As I said this was not the first time they screwed up nor the first time the manager was rude.  Sorry, I'm finished.  Try the other locations, it's worth the drive.I'm sorry. There I said it. I was once a hater of Indian food until I ate at Tiffin. 
The space is small - only a couple tables, but it's usually pretty bumpin' in there. Have eaten in twice. Service is ok, but how come the food takes so long??? Give me my chicken tikka masala now!!! It's probably just my impatience and hunger that makes the wait seem just that long. Both times I've been there has been a steady stream of people picking up their orders. They all seem so happy carrying out their bags full of all that goodness. 
The Germantown location seems kind of random, but there's plenty of street parking right out front and the food is great.I love Tiffin. It has drawbacks - unless you're lucky you'll wait. And that's a problem if it's not nice weather, because there isn't anywhere to wait. Which is also a problem when you get to sit down if you get a table near the front where everyone still waiting is stuck standing. They really really really need to figure all of this out.
BUT...
The food is terrific - I've had three vegetarian entrees and every one was outstanding. As is the tilapia appetizer. the naan with nuts and dried fruit is to die for, the other bread isn't as impressive. It's not very spicy, though you can ask them to turn up the heat and they will.
And it's cheap, and the service is really nice (if not very professional).
Overall, Tiffin is simply a great neighborhood spot.I was so scared of Indian food - but when I heard how amazing Tiffin was about twice a day from clients and neighbors, I figured I had to try it. SOOOOOOOOO YUMMY!!!!!!!  My boyfriend and I ordered Butter Chicken and Chicken Tikka Masala.  They were both delicious, but very very very very similar.  The naan was amazing, and the mango lassi was delish.  I am now addicted to Tiffin.I love Tiffin. I haven't yet had a vegetarian dish I didn't devour.Very good food.  Love the lamb curry and the tandoori chicken.  Tandoori chicken does have a little more heat than I'm used to, but I like it.  Naan is great, especially the garlic naan.  Love all the different dipping sauces that come with your meals.  One thing I wasn't thrilled with, and forgive me for not knowing the authentic name for this, is the yogurt sauce that I use to cool off some of the spicier foods.  Its a little watery for my taste.  Small place, inexpensive, good food, give it a shot if you like Indian food!Crazy good Indian food... Highly recommend the Chicken Korma and the Saag Paneer. The Saag has a smoky flavor that I have not encountered from other restaurants. I suspect they may have a wood stove of some sort that they cook certain dishes over. That, or I am a total idiot... maybe both. 
Only complaint is that all of their chicken dishes are made with white/breast meat only. As a dark meat fan, I'd love to have my Tikka Masala, or Korma prepared with thigh meat. Don't get me wrong, this complaint is minor. This food is INSANELY good and I HIGHLY recommend their full menu.Good food, delivery is consistent.
Sometimes Tikka Masala a bit dry, but mostly due to them using actual chicken breast and not other parts - so it's 4 stars until that is fixed.
Other dishes are great - have to get the Tandoori Chicken and Lamb Vindalu.
All the vegeterian dishes we tried are great as wellSuper awesome local spot for quick nibbles, I LOVE Tiffin! Their meal options are a wonderfully affordable option for the pick-uper. DO NOT order delivery, even though I am 7 minutes away it took nearly 55 minutes plus the delivery driver did not have change to give me (had to leave a banging tip) on multiple experiences. Just pick it up!Good Indian food.  They have several locations, this is their newest in West Mt. Airy. 
They have a real good lunch special that includes a Samosa, Main meal and Nann; $9 for vegetarian & $11 for non vegetarian.
Typical Indian dishes.  Reasonably priced.  No buffet, as in many of the Indian Restaurants in the area.
I had the Malai Kofta; Indian Cheese Balls in Cashew sauce.  When I first had these, in another of their locations, they were great.  They seem to have changed the recipe, as they were only fair, although the Cashew Sauce was great.
Good, inexpensive lunch special!  Try it if you're in the neighborhood.Great food and great service. We love the black lentil Dahl. Love this is a BYOB and that the dishes are large enough that we end up with leftovers.This was one of the best Indian meals I've ever had. Aside from the rice, which seemed a bit dried out, the rest of the food was fantastic. The appetizer I had, aloo papri chatt, was out of this world. My partner had the vegetable samosas and we shared both appetzier. The samosas were also very good and the portions were large. I had the chicken korma and my partner had the saag paneer and both of us were very pleased and stuffed. We couldn't eat it all, and we're both good eaters. The naan was warm and fresh and delicious. The staff all have problems speaking  English clearly, but they were efficient and attentive and pleasant enough. I will definitely go back for more.Just ordered takeout.
My wife had chicken tikka masala, and it was very good.
The samosas were also quite good.
I had lamb biryani, and it was bad.  I know this as a wonderfully fragrant rice-based dish, but this it was not.  It consisted of a quart of rice, a few lumps of boiled lamb, and one smoked cardamom pod (I think).  I t was a real disappointment.  Luckily my wife let me finish her chicken.
I agree with another reviewer, that charging $2 for a single piece of naan takes chutzpah.
For sure there's better Indian food around Philadelphia.Didn't get a chance to eat - I showed up over an hour before they claim to close on Saturdays, but they chose not to seat me.  (First time I've been treated rudely at an Indian restaurant!)  Frankly, I didn't see anything about the place that would draw me back in for a second chance.Was excited when Tiffin first came to Mt Airy as we didn't have an Indian restaurant close by.  They were quite first when they first opened.  Now they are inconsistent at best.  Some times the food is pretty good, but often watery and bland AND, you don't know which you will get.  I've only had takeout, the staff is friendly enough and very little wait, but it will be. While befor I try it again!!Tiffin evidently has a brisk delivery business, but because of that service in the restaurant is ridiculously slow. Portions are generous.  Chicken dishes were dry in general; they taste as if the sauce had been prepared separately  and just poured over precooked chicken - no depth of flavor. Lamb chettinad reeked of coriander; made me think the coriander had been forgotten and added just before serving rather than having been properly cooked in the sauce. Chicken   kebab appetizer was so dry and so overloaded with garlic that it was inedible. Naan was delicious.  They are BYOB and very gracious with setting up the glasses. 
Tiffin gets many positive reviews, so maybe we went on an off night (we went on Sunday night).  But there are many better Indian restaurants nearby, so we won't be back.I have to update my Tiffin review. Over the last year we've taken to ordering delivery from Tiffin on a regular basis and I am completely hooked. I am in love with their kaju muttar paneer. Their saag paneer is wonderful. I found the sauce on their malai kofta not quite as good, but it may have just been an off night. My boyfriend's devoted to their chicken korma.
They always include dal and a selection of sauces and relishes to go along with the order and it's plenty of food for two meals.Chicken Korma and Butter Chicken are our faves - great flavors.  I found placing my order online made it easier and delivery about an hour.  If you are starving this is not the place to order take out - can take almost 2 hours on busy nights.Love this place!  Great food.  The service wasn't great but good enough that we'll return.  One of the servers suggested a special donut-like dessert that was delish!  We just moved to the area and will definitely return again soon.Very good food, that is all that's good about this place.
They run their business very poorly. About a year ago, it would take them 1.5-2 hours to deliver the food. 
My last 2 experiences, they took my order over the phone then called back 5 minutes later to cancel stating my residence is too far away. Perhaps you should say that from the beginning. It's a good thing I didn't give my credit number.
I am never ordering from here ever again, I don't care how good the food is. They don't deserve my hard earned money.We had the garlic naan, chicken Korma, and aloo Gobi (cauliflower  & potato)   We also had a divine samosa appetizer.  Perfect lunch on a damp, dreary day.  Can't wait to go back...it's as good as everyone says it is.Takeout from here makes my coworkers jealous. The sandwich-bringers have to watch me unpack my large white paper bag, filled with an aromatic entree, rice, naan, free dal, and an assortment of chutneys. Every dish I've had from here has been delicious (though not always first in its class), and I've found a new favorite (and guilty pleasure, admittedly) with the paneer tikka masala. Their mint chutney also curries favor with my taste buds for its flavor (pun intended, sorry).
If the price makes you want to hit up a buffet instead, just remember that it will make two good-sized meals.One of the best restaurants in Philly. Amazing food and good service. Love the channa masala, chicken tikka masala, and lamb ragonjosh.Inconsistent. 
Tonight was told there was no delivery person and so ordered from another restaurant only to have a delivery person from Tiffin show up 30 min later.Decent inexpensive Indian food. The naan comes with an assortment of chutneys (we ate in).I am not normally into indian food. However this place is exceptional. I ordered the chicken tikka masala, which was awesome. The onion bread we got as an appetizer was also quite Delish. Service was attentive but didn't bug you. My only complaint would be that they turn up the ac in the dining room. That place was an oven!While living in Philadelphia, this was absolutely one of my favorite little restaurants in Chestnut Hill/ Mt. Airy. Though take-out wait times could be long, and though the service was sometimes spotty, the food is always delicious, and reasonably priced as well!
It's BYOB, which is fantastic in and of itself.
Some of my favorites include the saag paneer, chicken korma, butter chicken, and lamb roganjosh, as well as the onion baji and samosas to start. The rice is always cooked well, as is the naan.
My heart aches a little bit when I think of about Tiffin beacuse it really makes me miss living in Philadelphia. Sigh.I've ordered from Tiffin three times - once delivery - showed up early (YAY!) - and twice I've picked up.  The food is always good and hot and 2/3rds of the time I feel like I'm getting a good value.
Since I'm vegetarianish right now at this second, I ordered vegetable biryani.  For   $12.50 I got a quart of long grain rice with peas, carrot shreds and peppercorns.  Lots and lots of spice - maybe $8.50 cents-worth.   
Since I'm impatient-ish all the time, I ordered & paid through grubhub then picked up the food, which should've taken 45 seconds at the counter, tops. This particular evening, there was a very pleasant, very young lady at the register.  My food sat in a bag behind her - my name big as a billboard on the printed-out grubhub receipt.  I told her my name, she looked at the computer, looked at the bag, looked at the register, asked me if I'd paid online, looked at the computer and finally released the quart of rice to my custody.    That wasn't a relationship-breaker, but it was annoying nonetheless.  They're around the corner and fairly good - I'll hang in there.wish i could give less than one star! To start they charged $2 for one darn piece of naan! Yes. $2 for one piece.  I've never been to a place in my life that called an order of naan one piece, ridiculous.  I ordered the Chix Tiki Masal and Lamb Rogan-josh.  Both had as much flavor as a mop fresh from the bucket.  ZERO flavor. 100% disappointment.  Won't be ordering from them again, EVEROverpriced mediocre Indian food.  I've ordered multiple dishes that have had ONE hunk of meat or paneer in them, and the staff gets irritated when you say anything about it.  If I'm paying over $10 for an entree, I expect more than one bite of protein.  They've also gotten really stingy with the condiments for take-out, only including enough extras for 1 entree, no matter how many we order.  Every time we've gotten take-out, they say give them 30 minutes, but we always wind up waiting another 20 when we get there.  Save your clams, don't go here.Horrible customer service, but food was delicious. That's the only reason they get 3 stars.. Also, the place was super hot. They didn't have any AC smh. Probably won't go back.It says online that they are open until 11 and that is a LIE! My boyfriend and I went here on Saturday night and they close at 10 and we walked in at 946 and they would not seat us! Absolutely ridiculous!I heard good "things" about Tiffin and thought I would try it.
Honestly I don't understand why so many people like this place.  It is terrible.  
The service is lousy and the food is mediocre at best.  
I ordered the samosas and they were not fully cooked.
The chicken vindaloo was boring and uninspired.
I AM NEVER GOING BACK.  AWFUL.The food is amazing! The service is... less amazing. My order was wrong the last two times, but I ate it anyway because everything is delicious. Just good to know.Eh, I've been 'around the Indian food block' a couple more times and I've come to love Tiffin again.  It could be better -- they've taken after another place in the area and begun spicing to your specifications, which just seems inauthentic to me -- but the paneer tikka masala (or 'butter paneer masala') sauce is so lovely that I don't even care anymore.  Yum.
Also: dessert naan with coconut?  AWESOME!Food was delicious!  Very flavorful and tasty, had the lamb bhuna and korma.  Only one con - they don't have desserts!  My bf and I were looking forward to rice pudding but were disappointed.  
Will DEFINITELY return!This used to be my favorite Indian restaurant in Philly but the quality has gone way down hill. Food is now bland and overpriced. Service is very slow and things are constantly missing or wrong with takeout/delivery orders. Not sure what happened to this place.My wife and I enjoy the food from Tiffin, and would like to be more frequent customers, but the service is regularly terrible. I realize they are busy on weekends, but all I ask for is a realistic wait time for pick up. They consistently state pick-up times of 20-30 minutes, and then the food isn't ready 50 minutes later, but they're working on they last item. 
That said, both the Butter Chicken and Tikka Masala are delicious.I think that the managers of TIffin have been reading the reviews because: the service was great tonight, there were table cloths on the tables and we didnt have to wait long/at all for a table.  We ordered samosas for the appetizer, I have had better sold to me at an Indian grocery in University City.  I would agree with another reviewer that the samosas are a bit dry.  The main dishes were all great though even if I would have preferred a bit more heat.  
All in all we will be back and it is great to have an Indian restaurant in our neck of the woods.  
In regards to this place being wheelchair accesible I would say no because there is a step up to get in so you would need help in order to enter the building.We've been eating Indian food for decades.  I've had great, good and awful experiences.  Our family has even traveled to India and feel we have a good palate for this cuisine. Sadly, I won't recommend this Indian restaurant.  The food is consistently inconsistent.  We continue to give them a chance to redeem themselves over the past four years, as we live local, but food is always over or under spiced.  The prices are far too high for the quality, and the fried pakoras are typically fried in dirty oil.  (The oily taste is one indicator of this). Just not a good buy for the money.  We will not be regulars going forward, even if this is one of two Indian options in the hood.  For good Indian food head to West Philly.Absolutely delicious food! The Chicken Tikka Masala is addictive. Pick out a yummy naan also, you really can't go wrong with either of them. I docked a star because the cashiers are rude and I have had a coupon for ages but no matter what day or time I try to use it, it doesn't apply.I had the paneer tikka masala and it was quite delicious. It wasn't spicy and they didn't ask for a spice level, so I'm inclined to think their foods are all on the mild side compared to some Indian restaurants.  We also had garlic naan which was good. The prices are average to high for the type of restaurant. This isn't a classy joint where you'd take a date, but great for a night you're too tired to cook and want to grab something nearby. Our service was prompt and friendly. I'll go back again!I was delighted to hear that we would be getting some more variety in our dining options when Tiffin opened, although the Hamlet Bistro, which had previously occupied their space will be missed.
I've never been disappointed with their food, though the service can sometimes be very slow on a busy night. The seating arrangement in this place could also be improved upon... If you're dining there it can sometimes feel like you have someone looking over your shoulder. No, I'm not paranoid- there is usually someone standing literally over our shoulders as we eat- since the take-out/waiting area is in the middle of the restaurant! There is also the awkward shuffle of people trying to make their way to the back of the room to pick-up their take-out bags. This is why we usually only order delivery from here now.
As for food, there are options to please everyone from vegetarians to beefsteaks [errr- excuse me, I mean those that like meat! ;^) ]. One of my favorite dishes here is the 'aloo papri chaat' or what I like to call 'Indian nachos.' I don't know why this isn't on more Indian menus, but the freshness of the yogurt, onions, chickpeas and green (cilantro?) sauce over lentil wafers is addictive, and worth ordering on every trip.Tiffin used to be my go-to place for Indian. On our prior order, they forgot something.   We ordered last night and it was just lame.  The chicken was incredibly dry and flavorless, the korma sauce tasteless.  The paneer was dry and tasted off -- and the chunks are always gigantic as if it's just too tedious to cut it to the proper size.  Very disappointing.Tiffin has a great reputation in the city.  I've had their delivery service many times and enjoyed service at the Wynnewood location several times over the last year.  I expected the standard to be maintained across establishments.  So, I decided to order take out for me and the lady friend for Sunday dinner and HBO night.
We ordered by phone.  We were told that our meal would be ready in 25 minutes.  At the 20 minute mark, I drove to the location and picked up my food.  It was ready and hot.  The restaurant itself is smaller than I expected, but it's quaint and also a BYOB.
The food itself was good, but I don't think the prices were appropriate for the portions received.  Then again, where in Philadelphia can you get reliably decent Indian take out.We frequent this Tiffin and we love this Tiffin.  
So, it feels like you're eating a great Indian meal in someone's house.  It's such a small space, but yet you don't feel like you're having your space invaded.  The naan bread, the chicken tikka masala and the dhaba chicken are all so good you'll try to eat all of it in one sitting and then feel bad about yourself for the rest of the night because you ate enough food to sink a ship and drank an entire bottle of red wine in just over an hour ( it's BYO!!!!! WOOOHOOO!!).
The service is always attentive and who doesn't love Mt. Airy?I've had Tiffin a couple of times.  The first time was... ok.  The food was decent, but the tables were small and too close to each other. Plus the wait time was excessive.  
The second time I just ordered garlic naan to go.  I was going to make butter chicken at home, but didn't have the time to mix and knead the dough to make the naan myself like I usually do.  I was going to pass near there anyway so I called and placed my order a half hour ahead of time.  Surely that would be enough time for them to have some naan prepared.  Guess not, I had to wait out in my car for another 20 minutes before it was ready.  
The naan couldn't have even been recognized as that.  It was almost burned and entirely covered with giant chunks of garlic.  Now I love garlic in almost everything, but that was waaaaaay too much and it had a funny smell. Even after scraping it all off, the naan was still too foul to eat.  I kicked myself for spending about $10 for something that I could have made worlds better for 50 cents and threw it all in the garbage.  
Anybody who likes this place must be Indian food novices.  There are plenty of other places around that are much better.  I urge these people to seek them out.This is our go to place for an excellent take out meal...  Has been a transition ordering from the mount airy Tiffin as they're not quite as consistent as the Wynnewood restaurant but the fact that they deliver makes up for it!  It's "american-ized" Indian food that is scrumptious!  Chik Tikka Masala, Butter Chicken, Saag Paneer, Aloo Gobhi all big hits in my home!!Shame on this place.  Five micro cubes of chicken in the $13 chicken tikka masala.  Not much flavor either.  I felt like I was playing Where's Waldo in the curry looking for the chicken.  A disgrace!