I ordered delivery from here 3 times when I wanted sushi, all 3 times the delivery guy instead of knocking or ringing the doorbell just...opened my front door, which scared me to death, another time I waited over 2 hours for my food...and old sushi is not good sushi. Maybe its better to sit and eat at, I only used their delivery service and likely won't be doing so again. But generally speaking they are fine.Update after initial review:  ordered again last night using the yelp eat24 app. Food was ready within 10 minutes of placing the order. I opted for pickup since I was on my way home. The app did not give them my correct phone # and speaking to the great staff at the reception desk they told me sometimes yelp gets the addresses wrong for delivery so my advice is to type your phone # and address (if using delivery) into the comments box just so you get your food as fast as they intend to get it to you. 
This is the best place for sushi in the area. We have frequented other sushi places and this one by far stands above the rest. Was happy to see Saturday night was very busy for them, and my takeout was still ready in under 10 minutes!!By far the best place in the northeast and not over price, great show, best hibachi I've even been to. The atmosphere is amazing and everyone is so welcoming. I alway try to go here any chance I get.Food good steak and chicken well cooked. Hibachi chef put on a great show.when they say to try to catch saki as they squeeze it out of a bottle it is real saki.The setting is great, has a modern feel to it. The food is pretty good some of it is a bit spicy. The reason I'm giving it such a low rating is because the waiters there are extremely rude, don't clean, and demand you tip them more after already leaving a 20% tip.had a nice time there, the sashimi plate is nicely decorated, it's ART!
the price is not bad for the food.
Look at its artistic interior design, it's amazing in this area, 
could definitely beat other places even located in Center city.This is my favorite sushi restaurant in the city.  They are one of the few that offer a huge array of appetizers.  Check out the lovers triangle and the ahi tuna pizza.  the Toro tartar is awesome as well.  I tell everyone I know who likes sushi to go there and enjoyI love this place, friendly staff, the food is good, service was quick whenever I was here and the cooks are pretty funny....can be a bit pricy though.Went last night with a group of 10. Service was excellent, food was great, and the hibachi chef was great! Highly recommend this place to everyone!Another great meal at Tokai.  Chef David made some amazing creations. 
Loved everything.I have always been enjoying hibachi at this place with large groups of friends. Today was my first time "seat at the table with a menu" dinner and it was an excellent one. The presentation, the food quality, very friendly staff. I highly recommend Sashimi Deluxe, Tokai Sashimi Salad, Roasted duck (and probably everything else on the menu). My mom for not being a big fan of spicy foods loved Curry Seafood combo. Will certainly be going back to To Kai.Best sushi anywhere. Made me into a sushi snob. Better than places in bucks county and Philadelphia center city. Jay - owner and sushi chef is true artist.The hibachi experience is amazing! The place get pretty crowded, expect long waits if you have no appointments on the weekend nights.Not good for delivery. Food was cold and soggy. I ordered the salmon bento and stir fry soft shell crab. Horrible. Threw most of it away. Now looking for something else for dinner.Very fun habachi location, the chefs are very animated and interactive. Great spot for birthdays especially if your looking to draw insane amounts of attention to the birthday guest. Food was also tasty.Family and I came here to try To-Kai because it was part of the UPromise Dining rewards Program.  Although pricey, we were hapy to find a new place to make it a regular in our list of restaurants.  The food for the family is below:
Japanese Mojito: 5 Stars.  Refreshing and not too stiff!  I probably could have had many of these, but stuck with one.
3 piece Dumpling Soup: 2 Stars.  Bland, dumplings I could find anywhere, did not finish.
Mango Soft Shell Crab Salad:  5 Stars.  The best food of the night.  The description is Mango, Crab Meat, Seaweed Salad, Lettuce, Avocado Salad and Masago on the Bottom, Whole Soft Shell Crab on Top.  This could have been a meal by itself.  Extremely tasty and just the right amount of sizzling crab on top with an amazing sauce.
Duck Rolls: 4 Stars.  Wonderful with no grease taste - Deep Fried Roasted Duck and Taro Finished with Sweet Soy and Honey Wasabi Sauce.  I expected duck meat pieces, but it was more of a hamburger meat texture.  Still, very tasty!
I Phone 4S Roll: 3 Stars.  Felt like it was warmer-than-room temperature which was a bit off putting.  Also, I had so much food that I probably did not enjoy it as much as I should have.  Crunchy Spicy Crab with Seared Sea Scallop on top.  
Teriyaki Bento Box Salmon:  3 Stars.  Comes with Salad, Soup, Rice, California Roll, Shrimp Tempura, Shumai, Fruit.  Wife said there was too much tempura in the box with the vegetables, and did not finish it.  However, the salmon was very tasty, and she did not like the California Roll.  Fruit was 1/2 an orange.  The tempura shrimp was really nice, though.
Overall, it came to $96 for 2 adults and 1 kid including tip, so for lunch this was expensive!  There are a lot of choices, so I'll be back to try others.  They have a hibachi on the one side which I'd like to try, too.  To-Kai also has 6 party tray specials from $34 to $80 for catering!
Service for our empty restaurant was ok.  Too long to take our orders; just right to get the food and drinks.We visited To Kai twice.  The first time we were blown away.  The second time it was merely alright.  I think consistency is a sign of a great restaurant.  These guys still have to work on it, but there's a promise.  The rolls are innovative, but their names are annoying (BMW roll, Lexus roll).  I kept wanting to ask where's the Audi and Mercedes rolls.  I would give them another chance.I gave this place another shot because the sushi is pretty good and they have a bar which is a plus. However, this is the second time I had hair in my food and they refuse to take responsibility for it. Both waitresses came back to make excuses rather than take responsibility of serving food with hair. The management did not approach us at all and said they would take the item off the check, though they normally wouldn't do that because I ate most of it!! I was beyond furious with the service because of course I would not eat any if that was the first piece I ate. This establishment needs better hygiene and better service.Can't say this place isn't to bad. tried a few of the signature and was pleased. the portion size is average.  Did a pick up and the food was ready when I arrived.Fantastic place. Been here probably 50 times and never had bad service or food.  Can not recommend this place enough! As long as you don't mind the Russian patrons loudly speaking in Russian. I usually get the Hibachi Emperor dinner (filet/shrimp), always top notch! (A bit of advice, order the meal without garlic, they like to go heavy on the garlic on the fried rice) Great drinks here too!My family has been to To-Kai many times. It is family friendly and the food is excellent. The ambiance is not great and the place could be a little cleaner and definitely needs an update but if you are going for the food you will not be disappointed.Great sushi place. A lot of variety to pick from. A bit  on the pricier side but it's worth it. They deliver as well.It was okay. I had Kobe beef app. It's not that good for the price. The blue fin tuna sushi was good. I had two pieces of that. I also got the Russian dream roll. I actually didn't like that. However the sushi chef made me a roll on the house which I was though was nice but it had eel on top and I don't really like eel. I probably wouldn't go back to this spot. There are a bunch of other sushi places to try.Food decent. Not as much of family feel as was before. Have spent thousands over the years. Even had event there. When used pre-pay order online for 55.00 order today, hostess told me I owed $1.00 for extra masago. Miss the old crew.Amazing sushi here. Definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a great place to eatThe food is good but I think they need to get with the pricing. There are a ton of other sushi places that have better customer service and is half the price. The quality is better, which is why I'm giving 3 stars but I think that they aren't doing enough for their long time customers.Food was pretty good. Service was a huge issue. Server was nice. My tables food came out at different times and apart of my dinner came a Minimum 25 minutes after the rest of it. When I told her I don't want it I assume her manager said he has to take it. So they forced me to take it home and made me pay for it. Just poor management for a $13 sushi roll. Won't go back due to the incident bc they were obviously at fault but had 0 intentions to correct their mistake.The majority of my family lives out in Huntingdon Valley and the Northeast, so we frequent To-kai for a lot of birthdays. We love this place. I've been here approximately 7 or 8 times, and I have had great service and very decent sushi each time. I live in center city, and I can honestly say that this sushi is much better than MANY of the sushi places in the city.  I'm a huge sushi fan and typically order all sushi, but the some of my family members love their entrees. The ambiance is nice, and the restaurant is spacious and very accommodating for larger groups. I would definitely recommend To-Kai.My family and I went to their hibachi dinner tonight. We got steak, shrimp, salmon and chicken and everything was excellent. The cook put on an awesome show. The whole family really enjoyed the entertainment provided by the cook while preparing our food and had a lot of fun. 
I would recommend this place to everyone!! Great food and great service!!Always get the sushi boats here. Their sushi taste pretty good not the best,, but still delicious.. I also i love their fried ice cream :) It is pricey but its a nice place to bring your familyConsidering that it's located in a strip mall in NE Philly, To-Kai exceeded my expectations. 
Specialty rolls are kind of expensive but for $15, you can get a sushi combo with 3 simple rolls, miso soup + salad. 
Service was great and pours were large!Ive going to go ahead and be "that" person, but I am not a fan. my rolls were mushy and fell apart and my sushi rice was dry. Maybe it was just a bad day, but I will not be back. And it is verrrrrry expensive!What started out as a back up plan, turned into not only a great experience but an incredible meal. My family of very picky eaters all found something to eat. Even though we came in at the end of the night we didn't feel rushed and still received a great show by our hibachi chef Ben. We will definitely be coming back here.I came here for hibachi and got fried ice cream for dessert. The staff are friendly and the food was pretty decent. The other members of my party thought it was a bit too salty, but that can be adjusted by telling the chef.  The fried ice cream was also very nicely decoratedOne of the best Sushi joints in NE Philly. When they first opened years ago, my experiences there were a bit spotty. However, countless lunches and dinners over the past three years have been consistently good.I never noticed this spot, thank God for yelp lol. They are very clean, bring you warm napkins to clean your hands before meal. I did not eat on the hibachi side, I had sushi and it was very good! No complaints.Can't improve on the sashimi bustleton & Russian rolls..10 piece and a real feast-just get ready for a $50'lunch . Why pay $20 to park in town?My son is a big fan. The food was prepared well and the service was fine. I think every Hibachi is expensive this is no different. If you enjoy this type of food I would recommend it.Been here a handful of times.  It was very good when it first opened.  Their quality has gone down since. It Is still the best sushi place in the Northeast.  All their special rolls are delicious. Their service is excellent. They have the best lunch selection in the area and excellent to entertain clients.This was a decent meal. I was more happy with the appeptizer and the cocktails than the actual meal. I have a zombie cocktail which was kinda sweet but tasty and had a kick, it was a mix of light and dark rums I believe. I think the choice of food makes me give the place 3/4 stars. I ordered a sashimi roll which is like a sushi roll without rice. It is not something I would order again. We did enjoy our appetizer which was a scallop roll.This restaurant was so good and so much fun! The hibachi dinner came with a lot of food too. It was really cool to see them cook in front of you! One negative was that they rush you when it comes to ordering.. I'm guessing because it's hibachi and they try to cook everyone's entrees at the same time at your table. The family sitting next to us were already ordered and when we came in our waitress was really pushing us to order quickly. Other than that it was a great time!I first went to To KAi a week ago , a friend recommended to go that the sushi was amazing there. I had 3 different signature rolls they were really fresh and tasty.  I must say I was not disappointed at all. Food was great service was great so I decided to return back again yesterday to try out their Hibatchi Tables since I'm the only one that really likes sushi. Food was great I had the sea bass and shrimp combo and it was really good. Its a small place but the staff there are really friendly. I even made a reservation online and was sat immediately down when I walked in. It wasn't too crowded it really doesn't look like you would expect much from the outside, but it was a win for me. "I guess you really cant judge a book by its cover." It also has convenient parking and BYOB- they charge a $5.00 bottle charge. they also have a full bar menu to purchase there.I love this resturant !... Usually do delivery 2-3x a week from here and I always order their whole fried red snapper which comes with sushi rice , meso soup, salad and a chili sauce that's delicious. They are a bit pricey. Oh yeah I also order from them the golden fried soft shell crab, chocolate cake with ice cream and mucho ice cream.  I'm so happy that they deliver and I would recommend them to others.Sake Sake Sake Sake
Two things in life that were made to go together are sake and sushi. This place has both. I have been to this place twice and i am a huge fan of the place. On both occasions i had the same waiter and as soon as i walked in the door which was about a month apart from the last time i was there, she recognized me right away and i got a nice seat right at the bar. Withing a minute of sitting down she already had the same bottle of sake i had last time ready for me. 
The atmosphere from the outside reminds me of a fast food Chinese restaurant but when you walk in it is completely different. Dim lighting and very nice oriental decor really make the place feel comfortable. Within the place they have a sushi bar and a hibachi grill if your in the mood for some fun. 
On to the sushi. It is fantastic. Really well seasoned rice and very fresh fish bring a smile to my face with each bite. You know its good sushi when you don't even have to use the soy sauce to season your roll. 
I have no yet tasted anything on their regular menu but from talking to a couple regulars as i was eating my sushi i was told that it is the best Japanese cuisine in the northeast. Good food in northeast Philadelphia is hard to come by so i am hoping i stumbled upon a jem. So all i can really recommend is the sushi but it is something i highly recommend.The absolute best sushi place in Philadelphia! 
Have tried most of the spots in the Philadelphia and suburb area and To Kai no doubt beats all of those places!  
I have been coming here for years now and the staff and the food hasn't disappointed once! 
They truly have the friendliest staff and most importantly the most delicious and freshest sushi! 
The head chef, Jay, even came to my house to cater a party and prepare all the sushi and sashimi right in front of my guest! 
This is truly a top notch place! 
A must go if you haven't been!When it first opened, I was here on several occasions and enjoyed it, so much so that I told my friends to go this place. The last time I went with my friend, I found a hair in my sushi roll and I told my waitress. We were seated in the booth where we can see the kitchen door directly straight from our seats. She looked at me and said there was no hair (without looking at the roll); I told her to look at it and she did and gave me an attitude, and took the roll to the kitchen - which would not have been odd, if it weren't  for the fact that she came right back out with the same plate a minute later and came to our table. ONLY THING DIFFERENT ABOUT THIS PLATE WAS THAT THE HAIR WAS TAKEN OFF. I was astonished!! I told her that I would not eat it and that I would like to speak to the manager. The manager came and told me that I was wrong and that it was my hair and that they should not have to make it again. They did, but they DID NOT TAKE IT OFF THE BILL.Best Sushi place in northeast philly. Me and my friend are their customers since they open, and we love this place. Food is fresh and delicious. Try baked mussels and crispy spicy tuna roll!I decided to give this place a try despite the mixed reviews. I'm so glad I did! Who knew that good food actually exists in NE Philly?! We tried 3 rolls, the kani salad, and the chicken udon. Everything we had was delicious. The sushi was really fresh and the udon was super flavorful. The modern decor and dim lighting was also a nice surprise. The staff was friendly and attentive. I am definitely coming back!Beautiful atmosphere, great staff and I believe it's the best Sushi in town!! Everytime I go the food is always fresh :-)Came for dinner on a Sunday night and it was very crowded.  Got a table and the four of us ordered different things. Best if the lot was the lamb chops. Will get them the next time I am here. The miso soup was warming and good. Different sushis good.  Sashimi ok.  Didn't get much of it so I can't really say. I had a bento box   Not a fan of the tempura mystery veggies.  Guess I won't get that again. All in all. It was a pleasant night with familyI love this place. They always go above and beyond to make sure everything is good. Very attentive, entertaining and food is delicious. My kids love it here even though we've seen the hibachi show 20 times. A birthday dinner favorite!!Sushi is the best,  rolls are packed tight and really nicely displayed.  Baked mussel is my all time favorite.  This place never disappoints.  Waiters are friendly and food comes out in a timely manner.  Have taken a lot of people here and they all enjoyed it.Overpriced and underfished.
The place still has the feel of chinese restaurant.Best sushi spot in Philadelphia, we have been to them all, the quality of the food is top notch. Get the "Lexus" sushmi roll you won't be disappointed!I give this establishment a 0 star rating. My family and i were terribly received at approximately 9pm there was still more than a hour left of business operations and i was informed upon walking in that "we have to know what we want due to the kitchen closing early"  when i asked for a Maneger i was told by the unprofessional rude and non English speaking attendees that there was no one of higher authority in the facility and they could not provide me the supervisor contact info. Unless you are caucasian or Asian you will be treated like ROSA PARKS at the least they will out you to sit by the restroom. (Back of the bus).An hour later, still waiting for my grubhub ordered  $30 meal to be delivered 10 blocks away. They make some great stuff here, presented very well, but over priced. When you see the portion of sea bass you'll get it.Sushi is really good and always fresh. They use some weird oil for hibachi rice though. It tastes unpleasant like lard or some animal fat.This place has the best sashimi and sashimi rolls! Everything is fresh, cut properly. Their fresh wasabi is unlike anything elsewhere-delicious! We come here from center city, because their sashimi is better than what we've had down here-prices are also better than we've had here. We either get the sashimi deluxe which is served on crushed ice or the sashimi rolls......don't listen to the negative reviewers. This place is great!Definitely a gem in the Northeast Philly eating scene! I love their presentation and have always had really great service here. Will definitely come back! Try their pineapple fried rice! Love their rolls too!Food was fantastic! Go with a group and save some cash. $100.60 for 5 entrees, 4 fountain sodas, 2 beers, soup, salad, and ice cream. Are you kidding me? Whoever said this place was very expensive must be very poor. If To-Kai was sitting out in the suburbs, I'd easily expect to pay double what we paid last night.  
I don't do sushi, so I can't speak to that, but the Hibachi-style grill was amazing!  When he spun the eggs around with the spatula, I could not believe my eyes.  I recommend the steak and shrimp, but my friends all said the salmon was fantastic, as well.
Also, the next table had a birthday celebration.  Let me just say that they go above and beyond a few waitresses mumbling "happy, happy birthday from all of us to you."
Looks like nothing special from the outside (it's in a strip mall/ shopping plaza) but inside it was very nice.  Highly recommend - I will return soon!their lunch specials are great.  3 rolls for $11.  the bento box is great too.  the look the decor and seating are top notch.  i am happy to have such a place in the northeast and not overpriced center city.I was genuinely surprised and not surprised with my experiences at To-Kai. The oyster shooters were by far the best shooters that I've had in a long time (surprised). There raw oyster was balanced with the right amount of alcohol. I was warned ahead of time that sushi rolls were not that impressive, but I ordered a special roll anyways. Let's just say I was not impressed (not surprised). A heavy reliance on sauces, and the seaweed used to wrap the roll was not crispy. When ordering sushi here, one should request for fresh wasabi (surprised). This isn't readily available everywhere, and it adds a different kind of heat to the sushi. 
In all honesty, if you're going to To-Kai you should just order everything from its Appetizers section and just disregard everything else, but even the Appetizer section can leave you wanting more. The tuna pizza was thoroughly enjoyed at my table, but personally, there was once again a heavy reliance on sauce for this app. The kani salad was really good - refreshing with a nice kick. The avocado blossom was the highlight for me. It packed some nice flavors while maintaining some textural components (everything was just mush). The baked mussels were so-so. The quality of the mussels played a big part on why I didn't like them. The mussels were just so small and then you add a bunch of stuff on top and bake it; the results are over-cooked, shriveled mussels with too much toppings.I have been coming here for years and its one of the top 3 sushi places in the northeast area. First of all the fish is very fresh and its good quality.  The menu is split into 2 parts; regular and special.... You can have regular sushi for a very fair price.... For lunch they have a special : 3 rolls, soup and salad for $11.99 which is a great deal.  The other part of the menu is very high end... Very good special rolls but premium priced.  My favorite is the special spicy tuna roll mostly because it has fish, sea weed, and no rice.   The menu is filled with pictures and all kinds of great selections.  They also have a hibachi and a back room for large parties.  They have a bar and allow BYOB for a cork fee.  Great service too!  I will keep coming back.Pretty expensive for no reason when it comes to the sushi. They should def start to re-price and also elect a 50% off menu in order to stay competitive in the area. Better to go down to Verree and Red Lion for Wasabi if anything.I don't eat sushi - but my son does, and he loves it.  I DO like their mango chicken and chicken pad thai.  Service is usually quick.Went here last week and the food turned out great. I ordered the Chilean sea bass and it was really fresh. I enjoyed the Hibachi show a bit, but no matter how many times I go to a Hibachi... I still can't get used to the concept that someone is playing with my food. All in all it was a great place. I would recommend it, but if you're not into the food play concept there are regular dining tables away from the action.This place needs to be avoided..my friend and I went there Friday night for dinner to check out the place... Upon arriving we were seated in a dark dingy booth near the front entrance with old food under the booth not picked up ... The menus the servers gave us were greasy and unorganized... We were not happy as the place did not look clean...
Even with all that as I read the good reviews we were going to try the food out... the whole time we were seated there was a SCREAMING infant in the isle next to ours... I asked the server what are the parents going to do to try to quiet their child.. He laughed and did not answer.. 5 minutes later after the non stop screaming I again asked the server is this the way we are going to eat out meals?? Why is there no one able to stop the baby from crying?? the server then said that they were almost done their food so maybe they will leave soon...
at this point my friendt and I left and went to one of the other Japanese restaurants on Street Road in Bensalem.. this was a longer drive for us , but well worth the piece of mind .. This other place (shogun) was not the best food I ever ate, but the place was clean and not as noisy even with at least 50 more diners eating dinner near us...(no screaming infants)
I will not return to To-Kai , as there are many other better restaurants  to spend my time and money...I am far from a sushi expert, but even I know there is better out there... even in NE Philly!  Oh and their prices certainly won't draw you in.  
Yes, they have hibachi.  Unfortunately, they don't exactly put on much of a show.  What can I say, I was either spoiled by some great hibachi chefs or just have high minimum standards.  Other than offering chilean sea bass, there isn't much I can hype up about their hibachi.
On the bright side, service was above average.  I was here for a congratulations party for a co-worker getting promoted.  We probably had 12 people and they gave us a hibachi table (two grills) to ourselves.  They offered suggestions, helped us pass around our apps, and allowed us to eat sushi in the hibachi section.  They were attentive without being annoying.  If their food matched the service, we'd be talking a 4 or 5-star review.I live in San Francisco, California where great sushi is plentiful but no one makes sashimi rolls like this place. I look forward to coming here every time I'm in Philly and it's the only place I request as a must visit during any of my trips! The creative decor and presentation are an added bonus to their delicious food.  I wish I could order delivery to SF!Hands down best local sushi in the northeast. So good and worth the cost. New York sashimi is a fav!Good sushi, poor customer service.  Ordered a delivery order that totaled more than $70 - it took over an hour and a half to get here, and when I called the restaurant for an update, I kept getting voicemail.  I can handle an order being late, but no call or response to my calls is bad business.  Won't order from here again.. I live in South Philly, but work in the Northeast and let me tell you this place has the Best Sushi in the whole city. They just recently opened a huge hibachi section as well. Haven't tried it but I'm sure it rules. If you live in the Northeast and you like Japanese food this will quickly become your favorite place to eat. And if you live anywhere else and you don't mind driving, this is a surprising gem in the most unlikely of spots.Good atmosphere, and it's a very clean restaurant. The food is delicious, staff are very pleasantgood sushi but poorly made. everything was falling off and I use chopsticks all my life  and have been eating sushi for years.We love this place it was perfect and entertaining the food was very good too. We will definitely be back and tell our family and friends about it.The sushi here is awesome!!! I suggest trying the California  sushi box and the Avocado blossom!!!It's my favorite Sushi restaurant, hands down!
I go there at least once a week, and have become familiar with the service staff and chefs.  
Their delectable fresh sushi rolls and sashimi are exceptionally prepared dishes that show a high degree of finesse and attention to detail.  I have also enjoyed their beef and seafood dishes.  The friendly service and restaurant ambiance make this place a perfect spot for lunch or dinner.  
A good sign of a great Sushi place is the crowd that is willing to wait for a table.  Usually, there are people at the entrance waiting for a table during the evenings I've eaten there. If the Sushi isn't really good and the service really poor, a place like this wouldn't have survived as it has.  It looks to me that they're not going out of business anytime soon! 
As a return customer, I can say there hasn't been a day I've left disappointed at the service or food.  This is my kind of place.
I recommend it!Must go for lunch special- bento box with an assortment of things like sushi, and dumplings for only 9 dollars. The other menu prices are a bit high- and they don't have specials which isn't too great like their competitors.I recently ordered from To-Kai for the first time as a departure from my normal sushi place. While the experience was alright, I wasn't too impressed with the food. However, they were very polite and informative on the phone and my food was delivered very quickly.
I ordered their steak and shrimp hibachi dinner. The price for the meal, while quite a bit higher than I generally pay, wasn't a deterrent. INITIALLY.
When I opened the order, the small amount of food I saw made me feel as though I had been ripped off. The shrimp were small. The steak was tough, though seasoned well and the rice was incredibly hard for some reason. In retrospect, I'm quite glad they didn't give me more rice.
Their gyoza was perfect though. However, considering the price of the meal - I should have enjoyed more than the gyoza.Our go-to hibachi place near Lower Moreland Township, fresh food and entertaining chefs, which is what hibachi is all about. Enjoy a Belly Roll, my favorite signature roll as an appetizer. The staff is friendly, and get there early as it will get busy.