Just ok.  I've been here twice before for the hibachi and it was good not great.  Not a huge fan of the soup here.  Salad was good but too much dressing, like swimming in it.  This past visit we sat a table instead and ordered some sushi.  Sushi was enjoyable, but my fiance ordered two different rolls and they literally looked identical.  I'm not sure they didn't just give her two of the same roll.  I ordered the hibachi chicken from the table and I was disappointed.  Everything had a very funny after-taste to it.  Almost like soapy or rubbery.  I'm not saying it always tastes this way, because it does not, but I wasn't able to enjoy this meal.  We were the first ones in that night and maybe they had just cleaned the grill and it still has some soap on it? I don't know what else to think.  The dessert menu doesn't offer a whole lot either.
This was a bad experience, but like I said I've been here two other times and enjoyed my meal so there is a chance I will go back again.  This review is based strictly on my this past visit.Went here with a Groupon. Not a bad place overall, but not stellar either.
Even though I ordered Hibachi, because I was by myself, I didn't get the Hibachi table or show. Ordered Spicy Yellow Tail roll ($7) along with the combination Filet Mignon and lobster plate ($33). It came with a salad and miso soup. The salad dressing was very tasty. The sushi roll was not that great. It was 6 average sized pieces, loaded with deep fried crispy crap filler and wasn't spicy. For the main dish, both the lobster and the steak was overcooked. 
Service was good from my perspective and waitress was friendly. Although a neighboring table kept flagging the waitress over to refill waters which is what led to mine being filled. Not sure how to rate that. It was annoying for the guy to scream across the room every 5 minutes about his water. 
Interior looks nice and there are a variety of seating options from regular tables, to Japanese cross legged tables, to Hibachi. 
The bathroom toilet looked like it hadn't been cleaned since 1993. 
Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 4 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 4 Star 
Clean Bathroom = 2 Star
$10 minimum credit card purchase.This place needs to do a better job with first impressions.  Its above another restaurant and the store front is not inviting at all.  
We went there with a $30 living social voucher, not expecting much.  However, the amount of sushi we got for the voucher was really impressive.  Its not 'cheap' sushi in a scary way... But our $$$ seemed to go far.
All the food was very good and the location was great, right off Rittenhouse, perfect for dinner before hitting the bars.  And being on the 2nd floor ended up giving a cool view during the meal.
Definitely give this place a try.
Update#1:  Went back for the Hibachi.  Here's a secret, do the shared entree option.  Its an extra $8.95, you get a 2nd portion of the soup, salad, fried rice, and hibachi veggies and you share the meat of your choosing.  Its still a ton of food (doggie bags were required) and you save $10+ over a 2nd whole entree.  We rolled that extra $$$ into a sushi appetizer (rolled... sushi... get it?... eh).How about 0 stars?
I would never set foot into this cold, dingy restaurant even with a groupon. 
My husband and I love the Hibachi experience, we decided to try this place because there was a pretty good groupon deal. We called ahead and got a reservation. 
We entered and saw that the whole place was pretty deserted, it was a Thursday evening so we didn't think too much of it. Even though we got there in time for our reservation and the restaurant was empty, we were made to wait for a good 20-25 min in the front near the manager's desk. In the mean time, there was some yelling going on between members of staff and the manager. 
Finally we were seated at the Hibachi table, and saw there was another group of 4 at another table. We were asked to wait again. It seemed there was only one chef that night and he had just started the show/service for that table. We waited patiently sipping water while he finished serving the other table. During this wait we noticed the floors and tables were generally dirty..I didn't want to touch anything.
After about 20 mins, the chef came to our table. Our waitress brought us soup and salad, the soup (supposed to be hot) was in fact sort of warm/room temp. and served in a plastic bowl with a plastic spoon. We drank the cold soup and the salad was simple with some random dressing. We had asked for vegetarian Hibachi, the fried rice was ok, nothing special and the portions were just enough. The sauces served on the side (one of them was mayo based, and the second one is ginger) didn't taste fresh at all.
I wish I could say something positive about the place but I can't think of anything.
Boring/mediocre food, slow/sloppy service and not-so friendly staff!! Overall it was a huge waste of our time and would never go back with/without groupon.Restaurant was subpar - went there for restaurant week, you pay $35 for something that's $10 on their menu plus a tiny app and dessert. Food quality was below average, but was edible. Don't get sushi there, its a half step up from the re-refrigerated kindThis place was great! I was eating in minutes. As well as, the server was nice and attentive. The cook was funny and interacted with us alot! Overall, great time.Huge Fan of Tokyo, I have been here about 5 or so times. I have done the Hibachi about twice maybe three times and its been great every time. My personal favorite is the Steak & Scallop combo! awesome! its pretty salty but come on that's what I expect when going for Hibachi (water weight to the max the next day) I have to say their house salad is banging (there is just no other word to describe it) I get it every time no matter what I am ordering. 
The Sushi is always fresh! For something different I would recommend you try the Lava Roll, its amazing. Also, they are great at the basics like Alaskan roll, or tuna/avocado roll.  Its so sad..I will be shopping or doing whatever in center city and I will find myself eating here for lunch...alone...ha-ha I just cant help it.
I am a broke college student though I bet most of me loving this place because it is pretty cheap for sushiI effing love hibachi.  I seek it out wherever I go.  And, on a Christmas-Eve-Afternoon downtown wander, my girlfriend and I stumbled across Tokyo Hibachi.  
And it was empty.
We got our own personal hibachi table, the full show with just as much vigor as though we were a crowd of 12, patience while I repeatedly could not catch anything in my mouth, and a few special effects done twice just for fun.  Onion Volcano x 2!  Woo-hoo!
The food was standard hibachi fare....I'm not sure what they put in the salad dressing, but it's like crack.  I also like the miso soup at hibachi places way better than I like it anywhere else...there's just something about it.
Maybe I'm going overboard here, but it was a great meal, a great show, and a great way to not be in the house with my family for a little while.  I'd certainly go back.Food and drinks were the only thing good about this place, and I've actually had better in other cities. We had a reservation since it was my 21st birthday dinner, and we weren't seated until 20 minutes after my reservation and had to sit in these awkwardly placed chairs that were right in the middle of everything. When we sat, the staff was decent, but as soon as they found out we had a Groupon, they completely ignored us, even though we ordered plenty of food and drinks and were not being cheap. The staff wasn't rude, necessarily, they just completely ignored us and were nonchalant and uncaring about our happiness with the meal. Especially since they were told it was my 21ST!!!! bday, you would think they could've done something a little nice for us or at least be friendly. Didn't even leave a tip, and I almost always leave a good tip. Won't be going back here again, if you want return business you need to do better than just serve good food, people go out for the experience and the special treatment, not just the food.First, the chef was amazing and he was very entertaining. My boyfriend ordered the filet mignon and lobster tail and I ordered the filet mignon and chicken. Our food was good, however, the chef overcooked the lobster tail. He was very nice and gave us extra food that the other guests sharing the table with us ordered. 
The only reason that they are getting a one-star is that the workers are very rude. They messed up something on our bill and when I asked to see if there was a manager I could speak with, the worker told me "noooooo." Who says that? Anyways, it's unfortunate because the chef was great, but the staff were just intolerable.came here last night for dinner. Very dead but then again, what do you expect at 5:30pm on a tuesday night? They have a happy house special 5-7pm. $5 apple martinis was on point. very tasty & delicious. 
We ordered the steak negimaki (just ok), Avocado salad (yum!). 
for dinner i had the saki don. 11 salmon sashimi over rice.  the salmon was very fresh. 
hibachi veggie delight was flavorful. 
overall i would come back here again.Went up several stairs.. the place smelled fishy n like mop water.. but it took me forever to find this place and i was tired of searching for food spots so i gave it a chance. First time trying sushi.. very tasty.. i had the phila roll.. nothing fancy about this place.. my friend didnt like it.. said she has had better.. but i thought it was pretty good.. just couldnt get over the smell.. probably wont come again but i would get it to go.I love this place. I thank groupon for helping me find it. 
Sushi - The sushi is fresh and delicious. I've tried many other places in the area, but this place gets a very high score. The maki combo for $14 gets you three rolls, soup, and salad. For lunch it's even cheaper! Their specialty rolls are excellent as well.
Hibachi - Traditional hibachi cheesiness, but thats what you do hibachi for! The food was tasty and the chef was funny and likable.
Service - the service is always quick, polite, and efficient. They always refill our water before we have to ask. 
Overall, very nice place.Hibachi seems to be pretty much the same regardless of where you go.  The last time I was here, I got some sushi to start and sake, both of which were very good.  This time I opted for the filet dinner which includes a small salad and a bowl of Miso, along with the veggies and rice, shrimp etc.
Normally I don't order filet, but I remember having ordered steak during restaurant week and it was a little tougher than I would have liked, despite the temperature I requested.  
My medium filet was done first and the rest of the table was served their chicken, steaks, scallops, etc after.  While we were all enjoying our meals and talking amongs ourselves, he put an additional filet on.  I thought that was strange since no one else was at our table.  As it turns out the second filet was for me!  My first one was delicious, but I was nowhere near finishing it.  I have no idea if this is standard operationg procedure for Tokyo Hibachi, but who needs 2 filets in one meal?  I couldn't even come close to finishing all my food.  But it does carry over well so it was nice to take home and have later for leftovers.
The only thing I'm not a fan of is their miso.  It's abnormally salty.  I couldn't even eat it this last time.  
If you have had hibachi before, I'd say this place is good, but it wouldn't be heartbreaking if you'd miss it.  I'm actually more impressed with their sushi.  If you've never had hibachi, I'd definitely say check it out.  The staff is very friendly and the little tricks are fun...even if strangers can't catch food in their mouths and they end up bouncing onto your plate from off their teeth.  ew.  (Happened to my friend last weekend!)I've been here at least a few times a month for the last few months, and I don't live close by. Needless to say, I love this place!! Awesome service, delicious sushi, excellent hibachi, lovely decor, and great prices. They also have great specials (lunch and happy hr). The staff is so nice, and during my last visit gave me a VIP discount card for being a frequent customer. YAYY!! The only teeny tiny inconvenience is that they close for two hours after lunch, at 2:45, to prepare for dinner, at 5. Not a huge problem though.summary: 
Habachi was delicious, a bit heavy on soy sauce, great large portioned lunch specials: habachi, bento boxes, and sushi options $11-$17. Good polite timely servious and the habachi show was pretty funny (look out for the use of the little guy doll on the cart)
Came upstairs from the wok chinese place to for the hibachi lunch special @ 1613 tokyo 11-3pm. About $12-15 a person depending on what kind of meat you get. Miso soup was was good standard fare, salad typical iceburg and light dressing, but good pieces, and meat was cooked to perfection. I ordered the shrimp which was about 8-10 pieces, and my boyfriend had the steak which looked to be about 8- 10 oz  Everything was delicious, though i'd have a bit less soy sauce in my fried rice. We had a kirin light with a small hot sake as well and the total was under $75. 
We were going to do one habachi and one roll special ( 2 traditional rolls for $11), but they only did the show for 2 receiving habachi. We went ahead and did the whole experience. The service was nice and quick, but it was pretty much 2 other tables besides us though. There are 4 habachi tables up stairs and normal tables along the bar side.Can't speak for the dinners here, but the Hibachi lunch specials are great. The chef is top notch and the prices can't be beat - combine with a Groupon and get two Hibachi lunches for $15 or less all in. The dipping sauces - both the spicy and the ginger - are delish, and the salad + soup are both great. Overall definitely worth a visit if you're nearby and looking for a solid lunch option (that'll keep you full for hours!).Pros: cheap prices and lollipops at the end
Cons: our waters always seemed to be empty and wouldn't be refilled until we flagged down the waitress. The spring rolls were basically bland cabbage that I could have bought out of the frozen section at a grocery store. We ordered an appetizer which came AFTER our sushi. The sushi was okay for the prices, but there's definitely better cheap sushi out there. The tempura ice cream was basically dough, not even close to fried. Overall the service and food were extremely poor and not even worth it with a groupon.I came here for Hibachi with 6 people (the hibachi grill tables sit 7). Only three of us ended up ordering hibachi, the other three got sushi. I had the chicken hibachi. It was mediocre. A bit bland. The chef was ok, not too flashy. The three people that ordered sushi thought it was very good. 
We went for dinner at 7 on a saturday night, and the place was pretty empty. The service was good though! Wait staff was friendly. 
I'd recommend it if you're really in the mood for hibachi, otherwise, you could pass.I liked the sushi- but be warned if you are gluten free and trying to get hibachi! what stinks is the sauce and soy sauce are both filled with gluten so they prepared my dish separately in the kitchen (which was really great and nice). so the rice was needless to say lacking flavor. the salmon they cooked with it was excellent though! i went with my family as it was my dad's birthday request and our bill came out to well over $100. the chef doing hibachi was really fun though and made for a good family atmosphere.i celebrated a friend's birthday here on her suggestion. i was looking forward to trying it, and who doesn't love a hibachi bday celebration? well our hibachi artist (?) was Ben, and he had us cracking up the whole time. my steak was cooked perfectly medium rare, no complaints there. i wasn't wowed enough overall to go out of my way to return but my friends had a great time.This place is almost never crowded, which is great. Both sushi and hibachi are awesome. Staff is accommodating. It's one of the hidden places in the city that I know I'll get a good, filling meal an have zero wait.Pretty standard hibachi style place. It was a lot of fun going with a big group and sitting around the cooking surface as the chef put on a show.
The single most important thing to know: if you do the hibachi style food, they give you shrimp as an appetizer on the house! I was livid when I ordered the steak and shrimp, and everyone else at the table got shrimp too! Luckily I was continuously fed saki from the squeeze bottle all night to numb the pain.This is definitely a good place for large groups. We had about 17 people and they were able to fit us all around a single grill unit. 
Our server was very quick and friendly - about 12 of us ordered sake bombs and she immediately brought everything out on a very large tray. It was a bit challenging to get the sake bombs to work because the table ( a giant slab of granite firmly bolted to the floor) barely moved, but everyone seemed to have fun with it. 
Our chef was very energetic, efficient, and entertaining. He definitely made sure to get everyone at the table engaged in the show by throwing pieces of vegetables at us (to catch in our mouths) and with long-range sake swallowing contests. 
The food was a bit on the salty side - especially the fried rice, but everything was freshly made in front of us, and the experience overall was a lot of fun.My best friend had a Groupon for this place so we decided to go. This place has good food and friendly service. The ambiance is also good. My only complaint is the bill. It isn't an expensive place and the prices are reasonable. However, even after using a $20 Groupon, our bill was way overpriced by $40. We had it adjusted, but even after they fixed it, it was still overpriced by $20. The bills didn't even have a description of the items...just the total due. We thought that was odd. We were in such a hurry (the car was at a meter and the clock was ticking), that my friend just paid the bill and we vowed not to return for a very long time.Overall the food was ok, the service was...well it was not good. We did not sit at the hibachi tables, we sat at a table for two. We were seated for about a minute before the server came over and said 'are you ready to order?' No introduction, just jumped right in. We said we would like to order drinks and got the vibe we should do it right away. When she came back with the drinks we were ready to order our meal. We made the mistake of ordering our hibachi entrees at the same time as our sushi roll app. So of course our entrees came out before our sushi roll, I actually had to ask for it. The meal was good, the sushi roll was awesome! We had the two-in one roll. 
When I go out I'm looking for great service and great food, this is not the place for that. You get what you order and nothing more, no over the top hospitality. If you ask me, hospitality and a welcoming atmosphere is just as important as great food. I would recommend for going to sit at the hibachi tables, the cooks looked very entertaining and the groups appeared to be having a great time.I haven't had hibachi in forever (think ten years, probably at some sixth grade birthday party), so I'd forgotten how entertaining it could be. There were definitely some new things though, for my adult self! For one, the hibachi chef asked my boyfriend and I if we wanted to try some sake--after our affirmative answers, he started squeezing a sake bottle from across the grill at our open mouths. Not too shabby for 12:30 in the early afternoon =P The chef was incredibly enthusiastic and a good sport as well.
Generally, the food was good. My boyfriend had the steak hibachi lunch, and I the shrimp hibachi lunch. For $12 each, this included miso soup, salad, fried rice, sauteed vegetables, and the protein of our choice. Everything was delicious (very possibly thanks to all the butter that goes into these things), but the proteins were cooked especially well. The steak was very tender and flavorful--for lack of a better word, beefy--while the shrimp were doused in a light butter-lemon-garlic sauce that complemented their freshness. We were definitely full at the end of everything, though I also tried the limoncello truffle for dessert. Kind of odd pairing that with chocolate syrup, but oh well.I have only been here once, but will most likely return.
We got some sort of sushi roll combo platter with eel, spicy tuna, and california rolls.
The food service was very quick, and the waitress was veryy fast about filling up our drinks too.
Overall, a nice meal in a nice atmosphere.This place is my absolute favorite place to get sushi.  Every time I go, I'm usually the only one there, which is nice because the food comes out so fast, and the chefs really put an effort into making the food look nice.  You also have 4 areas from which to choose for seating:  the bar, where you can watch the chef make your sushi, the hibachi area, traditional low tables on raised platforms, complete with slippers to wear, or window seats.  I always sit at the window for the bird's eye view of Walnut street, which is great for people watching.  My favorite meal is the shrimp tempura roll and the green salad with ginger dressing.  I have NEVER found another restaurant with a comparable ginger salad dressing!  The salad itself is always crisp and chilled, and the dressing is to die for.  They make their tempura foods on the spot, so it's always nice and crunchy, instead of the microwaved, or worse, cold, pre-made tempura you can get from the numerous "sushi" spots that litter the city.  You can also choose between a hand roll (cone shaped, like a sushi ice cream cone) or roll (cylinder cut into pieces), which is nice.  The prices aren't bad, I can get 2 rolls, a ginger salad and a soda for under $20.  Try it out one day, and if you see me, say hi!  One last important piece of info:  They are closed every weekday from 3-5pm for staff lunch and other mysterious activities, but they open again right on the 5:00 dot.Price - $$ (Fair)  
Taste - Heavy by sauces
Good: Fry Rice include in Hibachi Meal
If Tokyo Hibachi did't offer Grupon deal, I probably won't find out this place.
Tokyo Hibachi is a fun place to go for dating or casual dining. Their Hibachi deal cost between $20 to $35. But portion wise, it doesn't have too much differences. 
One Hibachi meal is good enough for men, but too much for girl. The meal includes conventional miso soup and green salad. Following by a egg fry rice then the meat and seafood you chose.
The chief may play some game with you, and most of time that cheer people up.
I personally like to go there at night, just simply because it's fun to watch bunch of people play game in restaurant.
Food wise the meat they serve are fresh, so to the seafood. But the sauce they use has a lot of problem. It taste so heavy and salty, you almost can not taste the original flavor of the meat.
So next time if you saw the chief pull out his black soy sauce bottle, remind him to put less sauce if possible. Then you can enjoy a fine meal with live cooking entertainment.Okay, I'm on a weekend trip in Philly... after Yelping me and my girlfriend decided to try this place out. I had high hopes, but those were quickly diminished my the events that occurred. First off, we were walk-in's on a Saturday Night, and even though the place wasn't even half full, we were questioned about having made reservations! (Are you serious?). After being seated and settled in, we ordered drinks both of us ordered a Long Island Ice tea, when we received the drinks we immediately knew something was wrong. The drinks had a yellowish mustard color to them... Umm, and this is supposed to pass for a Long Island Ice tea??. Needless to say we sent that crap back and I just ordered a glass of orange juice (Highly upset!!!). Now lets get to the food. As usual the Hibachi chef was good, they basically do the same tricks while cooking, so don't expect to see something different. My girlfriend ordered "Shrimp" & Salmon, I had the Steak & Chicken. Now here is where the night gets screwed up, they give you about 2 complimentary shrimps if your sitting by the Hibachi table. The Chef screwed up, me took my girlfriends order of shrimp and shared it amongst the people on the table, which was the good kind... the shrimp was all nice and plump and juicy. after finishing cooking everything my girlfriend informed him that she ordered Shrimp and Salmon, but only got the Salmon. The sent out another order of shrimp for him to cook... But here's the kicker, it wasn't the same type of shrimp as before. This was the cheap- ass shrimp that did not look as good as the other set. This shrimp actually shriveled up as it cooked... Once again I was HIGHLY upset!. There prices are overpriced because it doesn't justify the type of service I expected to receive. Overall I would not be going back to that place again, but if you choose to visit, proceed at your own caution!This was my first time to a Hibachi type place so I don't have anything with which to compare this.  The food and the sake were both pretty good though.  I tried the steak and the chicken - good, but nothing extraordinary.  The dude doing the hibachi thing had a good sense of humor so it was entertaining in that way too.  Good service.   
The weird thing is that when you open the front door of the building you're entering two places at once - the downstairs and the upstairs are apparently two completely unrelated establishments.  The hibachi place is upstairs.  Not sure about handicapped access.We went here last night for sips, and got there with 20 minutes to order before the special ends at 7.  We still got all of our orders in.  The service was pretty fast and friendly.  It was cool that they have Japanese style seating at a few tables.
The food was okay.  We had spicy tuna roll, boston roll, and rainbow roll.  Nothing really stood out.  I will have to go back for the hibachi though and see what that's like.First off - this place is actually on Walnut between 16th and 17ths above WOK.
I had a good meal here with my brother. We had one sushi roll to start which was ok and then had hibatchi. The show wasnt anything impressive. The food was good but they didnt understand portion sizes. I had shrimp and salmon for my meal. Everyone had 2 shrimp as an app and then my meal part of my shrimp was just 3. These 2 other girls at our table got chicken and my brother had chicken and steak. He made all 3 of them have equal amounts of chicken despite it being half my brother's meal and their full meal.
The rice and noddles were both good. Salad and miso soup were standard. I'd go back. But I do like Hikaru in Manayunk but havent been in 2 years as it is so far away!First of all, the food was great. Service however, not so much. Once the waitress heard we had a groupon, any customer service was eliminated. They were nice enough overall, the hibachi chef was entertaining, but the waitress didn't come to check on us ONCE. It was like she assumed because we were young (ish) and had a groupon we wouldn't give a good tip so there was apparently no point in giving us good service. Worst part was, I ordered a drink and she looked at my ID as it was my birthday yesterday. I've heard they will give you free dessert if it's your birthday here, and she even SAID it was my birthday the day before, but because either we were young or had a groupon, they didn't want to do any more than was necessary. Needless to say, we played along with the way they treated us and left a tiny tip.This review is for their happy hour.  Not impressed.  It's Wednesdays from 5-7pm until late August.  They don't serve from their regular menu, which I didn't like because thanks to their "we close everyday from 3-5" policy, and the fact that I can NEVER make it there before they close at 3, this means that I have to wait til after 7 to eat my beloved sushi and green salad.  Anyway, the Happy hour is very limited and very cheap.  My boyfriend and I both had 2 california rolls, a crispy calamari dish, a melon ball cocktail each, and we shared a sake bomb.  The sushi rolls they offer are $4 each, I remember seeing spicy tuna, boston, and california rolls, there were maybe 5 more options.  The calamari was not good.  Definitely not like calamari from Bridget Foy's or Alma de Cuba, but for $5 I guess you can't have high expectations.  Beers were $3 each, and you could choose between Sapporo or Coors Lite, Sake bombs and Melon Ball Cocktails were $4 each.  The Melon Ball Cocktails were ok, They did a good job of disguising the taste of the vodka, but they weren't very strong.  I spilled most of the sake from our sake bomb, so it didn't even explode like it was supposed to, but that was my fault.  The bill came out to $33, which I guess wasn't bad, but everything really was substandard compared to what they're capable of.  I suggest you either go before 3 or after 7, at least until this Happy Hour thing is over.I have been here twice even though the first time I vowed to never return.  What a MEH experience both times.  (We had sushi both times - not hibachi.)  The place is never crowded - because it is not good.  The fish is not truned over rapidly enough and is not at the peak of freshness.
I will not come back here.
Uck!Hibachi restaurants are more about the experience than the food itself. I've been to a hibachi once before, a random place on Long Island a few years back. It was a good time, but it's not something I seriously feel the need to experience again. On that note, my thoughts to Tokyo Hibachi Steakhouse will be short and sweet.
The sushi is ok. There's better sushi in Philly (try Mixx in Chinatown). The menu feels a bit limited, the only enticing thing would be the bento boxes. This place is expensive and the food isn't properly portioned. There isn't much seating: about four tables for couples and one long table for a group, a modest bar, but a few cute authentic Japanese seating inspired areas, where you will remove your shoes and sit down at a table without a chair. And, a HUGE pet peeve of mine: the restaurant plays Top 40 hits. An ethnic restaurant should NOT be playing American tunes. 
If you're curious about hibachi and got a good group of friends, you might have a great time. Otherwise, keep walking towards Chinatown.I've been here twice - I only go when they have a daily deal. I've enjoyed it both times. We had the same waiter both times, and he was very friendly and attentive. I've enjoyed the chefs and the food both times. The miso soup is good, the salad is good, and I love the hibachi. No complaints or issues at all.Tried this place for the first time this week and I'm a fan! We went on a Monday night so it was quite but still had plenty of people in the restaurant. The restaurant had a few raised booths for traditional Japanese dining (take your shoes off and sit crossed legged on the floor!) which was really fun. Don't worry, they have padded seats with backs to them so you're not actually sitting on the floor! 
The waiter was helpful and sushi was delicious. Try the sweet potato sushi, it was great! I will definitely come back!This place is A-OK. Good food, good service, but nothing amazing. You get a lot of food and it is a little pricey, but hibachi often is. 
The groupon deal doesn't exactly save you all that much. Overall feeling is "eh."This was a good cheaper sushi place i've been to it was a second choice for my birthday dinner and ended up being a better choice i believe good prices and good sushi plenty of room for larger parties of 10-20. I will be going back here again!I've Grouponed twice. I'm on a diet and have only ordered the sashimi regular entre. Works for me.
Last Saturday night got a little loud. 4 women shrieking birthday party glee were intermittently off the decimal chart. 
Week nights are quieter.The ambiance is cute and japanese. I wish we were given the option to sit up in the booths that have low tables and you sit on the ground on cushions. It sounded like the people that got the hibachi were having fun in the back room - watching their chef slice and dice. But we were upfront with annoying rap music playing. 'Ethnically appropriate' music would have fit the surroundings better. There was also a tv on at the bar which i always find annoying in a dining area.
the sushi was good, not amazing. 
We had a groupon which made it worth it, otherwise Im not sure I would go back, necessarily.Went here on a Saturday night, and as expected the hibachi section in back was full, while in the sushi section up front we were one of only two tables. Yes, the hibachi section can get noisy, but it wasn't intolerable, unless someone going "woot, woot!" every five minutes makes you want to want to jump out a window or something. Which would be a problem with this restaurant being entirely on the second floor...
Yes, to find this place you need to find Wok Chinese Restaurant (or the falling victim splayed out on the sidewalk), and then go straight up the stairs, not left. Turn left at the top of the stairs, unless you like staring at walls.
As far as the food goes, it seems to me there are three levels of sushi in America - edible, like the stuff you can get in the supermarket, then very good, and then excellent. The majority of restaurants it seems to me fall in the second category, as this one does. If you like tempura I think the tempura here was a little better than average, nice and crunchy while still being light. It was featured in one of the rolls we got, the Spicy 2-in-1 Roll with shrimp tempura.
Other very good sushi rolls were:
The Alaskan Roll, which had distinct smoked salmon flavor -
The Center City Roll, which featured fresh tuna on top but for me was a little dull -
And the Egg Harbor Roll, with a double shot of salmon and some nice sauces on top.
We also sampled the pork gyoza and seaweed salad - both very standard - and also the avocado salad, with as much avocado as lettuce.
Finally, for dessert we shared the Exotic Bomba - 3 flavors of sorbet in a white chocolate shell - nuff said.
Our waitress was a cutie, and while the wait for our sushi seemed a bit extended, especially with us being the only table there at the time, it wasn't a big deal, as I cursed at the sushi chefs in their native tongue and told them they had dishonored their culture. All was well, as my brother and I are pretty fast runners. We were able to lose them a couple blocks away and double back to pay our bill, which is always good manners.
So if you need some exercise after dinner and crave some life and death intrigue, I would definitely recommend you try Tokyo Hibachi Steakhouse and Sushi Bar.I came here because a friend of mine recommended this to me. Me and my boyfriend came for hibachi, and it was awesome!!! The chef was very entertaining that he was throwing stuff Into our mouth! Good was awesome def get filet mignon with shrimp, it was delicious!!!!!!NOTE: This review is for Center City Sips only.
After spending 9 months in Japan I have a soft spot for izakayas - which this is NOT. However, $2 Sapporos, $3 sushi & some edamame makes me one happy guy and allows me to at least pretend it is. 
If you're looking for a 'scene' for Sips, this isn't it, the place is typically pretty quiet except for the table pounding as people do rounds of $4 Coors Light sake bombs (my advice is to request they do it with Sapporo). Anyway, this isn't a bad spot at all if you're in a beer drinkin', sushi eatin' kinda mood.So I eat sushi a lot. Apparently.
This place is probably the closest (cheaperish) sushi place to where I live (sorry Shiroi Hana, someday, I'll be able to afford you regularly) , and I've been here twice.  The first time was with a groupon/livingsocial deal, and last night as a quick decision (sadly without a deal, because I thought I had see a groupon and was going to buy it, and by the time I realized it was no longer up, we were already seated. GAH). 
It's earned a spot in the sushi rotation (even without a deal!)
FOOD
-Maki Combo-$13.95 for miso and salad, eel roll, spicy tuna, and California. BUT because I think California rolls are a pathetic excuse for sushi, we asked to switch it out, and they had no problem doing so for any of the other simple rolls! We chose spicy salmon-it pretty much tasted the same as spicy tuna. This is not a great sign. Miso was a bit salty. Salad was your typical iceberg, one slice of cucumber, and some carrot strings situation. (We got another soup and salad so my friend and I would each have one + $5.45).
-Dynasty roll-$13.95-white tuna, cilantro, cucumber, topped with salmon, avocado, wasabi tobiko, chili sauce. This roll was actually very good and pretty big. 
PROS
-Rarely crowded.
-I've seen them show up on groupon/livingsocial quite a bit, so if it does: I recommend snatching it up.
-Adorable traditional seating areas where you sit cross legged at your table.
-Reasonably priced, we were stuffed for a bit over $20. 
CONS
-Confusing to find. Head straight upstairs. Welcome.
-Turns out we Westerners are not used to sitting cross-legged for a meal. Our legs were wonky afterwards. 
-Also, they make you take off your shoes at those little tables and my friend felt really awkward eating barefoot.
-Had to wait for/flag down the waitress a few times even though we were pretty much the only people there.
-I regularly ask for extra spicy mayo/and or eel sauce. I like my sauces, what can I say. I rarely get charged. They charged me $1? Boo.
-Not a huge selection, but definitely a decent one and they have all the classics
TIP: the white soy sauce container is low sodium. 
RECAP: Good spot to go if you are nearby, feel like cheap sushi/have a deal, but don't expect your mind to be blown.I would never, ever, ever go here again. Even if I had a groupon.
First of all, when we sat down we saw a little boy (son of a waitress) eating take out pizza at one of the sushi tables. It didnt seem like a big deal at first, because he was just a kid, but then when I looked around I saw all the waitresses eating take-out pizza right at the bar! If the employees dont eat the food at the establishment they work for, that has to be a warning sign.
We decided (stupidly) to order a cocktail each... dont waste your money. They were the worst drinks I've ever tasted. The fruit garnishes on each had seen better days... there were black spots on them.
We started with the  tempura, and it desperately cried out for salt. There was a huge onion ring (the size of the plate) on our dish, and the other pieces of vegetables were very large as well. Besides being incredibly bland (even with the dipping sauce), the pieces were far too big to eat politely.
Our server, though incredibly sweet, seemed to lack common sense. She brought our entrees to the table while we were still eating our appetizer, and seemed to rush us through our meal. 
My boyfriend got chicken teriyaki and the chicken was NOT chicken breast. It was more along the lines of those perdue ready to eat chick'n strips that have mechanically seperated parts of chicken all mushed together into a strip. The plate looked so weird I wish I took a picture of it. THEY PUT A MARISCHINO CHERRY ON HIS CHICKEN AS A GARNISH. Um, weird.
The only good part of the meal was my sushi. I got a rainbow roll and a tuna roll, and both were good. Not the best sushi I've ever had, but surprisingly delicious as opposed to the other food that we had.
After we were finished eating, the server asked us if we wanted dessert. We declined, but we still had our FULL drinks from the beginning (we were sipping them slowly because they were vile, but paid $9 for each of them so we werent going to leave without at least putting a dent into them). The server brought our check while our drinks were still full, and again seemed to be rushing.
Maybe if we would have come for hibachi our food would have been different. The server was nice, but lacked experience and common sense serving etiquette(I bartended and served my way through college and even though its been 4 years since I worked in the field, I still remember what NOT to do) .
Bottom line: Skip the groupon, if you want hibachi go to the hibachi place near Dave and Busters on the waterfront. If you have to go here, get the sushi and skip drinks besides bottled beer.
The only reason for 2 stars instead of 1 is the server... even though she was inexperienced and made a couple mistakes, she was genuinely nice.1st time doing Hibachi and it was awesome!!!! 
I had the Chicken and Fillet Mignon plate 
the steak was one of the best I ever had! hands down! 
Chicken was just OK 
now the show was all that it was just me and my spouse and the dude lit the grill on fire, threw and caught an egg 3 times, made an onion volcano, and sprayed Saki in our mouths!! wholly crap! 
His aim was a little off for throwing shrimp in your mouth though! LOL but it was entertaining. 
Oh it helps to talk to the chef to tell him how you like your food (extra spicy for me) and he was more than accommodating. Also helps to tip!!I purchased a Groupon bc we figured it would be awesome for Sushi but we wound up doing the Hibachi instead as we seem to never get to a Hibachi place. We ordered two drinks I had on of their specials it was really really good. The food was basic most Hibachi places seem to all taste the same so it was really nothing too special but it was really good. The entertainment (our Chef) was great! He was really funny and very friendly. The decor of the place was nice and i loved the sushi section where you sit with no shoes its something different! The waiter/waitress service was lacking they were great when we first got there but never asked if we wanted another drink which we would of liked. I would definitely go back maybe to try the sushi next time. I should mention the amount of food is massive so you will NOT leave hungry!!!We bought a groupon and decided to try it out. The chef was hilarious and the portions were more than filling. Overall everything was great, I would definitely return.Great for groups, have been here for many birthday parties and it's always a good time.  Food is good, pretty much what you'd expect from a hibachi placeBest hibachi in Philadelphia hands down...the miso soup is amazing, fried rice is just as good and noodles are not smothered in sauce.  All of the meat is cooked to perfectionWent to the hibachi section of the restaurant for Restaurant Week with my boyfriend.
I got some weird salad, lobster and NY strip, and some sort of a banana dessert.
The salad was something new to me, since I have only been to a Hibachi once and have only had sushi once or twice.  The salad was good once I got over the raw meat it contained (I'm not a fan of raw meat, sorry!)
The portions are pretty large.  Tokyo gave everyone a LOT of rice.  The rice was bland and slightly overcooked, but the large portion made up for that.  The steak was delicious and perfectly cooked.  My lobster was a bit undercooked, but I'm not a big lobster fan so I didn't mind.
Everyone got 2 extra shrimp at our table; I guess the chef had prepared too many.  Our chef made sure to entertain us while he was cooking, which definitely adds to the experience.
The banana dessert was delicious...it had some sort of a banana outside with an ice cream inside.  It was weird but it sounded better than their tiramisu dessert.
I would definitely go here again, but probably only during Restaurant Week since I'm a broke college student.
One more note-I called Tokyo a few hours before our dinner and they told me where the cheapest parking nearby was and that that garage participated in a Restaurant Week discount.  I wrote down the address, but they must have given me the wrong one--no parking lot or garage was there! I would've saved a few dollars parking at that garage!PROS: Hibachi, large portions
CONS: Greasy, MSG-laden
As far as hibachi goes, the tricks are entertaining, the food is plentiful, and the ingredients are fresh. However, the amount of oil and MSG poured into the food was quite alarming. Not a place fit for foodies.This is the first time I've gone out of my way to write a review of a restaurant on Yelp. 
My boyfriend and I are suckers for hibachi and when I found myself in the mood for fried rice, I decided to give this place a shot. 
The food itself was great, as was the service as the meal went on. The server/chef had some of the other orders at our table wrong, but was remedied quickly.
Why one star, you ask? 
As we were paying our bill, a cockroach crawled out from under the edging of the grill and started wandering around on the table! When I started freaking out (seeing as how we had just finished ingesting food that came from the surface the cockroach had just crawled out of), the manager (?) came over and promptly squashed it with one of the check-books. He explained that they have pest control come weekly, which, although possible, is hardly enough of an excuse. After he squashed that one,  ANOTHER one crawled out. By that time I was ready to vomit. 
As we rushed out, the manager told us we had forgotten our leftovers, to which we responded that we no longer wanted them.
Will definitely NOT be returning here.hahahahha, I can't believe I'm rating this place.  And I am giving a whole additional star above what it deserve for food and service because my friends and I had such a great time here for one of our birthday parties.  I made a last minute reservation for 10 and they were very accommodating on a weekend night.  They served us promptly and efficiently and as expected, the chef was a riot.  (I swore I would never go back to a hibachi place unless I was dragged there after I took a gamble and went to Benihana in Manhattan in 2007 for shits and giggles and it turned out to be a horribly boring and undelicious experience.)  He would randomly make us take projectile shots of sake out of his cooking bottle and he was great with all the little tricks and shenanigans (e.g., onion volcano, egg juggling) that Hibachi chefs are expected to do.  The sauces are yummy, the shrimp wasn't very good but the filet mignon was pretty good.  The salad and miso soup were what you'd expect--typical Japanese restaurant orange salad dressing with lots of iceberg lettuce and the salty soup made from packets.  The waitresses were extremely attentive and no one minded at all how rowdy we were getting.  It was a nice group experience and we all had a lot of fun w/ a lot of funny pictures.  The place is kind of cramped and it looks a little grungy, but for a shotgun birthday party, it will do!Steak - good 
Scallops - okay at bestTokyo Hibachi is a great combination of sushi and hibachi.  I like to have the ability of having both!  The sushi was fresh and their specialty rolls were extremely good.  The hibachi itself was also very good, I had the steak and shrimp and my girlfriend had the scallops and shrimp.  The fried rice and vegetables made to go along with the meal was very good as well.  I also really enjoyed the salad that came with the meal too.  Great Dressing!  We were the only ones at the table and received free saki shots from the hibachi chef!  I did however feel it was a tad overpriced for what we got.  I have been there before and I will go back when the hibachi craving returns!I love this place for lunch!! Awesome bento box and sushi mix/match deals - 10.95!!  We've had the salmon teriyaki, sashimi bento box, shrimp tempura, tuna roll, salmon skin roll and fantasy roll and they have all been delicious.
I definitely need to go back and get more adventurous rolls they have...plus i want to try out their super cute tables they have set up...you have to remove your shoes and sit on cushions.
Hmm...must make time for a visit soon.