Loved the Sushi and service! I sat and talked to the manager after I finished my lunch and he's a really nice guy! 50% Sushi on Tuesdays and Wednesdays!! Nice lunch specials!! Also I love to watch while my sushi is being prepared!!Everything was really great.  Quiet dining room, simple decor.  We had 5 different rolls, vegetable tempora, sesame beef, and the four seasons.  Everyone was fresh and flavorful. Can't wait to go back!I absolutely love this place! I try to come here at least once a month to get my sushi fix. Sushi here is 50% off. The food is excellent and the service is great!The sushi was very good. Went on a Wednesday afternoon with a friend. Selected sushi and appetizers on Tuesdays and Wednesday are half off. We ordered 5 rolls for only about 24$. The service was excellent, our waitress was very nice and was attentive. Would recommend.Was looking for lunch and craving Chinese food.  This was a great choice.  Soups and lunch choices were full of taste and enjoyable.I ordered pad Thai. This place costs a little more $12-13 dollars for it which I'm fine with but what made me very upset was that it came with absolutely no sauce! It was just the taste of the noodles!!! How can you charge 13 dollars for that?! SKIP THIS PLACE!Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.
Ordered deivery for the first time. Egg roll was totally dripping from grease. Never going back. Eat at your own risk.
Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.orderedMe and my boyfriend LOVE this place; amazing sushi for affordable prices. The service is great and the miso soup is to die for!Wow, what a surprising little gem. Hopefully more people discover this place and they stay in business. 
We came on a Saturday night for the first time and there were only a few other tables occupied. I read that they had a 50% off sushi on Tues/Wed so i was expecting to pay full price. It was a pleasant surprise to find out that they're offering their special on a daily basis. 
The decor was solid and most importantly, very clean. We ordered 7-8 rolls to go along with 3 entries and paid about 60 dollars.  There's generally a downtick in quality when sushi places offer a 50% off special but we did not find that to be the case here. 
The food tasted fresh and of the highest quality. I can't wait to go back and try more rolls.I came here for a quick lunch on my break from traveling, great prices!! Super fresh sushi and staff was very friendly! Definitely a great stopGreat place! Great food! We are usually here at least once a month if not more. They have many sushi varieties for the sushi lovers! I'm a huge fan of the veggie delight and salmon teryaki. The salmon is a nice size too! And they have brown ric, which is a plus for me! And I always get soup and salad with my order. This is a great place for take out or eating in!I wanted to make sure to leave a review for this new sushi place in NE Philly. Nowadays few restaurants (or any other services) impress anymore. 
The place is brand new, newly renovated with nicer than your average decor, and spotless clean. The sushi so fresh, beautifully presented, and most importantly - not skimping on fish. Most sushi places put a long list of sushi rolls on their menu, which end up looking and tasting  almost the same and are mostly rice. Not at this place! My boyfriend and I ordered our usual number of rolls and an entree each and had to take our entrees home because we were so full from the sushi. They do not cut corners when it comes to the food they serve, the service they provide, and presentation of the restaurant. My Pad Thai was excellent also. Instead of your usual brown sauce noodle mixture, their Pad Thai looks and tastes fresh and delicious. 
Service was great as well! I cannot really find even one thing to criticize. Maybe that the hot green tea could be stronger. Definitely the nicest and best quality Japanese/Chinese place in NE Philly. I hope they keep it that way.Lo mein delicious, very filling. sushi tastes not bad, not that busy so they're pretty attentive. Don't get the shumai they charge you $6 for the tiniest pieces, chicken satay $6 not that great either it's two sad pieces of chicken grilled and on two sticks (had some flavor to it though, but not worth it. However, my friend and I consistently went there maybe 5 times ordering the same thing, and we asked for shu-mai sauce in which they gave us dumpling sauce with a bunch of raw garlic in it making it very pungent, and when asked them if there was another sauce (which they've given us) he was walking away and rudely said "No you asked for shumai this is shumai". My friend doesn't want to come back after that, and well I don't know if I will either. I see the restaurant try in some areas and in other areas they just don't care, and I think that's what hinders them from being a good restaurant. I find being rude and cheap not great way to set up a somewhat new restaurant. The look of the restaurant is there, and sometimes the waiter service, but it's been a half - half experience.I definitely recommend this place! It was amazing good for a very reasonable price ! Two thumbs up the sushi was delicious very flavorful and creamy!Amazing hidden gem in the northeast! I've gone about 6 times and everytime I've gotten exceptionally fresh sushi at a price thats unbelievable. They're half priced everyday and it's worth every penny. They have a huge variety of specialty rolls, my go to being the spicy girl or kamikaze. They also have awesome crispy general tso, which I typically do not order but make an exception here. Best of all, you don't need to drive downtown or to the burbs to satisfy your sushi craving.Searching for a sushi place in the Cottman area and this restaurant was top on the list. There's street parking available and the restaurant is really easy to find. We walked in with no reservations and were a little bit concerned when we saw that only two tables were occupied. Nevertheless, we were seated quickly and found that they offer 1/2 sushi everyday so we tried 6 different rolls. 
The owner and the waiter were really attentive, service was on point! We received our orders really quick and the quality of the rolls were good. They also do 'take-out' because a lot of people came by to pick up their orders. At the end of the meal, we received oranges and fortune cookies, which weren't stale so that is a plus! 
I definitely recommend this sushi restaurant!This sushi was so good! Tuesday's and Wednesday's are 50% off sushi. We had 2 salads and 4 rolls and it was only $20.... Amazing quality and prices. Everyone working there was so polite. Can't wait to go back!!Love this place!  Food is always fresh, elegantly presented and the service is impeccable!  Oh and the price is just right 50% off sushi everyday!!I got sushi again and it was good but not as good as the first time I went . I have to take a star . I'm a person who likes consistency.Usually order salmon skin roll and spicy tuna roll never disappoints! Esp for the price 50% off menu. I gave their chicken wings a try, crisp and juicy! A great place w even better quality serviceLove this hidden gem! I tried this place because the northeast area lacks good sushi places. I'm so glad I tried it cause now I'm addicted...in a good way lol. Sushi is pretty good not the best I ever had I suspect that their tuna isn't really tuna at all, however they make it taste great so fuck it. I really like coming here/getting takeout because their hot food is equally if not better than their sushi. They do offer Chinese food and bento boxes, however the quality is sooo above your typical Americanized Chinese food. I highly highlyy recommend the pad Thai! Omg so good! Sweet, sour & spicy. The noodles were moist but not too greasy, the protein was generous, and the presentation is always spot on. Mouth is watering just thinking about it. Go order some now! Overall good spot.There are very few places that come even close to the quality and price. The environment, the atmosphere, the service - I have never been to an establishment that even comes close to Tokyo Mandarin.There has not been an instance where the sushi did not meet my expectations. I love this place.
On my friend's birthday, we ordered every single special roll on the menu; even though there were many orders, the speed at which the chef had completed 32 rolls was fantastic. The entire order came out in a timely manner. The waiters, waitresses and the chef offer impeccable service. Before we left the restaurant, they brought us free dessert for my friend and wished her well for her birthday, all of their own accord.Places like this are exactly why I try them more than once before doing a review. First time around the rolls were decent average at best but what can you expect with half off rolls all day. Well... Second time around FISH BONES in all my rolls!! Eel avocado, spicy salmon(which was drenched in mayo), and Green Dragon rolls all had fish bones I had to spit out pieces from each roll and threw out almost the whole order. Never again will I be eating here and you shouldn't either. If I were able to give a zero or negative star rating trust me I would. They should be embarrassed to serve such poor quality of sushi.One of the few sushi restaurants in the NE Philly, I'm glad my boyfriend and I tried this place and love it. There's always parking whenever we go and once we're inside, we're immediately seated.
The staff is very attentive and it's 50% off sushi. We start off with appetizers (kani salad and salmon wrapped mango rolls) and then dive into the menu. So far, we have enjoyed everything we ordered! The sushi is fresh and all of it is very well displayed. 
Definitely going to make another trip back whenever I'm searching for a fresh sushi dinner/lunch :)We stopped in here randomly on a Friday evening after noticing the sign advertising for sushi. We figured "why not?" and decided to stop in for dinner. I'm glad we did because the food, service and decor was awesome. I was pleasantly surprised. Every dish we ordered was at random but nonetheless fresh and delicious.FRESH! Amazing flavors! Ordered the General Tso's Chicken Dinner Platter w/ white rice. It came with an egg roll. The General Tso was PERFECTION! Also ordered the Thai Spicy Shrimp (Large) (Medium spicy). The shrimp were huge & cooked to perfection. The sauce was delicious and the perfect amount of spice. The veggies were fresh & perfectly cooked. They were al dente & not overcooked/limp. We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner! Ordered via Yelp Eat24 at 5pm. Order was ready for pickup by 5:15. They're right near us, so wasn't too sure why it couldn't be delivered, but no worries. We drove down the street to get it ;)Service=very solid seated quickly greeted wit fried noodles which was solid half price sushi always good if you don't like sushi they have Chinese food very solid 
Good sushi and at half price can't beat it 
Gave us some wet naps and oranges at the end very solid 
Overall very solid experience solid food solid serviceService was a little off. Seem like she was so worried about being polite that she was moving too fast. But the food more than made up for that. Completely enjoyed my Thai bento box. Definitely going back.I ordered the shrimp tempura & soft shell crab roll, which were both good but not great. I would go here again to try other things. But this place won't be replacing my favorite sushi spot.I always wanted a good sushi place with decent prices in NE Philly. Don't need to pay Center City prices for good sushi here. Large variety of choices on the 50% off menu. I will be returning for sure!!UPDATE....dined in for the first time....fantastic. My food was excellent. Gyoza is delicious, chicken satay I love. Tried the pad Thai again and am so glad to find that it is really great, my first no sauce experience must have been a mistake. Service was great, we shared a bunch of apps and the pad Thai and it came to $31. Totally reasonable and we took leftovers! Keep this place open NE Philly! Go try it!Good sushi that was half price off any roll, BYOB, good service, nice and quiet,  what more can u say?Scares me when I saw no one at dinner hour. The menu was a bit huge, wish it was more focus. Overall, a very surprising presentation. Sushi was very fresh...this place is awesome. The kamikaze roll is my absolute favorite. They are always fast and so friendly. i wish they'd deliver.The 50% sushi on Tuesdays and Wednesdays was what drew my friends and I to this restaurant, and the special offer didn't disappoint. We thought the sushi was pretty standard; if you like sushi, you'll enjoy this place, and they have a good selection. (Appetizers are also 50%!) I would recommend the Tokyo East roll. It has soft shell crab and avocado-- strangely warm for sushi (because of the crab) but definitely tasty. The prices were definitely worth it. I don't think many people know about this restaurant; it was really empty during lunchtime. The service is great though, and people in the NE should definitely check it out!My family stumbled upon this while on Grub Hub. We decided to give it a try. We ordered delivery. It arrived within 30 minutes. It was AMAZING. The Gyoyza, the sushi, even egg rolls the best I have ever tasted! We've found our new go to delivery for Chinese, Japanese, and Thai!!Solid 4 stars. Much thanks to the other yelpers. Made my decision to order much easier. 
Free parking on the side which makes it so much better especially where the restaurant is located. 50% on dine-in or pick-ups only.
For delivery full priced menu.I don't usually leave reviews but I made an exception for this place because the food and service was outstanding. The sushi is some of the best I've ever had and the prices are wonderful. The couple next to us were new to Asian cuisine and the manager was very friendly and taught them a lot about the menu and the different entrees that they offer. He even offered the lady a different selection of sushi free of charge because it was her first time trying it and she didn't like the raw sushi. I would recommend this place to anyone and will definitely be going back in the future.We have ordered delivery from here on 3 or 4 occasions.  The first time we ordered the service was timely, the food packaging was on point (all the necessary dipping sauces, plasticware, and fortune cookies were packed neatly), and the food presentation and taste were absolutely delicious.  I even went as far as to write on the menu that it was the best japanese/Chinese takeout we had ever had.
        Unfortunately, things went way downhill from there when we ordered our second and third time.  The food was totally different- greasy, no pretty presentation, and loosely rolled sushi.  I don't know if they changed chefs, but it is definitely not the same food quality.  We will not be giving them another chance.Popped in on a whim, was craving sushi. Got the California roll bento box lunch special to go. Came with miso, California roll, chicken satay, rice, and salad all in generous portions. After tax a little over $9. Super cute inside, server was  friendly. Decided to try their Pad Thai and lemon grass soup.  Unfortunately this war a bust. Lemon grass soup was spicy like always but the taste was just a little off from what it should be. Also mushrooms in the soup were old and rubbery. Pad Thai had no sauce! Usually it has the tamarind sort of  pinksish sauce. Nothing! All the fixing but no sauce. Weird. Didn't eat it until I was at work on the night shift or I would have called just to see if maybe it was a mess up. But they won my heart and my stomach with their lunch special and the deliver to me! So hell yes ordering again!Decided to check this place out based on yelp reviews and I was very impressed with their sushi.  I did take out and everything that was ordered turned out amazing. ..will continue to visit this establishment. ..Tokyo Mandarin has become the local sushi place to go to. The restaurant has a 50% off sushi deal on Tuesdays and Wednesday's that are amazing to go to. I honestly wish more people took advantage of this deal, because it's really worth it.
The top three things that I've ordered that I would order again are the Eel Avocado Roll, Shrimp Tempura Roll, and the Tokyo East Roll. The Tokyo East Roll is a speciality roll that's worth it! The soft-shell crab is what makes it delicious. 
I always come back here for half off sushi! It's completely worth it and be ready to order a lot!!I had some pretty low expectation placed on this place because the restaurants around the area wasn't something special. 
I ordered a spicy lobster roll when they were having the 50% off and I have to say, this was actually pretty good. It left an impression on me because this taste wasn't something you can get at the buffet on city man ave. 
Now for my entree, I ordered roast pork udon. A pretty big mistake because the broth was almost tasteless. The roast pork was just Chinese BBQ pork and the flavor wasn't quite the same because it was siting in the broth. It was an okay meal but I would only come back for the sushi.Favorite spot for Sushi in Philly! Very friendly service and nice atmosphere. 50% off Sushi Menu Everyday All day (Tuesday-Sunday)!  + BYOB ! Love this place :DMy husband and I ordered delivery from there for the first time today and we are highly disappointed. After my husband repeated our phone number/address to whoever that picked up the phone for about 15 minutes, we finally got to order 1 Spicy Tuna Roll Bento Box and 1 California Roll Bento Box. Let's just say we were NOT satisfied when our order was delivered. The rolls were soggy and the spicy tuna roll itself wasn't presentable, nor did it taste good. Their chicken satay, rice, and salads were at least edible. This will definitely be the FIRST and LAST time we're ordering from them.Great service! Spicy girl roll was great. Not the best sushi I've had but the price, ambiance and location was fantastic. Did not like the shrimp tempura or spicy tuna. Here per say was too simple. My favorite was the Tokyo East roll. Must have the mochi! It was delicious after!Not sure if eating in is the same caliber of food opposed to take out but I ordered the bento box, walnut shrimp, and the Pad Thai. Bento box didn't even look like a typical bento box. The walnut shrimp was a bit disappointing since I'm used to the Chinatown version. The sauce that was already on the shrimp was some kind of ketchup based sauce. The mayo comes In a cup for you to pour on yourself. Mayo + ketchup + shrimp=odd. Wasn't bad but it could definitely be a lot better. Chinatowns version is lightly fried and a little bit crispy with just mayo sauce. The pad Thai was alright. Just alright because this is a "Tokyo" "Mandarin" place. What do they know about Thai food. And NO, not all Asian cultures are the same.Great place. Very good food and great prices. The interior is nicely decorated, and the staff is friendly. My only complaint is that it can be hard to get them on the phone at lunchtime to put an order in.Usually sushi places around the northeast is mediocre but Surprisingly the Sushi here is fresh, delicious and the price is reasonable. The service was quick and the staff were very polite and accommodating. The only negative thing I have to say about this place is that their sushi roll options were very limited compared to other places such as shogun or Sakura but overall I had a great experience and I'm planning to come back soon. FYI: 50% off sushi is only on Tuesdays-Wednesdays and its BYOB. I'm so glad I don't have to travel to Bensalem just to get 50% off sushi.Seriously amazing, fresh sushi and many other amazing dishes. You must try the all you can eat menu! Wonderful food and great service too!The food is good. Sushi rolls are great. Great customer service. Thanks for having us. Also, try their sirachi wings!I have to say this place is not for a real sushi lover . the rolls where small and the spicy sauce tasted like mayo my husband and I was really disappointed I would give this place 1 star but the service was ok . if you can please avoid going here its not worth it at allHighly recommend - In a sea of Castor Avenue take-out options, this lovely little spot is a gem. The service is excellent. The ambiance is pleasant and clean.  If that wasn't enough, they have HALF-PRICE SUSHI on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. They serve Chinese food as well. We tried both and devoured it all.  The sushi was very good, and the Chinese-style vegetable dish was tasty. The lo mein was just okay but that didn't stop us from eating all of it.  We will definitely return.Still pretty mediocre sushi. There's nothing that makes it stand out from the other sushi places in the area. I had the kani kappa salad and it wasn't mix yet so I had to mix the cucumber and the crab mayo salad and let it sit for a few minutes so the flavor mends together. A downside is that it started to taste a bit salty.
Now I also ordered stir fry udon because I was a bit hungry. It took them waaaaaaay too long to make my food. Might be because the chef was eating lunch while I was eatting my salad and started late. But c'mon now, I'm super hungry cause I didn't eat all day.I was driving by and saw a sign for half price sushi. This place is fantastic! You walk in and are greeted with a warm smile. There are so many different rolls that it's hard to choose one. So I didn't! The food was perfectly prepared from the hot and sour soup to the shrimp tempura rolls. By the time I finished the sushi there was no room for my bento box. This place does not only serve Japanese but Chinese too. Everything was so fresh and came out on time. There was no waiting and its definitely one of my new favorite spots! I've had a lot of sushi  but never at a place so friendly and professional. I'd recommend this place to anyone who want great sushi and a nice setting.My go to place for sushi  and now they have 50% off sushi everyday! Great bang for your buck. I suggest the Angry lobster roll and the Kani kappa salad.Love this place!!!! Sushi is delicious and service is great!! Fresh products and a nice clean atmosphere.Definitely one of the better sushi places in the Northeast. They have quite a few sushi rolls that are very good. The place is very nice and has plenty of seating. I usually don't eat in but pick up on a regular basis. Would definitely recommend to family and friends.Awesome service and great food! Must have sriracha wings!! You will not be disappointed and its 50% off!!! You can't beat that!Maybe I'm just spoiled by the amazing sushi in my area and I normally would not post a bad review unless it was really that horrible and I knew I would never be stepping foot in that place again. I looked for a sushi place in the area where I was for work and this place seemed to have food reviews, well I'm sorry people you're all wrong! From the moment I walked in the door to place a to go order the customer service as horrible, not even a hello. So the "speciality" rolls were so bland it was just terrible! The rice had a sweet weird taste to it, just overall pure disappointment!! 
That was a total waste of money since I threw everything out. The only reason this place got a 1 star is because I couldn't give it zero. I would never recommend anyone who have good taste in food at allI used to go to New Kin on Cottman Ave. They are no longer there, so I had to find a new place to get good Chinese food while at work. This place is better than NewKin. 
  The menu is great as is the food. The portions are generous and the price is fair. I'm glad I found this place.Sushi is really good, only complaint is maybe tighten up the rolls, but over very good and nice size!!Love this place the sushi is very good and it's really affordable . I haven't sat in but I've Dined out and the food taste as if they freshly served it !Amazing food and great service! Fresh sushi, amazing chinese menu and  byob! We come here once a week to get our fix or our week just isn't right. Very clean!Delicious and very reasonably priced. All the rolls, even the specialty ones were half off. Nice ambiance too!Best sushi ever! Awesome prices too and perfect location. I hate going to the city because it's crowded and finding parking is annoying . Sad this place closed, does anyone know why?I was delighted to have been tipped off about this  little gem.  Walking into this place, you forget you just walked in off castor ave.  I've gotten take out as well as eaten in.  The restaurant is super clean and the service is excellent.  The food is fresh and they have lunch and sushi specials daily.  The menu is extensive and they are accommodating with dietary substitutions.  I don't eat meat and they have plenty of vegetable and vegetarian choices!  I love this place.  I work down the street and have driven by it many times and didn't realize it was there until it was recommended it to me.  I can always count on a healthy and decently priced lunch or dinner in the midst of a lot of other greasy options....5 stars without question...enjoy!I was delighted to have been tipped off about this  little gem.  Walking into this place, you forget you just walked in off castor ave.  I've gotten take out as well as eaten in.  The restaurant is super clean and the service is excellent.  The food is fresh and they have lunch and sushi specials daily.  The menu is extensive and they are accommodating with dietary substitutions.  I don't eat meat and they have plenty of vegetable and vegetarian choices!  I love this place.  I work down the street and have driven by it many times and didn't realize it was there until it was recommended it to me.  I can always count on a healthy and decently priced lunch or dinner in the midst of a lot of other greasy options....5 stars without question...enjoy!Definitely a gem in NE. Very good quality sushi for an unbeatable price!! Been here 5 times already & was satisfied with all my visits :) This is now my go-to place when I'm craving sushi. I only order sushi when I'm here, so I can't say much for non-sushi food :/Living in NE Philly, it's hard to find a quality sushi spot without having to drive down to the city. When Tokyo Mandarin opened, I was a little skeptical, but gave it a try. My BF & I have gone there at least 5 times now & we have NEVER (*knocks on wood*) been disappointed. 
Food & Service:
We have tried their sashimi & nigiri plenty of times. The quality of the fish is pretty good. Our favorite roll is the Kamikaze. Definitely, a must order! The service is friendly & attentive. The owner is very hospitable. Overall, every dining experience I've had at Tokyo Mandarin so far, has been great!
Basic Info: 
The sushi is 50% off & there is a parking lot that's kind of hidden on the right side of the restaurant. There is also street parking. They close Monday's, just an FYI. I found out the hard way. HAHA! They also serve Chinese food if you don't like sushi. I have not tried anything else, but the sushi, but my friends have & I've only heard positive feedback from them. :)Yummm SUSHI!
Sushi is my all time favorite food, how can you ever go wrong? 
My BF and I came here with two of homies Ling and Brian after our gym sesh and I'm glad they showed us this place!
Food is pretty cheap. I thought prices were pretty reasonable.
The rolls are delicious! I think I liked every roll my BF and I got but I have no idea what they're called. The sashimi and nigiri is also pretty fresh. The owner also gives some type of complimentary appetizer, which was nice. 
Service was good since we were the last group there haha.
I'd come here again especially since it's so close to Powerhouse gym and if we decide to train there again.I came here to eat several times and the food is always great! I also came here with my friends and we had really great service from the owner. I couldn't find any other sushi place that was as good as Tokyo Mandarin and I love the 50% off all sushi deal. Although they did mess up my take-out order a few times, but it's fine since they fixed it up in a jiffy. I order the same thing every time I visit and the price differs between hosts/hostesses. Nonetheless, décor is amazing and the bathroom is a plus!
Okay, after going back with a few friends for dinner, they done messed up my order AGAIN. They got a new waitress so I let it slide. I ordered a Philly roll to go and they do not use smoked salmon, they use imitation crab meat. It was basically a California roll with fish eggs on the rice. I just face-palmed when I saw it. Overall 3.5/5.
Now an update, after like 10 more times ordering out ; I ordered 8 crab rangoons but was given 6 with mayo??? I love crab rangoons, but if you're gonna give me mayo as a side sauce, I will flip out. Ugh disgusting. I also ordered Bean Curd Szechuan Style which I was given an okay portion of rice and oh god, a giant container filled with the sauce. I thought they forgot the rest of the ingredients until I poured everything out little by little. Nonetheless, it was good, just need to add more ingredients and less sauce. Singapore rice noodle has way too much oil and it was really bland to me. I have a love/hate relationship with this restaurant.I thought this place was great. Excellent sushi and excellent service make this a place I will definitely go to againBest.Chinese.in.NEPhilly
Thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I was able to satisfy my craving for GOOD Chinese last night. I called in an order and went to pick it up. I picked it up 15 minutes later and I was greeted by an extremely sweet waitress. She rang my order up and it was a little less than $40, but I ordered A LOT. Here is a summary of what I tasted and how it was: 
Shrimp Lo Mein~Excellent. Filled with shrimp and a nice sized portion.
Egg Drop Soup-Mediocre 
Spring Rolls-very good, but too much shrimp inside 
sushi-excellent
General Tso Chicken-I didn't try this, but my husband said it was good
There is a parking lot on the side of the restaurant and a clean, nicely decorated dining room. This place is a gem in NE Philly and waayy better than Chinese Restaurants in the surrounding suburbs. I will definitely be frequenting.5 stars for the food and prices, 0 or the service. All was going perfect until we asked to split the bill, then it got weird. The girl at the front was complaining in Japanese to our server about not writing our checks separate, which turned into the server screaming at her and us because nobody asked ahead of time to it. Wasn't a huge party or huge bill but somehow this was a huge task. On a lighter note, the food was very good.