Very authentic and prices are reasonable. Naomi tofu is made with silken tofu and extra spicy. Soup dumplings are fresh and delicious. Don't be fooled by the location next to the Chinatown bus station, it's amazing food. We get it here every time we visitsFried pork soup dumpling is the best, and the pork pocket is also delicious. Good rendition of mapo tofu and pork with sauce noodles. Bok choy is also really good. Not as refined as some other dim sum gardens but really who cares. The taste is what counts.fast and efficient. the hot and sour soup was spicy and flavorful but too loaded with bamboo shoots (I don't know, maybe that's the authentic version). the Shanghai pork steamed dumplings were incredibly tasty. when you bite into one it literally explodes with juicy flavor in your mouth.We went to eat here after going to Reading Terminal Market.  We ordered the dumplings which was very good and warm.  It was nice and juicy.  I kind of forgot what else we ordered :(  But it was good.  I would definitely recommend.I don't like to write negative reviews but Philadelphia Magazine recently named Tom's soup dumplings Best of Philly, and I think a retort is needed. These XLB are different from the ones previously served at this location,  and have a thin, biteless broth that cannot rival the savory pouches at Dim Sum Garden. The dumpling sauce does nothing to improve the taste, and probably makes it worse. I eat soup dumplings at least once weekly, and cannot in good conscience eat here when DSG is around the corner.A few years ago I found a tiny dim sum shop here while in Philly for work. Back in Philly again and went to go back to the tiny hole in the wall under the bridge and it wasn't there. But in its place was Tom's and this was worth the stop. Pork soup dumplings are a good gauge for a place I haven't been yet and these were great.  Add in the crispy scallion pancake and I had way too much food for just $10. Will have make sure this is on my list when I come back.It was ok.  Its right next to the Wawa and Greyhound bus station.  They had a variety of juicy buns and they had bubble tea.  It actually wasn't cheap.  Each dish was $5-7 for the dim sum.  And they didn't have shumai or beef noodles.  They noted that they were Shanghai style only, no Cantonese.Was in the mood for some Ramen in Philly but i could not find anything. I walked by this place and was like hey let me try. I can say food was excellent. I had the for appertizer shrimp dumpling...perfect. The food came out quick, shrimp fried rice and scallion pancakes. I recommend trying.  The staff was great.Wow - when you first get in there is a huge line, but it moves very quickly. The food was AMAZING though the resturant is load and crowded. Was such a fun night out. I would recomend bringing friends to share the food with.
Reminder: this place does not have carts - you do arder of the menu.
Best items: bok choy, soup dumplings, moon cakesWe ordered takeout dim sum this week. It's great! The prices were very reasonable and the dim sum was pretty good for those prices. It's not the most flavorful we've had, but definitely better than your average chinese food, and the prices/selection put it as a must try.
I recommend any noodle or noodle soup dish with their handmade noodles (so good) and the scallion pancakes as must gets.Service was excellent.  Dumplings with soup inside?  Try them...you will love them.  We also had shrimp dim sum and scallion pancakes.  We each had a bowl of soup, one beef and one chicken.  We were stuffed and couldn't finish all the soup.  The broth was just right.  Didn't need to add a thing.  Added the ginger sauce to the scallion pancakes and then went from excellent to brilliant.   We will definitely eat here again if we return to Philly.This is a little place tucked underneath the hotel and is often overlooked. I find their soup dumplings so, so good. My girlfriend and I usually share two orders of dumplings and a scallion pancake for a quick lunch before walking around. This place is a bit cheaper than Dim Sum Garden, and no quality is lost.
The decor is really nice as it is still relatively new and definitely clean. It is really comfortable in their, but it doesn't get much natural light because of its location - not that it matters much. They aren't usually busy, but I hope they will because the quality of the food and decor deserves it.As much as I wanted to love this place, the food I got tasted pretty average. Shrimp and broccoli was just ok. Though to be fair, that dish isn't too inspired and there's probably only so much you can do with it. Shanghai pan-fried buns were ok too, but the meat was a bit too saucy for my preferences. It's one of my favorite foods, so I'm familiar with how they're traditionally made. I would definitely come back sometime, but try out their other menu items, like the soup dumplings.First impressions were a little unnerving: the seating area consists of about 7-8 tables with an unusual fro-yo section in front of the counter. I ordered a bubble tea to start off and I have to say, not good. While I got a traditional milk bubble tea with pearls, I saw the man behind the counter putting the powdered base into the plastic container. The taste was similar: chalky and unappealing. So sad because milk bubble tea is one of my most favorite beverages and it is so easy to make.
I ordered the sesame seed chicken for dinner. My friends gushed on the soup but the chicks was quite sweet. The rice tasted like minute rice, right out of the microwave. 
Not a bad experience. I was filled up and took respite from the cold. But it could be better.- TIP:  Soup dumplings. Scallion Pancakes.  
- CON:  Everything else is fine; I wish they didn't have so much other dishes on the menu and instead would be focused on more dim sum.  Would love to see BBQ Pork Buns or Egg Tarts.
- BOTTOM LINE:   Great Dim Sum, although limited selection.  Too much everything else.  But absolutely excellent value (we were all stuffed for less than $10/pp)This was an ok dim sum place. Can't compare to Dim sum garden tho. The service was good, although they should hire somebody with better English. This "blonde" hair kid couldn't explain to us what is the beef pancakes is. The place do have a nice decor. Bathroom was very clean. Might come back to try other dishes, but def not dim sum. Their crystal shrimp, chicken dumplings n Pork n chives dumplings are small size(I don't know why). Their price is affordable. If you're looking for a good soup dumplings, then Dim sum garden is your place. If you're already in love w/ that place, I'd say stay thereThought I try something new while in philly and stumbled into this restaurant.  It appeared to be authentic and from my lack of knowledge, I believe it was.  And if so, I'm not a fan of authentic Chinese food :-( 
the portions were big but no flavor in the seafood rice noodle bowl.  The dish dumplings were good.  The price is very good for what I got.  Two items in good portions for $15.  
Service was good even with the language barrier.  I would try again, but I would ask for their opinion on a dish to try.  It was a good experience.I always walk by this restaurant so I decided to try them out last night. I ordered shrimp in garlic sauce with white rice along with an order of spring rolls. The food was just ok..nothing special about it. The shrimps were big but all of the vegetables took away from the dish. The spring rolls were bland and very small for the price. I may give them another shot and try a different dish. Hopefully the food is more flavorful next time.The resto is pretty new and cozy but not the food
Portion are too small 
The people who work there are nice
But it won't make me comeback again
Taste so so...sorry
Usually if I'm hungry everything taste better but when you know how to cook 
You know which good food good cooked
I spent $30 bucks 
I can get good food on other Chinese resto around Chinatown 
Once again Yelp and the picture manipulated me made me want to try!
Tom's and Dim sum garden are no different not a fan.
Lots of white peoples eating in meaning the place is good(new,clean,decorations),about the taste well..not so much.
But if you want to know good asian food,you must see the place full of asian eating in it means Asian approved and the food taste good lol...Talk about turning your stomach, literally. I almost barfed because the mystery meat puffs were greasy as all get out. The shrimp fried rice seemed to be already cooked rice and eggs and they just added shrimp that they cooked for two seconds. None of my party (even the ones who are a part of the culture) enjoyed this restaurant. I would never return.We looked for a good place to eat while we were at the Liberty bell. This was a bit of a walk in hot weather, but well worth it! The Dim Sum was delicious! I didn't write down what we had, but one was chicken dumplings, one was Shanghai Shumai, and I think the other was a vegetable dumpling. They were all delicious!. The food came out quickly, and our servers were very attentive. When the check came, I was quite surprised at how small the check was! I wish we lived close to here, so I could eat here often!What I got was gross. "Handmade" vegetable stir fried noodles, added fried tofu. The portion was small but plenty filling. But overall the dish was soggy, oily, and salty. The fried tofu was thin and dark brown. I wouldn't go back.After leaving a 2-star review for Tom's. I am constantly being attacked by one Yelp's user named Jiawei. I am making an assumption that he is related to Tom's because he has only left one Yelp review so far from his account and It was for Tom's. All the comments he left for me were offensive (profanity, etc.) This kind of customer service is absolutely unacceptable. Never again.This place is horrible. The dim sum tastes like gum. I have been to Dim Sum Garden so many times and decided since this place had good reviews, I would try it. Horrible mistake. The scallion pancakes were covered in grease, the vegetable dumplings fell apart, the shrimp dumplings had a texture of rubber...need I say more. Never coming here again.The pork soup dumpling is AWESOME!!!! you have to try it here. It is the best that I have ever had. The spicy chicken however was not ok. It was too dry and not spicy at all. We asked for extra spicy but it was not at all spicy. The service was good and the food came fast too.Silly me. I thought I was ordering delivery from Dim Sum Garden, but apparently I ordered delivery from the Original Dim Sum Garden. With all the hype about Dim Sum Garden, I was super excited to try it. Luckily, I've never eaten at either location before so therefore no comparisons or disappointment was needed. 
I ended up with some pretty yummy Chinese food. My hubby and I went to town and ordered the hot & spicy soup, chili cabbage shredded pork soup, Pork with Sauce Noodle, the chives & pork dumplings and finally the scallion pancake. 
I didn't love the soups. This was my first foray into both hot & spicy and chili cabbage shredded pork so it was probably more a personal preference thing. The hot & spicy soup was thick with egg, tofu and noticeable peppers. I found it hard to eat after a while. The shredded pork soup was a broth that just got boring to eat after a while. You live, you learn.
On the other hand, the rest of the order rocked! This was hands down the best scallion pancake I've ever had. It was kind of greasy, but in a good way. It was soft and full of scallion with each bite. The pepper dipping sauce was a killer edition. The chive and pork dumplings were also really great. There was an option for steamed or fried so we went with steamed. While they were still technically small dumplings, they were pretty stuffed and not tiny. There were 10 to an order for about $6.00 which I thought was a good deal. 
The star of the show was the Pork with Sauce Noodle. We opted for the hand-made noodles and declined the option soup. I've had similar dishes but nothing exactly like it. It was really flavorful and tasty. 
Next time I'd probably give them a try in person though. The $5.99 Grubhub delivery fee was a little steep. The food was pretty inexpensive so that could have gone to an entire extra item. 
So I didn't eat from the restaurant I wanted, but I ended up with another good option in ChinatownThis place was nearby the Philadelphia convention center. This place was mostly cash only, unless you spend at least $15, then you can use a credit card.
The service was nice and quick. I came here with a large group one night. The next day, I came here for lunch and the owner recognized me from the group in the previous evening.
I've had better dim sum, but for the price and location, you cannot go wrong with them. I'm glad they were open late!Delicious food 
Affordable specially for a college student living on a budget 
Great service !!!!!!!!! very attentiveI struggled to decide between 4-5 stars but went with 4 and I will say that's only because I wish the soup dumplings were better. On the other hand, the pork fried rice was something amazing and my mouth salivates even thinking about it. However they cook it, it baffles me. Truly exceptional. 
We also ordered the fried chicken dumplings (delicious) and pork buns (little dough-y but tasty). 
Highly recommend!The food was great. It was so cold in the place that we had to eat with heavy coats onThis place was sadly overrated. The scallion pancake was the best thing we had but everything else was just too full of meat and wasn't cooked properly. Things were either overdone or goopy.My girlfriend and I ate here because it was across from our hotel. We were very glad we did. Great food, including soup dumplings. Efficient and friendly service. Really good price. Would definitely come back.Oh yeah! Let me say it again, Oh yeah!!!! I finally found the place that I've been looking for. I ordered to have delivered, loved the food SO much. Fresh, hand made, not that frozen stuff that is "eh, okay" but this is made with TLC, and it shows. The dumplings are incredible, all kinds of them, but even the noodle dishes are made by hand and even the staple/standard items like kung pao chicken are delightfully textured and sauced with care. AND THE SOUP, OMG... I've been looking for a place this good for such a long time and it is inexpensive too. Next time I will go there in person. I am so happy to have found this place.We love coming here for a delicious dinner! I'm not crazy about dim sum myself, but if you are, this is definitely the place to get it. They have so many options that you're bound to find at least one if not several that you want to try. We recommend the soup dumplings for sure. I usually get the general tso's chicken. It's really good and fills me up. Other things on the menu taste great too-- appetizers and entrées alike. The service is excellent. We've had big groups several times and we're always well taken care of. We were even given the back room once for a birthday party, and they played a happy birthday song for us. It was so sweet! Side note, the bathrooms are also super clean. 
Overall I love the food at Tom's and have yet to be disappointed after coming here many times. If you're in the area, check it out!I almost don't want to give five stars because I don't want the place to become over crowded, but it would be a betrayal to give anything less. It's probably my favorite restaurant in the city. I enjoy coming at odd hours, between meals, and sitting with hot tea and enjoying some delicious dim sum, offered during their entire open hours, not just lunch time. Of course, the dumplings are amazing (and not just the pork soup ones, ALL the dumplings), but I love the cold noodles and the garlic Chinese broccoli even more.  I try to order one new dish and some old stand-bye every time I go, but my problem has been choosing from so many good options. I also highly recommend the soups on a cold day, take your pick from the noodle soups.I only ate the soup dumplings, so I can only vouch for those. They're about 6 bucks for 8 and super tasty. Probably as good as Din Tai Fung (but I haven't had those in awhile). They steam them fresh for you, so I would probably recommend calling about 5 minutes ahead so they're ready when you get there. The restaurant itself is kinda dingy, so you might want to take out.We've ordered from here now a few times. It took a little while to figure out what our favorite order was. So far, our favorites are the: pan seared beef dumplings, friend pork chive dumplings, and chicken fried rice. The general tsos was so pretty good too!Even with the new look/ remodel of this place. They never disappoint. Their fried rice is so light and never greasy. I ordered pork friend dumplings and they were so good, warm and a lot came with a single order. Drift leg enough for two people or leftovers!!this place has the best soup dumplings! Portion sizes are perfect and flavors are awesome!A guy who works at the Hungry Dumpling place in Queen Village told me he loves Philly's Chinatown and I told him I needed a good place for lunchtoday. Even though he makes (really good) dumplings at HD, he said his fav place is Tom's. So I went today with a friend. I'll definitely be back Tom! We tried the dumplings and an order of stir fried noodles with chicken. Both were great and - shoot - lunch was just $12 for the two of us and we were pretty full. (Finished up with a pastry from KC Pastries a block away and the lunch trip was wonderful.This place looks pretty shady. But if there was ever a spot that played into the whole "looks can be deceiving" thing, this would be the place. This is my go to spot for a quick dumpling meal when I'm either in Philly or traveling - the Greyhound bus station is right around the corner. It's a very simple spot with some tables and chairs set up. No frills. However the food here is amazing and it's so cheap! The soup dumplings are so yummy and come out hot. I tried a few of the other dumplings and shumai here. All worth getting! I think honestly every time I come here whether by myself or with a group I've never really spent more than $15 and I always leave very full and happy.Cannot say enough good things about this place. I have lived in Philly for a year searching for passable General Tso's Chicken. I'm not even that picky, like I'll totally pound Panda Express at the mall. But for whatever reason Philly seems to struggle. NOT AT TOM'S. The general tso's were great, the pork soup dumplings were INCREDIBLE, along with the Beef Chow Fun dish. SUPER cheap too!! The owner is extremely nice and hilarious as well. He asked how we liked the food and when we told him how awesome everything was, he kept thanking us. Because "if you didn't like it, I'd go out of business and my wife would kill me. You saved my life!" He repeated the joke often, and I laughed every single time. GREAT place.Tom's DimSum gets 3.5 stars. The food is good, not great. I'm from Hawaii and my husband is from Northern Virginia so we're used to great dim sum and Chinese Restaurants and waiting in line before the doors open.
- no cart service, everything is made to order. They should consider cart service 
- no line before they opened 
- only a couple of other tables filled after us
- they charged us for a 2nd bowl of rice (2 of us has to share 1 bowl??)
- Fried Shanghai Pork Soup Buns (no real soup, just in the name) and Scallion Pancakes have overrated reviews 
The good stuff!
- Beef with Hot Peppers and Bok Choy is good 
- clean bathrooms 
- real Chinese people 
- TVs so we could watch the OlympicsAfter writing the below, I decided to give Tom's another try. The dumplings were better than i remembered,  and the table sauce sweeter. It's still not Dim Sum Garden, but deserves a better grade.Vegetable Buns!! Should be on an episode of "Best thing I ever ate!". I will return to get these again definitely. Next time I'm ordering more. The place has very friendly staff. Go!Now that's a nice plate of 小笼包 (steamed soup buns). Haven't had anything good for a while but Tom's really saved the day. Although...the vegetable buns are actually stuffed with 韭菜炒蛋 (Chinese chives and eggs) so if you're not a fan...We were a party of ten with kids on a busy Saturday night. Service was good as our plates were served hot and quickly, timed perfectly as the dish before was finished. Highlights were the Scallion Pancakes, Crystal Shrimp dumplings, HK shumai, pan fried noodles with chicken, and the won ton soup broth was so tasty! Everyone left satisfied. Will return and definitely recommend to others.Overall: 5
Service: 5
Food: 5
Restaurant ambiance: non-existent & don't care.
Price: 5
Authentic dim sum. Good rice plates. Great pricing. 2 of us loaded the table with food for $30 total. Can't beat that!Pork Soup Dumplings are way on point. This is the best dim sum we have had in Chinatown. I don't know what happened to dim sum garden, but it's all crae over there right now. Tom's is my go to for dim sum. I roll in on my dolo sometimes too, no awkwardness.Awesome Dim Sum! Hesitant at first bc of location but am so happy I tried this amazing little place! Great Pork Soup dumpling, cucumber salad was banging!My mom and I went late in the evening and was expecting food to be somewhat "old" and just reheated but we were WRONG! As soon as we walked in, we were greeted with a smile and a menu. I told the owner(?) that I wanted food to go and he smiled and said that's fine (small language barrier but not bad). The food, we just got chicken and friend rice to be on the safe side but now I wish we got more food!!! Clean restaurant, clean kitchen and food tastes and is freshly made. Wonderful service and great tasting food. Definitely a hidden gem!Went put to lunch here with a coworker. Nothing to write home about. Just your standard Chinese restaurant. There are quite a number of established dim sum places in the area such as dim sum garden that you should try before coming here.We ordered this through Postmates, hungry on a Friday night. A group of out of towners at a hotel. It took some time to arrive, but it was sooo perfect! Everything was hot and fresh. My favorites were the vegetable dumpling (fried), chicken dumpling (fried), and scallion pancake. The soy sauce had a sweetness to it, that was awesome.
Our group also ordered the Shanghai pork pan fried buns, and veggie bun, which everyone else seemed to enjoy. It was 5 dishes for about $24! Really good and pretty cheap. Highly recommend, especially when you're hungry late at night!Tastes like regular takeout. Portions are okay. Didnt really enjoy it. Also gave us a stomach ache.The first time I went to this place I was skeptical because it is under an overpass and not quite inside of Chinatown; however, the moment I tried the food I was immediately converted into a believer. I have returned countless times and have always found the food to be delicious, the service to be speedy and friendly, and the location to be clean. The scallion pancake is the best scallion pancake you will ever have. The pork soup dumplings are also delicious. The bill is always crazy cheap and I always leave completely satisfied with my dim sum experience.I heard a lot of good things about Tom's, but was underwhelmed with the food here overall. At 9pm on a Friday, there was a line to sit down so be prepared to wait. There are a lot of 4 top tables and not a lot of 2 top ones, so a lot of table space goes to waste with one couple sitting at a table that could fit 4. They would be better off having smaller but more tables. The wait wasn't too bad though. It's byo so make sure you do.
The menu is large and a little overwhelming. We ended up getting pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, cucumber salad, pork bun, and shrimp fried rice. The soup dumplings were good, but I wasn't blown away. I've had similar if not better ones at other local dim sum places. The scallion pancakes were crispy and probably the best thing we ate. The pork bun was fine, nothing special but cheap for 1.75/one. The cucumber salad was my least favorite dish. It was gloppy and mushy, full of cucumber seeds. The texture overall was off putting and I was disappointed since I love the cucumber salad at Dim Sum garden and was in the mood for something light and refreshing to go with all the other heavy oily food. The shrimp fried rice was so salty it was almost inedible. 
The place is cheap but the quality just isn't there. I would get the soup dumplings again, but most likely wouldn't come back just for that.Went here just for the xiao long bao! I have to say its pretty good. They have hands down the best sauce to dip it in..its slightly sweet and very delicious. I wish more places offered this sauce. 
Scallion pancakes were also yummy!
Oo also the prices are super cheap. We got two orders of the soup dumplings and a scallion pancake for 16 dollars!I am so happy to see this place reviewed well!  I have eaten the Soup Dumplings on so many occasions, but recently sat down for the full monty.  I LOVE THIS PLACE EVEN MORE!  Super friendly atmosphere, food comes out as it is cooked, incredibly reasonably priced, and absolutely delicious.  Five Stars.We come here quite often to have soup dumplings. And so far loved the place until today. We ordered our regular soup dumplings, and we realized half of it were broken. And when we told them, they said we didn't show them that it was broken prior to eating the dumplings and refused to listen to what we had to say. They made a very big deal if the fact that we didn't show it to them before eating one of the dumplings. The lady and gent who were working were extremely rude and tried to tell us that we were wrong. The lady walked away as I was speaking. 
The manager was kind enough to come and apologize. But we will not be visiting this place again.The food was very good. Highly recommend trying the various dumpling options they have and the shrimp with broccoli was the best I've ever had. Will be going there again while in Philadelphia.We've been here 4 times since they reopened in this location. The food and service was always 5 star. Tonight the food was as good as always. However, the service tonight and public behavior of the owners was bad. 
The man/woman owners were sitting in dining room appearing to be doing bookkeeping. They were oblivious to how disruptive they were to customers nearby from their loud bickering and taking several family phone calls on the LOUD computer speakers.    
The servers were unusually inept. They seemed distracted, lots of whispering and paranoid looks. They left our table dirty after clearing plates.Mediocre dim sum to say the least. Anybody who rates this place well has obviously never come across real dim sum.It's fast and convenient. Takes credit card. The restaurant is very conveniently located next to Reading Terminal, and it's clean and modern-looking. The service is very fast and friendly, and probably the best aspect of this place. Dim sum all the time. 
Scallion pancake: crunchy and you get plenty for the price. I think there were 10 pieces?
Xiaolongbao (pork soup dumplings): very rich and flavorful, but a bit overwhelming too. Whatever the pork broth is, it is tasty the first bite but gets thick and tastes too strong. 
Xiajiao (crystal shrimp dumplings): small and bite-sized. Wasn't super flavorful but wasn't bad either.
Hong Kong-style shumai: solid and very flavorful. 
Overall, solid and affordable experience, but wouldn't go out of my way to come here. Will probably come back in the future if craving dim sum.Very good service, everyone was attentive and pleasant. Had Dim Sun and it was lacking flavor a bit but the shrimp fried rice was pretty good and light.  Family also had sesame chicken wasn't too bad but wasn't great either, little dry. Their steamed pork buns was just a meat pie turned into a bun. No flavor, they should include a sweet pork bun, that would probably do much better. We ordered 4, but only finished 1.Glad I made the stop here. Had several dim sum dishes which were all delicious and flavorful - however the dumpling skims were a little too thick for my personal liking, a hot and sour soup which I typically dislike but it was great here, the seaweed salad was tasty. Would definitely return and encourage anyone to give it a tryI got it to go, should have eaten there, but it was fresh and hot! I will probably go back later this week. Good clean welcoming vibe and good food very reasonably priced, what more could you want at the end of a long travel day?!I've lived in the Philly area for 4.5 years and after having soup dumplings at Din Tai Fung in LA, I was surprised to find that we had soup dumplings in Philly as well!  Back a few years ago when we started going, this location was called "Dim Sum Garden" and the other one on Race Street was called "Dim Sum Garden 2".  We went to DSG2 and I felt the soup dumplings were yummy, but the dumpling skins were a little too thick. Then we went here and found that the soup dumplings were so good, with dumpling skins that were thin and absolutely tasty.  Anytime we're in the area, (as we live in the burbs), we always stop by to pick up some soup dumplings to enjoy.  To the folks that have posted tips from late 2014 til now, this location is not an imposter.  They have changed the name of the Race St location from Dim Sum Garden 2 to Dim Sum Garden, and they have changed the name of this location from Dim Sum Garden to Originial DIm Sum Garden.  My understanding is that they both owned by the same folks. And the food at both locations are soooo yummy.  The Race Street location has the more hip ambience while this location is more basic, but food is excellent.Tom's offers both good and not so good.  The flavor was right on with the pork soup buns, but they were obviously pre-assembled hours before, the skins being dried. These were also served lukewarm.  Great flavor with disappointing execution. 
Shanghai noodles had a nice subtle curry but lacked seasoning.  Another disappointment in execution. 
Scallion pancakes were everything you would want in this item. Decent flavor, cooked through, and not greasy.
Cucumber salad was the best thing we ordered - refreshing subtle flavors, good for a hot day. 
The menu overall (for dim sum) does not offer as many choices as other area dim sum places.  Drink options are pretty limited.
Our table could have been cleaned better before being seated - it was slightly sticky. 
The price point is good. 
Bathrooms were clean.
Given the quality of other dim sum restaurants available in Chinatown, Tom's was a disappointment, mostly due to a lack of seasoning in the food.  It wasn't bad, there are just other, better options nearby for dim sum.Quick cheap eats. We come here at least once a month. Would rather go here for soup dumplings than wait for a seat at a busier restaurant. Also the only soup dumplings that don't rip during delivery. 
Service is great.Go to Tom's! I always go to Dim Sum Garden and felt like trying something different so we headed to Tom's. Ambience is casual and the service is really fast. 
Get the soup dumplings. We ordered the crab and pork ones and they were so good we got another order. I never thought I'd say this, but I prefer Tom's over Dim Sum Garden. They're sooo juicy, flavorful and addictive. 
The crystal shrimp dumplings were packed with shrimp and delicious. The spring rolls were tasty and not greasy at all. The shanghai noodles with pork were delicious, wish we had more. 
Don't let their location under the overpass fool you. We ordered so much food for 3 people and it was only $33. So affordable. Tom's is a must eat!I really don't know enough about dim sum, but the pork dumplings were like a fantastic mcgriddle sandwich.Surprisingly satisfied! As a vegetarian dim sum places are tricky to find truly vegetarian options or even decent vegetarian options. This place exceeded my expectations! There are extensive options that are super delicious! Went for lunch and got the vegetarian bun, vegetarian dumplings and scallion pancakes which I definitely recommend! The complimentary tea they brought was great too! We were too full to try dessert but will try next I come back. The staff is very attentive and quick. Decor is gorgeous and great date spot.The pork soup dumplings were large but very greasy that after two or three I would drain the inside out first before eating them. Also had noodle soup and it was alright. Tasted pretty bland but their noodles are handmade which was nice.
It takes credit card with $15 min, and it's a BYOBMy partner and I had intense MSG reaction from the XLB shanghai soup dumplings right after. We walked out feeling like we were having a heart attack. Tight chests and heart palpitations. I knew it was laden with the heaviness of MSG in the first bite but felt like we should give it a try. I'm used to orange county and san gabriel valley, CA chinese food. I didnt expect Din Tai Fung status dumplings but these were unusually heavy. I've never had XLBs with such thick wraps that I had to leave some of the wrapping dough on the plate.
 They're usually paper thin and I personally prefer the lighter clean broth. The broth was brown and heavy. We also had to ask for ginger and mustard separately. Every dim sum spot I've been to sets them on the table automatically. Also the Har Gow aka shrimp dumplings had hardly any shrimp in it and was all heavy dough. The fried chive and pork dumplings were not crispy and one of the dumplings had a gaping hole (an absolute no no in the dim sum world). Despite all these culinary differences (let's just say this place is just influenced by the overall deep fried heavy philly food culture) the excessive use of MSG is what will make me never go eat at this place again. Flavor shouldnt come from chemical flavor enhancers that is known to give you cancer when used in excess but from quality ingredients and the sazon and skill of the chef.  Obviously the food was dumped with MSG when a few soup dumplings can trigger a reaction that intense. I usually get intense MSG reaction when I've had bad vietnamese Pho which involves eating an entire giant bowl of MSG laden broth not a couple of dumplings. Even if this restaurant serves a more americanized clientele who doesnt know any better about authentic and good asian flavors there are savvy asian clientele that demands higher standards. I hope the restaurant tries to aim to meet the standards of more savvy palates in the community because what you serve represents a part of our ethnic culture that is full of amazing culinary arts that shouldnt be misrepresented or badly represented.Staff were very attentive to us as we entered for a table to accomodate our pram. Seated beautifully. 
Provided Chinese tea and iced water for free, both winners. Tea was perfect  
Tonight we had roast duck on rice, 10 Porto and chive fried dumplings, Chinese broccoli  with no garlic and 4 chicken on sticks. 
Everything was very nice, standout was definitely the dumplings, fresh and delicious. 
This place is cheap but serviced with friendly and courteous staff, highly recommend it. 
Not 5 stars only due to needing to try more food. It's a five now after our second night hereNote: this was formerly called "Original Dim Sum Garden" - and NOT related to the excellent placed called Dim Sum Garden on Race street. Note that "TDS" just opened a week ago (March 2016) so all the other reviews here  are for the old restaurant.
Apparently there was some complicated drama with the owners/partners/proprietors of the two places, and now "Tom" has renovated and expanded and finally gotten rid of the confusing duplicate name issue.
The place looks nicer than it was - let's be honest in the past it was a real sh*thole dump.
The wait staff was confused (bringing the wrong dishes to the wrong tables several times) and it seemed there was some issue with the table behind ours, I saw them dissecting a dumpling/bun and pointing to the menu - it was missing an ingredient perhaps?
A table of Chinese people left quite a bit on their plates and didn't seem overjoyed, but I can't say for sure if there was an issue.
Now to the most important thing - the SOUP DUMPLINGS. Yes, since "Dim Sum Garden" is famous for them, they serve them here too.
My verdict? Ehhh. Maybe 3 out of 5 points. I give DSG a full 5 stars (see my reviews I love that place) and not one place on the East coast has better dumplings, so Tom's were nothing special. The broth was very heavy and dark - it seems they put some soy sauce and even perhaps black vinegar in the broth, which makes them more potent and strong than other places.
We had some steamed shrimp dumplings which were nothing special, and the soups were pretty good. They only have canned sodas, no bubble teas or anything, a giant cooler was empty.
Overall, nothing special in my opinion.I like Tom's a lot, and this review is based on 5+ visits. 
Their veggie-based dishes are consistently above average to excellent. Ask about the seasonal vegetable. Last time I went I got a plate of water spinach stir-fried with garlic, and it was vibrantly green, pungent ,and tender. The eggplant with garlic sauce is a favorite of mine because they manage to get the eggplant silky without being oily. I also love the stir-fried string beans-- they're snappy and toothsome and hot, not the lukewarm, overcooked mush you get at many other places. 
Soup dumplings are, unfortunately, their weak link. They're no more than OK. Usually at least one to an order will have split open... Last time I went there were three bursted dumplings. The titular soup is a bit fatty and rarely makes it to the table fully liquefied.  I'll still eat them happily ('cause, whatever, they're soup dumplings), but they're not as good as the ones at many other places in town. 
Overall, despite their name, Tom's isn't best for dim sum. However, it's delicious and cheap for improved versions of American-Chinese stand-bys like Kung Pao chicken or beef with broccoli, fresh and flavorful vegetable entrees, and generously-portioned noodle soups.What a great place!  I was with family at Philly Auto Show. Usually, walk to Chinatown to eat but kinda cold. Saw Tom's Dim Sum on 11th street. There is another one in Media, Delaware County and figured if this was a good experience would try Media since I'm there frequently.
   Well anyway, sorry didn't take photos but very modern, clean(spotless) place. Tables and a counter facing a large window-though view is city street and people boarding the bus to NYC Chinatown.
  Staff was fast and friendly.  Four of us ordered different things all good, shout out to Crab pork soup dumplings-outstanding!! Prices were very reasonable.
   I got a paper menu when leaving and asked if they were affiliated with Tom's in media, PA and they are.Get the steamed pork dumplings! Delish! Also our friend who doesn't like Chinese food got Sweet and Sour chicken and it was so wonderful!!!!I never actually ate here but I got UberEats from here. They delivered to Saks, amazing! 
Anyways, my colleague & I ordered the regular soup dumplings, pan dried dumoljngs, scallion pancake & the crystal shrimp dumplings. 
Absolutely love the scallion pancake, even after the drive from Chinatown to Saks on City Ave, it was still crispy! 
The soup dumplings & the pan fried dumplings were delicious & there was still plenty of soup in the dumplings! 
As for the crystal shrimp dumplings, not a fan. I'll stick to traditional dim sum for those.