Cute Japanese restaurant in Old City. Fresh sushi and amazing ramen. Wonderful customer service! This is my new favorite go to for sushi and ramen. There is a great selection on the menu.I was craving for Ramen when I found this gem, but it wasn't the Ramen that I'm rating here (it falls a bit short comparing to the Ramens I've had in NY). That Steven roll!!! That was one of the best rolls that I've had! Good thing I was pretty hungry and asked for roll recommendations. I was definitely not disappointed. I would love to come back once I visit Philly again.This is simply great Japanese restaurant. Great foods and service. It is surprisingly clean and spotless. I had one of the best Ramen here. I definitely will come back next time I visit Philadelphia.Delicious!!
Walked in late, on a Saturday night but we were welcomed with as nice smile.
The atmosphere is nice, a bright little restaurant that shows attention to the details. 
Now to the food....
The pork buns are amazing! Not fried, light and super tasty, a great starter! 
The unagi sushi was really really good, same for the Margherita roll.
The best for the end...the ramen is exquisite! Bold flavors but not greasy or heavy, the pork is super tender, the ramen at the perfect consistency and the broth....simply amazing! 
Great to have this little gem in Old City!
PS. BYOB, so don't forget your beverages!Overall a good experience! The interior and decorations are really nice and service was good.
We had an early dinner around 5 and it was pretty empty but filled up as it got closer to 6.
We ordered two ramen bowls, two sushi rolls, and a vegan poke bowl for four people and were satisfied. The ramen was a great price point ($11) and was pretty good. Thought the flavor of the broth could be richer, but can't beat that price in this area. The sushi rolls were good although I didn't try nigiri or sashimi so didn't get a good feel for the raw fish itself. The vegan poke bowl was unique, the vegan tuna in it could've tricked me if I hadn't known beforehand!
Cute spot with good food at a good price!Tomo is my favorite sushi place Old City! This place ticks all of my boxes: great food, great service, and great ambience. It is so rare that you find a place that does all three things so well. The food is top notch! The sushi is fresh with complex flavor: the Tomo and Margarita rolls are not to be missed. The wait staff is attentive and warm which makes Tomo a place you want to come back to time after time. The design of the space is clean, modern, and hip without being off putting and the aquatic life murals on the walls are gorgeous. Tomo is a neighborhood sushi place with prices and food that can't be beat!Went back after the first time, same great atmosphere and outstanding service.
This time we tried the Chirashi and the Hako Roll, both are outstanding.
The Chirashi (gigantic!) is very tasty, the great variety let you try different fish (all delicious) and for sure, you'll not walk out hungry!
The Hako Roll, a house specialty, is incredible.
I'm quite traditional regarding food (been half Japanese, and half Italian, I grew up with incredible flavours surrounding me and I love the clean, traditional flavors) but the pairing of strawberries, unagy, and other incredible fish is so well balance, fresh, sweet, tangy that will blow your mind!!! Kudos to Tomo's chef!!We popped in Tomo tonight and we were so vert pleasantly surprised.  Decor spot on, service fantastic, sushi amazing!  
BYOB is an extra bonus.   Sushi was very fresh, experience preparation and presentation. Rolls are inventive. Great addition to the neighborhood!!   We will be back!!!Simply put, the sushi is outstanding!! We're so happy to find a new old city mainstay. The restaurant is beautifully decorated, the staff are super friendly and accommodating, and the chef owner is an absolute artist. The plates come out looking beautiful and he's always trying new creative takes. Try the tuna guacamole - you won't be disappointed. The special rolls are great and the sashimi is even better. A friend also had the ramen and said it was next level.Great spot! We had dinner on a Friday night, service was great and so was the food. I had the tonkatsu ramen and was pleasantly surprised, I'm a noodle snob. My friends all had sushi and said it was awesome as well.Really good, fresh specialty rolls with interesting combinations. Very attentive service, plus awesome that it's BYO!A very welcome addition to the neighborhood! Service was excellent (even if it was just for take out). The margaretha and spicy tuna with salmon rolls and traditional ramen were delicious. I look forward to exploring more of the menu.Stopped by here for a quick dinner. I was impressed with the neat interior design. We were able to be seated right away without reservation. This place has both sushi and ramen. My friend and I shared a California roll, it was actually very delicious and fresh! The ramen was ok, a bit salty, smaller portion than I expected. The service was excellent. Will definitely return for more sushi!Great sushi at a good price, especially when compared to the other new sushi place in Old City. Service was fantastic and the space is relaxing.Very good sushi and ramen happy very near my Apt and fresh vegetables  good service good priceThis will be a new Old City staple... the pork buns were delicious and the ramen is authentic. Very zen vibe and friendly staff, and BYOB is a HUGE plus! Will be back.I went this place yesterday night two black from my house I love it!!!
Clean and nigiri is delicious!!
And ginger salad is good!!
Like home made !!
I will be here very open!!!Tomo was incredible! Everything about the place was spectacular. The ambiance, the staff and the food. The place is byob with no corkage fee. My friend and I started with a seaweed salad and sashimi appetizer. Everything was fresh and light. I got one speciality roll (margarita) and a regular roll (yellowtail). The speciality roll was like nothing I have ever tried before. Who would have thought to put lime on sushi? Man it was good.  My friend got the ramen and loved it. Compliments to the staff and head sushi chef Andy! Can't wait to go back and try more rolls!Decent sushi spot with super fresh fish, reasonable prices.
Great clean, sleek and modern interior design with a great sushi bar in the back. Love the Old City location and it was a nice change from all the other sushi places in Center City.
Definitely want to go back and take advantage of their BYO.Really excellent food. I had the chicken ramen and the noodles were outstanding, chicken was tender and broth was flavorful. Service was outstanding and prices so reasonable.Mixed reviews about this place. The sushi was extremely overpriced for the tiniest amount, 6 pieces for almost $8? That's ridiculous. It wasn't even that good, neither was the gyoza appetizer. However, my friend is a ramen connoisseur and she says this ramen was great. If you're looking for sushi, I would say this is a no go, but if you're in the mood for ramen I guess this would be an okay place.This is my second time coming here. This place is ideal-- great service, fresh ingredients, cute area, and the food is priced well. 
- We got the seaweed salad, gyoza, sashimi sampler, and 1 bowl of ramen. Everything was delicious. Ramen needed more broth. 
- The server prebussed and was very fast. They weren't busy, so food came out fast. 
- The atomosphere is beautiful. I love the lighting and décor.Dropped in for lunch apres sightseeing in the area. Great sushi (we went for the lunch specials and the sashimi) and wonderful service. Quite kid friendly, which is not what one can say about all sushi joints! We'll be back!!Great addition to the neighborhood. Rolls are small and a little on the pricier side but taste fresh. Try the marguerite roll and ramen.
Service is always great.
Plus, there's a beer store next door if you want to do a last minute BYOB.This place had some of the best sushi I ever had. The place is small but decorated very serene and nice.Great food and service. It is BYOB so we stopped at the deli/grocery next door, which has a very extensive beer selection. We started with edamame and dumplings followed by ramen bowls. My husband had the sushi rolls which were fresh and very good. We will return for sure.I have wanted to try this place, since I first noticed it open. I ordered take out from Tomo on a Tuesday night, and was not disappointed! Very solid sushi.
Red dragon roll was fire. Spicy tuna and eel and avocado. Very good.
Avocado salad was a plentiful size. Great ginger dressing.
I will be back to sit inside next time and try more stuff :) It's a cute place - cozy, somewhat intimate yet casual. 
Would recommend! 
#tomotuesdays #takeouttuesdaysLoved our quick lunch stop!  The sushi is very fresh and their service is fantastic!  Highly recommend!Stopped here on a whim for dinner. It's BYOB which was exciting. We got a few pieces of sushi and then ramen for dinner. The pickled mackerel was delicious! The chicken ramen was pretty tasty and filling. The service is pretty average and isn't super attentive, but it goes with the atmosphere. If you're in the mood for good sushi, it's worth the stop and reasonably priced.Everything was wonderful. We had ramen, sushi and shrimp shumai. My picky 9 year old ate and loved everything, including the sushi rolls. Service was great too. The place is small so have a reservation or prepare to wait. We got there right after they opened so were seated immediately without a reservation. Within 30 minutes the place was pretty full and they were holding tables for reservations. Big win for me in feeding my kid and me!Yeah. It's delicious. I didn't try the ramen but the sushi was very fresh and the rice was a nice texture.My hub and I are visiting our son in Philly and staying at the Wyndam nearby.  The atmosphere is hopping and the wait staff are friendly and respectful.  We sat at the counter and watched platter after platter of beautiful, mouthwatering sushi leave the kitchen.  We started with pork buns and they were huge and delicious.  Next was the sushi and I loved them all but my fav was the Philly.  Our son had a ramen bowl and he loved it.  If we lived near I'm sure this would become one of our favorite places.Amazing sushi and wonderful service. Byo sushi and ramen joint that you can't miss! Perfect for date night or a night out with friends.Fantastic byob spot in Old City. Super cute and comfortable inside. Service was great. Finally a sushi spot in the city that has amazing and creative vegan options as well as vegan ramen! The spicy vegan tuna roll was out of this world. Reasonably priced. Cant wait to come back!Delicious sushi, great lunch specials. I ordered lunch two days in a row it was so good. All of the nigiri was tasty and fresh.  Highly recommend if you are in Old City for lunchSeriously the best ramen I've ever tasted! Everything about this restaurant was wonderful! I took my mom, daughter, and several of her friends for lunch here during a trip to Philly, and we were not disappointed! The staff was very good. They seated us right away at the sushi bar area. My mom has never had sushi.  She ordered the Shrimp Tempura Roll. The server helped her to customize it to here liking, and she loved it! My daughter also had the Shrimp Tempura Roll and Miso Ramen and she enjoyed both. I had the Chicken Ramen, and it was amazing! It seemed that all of the girls enjoyed their meals. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to others. If I find myself in Philly again, I know I'll be stopping back here!This little gem was a great find. The staff was friendly, and the sushi was fresh and amazing!  We also appreciated the modern but warm atmosphere. This place does not serve alcohol, but you can walk 3 doors down and get a beer from the mini-mart and bring it back.Tomo is awesome -What a cute spot in old city!! Living a bit far away, it took me awhile to make it to Tomo but if was definitely worth the trip! 
The atmosphere is very relaxed and I love the lights outside. This place is BYOB and the servers are all very polite and attentive but not overbearing. Owners here are awesome!! Great people!! 
Food wise, everything I had was delicious from dumplings to salmon bites apps and every single sushi roll was slamming!! 
I would definitely recommend Tomo and will be back soon!!We came here with my coworkers and friends on a Thursday night to celebrate my birthday early. We have heard great things about this place, we decided to try it. The place serves sushi, cooked sushi, and vegan options (very cool). Everyone had raw sushi varieties, miso soup, seaweed salad, and we also brought our own wine. It's byob! Their salmon and tuna sushi was VERY fresh and high quality. And because it was my birthday, my friends all decided on ordering the mochi ice cream variety with a little candle on a piece of wasabi to stick on. I thought it was super cute of them to do. The staff was very attentive, kind, and made great suggestions. Best service I've ever had, honestly. Everyone is so warming and friendly. I saw that they also have outdoor seating and treat dogs so well, bringing a bowl of water, petting the pups. I can see myself coming back for dinner or doing restaurant week. This place deserves more than 5 stars!Great sushi, BYOB, very intimate atmosphere.  Make sure you make reservations for a busy nightBeen here twice with my friends and we can't get enough. It's a pretty small, relatively new place that's perfect to BYO. The servers are really knowledgable and very friendly, willing to walk you through anything you don't recognize on the menu or work with any of your dietary restrictions (one of my friends has celiac and got to try gluten-free ramen for the first time here).
Any of the specialty rolls are amazing, but so far I've loved the Red Shrimp, Tomo, and Hako rolls most. A lot of other sushi places I've been to in Philly pack their rolls with a lot of rice and barely any fish, but Tomo does exactly the opposite and that's why we love them so much: you feel like you're getting what you paid for. If you're in the mood for ramen, the tonkotsu broth is creamy and delicious. You honestly can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Looking forward to our next visit!Philly's sushi game has been growing strong over the years, not least with the arrival of Tomo Sushi & Ramen in Old City last summer. This place is perfectly located because I was able to stop by one of my very favorite pastry shops next door for dessert!
I'm glad I stopped by early (at around 5pm) because diners were filling up the seats very quickly. I got a seat at the sushi bar and ordered the sashimi deluxe. It came with a miso soup and 7 different kinds of sashimi. Everything was fresh, beautiful, and delicious. 
I still have yet to try the ramen, but this place got a solid 5-stars from me for the sashimi!The vegan options here were awesome.  The vegan rolls were much more interesting than the standard veggie rolls you would get at other places.  We also have a vegan bun appetizer and vegan mochi for dessert.  I will definitely come back for more.I came here specifically for the ramen. It came out ok to be honest. Not bad by any means, however just not busting with flavor. The decor and ambiance is nice. My only complaint is the little broth they gave. Just a tad more would he perfect. I hope they see this review and change things a little bit. Also they don't have a spicy ramen option which is disappointing.I came in expecting a good experience right away from the great ambiance inside. It took a long time (at least 15-20 mins) to get our miso soup and salad starters, which was confusing because we came at peak lunchtime and there was only one other table sitting down. The food was all very good, but the prices are very high for what you get - portions were on the very small side (5 small pieces in a "roll"). Was most disappointed when at the end there was a giant upcharge on my lunch special for replacing a roll that I was not informed about and made no sense with their pricing structure. Will not be returning. You should walk a few extra blocks out of your way to get more sushi at a better price and similar quality!Sooooo good! I'm a vegetarian and my family is not. It's always hard to find a good sushi place that also has creative vegetarian sushi options. I had the veggie gyoza and the veggie on fire roll. Both were amazing! My family had the chicken udon, tuna tataki and philly roll. All 5 stars! Best ramen they've had hands down.I'm here on vacation/business and they are across the street from the place I'm staying at. Lovely staff, service was great for a Sunday night and the food was delicious. 
I recommend the pork buns and the chicken ramen.  I'm taking away one star because of the tiny space and the BYOB policy. I also ask for no egg in my ramen (I don't like eggs) but they left it in the soup. These things are minor though. 
When I return again the Philly, this place will be visited again.Tomo is the real deal. It's a small but intimate restaurant -- get a reservation or be prepared to wait a little bit! -- with absolutely delicious food. Bring a bottle of sake, good wine, or cheap beer with you, as it's BYO. We sat right at the sushi bar and ordered rolls, nigiri, and ramen; everything was delicious, and the sushi in particular was delicate and buttery and delicious. Very clear that everything is done with care. And they also do pickup if you want the same great food without the wait!100% F@#!ing delicious! came back for a second time with my wife for her birthday and it was a great dinner. Service was on point and the food was perfect. This place has become our favorite place for sushi and ramen in the city! Go to this place... Do it.Excellent sushi. The service was top notch and the vibe was very relaxed. I highly recommend The Brian and The Margarita special rolls but everything was good. We made reservations and I'm glad we did because the every table was filled. Great place. Definitely going back.Wow! Amazing sushi! I definitely want to go back to try the ramen. But their veggie buns & sushi was amazing. 
We had reservations for 7 but arrived 10 mins early. We were seated right away. We got our food fast & everything was amazing. 
I would suggest making reservations since it is a small spot & it did get packed. It's also BYOB which is awesome. Definitely recommendOkay no lie- get to this place ASAP! 
We were in our old neighborhood for a Saturday night out and we were looking into new places to take our friends that were in town from DC and I think we nailed it. We used to live on this block so we're happy to come back to a familiar area but to find a new restaurant was unexpected and great.  we loved the food and raved on and on about the service even though we ended up getting a late night reservation and it was already crowded. Everyone in our party got ramen bowls and all three were FANTASTIC. I got a seared tuna roll which I could have water 4 of they were so amazing. We'll definitely be back and well prepared with a bottle
Of wine for our next visit. Thanks for giving us such a great experience!Went here last night and the sushi was fresh and tasty! I'm pretty pick when comes to sushi. Have to say their ramen very light and delicious. Will come here again.Back again!!! ToMo roll, shumai, baby octopus and shoyu ramen with hot oil!!! For my birthday my husband took me to all my favorite places to eat!!! First stop for the birthday girlGod, I love this place. I am lucky enough to live in the neighborhood and go often. Food is consistently delicious, staff is always wonderful, the BYOB option is lovely. I highly recommend for vegetarians and vegans as well, as there are many (delicious) options to try!I didn't know about this restaurant until I passed this restaurant. 
I already liked when I stepped in the restaurant with very fancy and modern interior and quite nice ambiance. 
I order Tonkotu Ramen and my friend order Chirashi Sushi. Both were so delicious. 
I would love to go back to the restaurant if I visit Philly again!I am so grateful Philly has become home to Tomo.
I find myself craving Tomo quite frequently specifically their uni and fresh wasabi.
BYOB and one the nicest staff.BYOB. Delicious and delicate flavors. I recommend the Hako, Aka-Yuki, and Tomo rolls. The Mayu tonkatsu ramen is also so good! The nigiri was delicious. Ask for what is fresh that day and the servers will not steer you wrong. My new favorite Japanese restaurant!Omg great sushi fusion ... tomo tuna definitely a must . Love the atmosphere a little too small but cozy . Great service definitely coming backLove love this place! Good fresh sushi in a nice atmosphere! It's not extravagant but it's everything you want in a sushi place! It's BYOB, has nice outdoor seating and very nice and polite service staff! We go here often because it's in our neighborhood, it's one of our favorite sushi spots! Their food is creative and tastes super fresh! Their service is on point, the waiter we have is so nice and friendly and always makes good suggestions! You should definitely try it!!BEST RESTAURANT EVER!!! My boyfriend and I love it here so much, it's our favorite date spot (we go there at least once a week lol) - the food is AMAZING and the service is THE BEST! If you like good sushi, good service and good ramen this is the place for you!Came here for date night after eyeing it from afar for weeks. It's a small place, so we weren't able to walk-in without a long wait on a weekend night. We made a point to make a reservation and return for date night, and it was definitely worth it! My husband and I are both vegetarian and we were intrigued by the unique vegetarian sushi menu. It was as good as it looked. We started with the veggie gyoza, and then shared the Veggie on Fire, Vegan Tomo, and Chao vegetarian rolls. They were all different in their own way and it was exciting to finally eat vegetarian sushi that wasn't just a simple cucumber roll. For spice lovers, the Veggie on Fire was our favorite and had a great kick. The Chao roll was also delicious and creamy, and featured vegan cheese. As an added bonus, this place is BYOB so we enjoyed some refreshing rosé with our meal. We will definitely be back.I so want to keep Tomo as my own personal secret - but considering it is always pretty busy, my wishes are just a dream.  The staff here are super friendly and engaging - front of the house, back of the house (behind the sushi bar) - it is such a refreshing and welcoming vibe.  
Nice intimate, chill environment that focuses more on the food than fuss / fancy decor.  And when the food is a fresh, delicious and well prepared - there is no reason to distract with interior design.  
I love this place, am crazy about their menu - their sushi is perfection.  My current obsession is their Ramen - specifically their Miso Ramen made spicy.  
This is a great Old City neighborhood place - that you will absolutely return to again and again!
Craving some Ramen now!This is one of the nicer, clean, simple Japanese restaurants in Philadelphia.
We took our new-hire out for lunch with a group of 9.  A nice change of place for a work outing as we typically go to Cooperidge closer to our office.  The place is a little on the smaller side, but you don't want your typical sushi restaurant to be a large production.  They didn't have seating at time for all of us so we all ate at the bar, a little impersonal but the best we could do.  I ordered the Sirashi bowl with a side of edamami.  Everything was fresh, well presented, the price is comparable to other places.  
Overall, just a solid Japanese restaurant.  I really appreciate the cleanliness and simple atmosphere.I've wanted to try Tomo for quite some time, and Vegan Restaurant Week presented the perfect opportunity. 
Covid-19 safety wise, they do a great job of spacing the tables outside and their pick up window is very convenient and safe. We opted to pick up take out and eat at home.
When I picked up the order, I thought the platter looked too small for 2 people - but I was wrong. It was a pretty perfect amount with the addition of the salad on the side. The salad with tofu was so delicious, it mimics the imitation crab meat salads and the flavor was perfect. 
I often make veg sushi at home, but Tomo blew me away. The flavors and textures are elevated to a level that I can only hope to inspire me to make at home. It's hard to choose a favorite between the shitake avocado, spicy "tuna" and the "eel" but if I had to choose - I loved the spicy "tuna" for flavor profile and texture. The shitake had a great flavor and texture, much better texture than I make at home haha. Overall I had such a great dinner and I will definitely be returning in the future!
Also, service was very nice. Alex was very kind and personable on the phone when I placed the order. All around I highly recommend you give them a shot - vegan or not!This is a clear no frills, newer sushi/ramen bar in old city that's got Japanese sushi/sashimi and ramen.
The food is a bit pricier but I think reasonable enough for the presentation, we got the sashimi skewers(15), the unagi platter(18), and Katsu ramen($11). 
The ramen was a bit too salty for our liking and lacked enough broth. Also service was all right, it may be a mistake but we realized after the order that they never gave us any seasoning toppings for the ramen that we should be accustomed to but we saw someone else get it so that was a little disappointing. 
However, the sushi was spot on and the fish tasted fresh. It's not some high end sushi spot with omakase or anything but the sushi rice was good, the avocado eel sushi was amazing, presentation was spot on in fact beautiful to say the least. See the photos taken!
I actually found the skewers to be the most interesting part definitely unique and the mixing of taste for authentic Japanese pickles with sashimi and even lime and such on a skewer is not an easy task and we could say it was a tad pricy but well worth it.
A star off for the loud atmosphere, salty and lack of broth ramen with no condiments, and tad higher prices but I would still recommend and come back if I wanted some good sushi!Ordered vegan sushi and it was delicious. I loved the substitution of cucumber for rice. The spicy vegan and the avocado roles were very good. The vegetarian buns were also very tasty.I got the tonkotsu ramen. It was pretty good! Broth is creamy. They make the pork really well. The shoots were also seasoned well. They had the side fried garlic and sesame which is a plus for me. 
I like that we can make reservations.
Great service.Very great sushi and ramen restaurant. Appetizers, Sushi, and Ramen are all great quality and flavor. They have a very generous amount of Vegan options, none of which prevent a full, bold, flavorful experience. The staff is experienced and very friendly. 
100% for Vegan Option. 
100% for Environment. 
100% for Staff Accordance.
100% Left A Happy Customer.My friend and I went for Vegan Week and it was out of this world! So freakin delicious and fresh! Our waiter was very knowledgeable too. We will definitely be back very soon!Vegetarian Ramen and vegetarian gyoza were excellent! Had one of the special rolls-Margaretha [sic]-which was fresh. We are looking forward to returning to try other selections! 
Went on a Sunday night. There were about 6-8 other parties there so not overly crowded but quiet enough to have a conversation. Great decor and ambiance. Server and chefs were professional and friendly.Great sushi place it just has that vibe. The sushi itself is amazing and the staff are very friendly.  I recommend any of the sushi and ramen as wellI've been wanting to come here for a few months because of their beautiful veggie rolls!
I decided to order the Midori roll, the Lime Sinko, the Straw-Veggie and the Vegan Spicy Tuna (that I saw originally on Instagram.) 
It was a beautiful display! The straw-veggie was sweet but vinegary from the pickled vegetables. The lime sinko reminded me of a sushi key lime pie. It was filled with a creamy avocado and cucumber, which made the lime sinko topping shine. The midori was creamy from the avocado topping and salty from the pickle vegetable filling. The vegan spicy tuna was out of this world! Initially it tastes like a savory sesame taste and then the juicy tomato kicks in. It has a texture very similar to tuna but is it's only thing. The spicy kicks in at the end. 
For $42 of sushi, we weren't full. So we ordered a bowl of vegan miso ramen to share. It was delicious! We loved the noodles, the sweet tofu, the juicy mushrooms and the amazing umami broth! Would love to have a bowl in the winter. 
Tomo is a culinary experience, definitely a little pricer than expected but worth it. Check them out!Got the Yellowtail Tartare (incredible - heaven), pork buns (meh), and Mayu Tonkatsu (meh). Good service and nice atmosphere. 
Tartare - OUT OF THIS WORLD. 10/10 recommend.
Buns were fine - not the best, recommend Bao Bar in Chinatown. 
Ramen - total let down. Broth was weak, addition of ginger slices was odd. Didn't have the authentic taste that I expect from a tonkatsu broth. Noodles had a decent bite, but were more thin than I'd prefer.
Probably stick with sushi if you go here. Maybe I'm a ramen snob - to to Chinatown if you want a good bowl. Terakawa or Megumi would crush this bowl.While I can't comment on the takeout option process because someone else in my household handled that, I CAN say that their sushi is nothing short of phenomenal. It will rock your socks off. Make sure to order the tomo roll -- they sure know what they're doing there! It's the freshest tasting tuna, not sure how they do it! Hope to be back shortly!Excellent excellent place, relaxing atmosphere with grate food! Came here with wifey, she also enjoyed the food and the ice cream!Ordered through caviar based on the positive reviews. Disappointing. Ramen broth was completely bland, the pork isn't tender at all I didn't even eat it although I ordered extra. Noodles aren't that good. The seaweed salad tastes off. There were bones in my eel rolls. Gyoza was okay.Wow! What a treat. I was going to a play at the Arden and was looking for something close by. This fit the bill. I ate outside on a beautiful night. The service was outstanding as was the food. I have celiac disease so I'm usually limited in the noodle Dept. Tomo was able to accommodate me using potato noodles in my ramen bowl. The flavor profile was excellent and the price even better. Run to this place but do t tell your friends, otherwise you won't get a table and I won't be able to eat my delicious ramen.I've been waiting for a real winner to emerge in my search for the best sushi in the city. Tomo is that winner...and there's not a close second. 
Everything about their sushi is correct. The rice has the perfect amount of vinegar. The nori is fresh, and moist. The sashimi is actually sashimi grade, and the rolls are creative in a way that pleases the mouth...not just the eyes. I would be happy to consume any of their offering for every meal of every day. 
Maybe you only want to spend a tenner for lunch...no problem. Why not try one of their authentic, and delicious ramen options? The Shoyu is my personal fav., but they're all good...and ramen is just fun to eat. 
The dinning room is clean and cozy, with only a few tables and a sushi bar, but its a very pleasant space in which to dine. I like to sit at the bar and watch the chefs dole out their mastery on fish and vegetables alike. Listening to the hipsters go on about the vegan options is annoying a.f., but I certainly can't fault Tomo for their undernourished ramblings. The staff is a friendly and attentive group; they are a pleasure to interact with. 
To recap, if you're tired of middle of the road, this is where you need to go for your upgrade. A+Came in for vegan restaurant week and was blown away with Tomo.
It was a little crowded when we got there and some people were turned away so I highly recommend getting a reservation.
We were seated at a small table but this place is super cute. Good for a date or a night with friends. Tbh, I'd even take my parents here. It's BYOB so make sure to bring something if you want to drink.
My favorites were the veggie buns, veggie on fire roll, and the straw veggie roll. As a vegetarian I'm used to basic avocado cucumber rolls so Tomo really impressed me with their creative options. I'd recommend eating veggie on fire and following it with straw veggie - they compliment each other so well. Also, each roll is 8 rolls so the portions are generous.
I'd highly recommend Tomo to anyone and I definitely want to come back.