I've never written a Yelp review, but it's worth joining just to support the amazing owners of Torch-Wood.
I go to Torch-Wood every Tuesday night after working out. Usually I just buy a pre-made smoothie, but sometimes I pick up other things. One evening, I was so tired after my workout that I forgot my (already opened) smoothie at the register. I realized a few hours later, and thought to myself, "bummer!"  So I was completely surprised when I walked in a day or two later and the owner flagged me down, ran to a refrigerator in the corner, and pulled out my smoothie BECAUSE  HE SAVED IT FOR ME. I was completely floored. I've never, ever experience such a random act of kindness and will always go out of my way to shop there.
Oh, and they have doggie treats!I live across the street from Torchwood and I do have to agree that the prices are outrageous.  They have very good sandwiches and I love their soups, but they charge $3.95 for a small soup and $7.00 for s large soup which is as more than I have paid in a restaurant for a bowl of soup.  I think a large soup at Sassafras down the street is $3.50 and their soups are equally as good. And it is true that they charge a lot for candy bars. The last time u bought a candy bar it was $1.29, but another review said candy bars were $1.50 so they probably raised the price. I do not think they are price gouging, maybe they do not realize how high their prices are. As much as I like the owners, I only go there if I cannot get to Sassafras. Also Torchwood does not deliver. Last year when I had a broken ankle not only did Sassafras deliver the delivery man put away my groceries.many, many terrific sandwiches over 3 years.  I moved away and miss the convenience, flexibility and creativity of all their on-demand orders. Keep on keeping on!!!!First, let me say that the owners are super friendly and nice. That is very rare nowadays.  I always enjoy seeing their smiling faces when I com in. The store is very open and clean, especially since the new addition. The have a decent selection, not as good as Sassafras down the block. 
Their sandwiches are delicious and reasonably priced. 
My main gripe is their pricing. I completely understand the convenience factor when having a market right across the street. Makes things super easy. First, they don't have prices on anything. You do not know the price until you get to the checkout counter. That truly bothers me. I needed a jar of pasta sauce for dinner one night. I grabbed one and when I got to the counter it was $8. Are you serious??! That is price gouging. I sometimes like to stop in and get a candy bar. They charge $1.50+tax for a regular size candy bar. Should I mention that Sassafras (a block and a half away) only charges $0.99? 
I really would like to see this store and its owners succeed but I feel they are trying to be a little greedy. I think you would get more customers if you labeled prices and also put items fair market price.We stopped in Torch-Wood today in search of sandwiches and were pleasantly surprised by their menu. I ordered the Spicy Dragon and I can say it was the best panini I've ever had. My fiancé had the Cuban which was also delicious. To top it off, the owners were very nice and welcoming. Contrary to other reviews, I think the prices were a good value for the quality of the ingredients.Best little grocery store in the area.Yay! old city needed another market.
Owners are very sweet and friendly.
DELI SANDWITCHES ARE AMAZING.
flavors like i have never tasted before....Torchwood market is a great place for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. Great service, and the food is always incredible. I love the torchwood family. Thank you for everything!I completely agree with all of the other reviews for the Torch-Wood Market!
I travel extensively for work and often times don't have any food in my fridge when I get back.  The toasted Turkey sandwich on wheat is my "go to" and it's delicious!!  Ingredients are fresh and there's a TON of meat on it!
The Owner's absolutely make this place!  They are extremely friendly and cater to their customers.  One time I was in there and they gave me a small bag of apple chips (new to the store) to try for free.  
The Sea Salt Hummus chips are another one of my "go to's".  I saw they were out of them and asked the daughter about it.  She said her regular distributor stopped carrying them, however the next time I was in I noticed they were back!
This family run convenient store offers a wide range of items including La Columbe coffee (by the cup and whole beans), Chibani yogurt, fresh fruit, household cleaners and a wide variety of snacks and drinks.  They have a full service deli with lunch specials and tasty soups!!
Credit card min is $7.
Torch-Wood is a hidden gem and I am thankful to have them close by!!  Take a minute to stop by and see what they have to offer!  You won't be disappointed!Great food, quality ingredients. I ordered the Spicy Dragon. It was delicious, the peppers and the sauce made it. I also got a cookie, it was great.OMG!!!! That Spicy Dragon has to be one of he most AMAZING sandwiches I have ever eaten. Wow! Tasty!!! Just the right amount of spice. Tasty meat, bread was crunchy good. Wow!!! Loved it!!! My friends and I were all happy with their sandwiches as well: Deluxe Italian Hoagie and BLT with avocado. Thank you!!!This place was the best thing to happen to us in Philly, we ate here three times on our short trip and it never disappointed. Our favorite cashier gave us excellent recommendations and was so friendly!!! 10/10 would recommend to anyone who was in Philly! We ordered the spicy dragon, chipotle chicken, egg turkey pesto sundries tomato, egg bacon sundries tomato, and spicy cilantro aoili!!I never thought I could be so impressed with a chef salad! I ordered on UberEats and everything was perfect. The portion was huge, the food was fresh, the packaging was really nice, and they accommodated all of my requests. You can tell this place really cares about their food and their customers. Oh and the kale strawberry smoothie was really delicious too. This is definitely my new lunch go to!Went in there for the first time yesterday.  Yes the owner was nice but there are no prices on basically any of the products, which is a big put off.  I went in to get a half gallon of milk and it cost $3.50.  That is extremely high for a half gallon.  I'll definitely go back to give the sandwiches a try but it'd be nice if they could display prices on their products and holy moly drop that milk price.You can't really ask for anything more than what you get at Torch-Wood. First of all, there's a reason that every review mentions the owners - they are incredible. Some of the friendliest people you'll never meet, let alone have the pleasure of giving your business to. The market is very well stocked with the essentials but it's the little touches here that make it unique. They go out of their way to bring in things that you might not see in other places....different types of cookies, snacks, crackers, chocolates, etc...
La Colombe coffee, fresh pastries in the morning. A full deli stocked with only Boar's Head products and the care that they take in making sandwiches is unlike anything I've ever seen.
I really can't say enough good things about this place and these people.Ordered from Ubereats and am beyond impressed! The turkey brie was fresh and amazing! My colleagues ordered the turkey avocado and berry chicken salad, both to rave reviews! Definitely will be ordering from here again!I ordered paninis for a work event from here and they were AMAZING. Seriously, everyone was very happy with their order and they called me to confirm details of our staff's food allergies. 10/10 would recommend!I ordered one of their yummy sandwiches for lunch which I have done several times before. I took their menu off the deli counter and read the sandwich and price, which was fine with me. When I got to the counter, they charged me $2 more than the price said on the menu. I was extremely nice and showed them the menu and its price. They told me it was an old menu and there are now new prices. I explained that you should put updated menus/prices out so as not to confuse customers.  The girl told me if I don't want the sandwich at the price which was $2 more than menu price, then I could just leave it and not take it. Again, I kindly stated that they should change the menus on their counter as so this didn't happen with other customers. She told me it has never happened with other customers before....insinuating I'm the only person who has questioned this.
After reading other reviews, I found another Yelper post this : "Not once but three times the owner overcharged me and actually gave me money back after i questioned him - three times - it may have happened other times but I noticed it three times when I ordered 5 or more items and there was just no way it cost that much - one time is an accident - three times not so much. I ran into a neighbor the other day in the dog park and she said the same thing happened to her twice". 
Today was the second time this has happened to me here. Over the summer this happened to me when I ordered some lunch meat. The price posted under the meat in the cooler was a few dollars less than what they charged me when I got to the counter. I showed them the price on the cooler and they said that was an old price. Why is it posted then? 
Again, I truly hope they fix the discrepancies and as a fellow business owner, I feel that I should not have been scolded for questioning their different prices. Uniform prices throughout the store would really cut back on people thinking they are being ripped off.Everyone talks about how things used to be with the corner market that had a bit of everything and new everyone who came in.  Well pass up that Super Giant or Whole Foods, and stop in here.   The guy who runs this place is by far the friendliest, nicest person I have every run into.  He represents the epitome of a small business owner and has recently expanded his shop.  
And he makes a damn good roast beef wrap.WE LOVE TORCHWOOD!!!! My husband and I live around the corner and are in the market at least three times a week. The family that owns and runs it is so friendly and warm and know our order the second we walk in the door. Prices are incredibly reasonable and the food is always delicious. Can't go wrong here!Probably the best lunch panini I have had. I tried the Spicy Dragon with no onions. Packed full of flavor and not too hot. Great service. Very nice people working the counter and the register. This is definitely going to be my new favorite spot to pick up lunch. The green tea is a treat as well. I tired both berry and pineapple. The mint gave it such a yummy & fresh tasting burst for my tastebuds. You will not be disappointed except when you have finished your meal.Went in today to pick up a bottle of club soda that is typically... i dont know $.99 to 1.19?  Well come on down to torchwood and its yours for the low price of $2.89!!! The woman didnt even scan anything which leads me to believe she made up the price on the spot.  Dont know why i keep going back there.  Yes theyre nice but their pricing system is extremely dishonest.Very nice people, better price's and lower credit card minimum then Sasafrass, only $7. Can't wait until they start making sandwiches!!!Sandwiches and Salads are so fresh! The family that runs it is so friendly and accomodating. It's great to support a local business with OUTSTANDING food options. It's also a plus that they are open until 10PM!My brother and I love this place! We get food delivered from here all the time, and it's always so fresh. They have sandwiches that rotate through the menu so I'm always excited to see what new, flavorful combos they have. Their paninis are bar-none: packed with meat, full of natural flavors, perfectly proportioned and grilled to perfection. I highly recommend anything with their rotisserie chicken (FYI it's sliced almost deli-style, but thick and tender almost as if it was hand carved with meticulous perfection before being placed on the bread). My only complain is that they should offer way more sides! Some French fries would go a longgg way.A small, family owned and operated deli with great hours that has everything you could want to take out or eat in. Unique creations like the "mango tango" sandwich and bacon-avocado Caesar salad are my favorites. Desserts include cheesecake, pecan pie, cream broule, oversized cookies, and a variety of tarts you won't easily find anywhere else. You can call ahead or order through Grub Hub as well. Free high speed wi-fi and a growing classic rock and blues vinyl collection. For me, worth going to several days a week!Just an update. Prices are now marked on the items, but items are still very expensive. They have expanded their pastry department and now carry tadty, but expensive little pastries. One day I went in and asked for two pastries the owner kept insisting I take three but I kept saying I only wanted two. Finally I gave in thinking the third pastry was on him. But no when I got to the register I was charged for all three pastries. I am not looking for freebies but I resent being forced to purchase something I did not want.  I think thst was kind of shady.Amazing paninis and salads! Recently renovated with seating inside! Well priced for the quality of sandwiche and size of salads, and so many options to choose fromI ordered the Texas salad and it is so good. The chicken, carrots, onion, corn and cucumbers are really good. I really don't like tomatoes but even those are good with the sweetness they have. For me to eat a salad and have no cheese on it and like it is pretty good. I've been waiting to have a really good salad and finally got one today. I ordered a lemonade as well which is really tasty and comes with lemon slices in it.I was staying with a friend in Northern Liberties and needed a grocery store. Found this on yelp. It's small but has everything you could want. The selection is great and has the stuff you'd expect (cereal, etc) along with some great organic and healthy items. The owner was so sweet. You could tell he had a relationship with all the regulars. He even have me some bananas for free!I feel like a scrooge compared to the other excellent reviews, but I was seriously underwhelmed by my Asian salad. The chicken was little squares of sliced lunchmeat, not chunks of real chicken. (Even if it's Boars Head, it's still processed, salty lunchmeat.) The dressing was also way too salty, and not much sesame flavor. It was hard to tell what it was supposed to taste like. Finally, the crunchy element was a handful of those Japanese assorted rice snacks, with, I don't know, spicy pretzel sticks? Very strange. Usually I get either sesame sticks or toasted ramen, I think. The salad was huge, so it was a good value if you like how they made it. If I go back, though, I'll try a panini instead.Great variety in the store, and the deli menu. Every sandwich I've ordered has been absolutely delicious. The family that runs the business are always so friendly and helpful. It's perfect for my neighborhood, is open super early and late, and has free wifi and plenty of space to sit and study when home gets too distracting.We ordered there last night was on the late side they ran out of hoagie rolls but substituted the roll for a different one well let me tell you the sandwiches very fresh and good we enjoyed them they were the turkey blt very good and they were very nice to send us free donuts for that and there smoothies are good and so are there elephant ear cookies love them thank for the fresh good food we would order again from them sorry forgot to take picturesWow, I have literally walked by this place for 2 years. This past weekend I stopped in on a whim. WHY did I wait so long?? I got coffee and a breakfast sandwich (cheese, avocado and egg on a toasted everything bagel). I was seriously impressed with the food and coffee, as well as the service and take out packaging. It might have been the best breakfast sandwich I ever had. Why isn't this place well known or busy? Maybe it's the too big menu boards (your eyes will glaze over) or the nondescript exterior. Anyway, I will be back and I hope they can grow their clientele and be a great success! P.S. I saw a sign for free wifi.I have been wanting to try Torch Wood for quite some time and for whatever idiotic reason I didn't.  So today, a few coworkers and I "rolled the dice" and ordered lunch from them through GrubHub.  
Their menu is pretty big, so it took us a while to finally put an order in.  Once we put the order in, we were able to track the driver which was pretty cool.
I decided on the TWM panini and a chocolate and peanut butter smoothie.  The panini was exceptional!  It wasn't too big and it wasn't too small...just the right size and the ingredients were pretty darn tasty.
The smoothie was something that you try to make at home, but you just can't, for whatever reason it just doesn't come out the right way.  Well...you don't have to.  Torch Wood can and it is delicious and unbelievably filling.  That alone could've and should've been a meal in itself, but, as always, I order too much food.
Oh well...too late.
As i said, I ordered it for delivery.  The food came within 50 minutes, hot and very well packaged.  
Kudos to the restaurant for the packaging.  It is a lost art anymore!
Also, the driver was super polite and accommodating.  He brought the food right up to our suite.I've been in Old City for several months now and have passed by Torch-Wood on many occasions.  I've also seen it on Postmates and decided to give it a shot today.  I'm so glad that I did.
I ordered the prosciutto and mozzarella panini and a berry-pineapple-mint lemonade.  First of all, I can't tell you how excited I was when a 32oz fresh lemonade showed up with fresh berries in it, along with fresh pineapple, fresh mint, and a half of lemon.  I have been waiting for a lemonade like this as I am missing the west coast immensely.  I was not disappointed.  For those of you that like really sweet lemonade or really tart lemonade, this one probably isn't for you but somehow, they got this so right.  A touch of sweetness, a touch of tart, and a great big heap of fresh fruit and herbs.  
Now let's get onto the panini.  It was perfect.  Just the right amount of meat, not too much, not too little.  Amazingly fresh taste with no hints of preservatives here.  
I have never been inside the store, so cannot comment on that, but for all of you west coasters  in Old City, specially those along the Cali coast, the food and drink won't disappoint.Stay far away from this place unless youre desperate. The deli is fine, and sandwiches are quite good, but the prices on everything else are 1. Not marked and subject to arbitrary change, 2. Insultingly high and 3. Dont count on getting change back.I've ordered from here a few times now and I've never been disappointed. The turkey, bacon, avocado sandwich is AMAZING! This is def becoming one of my go to spots.Love this place! Don't let the outside fool you; they have delicious sandwiches and great coffee. Not to mention bagels, and a great beverage selection if you go for coconut water etc..however warning, the minimum on credit cards is $7Far and away the best Market/Corner Store/whatever you want to call it in the area. They have an extensive selection of dry goods and produce, and even have a brand new deli counter which serves salads, soups, and sandwiches all day long. Speaking of which, each day they have a different soup and  salad on special which makes getting a fresh lunch to go super affordable and very tasty. The owners are very nice and accommodating and are always willing to go the extra mile to help you with whatever you need. Whenever we find ourselves out of things at the last moment, whether it be paper towels, bread, or onions, we always find ourselves going to Torch-Wood to buy them, and I definitely think you should too!Ordered delivery thru GrubHub from Torch-Wood as my boyfriend and I were looking for a tasty lazy day lunch. Torch-Wood had awesome reviews and their selection of sandwiches and paninis looked great so we gave 'em a try. Food came quickly and both our paninis were still warm. We both settled on two of the fall/winter specials--I went with the Bacon Avocado Melt and my BF went with the Fig-Prosciutto Monte Cristo. They were both DELICIOUS. The bread was crunchy and perfect and the flavors were great. I would for sure order from here again and will now make a point to stop in and eat in house. Finally a place that satisfies the great sandwich shop niche I've been searching for!
EDIT: the paninis I have pictured and talk about (as they are my faveeeeee) were only "Fall/Winter Specials" and are no longer on the menu as of June. BoooooooHoly moly you HAVE to eat here. My fiancé and I found this place because we literally googled best sandwich in Philadelphia and I have not regretted it since! Not only do they have the best, freshest ingredients they also carry smoothies, breakfast, lunch and dinner. This shop is run by what seems like a tight knit family and it shows. The Cuban sandwich is the absolute best that I have ever had! This has been my go to place while being pregnant, because even though you're "not supposed" to eat lunch meat, you can get any one of their sandwiches toasted, so it makes it worth your while to check out. The salads and ingredients are so fresh you can taste it! I will be visiting this place again before we move to Hawaii and I tell everyone I know to go there at least one time! Do NOT let parking stop you from finding this gem! It is not too far off of the beaten path, but look for the sign, because we walked passed it twice trying to find it, but I like that fact because it keeps it quaint and allows you to fully enjoy your experience.I stumbled on this place on grub hub and noticed it was a couple blocks away from me and reasonably priced.  I've had several of their panini's and smoothies and I've been satisfied with each order I've placed! Highly recommend the spicy dragon panini and the chicken Chipotle panini!This place is amazing. Their sandwiches are very good, my two star review is due to the poor delivery service. I order from this restaurant very often and the last (probably) 5 times it has taken over 2 hours for one sandwich!!!I found this place on grubhub. I always am so happy with the quality and fair pricing. I had to take a break because I was ordering too much takeout from here! I recently tried one of their summer panini specials and it was so good I cant stop thinking about ordering again. I work in food so the details of how fresh and well prepared the veggies on the sandwich were really stood out. Even the thickness of the onion and bell peppers seemed like a deliberate and correct choice.  I couldnt tell if The sauces were housemade, but they were full of flavor and seemed of a good quality. For a $8 panini the portion and balance is spot on. I cant ever finish it even though I never want to stop eating it. Ive never had a sandwich or salad from here I didnt enjoy. Ive been in once but it looks like they've remodeled to promote the to-go food section. Looks like they're letting the business lead them, another great sign of a properly run establishment. These folks know what they're doing!Very nice, friendly owners. Yes, it is pricey, but it's very convenient. I like their new deli section.Amazing paninis and salads! Recently renovated with seating inside! Well priced for the quality of sandwiches and size of salads, and so many options to choose fromI love this cute one stop shopping cafe/store that you can go to and buy groceries and/or sit and have breakfast or lunch.  Always clean and friendly.
Did I mention they have free internet while you have your break drinking even very good hot chocolate.   They have 18 seats and seven tables to have friends join you in quite conversation (although we have only used nine seats so far and had laughing conversations).  Great sandwiches too.Your best option for a corner market in Old City. The staff is extremely friendly and they offer some great sandwich choices with a seating area if you choose to eat there.Had my first experience of Torch-Wood and was amazing!  I had it delivered via GrubHub, unfortunately, the panini was cold, but it was still really yummy!  I will have to try in-person sometime!
I had:
Chipotle Chicken Panini
Fruit Salad
Choc Chip cookie
ALL were great!So I'll preface by saying that I got this off Uber Eats for lunch, so I can't speak for their ambiance or decor. However, I can speak for the quality of their food, which is BOMB. I've tried the prosciuttio mozarella panini and the prosciutto Monte Cristo. Both even after suffering through a car ride, still had great crisp to the bread and decent/good warmth. The prosciutto has a great smoke without too much salt. The Monte Cristo is my favorite between the two. It has a perfect play of saltiness from the prosciuttio, sweetness from the fig spread, savoriness of the cheese, and the Dijon mustard gives a great spice. I've also had the chipotle aioli and the sriracha aioli mac and cheese. Their mac and cheese is how I like it. It isn't dry, but it also doesn't have the velveeta liquid texture. The noodles are cooked just before the point of soggy. Definitely a great lunch spot I'd like to actually visit some day.Ordered & paid through the yelp app. Drove and picked up my sandwhich, was ready when I got there. Guy who served me was very pleasant and professional. Got the bacon and avacado melt. Delicious, I'll see keep this place in mind for lunchHands down, my favorite lunch destination near my office. 
My team often ends up ordering from this lovely establishment if we have working lunches. Everything that I've ever ordered has been delicious. The salads are huge and flavorful. The sandwiches and delcious and filling. My favorite menu item has to be the fruit box... a small to-go container jam packed with berries, grapes, tangerines, and bananas and worth every penny.
The staff is always incredibly pleasant and personable.
If you're lookin for something tasty, filling, and cost-efficient, this place is where it's at! I'm yet to try their breakfast options, but I'm told that that's just as delicious as the lunch menu items.This spot is tucked away on 3rd Street, far away from the bustle of Market Street. Trust me though - make the trek here. It's worth it. The sandwiches are always good, salads plentiful, and service friendly.
I've had a few different options here. The Buffalo Chicken Salad features... deli buffalo chicken (surprise) and blue cheese on your typical salad fixins. Portion is generous and the veggies are super fresh. I have also had the Tandori panini which was so good and filled to the brim! I usually eat half and save the rest for later. My boyfriend has tried even more of their sandwiches than me and is never disappointed. 
Solid 5 stars. Torch-wood, never change!This place has my favorite panini of all time: Chicken Chipotle. I am obsessed! Always great music playing in here too! Just a great little out of the way place where you never have to wait for great lunch!Sandwich gem! And they deliver !! This place is awesome ordered once and have been hooked ever since. The spicy dragon is my favorite! They have so many sandwiches and the sauce from the dragon sandwich is amazing on all of them! It also is a nice convenience store and coffee shop so this place has it all! People are super nice who run it and I'll be ordering forever from this placeHighly recommend! Ordered through postmates and everything was so fresh ! Nice to be able to order fresh, healthy food (well, somewhat for my order)!Whooo-baybee! Whosoever madeth this sandwich will surely be blessed!!!! I ordered the Spicy Dragon w/o the turkey & when I say heavenly The panini was perfectly toasted, everything was so fresh as if they were personally hand picked for my sandwich. This definitely hit the spot for me. I also ordered the Lavender iced tea, which was super refreshing. God bless you Torchwood!Everything they make is fresh and tasty. Very nice staff. Not in a very high traffic location so you rarely have to wait more than a couple minutes for your food.Don't be fooled by the awkward entrance, as inside the small shop, in a cramped back corner, glorious paninis are created. I stumbled upon this place while visiting my sister and when I saw the only sandwich picture on Yelp my stomach growled. Torch-wood has a wide selection of cold and hot sandwiches, salads, pastries and even brews La Colombe, the complete package.
I opted for their prosciutto and mozzarella panini. Country white bread is smeared with fresh pesto, packed with meat, cheese and tomatoes, then toasted in their panini press. My mouth was watering when it was finally ready and I quickly hurried home to dig in. The chip selection lacks the usual suspects and in lieu offers a more "pretentious" selection, such as truffle oil and Italian breadstick thingies.
The credit/debit card minimum is $5 (which is not actually allowed for debit), but barring the Old City merchant practice of requiring $10 or even $15, this "seems" reasonable...plus who gets out of any corner store for less than $5?!?
Regardless of the chip selection and appearances, this place makes awesome sandwiches. Added a pic of my sandwich to show the mastery, but couldn't wait to take a bite...maybe next time.Friendliest service, excellent selection of high quality beverages and snacks. Nice variety of sandwiches, rotating soup selection and extra large salads.Food is excellent, so many choices and the staff is super pleasant. I got breakfast a couple
Of times and lunch to go. Such a cute little place. Not sure why anyone give it less than 5 stars. Also, coffee is very good.Delicious fresh made hoagies and salads (all ive tried so far) nee favorite in the areaSuch a diverse menu and you get a lot of food for your money! I enjoy their sandwiches and smoothies. The place is very clean and the staff are friendly. They are quick to get your food prepared and the presentation is nice!Torch-Wood Cafe food is beyond amazing. I had order twice from them. The first time I got a berry avocado nut salad and let me tell you ! Their salads are really hefty for such an amazing price. The second time I ordered the cease salad and I love how they use rotisserie chicken in my salad. Once again the salad was very filling and extremely good. I would so recommend this place. You won't be disappointed.Great place for a quick breakfast or lunch! Their sandwiches and wraps don't disappoint. Smoothies are in a variety of flavors. My favorite is the espresso chocolate peanut butter smoothie! Wonderful staff as well!Great place to pick up lunch in Old City! Highly recommend the spicy dragon panini and chai latteThe Thai Curry Panini is ridiculous. My company orders from here sometimes and I've had it three times in the past two weeks. It's the perfect panini. I haven't tried the tandoori one but that looks awesome, too. Their smoothies are also excellent.Huge selection of hot and cold sandwiches and salads.  Seating for about 12 if you want to eat in.  Ordered the prosciutto, mozzarella, tomato, pesto paninis and it was very good. Large portion - could even be split between two people if you are a lighter eater.  Of course it was so good I ate the whole thing.  Good value at $7.99.Absolutely love this place! And it's Gluten Free & Vegetarian friendly.
1) Great selection of food for grocery shopping.
2) Large selection of food to order from the menu: soups, salads, sandwiches, breakfast sandwiches, coffee, tea, smoothies....and more!
3) Super friendly owners. Nice people, who care about yore experience and quality of food at their store. I just adore them :)))
I do wish they had the prices posted clearly on all items. Often I get surprised at the total $ amount I owe after they add everything up. Maybe I should double check on the prices they actually charging me....?So happy I found this place in Old City! There are sooooo many options on the menu but my constant favorite has been the Spicy Dragon (see the picture below if you need evidence). I usually order delivery from here and the food has always been hot and on time. The one time I went to dine in - I wasn't a fan of the service as much (which is why the 4 star review). They were renovating things at that time and the person cleaning the seating area asked us to get up and move while we were eating. Pretty disappointed with that but it hasn't stopped me from ordering more delivery.This is my favorite lunch spot!  Every dish and drink I've tried from torch wood has been delightful.  I love their chipotle chicken sandwich and their lavender lemonade.  The spiced brown sugar hot chocolate was delicious and really made decorating for the holidays sweet.Super fresh ingredients on this turkey blt But the fluffy bread was my favorite part. Definitely a generous portion. The only thing missing was some type of sauce.I have ordered Torch Wood numerous times and everytime the sandwhich/panini has been incredible. They also have some of the fastest delivery times I have ever seen.How I didn't know about this adorable and seriously delicious place until today is completely unbelievable! Fast, efficient, and did I mention delicious!! Yes, needs to be stated twice! Will return, and can't wait to try other items!Cute little cafe.  Have been here a few times over the past year or so.  
Family run (it seems).
Staff is friendly and service is courteous and prompt.
Menu is robust for such a small place.
Modest selection of hot beverage choices.
Good selection of pastries and such.  Minimal choices for bagels (today for example they only have plain and everything).
Lots of choices for smoothies, breakfast sandwiches/paninis, and seasonal drinks.
Lots of lunch choices for food as well; but all hand held (sandwiches, wraps, paninis, etc).
Decent selection of bagged chips and canned sodas.
Good music and a lot of seating for its size.
Overall I would strongly recommend this place for coffee, a quick snack, or light lunch.I don't even have enough words to do this place justice - hands down the best panini in the city, definitely the best I've ever had in my life! 
I've tried at least 10 paninis but the simple tomato mozzarella is my favorite. Every item on the menu is phenomenal and made with such care and efficiency. 
Friendliest and most kind hearted people that are always working there, making sure customers have a superior experience. This is the way business should be done and a place I'm more than happy to spend my money. 
Top of the line all around and THE most delicious food. Don't ever change Torch-Wood!I have never been able to take a photo of any of their food because it's too delicious to wait.
The Thai Curry panini is probably my favorite sandwich I've ever had. Every aspect of it is perfect, it's like someone knew what I wanted most but couldn't explain and created it for me. 
Their smoothies are also delicious and I've never once been disappointed in this placeNever has a bad sandwich here. Love the fruit spreads on the sandwiches! A great spot for a quick lunch or something to go.The sandwiches here are delicious and the owners are genuinely great people. Definitely go to Torch-Wood!