What a delightful find! We were on our way back home from a long afternoon walking tour of Longwood Gardens and decided to try a good old fashioned neighborhood crawl for one of those little Italian neighborhood restaurant gems for which South Philly is so well known. Tre Scalini came up number 1 on Yelp! based on our then current location and, despite that it was in a more commercially developed location than we were looking for (there were 3 othere restaurants in the same small block) I am extrememly glad we decided to go in anyway!
We had no reservation and were dressed rather casually, and despite the fact that it was Saturday night and they were very busy and pretty booked up, the maître d' was able to work us in with absolutely no waiting. Kudos to his efforts!
Since others here have already reviewed the menu offerings, all I'm going to add is (dare I say?) if you're in the mood and it looks good on the menu, it will be. 
The atmosphere is Elegant South Philadelphia Italian, cozy, and warm. Our servers  treated us like royalty, and were extremely attentive despite the fact that we were still in our rather natty sneakers. Each knew the menu and dinner specials inside out, no small task, I can assure you.
Parking is tough in town, and if you just can't bring yourself to pay for the valet parking (it's only 8 bucks, for Pete's sake!), stick it out and don't stop searching until you find a spot - it's well worth the time and effort. And make sure you pay any parking fees - thePPA NEVER takes a break from writing tickets in this city because such a large amount of revenue is generated from the restaurant districts.
I can't recommend Tre Scalini enough -- we couldn't have asked for a better meal or dining experience.
Charles G. "Chuck" Boulais, CLU, MCP
http://www.adultmedsupply.comIf you are not Italian and "from the neighborhood" expect to get "less than" everything - service, time at the table you reserved because a "regular" wants your table, and even smaller portions than the regulars! No kidding! The food is great so I definitely recommend it for that, but everything else around the food was, well, unpleasant (and I am being polite)! It's clear the owners don't care about generating new clientele from outside the neighborhood. Oh well, their loss. The owners should take note of the zillions of other restaurants within walking distance.We have been to Tre scallini many times and have recommended it to many friends simply because the food is delicious!  However last night after driving an hour + to get there our reservation for 8 people was lost. We were asked if we were at the right restaurant, why we came if we didn't get a confirmation call...then miraculously our name was found but had been canceled???  Never once an I'm sorry or a let me see what I can do???  After telling the woman she very rude...she told me I was attacking her???  Funny on our way out...the next couple's reservations were lost as well!  Perhaps a new method other than a scibbled piece of scrap paper is needed....needless to say we will not be back!This place is great, flavorful Italian food, beautifully prepared and presented without being fussy.
Took the parents and ladyfriend for dinner last weekend.  It wasn't super crowded at 6:30 pm when we arrived so I got a little nervous.  I needn't have feared though; by the time we finished dinner at 9:30 (more about that later) the place was packed.  I guess it's just one of those places where people dine later in the evening.
Our server was excellent.  Very attentive without being obtrusive.  He described all of the specials on the extensive list by memory, speaking slowly and clearly rather than spouting them off in a Micro Machines voice like some waitstaff tend to do.  To start we had the grilled polenta with broccoli de rabe, mussels in tomato broth, and the grilled eggplant.  All three were exceptional.  My favorite was the eggplant; it could not have been prepared any more perfectly, and I'm not even a huge eggplant fan.
For the main course, I ordered fileted Branzino-as did the ladyfriend-which was prepared in a tomato sauce and served with steamed asparagus.  The fish was melt-in-your-mouth and light yet flavorful.  The asparagus was OK; I prefer asparagus sauteed or grilled.  My dad ordered the fish stew which was also excellent.  My mom ordered veal filet mignon, which I did not taste but judging from her oohs and aahs, was just about perfect.
For dessert we just had coffee/cappuccinos, which were very good.  
Throughout the 3 hours we sat there, service was excellent .  We never felt rushed at all, despite the restaurant filling up as the night wore on.  My mom remarked that the server waited until we had all finished eating before clearing away any plates (it's a pet peeve of hers when servers take plates away while someone is still eating).  
The BYO thing is great, of course.  Oh and you won't believe how reasonable the prices are, especially once you see the high quality food that comes out of the kitchen.We arrived at the restaurant without reservations. We were seated without a problem. But we had a third with us who was running late. Our waitress did not want to take our appetizer order. She said something to the effect that the chef didn't like to take partial orders and that there was a party going on upstairs (which didn't make any sense to us). She later came back, and in a fake nice way said our table was reserved for later guests. Well, our third party finally arrived, we had our dinner (great food), and by the time we left, there were no fewer than 5 tables available around us. Out waitress's threats were shallow, but made us feel very uncomfortable. Bottom line: good food, arrogant service.When the kitchen is on, out comes perfect grilled octopus on a bed of the freshest arugula salad and tender medallions of  veal almost like filet mignon. Too bad the service can be sooooo slow.My family visited Tre Scalini this past December for my dad's birthday. We were upstairs in what looks like a party room, obviously geared towards larger groups. The upstairs lacks the quaintness of the lower level, but the food more than made up for it.
Our waiter knew his stuff. He made recommendations, we took the bait and were not disappointed.
The staff were very accommodating. My son is a picky eater (obsessed with chicken nuggets!) and while I was willing to be strict, my dad asked the waiter if the chef could prepare him a chicken cutlet (not on the menu) and some 'pasta with butter'.
I'm not sure they had any butter in this Italian kitchen, but this is the type of place that will make a Wawa run to go get butter so that the customer is happy. By the way, the custom-made chicken cutlet was outstanding :)
All in all it was a fantastic family-style meal. The food was authentic and brought me back to Italy. 
Parking is a bit of a problem, but a small price to pay. We were lucky enough though to get a spot right in front of the restaurant.Just were there with 6 people. We sat there for 20 minutes and got no help so we asked for bread. They gave us a spread that was bland & never told us what was in it. We had to ask for olive oil. Everything we asked for the waiter gave us a look like we were really put him out. They didn't have pepper on the table or offer us pepper or Parmesan. It was bland except appetizers were good. It took hours to get served and then they added 20% for tip. I guess he knew he would get 20% no matter what. We were upstairs and most tables were downstairs.Michael, the manager was so rude on the phone, we could not even make a reservation. The food is not so great to put up with such rudeness, Stay Away!!We went for a company retreat, so I do not know the dish names.  the food is great and the servers are nice too.The fish I miss most : it is steamed and melted in mu mouth. chicken has a kick (a hint of spicy).I do not like veal that much. My co-workers love them. Also they have a spagetti with crab meat. I think it is special. certainly take my HB to be there again!One of the best Italian meals I've had for a long time. We went for my birthday and were a party of 5. The staff was very knowledgeable and overall the service was great. Everyone can either get his own dish or the meal can be done family-style. We chose to do a family-style pasta and app sampler with each person choosing his own entree. I am a vegetarian and they were more than happy to accommodate me in selecting the pastas and appetizers. The food was wonderful. I had the pappardelle ai tre funghi and remember also enjoying a pasta with some kind of red sauce and a salad from the sampler. Everyone else at my table was thrilled as well. An excellent meal for a very reasonable price.Top notch food. Beautiful decor. Great service. BYO is added bonus. Highlights were eggplant parm, lobster ravioli, squid ink pasta and veal parm. Will be back!Not the Saturday night dinner we expected.  Overall too expensive for the serving size, certainly not the best prepared meal we have had although service was fine.
On this visit we ordered the veal piccata and a cod dish.  We also ordered the speck/cheese appetizer and an order of broccoli rabe.  The veal was just ok.  Was overly flowered and for over $20 not a sizeable plate which included three pieces of broccoli(see pics).  The waitress suggested the cod dish as it was fresh.  It was not fresh.  It was frozen and had a strong fishy taste.  This also came with three pieces of broccoli.  Notice the size of the piece of fish in the pics again for over $20.  The speck/cheese appetizer included two pieces of speck and a table spoon of cheese spread.  Actually, it had a great taste, but again, for $12 not much to speak of.  Also note the broccoli rabe.  That also was just ok, the rabe itself was a bit bland and the whole garlic cloves seemed as if they were boiled and not sautéed.  The $10 ceaser salad just sent me over the top.  See pic for the size.  That was absolutely disgusting - the price not the salad, although not the best I have had either.  
Overall, the service was fine, even though we were told the fish was fresh and it was not. All dishes were plated and decorated nicely.  Its great that they are a BYOB so you can save money on that end, but the whole bill was over $80 including tip.    For the plate size and quality of the meal, this was quite insane.  If you like to think of your meal as something slightly larger than tappas, buon appetite.This quaint Italian BYOB is making me consider staying in Philly. Perfect, well balanced, homemade Italian dishes at their finest.
We started with the grilled eggplant covered in Parmesan...tender and just punched with tomato flavor.
Next, based on the waiter's excellent recommendations, we had the pesce (fish) sushi grade yellow tuna and the signature veal medallions. The portions were phenomenal. The veal was done exactly rare and juicy. We added a la carte size pastas to our entrees. A black paparadella with loads of jumbo crabmeat and two extra-large prawns. Wow. A homemade gnocchi was pillowy tender and a lobster ravioli drenched in a tomato wine sauce was equally delicious. 
For dessert, we went with the classic Tiramasu which was air fluff light and capped a great meal. The BYOB option to bring your own wine without a ridiculous corkage fee just puts this place up another notch.
I'm an Italian food lover; simple, fresh and quality ingredients, cooked the right way. This was as close to my food experiences in Rome as I've had in a long time.
I think the only downside is that the service might get a bit slow during busy times (Wed night was ok) and the dining room to the right looked a little bit to stark for the right atmosphere. 
If you want excellent Italian food.....go here!I was pleasantly surprised by this unassuming Italian BYO that I had not heard anything about.
The service was fantastic and the food was even better.  The antipasti with burrata cheese was amazing.  The polenta that I had read so much about  was actually one of the lower points of the meal.  It was a bit flavorless and on the night we went, it was served under a bed of broccoli rabe which was a little overpowering for the under-seasoned polenta. 
For my entree I got the poached halibut special with a tomato caper sauce which delicious, but wasn't as good as my boyfriend's homemade black squid ink pappardelle pasta with jumbo crap and shrimp.  Had I not tasted his entree I would have been totally happy, but  ended up having food envy the entire meal.  The pasta was so good that it was the only thing my boyfriend talked about for days on end and was the first thing he talked about when he woke up the next morning.  
All the food came out in a timely manner on a busy Saturday night.  I will definitely be back here again.Tre Scalini Ristorante is one of those South Philly establishments where the experience is being hosted by the generations of family who have owned it from the very beginning - especially if you go with regular patrons who know them very, very well. We met up with my parents and sister, who were in town visiting, and their close friends who were our connection to the Tre Scalini family.
We were immediately seated for our Friday dinner, and as menus were passed around we heard the specials for that evening. Since its BYO, we had brought two bottles of wine with us to enjoy with a traditional, homestyle Italian meal. They offer the option of having the entire table do family-style tastings, choosing several dishes from the antipasti and pastas, and then individuals order entrees, but we decided a party of our size wouldn't be able to decide very easily, so instead my sister, fiance and I shared dishes. We ordered the polenta of the day which had broccoli rabe, the antipasti misto, and a special beet arugula salad to start, and for our entrees we shared the fish of the day, which was branzino with tomatoes and capers, and their pasta nera alla pescareccia (which I couldn't technically eat because I'm allergic to prawns...but that didn't stop me from tasting the stuff around them).
The antipasti are all rather small dishes, but we were just able to split them 3 ways. The beet arugula salad also had orange slices and shaved pecorino, and was a bit heavily dressed with vinaigrette, but tasty. The polenta was grilled so it was both crispy and creamy, and the broccoli rabe was cooked perfectly. The antipasti misto was super small - literally 3 artichoke heart halves - so we each got a small bite that also included sliced prosciutto and burrata. My parents and their friends also shared the arugula salad and antipasti mixto (once they saw our plate, they copied our order :P).
We waited a little bit for our entrees because my father and his friend opted to share the spaghetti aglio ed olio as a mid-course - but no one else ordered a mid-course, so we 'glared' at them to finish up. The branzino was cooked in parchment, so the fillet was nice and tender. Nothing too special, though. The pasta was the better dish, with fresh lump crab meat and large prawns, although the squid ink pappardelle pasta seemed just past the al dente point and was a bit too soft. My mother had their mussels in red sauce antipasti as her entree, which she enjoyed, and her friend had the bistecca di vitello ai tre funghi (her usual favorite dish), and my father and his friend both had the vitello picante (his usual favorite dish). The meat dishes are apparently their specialty, so you should probably try those first. The food is solid, traditional homestyle Italian - exactly what you would expect your Italian grandmother to serve the whole family, except at the end of the meal you get handed a bill.Every single course I've had the three times I've been here has been perfect! The service is great and the food is even better. In fact, the food is so good, even if the service was crap, I would still keep going back.Not impressed. We came for restaurant week. I wasn't impressed by the menu - overpriced for what you got. I ended up ordering off the tasting menu and my steak was over cooked. My girlfriend got the tasting menu and didn't feel like any of the dishes had much flavor. I think there was a reason it was easy to walk in and get a table.Had dinner there last night was really disappointed service was so slow waited  almost 2 hourse for entrees  for appetizers the mussels were horrendous so small and not tasty the antipasti for 2 was barely enough for one the pasta was cold the veal dish was average at best with the veal being tough and hard to chew  what a waste of a saturday nightSloooooow service. No gnocchi or ravioli. Pasta was tasty but oily. Veal was overdone, sent back then RAW and bland. Waitress got pissy. La Croce. Skipped out elsewhere for coffee and dessert.  Annoyingly bad (check my stats, it's rare I give a place a 1-star review, but this place deserves it).  Bad enough that I came home and had some leftover lo-mein for dinner and the wife got sick from the excessive oil in the pasta.Simply put, this place is exceptional. My group was late for our 6 pm reservation on a Friday, but the hosts were flexible and able to accommodate us, no problem. Our waiter, Michael, was professional, friendly, and knowledgeable. He knew every menu item inside and out, and was able to give us some Italian lessons in between! Of note, this place is BYOB--a plus,in my opinion!
Some reviews have complained about how lengthy the dinner is, but to me, that is the joy of this dining experience. For one night, embrace the European way and enjoy a long meal with friends and family. In my opinion, the courses were perfectly spaced out, allowing us to enjoy every dish, from the appetizers to the desserts. 
Here are the standouts:
1. Burrata and leaks with crostini- my favorite cheese, topped lightly with balsamic vinegar and olive oil and easy to spread over the crostini. If you love burrata as much as I do, don't pass this up.
2. Eggplant appetizer- perfectly prepared, not chewy like I've had at other places. 
3. Veal (alla Napolitana)- incredible! so tender, topped with their tomato sauce, which is on the sweeter side, and fresh mozzarella. perfection.
4. Pasta standouts: THE BOLOGNESE! and the pappardelle with porcini and mushrooms; I loved the oil and Parmesan combination, so flavorful yet simple. 
5. Tiramisu- fluffy and layered to perfection.
If you're looking for a delightful and authentic Italian dining experience in South Philadelphia, look no further!These guys do an amazing job. Well worth the trip out to Passyunk. 
One of the few Italian restaurants that does not overcook its seafood on a consistent basis...this alone is worth high praise. 
Classy, helpful waitstaff who know what they're talking about. Yes, the place can be a bit loud, but its nothing unbearable. Get over it people!So, I had high hopes for this place. I haven't been here since the old location. 
We went on Saturday night. The place was not very crowded but a good crowd with a large party upstairs. 
We arrived at 8:15 and stood at the door, hostess area, for about 10 solid minutes before anyone came over. Lots of staff walking back and forth and no one even looking in our location. One or two had to pass us to go outside with even making eye contact. 
We finally sat and then the real waiting started. First for menus, then for the orders to be taken, then for our bread and drinks. But the ultimate wait was for our food. I'd say a solid 40 mins for the apps to come out and another 30-40 for our meal. The waitress did tell us the problem was in the kitchen. (You could see in the kitchen, lots of talking and standing around). 
Nearly every table around us had the same issues. The table next to us got their dinner but not their apps, which cause even more confusion. I'll be surprised if you don't get a lot of these today. 
Then out comes our dinner. The food was hands down the worst Italian meal I have had in So. Philly and I lived here my entire life and eat out a lot. The pasta as so over cooked that it was falling apart and I picked it up. My wife and daughter had the same issues. Theirs looked more like pasta soup. My wife said her's was over cooked in one part and barely cooked in others. 
Won't be back anytime soon.I was late to meet my friend for dinner, and thought parking would be impossible. Fortunately, they offered valet parking. Well worth the price if late or not patient about finding a space on the street. I see a lot of complaints about mediocre service, but our server was attentive and the meal was paced perfectly. I enjoyed the arugula salad with lemon vinaigrette. The flavors were nice, and the arugula fresh and not bitter. My steak, however, was a disappointment. I asked for it cooked medium, and it came well done. The flavor wasn't great, either. Not the best steak I've ever had. I expected much better. I would go again, but would not order the steak. I thought the prices were on the high side.Now any time we go to an Italian restaurant that serves Lobster ravioli, we get it to compare. We were told before we went that these were great. We were not disappointed. The sauce was excellent as well were the ravioli. So tasty and you knew it was fresh homemade. WOW! We didn't think there could be a better place that cucina forte but this place is better and cucina is great.
Now on to the other plate. I also had the veal medalions, i'm not such a veal eater and haven't had it since I was a kid but the waitress sold me on it. they were good, I have nothing to compare them to but as someone who never eats veal I ate the whole thing if that says anything.
A friend ordered the lamb, again i'm not quite the lamb eater but they had great flavor.
Service was excellent and they even went out of the way to make an appetizer a friend of mine used to get that they no longer have on the menu. Can't wait to go back !!I have been waiting to go here for months, I've been to all the other south Philly italian restaurants and wanted to compare.  It's a byob, takes credit cards, and the interiors have been renovated and it reminds me more of pesto than scannichios.  We ordered an eggplant appetizer that was very good if you like eggplant as I do, we also ordered an antipasto that was okay by antipasto standards.  For my entree I had black (squid ink) pasta with shrimp and lump crabmeat, I loved it, very unique.  I was very content at this point, for $22 the entree was incredible.  The check arrived and we were quite puzzled as to why it was higher than we would have thought...apparently the special antipasto was $39!  How could an appetizer that was not huge cost so much (nearly double the entree prices)???  My advice if you go here, is to ask how much the specials are, I generally do not do this but after this experience I might consider it.  With the many local options I'd choose la angolo or scannichios over tre Scalini.So, I hate to give this place 2 stars because the food was very delicious.  My complaints= Parking is horrible.  After I dropped my party off I went looking for a parking spot.  5 blocks later, I found one. As I'm walking back to the restaurant, someone in my party calls me to tell me there is valet parking.  No one would know this because no one was outside to valet my car and there were no signs stating valet parking.  Secondly, we had reservations for 8pm and got seated promptly.   It took about 20 minutes for someone to open our wine. We ordered appetizers and few pasta dishes and entrees.  It took about 45 minutes to an hour for each course to come out, and we ended up getting served our entree about 11pm. The pasta dishes were good, but the waiter suggested we get them family style which we did.  When there are 6 people in a party, you should make sure family style is enough for a group of 6.  We each got a tablespoons worth.  As I said, we enjoyed the food, but the wait for the food ruined my dining experience there.  We didn't order dessert or coffee because we didn't want to wait another hour to get it.   I would probably not go back as there are some great Italian restaurants in the city that will give you both great food and great service.  Sorry Tre Scalini.Visited this restaurant on a Friday in December with a party of two. We had an 8 o'clock reservation, showed up on time and then waited awkwardly in the entrance for about ten minutes until we were acknowledged and seated. Overall, the service was sub par but the food more than made up for that. Highly recommend the mussel app and the pasta dishes, especially the lobster ravioli. I found the prices reasonable for the quality of the food. BYO is always a plus! We will be back.Great meal and great service.  We had a wonderful meal and I've sampled most of the menu after eating here a half dozen times. The mussels in the red sauce will have you asking for more bread to soak up those amazing flavors.  I would definitely recommend any of the pastas especially the squid ink pasta with crab and the veal chop or veal medallions with mushrooms. The crust less cheesecake is a must too!Eh... No Thank you... Pasta is supposed to be piping hot... And sauce, creamy... Not watery...really Nice chef...... But maybe revise the menu. It's OK, sometimes you need take it back to the basics.  Good luckBefore going to Tre Scalini I heard a lot of good things.  I was given recommendations as far as what to eat. Four of us went on Saturday night. I will be brief - our waitress was terrible! No personality. Very slow. She didn't offer any suggestions.  At the end our coffee was cold plus she spilled half of my cup into a dish she was also carrying out for our neighboring table.  The food was good  but the portions were smaller than I expected. I don't think I will be going back."john" the waiter didn't steer me wrong - the gnocci in marinara was the shiznit : ) Thanks, john!My parents discovered Tre Scalini a few months back and have been ranting and raving about it for awhile.  So my sister flew in from Chicago last weekend, and we made a reservation for 9:30 since her flight was late, they were happy to take the resie.  My bf and I met them there but not before the Phillies game was over (the clincher..) we arrived and I told the waitress who was sitting outside that the rest of our party was arriving shortly and that in the mean time we'd be in adobe having a beer and a shot of tequila and watching Cole wind down a shut out to clinch the NLDS, she was totally fine with that.  FINALLY the phils win, my parents and sister arrive and we are seated.  We had a wonderful Italian gentleman take us from each wonderful course to the next.  I wish i had a menu to reference, but it went something like this.  Antipasti, AMAZING, so fresh and delicious, I could have eaten it all night. I believe we had the lamb lollipops (forgive me, it gets a little fuzzy due to the combination of tequila, NLDS euphoria and total culinary sensory overload) I had some buffala mozzarella that literally melted the moment it touched my tongue.  i then had the lobster ravioli in pink sauce with jumbo lump crab meet. Amazing.  Others at the table enjoyed a veal special, I heard NO complaints, and I am not sure if there was anything else.  They let us enjoy our meal until the last morsel was gone and the last drop of wine was consumed. We didn't feel hurried or unwelcome. It was amazing.  I will ABSOLUTELY be back!Lobster and cheese stuffed ravioli was very tasty. The crab meat it was topped with was the highlight of the meal. I also liked the black pasta with prawns and crab meat. That was a very big portion and could possibly be shared. 
The veal piccata was pretty good, but not great...I expected better with all of their veal options on the menu. Nice restaurant with outside seating that could be really nice on a cool summer night.We went to Tre Scalini a few evenings ago and had a wonderful dinner. The service was timely but we never felt hurried. The overall atmosphere was relaxed and casual. Most importantly the food was excellent.  We shared a few appetizers between a table of four (some we chose, some recommended spontaneously by our waiter) and then enjoyed delicious entrees - lobster ravioli, black papardelle pasta with prawns, and lamb popsicles. All of our meals were prepared perfectly and were portioned well. We don't live in Philly, but plan to go back for another meal the next time we're in town.I have been eating regularly at Tre Scalini since it opened (at it's former location down the block) 15 or so years ago and it remains my go-to choice among Philadelphia's vast array of great Italian BYOBs.  I must admit that at times I do wonder "Why do I come here so often?  Am I stuck in a rut?" And then the I put the first forkful of this exquisitely simple (read 'authentic') but oh so delectable cibo italiano in my mouth and all questioning ceases. Tre Scalini's Italian-born chef-owner Franca is dedicated to the art of la cucina italiana.  So much so that she NEVER leaves the kitchen and chooses to close the place if she ever takes a vacation rather than leave the cooking to others  ..now that's dedication!. Her food is high art, but derived from the Molise kitchens, it is ever so accessible.  No fancy over creamed sauces, over stuffed meats or fishes, or layered sculptures of eclectic ingredients here - it is simplicity as art.   
The authenticity of Tre Scalini's food almost demands that you eat in the Italian way: beginning with antipasti, primi (pasta), secondi (fish or meat), contorni, and dolci.  Ask for appetizer portions of the pasta if you think this is too much food. (Too much? Ha! Wait till you taste it!).  
My favorites (although there is no 'wrong' choice here): 
Appetizers:  Melenzana alla Napolitano, so simple and soooo good; a sometimes offering of broccoli rabe with cannellini, chopped bread, garlic and oil; Cannellini mussles and calamari in a tomato broth served over a crust of bread; Burrata (fresh buttery cheese) and prosciutto; Mussles.  
Pasta : Anything over Spaghetti alla chittara ...Marinara, Tomato-Basil, Clams, but I especially love the Aglio e Olio, with hot pepper flakes, anchovies and capers or olives.  Squid ink papardelle with prawns and crab meat; Papardelle with mushrooms and truffle oil ...ayayaya!   
Fish: Branzino, steamed with Livornese sauce (chopped tomatoes, olives and olive oil); Pepper crusted tuna (sushi grade RARE! ) ...if they have it;  Zuppa di Pesce.  Clams, calamari, mussles, and sea bass or red snapper in a simple tomato-based broth.  
Meat: I never order chicken out, but Franca's Pollo alla Veneziana is worth breaking that rule; the Vitello alla Napolitana is delicate and delightful, made like the eggplant, pan cooked in olive oil with a simple tomato-oil sauce with a dusting of Parmigiano. The signature dish here is the veal loin medallions with mushrooms; the filet mignon of the veal. 
Actually, I never had anything that wasn't excellent here, so if it sounds good to you, order it.  Buon appetito!Rude waiter
Rude chef 
Complained to us that we were late even though the place was empty on a weeknight 
Everything over saltedGiving one star better than my experience since all other reviews are better than I've seen on many other restaurants in Phila.  Maybe it was me?  Went here because the reviews were so good.  Sorry, I was not impressed.  
Small Lobster ravioli app., Small house salad and antipasto.  Ravioli good, not great - sauce very good.  House salad good.  Antipasto way too small, two thick sliced slices of prosciutto very tough, two halves of artichoke hearts, very good mushroom slices and a light cheese in center also good. 
Spaghetti bolognese OK, veal medallions very good, spaghetti with truffle sauce not tasty at all, and Spaghetti with olive oil and mushrooms just OK (needed lots of cheese and pepper to pick up flavor).  Pasta is cooked al'dente and very good, also wide noodles different and a plus.
Maybe I over expected so take this review with a grain of salt.  I know that for a Sunday night the place was full which is something I don't normally see in Phila.
$120 bill was not reasonable for a $$ restaurant especially with 3 spaghetti dishes.  I'm giving it a $$$.  Will probably try again and review later.
Also agree with other reviewers that time between appetizers and entree is long, but that's a plus to us especially when we have wine on the table.   Much better than finishing half and appetizer and having it pulled for the entree.Good, solid Italian food in the neighborhood and surprisingly good for kids. Try the honey, goat cheese, truffle oil, field greens salad which happens to be a special on most days. We went there with a party of 5 and the host/server was super attentive, super Italian, patient, and knowledgeable. The family that runs this place are the real deal.So disappointed..  went back for the papperdelle with shrimp & crabmeat that I had the last time and instead of the wonderful light   sauce from before it was floating in oil:(Food is overpriced and not very memorable. My Branzino was drowning in oil. Service was friendly and attentive. Atmosphere was stuffy old world Italian, which I found charming. Not a bad experience, but probably wouldn't go back.Michael, host/owner, was outstanding with menu help/recommendations. All dishes were wonderful; my veal was fork tender, the papperdelle dishes were creative & flavorful. Bring your best bottle of Italian wine! (Valet parking was a plus!!)Great from beginning to end .. Great service, high quality food. 
 Like good old home Italian cooking ... Love it !!Love this place. Hate writing a review because it might make it harder to get a reservation! 
My family comes here every time we are back in Philadelphia together. The food is amazing, the service is enjoyable and friendly.Overall, we would definitely come here again! The roasted peppers with mozzarella and kale with beans was both excellent started choices. All of us were very pleased with our entrees which included veal, lobster ravioli and boar soup. 
Desserts were all lovely as well except the double espresso tasted burnt. Our waitress was less than friendly but other stuff was kind.This was the best meal I've ever had out. My Fiance picked this place for me to take him for his birthday this past weekend... And I'm so glad he did! I was hesitant based on the reviews about the $39 surprise anti pasta dish, but we had no such experience. 
We shared a scallop appetizer that was on special. 
Followed by the squid ink with seafood pasta dish (small plate pasta course). 
Then he got the chefs specialty veal dish and I had the lobster ravioli. 
Everything was absolutely perfect. The staff was great.
We can't wait to come back again. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone.I thoroughly enjoyed my meal from start to finish. The owner of the restaurant prepares almost all the specialties. She must be a culinary expert because the Broccoli Rabe I had was prepared so well it might as well have been green gold. No bitterness. The fact it's a BYOB is also a wonderful thing. I usually review menus prior to eating and take my time pairing a wine or 2 that I think  best fits. Restaurants usually don't have your favorites! Well done Tre Scallini.Enjoyed an amazing dinner last night with friends who are veteran customers.  Our first time to South Philly. BYO, attentive staff..valet parking available. We will definitely be back!Yes, the wait between courses was long but think about how long it takes you to cook a good meal.  The wait is definitely worth it!  I went there with my husband tonight for our wedding anniversary dinner and we loved it!!  The food was amazing, and I'm not one to get excited over food.  Our server, Kevin, knew the menu inside and out and was very accommodating.   I wish I knew the name of the young lady who sat us at our table because she was great as well.  We are adding this to our list of favorite restaurants and will definitely go back.We had a disappointing meal here last night. Three stars because we were seated promptly and one member of our group loved his fish soup which provided generous portions of mussels and clams, two large scallops and chunks of tasty fish. The rest of us order pasta dishes. Billed as "pappardelle with shredded short ribs" we received barely a taste of what appeared to be the same ground beef you would expect in a bolognese sauce.  So little meat, it was sad, especially for $22. Basically, it was a bowl of noodles. Absolutely ordinary. We had heard good things about this restaurant but will not go there again.I've been here a few times over the years, this time was with six friends. Service was pretty good but she never came over to ask if everything was ok!  While the female waitress said how good the broccoli rabe and cheesecake was, I didn't agree & found it  to be just ok. Esp the broccoli rabe, was bland and not enough oil & garlic, (I could have made it better myself!) my friends agreed! My Pasta Nera was very good though thank goodness! Lastly, I thought it was pricey, since we took our own wine and shared only two appys for seven of us and had a few desserts, $53 each.The reason this place gets 2 stars is for the reasonable pricing for tasty food and it being a byob. To me, customer service is everything. The service was beyond arrogant. We didn't have a reservation (although no one answered the phone when we called several times attempting to make one) and I felt as if we were given walk-in treatment while the restaurant had plenty of tables open. Previous reviewer nailed it on the head, it was as if they were doing us a favor by serving us. There are many delicious restaurants within the same vicinity. I used my Tre Scalini gift card, tried it out and I will not be going back. Also, I think it's completely bizarre to have an Italian restaurant and not offer fresh cracked pepper to top your entrees.Definitely make a reservation for a weekend night. Even with a reservation, my companion and I had to sit on the same side of the table because the table next too us was too close. We were the only diners under 40 in the place, it seemed. It also seemed the server judged us for bringing boxed wine. (Side note: there is nothing inherently wrong with boxed wine and some of it is quite good - better than many cheap bottle brands) The food was great but menu options somewhat limited. Service was slow; the host eventually took our check because the server did not come by for a while. I say this not to sound like a rude, rushed millennial. Just a heads up that this is the kind of restaurant where you need to be prepared for a slower pace.This place came highly recommended and I was really looking forward to taking my mom there Easter evening. We arrived just around 630 and were quickly seated. The well dressed gentleman who seated us, filled our water glasses and, with a wink, promised to return with the lemon wedges my mom requested. We never saw him again. It took a while for the server to greet us, maybe 10 minutes. We were told the specials and what they were out of - the gnocchi and the lamb chops. Too bad because the gnocchi was exactly what I wanted. I settled on fettuccine in the tomato basil sauce (being a vegetarian, it was the only option) while my mom ordered the veal pancetta and we shared the eggplant appetizer. 30 minutes after placing our order, the server came out to assure us that our appetizer was coming right up but that the chef had run out of the veal usually used for the pancetta and would my mom mind if they used a thicker slice. Ten minutes later, the three slices of eggplant arrived. At 740, our dinners arrived. There was hair in my pasta. 
The server was very apologetic and told us that the owner's family was being served in the other room and that was the reason for the delays. They should have just closed the restaurant as opposed to staying open and delivering sub-par service and so-so food. 
With so many other quality options, I will never go back.Went here for a surprise party with a large group. Seemed to be ok for groups if you are ok waiting 3.5 hours for dinner. Biggest issue was that the waitress told my someone in my party who has celiac disease that they had gluten free pasta and then proceeded to come back and say they didn't. I don't think she understood how bad that was. The service was literally the slowest I've ever experienced in my life and no "true Italian style dinner" mention can get rid of that. I brought the cake to the waitress about halfway through dinner and she made no mention about a cake cutting fee until after the cake was cut and was surprised no one had told me about it. But she had the full opportunity to tell me about it when I brought it to her and we had a discussion of how to cut the cake and when. 0 stars for service. 4 stars for food.food was good and portions were appropriately sized.  nothing blew us away.  we had heard amazing things about this place, so it's tough to have all those expectations met.  however, a nice italian byob with good pasta.  they should probably write their specials down because it's easy to zone out when they are being read to you.If you're looking for a place to treat your mother, look no further. Between the
 cliched wall murals of Italian Piazze and the soundtrack that veers between Andrea Bocelli and Enrique Iglesias, it's everything she could ask for in a place. But perhaps I'm being too critical. The food, after all, is great. The waiters are knowledgeable and creative (ours suggested an off-menu platter of prosciutto, cheese, and grilled vegetables), and the food is excellent. We had about seven dishes; Mussels, Pasta Nera, Gnocchi, Veal, and a few other things that escape my mind. All of them were great, but the gnocchi was spectacular! It practically melted and unfolded in my mouth!
I definitely recommend this place; it's a stand up South Philly Italian joint.I hate to give this place such a low rating because I had heard amazing things about it (including from my brother and sister-in-law who insisted we had to go here).  We were seated at 8pm, didn't order until almost 9pm, didn't get our appetizers until 9:45, and our entrees didn't come until almost 10:45pm.  It was almost midnight before we were out of the restaurant.  We were a table of 5 and yes, the restaurant was crowded - but this wait was TERRIBLE.  The waitress kept blaming the slowness on a party upstairs.  We had to keep asking when the next course was coming - and we were not the only one!  We overheard several tables complaining of the same wait.  Even the waitress we had knew the wait was terrible as she asked if wanted dessert or coffee and then said "yeah I didn't think so".
It is a BYOB so we brough 4 bottles of wine for 5 people.  The wait was so long that we were out of wine before our entrees arrived.  And for some reason they put our white wine bucket clear across the room - so if anyone at our table wanted white we had to flag down the waitress (who was extremely hard to find) or get up and get it ourselves.  Extremely inconvenient. 
By the time the food got to the table, no one was hungry any more - which was ok because most of the food was wrong - my dinner was overcooked and the pasta was rubbery (I had originally wanted the gnocchi but they were out so I had to go with a not very exciting second choice - being allergic to fish really limited my pasta options)  One of our party ordered a steak medium well - it came out pink and very rare.  He didn't want to send it back because it probably would have been another hour before he got another one.  My fiance ordered the "boar stew" special which sounded awesome- but what he got was a bowl of pasta with some ground meat in it that may have been boar and a little bit of broth.  Not what we were expecting.
It wasnt all bad though - There was a drunk woman from "the party upstairs" who tried to follow me in to the bathroom, and then punched me in the shoulder on the way out.  That was fun.
And there is a red-headed waitress there who was polite and great.  When we couldn't find our regular waitress (twice) we flagged her down and she was able to help us - and always with a smile.
Save your money and go to one of the many other awesome Italian restaurants in the city.  The rude waitress and terribly slow service don't make up for the few bits of our food that were good.Been here 2x now.
Favorite dish is the porcini pasta - its incredible! The ambience is nice and cosy, perfect for an intimate dinner with friends/family/loves ones. The melanzane app is awesome, and I have gotten in both times now.
Also ordered the new gnocchi with brocoli rab - not as good as I was hoping, but the gnocchi itself was very good
BYO - :-)From start to finish our meal was amazing we had three appetizers mussels,eggplant and capris salad. Followed by pasta course and we loved the black pasta. We were a party of four and I had the scallops were perfectly cooked. Just wish we could have went with more people to order everything off the menu.Pasta Nera delicious tried the kale appetizer also satisfying. Our wait staff didn't fail. Only complaint was the valet service which it seemed they share with the other restaurants was a bit slow.New favorite restaurant in Philadelphia - authentic Italian food, second to none in the area!
Started the meal with a fantastic eggplant appetizer and tiny lamb lollipops which were easily the best we've ever had.
Followed up with bread and house-made hummus. Service was fantastic -very friendly and professional. Their kitchen was beyond impressive with every dish so full of flavor, perfection in every bite.
We sampled lobster raviolis, gnocchi, and spaghetti with short rib ragú.
I would recommend all of the above , and any of the the meats and pastas. They even allow you to get small-sized dishes of their entrees if you want to try a different dish!
This is the best restaurant on Passyunk, in my opinion.  It's also B.Y.O.B., F.Y.I., but you can buy bottles from across the street or have them delivered.Best pasta ever!!!  I'm from NY and we have excellent pasta...so why is this better?  Lighter and tastier than I have ever had.  I ordered the pasta with artichokes and peas...superb!Three stars are only for the quality of food. This restaurant is byo with plenty of space for big groups. However, the service is very slow. Not just in bringing the food over but also to take orders or even sit at the table. Every time I've been there, they are busy but not to the point to make it an excuse. Definitely worth to try some great Italian dishes.Tre Scalini is one of the old school Italian cucinas in Philadelphia. The mom-and-pop restaurant has been doing the whole quaint BYO things long before it was popular on Passyunk Avenue, long before Passyunk was a place to be seen.
This was my favorite place to take dates when I was in high school and college and, a decade later, it still remains one of my favorite spots for a romantic night out.Italian BYOBs are a dime a dozen in this neighborhood.  So when I find myself craving not one but TWO dishes that I had at one, it means something to me.
That being said, the first dish you must try is the Pasta Nera Alla Pescareccia.  Don't think about it.  Just get in your car/on the subway/in a cab/get your feet moving and come to Tre Scalini and order this.  Honestly, it was one of the better Italian dishes I've had in a long, long time.  And that says something, because I eat a ton of Italian food.
The second dish that blew me away was the polenta of the day, which on our visit was covered in broccoli rabe and sauteed garlic.  I was never a huge polenta eater but this dish is crave worthy.  I found myself thinking about it while in the shower one morning.  No lie.
So why does Tre Scalini lose a star if their food is so banging?  I feel that the service was a bit lacking.  Now to give them the benefit of the doubt, we were there on the Saturday before Christmas, so they may have been super busy, but I felt like the servers kept trying to push the most expensive dishes on us, which rubbed me the wrong way.  There also seemed to be a lot of staff members running around, which made for a rather unrelaxing meal.  Am I being picky on this?  Probably.  Will I go back and check them out again and give them a chance to earn that 5th star?  Heck yes I will.  I gotta get me some more of that Pasta Nera!To the people who said that the service was unfriendly.... maybe you're the problem! I LOVE Tre Scalini.  My waiter was so friendly and so nice to my boyfriend and me.  And we are well under 40! The other waiters walking around were so nice to me as well.  I love the chef too- she is as authentic as you'll find in Philly.  Thick Italian accent.  
The food is EXCELLENT. I've never had a bad meal here.  I'm taking my entire family tonight actually.  Scallops- excellent.  Lobster ravs- excellent.  Eggplant parm- the closest I've had to my grandmother's (it's GOOD).
Hidden gem, byob, excellent food, and real Italians.... I'm sold!A haiku . . . . 
A hipster-free block
Delicious food awaits you
Its BYOB
Got lamb lollipops
Chewy bread with olive oil
Tiramisu too
Sat on the sidewalk
Pagan bikers add nice touch
Go great with mussels!
Authentic and quaint
Don't remember what I paid . . . 
Because I was drunkI wanted to go to the kitchen to see if my grandma was back there..... what an outstanding restaurant. Family style seating with a great view of the south Philly back drop. One of my favorite places in Philadelphia to go.
Actually one of my favorite restaurants of all time really....I don't venture out of the Ritt/Center City much for restaurants, but I'd heard so many great things about this place that I did, and I really wish I hadn't! The service was very okay, the food was very okay, and the whole place was just loud and not enjoyable. Won't be returning.My fiancé and I loved this place!! I came in specifically to get the lobster ravioli which they didn't have, but the second choice was maybe the best pasta I have ever had. Can't wait to go back and try the first choice! The hummus was amazing and we had no complaints at all on anything we ate. The eggplant app was perfect! Highly recommend.The best authentic Italian food you will have in South Philly. The entire staff was extremely courteous and friendly. MIchael, the head waiter, spoke so beautifully about his menu. His recommendations were spot on and oh so delicious.
My husband and i had the house red wine and the antipasto to start. I am an amateur Italian food critic here, so please excuse my lack of Italian-correctness. The prosciutto and cheese were phenomenal. Along with the tomato, basil, and mozzarella. I ordered the lollipop Lamb Chop with broccoli and my husband had Angel Hair pasta, with lump crab meat. Both dishes were excellent.
I totally recommend Tre Scallini for a romantic dinner, family outing, or when you just want authentic Italian ambiance.Tres Miserable is how I would describe our dining experience last night. We were really looking forward to dining at their newest location and even after reading the reviews of poor service ( not waitress) I thought that maybe their experiences were a fluke. Sorry to say but everyone was correct. The most common words I heard from other diners was that they would never come back again ever.
After being seated promptly  (but the noise is deafening in the front room with people waiting to be seated) we waited and waited for our server. After ordering we waiting 40 minutes for our appetizers. The mussels were a disgrace. After reading how good they were from other Yelpers, and I love mussels you can imagine how disappointed I was to see these little scrawny things come out of their big shells. If we weren't so hungry I would have sent them back. Our wives appetizer was an antipasto for two. The same thing here. It wasn't even a serving for a child let alone two adults. 
Next, we waited over an hour longer for our entrees. We often said to each other that we should leave and go to Pat's down the street, but no I love to suffer on my Saturday evenings so we waited, and waited, and waited. Now you would think that we would have spoken to the manager, which I think is the owner (chefs) son. 
Well, that was a mistake. He couldn't care less that we had been there almost two hours without our main course. His comment was in asking us if we would rather leave.
Well we didn't but I can assure you that we and at least another ten people that left the restaurant last night will not be back either.
 A patron that I spoke with that had been in a large party that were seated at 6:30 and were leaving at 10 really summed it up. She was a waitress herself and works 6 days a week and has one evening off, and Tres Scalini is where they decided to relax and unwind from her stressful week, said and I quote" this place is just living on past laurels. they have no clue about running a proper restaurant and providing decent service that a customer would require.
Tres Scalini you are off our list of restaurants to dine at forever and I hope that enough people see this review to avoid you like a plague. Maybe then you will come to your senses and run a restaurant like it should be.We were looking for a restaurant to eat at in South Philly while my daughter was at a concert.  We do not eat in the city that often so I wanted to find a restaurant that got good reviews.  After lots of research we decided on Tre Scalini and I am so glad we did.  Service was good, friendly staff.  The food was a definite winner!  Shared the Antipasto, good starter.  My husband had the Wide noodle pasta with short rib ragu, it was a special.  Delish!  Hearty dish with great flavor.  I had the Veal Filets with mushrooms.  So tender and juicy, I never had veal like that before.  Enough to share with my husband.  It was delicious.  I also had a side order of gnocchi in red sauce.  Light & fluffy pasta and the red sauce was so tasty!  I could have eaten more.  The plain cheesecake was just okay.  No frills.
We will definitely be back.  There are more things on the menu we want to try.  Valet service right out front was so convenient.  BYOB saves you money on alcohol.  I wish we lived closer!We had dinner here on Saturday to celebrate my nephew's graduation.  The food and service was excellent and surpassed our expectations.  It reminded us of meals we had on a recent trip to Italy.  We will definitely plan a meal here again if we're ever in Philly!Could not be more disappointed. Came here with a group of 23 and left starving. Have had the same reservation with around 20 friends for years. It was never awesome but we never had any complaints. We always left full and felt the service/food was decent. This year was a completely different story. Served enough food for maybe 10 people...to the point where we had to cut chicken in half to make sure everyone got a bite. At 60$ per person I would think everyone could at least get a piece of chicken? The portions were so small everyone was scraping there plates waiting for the next "course". I didn't want to complain but after leaving it was clear that everyone was still hungry and disappointed. They also tried to charge us for 26 people when there were only 23. We will be taking our business elsewhere next year. #HANGRYThis place was never recognized for its warm and fuzzy personality, but the food was always so good that you tended to overlook the servers that acted like they would rather not be there and the constant answer of "no" from the chef whenever there was a request for a special order.  However, those elements are now ridiculously unacceptable when the food shows up late and cold.  Tre Scalini seems to be moving rapidly toward mediocrity.  Our most recent visit will be our last.  There are just too many places that provide as good or better food while demonstrating genuine pleasure to have your business..From the moment you walk into this place they make you feel as if you are an intruder.  No "How are you this evening?" or "Nice to have you with us.". Arrogant, curt and obnoxious.  Both the host and waiter acted as if they were doing us a favor by serving us.  A great combination to really piss you off.  The food is very good here however.  But it is no better than many other great Italian restaurants in South Philly.  
Don't waste your time unless you don't mind serious attitude!Went there recently after yet another snowstorm. It was a Saturday night and this was a first date with someone I really liked, so I wanted it to go well. The cab was very early and the hostess (owner?) said that if we wanted to go to the bar a couple doors down she would get us when our table was ready. She walked us down, waved to the bartender, and we had our drink. Sure enough, after getting through one drink she came and got us, and we were seated at a table for two. We then proceeded to have an incredibly good meal of pasta, branzino, and a polenta and broccoli rabe appetizer. Great service, and some of the best tiramisu ever. Oh, and a bottle of wine with my new now-girlfriend. Yes, it's small and a little loud, but it's authentic yet upscale Italian in South Philly. Given the price of restaurants in the city I thought it was reasonable. For sure a memorable evening and I've already booked another reservation.I know there are newer and trendier restaurants in Philadelphia, but I keep coming back to Tre Scalini.  The food and experience are as close to being in Italy as you can get.  I'm a foodie, so it takes a lot to keep me satisfied, but this is truly high quality, and incredibly reasonable for what it is.  
Michael, (the owner/chef's son-in-law) takes care of the front of the house and is always gracious.  The menu has been expanding and changing as of late, while keeping the old favorites, so if you haven't been for a while it's definitely worth a return.
If your idea of Italian is red gravy, this is probably not the place for you, but if you enjoy fresh ingredients, classically prepared, it is just fabulous.