This is a great cafe.  The coffee is consistently good, the food is delicious and Tony and his staff are the absolute best!I stopped by here while I was in the area shopping.  I ordered the mozzarella panini which was amazing!! It had prosciutto in it as well which is nice bonus.  Everything tasted fresh including the pesto and was made to order.  The panini was huge.  The cafe itself is unimpressive with only 3 bar stools available for seating.  Mostly people order salads and sandwiches to go.  Would definitely come back and maybe even try the tiramisu.Small place just off Broad st.   Great coffee and excellent vegetarian panini. He put in eggplant and pesto. Fresh ingredients and fair pricing. I was staying at a hotel in the area and walked to this cozy spot for takeout. Only a couple of stools at a small counter but i would go there again.Had the portobello panini, and it was delicious. Friendly service. Fast. Affordable. They made it fresh right when I ordered it, so it was also hot and cooked perfectly. I didn't try anything else, but the rest of the menu looked good for a simple lunch or snacks. Very little seating, so not a place for a big group.I'm biased because I work nearby, and Tony's shop is the most convenient place for a quick bite, so I've had opportunity to try it more than other places. That said, this is a family-run operation where one goes to feel like family. Tony, his sister, and his mother do all the cooking, and it really shows in the food: it's personal, it's fresh, with lots of hints of family tradition. There are also great healthy options -- tuscan bean salad, couscous salad, parfaits, homemade soups -- that put it on par with places like Snap Kitchen. It's not big on square footage, but I hear we're getting sidewalk seating this spring/summer, so even more reason to go. I also love all the Mark Knopfler memorabilia, and all the photos of Tony with his loyal customers.Delicious breakfast sandwich! No seating to speak of. Loved the food and friendlynessOne of my favorite spots to get a sandwich. The owners are friendly and welcoming and make a mean panini. The shop is small and cozy and very easy to overlook on Locust but make sure you don't miss it if you're looking to get a good sandwich, salad, or even pastry. Their ingredients are fresh and they always have a good selection. Definitely make a trip over here.The absolute BEST chicken salad sandwich I have ever had, anywhere! The chicken salad is tangy and is always piled high -- the amount that escapes from your sandwich is almost enough for another meal. Lots of crisp lettuce and the apples truly set this sandwich apart. Add a side of their amazingly delicious bean salad, and you've got quite the lunch!
It's a small spot, so sometimes service can take a little longer, but it's so worth the wait. Nice people there too! LOVE this lunch spot!I really like Tuscany Cafe! I work in the same building and it's very convenient. I'm a big fan of their sandwiches and salads -- particularly the chicken salad! The tea is great (Earl Grey is very flavorful!) and the staff is very speedy. It is true that there is virtually no seating -- but if you're just going in to grab something, it's very yummy!I came across Tuscany Café on MealPal. I decided to get their offering of a Chicken Caesar Salad for lunch. Hands down it's one of the best Chicken Caesar Salads I've ever had. It was so good. There's a hefty amount of chicken on the salad. But the dressing...there's something special about the dressing that makes the salad amazing. It's not your normal Caesar dressing. It has a hint of sweetness and it's oh so good. Since I loved the salad so much, I decided to try their Chicken Salad Sandwich. I usually don't get tuna salad or chicken salad away from home, but I decided to live on the edge. And I'm glad I did. The sandwich was delicious. It had lettuce and gala apples on it. I'll definitely go back for it. I'm looking forward to trying more things from their menu.Came across this cafe on my way to a conference down the street. On my second day, I tried a fluffy pastry, fresh out of the oven, with some filling that was sweet just to the right amount. It was the yummiest pastry you could imagine. Thanks for recommending it :)I went in, having no expectations at all after scrolling Yelp for someplace to have my lunch today. I came about this little place next to my building and my oh my was I in for a surprise! I had the chicken salad salad and WOW was that thing great or what!
A mixture of great, tasty, kind of shredded chicken, fresh salad and lots of fresh fruits like slices of apples, strawberries, blueberries and also some almonds. Hands down, one of the best salads I've ever had and for such a great price. Definitely going to be a regular here from now on!Awesome little spot we stopped at near our Airbnb we stopped in to get breakfast. Only a few seat to eat at which is fine because it's very cozy with only the owner that prepares your order and one server. Food is cheap and excellent especially for what you're paying. It's hard to find if you aren't looking for it but please stop in and give it a try if you're in the area, very much worth the trip!This location of Tuscany Cafe is one of three in Center City, albeit the smallest.  I was discouraged by the lack of seating (a counter covered with newspapers with only three stools) and the barista seemed to be a bit short-tempered, but she served me quickly and I enjoyed my chocolate muffin and hot apple cider.  I was told by the barista, however, that the other two locations were more worth visiting, so I will give both of those a shot in the near future.Good food, cheap and nice service. I ordered the bagel and egg sandwich and it was delicious.. Came with a few good sides as well. Only complaint is that it's small making it a tough place to hang out or to get work done. I'll definitely go back to take out breakfast or coffee though!Everything is homemade here. Fresh and properly prepared. Soup is excellent- no chemical soup base poison- the chicken soup actually has chicken! Prices are reasonable, especially for this neighborhood. The couscous is lemony and addictive. The gentleman who runs it is helpful and friendly, but quiet, and leaves you in peace if you want to sit at the little bar and have your lunch. The coffees are freshly brewed and excellent. (No burnt stuff here.) I wish they were open all week, but I understand that his client base are the workers in the area. If you want to hang for four hours, maybe SB is a better choice. If you want to support local freshness and quality instead, go here. Fresh, clean, fast as hell, high quality, homemade, peaceful even though tiny. Close to Academy of Music if you have to be there during the work day.People are incredibly nice and the food is made fresh and it's delicious! Thr coffee was some of the besr I've ever had. I recommend the Mocha Latte!I eat lunch here at least twice per week. The food is delicious, service is fast, and the owner (Tony) is very friendly and accommodating. Most of the food is homemade--prepared by Tony and his family. Not much room to sit and eat, but great for a quick bite alone or for grab-and-go.
Do yourself a favor and try their homemade chicken salad with dill. Great on a sandwich or salad.I had been eyeing Tuscany Cafe for months--pretty much ever since I moved to Philly over a year ago. It is so quaint where it is tucked away on Locust Street. The iced coffee was delicious and I can't wait to try their food!I went there based on Yelp reviews. We were surprised to find a tiny restaurant with four counter seats and not a full restaurant. We go two delicious breakfast sandwiches,  which were made to order. Coffee tasted fresh. The owner and girl behind the counter was very nice!  Def a place for a quick to go or sip of coffee.I work in the building and visit this cafe religiously.  the owners are the friendliest most generous people you will ever meet.  the coffee is La Colombe and is always a perfect cup, and their home made sandwiches and salads are excellent.  i started coming for the coffee but it has become a visit with friends every morning.  LOVE this place.Don't let the no-character brick building with all the exterior charm of it's pizza/steak shop past lives throw you off!  Tuscany Cafe is wonderful!  I had visited their center city location many times in the past and to find that they have a new location literally 10 minutes from my house was the best surprise ever.  May I just say.       LA COLUMBE COFFEE!!  That should give you a hint of the quality of the food here.  My favorites so far after two visits are the omelette, the caramelized banana crepes and the avocado BLT.  Heaven on a plate!!  We also like the tiramisu and the banana bread with chocolate chips.  Everything from the Pandora sounds to the absolutely top notch staff is superb.  You must give it a try!!  And of course.       LA COLUMBE!This place is absolutely incredible. The food is so delicious and the staff treat you like family! I had a panini and it was sooooo delicious! If I could have lunch here every single day, I would. 
The coffee is a must! It's freshly grinder and extremely dense, just the way I like it. I go to their other location in Havertown and the place is crazy good as well. Come here if you want to get your money's worth of food!Just stop for breakfast it was great the breakfast menu is very small but the food is great. The coffee is off the hook some of the best I ever had and the serving size is large. If you are driving by stop in you will not regret it.Ever since new ownership took over, this place has been excellent. Every salad is handcrafted and personalized (if that's what you want). There's no lack of ingredients either as each salad is loaded with fresh veggies, dressings, etc. The sandwiches are always freshly made as well.
Any review on Tuscany Cafe made prior to the fall of 2013 is outdated, new ownership has completely turned the cafe around.What a great little spot I stumbled into the other day! They served me even though they were closed which I didn't even know until leaving. Super friendly people and great coffee and food.
Small but mighty!I don't normally walk this way to work but today I did and I had a hunger for something filling. I entered this cafe from Locust St. I believe it is connected to the apartment high rise above as there were a plethora of regulars coming and going, each greeted by the owner by name (who doesn't like that type of respect?!?). I was offered spinach with my Egg & Sausage at free charge - naturally I accepted. The sandwich was  made with care and served with a smile. Love the hometown quaint feel and hospitality I felt upon entering. Price point was on point. Sandwich & coffee for $7.Great little cafe, cheap, quick, delicious.  The owner is very friendly and really cares about the food he prepares.  They serve la columbe coffee and there is a few seats to sit and enjoy if you're not in a rush.  
We got two coffees, a breakfast sandwich and a bagel with cream cheese for $12!The didn't have anything in stock.  I ordered a turkey panini and ended up with a chicken "panini" but it wasn't a panini it was a pita thing that was half toasted.  the only thing inside this "panini" was bland chicken, tomato, lettuce and cheese... no sauce, no chips, no nothing.  I ended up throwing it out.  Waste of money.Amazing salads and a really good portobello mushroom panini as well.TL;DR - Incredibly delicious food. Cheap prices. Great staff.
Center city needs more places like this!
Although modest in size, Tuscany Cafe is big on flavor and value. All the food tastes homemade; like it was prepared with love by someone who genuinely cares about the quality of their product. Everyone raves about the chicken salad--and don't get me wrong, it's great--but my favorite is the PROSCIUTTO, EGG & CHEESE BREAKFAST SANDWICH (get it on one of the most massive croissants you've ever laid eyes upon). I don't know where they're getting their prosciutto, but it just tastes better than most places. It should also be noted that their lunch panini are large enough for two meals; I regularly save the second half for the next day (and no one would accuse me of being a scrawny guy).
Tony and staff are warm, welcoming, and kind people. There's often classic rock, oldies, or classical music playing when I visit. A welcomed respite from the hustle and bustle of city life.
As an added bonus, I once went there late in the day (3:30ish?) and was given a free muffin in addition to my order.
Just. Good. People.
TL;DR - Incredibly delicious food. Cheap prices. Great staff.New ownership has been amazing. Everything is fresh and made right in front of you. It may take a few minutes, but if you walk around the block your food will be ready by the time you return. 
With personal and friendly service, fresh handcrafted food and prices that rival most food trucks, the Tuscany Cafe is simply fantastic!Tuscany cafe is perfect for a quick meal to go. DELICIOUS salads and paninis!
So glad I discovered this place, will be coming back for moreGreat service. The most deliciously fresh, crisp, and flavorful salads for a great price and made with care and love. And their large. Place has coffees, teas, sandwiches, and pastries.I've never seen paninis as obscenely massive as the ones at Tuscany Cafe. The bread used is less like it should be, and more like Texas toast, thus creating a panini roughly the size and thickness of a cinderblock.
And of course, therefore, it's physically difficult to grill a sandwich of that size, so the bread is very lightly toasted and remains extremely thick. The good stuff inside the panini is tasty, but completely overshadowed by the massive bread.
So what, you say? If it's tasty and big, then it's a good value for money, right? Who cares if it doesn't match up to a traditional panini?
Well I may have agreed. But after finding a hunk of plastic and a hair inside the panini, it's tough to write anything sincerely positive about this place.Very intimate and European coffee bar. Snacks, sandwiches, salads also...all freshly made. Fantastic espresso!Sometimes you go to a cafe to grab a quick bite or drink. Other times, you go for an experience. Going to this quaint little cafe is all about the people working there. Tony is one of the nicest guys ever. You are welcomed into the store with a smile. The coffee is great, they will make it basically any way you want. There is a large assortment of snacks and any time i want a sandwich he will make it the exact way i want it.
I'm a vegetarian so i've asked him to make me a "veggie" sandwich and he will suggest the things to put into it. I honestly love supporting this little store whenever I can because the people are truly nice and I love dropping in to get a snack.
Con: theres not a lot of room so it gets crowded during the lunchtimes especially so its not really a place to sit down and eat, more to grab and go.You don't see an owner of a restaurant care about his customers like Tony cares about each individual who walks through his doors.So this little gem is right around the corner from my apartment. Perfect spot for a quick tasty breakfast sammy or a lunchtime sammy or soup. While I can't speak to the soups, if the tastiness and freshness of the sandwiches are any indication, I'm sure they're delicious too. Most specifically I've had a bacon egg and cheese sandwich, a pesto panini and today I had the prosciutto hoagie, all bomb. Oh I've had the coffee too, very good. And yeah yeah, it's a more expensive than wawa, but the quality of the food and the friendly fast service is worth it.This place is adorable! You might miss it if you weren't looking for it but trust me it's worth it! I've had the turkey panini and the chicken and both are awesome, and have fresh and high quality ingredients. The best part about this place is definitely the service! The owner is so friendly and so is the counter girl. They really make sure that you are greeted and acknowledged as soon as you walk in, even if they're in the middle of doing something. The only down side to this place is that there isn't much seating because it's so small, but it's a great option for coffee or lunch to go!Such a beautiful cozy place. I'm in love with my coffee, the music... the panini that I ordered was delicious. It had prosciutti, mozzarella,  tomato, pesto...if you are around, stop by. The coffee is great. Beautiful place.Great little spot! From the food to the coffee and most important the service. Tony is great!Super cute and cozy! Iced coffee was delicious and the banana bread was perfect. Not a lot of seating and it can get kind of cramped but otherwise, a delicious grab and go spot!One man shop for coffee and quick breakfast items. I mean literally, I saw only one man working! It was a tiny shop, barely could fit 2 people inside. I was hoping my latte would be tasty because I didn't want to leave a poor review but my latte tasted stale. I hope they can improve their quality.Wow, just wandering around looking for a quick sandwich and found this gem. Staff are super friendly and accommodating. Grilled chicken panini and coffee both great. Super moist and tasty. If I worked in the neighborhood, this would definitely be my go-to...:)I've been eating a tuscany for about over a year now and their quality of food never changes. It's authentic as a coffee and sandwich cafe can get for center city: It's small, everyone knows the workers/ owners, and the music is Mello. Sure there isn't much seating but most ppl who eat here seem to be in passing between work or on break from work. 
I literally get the same thing every time which is a chicken panini. I love it. And sure some will say "well it's just a panini....how different can it be?
Well all paninis aren't created equal I can tell ya that. 
There's something about the flavor of the pesto I can't describe. You can tell it's homemade and the bread is wonderful. There's just the right amount of chicken and the sandwich is huge compared to the price ($8.00) 
I recommend trying it at least once to get a break from the typical trendy center city food.
Tip: Call your order in. It can take a while!I walked past here a few weeks ago and was shocked I didn't recognize it. I quickly scoured Yelp thinking that it must be new, or suck, because...as an Elite ya know..how could I not know this place! Well, my fault. It isn't new, and def doesn't suck. 
I got the greek salad (lettuce, tomato, kalmata olives, feta cheese, egg, peppers) for $6.50. It was huge and even came with two dolmas! The balsamic dressing on the side was nothing cray, but just a little was enough because the fresh veggies were delish. I feel like center city lovesss charging a minimum of like $12 for anything healthy, so this was a delight. 
The peeps behind the counter were cheerful and worked quickly. Seems like there were some regulars here, always a good sign!Was in Philly for work and came here most mornings.  Everything was delicious and the owner is so friendly and welcoming!  It was the best part of my trip!A Philly breakfast-lunch-coffee gem! Small pretty place with seating indoors and a table outdoors. Great location , right across the historic Academy of Music . Food & coffee are fresh & some homemade. Service is outstanding! Prices are very reasonable.We were here the other at on our way to the Symphony. We had Italian soup and  Mediterranean salad.  
We aren't even hungry this tie but had to stop in before we left town.   
Delish!   And the chef (Tony?) is super nice.Stopped by Tuscany Cafe and had to come back a couple days later because their paninis are just THAT GOOD. Service is so nice, can't wait to keep returning! My new favorite spot for a quick bite.I come here for a snack or beverage when I have an appointment at the office building where this cute cafe is located.  Very friendly, helpful staff and great selection of cold and hot beverages, nice assortment of snacks, pastries, etc.  I've read here on Yelp that the sandwiches/paninis are good so I'd like to try one sometime.  Everything here looks homemade, is reasonably priced, fresh and looks delicious.  They accept credit/debit too if you don't have cash handy.  I'm always looking for good cafe spots for lunch or a quick bite.  I live in the area so I plan to stop by again, has a very welcoming, homey feel.Walking by this place around lunchtime recently, I decided to stop in and get a sandwich.  The shop is tiny and filled with the pleasant aromas of freshly cooked foods.  They have a menu of sandwiches, salads, and other dishes they can prepare to order and also a selection of already-made items from that menu (as well as desserts and coffees).  I grabbed the turkey sandwich to go.  It was yummy, on good bread, balanced with a variety of veggies dressed in a surprisingly tasty dressing.  It was basically like a sandwich I'd make myself at home, if I had all the ingredients fresh and ready.  The sandwich also came with a small side of beans and veggies salad, which was nice.
Staff is friendly and efficient.  Prices relatively inexpensive -- especially considering what you get.  Look forward to returning and trying out more of their menu items.Neat little place. Stopped in mid afternoon to grab a sandwich and coffee. Was quick and helpful by recommending the chicken on a hoagie style bunch. It had spinach and TONS of chicken with a creamy white sauce. The old Italian guy working warmed it up, toasted it, and  wrapped well so all the insides didn't slide out. My coffee was huge and good. Coffee and sandwich was about 10 bucks.