LOVE this place! fabulous service, delicious food, and sinful dessert choices. Perfect for any occasion.This is a neighborhood go-to for drinks! The atmosphere is lively and polished. The staff, special shout out to Joe, are very friendly and attentive. And when the weather is nice and tables line the exterior, it is the perfect spot to have a late afternoon glass of wine with friends!This review is based off of my last visit which occurred during restaurant week. The service was good but the food itself was just, meh. I started with the calamari salad which was over fried and not that tasty. For my main course I got the butternut squash raviolis which were just three large raviolis on a plate, nothing else (sans sauce). They were plain and really lacking taste and flavor. My fiancee got the fish tacos which he enjoyed but was not blown away.I live around the corner from this place and have stopped in for food in the past -- at times, I have thought that their food was a "bit" overpriced, but today really took the cake...
After a long day of meetings and classes, I was starving and ordered a Turkey Burger (from the "Daily Show" portion of the menu). Originally $15, but I asked to substitute the fries for brussels sprouts (more on this later). 
Since I live nearby, was starving, and had a bunch of finals to study for, I was thrilled that my order was ready in 20 minutes. I picked up my food and walked home, excited for a healthy(ish) burger with all the toppings, and instead...I got a turkey patty + cheese on a bun. Where was the lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle? All of the other burgers on the menu came with these items (even the Veggied Burger, which only costs $11)! Ok, maybe it was in the other box...nope, just the brussels sprouts. Imagine my complete and utter disappointment when I bit into the burger and it was also DRY.
When I called back to ask about it, the guy said that he had mistakenly told me that it came with the toppings, even though it shouldn't have. He offered to fix it, but at that point, with a final project and half a dozen papers looming over my head, did I really have the time to make *yet another* round-trip to the restaurant?
Oh, and to add insult to injury? I got charged $2 for replacing the fries with brussels sprouts...can someone tell me how this makes any sense at all, when the two items differ by only $1 on the menu when ordered as sides?
I normally give restaurants the benefit of the doubt, but I feel like it's a complete ripoff to charge someone $17 for essentially a turkey patty on bread.
This was, sadly, one of the most disappointing dining experience I've had anywhere :(Had the mussels here and they were a little lack luster.  The flavors were all watered down in the broth and the top mussels in the pot had no flavor at all.  I also ate the chopped chopped salad which was missing the apples that were stated as an ingredient on the menu.Service was really slow, it was on a Tuesday night! Food was cold and didn't have much flavor. The tables that came after my party were served before us. Felt very neglected and ignored by our waiter. Will not be returning or recommending this restaurant to anyone. The only reason why I didn't give a one star was because the wines and cocktails were good.I returned to Twenty Manning for the second time with high hopes. We scored a last minute reservation for 5 at 7:30 on a Saturday. When we entered the place was PACKED! The bar area full of twenty-somethings and most of the tables occupied. We were seated upon our arrival and we started off with two apps: the charcuterie board and oysters on the half shell. Both were really good. I opted for the chop chop salad and crispy phylo shrimp as my entree. I thoroughly enjoyed the phylo shrimp. The chop chop salad was fine, but was overshadowed by the shrimp. Two of my dining companions had the charbroiled beef sirloin noodle bowl and another had the tuna burger. Three of us enjoyed the half baked Tollhouse cookie with ice cream for dessert. I had lusted after this dessert after seeing it online. It was good, but more mine was more cake-y than cookie. Service was attentive and the ambiance was dark and romantic. In my opinion Twenty Manning is much better than it's sister restaurant, Audrey Claire, across the street in both menu and ambiance.
An aside: My first visit to Twenty Manning was for Restaurant Week Jan 2014. I was satisfied with my Bison Burger and huge pile of shoestring fires. Later when I did the math and figured out the three course meal I had would have been less than the $35 Restaurant Week price. That revelation made me suffer from meal-regret. Stay away from Twenty Manning during restaurant week.Why are you eating here.
Seriously, why.  Did "friends" invite you out?  Then you need better friends.  Were you threatened by the previous Asian-influenced menu and decided to overcompensate by loving Food For White People?  Is the decor of Pub and Kitchen perhaps too much to take and you needed a place that is the interior decorating version of a warm bath?  In short: do you love the Barefoot Contessa?
Look, people: the burger was decidedly mediocre, the beer selection kind of appalling especially with Food and Friends right next door, and our friends got frozen vegetables.  That's not great dining, especially when there are so many options present nearby.  You can do better, Philadelphia.  I have faith in you.Perhaps it's because we felt a bit like those Emma Lazarus describes in her famous sonnet, but this place was an oasis from the cold and a welcome find. The chef and management clearly pay attention since there was a broad assortment of hot drinks and soup available on a sub-freezing night. Service was prompt and attentive, the hot drinks were served quickly and the rest of the meal was tasty. I opted for the smoked, double cut pork chop and ranks in the top 3 I've ever had. Southerners take note, these Yankees know how to cook a chop properly. :)
Once again, trust your fellow Yelpers, this place worked hard to earn my money.Very fun place, great drinks - dinner menu was a little "earthy" for my liking but the appetizers were out of this world.  The atmosphere was fantastic, would definitely have a drink at the bar and maybe a snack then go out for the night somewhere else, loved the decor.Was visiting Philly last weekend and after dining with friends all weekend, I came here to have a nice dinner with my gf sunday night.  The atmosphere was perfect, great food and nice beer choices as well.  Not an overkill variety of microbrews to distract me from the food and overall experience (I enjoy trying different craft brews, sometimes too much) - That night I got to check a local Saison off my list!
Our server was just right.  Very attentive with refilling our water too, we were so thirsty after our earlier flywheel class.  
For apps we shared the chop chop salad and calamari, both were delicious.  Beef noodles and salmon for our entrees... So Good!  I don't know what it is about brussels sprouts, I used to hate them as a kid, but if I see it on the menu now its game over.  They paired nicely with the parsnip puree on the salmon dish.  I would've like my salmon cooked a little less well, but I'll make a note for the next time I visit since I'll definitely be back!This is me an my boyfriends favorite spot. The atmosphere is great, especially for a date night. So far we have tried the TMG burger (my boyfriend almost broke up with me for the burger because it was so good), the pork chop, the short ribs, and the butternut squash ravioli. We have tried the Asian pot Stickers, crab cake, shrimp taco and calamari for appetizers. Everything was absolutely amazing both times we've been here. The calamari is great, but if you have a sensitive mouth like me it's a tad bit too spicy. The portions are a great size and the service is wonderful. When we went for restaurant week a few months ago, there was a carrot cake in the dessert platter. When we went last night I had asked for that but it was not on the menu anymore. I guess the chef had a big party the night before and the waiter was able to actually get me some that was left over, he was so nice. Would definitely recommend this restaurant, I have nothing bad to say about it, it's definitely my favorite in the city!We wanted to love this place. We really did. We have walked by a hundred times watching the patrons and admiring their meals. 
When we finally had the chance to dine here the food was beyond uninspired. The best part of the meal was the beer that I ordered after my horrendous cocktail. 
Save your money and eat elsewhere.EH.  If you've eaten at enough good restaurants in major cities, this place in comparison is quite forgettable and seriously lacks WOW factor.  The tuna was cooked decently and the portion size was humongous (I mean mercury-poisoning humongous), and who wants a huge plate of mediocrity for twenty-something dollars? That's right - no one does.  Also, as quite a few people have already mentioned, the layout of seats are terrible, it's disturbingly loud and the waiters rush the crap out of you.  I'd much rather eat at the Chinese take-out place across the street.I'm between 4 and 5 stars and while I do truly enjoy this place I'm going to have to go with a conservative 4. Had the short ribs on my last visit and obsessed about the meal for days after (which were on the menu for Sat nights only).  I've also had the ravioli (which vary depending on the season) and they were nothing to rave about. I love trying new restaurants and don't like to go back to the same places repeatedly. Twenty Manning would be an exception. Great atmosphere - could be on the noisy side depending on when you visit but in a good way. I recommend making reservations on the weekends, always busy. For some reason I thought the place was farm to table, but I do not believe this is accurate (regardless food has yet to disappoint). Can't wait to come back!Stopped here for a drink before headed to their sister restaurant which we had reservations at. 
A truly homey, friendly, robust atmosphere. The restaurant is not huge and the bar area rather small but it really adds to the charm of the experience. Staff is very attentive and almost felt like we were in their home for a dinner party. 
We did not eat here but all the dishes coming out looked delicious.Food was OK- Great service though.
Wouldn't go back for the price. Wedge salad was average, the pumpkin ravioli (you only got 3) were more like perogies. The shrimp tacos were on corn tortillas, i would prefer flour, but hey I ate them.Delicious food, good service experience.  We had a great time in Philly for Christmas and we were impressed at all the vegan options in the city.  Two of my party were meat eaters and I am vegan, so to find a place that is willing to put together a meal (other than a salad!) just for my eating lifestyle was so impressive.  We loved Philly and the wonderful food.  Twenty Manning Grill was part of the "over the top" Christmas experience we had for the few days we were there.  It added to our enrichment and nourished us for the wonderful memories we had while in Philadelphia.  We hope it will be sooner than later that we get to come back to visit the city and Twenty Manning Grill.I went with a friend during restaurant week, and unfortunately we had to go in super early- 5:45pm for dinner. I've been curious for a while, since I live down the street. The staff was friendly, very attentive, and the beer was good. I had a Dock Street ale. The bread was delicious, along with the butter and salt- off to a great start!  I had the calamari salad first, and it was your very standard fried calamari salad. Kinda boring, but safe, I would say. The next course was the bison burger, served on a chopping block with, to repeat what another review said, McDonalds-style french fries. The massive burger came with a whole pickle, which was a nice treat, but a little awkward for me. The dessert was the highlight- for sure, all of it. I think it might be better if we showed up a little bit later when the place was relaxing into the night. 
Overall, it was fine, my curiosity is satisfied and I most likely won't return.This place is now my new favorite spot in Ritten House Square. The food was absolutely amazing we had heard a lot about it but wanted to try for ourselves. For once I'm actually happy I had listen to my friends. It is  definitely a must try if you are in the area.I came here for my birthday tonight & everything about this place was amazing.. The food , the drinks , the service! AMAZINGGGG !We had a great visit here last night- sat outside under the heat lamps for dinner and drinks. My husband had the bourbon signature cocktail, and I had the cabernet. Both great. The food would have been 3.5 stars, but the service was so excellent and speedy I'd give it four. That put it over the edge as a great experience. We shared the pork pot stickers and deviled eggs. The pot stickers were awesome, and the eggs so-so. Not a ton of flavor and had been in the fridge for a while. For mains, I had the calamari salad and my husband had the beef sirloin noodles. The calamari was good (the salad part just ok) and the beer sirloin was also alright. They brought dipping sauces complimentary which were great. We shared the half baked cookie for dessert which was AMAZING. I think we'll order differently next time and it could be 5 starts - overall was a great visit.Tried Twenty Manning Grill for the first time last night. I had been wanting to dine here for quite some time and was very excited. The interior was so cozy and welcoming, and the food was delicious. 
However, I ordered the pan seared ravioli off of the entree portion of the menu. When the ravioli came out there were three ravioli on a plate. No sides, no sauce, nothing. For the price of the entree, you'd think they would provide more food. My friend ordered the chicken entree and her meal came with two sides and was only two dollars more. Overall, the ravioli was delicious, which was the only saving grace.
Unfortunately, I left hungry and a bit unsatisfied.I love this place :) I've been on several occasions and every time I've left happy about the food, drink, and service. I live pretty close so it's convenient and I think the price is  reasonable for the quality of food...especially considering some of the other restaurants in the vicinity.  (I have only been to Audrey Claire once and I didn't think the food was that much better than Twenty Manning...but that could only be because I went once!--since they are sister restaurants I figure I can get similar food at a more affordable price at Twenty Manning) 
I'm always recommending this place to friends if they want somewhere to go with good food and a great atmosphere. I have been here both on weekdays and the weekends and I agree that it can get a little loud on the weekends...but the cocktails are creative and delicious as well as the food, which is always so yummy, not overly presented or prepared...it's just perfect! ...(although I recently ordered the escargot and I didn't love it--I guess I was hoping for a traditional French prep).
I love the atmosphere as well---it's open, clean, simple, and inviting. If there is one thing that I could criticize the restaurant on is one particular waitress I've had several times...she isn't the happiest/most put together waitress out there...but I still love the restaurant and the other staff :) --I had a delicious cocktail at my first visit to the restaurant...when I visited several months later I couldn't remember the name of it and I asked the waiter if he could help me figure out what it was...he was extremely willing to find out even though the restaurant was packed and busy...the bartender has been there since the opening and she knew exactly what I was describing and the manager even came over and told me she was so happy that I brought it up because that was one of her favorite cocktails! (It's the Blush and Rouge if you'd like to try it yourself :) merlot, gin, honey, and sage -so good!)
All in all this place is a must try, whether for drinks or snacks or for dinner + dessert!Have only ordered off the snack menu here but it's always does the job and gets your tastebuds happy and belly full. The cheeseboard is an awesome value, $14 gets you three cheeses and an accompaniment of fresh fruits, compotes and crostini. Fish tacos and scallop ceviche are also excellent. Can't wait to come back and try more.To put it simply, Twenty Manning Grill could have been better when it came to certain things. The atmosphere inside is great, but it is a little overpriced for the portion sizes. I was about to order the Mushroom Ravioli, but I was warned that it was a little on the lighter side. By "lighter" side they meant 3 ravioli's, that's it. That didn't seem worth $17, so I did not get it. Instead my boyfriend and I split the Steak Frites and the Lobster Roll. The Steak and Frites had a nice taste and it was a good portion size, as it should have been for the price. The Lobster Roll, to me, was not worth it. Don't get me wrong it wasn't BAD, but there was nothing special about it either. I could go to Luke's Lobster and enjoy that more.
Besides the pricing of the food, our waiter was terrible. He was extremely slow. It took him forever to come over to us and to come back to check on us. I saw other waitresses/waiters walk by our table 10 times and did not see our waiter once in-between those 10 times. Also, he completely forget to give us our appetizer. The service is kind of what made the experience less enjoyable.I took my parents, who were visiting from North Carolina, here one night because it looked like a very nice place for some satisfying a delicious food.  We were seated and were the only people there (early dinner).  First surprise: the staff dress code.  Yea, it's hot in the summer, but for a place with a menu in the $20-$30/plate range, I expect better than ripped jeans and Hanes' Comfy Fit tees...at least match the elegance of the decor.
Our waiter came by a couple of times and razzed my Dad about a drink order, don't remember what exactly.  I was not amused.  The chef came by... nothing better to do since we were the only people there - wearing a dirty undershirt - with the waiter when we were ready to put in our food order.  My Mother was a little indecisive and the waiter was extremely pushy.  I understand that this is the north and people are jerks in general, and it's thought of as playful and fun, and apparently appropriate at fine-dining establishments.  However, my parents were visiting and the service here was pushing me to walk, much less leave any tip.  The food was decent, nothing good enough to bring me back.
Seriously disappointed.I choose to leave reviews with the least amount of bias. If I ZERO stars were available I would have given it to this sad excuse of an establishment. 
I would not recommend coming here, unless you would like you evening and mood to be ruined. We waited for over an hour before being served our main courses. Parties who came after us were served and left before our food came out. We arrived at 6:30 PM and it is now 8:00 PM. Once we finally received our food, we were extremely disappointed by its quality aside from the long wait. It definitely wasn't worth waiting for over an hour, and I would have left had I not been there as a guest for a birthday dinner. I could have made the "Tuna burger" that I ordered in my own home in 10 minutes as it was just a sad excuse for seared sashimi with a bun. The fries came out cold....indicating that the server did not bring our plates out immediately after the chef prepared our meals. The waiters were also haughty and inattentive. I would have complained but there was no one to complain to either since the waiters would disappear.Everything about this place is yummy, from the service to the dishes. My friend lives in an apt directly upstairs and had rightfully raved about this spot. The staff are really interested in making sure that you are comfortable and feel "at home." Plus there are pictures of pooches all over the place, which kept me pointing and saying "Ahhhhhhhh" all night long.
I got the chicken with mashed potatoes and peas and shared a cheese plate to start. Everything tasted fresh and was deliciously seasoned. I wouldn't miss a visit to TMG.I went Saturday night and the food was fantastic. Sevice was good. The place was definitely loud but the food was so good that you didn't even mind. Great salad. Great fish.We decided to try something new for Restaurant Week and we made a great choice with Twenty Manning!
I was a little turned off when we arrived because the entire sidewalk in front of the restaurant was being torn up. Luckily, it was not too loud and did not disrupt our dinner at all. We were seated right away by a very nice hostess.
We were seated in the back corner of the restaurant which had a very comfy white couch that was perfect for us to have a cuddly couple date. Our waiter was GREAT! I think his name was John, but I can't remember. I thought it was weird that the waitstaff were all wearing jeans and white t-shirts under their black aprons, but our waiter's personality outshined any of the original judgements I had made. The place was a little loud, but we are quite used to dealing with that in restaurants around the city. 
We ordered the Tomato Bisque and Crabcakes as appetizers. The Bisque was good, I enjoyed it but was not blown away. The "Crabcakes" was really one crabcake, which was absolutely delicious and kept me wishing for the plural like we thought! I really enjoyed the apple slaw that came with the crabcakes as well.
My boyfriend ordered the Wild Berkshire Pork Chop, which was served with figs, melted Gorgonzola, and Brussels sprouts. He said it was one of the best pork chops he has ever had and just about licked his plate clean. I was continuously stealing the brussel sprouts which were a little blackened, but delicious. I could not get enough of the melted Gorgonzola sauce. I kept stealing dips of it for my bread.
I absolutely LOVED my entree. I had the Charbroiled Beef Sirloin Noodles. The beef was tender and very flavorful and a great combo with the rice noodles. This was served over a bed of shredded lettuce, pickled cucumber, fresh basil, fresh mint and a garlic vinaigrette. I thought the combination was quite strange when I first had a look at it, but it was absolutely delicious. The lettuce added a nice crunch to it and the sauce was amazing. The mint and basil was a bit strong, I ended up picking some out after getting a mouthful. I asked the waiter about the sauce and he told me that it was actually made with a fish sauce, which was very surprising to me. I was actually happy I had not asked about that before ordering, because I am not a huge fish fan. 
For dessert, we were served a sampler. A small piece of cheesecake, a small apple danish, a small piece of chocolate cake, served with strawberries and blackberries. The dessert was a perfect end to the meal. I loved having just a bite of a few different varieties, although a pickier eater may not have been quite as satisfied.
The only negative I have is that I thought the drinks were extremely expensive. It is located near Rittenhouse Square, so I guess I should have expected it, but when I order a $9 margarita, I expect a little bit more bang for my buck. The bar area was very nice and they did have a good selection of draft beer, but I probably would not go to this place if I were just going out for a few drinks.
Overall, I was extremely impressed with everything about our experience and would definitely recommend this place! I was impressed with the speed and service, considering how crowded they were for Restaurant Week.The interior of this place is really cute and definitely fits in Rittenhouse. Went at 7 pm on a Tuesday and it was packed with business and happy hour crowds. The waitresses kept refreshing our waters without being invasive, which was nice!
I am a vegetarian and wanted to try their mushroom burger. The flavors were good, but I thought they focused too much on presentation--it has several clunky layers of 2 mushroom caps, 2 layers of grilled onions, lettuce, mozzarella, and large zucchini. I took out some onions and mushrooms and could actually take a bite, but the bun also fell apart as I ate it :/ would be willing to come back and try the vegetable stir fry though!I'm a fan of Twenty Manning for 2 main reasons: I had a cheeseburger and fries that were absolutely delicioso, and I like the outdoor seating and atmosphere.
My girlfriend and I went on a night when it was about 60 degrees outside. We didn't have a reservation, showed up around 9:30pm, and they were able to seat us outside within minutes (to sit inside, there would have been a 30-minute wait). I was hesitant since it was somewhat cold for an outdoor seat, but they informed us of the heaters, which did a good job of keeping us comfortable.
The outdoor scene was nice - we were seated on the Manning-Street side of the restaurant, which looks out onto 20th street and provided a pleasant ambiance with decent people-watching. For a minute the scene reminded me of the movie Midnight in Paris. 
Then the food came - both Rachel and I ordered the TMG burger, medium-well, with cheddar cheese. Simply magnifique! Cooked perfectly with great flavor, it was impossible to not finish it. 
And the fries were amazing. Surprisingly, they were probably some of the best I have ever had. Not too crunchy or too soggy and with great flavor, they too, were difficult to lay off of, although the serving size was quite large. I will definitely be coming back!The food and service are always outstanding here. Definitely try the salmon!The pork chop at Twenty Manning is their iconic dish - and it is what they are KNOWN for. It was my favorite meal ever, literally. Maple glaze, Brussels sprouts, figs & Gorgonzola - I travel & eat quite a lot, never had a better dish. Imagine my surprise this week when I go in for a birthday dinner and they have changed it off the menu - such, such a mistake. The replacements were underwhelming and this place is changing, not for the better, after new ownership. :/Food here is fantastic!!!!!!
Duck confit (order this with plain white rice), their appetizers and their special whiskey drink. This place is a MUST go!Just last weekend, I went there for my birthday. From the poor service to the extremely RUDE waiter, I'm not sure where to begin. In fact, I won't waste your time with details. Just know in the end, after a LONG talk with the manager our bill had to be adjusted, including "mandatory" gratuity, cake plating fees, and more. This was in addition to being offered a round of shots as if that liquor makes up for comments laced with racism and prejudice. A waiter or waitress who cannot apologize when no one was rude to them in the first place, ought to be fired.The Greek specials last night:  hummus with pita was great. Lamb was RAW, stringy and inedible.   Wine was good. I'll try it again for their Wednesday specials but I was unimpressed! Loud, loud, loud!Had the steak and tuna burger - food was really good. However, in general, the food was a little on the salty side, especially the fries. I would come back again next time.5 stars for the bar ambiance, cocktails and bar service.  4 stars for the food, but the food service has always been more like 3 stars here, and I've been here more than 10 times.  Most recently, I sat outside on a nice day and we waited a really long time for our server to wait on us, both to take our initial order and to check on us when we needed something (I.e. Utensils).  Please don't ignore your outdoor tables, we need love too!I have walked by the "new" Twenty Manning several times and have been wanting to check it out, to see what the makeover was all about.  
It had a much more casual atmosphere, almost Bistro-like, and was bustling enough on a Saturday night, but not so crowded as it easy to get a table at 8:30pm without reservations.  They also had cool outdoor lounge seating, in addition to the standard al fresco dining.  
The menu was familiar with some of the same Asian fusion options from before, but had a comfort-food twist.  Additionally, I appreciated the Jewish shout-out with Zaida's (yiddish for grandfather) Brisket Sandwich served on Sunday nights.  
Through the grapevine, I heard the goal of the re-do was to make it more of an affordable, everyday place to go, and I think they accomplished just that.Hovering between a 3 and 4 - I'll give this one the benefit of the doubt as I've only been once and for a NYE tasting.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
One of the best foodie experiences in Philly is COOK - a state-of-the-art sixteen-seat classroom where guests enjoy tastings and demonstrations from the city's premier chefs. Want a sneak peak of Chef George Sabatino's Aldine? Want a Chopped-style battle between two of Kevin Sbraga's chefs at his eponymous Sbraga or Fat Ham? COOK has you covered, though at a price. 
However, if you're looking for a more traditional, yet relaxed experience showcasing seasonal cooking in Rittenhouse? Check out the sister restaurants - Audrey Claire or Twenty Manning Grill. This past New Year's Eve, the GF and I had a tasting of sorts at the latter.
Bread Service
Dinner started with our server dropping off a bakery bag filled with fresh mini-baguettes, served with a couple of pats of room temp butter. A nice touch.
Formula 46 [$12]
Maker's Mark 46 Bourbon, Carpano Antica sweet vermouth, rhubarb bitters, brandied cherries
I started off the night's drinking with a bourbon-based tipple, which offered clean flavors. The rhubarb bitters added an herbal grapefruit essence, but the real star? The rich bandied cherries, which were a great intermezzo in between sips. 
TMG Bellini [$9]
Lunetta prosecco, white peach puree 
The GF went with the bellini, prototypically offering light peach flavors amidst the prosecco's dry effervesence. 
NYE Prix Fixe [$50 pp]
Amuse Bouche
Herb mascarpone stuffed cremini mushroom
The amuse from the kitchen provided an earthy bite, heightened by the cheese and herbs. The balsamic glaze underneath helped to provide some acidity. 
Pan Fried Haloumi Salad
Micro greens, kalamata olives, blood orange, lemon vinaigrette
For the GF's first course proper, she went with the haloumi salad. Admittedly, Zahav's haloumi is better. TMG's iteration seemed a bit disjointed - the microgreens were few and the pan-fried haloumi was a bit greasy. In fact, the cheese lacked seasoning, though the mix of kalamata olives and blood orange offered some much needed salt and acid for each bite. 
Butter Roasted Skate Wing 
Truffle mashed potatoes, lemon-caper mineure 
In contrast, my first course was definitely a hit. Skate is one of my favorite fish to eat and this was well-prepared. Not overdone, it was completely meaty, yet tender and flaky. The fried leeks offered some textural contrast and the lemon-caper butter sauce offered countervailing acidity to the heft of the truffle mashed potatoes. 
Pan Seared Butternut Squash Ravioli
Fresh ricotta, parmigiano-reggiano, caramelized onions, crispy sage brown butter, leek chips  
For her main, the GF went with the ravioli. Unfortunately, this was also a miss for her. The pan-searing rendered the ravioli dry and a bit too crisp. The innards fell flat as the caramelized onions and parmigiano-reggiano overpowered the butternut squash and ricotta. This ate more like fried perogis and seemed to be more of an accompaniment than an entree. 
Grilled Black Angus Filet Mignon
Rosemary golden Yukon potatoes, truffle cream sauce
Luckily, I went down the meat and potatoes route. Though the steak lacked any amount of char or grill marks on the outside, it was certainly tender and seasoned quite well. The truffle cream sauce lacked any truffle essence, but provided additional beefy heft to each bite. And to be frank, truffle may have adulterated the flavor of the beef. As an accompaniment, the potatoes were nicely tender, yet crisp on the outside.
Homemade Dessert Sampler
For dessert, the GF and I received our own plate of homemade dessert samplers. Fresh halved strawberries, an apple muffin, and a peach tart provided a decent end to the meal, in addition to a nicely tart cheesecake and decadent molten lava cake.
Champagne Toast
Always a nice touch for a NYE menu, TMG offered a complimentary champagne toast to send us on our way out into the night.
Though there were a few misses on our NYE tasting menu, Twenty Manning Grill offers decent flavors. The skate was on point and I'm definitely willing to give TMG another try the next time I'm in the South Rittenhouse area.This place reminds me of a quote out of Newsroom and about their Bison Burger: after dining on $135 of mac and cheese, "It's the same as Stouffer's mac and cheese with $135 of shaved truffles on top"....I got the scallops, they were subpar for the price. You only get 3. Could have cooked this at home. We also got the moules frites, which were, in fairness, delicious! The escargot was appropriately cooked, but smothered in an overpowering mushroom broth. Our waitress was great, very polite and welcoming!I have a little bit of time before work and naturally I'm going to spend this time writing a yelp review instead of working on a presentation I have next week.
I ventured over to this place last night. I actually accidentally walked into the restaurant to meet my friend and his friends completely missing them outside. fml. embarrassing.
The drink menu has many options for cocktails, draughts, bottles, and wines. The best part about the menu actually is the drink names. "Don't be all uncool" and "I tried to make it nice". If you know where this shit is from DOPE! I was too embarrassed to bring it up to these new people. If you don't know, idk..try googling it. I just fact checked googling it and it works.
I went with the pilsner and then after ordering I noticed Guinness on the bottled side. That paired with this romantic story about how one of my fellow patrons met this guy on a recent trip to Dublin sold me on that shit. I can use a little romance in my life...hint, hint....
Throughout the evening, the service was great. Our waiter and other servers habitually came over to check on us. I never felt that I had to hunt them down. Waters were refilled. Refills were promptly brought over.
Sitting outside on this street was lovely as well. The day heat had simmered down and a nice breeze came through every so often. Great opportunities for people watching. 
Eventually someone suggested ordering food. I thought they'd never ask. We got calamari (not for me, obv) brussels sprouts, and the cheese plate. 
The brussels sprouts were DELISH. Not ideal for sharing because they're in big chunks, but they were absolutely amazing. If you didn't like brussels you probably would after eating these.  They were sprinkled with parmesan along with this very tasty sauce. I could always go for anything sprinkled with parmesan. Don't get any ideas.
The cheese plate contained a diverse display of contents. Figs, apples, crostini, grapes, honey, some itty bitty cubes of something sweet and orange I couldn't identify. And of course, cheese. Brie definitely, allegedly goat cheese although I'm skeptical because it was more hard than soft, and something else that was smokey. Here's my problem with the cheese plate. It was three tiny little wedges of cheese. How on earth are people supposed to share that shit? There's WAY more crostini than cheese. Not that it was an issue because I took care of that problem but the amount of cheese was very disappointing. Otherwise the cheese was delicious but when is it not? Also extra bonus points for not wasting valuable cheese real-estate on BLEU. I loved that shit before I found out what the blue stuff was. Ain't nobody got time for hyphae. Dangers for learning too much biology
I can't speak to the calamari due to my vegetarianism but my companions were disappointed in its texture. Something about being breaded or not being breaded or some shit along those lines. I was intrigued about that orangey dipping sauce. I do love a good sauce. 
Alright I think that covers everything. Excuse me while I go to work to clean out the candy bowl before everyone else. Ta ta.I have only one word that I would use to describe Twenty Manning: uncomfortable. 
Two of us went for dinner at 7:15PM this past Saturday. It was about 90 degrees outside, so we asked to sit inside (thinking it'd be cooler, breezier, perhaps even air-conditioned). Wrong. It was stifling and swelteringly hot inside. There were only two windows open at the front of the restaurant and we were seated all the way in the back. There were only a few fans going so there was no air flow, the air was stagnant, and both of us were perspiring profusely. Further, we were seated in a corner booth with a table that was too small. There was a deep seam running down the middle of my seat (where our section of the couch met the next one), so I was extremely uncomfortable the whole time and had to keep shitfing to ease the resulting back pain. In addition to that, the water they served us (which took FOREVER to get) was room temperature, so that didn't do much to help us cool off. 
We couldn't tell the difference between waiters and bus boys and it took ridiculously long for us to be greeted in the first place. Our waiter was awkward and didn't seem to know what he was doing. I'm sure it didn't help that we were both feeling nauseous from the heat by the time we got it, but the food was terrible. I ordered the seared Ahi tuna and I couldn't finish it because #1, it wasn't seared, and #2 the flavors of the sides it was paired with were all over the place and did not mix together well at all (ahi tuna with pineapple risotto [terrible], cucumber salad and all covered with dill? eesh). My friend ordered a hamburger and I was surprised that he (an indiscriminate carnivore) didn't even finish his meal. We didn't bother sticking around for dessert because at that point we were both so dizzy we needed to get outside immediately. After all the great things I'd heard about Audrey Claire, I thought maybe we'd have luck at Twenty Manning, but I was wrong. Never again!Not awful by any means but could be a lot better. Veggie burger soaked (?) through the bottom bun and was nearly impossible to eat. Fries tastes like something from a frozen bag. I also ordered a Rye IPA and was brought a chocolate stout. I asked our server if she gave me a stout by mistake and she insisted it was an IPA. Needless to say, it wasn't. Not a huge problem (it was a good stout), but kind of annoying. The meat based meals seemed better, so maybe that's their strength. Upsides are a nice ambience. Food is just okay though.The first time I went here, I went for the burger that a friend talked up. It was pretty good, but I was slightly disappointed. They definitely cook it a little more than I would expect, so if you're a medium type of guy I'd consider medium rare. 
That said, I did notice that the menu looked great so I returned for dinner and had the short rib special, which was pretty much amazing. 
Basically, it's a great dinner spot, but they lose a star for overcooking my first burger and for also being slightly pricier than they probably should be.This was a great experience.  All the food was good, the service was exceptional, and we enjoyed the overall atmosphere.  This is a modern/ hip restaurant where the staff was moving briskly and had water, drinks, and the meal at our table all at the right time.  We did not feel rushed or that service took too long.  My wife and I had the Valentine's tasting menu and all courses were really good.  Definitely check this place out for a nice night out as well as a comfortable and attentive atmosphere.  Cocktails were very good.My husband and I had 2 ok starters and 2 awful dishes there last week.  It was our first visit even though we reside in Rittenhouse Square.  The restaurant looked lovely.  We ordered the pork chop and the duck confit.  The pork chop was so overcooked that it was shocking.  It was as if they precooked it and warmed it for service. Then it was ridiculously over drenched with some fig concoction.   The duck confit was tauted to be served on a bed of spinach. It came on raw, cold, dry spinach.  Nowhere on the menu did it say duck confit salad!  Just  awful.  Each dish was $20 because it was restaurant week. Shameful.
I also had a specialty cocktail that was poorly mixed.  It was supposed to be a combo of Hendricks gin, Cucumber vodka and Lillette.  It was a splash of both liquors with the rest Lillette.  Undrinkable!
 We had dinner at the bar and to the bartender's credit, we did not complain.  It had been a long day and we just did not feel like we should have to educate the kitchen.  When you write a menu, it is a promise of delights to come.  This experience was that of a broken promise.The food was not that good. At best, it was mediocre. It was trying to be really nice, but it failed to get there. This is based on trying the spicy calamari appetizer, the berkshire pork chop, the tuna, and the chocolate fondant. Atmosphere was great thought.When I'm looking to impress people from out of town, this is where I go.  You cannot go wrong!  I have to admit, I was hesitant on the change from Twenty Manning to Twenty Manning Grill (complete with meat choices on the "Beef, Duck, Pork, Fowl" banner outside), but I'm in love with the place all over again!  
The cocktails still make me feel like a classy lady and the menu options are delightful (butternut squash ravioli, scallops, crabcakes, half-baked Tollhouse cookie and ice cream) and the comfort food-esque daily specials make the choices expansive.  The only complaint: portion size is too small, but I guess that's what you get when you're trying to impress!It was my first time in Philly and I came here with a friend during my short stay. The happy hour $3 drink deal with oysters was perfect after my long day in a conference hall listening to who knows what. 
I ended up having the steak for dinner which was done well and huge. Definitely got more than what I paid for. Their beer selection is all decent.Great place to go for some fanci-fied American food. This is a perfect place for a date, work dinner or classy night out. Great atmosphere and service. The favorite dishes were the scallops with squash puree, as well as the deviled eggs. For dessert, definitely try the cheesecake. So light and fluffy, even for people who don't like cheesecake. There is a large menu that everyone can find something to enjoy! I was a bit disappointed they didn't have Moscato wine, but ah well, seems a lot of places don't!I enjoyed eating here but it is pretty noisy. It also gets very packed - definitely need a reservation. I had the yellow-fin tuna which was very tasty! My friend ordered the chicken and he said it was delicious. We shared the brussel sprouts - those are a must have! If you want to have dinner at a place with high energy this would be an ideal spot.I've been a few times and have always had good food and drinks. The fare can be a bit heavy (to be expected for a grill), but hasn't lacked in taste. The interior has a polished feel and would be a great place to take family or friends who are visiting.20 Manning has been a firm favourite of mine since I moved to the Rittenhouse area 3 years ago; so you can imagine my dismay when I saw the windows papered up, and jumped to the conclusion that 20 Manning had gone the way of so many restaurants before it in that location, and shut down. I'm delighted to say that was not the case - Audrey Claire was merely doing a refurb...and what a marvellous refurb it is. I always liked the old 20 Manning, but I have to say I LOVE the new 20 Manning! The dark leather seating has been replaced with fresh, breezy and wonderfully comfortable buttercup-yellow banquettes, and the white walls have definitely breathed new life into the place. I was happy to see some old favourites still on the menu, alongside some equally delicious new ones. If you go, be sure to try the burger, served on a wooden board with possibly the tastiest fries in the city...or just try an order of the fries alone. As a British ex-pat, I'm extremely fussy about my fries (or "chips" as we call them back home). These were chunky, cooked to perfection, and served (as they should be) with salt AND vinegar. Of course, being one of Audrey Claire's restaurants, there was a little twist - powdered, not liquid, vinegar, which rather cleverly give flavour without making the fries soggy...genius! Great job, Audrey Claire!Wasn't sure what to expect after reading some mixed reviews. Well, I had dinner here last week and loved it! 
- Crab & Avocado - I've had this at Audrey Claire before and knew it was worth getting it again. It was a nice, light way to kick off the meal.
-  Charcuterie - I love charcuterie plates and this one did not disappoint. The fig jam paired well with the meats and bread. 
- Salmon - I really enjoyed this dish. I've cooked salmon before, but can never get mine to come out this good. I didn't want a heavy entree so this was perfect.
- Pork Chop - I tried some of my bf's pork chop and it was absolutely delicious. It is definitely a rich dish thanks to the maple brine, fig and gorgonzola. I was told it was one of the best meals he's had. 
- Half Baked Cookie - As soon as we saw this on the menu, we were sold. It's topped with vanilla ice cream and just as good as you'd imagine a warm chocolate chip cookie to be!  
They also have a nice selection of cocktails. My drink of choice was the Audrey.Normally I have an excellent experience here, but last night was a doozie for me and my two friends.  I ordered the Scottish salmon, which was downgraded to a wafer thin piece of overdone fish.  To boot, the stingy portion of fish was paired with a plate long spread of green paste and a teensy bit of Parmesan sprinkled on cauliflower.  None of it tasted any good.   And for $24?  Hell no.  Add to that, the staff all look like art school rejects - the female staff in particular look like extras from Orange Is The New Black.  The hostess looked a hot mess with her hair up in an elastic in the middle of the top of her head, shaved sides and a matching semi-orange jumper that legitimately looked like prison clothes.  I can appreciate the hipsters look and all, but why hire a bunch of people who clearly don't give a rat's ass what they look like?  The staff look filthy!  I am not coming back any time soon and hope management considers how their staff present themselves next time I find myself in there.  Effing NASTY!I want to eat here like everyday! The atmosphere is wonderful! I love the vibrant yellow and white decor with the incredible black and white pet photos. Really good ice cold Stella, unusual mix drinks. The fries are some of the best in town! I have tried so many dishes there but my favorite is the vegetable curry. I also really like the staff. A great place during the warm months to relax outside with your favorite fluffy friend! It's got such an awesome mix of everything.I went here for Resturant week. The menu was large, and the food was very good. The drinks were a little pricey, but not outrageous.To start, the mussels were yummy but we got it with asparagus instead of fries. Our waiter informed us that the chicken was the most popular item but it was too dry for me. Very flavorful but it was so dry that my friend sent hers back in exchange for duck and I asked for some manner of jus to try to enliven my dry bird. Also our waiter left for the night before we got our food without ever telling us he was leaving. Very odd.Loved this place. Super loud, but the food was delicious.
We ordered the snails which came in a delicious soup broth, preshelled. We dipped our complimentary (3) slices of cracker bread and our bread basket bread in the soup, yum. The calamari was asian inspired I believe, with peppers. I think it was asian inspired, because that's the only reason I can think that they gave us, a table of three taiwanese patrons, chop sticks along with our forks. Or they were being low-key racist, but it's okay, the calamari was yum.
The Duck Confit was okay. The duck thigh and drumstick was good, although parts were a bit dry. It came on a bed of spinach with some red grapefruit and some type of delicious citrus glaze.
All in all, it was a good meal. I'd go back again.Before you marry someone, you should know certain things about them. Where do they stand politically? Do they want children? And, of course, do they like oysters?
When I found out my fiance had never tried oysters, I set out to rectify that. We skipped around the corner to Twenty Manning for birthday oysters and stayed for a meal. Those oysters were fresh, although I wasn't a fan of the champagne mignonette. I did LOVE the starter of radishes with salt and butter, though. Such a lovely way to start a meal.
Steak frites were tasty, as were my brown-butter ravioli, but nothing inventive or brilliant. Seating was cramped and crowded, even on a weeknight. I'm not a fan of the banquette seating, which nearly made it impossible to adjust one's seating position, let alone escape to powder one's noise.
We might be back for cocktails, seeing as we're so close and the weather's getting so nice, and the Elderflower packed quite the punch. But we'll certainly sit outside.Outside service was nice. 
Braised sirloin on noodles was large and well cooked.  Surprised they served it with chop sticks.  We brought half of it home.
Mushroom ravioli was very hot from the oven .... However only three
Fish tacos was really good 
Cons ... Very loud inside, only three ravioli, the rolls were hard. Table was wobbly 
Pros ... Server explained our menu choices because different than what we would have expected. Fish tacos.
Service was really good .... Offered to replace a beer that companion didn't care for.Went there after a rain storm, I felt welcomed, The food arrived hot. The tacos were spicy, the guacamole was great and their mashed potatoes were amazing. This one waiter started a conversation with me which I found great being I came solo.Went for the $65 prix fixe four course meal on NYE. I was charmed by the atmosphere and the way the restaurant sits on the corner of 20th street. There is a not a ton of elbow room with the place full, but this seems typical of downtown. Waiters dressed in jeans, t-shirts, and aprons (the same as on their website) at least implied an unpretentious concern for fresh food. Portions for the four courses varied in size - a meatball, crab and cilantro on a cracker, and a mushroom spring roll for course one = small, along with the crispy duck confit of course two and the dessert sampler of course four. On the larger size were the butternut squash bisque of course two and the filet and potatoes of course three.
Courses one and four were uninspired. The crispy duck was well cooked and tasty with orzo (I think) and spinach on the side. The squash bisque was mmm mmm good. The filet was not particularly juicy, yet it was very tender and had charred edges - overall very flavorful.
The snooty disinterest level of those around me stayed within acceptable limits, and while it was obvious we live in a state of apartheid, I didn't feel like punching anyone in the face in particular. The waiters' casual garb allowed me to imagine they has secret disdain for their clientele and were simply glad to take their money, in classic french style. With these warm thoughts I left to go watch the fireworks on the other side of town. (Do they really go to a lake of fire and fry? Hmm...)Not a big fan of this restaurant. It's in a good spot, and the atmosphere in terms of decor is inviting, but this is the kind of place you'd meet someone for a drink at the bar and then go to the real restaurant. The food was acceptable but not great and definitely overpriced for what you get. While the decor is inviting, something about the acoustics in the restaurant is way off, making it insanely loud and difficult to hear your dining partner. 
Bottom line: Good place to grab a drink during happy hour at the bar, but there are plenty of other good places to visit for food in the area.This summer my sister and I met a friend for dinner in Philly -- it was raining buckets and TMG was (fortuitously) a short walk from her apartment. 
The drinks were inventive, the service was so friendly and the food was fresh and well prepared. We especially loved/fought over the half baked cookie with ice cream for dessert. 
TMG goes on the short list for my next trip to Philly.One of the big problems I have with Twenty Manning is kind of rare in Philly or anywhere else for that matter: The staff can be too attentive at times. This is a consistent problem every time I have eaten here. It finally dawned on me that their boss probably has drilled it into them and it has become a requirement to constantly refill water glasses, ask if everything is ok, clear empty looking plates, etc. Ease off guys and let your patrons enjoy their dinner and conversation without constant interruptions. 
The patrons aren't always my crowd but that's not their fault. But you should note that if you plan to go it's very much a Rittenhouse stereotypical crowd and a bit stuffy. The staff is younger and hipper and that can often set a balance for me at least. 
The food is great. I return for the food and the vibrant noise level that is just right. I like a mildly noisy dinner out and the large open windows are an added bonus on warm summer nights. 
I love the blue cheese wedge and the scallop dinner but last time there were wayyyy too salty. Every other time they've been great.Headed over to Twenty Manning on Saturday night hoping for an enjoyable dinner at a great price (had the $50 for $25 Ruelala gift card). Overall, the meal was good and the experience was fine...very much a 3 star night.
I'd give the food a solid 4 stars. My date and I ordered the following: chop chop salad, pork pot-stickers, oysters on the half shell and the flash seared ahi tuna entree. The salad was huge and pretty tasty and the pot-stickers were great. The ahi tuna was also very good, served like the salad in a generous portion. The oysters were fine, nothing to write home about taste-wise, but were not properly prepared. They weren't removed from their "connector" (not sure what the technical term is), so we were forced to use our butter knives to separate them from the shells.
The service was okay, pretty attentive but also quite hectic. As other reviews have noted, the layout of the restaurant is bad. Tables of two are forced to sit within 6 inches of other two-tops, something that has always bothered me. And because the restaurant uses tiny water glasses (with no ice so it's almost always lukewarm, sort of strange) the wait staff is constantly having to refill them, so there's nonstop hustle and bustle surrounding all the tables.
When it was time for dessert we were excited to pick something out, only to have the waitress come over and plop the receipt on our table. Never asked if we were done, if we wanted anything else, if we'd like to have some coffee or see the dessert menu. This would have bothered me a little no matter what, but since we were planning on ordering at least one dessert it really annoyed me. We decided to just pay (would've been awkward to have to request the dessert menu ourselves and have the bill taken off the table and re-calculated don't you think?) and get dessert somewhere else. Not a great way to end the night, but on the plus side the total came to exactly $50 plus tax and tip (don't worry, we tipped on the full amount, not the $25 the cert cost)!This is one of my new favorite restaurants. The atmosphere is glamorous, the service is friendly and professional, and the food is excellent. I went on a Saturday night with my wife, and we were seated in a nice corner booth. We ordered calamari for an appetizer, and I got the beef noodles for my entree while my wife had the tuna. Both of us ordered the strawberry shortcake for dessert which was the highlight of the meal. A big plus is that the crowd made for fun people watching, and we were not rushed at all during our dinner - we sat down at 8:30 and left at 10:15 - plus, each course was spaced out just right which made for a very relaxing evening. Overall a fantastic experience - there were many other items I would like to try off of the menu so we will definitely be back!We had tickets to Helium Comedy Club so decided to grab dinner at Twenty Manning beforehand. I've heard many mixed reviews but never tried for myself so I was excited to be going. 
The food was fine - nothing special but, by no means was it bad.  Also, the prices were reasonable, especially considering the neighborhood. When I go to eat, though, I feel that atmosphere and service are just as important as the food so my main issues lies with the latter. The hostesses and our server weren't rude or unfriendly, but there was no sense of 'welcome' from when we first arrived until we paid our check. We felt like a bother from the start. The service was also extremely slow; whether that was the waitress or the kitchen, I am not sure, but there was no apologies or even acknowledgement of the delays in both order taking and food/drinks coming out. 
If you want a decent meal, it's a good place to visit but the overall experience was lacking for me.I went to Twenty Manning because of its reputation for both the space and food. When I entered, it was so packed and loud that I could not hear the hostess. She sat us at a table that was part of booth seating, and it was at most 12 inches from the next closest table. It was so uncomfortably tight and uncomfortably loud that we left and went elsewhere. The food that we saw come out to other diners looked wonderful, but the atmosphere is more sports bar and less fine dining. They should improve the space to reflect the menu instead of maximizing profits through getting as many human beings into the space as possible.Amazing Staff- Food is outstanding! You can't go wrong. Definitely 5 Stars in my rating standards.I had one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had in Philadelphia last evening. We sat at the bar and the bartender provided the worst service in the history of the restaurant industry. 1. We would ask for a fresh drink and instead of providing he would blatantly go over to his friends or regulars, do shots with them, refill drinks and then 5-10 minutes later would make is way over to refill a glass of wine.  2. Right after we ordered our meals at full price the bartenders friends pulled up in the chair next to us at the bar. In a very non discreet manner he tells them, these are the prices but I can do this and this you will not have to pay the full price. I understand that sometimes who you know can get you a deal but to say that right in front of other customers paying full price? Come on. I've had great prior experiences at Audrey Claire and Twenty Manning but after last night I will not be going back any time soon. When paying 60+ per person for dinner you deserve better.Twenty Manning has been a "go to" restaurant for me and my wife for nearly five years since moving to Phila. It's hard to go wrong with their beef sirloin noodles or their roasted chicken breast dishes.Twenty Manning's Bison Burger is fantastic--and don't miss the warm chocolate chip cookie with ice-cream!Chef here is incredible with amazing seasonal menus.  Even being in Rittenhouse the prices are reasonable.  Check out Cari behind the bar.  Great cocktails.  Overall definitely worth a trip.Have always enjoyed dinner there but brunch was terrible. My eggs were completely raw and inedible and the quality of the food was very poor overall. Will not be going back.Had a great dinner here with my friend! Oysters were amazing! 
The staff were really casual and kind and made us feel instantly comfortable. They made sure our wine glasses were always full. Food was great. I had the duck penne and she had the salmon... both delish! 
For dessert (because we never wanted to leave), tiramisu! 
Also, we were able to sit outside where we had a great view of the city and sat warmly under a heat lamp!I went to this restaurant on a recommendation while visiting philly.  Even though this dacquaintance assured me it was really expensive, I was surprise to see that the entrees were in the high teens/low twenties price range.    Expensive to some, moderately priced to others. Especially considering the effort that's put into the plates and decor.
With that said, now onto the food..   The menu boasts an impressive, if not lengthy number of entrees.   And an equal number of appetizers.    The duck dish came out looking sharp and quite nicely presented (restaurants in philly seem to still put in the effort..)   And although the flavors were there, it wasn't anything special, overall.    Still I'll give it 4 stars for trying.
The interior space is modern, airy and inspiring.   The outdoor tables are the place to be on a nice day, though.   Since this was my first experience checking out the restaurant scene in philadelphia, i was looking for some insight into what's being offered.    
Loved the food presentation -- waitstaff was efficient and friendly.  Though we weren't even asked if we wanted desert before the check was placed on the table.   And, though I had said I was on a time schedule -- I thought it was a bit strange.   I mean.. who doesn't offer desert before bringing the check..?   Time for some professionalism training to take this joint to the next level.    The impressive entree list will take me back to this place when i'm in the area.closed? i guess the service didnt cut it. i always thought so.What made this place a four star for me was the ambiance, great drinks, and actually, the great company I had. The food was not out of this world, but was good nonetheless. I started with a white cosmo that was very tasty - subtle white grape flavors with little pieces of ice floating about. For appetizers, we order the dim sum plate, the chopped salad, and the scallops. I'm sorry to report that I didn't get the taste the scallops, but others thought it was good. The chopped salad was okay (not as good as others raved about) and the selection of dim sum items was pretty good. For my main dish, I ordered the beef sirloin with rice noodles (vermicelli) and it was really good - lots of tasty flavors and greens mixed in. However, the meat did taste a tad game-y. For dessert, I ordered the pumpkin mousse, and I had them take it back because I honestly thought the cream they used in it was rotten. Actually, I had others try it too asking them if this taste was normal and the consensus was a resounding NO. I told the waitress that we all thought something was wrong - and she quickly took the dish away into the kitchen but was quickly back to tell me that that is how it should taste because of the type of pumpkin they used. It was seriously bad though. They were kind enough to swap it with another dessert and the apple cobbler was good. 
The service was great as well - everyone was nice - from the front desk people, bartender to our waiter/waitress. All in all - a great experience. I'll be back to try to short-ribs.I was visiting just for the day and looking for something unique and different to eat at with a group of friends.  I saw this place and thought I'd give it a shot.
The place as an atmosphere suited for small groups/dates:  dimmed lighting, candles, and soft music.  it probably was a little awkward for my group of 7, which included a college friend and his gf, my friend from home and his gf, and then my coworker who tagged along for the road trip and his friend.  3 seperate groups of friends who had never met each other before in this nice intimate setting!  nothing like good food to cut the tension.
being a self proclaimed dumpling expert, i decided to try their buffalo and chive dumpling as an app.  it wasnt dry, had a nice smooth texture, and good flavor.  i ordered the short ribs for my main meal and was happy it came out tender and well seasoned.  the portion wasn't huge, but enough to fill you up.  i took a bite of my friends crusted trout and thought it tasted good too.  i also took a bite of my friends pork chop which provided the only low highlight of the meal.  the pork was tender, but way too salty.
service was good, even though they did charge us 20% gratuity.  but they also included my two glasses of coke for free, so it kinda makes up for it right?Considering how many good reviews Yelpers had given Twenty Manning, I figure I should check it out.  
Decor:  The decor had a modern, asian, relaxing feel to it.  Outdoor seating was available, but we ended up sitting inside by the windows which were open anyways.  And I'm probably going to steal their fake grass in a shot glass idea.  Although it is fake, it was just cute enough to catch my eye.
Drinks:  I got the lycheetini - very good.  I actually had an even better one at a place in DC, but this one is comparable.  My friend got the pometini, which I took a sip from, but unfortunately, not the best I've had.  Not enough of the pomegranate-y taste, as it was more like sipping vodka.
Food:  I did the pre-fixe menu which allowed you to pick 1 appetizer, 1 entree and 1 dessert for $35.  So I ordered chicken satay as an appetizer, salmon for my entree, and the apple crisp for dessert.  Everything turned out pretty delicious.  The salmon was a great choice, that green sauce on the side was sweet and tasty.  My only negative comment is on the bread they served... it had olives in it - yuck.  But I did like the wasabi-flavored butter they served with the bread.  And I'm also impressed with our waiter for eavesdropping on our bread complaints and actually brought out a plate of multi-grain bread for us instead.
Good food, cool atmosphere... I'll definitely be by for seconds.Twenty Manning is the perfect date restaurant. It has a very romantic ambience with dim candlie light a chic decor. The food has an asian influence but very americanized with the usual proteins making it appealling to everyone. Eaten here a few times and the food is always spot on, but also nothing ever mind blowing. The entrees can be on the smaller side, so expect to order a few courses. Overall the service is OK, the food is good but nothing great, but the atmosphere is definitely the highlight and can make for a memorable experience.im biased because my uncle is the head chef (hahaha).
so OF COURSE, my service was spectacular.
but putting that aside he serves up some good food.  he does this asian-fusion thing and he pays close attention to flavor.  like the "mashed potatos" which are really composed of BUTTERNUT squash.  it tastes utterly amazing.  he is careful with his food and doesnt send dishes out without it passing his authorization.  the meat is never done incorrectly.  the desserts have to have a certain look.  he's just very careful with his craft and i think it shows.  
the menu changes with each given season.
and, because i know how anal my uncle is, dishes are anal-y researched and i think with each new dish of the season that he presents he finds a good balance between the new flavors that he wants to introduce as well as familiar flavors that run throughout the course of his menu.
has a GREAT bar too.  with a good selection of old and new trendy drinks (lychee martinis are very good).  comes with a set aside seating area with leather couches to shmooze with local patrons.
its a really modern looking place.  in the summer they line up tables outside on the street so you can partake in the bourgie downtown street traffic of philly.  with such a small space, they have really learned how to pack alot of seats in.
if you know me and find yourself wandering around philly hit this joint up :)YUM.
Not only was the food amazing, the atmosphere was quite beautiful. our server was was nice and had no problem answering any questions we had.
starters: I had the chop salad, the ginger dressing was so good, and the veggies were very crisp and fresh. i loved the fresh corn in it too, a nice touch. My boyfriend had the spicy calamari, i tried it and let me tell you, it was so flavorful and tender. Best calamari I've had in a WHILE. My mother had the fondue escargots which she loved (shes a big escargots buff too).
entrees: My boyfriend and I had the hanger steak, medium rare. Oh it was so tasty! A+ on the reduction sauce, perfect texture, not at all runny. The string beans it was served with were quite amazing as well. Didn't care too much for the mashed potatoes though... too bland. My mother had the pumpkin ravioli, she seemed to enjoy it. But I thought it was too mushy and greasy... Wasn't very impressed... My grandmother had the short ribs. We all tried a bite... it just melted in your mouth, very scrumptious. Definitely the best plate at the table. My grandmother is quite picky, but she nearly licked the plate clean! Haha...
dessert: We all shared the chocolate fondue.Definitely a good dessert to share with a group. Came with yummy fruit, brownies, and biscotti. Being a big choco-holic, I approve :D
I was just so pleased that my boyfriend loved it too. He was kind of skeptical (being a chef he's quite critical). But it was a hit, for all of us!
When do I get to go back?!I've been here a few times now and love it. It's a nice modern place tucked in just on the outskirts of Rittenhouse park. The interior is nice and modern but the really great thing about Twenty Manning is the menu. The menu is large with a diverse selection of appetizers ranging from soups to asian dim sum to salads. I've had the duck spring rolls, which were excellent and not overcooked and served with a tangy sweet-spicy sauce. The shrimp over baked yams are outstanding! Perfect mix of flavors and the shrimp are cooked to perfection. Dinner also provides a large variety unless your a vegetarian, where there's really only the ravioli. The ravioli is excellent but there aren't many other choices besides apps for vegetarians. For meat eaters this is paradise. Not only do you have your usual steak choice, but there's pot roast, bison burger and venison meatloaf. On the occasions I went there were also elk medallions and ostrich loin. The venison meatloaf was cooked to perfection and used spices nicely to mix up the flavor. There are also several poultry and fish dishes to choose from and its really hard to choose because everything looks good. Desserts were good also but not spectacular. There's a chocolate fondue pot which is better in theory, bread pudding which was average, and a chocolate fondant which is probably the best. The other nice thing about Twenty Manning is that they let you BYO on Sunday. Combined with a three course price fix menu for $30 this fine establishment turns into a really good bargain. I highly recommend it and hope to go back soon to try out the entrees I missed. The only downsides in my mind were the slight imperfections in the desserts and my pet peeve which is the smoke that comes from the bar area. With better ventilation or no smoking, Twenty Manning is definitely 5 stars.
I recently went back to try the brunch. Skip it, it's a rip off.I had a great meal here recently.  
To start I had a salad.  It was very fresh and was actually quite large for a starter.  The dressing was very light, but it was sweet from the grilled corn and other veggies in it.  I really enjoyed it.
For dinner, I had a rainbow trout that was also excellent.  My dinner companion had a burger that he really enjoyed.  Dessert was good...
We'll definitely be coming back.I went there on 12.23 with my boyfriend for dinner. He's not so much a picky eater unless it comes to Asian-ish food, so we had some high expectation going in here.
It was a bit crowded, so I'm glad I made a reservation (although I was 15 minutes late!).
The atmosphere? perfect for a romantic dinner. Dark and candles lit.. :)
The waiter first half knocked our menu off the table didn't apologize, and was generally a bit rushed, but otherwise he was satisfying, often checking to make sure how we were doing.
We ordered dim sum as an appetizer, which took awhile to get served but was very delicious! The mini roll was especially crunchy and tasty.  We both ordered pork chops with cooked fuji apples. mMmmm.. it was a good choice!!! cooked perfectly, perfect amount of sauce, everything about the food was great!.
The receptionist was very friendly. She offered to check our coats, and actually put it on me when I was leaving the restaurant :) A good way to end the night!The whole Twenty manning experience was great. We sat outside, and didn't have to wait for a table on a Friday night! the waitstaff was very efficient and friendly. The food was tasty an well thought out. Each dish had alot of variables and most were spot on. They have a two person sampler, which was well presented and a good array of flavors. my pork was well cooked and the apple stuffed with Gorgonzola was a fun side. 20th street provides good people watching, an odd version of townhouse, so sitting outside in these warmer months, coupled with good food, makes for a perfect evening.Had dinner here and both the service and all dishes we had were great.
The recommended short ribs were tender and tasteful, Excellent Tuna sashimi salad, chop salad and (mildly) spicy fried calamari.
aprox $40 per person.Great restaurant.  Food and service were great.  The atmosphere was perfect, not too loud.  This is a fun date place.  The desserts were amazing - in particular the strawberry shortcake.Ok well i have been wanting to go hear for a long time and finally managed to make it to that side of the park.  
First of all the hostess was an idiot, i expect that from hostesses but she was really bad.  
Second we sat for ten minutes before being approached and when the waitress showed up and realized she had worked with me and my buddy she talked to us for another ten minutes, which would have been fine if i had already gotten a drink.  And for the entire meal she kept that slow pace.  She also kept looking at us to figure out if we were on a date.  Yes two men are eating together and we do not need you trying to figure out if we are sleeping together, just get over it.
I had a pretty good but very sweet cocktail with lemon and gin and st Germaine.  we both switched to beer which was served in a small glass.  this makes me annoyed because why can't we just have a pint, I am paying enough.  the beer selection was limited but good.  The wine list was far better and many wines were cheap compared to places in the area.
I had originally only wanted to drink here but it was so nice outside (definitely the best outside dining in the city by far) that we stayed to eat.
We are massive fans of Bison and they had Bison Burgers so we each had one.  Mine was not Med. rare and my buddy had gone over what we expected for med rare (he is a jack ass) and she had giggled about it but i got a very med. well burger that tasted like nothing.  I was so excited for a chance to have bison and I was nothing but disappointed.  I do not understand why you would have a burger served on a roll that was anything less then fresh.
We finished with some really pedestrian after dinner drinks that were some boring blend of chocolate and coffee and raspberry with brandy, it was just too much and it was my fault for trying something that sounded so stupid.
Overall I would definitely go back to drink outside but would not likely bother eating again.What a beautiful little restaurant in Philly!! 
I was in Philly with my boyfriend for Valentine's Day. He had to go for work and so I tagged along so that we could spend the weekend together. I looked on Yelp for a restaurant near our hotel that would be cute for us to go on a date, and I came across 20 Manning.
After being seated we were a bit surprised to learn that the menu was a special Valentine's Day pre-fix menu, which we had not been informed about when I made the reservation, so immediately we were a bit disappointed. I informed the waiter that we had no idea it was pre-fix and asked him how much it cost for dinner. He informed me it was something like $150 for 2 people including a bottle of wine,  and I thought it was a great deal! We decided to stay, but it was still a bit embarrassing to learn about the pre-fix while seating down... what if it had been something like $200 a person.. that would've definitely NOT been cool!!
The food was delicious!! Can't remember exactly what we ate but I do remember it was amazing!! Highly recommend it for dates... it's super cute!! 
I'm adding it to my list of best restaurants!I went to Twenty Manning during Restaurant Week last September. Even with the abbrievated menu, we were still pleased with the choices and especially with the service - attentive, plus our waiter was quite attractive.
As for drinks, I recommend the lycheetini and the mango bellini - both were perfection. Overall, the place was hip, modern and tucked on the corner of a delightful little street just outside Rittenhouse Square. 
I can't speak to the regular menus merits, but I highly recommend it if you're considering it for Restaurant Week - the menu is large and offers a lot of choices, a rarity for some of the fancier restaurants that participate. We were also able to get a reservation for six that week with only a day or two's notice.Me and my girlfriends favorite place in rittenhouse. Good food, good drinks, cooling mist that is perfect for those hot summer days, and some of the best outdoor seating in all of philadelphia.  Highly suggest this restaurant to anyone that loves eating outside and people watching.I must start by saying that I like to eat out- alot. I have dined at an assortment of places (though only reviewed a few on here so far), and in my opinion, know what is really Excellent . THIS PLACE IS EXCELLENT.
First, the atmosphere is wonderful. Sophisticated and cosmopolitan meets, fun and romantic. Not snotty, just nice. Upscale casual dress is fine. We ate outside, but enjoyed drinks before dinner inside. If the weather is good, I think eating outside is ideal the people watching type like me. 
Secondly, value. I did a $30 Prix Fixe that included the trout. I was amazed. Really very tasty, and about $20 bucks w/o the prix. I also tried the soup de jour (Gazpacho) and the Strawberry shortcake. I really think that this place is the BEST value around when it comes to food. I mean you go to Brassier Pierre and pay twice as much for the same thing!
YOU MUST TRY THE STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE. It's made with homemade whipped cream and is just amazing. I have never had strawberry shortcake that tastes this good. 
Service, was good. Nothing impressive, but my server was pleasant and made a great wine selection which wasn't even the most expensive bottle on the menu (amazingly). 
I rarely give five stars, but this place deserves it.We went here for Philly's restaurant week and would definitely go back!! Several veggie options to choose from and the atmosphere is simple, yet sophisticated. They have classic B & W movies playing on flat screen TVs, which was a nice modern touch. Their cocktail menu (all around $8) had a ton of really tasty sounding drinks, but I tried the white cosmo (not my favorite but I'd love to try others). After three courses, we were totally stuffed and satisfied. I'm always interested in seeing how fancy restaurants decorate their bathroom, and this was one of the tiniest I've seen (almost like an airplane bathroom). Just an FYI.Twenty Manning is a fantabulous restaurant and according to some friends, a "Rittenhouse institution."  Although it has a lively bar scene, with weekend happy hour specials from 10p-12a, we were able to have a more intimate dinner at 6pm on a Saturday night.  The bartenders don't mess around with their contemporary twists on classic cocktails.  I enjoyed the "Makers Smash" - an Old-Fashioned doused with some champagne and pear liquor.  Another tasty was one was The Elderflower - a gin martini with elderflower fizzy water and Hendrick's Gin.  Two appetizers of note - the Chop Chop salad (my parents' favorite), and the spicy calamari with cucumber sauce.  For dinner we enjoyed the Grilled short ribs which was kind of a heavy choice, but very juicy and tender (served with veggies), the crispy trout with corn salsa, and the Tuna.  All were cooked perfectly and extremely yummy.  We shared the pumpkin and white chocolate mousse dessert, a very tasty and inventive dish, but not overly sweet like standard chocolate mousse.  All in all, a great evening and I definitely plan on coming back again!Love the atmosphere & location of this cozy restaurant just past Rittenhouse. The food isn't terribly expensive and I've found my meals to always be delicious. The service is friendly and when the weather is nice they open up the windows which is just lovely. You will need a reservation on a weekend, so call ahead. A fun place for dinner w/ friends or even a nice romantic meal for two.This is one of my boyfriend's favorite restaurants, and now I know why!  Asian fusion with a distinct flare.  The chef creates really innovative and interesting flavors.  
The atmosphere is serene and inviting, and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.
We both had amazing fish dishes, but they also have some really crazy game dishes too.  Definitely some things on there for the adventurous eater!
Try it!  I am pretty picky, and now I am a believer!  This place is owned by the same people as Audrey Claire, and I must say - Twenty Manning beats Audrey Claire by miles!Went here for restaurant week-- fabulous!!  The food here was delicious and I absolutely loved the atmosphere.  The only thing I didn't love was the expensive corking fee.  Other than that, I was impressed to say the least!STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND GO THERE NOW! 
I love this place, unfortunately my first visit was on a cold, rainy night so i didn't get the full experience of the summer dining and cocktails outdoors. But don't you fret my friend, it'll happen for me.
I went to Twenty Manning for dinner with one of my besties. She had chicken and I had steak. First we were so enamored of the wasabi butter that our waiter had to come back twice to get our order lol. Yes I said wasabi butter! Taste T! By the way the rest of the food there is amazing too, but again I'm stuck on the butter.
She had a pomtini that she's become quite obsessed with and anytime we have drinks somewhere else she's sorely disappointed that the current venues pomtini doesn't equate to her TM pomtini. I told her to stop chasing the dragon, we shall return soon.
I had a peach manhattan, my first manhattan ever and I can tell you, wasabi butter aside, this drink too, has the power to keep me coming back.
While the seating is very intimate, it's not set up at all for private conversation. While I don't mind this sort of thing, not everyone is an exhibtionist so you may want to keep that in mind. 
I truly could continue this rant forever so I will leave you with this:
STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND GO THERE NOW!Had a very tasty birthday dinner here last weekend.  We did the price fixed menu and were happy with how much flexibility we had on the menu.  Everything was delicious, despite the pork being a bit overcooked.  The lemon sole was one of the best pieces of fish I've had, hand's down.  And the bread pudding was divine.  Service throughout the evening was attentive and helpful.
The restaurant is so classy -- can't wait to come back here for a drink at the bar or a bite outside on a warm evening.I wanted to go to 20 Manning for a long time, as I love the sister restaurant, Audrey Claire.  The food was decent, but the wine a little overpriced.  I much prefer the cuisine at Audrey Claire.  Unlike Audrey Claire, however, they do have a full bar and more indoor seating.  Still a good date place and reasonable for smaller groups.I just had drinks here, 
tonight. The management tried to make things right, but two older women picked a fight with me and my two friends. To be clear, I'm 40 years old and a mother of two. Apparently these obnoxious, vile women are regulars here. So, I won't be...there are so many other places in Philly. Nobody deserves to be spoken to for laughing and enjoying Mother's Day in a bar...again, management tried to make things better. Again, there are so many better places in philly. Apparently these two old, crazy, angry, belligerent ladies are regulars. They cursed at me and honestly I just don't even know how that happens for no reason these days...but alas, it did.My friend and I had a great meal here.  We did the 3 courses apiece and a bottle of wine for $100 deal.  I had the scallop ceviche, pork with baked apple and bok choy and chocolate fondant and he had the meatballs, meatloaf, and creme brulee.  The meatballs were great, the scallop ceviche was just ok because the fruit in it overpowered the scallops so much it just tasted like a runny fruit salad, the pork and everything with it was divine, the meatloaf had foie gras in it and was inspired and very rich, the fondant was a little underdone but the flavor was good, and the coconut creme brulee was yummy.  The zinfindel we had was great.  Our service was excellent, the ambience was wonderful.  I would be back here in a heartbeat.  If I lived in Philly I would try to get an apartment as close to this restaurant as possible.  I'm so jealous of the locals - DC doesn't have any good (or any at all??) fusion restaurants.Let me start at the beginning with 20 manning.
Start with a whole grain bread served with a zippy wasabi butter.  So amazing.  Its warming and buttery and lovely all at once.
Lately I find I've been getting edamame as well, which is a nice touch.
For appetizers, I am a big fan of the pot stickers, which have the right mix of salty and fried and dumpling goodness.  There's a very nice cabbage slaw that comes with it as well.  The seasonal gazpacho was cool and refreshing.  My friend Sharon loves the chopped salad with ginger vinagrette--I think its a little hit or miss depending on the spice of the ginger.
For main courses, 20 manning has recently introduced a 1/2 main course price, which is a great thing.  It lets you have a meal without spending a fortune.  I am very fond of the duck pasta, which is something I've never had anywhere else, the lemon sole tempura, and the roasted duck breast. 
The service is pretty good, if occasionally a little spotty.
Definitely one of my fav neighborhood places.Overall, a nice experience.  We got a side-street, sidewalk table for 4 at 7:30 on a Friday night since the place was surprisingly empty.  The draft beer list only had 3 beers on it but I had a real nice amber ale.  The bottle list was so so.  One of our friends seemed to have a tasty Manning Mojito but he didn't mention it being great.  My wife had a Chilean Merlot which complimented her ravioli nicely.  We can't remember everything that was in the ravioli, but it was a nice combination of flavors, nothing jumping out at us.  
I had the monk fish special which wasn't overwhelmingly good but a nice portion and fairly tasty.  Our other friend had the Seared Tuna which he liked a lot.  The app we had was the edamame which as edamame goes, was real good with the perfect amount of salt.  
Overall, I just think there are other restaurants I want to try and won't come running back.  $160 including tip got us each a drink, one app shared for the table and an entree - probably the right price all things considered.  A-OK sums up how I felt about it.I ate here with a few friends from work on the 4th of July, I've only been here once, but I had heard lots of wonderful things about 20 Manning in the past and I'm glad I had a chance to check it out.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
It's got a cool, sophisticated vibe to it, but it avoids getting caught up in itself-- the glass and reflections of candle flames give an air of elegance, and yet it remains grounded and down to earth with features like the "community table" which runs through the center of the restaurant.  The clientelle that night was young professional, clearly your typical rittenhouse denizen, I am generally not put off by the styles of others, so long as it's not invading one of my senses...so that statement has no positive or negative connotation.  There's a bar with a nice HDTV playing something other than sports (at least when I was there, they were playing some old comedy in black & white).
THE FOOD/DRINKS:
I had edamame and one of the shrimp dishes for appetizers, the roast duck penne for my entre, and tried two of their special cocktails-- a poma-tini (don't start with me on my love for non-manly drinks haha), and the 20 manning mojito.  I was pleased with everything, as not only was it delicious, but portion and price-wise, I felt like it was appropriate as well...unfortunately, I think I was the only one who was pleased with my portions-- in my dish, it looks like they didn't focus as much on making the platter look aesthetically pleasing (and don't get me wrong, it still looked nice to me), but everyone else didn't seem to get as much as they may have expected.  Price-wise, I felt mine was sensibly priced, less than I had expected to pay, but I can see how easily that might change depending on what you order.  Either way, we all thought it was superb in terms of presentation and taste.
THE SERVICE:
Service was friendly, attractive, attentive, and didn't get in the way of our dinner.  The only thing that rubbed us the wrong way is that they said they couldn't seat our group of 6 at a regular table with such short notice reservations...and yet there were empty tables everywhere while we were eating at that "community table."  No big deal to me, but I can see someone getting annoyed with that.
THE VERDICT:
Very nice restaurant, great food, good intimate atmosphere, great for dates or get-togethers where you want to make a statement about yourself.  I would go there again for sure.The food and service were both great!  Asian fusion can be difficult to make taste good but its done very well here.  I've come for dinner and for happy hour and I enjoyed my visit each time.  The music played during happy hour is exactly what I prefer also.  I will be coming back for sure!Update! Went to 20Manning again for restaurant week. Oddly enough on the 27th, which is exactly one year later from when I wrote my original review. Differing from my last review: this time we weren't rushed for dinner at all, which was nice. Started off with a 20Manning Mojito, which is a Mojito with pinapple muddled in with the mint. It was excellent. For 1st/2nd course I got Veggie Springrolls and Salmon, respecively. Good food/attentive service - however the 3 stars is regarding going here during Restaurant Week specifically. While it's a nice restaurant, we would have rather splurged somewhere like 10Arts or Budakkan. This is more like a neighborhood place where you could go every weekend.Great little modern restaurant with tons of large windows looking out onto the street and prime outdoor seating. The food was definitely great, but you should skip the fondue dessert (it was sup par and nothing like Melting Pot). 
Appetizers are very Asian (dim sum and wonton soup), but if you really want to impress, order the $14 cheese plate that comes with wasabi peas and walnut raisin bread. 
Dinners are simple: meat, one type of ravioli and fish. But this is a very hip place and Philadelphia's cool (PR-esce cool) can be seen at one of the tables.As night falls an another day, my mouth is longing for the passionfruit martini I had last night at Twenty Manning. It was absolutely delicious and priced for happy hour from what I remember (I may be wrong). I also had the Ginger Mojito which was a really interesting cocktail; it's definitely for someone who likes trying exotic flavors and can handle strong ginger flavors.
Our bartender was very attentive and service was great on this weeknight. It was a very nice place to come and lounge out for a bit and talk before I called it a night. I'm sure it probably gets really crowded on the weekends which would probably ruin the chill atmosphere of this place for me (comfy seating, large mirrors, good use of space).
I will definitely go back to try their more exotic cocktails and perhaps their cuisine!Sister restaurant of BYO Audrey Claire across the street but with a liquor license and a more sophisticated look and feel.  Cool and efficient operation with many outside tables in summer on both 2oth street and Manning that make it near impossible not to have an excellent time at dinner.  Food and service always good with interesting specials.  Not cheap but excellent value always.The restaurant is in a cute area of Rittenhouse. We went for restaurant week. I think if I ordered these separately it might be somewhat costly and the portions were on the smaller side. I had the duck penne, which i thought was salty and a little too saucy. The other people in my group had the salmon, hanger steak and the tuna which looked good, but small in portions. The fried calamari on my salad was a little salty as well. My husband liked the vietnamese meatballs. I thought the ambience was modern and nice and the service was impeccable.good space
hot bartender
pricey (note, the $$ I rated is based on drinks only)
HA! I wrote those lines as notes the day after visiting 20 Manning about two weeks ago...I can't think of anything else to say about the place, so there you have it. GO and have fun. I wouldn't talk anyone out of going here, nor would I put up a fight to going back.Went here for restaurant week and it was great!  They had a great menu including pumpkin ravioli, duck pasta, calamari caesar salad, tomato bisque, tuna (sushi style) mmm.  The atmosphere was nice too: dim lights, super-modern set up, clean lines.  It easily made you feel like the high society of Rittenhouse. Only minor downside is that we felt sort of rushed.  Service was super-speedy, but it almost would have been better if it was a little slower so we could have time to chat.  Oh, and you will never dehydrate, because they refill your water every time you blink.Looking for some tasty and creative Asian fusion? Twenty Manning may be your place. I went with my girlfriend a little while ago and was impressed with the overall quality of the dishes. For appetizers, I got sashimi tuna and she got a mushroom beggar's purse. The tuna was a good cut, but nothing too original. The beggar's purse was fantastic. The slightly sweet taste of the balsamic glaze along with the marscapone cheese interior really pulled together the dish. I got a steak for dinner which was dressed up in a delicious sauce. My counterpart got a seafood bouillabaisse (I'm not sure what this was called on the menu) which she found to be very well seasoned. For dessert we split a chocolate fondue plate which, as you can imagine, was delicious (and very big). With a drink for each of us, this meal was about $120 but we left feeling pretty damn full. The service was decent, my only critique would be that it was kind of noisy in the dining room-- but that might be due to the overaged bachelorette party at a large table nearby. Twenty Manning is definitely a great spot for a casual but romantic meal.I've been to Twenty Manning multiple times and loved it.
The drinks are creative and good, a little pricey, but it is Rittenhouse Square. The food is great! An Asian fusion style going on here. From appetizers to entrees I liked it all. The bread and wasabi butter is a nice starter while you sip on your cocktail.
The inside is simple and chic. There are tables and some high tops and a large bar you can sit at. We went there for New Year's Eve and enjoyed the music and champagne toast. 
The service is friendly and helpful. The manager there was super nice and professional, checking up and making sure everything was ok. 
After dinner go grab dessert or coffee and walk around Rittenhouse Square.One of my favorite places in Philly. Twenty Manning in my stand by post-work/grab a drink with a friend place. The bartenders are really nice and the drinks are good (try anything with pomegranate juice). They have a fantastic lounge area in the corner past the bar, so there's almost always available seating. 
They have great pre-dinner appetizers perfect for noshing with a glass of wine. 
Dinners here, although expensive, are great. I normally don't love asian fusion, but the chef is incredibly creative. The ingredients are always fresh. I also love the outdoor seating especially around the corner on Manning. 
The owners also have a BYO around the corner that is equally fantastic. Check out Audrey Claire!Great location, both for outdoors in Summer and Fall or indoors in Winter. Menu for food and drinks is consistently creative and good. Again another  place where you can depend on their consistency to not let you down specially if you have a visitor from out-of-town staying in Center City and you would like to entertain them.Twenty Manning is hands down my favorite restaurant.  It's a place on the corner of 20th & Manning, with wrap around windows that are completely opened when weather permits. Doesn't' matter where you sit, you still get the yummy warm summer air while you enjoy your meal.
For such an expensive area.  This little restaurant nestled in Rittenhouse Sq. is surprisingly not very expensive.  Appetizers range from  $6-$10, and entrees from $18-$30.  You'd probably pay the same for a dinner at some low end chain steak house.  Except you'd be served frozen veggies to go with your steak.   Asian Fusion is so done, but because the head chef is Chinese/Vietnamese.  He incorporates all the yummy food he grew up with into something that's presented beautifully, and pairs it with yummy food Americans grew up with.  Like a Chinese family dinner staple baby bok choy sauteed with garlic, and pairs it with a melt in your mouth Yukon mash.  
Twenty Manning is definitely the place to be, for a quick drink and appetizers before a night on the town, or why not make twenty manning your night on the town, and grab a table!  Outdoor seating is great for your pooch! They even provide water for your lil loved one when the weathers hot!I think Audrey Claire's sister restaurant has really gotten it right.  
Don't get me wrong.  I still love Audrey Claire and always will.  But sometimes I want someone else to pick out the wine (always a great selection) and the Chef here is always on top of his game.  
The pot stickers are my secret vice and if it isn't on the menu that night and they have some in stock the chef will make his stellar ostrich dish.  
I love Audrey Claire for a casual night out but when you want to kick it up a notch walk across the street to Twenty Manning.The black-and-white decor is very classy and chic.  Cocktails in the lounge of the bar area has a very Manhattan feel to it.  The classic films aired on the TV over the bar is a unique touch.  The food is tasty, but in my honest opinion a little pricy and I prefer to pop in for a drink while waiting to eat at its sister BYO Audrey Claire across the street.  It is a romantic spot and excellent place to go on a higher end date.Some food is quite good, most is simply trying to hard without succeeding. Could use less show and more quality. Hipster atmosphere, as well as pretentious waiters and staff. Unless you want to spend over $300 (which I did) then you will not recieve any respect from the waiters, and if you do then you will recieve laughably fake ass kissing. Overall, it is a good restaurant, but not great. It is ultimately grasping for more than it can aquire and using pretentious pomp to delude patrons into believing it is posh fine dining when it simply is not.i havent been here in a very long time. but i'm thinking, i need to get myself there soon.  it is so cute. the food is american fancy fair. i have never had a bad meal or bad service. it is the perfect date place. intimate and pretty. and even just going for cocktails is fun. 
note to self... land a date soon and suggest this spot. haVisited this place on a business trip, using Yelp as my guide. I'm concerned that this place wasn't reviewed accurately. My experience was entirely different from the rest. 
I tried the Lemon Sole Tempura and the calamari, both were mediocore and bland. The lemon overpowered the rest of the flavors and the soy sauce provided with the dish had a maple syrup like taste. Lemon + maple is not a good combination. The calamari was rubbery. 
My coworker ordered the hanger steak, which she said was "marginal and the food was cold and flavorless."  One thing I did like was the wasabi butter spread they serve with the bread. The bread was good too.
The dining area looks nice, and is probably a good place to take a date for a mixed drink. Just skip the food.I want to like Twenty Manning... but my last visit just didn't cut it... I might be back again when I'm in the mood for it's more swanky vibe...
Ambiance: Despite the fact that I was in the mood for a more convivial and jolly atmosphere for the evening... I really appreciated Twenty Manning's set-up and vibe. It's a sleek mahogany atmosphere warmed by candlelight. Perfect for a date. 
Service: Was like a knife... Very sharp but cold as steel ... Though our waitress was quite efficient and attentive, she was also very clipped and robotic. Not sure if it was just her bad day or her general MO but it was a little off putting...
Food: This was a big range. Some things were memorable like my Dimsum selection especially the dumplings which had a chewy skin pan fried to a nice crisp. Also their brussel sprouts were quite enjoyable. However their soup was pretty bland and their garlic spinach was so salty it was practically inedible. All in all, everything balanced out to be mediocre experience. 
Drinks: The selection of wines was quite nice. I don't often see Gruner-Veltliners offered and it was nice to see it up on the board. 
I think I'll be back to enjoy a nice intimate drink with a friend or a date.I went here for drinks, not food.  The drinks were fine, but expensive.  The atmosphere was kind of nice, but it's not a place I would go regularly.  I found it a bit pretentious, but it's not my taste in terms of bars so perhaps you can't go by me.  Some day I'll go back for food, which I have heard good things about!I really hate the term "asian fusion."  I feel like every restaurant is freaking asian fusion.  
Anyways, aside from it being asian fusion, this restaurant was fantastic.  We ordered the Dim Sum for an appetizer, which I would reccommend as a great sampler for two.  I had the short ribs which were cooked fantastic and came with some amazing potatoes and bok choy cabbage.  Chocolate fondue for dessert!
The only complaint I would have is our waitress.  She didn't seem to be, well...all there.  I mean everything got done, but she had a weird way of communicating with us I could say.  Hardly a problem though, I would come back for sure!We went there for resturant week this year on a friday night. Not too crowded and they were able to seat us early.  The food was good and good portions for resturant week, and the twenty manning drink with the pineapple was my favorite. Our server was very polite and didn't seem annoyed that one member of our party was late. I'd try here again.First off - I wouldn't describe this establishment as Asian Fusion. I recall reading that they serve "Contemporary American", but I could have made that up.
Some friends and I dined here for Restaurant Week Fall 2009 and it as a darn good choice. The wrap-around windows really make for a lovely atmosphere. The cocktails were creative and I enjoyed vodka for the first time in a long while. I also like the long, bar-like table that runs the length of the restaurant, providing extra seating that doesn't make you feel as if you are sitting on top of your neighbor.
I was impressed with the menu and the number of choices they provided. I have to disagree with the previous reviewer and say that my meal was fantastic. I started with the heirloom tomato gazpacho with lemon sorbet. The lemon sorbet added a wonderfully cool, summer flavor to the spice of this Spanish soup without diluting the overall tomato flavor.
The rolls were wonderfully textured - chewy and warm inside with a crisp crust. The wasabi butter was a definite bonus.
My main course of roasted free-range chicken, brussels sprouts, and yukon mashed potatoes was hearty and delicious. The brussels sprouts were especially superb and lacked all trace of the pungent horseradish flavor they sometimes acquire during cooking.
Dessert was a lovely little trio chosen beforehand - apple pie, warm chocolate tarte, and ginger ice cream. 
Our server was attentive, but not overbearing and was especially knowledgeable about the wine selections.
I'd recommend this venue for all manner of dinners: dates, parents in town, friends, or even just to treat yourself.Was fortunate to get a reservation here for restaurant week.
Food was okay, but the decor and atmosphere made up for it. Lots of candles, and a black and white film noir movie was playing in the background. 
This would be PERFECT for a first date...or if you have dinner planned to catch up with a good friend.really good asain fusion food. Went for valentine's day fix price dinner. Would be interested in trying the regular menui have been to this restaurant before and had good service and food (a three to four i would say most times).  And I love Audrey Claire so I hate to be negative about this palce right up the block.  But the bartenders here SUCK.  And by that I really just mean one.  This one girl is just so ridiculously awful I was forced to write a negative review.  If you get the one bartender who thinks she is too cool for school (which i'm not sure why...  ) and just talks to her friends at the bar if they are there or otherwise just disappears from the bar - leave immediately.  Obviously the management here is lax - as any real service oriented bar/restaurant wouldn't allow this to happen on multiple occasions.  I go out enough to know what level of service to reasonably expect.I went here for restaurant week last year. So, perhaps, I didn't have an ideal experience. Nonetheless, based on what I ate, I was very unimpressed with Twenty Manning. I eat out a lot, and at a wide variety of restaurants, but rarely have I had food that was actually unpleasant. My meal here, beginning with the wasabi butter (and I like wasabi generally) and continuing through dessert, ranged from unpleasant to just blah.
The service, though, was great.Dinner Review.
Eh... it was okay. I came here with a friend on a Wednesday night... the bar area was at least 75% occupied... tables, maybe 3-5 tables (out of closer to 20).
Ordered the duck penne -- friend ordered the calamari and a salad (the one with the sliced apples). Salad was average -- nothing special. The "spicy" calamari were indeed spicy, according to my friend -- though I think for my palate it probably was more a mild-medium spiciness.
My duck penne -- eh... also average. Nothing exceptional. Definitely nothing I ran home to yelp about.
Honestly, I'd probably try the other places I've bookmarked and return to some other places I've already been to, before I come back here. It's definitely not a HORRIBLE experience, but in my opinion, nowhere close to a 5 Yelp review.I've heard that this is a place for those in the know as it's located kinda off the main hangout streets.  It's neatly tucked away into a more residential part of the neighborhood but don't let mere surroundings fool you.  Whether there are a lot of people or not, it seems like the vibe within is very jovial and always happening.  
From the hostess to the chef to the manager, you were treated well and like a regular, which there seemed to be many of.  The chef came out several times to greet people they have come to know and it seemed like there was a real friendship there.  The manager also came out and seemed to have a genuine sense of making sure you were being taken care of.  The ship was tight but not so much that fun couldn't be had.  The waitstaff all looked very experienced and mature in their taste and servitude.  What was funny was that we got the one green waitress who seemed to surprise attack us asking us if we needed any new drinks or food.  She also kept taking away our menus!  How am I gonna order without it?
Their list of cocktails and mixed drinks were plentiful.  When I drink, I tend to be a manly man but I let my guard down and tried the Lychee Mojito which was exquisite.  A stick of sugar cane and a lychee in the drink!  The gF got the Lycheetini which was also delicious.  Later on I got a Glenfiddich 12 to make up for my weakness.  Their selection of Scotch doesn't impress but this isn't one of those places anyway.  The overall theme seems to be more of a after dinner drinks place but I saw plenty of people eating.  I hear their chef is excellent so I know I have to come back for dinner sometime.
For food, we had a plate of their cheese and fruit which was really good, especially the goat cheese with honey captured inside.  We also had their Banana Bread Pudding which was !!!  So very good.  The small sampling definitely made me want to try the rest of the menu.
From time to time, I would look out at the rest of the dining and drinking crowd and I saw mostly 20 to 30-somethings, with a sprinkling of 40 and aboves, laughing and clutching their glasses and having a ball.  Honestly, I felt you could take a snapshot of any corner of the place and find yourself a magazine ad for a high end liquor.  The overall impression is that when you leave, you realize that just hanging out here made you feel good and if you were already feeling good, then you leave feeling great.The best meal I've had in Philadelphia yet was at Twenty Manning.  My boyfriend and I had my birthday dinner there in November, and it was absolutely amazing.  
It's a great date restaurant as there are numerous small, intimate tables in a room with great ambiance.  As someone else mentioned, the restaurant is not too loud, and it's also not too dark (a personal pet peeve).
My birthday fell on a Tuesday, so the restaurant only had a few tables seated, along with a few more people at the bar.
I ate one of the specials of the night, a ostrich steak in a sweet cherry glaze with a side of fresh vegetables and shitake mushroom risotto.  When I say it was to die for, I'm not exaggerating in the least.  The meat was so fresh and tender, and the glaze made it like candy.  It was an amazing complement to the meat.
My boyfriend ordered the tuna off the menu that was seared to perfection, cooked exactly how he wanted it.
Our server was kind and managed to be attentive, while not interrupting the meal every few minutes to check on us.
It was an all around great experience.
Writing this, I'm realizing that I should have gone back there at least 5 more times since November!  I think I'll go back now that the weather is warming up and enjoy dinner outside.Amazing.  I just loved it.  The service was actually kinda rushed, but good nonetheless.  They answered all of my questions about gluten free options without an issue.  I had the rice noodles with beef sirloin which was delicious.  My friend had the short ribs - amazing.  The trout was also a winner.  We shared some desserts which were good (but the food is better).  The Dim Sum appetizer was a lot of fun to share.  Ambiance is cool and modern, but not too trendy.  One of my favorites in Philly so far.so i've had really good experiences at audrey claire, so i decided to give this place a try.
all my friends and coworkers rave and rave about it....
so i went on a random night with my friend.  the place was empty.
the drinks were really good.  we both got the $30 prix fixe, where you get to choose an appetizer, entree, and dessert.  i got the tuna...it was waaaaay too greasy.  the pork entree was too tough, and not well seasoned.
however, dessert was fabulous.
so maybe if i went for dessert or drinks, i would have been happy with the place.  the decor was also chic, which may also trick me into liking it.  but not this time!Sharon wanted to sit outside. Unless you are having just drinks, outside is never a good idea. The service is always kinda crap outside because you are out of sight, out of mind. 
So we are seated. We had to practically beg for water. Then we were waiting for the wasabi butter and bread and wound up asking the hostess for bread. She brought us one plain roll and one of the seeded/multigrain. Now what were we supposed to do fight? So we asked for another multigrain. Again did our waitress apologize for not bringing starving girls bread?
I ordered a half portion of the steak for 12. Which is nice they are doing this whole half portion thing for the economy. Sharon had a side of brussel sprouts and the chop salad. She had no complaints. I loved my brussel sprouts, but my mash had no taste and the steak which I ordered medium was best cut with a scissors. i could barely slice it!
Then I kinda wanted dessert. Nothing on the dessert menu struck my eye. I hate when creme brulee is flavored. Hate hate.
So listen. I've been to twenty manning in the winter and had more success. Just sit inside and pray for the best!Vietnamese Coffee + Creme Brulee = Vietnamese Coffee Creme Brulee. OMG!!!!!!! Now that is one heavenly dessert!
Loved the food. Loved the decor. Love the waitstaff. Loved the company I was with.
Happy Birthday Joanne. Hope you loved it too :)