We came here Wednesday night right before their quizzo. Mild crowd, so we sat at the bar. The staff were extremely kind and down to earth. They had a nice $4 beer special on a few beers, and I got the Goose Island. We ordered an appetizer and two entrees. Great bar food! We will definitely be coming back when we want to head somewhere with good drink specials and good food. I'm bummed we couldn't stay for quizzo, so we'll have to head here another night. PS- has a cool ambiance. While this place wasn't formerly a hotel, it was the hotel bar. Hence, the name!Went here yesterday to meet up with a buddy of mine for a quick bite and a few beers and the US Hotel didn't disappoint.  Good food and atmosphere.  The manager "Anthony" was also the bartender on-duty at the time...great guy!  Very social with a sense of humor.  My only complaint is that we couldn't stay longer.  A+ to both US Hotel and Anythony!Have had the blue crab soup and it was very good then went back on a sunday because they have free wings during the 1st half of the Eagles game and they were just ok but who cares??? because they were freeI've been here a couple of times for drinks and while the service isn't spectacular, it was fine and rarely crowded. Today we went for brunch, and it was the most surreal experience. They told us to sit anywhere and we sat at a table in the middle of the bar where the servers could clearly see us - and they just legitimately never came to serve us. Groups walked in after us and they were served so it wasn't that they don't wait on tables. We waited for 15 minutes (literally) without them saying word one to us, they almost avoided us entirely so we left to go to taquiera Felis across the street (which was amazing! Go there instead). When we left they didn't even acknowledge that we were there. Just incredibly rude and strange.if you don't know exactly what you're in for when you walk in, you're deluding yourself. average food, average drinks, average service, and loud football fans. not a negative review, just average all-around and sometimes that's a good thing.Most underrated food on Main Street! Angry Bird Sandwich and Main Street sandwich are AMAZING! Come in, enjoy the history the building holds and enjoy amazing food in a comfortable casual atmosphere.Went to the hotel for wings on a Thursday and they were great. The bartenders are friendly and attentive and they play great music! Decided to try their brunch that weekend and was amazed by the $1 Mimosas and $2 Bloody Mary deal. If it's crowded you may have to wait a bit for drink refills but that can be expected anywhere you go. This bar is slowly becoming one of my favorites in Manayunk!!!Came here to have brunch with a friend. We asked for mimosas and was told you only get the 1$ mimosas when you're eating. Which was fine because we were planning to. My friend asked for hot water, which she received barely Luke warm tap water in a mug? They have mugs but don't serve coffee. Also confusing. We waited a half hour for a burger and a sandwhich, the sandwhich came out barely warm. Cheese wasn't melted. I asked for it to be warmed and got a whole new sandwhich 10 min later. They start brunch at 12 but was out of 4 things on the menu. The staff is less than pleasant. Lots of eye rolls. This was a rough start to Sunday. Wouldn't recommend.Food was good - steak salad/French onion soup & southwest burger/lobster bisque both presentation and taste.  Service a bit disorganized, but it did appear a bit busyThis is actually really good bar food. They have a lot of good things on the menu. The bar in there is awesome. It's been there since 1900 and I love to drink at it and think of all the generation who drank there as well.Good place for lunch, food is always fresh, service is efficient, and the prices are moderate. Burger's are ok, chicken sandwich was better. Usually one of the less crowded places to go for lunch in Manayunk even though the food is probably as good as the rest.A great brunch spot if you are in the Manayunk area. What lured me in was the $1 mimosas! The food at the US Hotel Bar is really appetizing. I have been there a couple times and try to get something different every time I go in. I wish I could explain HOW GOOD the gouda tots are. It's a small portion, so I recommend sharing with someone before your main course, but they are seriously out of this world. I have also really enjoyed other main dishes that I have gotten before. The steak and eggs are delectable and so is the breakfast burger. Great spot in the area and the food is priced fairly!Grabbed dinner in a summer Friday night, food and drinks were great and service was amazing! Pricing was very reasonable and will be suggesting this place to friends. Cannot wait to come back!Three friends and myself stopped into AG Jameson's US Hotel Bar and Grill for brunch on a Sunday Morning after a bike ride. It was a really nice day and we took advantage of the outdoor seating.
US Hotel Bar and Grill has a small but decent sized brunch menu. I ordered the brunch bacon and egg sandwich. This was pretty darn good and the tots added a nice touch also. My friends ordered the burger, the everything omelette and a warp. We were all pleased with our food.
US Hotel Bar and Grill had a few drink specials and I tried the Manmosa. This was Blue Moon beer, OJ and Vodka. It was surprisingly good and refreshing. I only had one thank God or I would have needed a nap. Our server was great and attentive. Prices were reasonable.
3.5 to 4 solid Yelp stars.Love love love this place! I usually stop in this place on Saturday nights, it can be slow earlier in the night and then crazy late night. I per fur the earlier hours at the hotel so I can carry a conversation. The bartenders usually are Anthony and Josh, they are awesome, we always have a blast with them. The only foodbi have eaten at this place was the chicken gouda bacon cheesesteak, it was great.. The drinks, last time I was there they had 3 different kinds of pumpkin beer! I love pumpkin anything! I will be back...My husband and I dined in here for restaurant week. While the restaurant wasn't busy, waitresses were not welcoming. I had to ask for water and then one of the glass had multiple lipstick marks around the rim. When we asked for a glass exchange, the waitress wasn't apologetic. The wait time between food was very long (at least 15-20 min) and food wasn't that good. Our waitress forgot simple serving task such as bringing utensils, menus, and a check. Again, the restaurant wasn't busy at all. The waitress also had us hold our folks after our appetizer when there wasn't any napkins nor small dishes to place them on. Overall, very disappointing and we won't be back to this restaurant for sure.On a Friday evening out with friends, the group decided that we were tired of the same old haunts and decided to try something different. We walked into US Hotel and it was pretty quiet, so we had our pick of the seats. We knew that the kitchen would probably be pretty slow, even though there weren't too many people in the bar, but we each ordered food around 8:30 PM because we were hungry.
We were right to expect that the kitchen would be slow, but we were happy once our food came out. The chicken cutlet sandwich got the spot, and came with a nice-sized piece of breaded chicken, some spinach, and cheese. The macaroni salad was also tasty, if a bit bland. Overall an A-OK place, except for the service.
However, the server couldn't be bothered to pay attention to us and preferred to talk to the bartender or scroll on his phone. We had to ask for the check twenty minutes after our plates were cleared and were shortly brushed off when we did. It was another fifteen minutes before we left because the server kept getting distracted by other things.Yeah... not $1 mimosas.
They up-charged to $3 due to St. Paddy's day.
Not about the money. False advertisement is not the way to get repeat customers. 
Take the huge sign down advertising $1 mimosas and trash the menu showing $1 mimosas.Their brunch is out of this world! It's not your typical brunch menu. They have about 15-20 options that they've put their own twist on. Everything our table ordered was great! Must try the Gouda and bacon tots, bacon, egg, and cheesesteak, and the early angry bird sandwich. Can't wait to go back and try other stuff! They have great drink specials too...$1 mimosas and $2 bloodys! Definitely check this place out!Don't judge this place on its appearance. It may look "divey" at first but go in, try the food, and enjoy the comfortable, casual atmosphere. Good service, great food, brunch is AMAZING, and this is probably the best place to watch sports on Main St. I have been here several times and it's always fun. Sunday brunch followed by football makes a great way to end your weekend. Try the Early Angry Bird sandwich on the brunch menu. It's soooo good!This is a local upscale dive bar! Is the only way I can describe it! The bartenders are very nice...if empty they will talk to you about anything...they are very good looking and def get hit on a lot!! The food is good...i have only had a couple things...get their liberty fries...its a big basket of fries with like 5 dif sauces...What is really cool is that during football season they have free wings for the 1st half of all eagles games!! They arent great wings...but they are free...sooooo who cares... The bud light is always on special! but it is usually flat...but its cheap...so suck it up! The house mixed drinks are a little expensive for the crappy liquor in it...but again it is like a dive bar with specials! I have seen/experienced some bad decisions in this bar! So if you dont want to go to kildares and drink go here! Music is usually country or old rock...maybe old school rap that everyone sings along to! So go in...order a big can of PBR and a round of jameson! Enjoy your surroundings of drunk mistakes about to happen and watch tv!This review is for brunch drinks on a Saturday around 11am. There's a huge sign outside the side of this establishments building that says $1 mimosas. I wanted to check it out and see if it was worth my time. Seat yourself situation. Mimosas are actually $3 and come in a small plastic cup. They tasted like tang? Sickly sweet and short on champagne. The lime wedge that came with a Bloody Mary was literally brown. We got one round of brunch drinks and dipped out of there to go into center city for back up brunch reservations we had made.Love the Hotel. Probably my go-to drinking spot on Main St.. The food is decent and the bartenders are friendly (though sometimes the newer ones can be unnattentive). It can draw some post-college creepers at night, so keep an eye on your lady.I wish that I lived closer to the US Hotel.  If a bar like this existed in Center City, I would frequent it regularly.  I love the old world feel of the US Hotel.  They have kept the integrity of the bar, ceiling and tiled floors/walls.  Aside from the Manayunk yuppies that permeate and booze, it's like stepping into a decade of many yesteryears.  The wait staff is attentive: what else can you ask for really?  The food is delicious, especially the fries.  (Not one to usually comment on something like French Fries, but they're pretty darn good.)  
I gave 3 stars because I had a little bit of that "I'm in the line of fire" anxiety.  When it gets crowded, it gets hard to talk to people and you're always in someone's way.  That could be solved by not going on a Friday night.Love this place, the bartenders are awesome and they always have a decent drink special!! It's a good place to start or end those manayunk drunken nights... If you are going to eat there, the food is great, go for the CHICKEN GUDA CHEESTEAK!!! You will love it..Let me see how do I start.  Well this was not my first time going to this establishment. Visit quite often usually for no reason.   First off I'd like to say kudos to the Cook Red's who does an excellent job every time I come with my food.  Food is always good, nice fresh tasting. However, this particular time as before I wanted to just enjoy some relaxing time having a few beers Stephanie the bar girl/ waitstaff  how do I explain the barmaid Stephanie very unattentive texted and talked more than she worked at least on rhis day. I had to keep asking her for my items she did not check on me during the time period that I was there but once someone else came over to bring me my check she did not know how to run through the Groupon certificate not attentive customer service is important to me and she didnt have much of that which makes a difference when you visit an establishment at least check on the person once in awhile . She was basically having conversations with the bar guess and talking about how she likes to gamble with another guess but had not checked on me for at least 22 minutes.  Meanwhile the new person starting the shift comes in and she checks on me after a 27 min conversation with bar guests only until I had to ask for something  then she  acknowledged I was there then also rushes me to pay my bill even though I'm sitting still at the table area. Needless to say I will not be going back there on a Wednesday I'll stick to my normal days.
Unpleased Regular CustomerThe food isn't anything to write home about but the beer is cheap and the bartenders are friendly. Great place to have a couple drinks and watch a game.The place itself is small and cozy, there is self seating so you can choose to sit and the bar or a table. My boyfriend and I talked about going here for months now because of the $1 mimosas. The mimosas themselves were just okay. They had them just sitting out so they were not very tasty when room temperature so I had to put the ice from my water in it. We started off with the Gouda Tots they were really good but I wouldn't say they were world famous by any means. I got the breakfast quesadilla and it was really really good. And they were a big size that filled me up nicely. My boyfriend got the Early Angry Bird to which he has no complaints about but said it wasn't as filling as he would have liked it to be. The good was pretty good overall, but, for not a lot of people being in the place it took them forever to get our food out. The employees were really friendly though, I wouldn't mind eating there again it just wouldn't be my first choice for brunch in the area.A spot different from many of the "high volume" bars that dot Main Street in Manayunk. The food is way better than you might think with good service to match. It gets busier later, but is an excellent place to grab a bite and a beer.There has been a new management change. My friends and I went for lunch on Saturday, interior design is beautiful. However, the service was awful. Meals were brought out individually in 20 min intervals for a table of 5. I had to wait over an hour for the French dipped grilled cheese, which was sub par. The server refilled a Diet Coke in a Bloody Mary glass and gave it back to me with a jalapeño still in it - and argued with me when I said something. Staff could have been nicer - overall my worst dining experience yet. Overpriced and staff is not well trained.This place had a decent brunch before the new ownership. The shrimp n grits was inedible and the "French toast" is a piece of monkey bread. Only redeeming qualities is the $1 mimosas and the waitress was nice.The bartender was friendly and was the waitress as well. 
Now the place is kind of small, but cool. As far as the food I thought it was pricey for just some ordinary food like a burger and wrap. Although the bacon gouda fries were awesome and a very large portion. 
Overall wouldn't go back.You must come here and try the brunch! The food is amazing and it's a great chill place to watch the game.  Early Angry bird and bacon egg cheesesteak are a must.  $1 mimosas , $2 bloody Mary's :) also the first quarter for the eagles games they offered FREE wings.I did it all for tots! So glad they didn't close down as was indicated earlier last year. Let's just say I could eat their tots all day everyday! Service is great too. Bartenders both times I wanna there very attentive and make a great cocktail. Very decent selection of microbrews on draft as well. Definitely a great a lot to hit for last call on the way home. Sunday funday has also proved to be well worth it with their mimosa specials. Not to mention with all the tvs on Sunday you won't miss a game that is for sure!Amazing place. Food and drink specials are the best around! Watching a sports game? Go watch at the US hotel!Really slow service for there being like 3 tables. The $1 mimosas are measured to be a shot of champagne and overly orange juiced. The food took forever and the burger was burnt and also clearly a frozen patty. The shrimp was way over cooked too.I can sum up my review by saying: after you wait so long, anything will taste good and thankfully they have decent music playing to take your mind off your hunger. 
I was lured in today by the $1 mimosas and $2 Bloody Mary special- a great deal, don't get me wrong. The menu for brunch is expansive and unique; no one had any trouble finding something to eat. It took us about 15 minutes to order, not unreasonable since we already had our drinks. Once we ordered, it was over an hour until we got our food though. The restaurant wasn't super crowded so I'm not sure why it took so long. We were comped a round of drinks after we inquired about our food twice, so that was nice. 
Once we finally received our food, it was good, but again, we were pretty hungry and anything would have been good! I ended up having some leftovers and wanted to take the rest home and asked two different people for a box and never got it, so that was annoying. Not sure I'll be back, if so- I'll clear my schedule for the day and/or just order drinks.Not a bad place to grab some drinks for friends, although can get crowded quickly.  You can always take your drink into the alley next to the bar and hang out there, up to you if you like that sort of thing.  We were served loads of shots and Irish car bombs in a timely manner so even with the overcrowding the service was good. Go here for tightly packed hipster crowds or avoid if you can't stand small spaces/ dirty alleys to drink in.Honestly.  Fantastic food. One if the best for quality drinks and food. Rate combo sometimes. The crab soup is incredible and they have a $5 chicken cutlet sandwich right now where I honestly can't believe it's $5 because it's one of the best sandwiches I've had...I like this place a lot.  I will definitely be back...pretty much every Wednesday lolFirst bar in Manayunk. Pretty small. Food is decent but nothing that stands out that much. Have to go as part of Manayunk historyThis is a great bar! we went here for restaurant week and got a couple of wonderful chicken sandwiches and fries. They were very flavorful. We also went here for brunch and it was really great. I got a Mexican brunch dish and my husband got the burger with an egg. Both were great! Def coming back again!Decent food, cheap drinks, and $1 mimosas and $3 bloody marys for brunch?? I'm down.  You do have to order a food item for the drink special but it's worth it!Best brunch in the Yunk! Service was average because it was packed. Can't go wrong with one dollar mimosas though! The bacon gouda tots were amazing.This is my favorite after work stop. They have $3 PBR pounders and usually another drink special or two. The bartenders are all friendly and the service is great. The food is pretty good too I recommend the pork sandwich. It is usually not that crowded save for weekend late night. If you are in Manayunk I highly suggest you stop in.You can't drink all day if you don't start in the morning. AG Jameson's US Hotel Bar & Grill is a great place to start off your day with some fantastic food and cheap drinks. The first warm weekend of the year was a perfect opportunity to brunch outside in the sunshine. We sat on the little side deck and started on the $1 mimosas. The Bacon Gouda Tots were a decadent appetizer- definitely heavy, but they would pair really well with a hangover. We both ordered the Breakfast Burger which comes with an over easy egg. I would ask for an over medium or over hard egg next time because the bun just slid right off of the burger from the eggy gooey-goodness. Great sized portion and comes with your choice of fries or tots. All in all- a great, cheap brunch spot- especially if you can snag a spot outside!My boyfriend and I stopped in for a quick dinner and a few drinks, really looking forward to seeing the renovations and trying the new menu. 
To start it was slow. One table outside was closing up and second table inside had already moved through half of their meal. At the bar, sat four people. 
We sat at the bar, said we were there for food and drinks, were provided with menus and left to sit for an appropriate time. Ordered drinks that arrived in an appropriate time. Then we were left to sit for 10 minutes. I appreciate staff wants to move things along, but at least ask us if we need anything before ignoring us on a slow day. 
We eventually ordered two orders of wings. 30 minutes passed until we asked where our food was, and we were told the food was being plated. The wings came out 6 minutes later. 6 minutes to put celery and blue cheese crumbles on paltry looming wings. We get it, you forgot about us in the back. I'd generally be okay with that if it were busy. It wasn't busy, we were provided with no apology, nothing. Next is the blue cheese on the wings. It comes on the wings. We found that out when we got the food because the menu didn't mention it. 
Naturally, we asked if the menu did mention blue cheese. We were told no. Another opportunity to clarify or apologize or anything. Nope. 
We eventually finished our food and sat for another 10 minutes without being approached. Then the check came and it was incorrect as the prices on the menu didn't match the prices on the check. 
Drinks were good, not great. $24 for 2 orders of 8 wings is borderline insane. You expect the service and experience for account for the cost. It didn't. Really disappointed; would have liked for this to become a regular stop because the decor is beautiful.Gorgeous old wooden bar with a decent beer and liquor selection once you get past all the (shudder) Jameson paraphernalia. Food is a nope, but good place for an old school drink. This is not a place to order a lemon drop unless you are over thirty and want to pretend the bartender needs to card you.As a young professional new to the area, it's great to find a place that I can always go to any night of the week. The atmosphere and bartenders are all great. I have gotten several things from the menu and there isn't one thing that I've gotten that I do not like yet (Buffalo Chicken Wrap is my default)
Great place to grab a beer with friends after work, or watch NFL football! My favorite spot on Main Street!The weather was nice & we were able to sit outside. It was during food week. Really great deal on "3 course meal". Food was excellent & waitress was super nice & accommodating.Gross. Served a wedge salad with brown, rotten lettuce. Beautiful bar restoration but I will not be returning.This is a good bar to watch a game and grab a drink but I ordered take out and am so disappointed. Ordered a burger with cheese and caramelized onions for a friend and fries and chicken fingers. Everything was bland, the burger was disgusting - burned on the outside raw and mushy on the inside (it was ordered as medium well). Burger roll was stale. Upset that I had to throw it it out because it wasn't cheap.super chill spot , not the largest space but still manageable. THey had live music playing ( however the band was terrible and obnoxiously loud) I still dig the fact that they have live music. The bartender was nice and he kept the drinks coming. I didn't eat here however my friends did and they thought the food they had ( chicken fingers/ wings) were good ... this is definitely a place I'd go back to.I feel bad for rating so low because their staff the last handful of times I've been back since their re-opening in April have been awesome. Really I think their service is great and none of my comments are a reflection on them. 
My biggest complaint is the new menus and the quality/consistency of food within them. 
I get that there is new ownership and they want it to reflect their vision, so I won't spend a ton of time on this, but I thought their old menu was better. It was simpler, and the food was consistently very good. I thought the crab dip was as good as any in the city and their brunch was a favorite and unlike other brunch items along Main Street in Manayunk. It was just good food, and I never would've gone away from it if it were me. But I get that that's nostalgia and not fair to the current owners. I do wish the old photos of their food could be taken down from The Yelp! Review page, as it doesn't accurately reflect their current offerings. 
I kind of decided that today was probably my last visit for a while after the brunch we had. As I said before, the old brunch menu was good and different than the rest of Manayunk. The breakfast quesadilla with spicy ketchup was a favorite, especially on a hangover. Anyway, the new menu feels like it's overly complicated, and there wasn't anything that I could just order and feel good or excited about. I ended up with what I thought would be two eggs with some spicy sauce on top and toast, but was actually just one (medium?) egg on top of a ton of spicy (I presume) arrabbiata sauce, and a side of sausage. The sauce was decent, as was the egg, but the toast was bread that was flipped on the griddle and the bottom side was left for way too long, it was all black and burnt, but the middle was still straight bread. They were out of the sausage, but the waitress wasn't made aware and brought out a side of bacon, which was frustrating but she ended up not charging me since it's not what I ordered and I appreciate that. As it turns out that was probably the best part of the entire meal flavor wise. Anyway, what I'm trying to say is the meal was... okay. But considering that it was 14 bucks when you throw in a side of bacon I see absolutely zero value for the level of execution or for the actual amount of food. To me, you can get away with setting a premium if you're serving something that's next level flavorful, but that wasn't the case here. It was thoroughly just okay. And the wait time was pretty long for what was one egg, some bacon and some sauce heated up in a restaurant that wasn't in any way busy. I'll say that it was presented well as you can see in the attached photo. But the flavors didn't follow the presentation. On the whole, I just wish I would've gone somewhere else on Main Street instead, and I feel bad because this used to be one of my favorite casual spots. 
Again, I really hate rating them so low, but I also think it was a bad enough experience to point out. As you can see, I don't write many reviews so this definitely left an impression on me. I hope things change as I love the spot, but the value isn't there in any capacity."You're not our target customer" is what the gentleman standing outside smoking just said to me. He stopped me as I was walking home and asked what I thought of the barstools...from outside (huh?). I replied that they were fine, and that I hated the music, which blares outside at an unnecessary volume. It's crappy music as well. But regardless of my musical taste, his response was pretty careless. Not only have I lived here for over 23 years, but I operate a very successful, local business and have served on the board of the Manayunk Neighborhood Council for years. I frequent many of the restaurants and stores on Main Street and often give recommendations to visitors, friends, etc. Some people jokingly call me the "mayor" of Manayunk (only because I know so many people). So if I'm not your target customer, who is? I have been in "the Hotel" many, many times...my cousin's wife and her father were previous owners, another cousin and my sister in law held jobs there, I've eaten and drank there. However, this new owner seems to only cater to those who like his barstools and way to loud, shitty music. No doubt you have plenty of business to ensure your success, but you won't have mine.Finally knocked this place off my list! I normally head the other way down Main Street and always forget that US Hotel is in the opposite direction. Few weeks ago while brunching elsewhere, I saw the chalkboard outside that said $1 mimosas so I made a mental note to try this place sometime soon!
So we stopped in for brunch the other day. Typical Manayunk pub - a little on the small side but didn't matter since there weren't many people in the place. We sat at the bar and the bartender was nice, friendly, and engaging. 
Only saw the brunch menu and they definitely had quite a few good looking options. Of course, had to get the bacon gouda tots which were amazing and could hold their own against my love of Lucky's tots. The tots were still super crispy even though they were smothered in cheese and the bacon pieces were ginormous - actual cut up bacon and not bacon bits. Definitely get these if you have the chance! I ended up with the breakfast quesadilla which was great with the Sriracha ketchup, totally right up my alley! The serving of tots was pretty large so I didn't eat much of the quesadillas, but they made for some good leftovers later on.
And seriously, you can't go wrong with $1 mimosas. I don't think I've seen them that cheap at any other bar in Manayunk! They also have $2 bloody Marys if you feel like going in that direction as well.
I'd be interested to see what other food options they have outside of brunch. Will definitely remember this place as an option for sure!Went here for a happy hour.  They had no real drink special that day...  Surprising to say the least.  And we were hitting a bit of a snag because folks attempted at ordering specific beers listed on the menu that weren't available for whatever reason.. so their draft beer menu was slim that particular day.   BUT we still ordered some drinks and noshed on their selections of fries... one was a poutine.. and "dry" fries were ordered too.  The (big) basket of dry fries came with like 5 different dipping sauces, which was awesome!   Overall experience for happy hour is good.  I would go back there again for a happy hour situation.  I would have to go back to really sample their full food menu. I do hear good things about the food...The Chicken gouda cheesesteak is usually really good! I haven't had it in awhile so I was craving it. A little disappointed tonight. They skimped on the chicken! But overall it's good and I'm not a big bread person but the roll is soft and nicely toasted. Needs more meat though!I remember having an great burger from this place years ago, so when I saw it had a gift certificate on restaurant.com I bought 2.  A friend and I went on a Sunday evening, and sat at the bar.  All of the 6 or so tables were full.  There was one server/bartender taking care of the entire place.  Needless to say, we waited, and waited, and waited, and waited until FINALLY we were able to order our beers.  
To order our meal took just as long.  I actually felt bad for the girl behind the bar.  The table behind us was eating her alive.  Apparently, they were not happy with the food or service.   I thought the server/bartender did a fine job for the amount of people she was dealing with.  I can't say that at all for the kitchen!
Out appetizer, calamari, took literally 28 minutes to come out.  I thought it would be interesting to time the course, since everything else was so slow.  When the dish was put in front of us the food was ice cold.  It is a shame because it had a great flavor.  My friend and I both ordered burgers...both were over cooked.  Mine was ordered medium but came out well done and burnt.  I took one bite and decided against eating anything else.  I was so disappointed.  
If I had not had the gift certificate I would have been really upset.  I do have one more gift certificate, but I think it would be more useful as a coaster on my coffee table.Stopped in before brunch on a Sunday morning. Really cool space - owners kept the inside original which adds to the charm. We sat at the bar and had a drink, so I can't comment on the food. The Bloody Mary was a good size and had good flavor. The only suggestion would be to make sure you get there early. We got seats at the bar, but it started to fill up around noon.The group went here to yuck it up after dinner at Derek's. Nice ambiance with its turn of the century Americana surroundings. The start of the night, it was a nice chill spot where you can shoot the shit. But later on the night it does start to get crowded. Modest drink prices and everyone was nice. TV and good music. 
We were staying in the Manayunk area, so I can see this place as your neighborhood hangout. But I wouldn't make this a special destination.It's just okay. The food is decent pub food, and the service was friendly. I remember it being very slow, though, especially on a week day for lunch.I love this place. They are so friendly. Perfect for a night out or even for lunch-- would you believe they make all their food by hand? like ALL of it-- even their chicken fingers are freshly made in-house. Really yummy too.Bloodys were a bargain and overall well done. With that being said, if you want to pay a premium for potatoes this is the place. Although good, they are tater tots. The Irish potato famine took place in 1841. I find asinine that I just spent 10 bucks on tater totsWho doesn't love a good, trustworthy, local dive bar? Good wing specials on Thursday nights, good beer selection and deals. The food is good for what you would expect - cheese steaks, sandwiches, fries - not your heart healthy place but when you feel like being bad, watching a game and having some drinks this place always does the trick. 
I mostly love 1. the neighborhood feel of it, it seems worlds away from the college cluster f*** that is kildares, and 2. Its a Jamison bottle house, which means you can purchase your own bottle of Jamison and take it off their shelf whenever you want, its a pretty good deal when you figure how much shots cost and if you're a Jamison fan, plus its different and a nice little novelty.Went here for a beer after a soccer tournament. Ended up staying 3 hours had a great time. Awesome brunch specials highly recommend the early bird sandwich.Perfectly Poured Guinness. A nice place for a meeting / day drinking after you have eaten across the street at Han Dynasty. This bar has the necessary traits of a good daytime bar = a friendly bartender and properly poured pint. Amen.I've recently started hanging out at the hotel, and it's been a ton of fun. They always have a $3 draft beer special any day of the week. They have $1 mimosas on Sunday's. The ambience is awesome. I love the quirkiness of the place and the outside seating. Great for people watching. There are plenty of tvs for watching sports. The food is surprisingly phenomenal. I've had their mozzarella sticks, pizza, salads, house fries, and cutlets and I'm surprised every time. I think this is my new go to spot for a beer and American food in manayunk.Nice, really casual dining.  They always have great drink specials & their margarita pizza is my all-time favorite.  It's usually all I get but anyone else I've ever been with has always loved their food too.When we first got there my one friends glass of water was filthy there was some visibly green stuff on the inside of his glass, however my friend is kind and just wiped it down. We were never given menus and after waiting for awhile my other friend just grabbed them. When the food came out my friends meal came with tots but they did not come out so he had to wait a minute. My meal was missing ketchup, and We never got silverware lol. Before I asked for ketchup I had to wait a good amount of time just to get someones attention. Its small stuff and I know its stupid but every little thing adds up to an uncomfortable feeling. The staff should do a better job checking orders before bringing them out like in repetition you should know what comes with what. Getting refills was near impossible and If we never flagged anyone down I dont think we were ever approached after ordering. So the service was kind of terrible however I wont 1 star it because the girl was alone and had alot of tables but thats not the only thing off. The menu was really bland there was like 10 things to choose from all the same ingredients just in different forms and for a brunch prices weren't very favorable to say the least. The food was good but the wait was long but as for taste it was enjoyable. Portion size was whatever. My tots bowl wasn't even entirely full if anything it looked like someone ate a few when It came to me lol We had to wait a long time for the check we had to flag someone down to even get it not mention flagging someone down to pay it. I feel bad for our waitress I'd say just correct the problems by hiring someone to take the pressure off her and do a little better job checking things before bringing them out and check on tables more frequently.Went for brunch on a Saturday a little after noon and I left two hours later. There were 5 other people in entire restaurant and it took an hour and a half to receive our food. They messed up my order, there was a fly in my friends water, the waiter never checked up on us so we never got more water, and he charged us all for mimosas even though we didn't order it.Unlike the menu states, and the giant 12 ft sign on the side of the building, the mimosas here WERE NOT $1 today. After we received the bill, we noticed that we were charged $30 for 10 mimosas, instead of $10. The waitress then said, "oh yeah today they're $3 each instead of $1, I can't change it back to $1 for you, I am sorry. The most I can do for you is take a round off" She also let us know that the change was written on the small, handwritten board in the front; But there was the giant sign on the side of the building, and on each menu that states they were $1, like I said before. It is ridiculous that we weren't notified ahead of time by the server that the mimosas were the new price, which would have influenced us to have less of them.More 3.5 than a 4. It's cramped inside, and we always get seated outdoors, which is all right normally, just don't let yourself get seated anywhere near the alley. You'll get swarmed by little buzzy gnatty things. 
But that all aside, the food is really good. We strongly recommend their Mac and cheese if its not too hot outside. It's awesome.I was interested in visiting this place because of the $1 mimosas, but this place isn't worth it. We sat inside, almost immediately, but it took 15 mins for someone to even acknowledge us. As a server,I get it...but it's a brunch on a Sunday with $1 mimosas, you should have more than 3 servers or at least more attentive servers. Waited over an hour for our food to only have unseasoned fried chicken, the Angry Bird. If I wasn't so hungry, I would've asked for something else. Other people looked pretty upset as well. I probably won't be visiting againThis is not about the food. I can't speak to that.
I bought a six back of canned beer here (PBR pounders) to share with my housemate after work (at a local restaurant).
Now, I have worked many a bar. I'm not normally picky, but when you get home and find the bottom of 3/6 of the canned beer caked with brown grit of some sort it makes you question the condition of the rest of the restaurant if nobody could be bothered to wipe out the beer cooler. Most places I've worked that was a once a week task that took maybe 15 minutes. I never saw such Brown gunk build up over even a month, which tells me that these coolers were likely not cleared even recently.
And yes, I know, they are canned beer. We washed the cans and drank them. But this type of stuff deserves a warning because I certainly would be hesitent to drink draft beer here, or eat their food.This was the first stop on our impromptu Sunday midday Manayunk bar crawl (that was a lot of adjectives for "crawl"!), so we were only here briefly for a drink. But we enjoyed sitting at the sparsely seated bar and having a drink in the classic atmosphere, evocative of the turn of the 20th century (if there were PBR-pounding polo-shirt wearers back then). 
The bartender was a little green (in the neophyte sense, not the sustainable sense), and wasn't quite up to mixing a good drink with whipped cream vodka. She tried to make us an orange creamsicle drink, but it didn't come out quite right because she used orange-flavored vodka instead of orange juice (which would have smoothed it out). She was definitely friendly, though. I'm sure it would have been better if we ordered beer or a standard mixed drink. 
I wouldn't mind coming back here on another lazy Sunday, but not sure if I would come here during prime time; this place looks like it could get packed.This is a very chill bar for the most part and never gets overly crowded even though it is so small. They have someone playing live guitar a couple times per week and the bartenders will plug in their iPods which usually turns out to be pretty decent music. 
The Food: Burgers are good not great, the chicken sandwich is really good. Also the chicken quesadillas are worth ordering. I hear a lot about the mac and cheese as well, so it must be tasty.  They also have chef specials written up on a white board so keep and eye out.
The Booze: Never any specials, bad but good because it keeps the crowds away. They have Blue Moon on tap and a couple other well knowns. The bartenders know how to mix some good cocktails and they may have a couple specialties on the menu, I cannot remember.
Its a good place to go earlier in the evening or on weeknights but will get busy later in the night.After Greg's across the street was an hour+ wait, we ducked into US Hotel Bar & Grill to get out of the rain (and lured in by the promise of $1 mimosas and bacon gouda tater tots).
Our meal took awhile, which we didn't mind much but if you're in a hurry this probably isn't the stop for you. I enjoyed the Early Angry Bird sandwich (spicy fried chicken sandwich with sunny-side-up egg) and the tots. They were also randomly out of coffee by the time we arrived, so bear that in mind.
We heard through some friends later that they're closing soon?Signature fries!!! All the sauces are amazing. Service for food can be a little slow but it's a great place to have a beer so you barely notice!Wow, how I miss the old US Hotel. After the renovations I had high hopes, I couldn't be more disappointed. I went for $5 wing night and it was disastrous to say the least. Service was horrendous. The food took very long, they charged me for the blue cheese that from my knowledge comes on the side of wings and the waitress had to retake our order 3 times (she never wrote it down). I was in a group of 5 and we each ordered wings...4 of the wings came and then 30 minutes later the 5th order of wings came. While eating the wings, I noticed it was particularly red towards the bone. When I say red, I mean bloody. I understand its meat, however NO ONE wants to bit into a chicken wing and taste metallically blood. I have never experienced that in my life. The previous US Hotel had a great vibe, consistently great/reliable food and unbeatable drink/food deals. I miss gouda fries, $5 chicken cutlet sandwiches on Wednesdays and 35 cent honey hot wings. I have never written a review here, but I was so disappointed with this experience I just had to relay my concerns.My friends and I were lured here for the $1 mimosas and $2 Bloody Mary's!  Seriously, how could we pass that up.  It's a cozy little restaurant with an Irish pub theme, right on Main Street.  I love the area of Manayunk, and if it wasn't for the lack of parking availability, I would visit more often!  It's the perfect place to walk around and find hidden gems, like this one.
We started off with some drinks and an order of the Gouda tater tots.  With everything else aside, this place would get five star reviews just for the tots!  A bowl filled with crispy potatoes, smothered in melted Gouda cheese, and topped with a generous amount of bacon chunks takes the prize for top notch brunch snacks!  For my meal, I chose the breakfast quesadilla with bacon, eggs, and cheese.  All the food was a bit overwhelming, so I couldn't even finish half of my meal.  
I will be coming back in the future to try out some other breakfast options and definitely get the Gouda tots again!  Perfect accommodation for small groups who don't mind a little crowdedness and noise.