My husband and I met some friends here the first time we visited the Ugly Moose. We did not eat but the beer selection was great and the price was right. A few weeks ago we went back and had some food. I think everything was prepared well and they even made accommodations for me (without complaints or mistakes). As we were leaving, the owner came up and asked us how our experience was. I thought it was nice that he was there checking up on the place. Even though it is casual dining, you can tell they are trying. We will definitely be going back.Good solid burger. Outdoor tables are also nice in good weather. We got there early (~6pm) so there was no wait and parking was free. I could see it getting a bit tough if you got there at 9 on a friday or saturday, but so that's par for manayunk really.I went here with a few friends for dinner and some march madness.  It was a great place to take in a few games.  It has the feel of a ski lodge from the north with a nice selection of beer on tap.
I would definitely recommend the wings! They are roasted and then flash fried for a perfect texture.  And the seasoning is really well put together.  Awesome.
I also had the P and G salad, which was mostly G (gorgonzola) and not so much P (pear), but it was good enough.  I should have known and just made the wings my meal.  I'm already craving more. Get it.The food is absolutely amazing and the beer choices are always wonderful. If you want a great mixed drink, go on a friday evening with Kurth bar-tending, he's amazing. My husband and I have been going here for 4 years and it is defiantly the best place to be when you want a nice bar/restaurant without the Main street atmosphere. The service is always great, grant it years prior they had some slow wait staff but that has changed. You don't wait much longer than you would at a big chain restaurant.The staff are always very pleasant, willing to offer suggestions and make accommodation to your needs/ wants. This is the place to be!Ugly moose is a restaurant bar in Manayunk area. Next door is Deke's BBQ, a semi-outdoor / garage bar. I think they have the same owner.
Went to Ugly Moose for dinner - the Adirondack sandwich was off the hook. Onion rings were a pleasant surprise too. Solid beer list as well.
I've heard good things about Deke's next door, so I'll check that out as well.The service from "Mark" the so called bartender, was HORRIBLE!  We order the crab dip and we were not crazy about it...he just could not believe that.  He continued to tell us nothing was wrong with the crab dip.  He preceded to ARGUE with us.  We asked for the owner to no avail.  He told us the owner would not care!  This was the worse restaurant experience EVER!!!!Awesome salmon entree, veggie burger, wings & chicken wrap. Haven't had a bad drink or food order yet. You won't be disappointedI totally agree with the food its Great. But the service is terrible in the Restaurant section.Thumbs up...only 1 complaint the mozzarella sticks are offensive but that Adirondack Filet is everything OMG....never had anything like it, it's simple but taste so darn good....and the meatloaf is awesome as well. I'll be back......oftenAll I can think about are chicken cheesesteaks. It's been hours since I had one at the Ugly Moose last night and still, sitting here at work, they're still all I can think about. 
The Moose is a comfortable getaway, offset from the road and offset from the rest of Philly. Good beers and great food- well-placed tv's make it a top notch joint to watch games at. They have the Garage too, even bigger and better tv's for the bigger games. 
It's a quality spot, a real honest & reliable place to go with a special lady or man friend or with a group of folks. You can't beat it and knowing that is one of the fun things that makes the Moose even better. If you want to experiment, get out there and get crazy- there are other places for that. But if you want to something you can trust, love, and really enjoy because of how it easy it is- the Moose is perfect.This is one of our favorite neighborhood bars. Cozy inside, not too large, in the winter they have a wood burning fireplace going.  
It has a  great beer selection on tap and a fantastic bar food menu, with some nicer plates mixed in. It's not very expensive and like the first review said, sort of off the beaten path.  
It does have the free valet parking because the lot is small and they stack the cars in there, but I've always had parking if we drive. 
Flat screen TVs to watch the games and great people working there!Great food, great atmosphere, usually not too crowded. They have a dip that is really great there. (Wish I could remember which one it is!) I have been here quite a few times and the service is always good, not too pricey for good food, and I've never had a problem getting a table.This is a pretty good place!. They do a decent quizzo. The waiter was super nice. We have had the nacho's, burgers and chicken wrap. They were all really great. We will def come back to this placeIt can get crowded but the atmosphere can't be beat. Chill place, good beers, not full of annoying college kids, and good food to boot.Basic fried food & sports environment - not really my thing. Our server was kinda rude and it took forever to get (correct) drinks. It was very loud.. even though we ate out side.Cool atmosphere, decent food. I had the Lorraine Burger. The burger was tasty but the bun was a bit too dense. I ended up only eating half the bun. Prices are pretty good for Manayunk. The only parking is valet parking, and the place is kinda hidden if you've never been there before.
I did notice inconsistencies in waitstaff. Our waiter told us specials, but when another table came in and sat next to us a different waiter told them there were no food specials. At first I thought it was just because of timing maybe, but then our same waiter seated a different table on the other side of us and offered them the food specials. Seems there is a lack of communication or training in the waitstaff.Poutine was good, more authentic Canadian I prefer the American version. Burger was pretty dam good. Waiter had a little attitude and somehow I happened to spot a mouse but it happens not a big deal. I enjoyed my mealWith great burgers, a fireplace, friendly staff, free parking & weeknight specials  (wednesday nights 2 for 1 burger night) the Ugly Moose is like a warm inviting ski lodge nestled in the hills of Manayunk.Went during the week. Not crowded at all. Not loud. By the time we left patrons were into a serious game of Quizzo. Our server was really nice and attentive. The menu is not huge but after hearing so much about it I like so many other got the Adirondack sandwich. I was not let down, it was delicious. I asked for medium and it was cooked a little pass medium but the meat was not tough. It came with some tasty sauce on it and provolone cheese. I asked them to add a fried egg. It was a perfect addition. I recommend it. Price was reasonable. Parking is a little had but besides that no other complaints.Went here again with my bro after he and my boyfriend moved a couch into our new apartment.  My brother got the chicken sandwich which he said was excellent ( there's a picture) and my boyf & I split 25 wings - which were pretty damn good - and they were half price due to the phillies game being on - so it was a win-win!!  
Good beer selection - they rotate a bunch of beers on tap and it's hard to beat half priced wings!!! Since we live right down the road it'll be a frequent stop - and I will consider it my duty to try new things and update my review! =)  you're welcome, yelpers!We sat at the bar and Mike was an awesome server. He was very attentive and had some great suggestions. We asked about the John's sauce wings and he said they're super good and popular. Well let me just say they were amazing! So were the spicy wings! My bf got the atomic chicken sandwich and loved it. The chicken was huge! I got the chicken panini and that  was decent. Nothing too special. I'd still highly recommend this place. The beer was great, service was great, and overall food was still pretty great. Would highly recommend the fries and especially Mike the bartender. Super nice guy.Great spot for food and beer. Had no problems with services. Servers were pleasant and prompt. Would recommend the ugly moose.Man - I used to go here all the time when I first moved to Manayunk - the service was great and the food was wonderful!!  It's been a while since we've frequented The Ugly Moose, but the service has fallen off the map - the food is still wonderful, but can't make up for the poor service we've gotten on our last two visits!!
Last week we came for dinner - the waiter was more concerned with sitting at his computer than waiting tables.  This week, the guy waiting on us was not interested at all with us - we were more of an inconvenience to his evening!  If it wasn't for "hey - we're still here" eye contact, we'd probably still be sitting there with empty glasses!!  
It honestly feels like they have people better suited for tending bar than waiting tables, but they can't fill that job, so they just make the bartenders wait the tables too!  It's really sad...I mean really sad!!  Maybe we'll give it a few months and try again, but it will be a while before we head back here again!!The Ugly Moose is one of those places that is so comfortable to be in.  People are friendly if you are sitting at the bar enjoying a game.  The bartenders and wait staff are friendly and accommodating.  The owner is a decent guy who had an unfortunate incident with a bear trap a few years back.  There is free valet parking in their lot, which for any bar is an amazing amenity!  You will always find the soccer channel on at least one TV, but not usually the main one.
We live in the area and go there a couple times a month to watch sports or hang out after a softball game, so I have tried a lot of the food.  I think the restaurant has some amazing bar food--burgers that are cooked perfectly and wings that are huge!  There is a nice variety of salads there too, but I wish there was a turkey burger to compliment the regular burgers and some guacamole for the nachos and quesadillas.  
The beer selection is top-notch with a rotating variety--you will almost always find something from Yards, Magic Hat and Rogue with Guinness or similar, Hoegarden and of course the standard Bud Light in nice, big 20oz glasses.Amazing beer options. Really great menu and my favorite part is the atmosphere they have created inside really cool feel. A big plus they have parking! Have never had a bad experience here.Went there on a recommendation.  It is a real treasure.  We were greeted  at the door by the manager, he informed us it would be a little bit of a wait.  The owner, JP came over and introduced himself and asked if he could bring us some appetizers and drinks while we wait.  So friendly like you are at someones home, except you need to pay for the food. We ordered the wings, so very good!  Make sure if you want vodka order it up with ice on the side. They have a nice selection of beers.  When we were seated the waitress came over and went for the menu and specials.  I went for the Adirondack Filet sandwich,  The meat was  tender and the dressing just right.  Instead of their delicious fries(which I took one from my husband's plate) I had a side salad.  They were extremely accommodating.  Towards the end of the meal the owner came over to see how our meals were.  All four were very good.  The others had burgers and they were down perfectly.  I will defiantly go back again to the Ugly Moose and also try Deke's BBQ next door.i like this spot, the place has some charm and love the wood burning stove when they have that going.  you step inside and you automatically forget you're in the city.  service can be hit or miss depending on who is behind the bar, waiters are always good though. food is great, wings, sandwiches, burgers. decent specials too.  i love taking my friends here who aren't from the area.  in the fall they have a cornhole league up there and that's fun to play in and hang out with everyone.One of our favorite spots! Great food and ambience. Almost always get the Adirondack (filet tip sandwich), because it's great, but recently tried the Country Chicken and it was great too.Fun! And yes, they do have tree stumps for seats, though I hope it's for show. Because do you want to sit on a tree stump? And pay for it? 
Drinks are good--any pour that makes me say "Yay!" is always welcome. The food is okay. Is there anywhere in the area where the food is made in house? Seriously, I'd love to know. 
If you have had poutine, do not get it here. Frozen fries, very little gravy, and...  mozzarella. Canada, I am sorry.Everything on this menu is delicious, including their desserts. They've got plenty of drinks to choose from, and the atmosphere is large and cozy at the same time. It has parking, which is definitely a perk. The only complaint I have is I went there once with a friend and we had to sit at the bar because there was some kind of college event happening in the main room and the bartender was quite engrossed in taking care of his friends that were at the bar. He was drinking with them and totally ignoring us/acting inconvenienced by us. It was pretty rude and if the food wasn't so good it would have put me off from coming back again. This place is definitely worth a look!We've been back once or twice and have not had a problem with the food being the right temperature.  Hopefully they're cognizant of the problem and making an effort to deal with it. I'm feeling better about the Moose these days...Went here totally on the Yelp reviews and could not have been happier.  I had my Daddy take me here, I am 1 yr old,  while Mommy was on a vacation and the staff was great, the food was really good and best of all, within a 5 minute walk.  This will be the restaurant of choice especially when Mommy returns cause it is family friendly while feeling like your in a neighborhood place.Friendly staff, interesting decor and welcoming feel.  Parking lot is a plus as well in this area of town.  Decent beer selection.  Cheesesteak Poutine wit onions makes the world go round.
Only gripe is sometimes when it's busy the bartenders can be a bit slow.Went here for the first time last night and wish I had a better experience. The food was excellent, I just wish the service to go along with it would have been better. Our server was a tall bald man and while he was nice the service was terrible. First we asked if there were any specials and he said no, even though there was a board inside that listed a $3 beer and $3 rum drink. Then, my boyfriend ordered wings and he said "well there's a special where if you order a pitcher you get 10 free wings."....Well, why didn't you tell us about the special when we asked?
Then, after all of the food came out, he did not come to check on us. We both had empty glasses and were waiting for him to come out to us ( we sat in the outdoor seating ) Finally he came out and brought someone else their food, but didn't even look our way! Next time he came out (we were done our entrees at this point) I flagged him down for a refill, and for the check. He dropped the check, then 20 minutes went by before we saw him again. He didn't step into the outside area. Finally, another employee came out to clean a table, and I told her we had been waiting 20 minutes for him to charge our card and asked her to please get our waiter for us. She looked at me, then at the check, took it along with my credit card, and walked away without saying a word. I was appalled. 10 minutes later our waiter came out and dropped our charged card and receipt at the table said "thanks" and walked away.
I really wish we would have had a better experience so we were inclined to come back, because the food and atmosphere are really nice! I think I'll give it another shot, maybe another waiter will be better, but this is not an impression to give your customers!I really like this place.  The interior is kinda neat with the ski lodge feeling.  Food (burgers!) are really good.  Wing, though a little pricey, are really addicting.  Decent beer selection for the area.
Nice place to go if you just want a relatively chill night drinking with friends.Friendly staff (Mac, Mike and Kim will take good care of you!)
Adirondack filet tips sandwich = off the hook! 
Wings are great and the weekly wing special is reason enough to go 
Live music featuring some great local talent
FREE parking and valet when it's crowded 
Convenient location off of Shurs Lane and if you live on Main Street or anywhere near, it's a great incentive to get some exercise in while huffing up the hill to the Ugly Moose oasis! 
Great vibe, unpretentious, great for crowds, great for families, great for date night... all around great restaurant and watering hole in the Yunk.My family moved to Roxborough 2.5 years ago. Many of my co-workers live in Roxborough and recommended The Ugly Moose for dinner and drinks. We have gone multiple times and am happy to say we have never been disappointed. No matter how busy, service is excellent, food is great and seating is never a problem no matter how many or few in our party.One of our usual go to places. Wood burning stove and lodgey interior make it unique. Wings are awesome, especially on Sunday with the half price wing special. Good beer selection. Burgers are good too. Adirondack filet tip sandwich is the husband's favorite. Free valet is a plus for the area.Came with a group from work on a Friday evening. The storefront is rather non-descript and looks a bit off-putting, but once you get inside restaurant it's nicer. The food, in my experience, was really nothing to write home about. I tried the fish and chips, and truly regretted not ordering the T.P.M. panini. When it arrived, it was visually appealing. Golden brown fish fillets, crispy looking chips, and a portion of slaw. The taste, however, did not match the looks. The chips were nice and crispy, but my fish was incredibly unappetizing: bland, tasteless, and wet. So much that it was soaking through the batter. I couldn't even finish it. Another member of the group had the same dish and echoed my sentiments about the visual appeal and lack of taste. Those who had the burgers (Adirondack) actually liked their meals. Me? I was appreciative of the side salad and chips that came with my meal.I probably won't be back because I'm not in this area often, but I'm satisfied that we ended up here.
When we arrived after driving all over looking for parking, we were surprised at the valet service. The guy was really nice and trustworthy. Getting out of the car, you are hit head to toe with the smell of BBQ from the place next door. Really puts you in the mood for a woodsy type atmosphere, which the Ugly Moose provided. 
Cute place inside, with very friendly staff. (Surprisingly empty for a Friday night around 9, but so was the rest of the town so I don't know what that was about). When they told us that their card machine wasn't working, they saved our seats for us as we ran next door to use the ATM. The bartender was a sweet heart, and made a sample of their raspberry beer mix immediately for my friend who wasn't sure if she would like it. (She didn't like it, but that's because she isn't a beer fan. I (a beer fan), didn't like it because I'm not a fan of raspberry. BUT- if you do like raspberry, it's a decent mix for a decent price.
I had $4 Hoegaardens all night, which were always quickly refilled. Friend had a few different mixed drinks, which were always made pretty strong! We also ordered wings right before the kitchen was closing (11:00 p.m.), which were tasty. Come in orders of 7, 13, and one other size- we got the mild sauce, which was just a touch on the spicy side, in a good way!
At the end of the night, we were a little weirded out by the gentleman taking a dump in the woman's restroom with the door unlocked.... so... there was that. 
All in all, nice place with nice people and a great atmosphere for conversation without having to scream over music.Want to get away to the Poconos but don't feel like driving? Go to the Ugly Moose.  This place has such a unique atmosphere - you don't feel like you are in Manayunk/Roxborough.  This place would get 5 stars if the bar service wasn't so slow! But their food is always consistently good - wings are excellent and so is the chicken cheesesteak.  Their craft beer selection is awesome! And the table service is usually good.  Overall, you can't go wrong!Ugly Moose is a Manayunk staple. It isnt your traditional Manayunk bar. You know the type, packed full of early 20 somethings, fighting to just get one beer. The Moose is a great place to go to enjoy a good meal and good beer.
Beers....They typically will have many craft beers on tap. Usually a few brewed locally. Along with that they have a wide selection of bottles. 
Food... The food here is much better then your typical bar. They take some pride in it and have a wide variety. I myself dont have a signature go to dish but there is a wide selection so you shouldnt be hard pressed to find something good.
Location.... The location here is a bit off the beaten path. This could be a good or bad thing depending on your view. It isnt surrounded by other bars and is instead surrounded in more of a neighborhood than anything else. 
Ultimately this is a great bar to go to if you are trying to get away from the normal run of the mill of Manayunk. If you are looking for a relaxing bite to eat with good beer, give this place a try.I love this place and am so bummed they are closing. The Adirondack Filet sandwich is always my go to sandwich and is always on point, haven't been let down once, Its so money baby. The employees are always polite and really make you feel comfortable when you are in there. Sad to see them go but I'll be sure to be in there again before they close.We go to the Moose pretty often for lunch and dinner, and love it.  They usually have a pretty decent selection of beer on tap, and the food is very good.  I highly recommend the Adirondack sandwich, which has slices of filet mignon with provolone cheese, peppercorn dressing, and horseradish sauce.  Pretty awesome!
It's also a great place to go on a cold winter's night.  They have a great fireplace that is always roaring and fun Canadian themed decorations.Great food, great beer, service was friendly but slow. I had the crab cake sandwich, but I think the star of the menu is the filet sandwich. Definitely a hidden gem of Manayunk, tucked away on Shurs Ln.Great place. Great beer selection and consistent food; although the veggie burger used to be a LOT better. Now it's kind of mushy and falls apart. But that's pretty much my only complaint. Quizzo is fun, the servers are pretty friendly, and the wings are delicious. Definitely a great local bar.This is more of a food review.
I visited the Ugly Moose with a group of four. Everyone's meals were mediocre. The two different pasta dishes that my hubby and I ordered were just ok. 
My friends are fans of buffalo wings but were disappointed with them here. Alright, they hated the wings. They complained about them the whole time. Not spicy enough and not enough meat on them. 
I guess it can be a good hangout, whether it's two people or a big group. The decor is nice, has some local historic photos on the walls. It's a big place for this area, and it's got that going for it. 
Meh.Hidden away from the madness of main street Manayunk up Shurs lane, it took me two years of living in Manayunk before I found the Ugly Moose (right before I moved to Center City).  But a great discovery it was.  Every month or two I come back to order the Adirondack Filet, which is one of the most incredible sandwiches I've ever had... I wish that Philadelphia was associated with this sandwich rather than the lowly cheesesteak, way more tourism comin our way.  Anyway it's chopped Filet Mignon on a roll with cheese and peppercorn dressing, really good, just get it.  
The rest of the menu is solid as well, but when I've ordered something other than the Filet I've wished I hadn't ventured away.  If I had to pick my 2nd favorite thing on the menu... it's the wings, some of my favorite wings in Philly.
Great beer selection as well it's always changing and is always a nice variety.Have been going here for years and I highly recommend it.  The owner is a real nice guy and the people who work here are also nice.. Its a real nice cozy place and in the winter the fireplace going makes it feel like a real ski lodge inside, Now for the food and drink. All the food is very good but the real stars are the meat loaf, the Adirondack filet sandwich, the chicken cheesesteak, burgers and the Tuesday night all you can eat king crab legs special. The bar is attractive and there are enough TVs there to watch all the big games. There is an excellent group of beers on tap and there are some real good specials on different nights of the week.. Free parking in the courtyard is wonderful.  The  service for food can be sometimes be a little slow so if you are not rushed its a good thing.. In fact, I am going tonight for the all you can eat crab legs and the Stella Artois beer special and to watch the Eagles on Tuesday Night Football.This is a great place to come and watch sports while having a good meal.  The atmosphere is great and the burgers are delicious!  If you're looking for good food with not a lot of fuss this is the place to go!Not surprised this place didn't make it. If you can't make a decent poutine, don't put it on your menu. Plus it was always closed. Not just on holidays, but on random days. I was nice in my original review but we never went back. Think that says it all.Customer service is huge for me when I dine out. There seemed to be only one waiter there the numerous times I've been there. He doesn't write down the orders and it seems like every time I went he forgot something. Needless to say poor customer service.A group of us went here for dinner in March 2015 after reading some of the reviews on here.. Let's start with the service. It seemed more like our server was doing us a favor when asked for anything from a refill for drinks and even worse when it came time to order.  When we asked. for example, to change the cheese on a sandwich from mozzarella to provolone. He said he would have to put that in the computer special and since "they were both stringy what was really the difference"- basically- stick to the menu so he didn't have to figure out how to enter a special request. This happened several times with just minor requests, any deviation from the menu was way too much to ask and he made sure to let us know. If that wasn't bad enough then the food came.  We ordered the crab dip which was definitely made from old crab as it certainly had an unpleasant smell and aftertaste.  The word AWFUL comes to mind. The chicken wings were a pleasant surprise as was the Bleu Cheese dressing.  
For the main meal, a few of us got chicken paninis, one side was completely burnt the other barely cooked as it was never turned over on the grill leaving it a bit undercooked. The beef faired slightly better, but not worth the 45 minute car ride.
All in all the meal was definitely tasteless and bland. The place also needs a good cleaning which is why I am certain the lights are on so low even in the afternoon. I wonder who submitted the 4 star reviews? Did we really eat in the same place?Quiet place in the neighborhood and great place to enjoy a meal of burgers, wings, steaks with our family. Plus great gin & tonics too.A Hidden Gem 
Someone local to the neighborhood mentioned this place to me so me and my friend decided to check it out. 
Complimentary Valet Parking
Clean and Cozy Atmosphere 
We had Spicy Bbq wings on our first visit and the Adironack Filet Sandwich. Both were superb. Our cocktail choice was the La Poloma which was quite tasty as well. Marty was our server and provided excellent service. 
Well we went back. This time is was a slow not so it was self parking. Ronny was our server and he was very friendly knowledgeable and courteous. He has the Filet Sandwich again and the wings with Johns (honey mustard) sauce as our appetizer. The wings were heaven sent. 
The Ugly Moose is our new favorite spot in Manayunk. Great Job!!!I have to admit- wasn't entirely sure what to expect from the Ugly Moose. Was it going to be a mad sketch bar or a hopping, run of the mill dive spot in Manayunk. I'm thrilled to say it was neither!
I was totally blown away by its small little corner of town with its own parking and patios. The vibe was rural, yet totally hip at the same time. The legit wood stove inside and tree stump stools only adds value to this impression. 
Sitting down was different. I glanced at the menu and wasn't immediately impressed. Especially with the nachos. I have to order nachos anywhere I go! When I saw that these were pretty run of the mill, my heart sank. However, the house chilli that came generously applied to them could legitimately win a cook off prize! By the time I was done with the nachos, I half way wished I had just gotten a bowel of that stuff! While the chips were totally generic, I've since decided that I shouldn't expect homemade chips from this place, as it doesn't seem to fit. However, I will say that replacing the Acme Special chips with homemade potato chips would deliver a phenomenal food experience. 
The beer taps were amazingly fresh- probably the best taps I've had in Manayunk, which says a lot since the bars are almost as common as stray cats. 
The icing of the experience was the staff. Quite attentive and friendly. 
Hands down, this will be a permanent haunt for me while living in Manayunk!Went here upon our move to Philly - incredible service! Highly recommend the filet sandwich -best filet I've ever had!!!Good place with parking.Had a great burger even if it took a little long it was worth it.The waiter was so nice and took my glass of wine off the bill for the wait.Cozy decor with wood burning stove.Like!I heard about the Ugly Moose by word of mouth (don't think I ever would have found it otherwise).  Its located several blocks up Main Street on Shurs Lane, entrance through a side street that opens into a courtyard shared with a barbecue restaurant. The restaurant building itself has no signage, but you will know that you are in the correct place with you go inside and see the giant moose head on the wall (lol).  
This place has a somewhat dive-y atmosphere, it is very dark, and it was cold inside the restaurant on the evening of our visit. This is the kind of place where I hesitate to use the bathroom, and fortunately there was no need so I can't tell whether it was clean or not.  There were some random flies and gnats in the dining room.
The service was very pleasant, and the selection of draft beers was interesting with an emphasis of IPA styles and seasonal pumpkin ales. We enjoyed the Founders Centennial IPA, it has  lots of floral/hoppy aromas and is ery smooth and drinkable.  
Also tried the Southern Tier Pumpking Ale which was served in a tulip glass (8.6% ABV). This beer was very flavorful but more of a sipping beer, creamy and somewhat sweet with aroma of pumpkin pie spice.  I think this beer would be excellent as a "dessert" beer but was not exactly what you would want to wash down a plate of wings with.
Speaking of wings, we ordered a plate of the hot wings, which were flavored with a tasty spice rub, and had just the right amount of heat (I don't like food that is so spicy I can't taste anything else but pepper).  
The Ugly Moose has nightly specials, and as it was a Tuesday we took advantage of the 1/2 price salads and quesadillas to round out our meal.  The quesadillas were fine, I really liked the "Kirkland" salad which included a giant pile of spinach, lots of smoky bacon, crisp apple slices, a large glob of goat cheese and dressed with cider vinaigrette. It was really delicious and when they say the salads are "Jumbo" they aren't lying, This salad could be shared as a first course among 3-4 people.  As it was the 2 of us only managed to eat about half of it.
The prices here are very moderate, and the specials made it a very good value. Overall an enjoyable meal, excellent beer, and I would return.The Adirondack Sandwich in a nutshell..
Great bun.
Great sauce.
Good meat. (filet) 
Good sandwich.
The fries and wings were delicious and they had a decent selection of beers. Their lemonade was that fake sugary crap and therefore terrible. I would definitely go back for the Adirondack but would probably try one of their burgers.Loved this place. I came here one night for a quick dinner with a friend and was pleasantly surprised. 
We started with a couple of beers that were on tap and not got their gigantic salads (she got hers with chicken on top and I ordered wings on the side) We had planned on getting dessert but the wings were so good and the salads so big we just couldn't. 
Next time I'm in roxborough I'll be back for a brew and some wings!Stopped in during our stay in Philadelphia, glad we did.
Food: Everything was great, no complaints. We tried wings (half off for happy hour) with John's Sauce. John's sauce is a mixture of honey mustard and buffalo sauce-- it's worth trying! The Teriyaki and Barbeque wing sauces were also really yummy. The fries were good fries also. OH AND DRINKS! They serve a bunch of mixed drinks including moscow mules. You can also order the ginger beer by itself, along with multiple other tap beers.
Service: Our waiter was so friendly. We noted that the pint glasses our beers were served in were very patriotic and he offered to let us take home one of the glasses. That was a treat! Plus, our waiter did a great job by telling us about happy hour specials. He regularly checked on our table as well.
Price: Happy hour deals are a $3 can and half off wings (on the bone).
Location: Ugly Moose shares a parking lot with another barbeque restaurant, so don't bother with street parking. The building itself is partly hidden from street view. There is outdoor as well as indoor seating.
Ugly Moose, if we are in the area again, then we will definitely return!Usually have a good experience there. Went a few weeks bsck, and the server had no personality. the Adirondack was bland. service was slow and it was a light crowd.The Ugly Moose is a nice little spot, tucked away from all the hustle and bustle of Main Street. We came here in search for a delicious burger, close to home. We've been know to drive out to the Fall Taproom when in need of a nice, comforting burger, but we decided to try out The Ugly Moose since it was right up the street. 
The meal turned out to be delicious! We started out with the Perogies and the Crab Dip. Both were nice portions and were super tasty. The Perogies came from the Perogie Kitchen over on Rox Ave & Henry Ave. The Crab Dip was nice and meaty and was accompanied by delicious bread and chips.
Once it was burger time, I got the Bleu and Onion burger and my lady got the Cheddar Bacon Burger. Both were cooked to perfection and were wonderfully delicious. They even came with some delicious beer battered fries on the side.
This place looks like a great spot to come and watch a game. They have a nice big bar, and plenty of TV's, so you can watch the game from anywhere in the restaurant. They also have a big selection of Craft Beers.
My only gripe was the sort of slow service, but they only had 2 people on staff and one of those people was in training, so in reality they had one server for the whole restaurant, so he was running around like a mad man. Not his fault, but you'd think they would staff correctly on a Football Sunday during dinner rush.
Regardless, we will be back for sure. Venture up Shurs Lane and try this gem. Don't miss the signs for the restaurant tough, because it's tucked away in a back parking lot....I love the Moose!
This is a cool place to have a burger, a beer, a glass of wine, play trivia or watch the game on one of their large flat screen televisions.
The food is unbelievable.  My personal favorite is the USA burger, a hand pressed work of art on a bun.   The atmosphere is friendly and quirky, and yes, there is a moose.   I won't visit Philadelphia without stopping by the Moose for a great meal and to say hello to JP, the owner.  By far one of my favorite places to drink and dine.
It's a little off the beaten path, so keep your eyes peeled.
http://www.theuglymoose.com/The food here is pretty good, if a bit pricy for a bar. There are good deals on weeknights though. And the tap list is usually great. Good atmosphere in the bar area. I live in the area and it's a staple for a quick drink or two or to watch a game.Went with a few people for happy hour and had a good time.  They have their own lot so there's plenty of parking if you get there early enough for happy hour.  (the lot did seem pretty packed by the time I left)
For decor, it's a relaxed chill log cabin feel.  Moose heads on the wall and antiquishy photos on the wall keep you entertained as well.  
Had their wings.  Had the regular and the John's sause wings.  The regular wings were decent.  You're average good wings.  I enjoyed the John's wings a lot more.  Really wish I had not split the wing and just gotten my whole batch in the John's sauce.
Garden Salad was great!  Fresh and for 5 bucks it definitely was a steal.  Also had the TPM panini with and it was pretty delicious.  All around a good bar to go hang out with a bunch of friends.  With above average food and decent drink selections on tap.  ^.^Bout time to update my review of The Moose.  I've lived around this place for years, and its consistently been a notch above the local neighborhood restaurant/bar.  
Recent (sort of) menu change has yielded a new assortment of specials.  Monday night $20 app and two burger special is really nice.  Paired with $3 - 20 oz Bud Lites during sporting events is great.
Easy parking and a wood fired oven in the dining area are added perks to this very hidden gem.As a bar: Huge bar, big space, decent pour, parking lot (a big deal in Roxborough). Great space. Deserves all the attention they getUpdating it....after living in the area for a year, it's the go-to spot for food and beer.  
Hands down the best neighborhood bar in the area.
When you go to a bar, you want a vast variety of beer and drink selections and they'll make any drink you want and they rotate at least 10 if not more than 15 beers on tap and always have something different.  You also want great bar food and there is no shortage of either.
Their wings are my favorite in the area and the $3 Labatt cans never get old.  They have specials every day of the week and no matter what day or night I go in there, it's never elbow to elbow and always a fun setting.
Their wings are my favorite in the area, their burger is most excellent and the cheesesteak is better than both of those places on Henry.  I always want to try the filet sandwich but I never get past the wings on the menu....it will happen soon.
The ambiance is awesome.  Think Canadian log cabin.
Hands down, it's the place to go for excellent food and to try a beer you've never had before.A bunch of us went here on a Saturday night. After a couple pit stops around Manyunk we ended up at the Ugly Moose which was the only place with seating. 
I have to say that I really liked the Ugly Moose. It was like a cross between a hillbilly sports bar and a casual family restaurant. The place is Canadian themed and all the food is likewise named after Canadian or Native American places/tribes/landmarks. They have a couple T.V.s which were playing the usual sports and news. The building is incredibly open and feels like an Adirondack cabin. 
The food itself is great. We ordered their wings which were covered not smothered in buffalo sauce. The burgers and sandwiches came with a satiating helping of fries that were perfectly crisped. My chicken breast was huge but despite the great preparation, it was evident that they ordered their food from Sysco or some other factory packed food supply company. 
Altogether a great experience. I would go again. 
P.S. the beer list is a bit smallThe atmosphere was great. I liked the rustic feel. Food was ok, service was not great. We had everything we needed, and the food came in a timely manner but the server was not friendly at all, and even seemed annoyed that we were even there. There was only one other table when we arrived so it wasn't busy, yet the server was very cold, said very little, and often said nothing to you except give you an annoyed look when you made simple requests like more water (which was only asked for once.) If your just looking for a place to eat and hang out with friends and don't care about the service, then this place is good.More and more I learn that it is places like this that really embodies Manayunk: Good food, good people, good atmosphere. 
Main street may be Philadelphia on training wheels, but the bars hiding on the hill are the good stuff. The Ugly moose is the perfect example. 
The decoration cracks me up... The chefs are professionals who know how to cook. Don't believe me try the filet sandwich... yes I said sandwich. I never have an issue with the beverages... they even tried to make a pear martini for a girl I was with (I heard her order it, and I wanted to punch her myself... but the bartenders tried which is a lot more than I would do if I was bartending)
Meet the owner if you can too... he is a good guy.Came here with our son who lives in Philadelphia. We really enjoyed and the food was good. Definitely will come back.Sooo I have to admit I avoided checking this place out because of the exterior, but never judge a book by it's cover folks! Finally checked this place out after my roomies raved about it and loved it! One of the best burgers I had in a long time and the beer selection not too shabby :)Being from Western PA I'm picky about my wings.  The Ugly Moose does not disappoint; meaty, good quality wings and a handful of delicious sauces to choose from ("Regular" and "John's Sauce" are my favorite).  And even better, these awesome wings are half-priced on Sundays.  There always seems to be some sort of beer on special - typically a $3 domestic and every so often we're happy to find $4 craft beer specials.   If you need to drive, the large lot with FREE parking is great, and street parking is usually not an issue.  Service is fast and friendly.  They typically don't open until late afternoon-ish which is disappointing on that Saturday afternoon when you may need a big, reasonably priced meal and perhaps an afternoon beer, but it's definitely worth the wait!I've been here twice now and I love the atmosphere-- The bartender was friendly and the food really good. I got the tomato/basil/mozzarella sandwich; love the panini, not impressed with the overdressed ceasar salad.  I was impressed by the draft beer selection-- some unique stuff here!  Complimentary valet parking, but also ample street parking if you don't want to deal with it.  There's a wood-burning stove/fireplace; it makes the place very homey, but be prepared to go home smelling a bit like smoke (and beware if you have a sensitivity to smoke).  Nice to be at a bar that's not filled with drunk people or loud partiers.This bar is great! Food is amazing and staff is super friendly. They are our softball sponsor so I go quite often. I especially love their specials!Get the bbq chicken sandwich! Its great as is the atmosphere, crowds at night, and the bar scene doesn't look to shabby either although I never sat and enjoyed a beer here...As I've posted before, we really love this place, HOWEVER, we have now had several BAD experiences here and I'm a little fed up. Staff is always nice about it but... I've taken my in-laws here 3-4 times over the last year or so and EVERY time we've had a problem with our food. Every time!!! I don't know if it's because we go for lunch on a weekend but they're doing something wrong. Fries were cold (every time), Adirondack ($16) sandwiches were cold (every time), toasted bread (not warm), soda (no seltzer all syrup),  asked for an extra blue cheese for wings - never came.
This place is usually good but they're kitchen has to get they're cook times together or their servers need to get orders out. Also, when it's obvious your soda line has no more gas, DO NOT serve uncarbonated syrup!!!
We'll go back but we're not going with anyone but ourselves. It just never seems to work out. I hope our next experience is better and I hope someone there reads this and does something to address this.