The food here is good, but the service is SO excruciatingly slow. At the end of the meal we asked for the check twice. Yikes. However, it's run by some kind people, so there's always that. Had the summer spring rolls. I'm not a huge fan of fake meat so I wasn't thrilled that vegan ham was in there, but whatever, they were good. Bf had the vegan cheesteak. He liked it, but I'm just sayin'..if you want a vegan cheesesteak it might be better to get it at Blackbird. That thing is HARD to beat.
The vegan chow mein was nice and healthy with lots of vegetables. The music was a bit weird for the atmosphere - lots of R&B. The decor was also weird but I think that's because this place used to be a Loving Hut, I believe? Loving Huts are known for looking odd. A LITTLE bit on the creepy side but if you're vegan and you're in the area I guess it's okay. I would just recommend Blackbird pizza over this joint if you're vegan and want some salads or sandwiches. Just my two cents!Great place! Love the broccoli soup and the ocean sushi! The bubble tea is awesome! It's more of a creamy drink than a juiceThe Healthy Rice platter is amazzzinngg. The Vegan cheesecake is amazing! The Sweet potato fries are awesome! The avocado sushi rolls... ARE MY FAVORITE! 
Omg. Please just go here and experience it yourself! Love this place. Such a sweet little spot. Perfect for date night, with heart shaped bowls. ;)Spending most my time with a Vegetarian, I love random discoveries of veggie friendly establishments.  Bonus : All Vegan!
This place is adorable. We weren't too hungry and I was craving a bubble tea so we snagged a Taro tea in addition to a summer roll with tofu and avocado.  The staff, friendly and welcoming, created a very comfortable environment.
The summer roll was great. light and fresh.  Accompanied by a peanut sauce I would gladly eat this roll daily and have no guilt in doing so!  My taro tea was refreshing and the tapioca was perfectly squishy!!  
Our visit was simple and quick and I plan on returning to explore more of the menu that so many of my fellow yelpers have raved about.This place has tasty vegan food at a good price. I would say it's more "home-style" food with an Asian flare. It's yummy, but definitely not gourmet. I typically come here for lunch, because they don't serve alcohol, so it's not really a good dinner spot. Also, the atmosphere is pretty tacky, definitely not a place I'd go on a first date! Oh, they also have vegan bubble tea, which I HIGHLY recommend!Service sucks...got my food after my partner finish his...only ice cream for on milk shake? are you kidding me?i will give them 0 starsMy friend and I stopped by here because we were both craving smoothies. I ordered the Strawberry Banana smoothie, and she ordered the Mango Pineapple.
Overall, I was not impressed. The smoothie was excessively sweet; I couldn't drink more than half of it because each sip tasted like shots of strawberry syrup. Also, the smoothies are not made with 100% fresh fruit. My friend's smoothie was made with mango syrup and pineapple syrup-- not even fruit juice. Mine had a banana blended in, but the added sugar completely overpowered the taste, so it didn't matter anyways.
I don't see myself coming back to Vegan Tree. The price of the smoothies aren't bad ($4 each), but there is a $15 card minimum, so we had to pay a surcharge on the ATM. If you're going to visit this restaurant, bring cash and stick with non-smoothie items and you'll probably be fine.The food and service is great. Ordered the vegan Mac and cheese, chocolate milkshake, passion fruit bubble tea, and chocolate cake. Everything tasted awesome :)We enjoyed our meal from Vegan Tree the other night. We got take-out and ordered a large portion of the roasted vegetables and the eggplant sandwich. The roasted vegetables were very good - I enjoyed the unique selection of veggies and the fact that they were perfectly cooked without any unnecessary sauces. The eggplant sandwich was only okay. The tofu on the sandwich was INSANELY salty. I don't know what happened, but it was like licking a salt stick! EIther way, the food was fresh and the employees were extremely friendly. I will return to try some other options.Very sweet lady behind the counter was really patient with me as I tried to figure out what to order (b/c everything sounded so good). I loved the decor of the restaurant, it was earth-conscious, warm and inviting. It's also in a great neighborhood near lots of other trendy spots. I had the taro bubble tea and "cheese steak" which were both incredibly delicious. Vegan Tree is definitely my new go-to eatery in Philly.This place is so underrated and amazing. Every item I've tried on the menu over the years is incredible-- the cheesy bread, chocolate milkshake, coffee bubble tea, healthy rice, vegan tree wrap, vegan tree sandwich, the golden nuggets -- all so filling and tasty consistently. Friendly service, adorable positive atmosphere, and cute decor. Fast service as well :) all around great. Can you tell I'm a fan? Young 20-something's and children would love this place. Give them your money!I was really looking forward to having lunch at this spot. The menu selection seemed ideal so I ordered a lunch special: sushi, salad & bubble tea.
It was all just ok. Nothing worth writing home about. My friend ordered the nuggets and they were lackluster as well.
But, I have to add: the service was impeccable. The owner was patient, explained everything well and delivered our food in a timely fashion.Awesome music, super laid back vibe. You can stop in with friends for dinner, a solo lunch, or just to grab a smoothie on the run, all the food was super fresh, I had the avocado aushi. AMAZING. Also the vegan tree special smoothie was awesome. At 2:30 pm it was a light but filling and satisfying lunch. (Also air conditioned unlike my beloved govindas) support your local vegan spots! This place is great.Just visiting philly for a few weeks for work and I'm always on the look out for some sweet vegan joints. I wish I never came to this one  first of all it took us about twenty minutes to get a water and we ordered some appetizers and one never came. I got the creamy garlic sauce pasta and it tasted like mayo mixed with noodles and some broccoli added in. Meanwhile it's been about 45 minutes, and my friend hasn't even got here juice she ordered. We gave up about an hour later of just sitting there waiting. Very poor service and food was bland. The lady still charged me 30 dollars! Two thumbs down !I love this place. I haven't had anything I didn't like, and their creamy garlic pasta is just perfect when I'm in the pasta mood (it's not everyone's cup of tea, my aunt dislikes the pasta, but loves other things on the menu). I also think that their vegan cheesesteak is the best one in the city, and isn't raved over nearly enough. 
They also have a great selection of vegan shakes, and their salads - incredible, it's really a place where you can have a delicious healthy meal or can decide to go a little more junky.DELICOUS!!! 
It's nice to finally find vegan milk shakes that aren't watery, as well as a philly cheese steak that tastes like a cheese steak! Loved it so much. Also got the golden tenders and they were crisp and the sauce was perfect.This is a quaint little place. It's nice to see the range of vegetarian options in Philadelphia. It was quite deserted when my friend and I went there but the staff were friendly and helpful. If anything they could use more business, so if you're reading this I suggest you stop by!
I had bubble tea and the flavor I tried was a bit too sweet for my tastes. That being said, I really support what they are doing here and I would give them another try. The world could use more vegetarian restaurants.A cute little vegan spot on South Street! The interior decor is simple yet adorable. There are written lost-it notes on the wall so you can check them out ehile wait for your food. The place is also clean and cozy. 
The menu offers a decent selection of vegan options from burgers, wraps, salads, sushi, noddle, rice to bubble teas. I ordered the spicy pot, mild spicy level. If you don't eat spicy food, there is a non-spicy version as well. The spicy pot is a perfect choice for winter however you can certainly get it year round :) It is very flavorful and the seasoning is just right. For $8, I think this dish is totally worth the money since you will feel pretty full afterwards. 
Overall, I would go here again to try other options on the menu or just to get the spicy pot again cause it's that good ;)
I only give it 4 stars because they only have one bathroom for the entire restaurant.Based on the reviews and the overall yelp ranking I expected better.  Place looks very cheesey (pardon the pun for a vegan restaurant) when you walk in.  Not many baked options at least when we were there.
As to the smoothies, they were ok, but note they do not appear to use any fresh fruit.  Frankly a generic place like smoothie king is better.  Also, although bubble tea is listed separately they will still place the tapioca pearls in your smoothie so beware if you are like us and avoiding those pearls after the reports of the associated dangers.  
The staff is nice enough but there are better options and I doubt we'll be back.Very nice cute place. Not the cleanest bathroom. Cheesesteak was a little ordinary and small. But i would go back to try other items on the menu.The Vegan Tree (used to be the Loving Hut) is a little strange. They used to have television monitors with foreign religious shows blasting and really weird pamphlets in the window. Now they have kind of cleaned it up and renamed it. The people are really nice, the prices are pretty good, and the food is really good. My favorite thing to get is the Vegan Tree Sandwich, which is marinated tofu, whole sprigs of cilantro, and onions on a toasted hoagie roll. It's delicious!!! It is kind of secretive and weird but I like it.My mom and I were visiting Philadelphia and of course wanted to have a Philly Cheesesteak. Both of us are Vegan so we searched out a Vegan Philly Cheesesteak and were not disappointed. The people are really nice the Cheesesteak was sooo good and I also recomend the Ginger Ale, it has real ginger in it. Wish we could have gone back again while on our vacation...better yet, I wish there was a Vegan Tree in San Diego.I've been here three times now and can confidently recommend Vegan Tree. The food is tasty, affordable, and guilt-free. It's a great place for a casual lunch, and it's my go-to place now for vegan friends coming into the city.
In particular, I recommend the eggplant burger, but I have yet to try something I didn't like.I'm all for reducing cruelty, but after seeing three roaches while I ate there, I've decided not to return. That and the server was on the phone the entire time. I was the only one who was there. That speaks volumes.My husband and I visited Vegan Tree for the first time for lunch on 11-10-12 and I was delightfully pleased with the food! My husband ordered the Vegan Cheese steak and stated it was very tasty and I ordered the Summer rolls and the Vegan Chow mein. the portion size for the Chow mein was very hearty, I actually asked for a to-go box and ate the rest for dinner.
The staff was very friendly. For dessert, we ordered the Carrot Cake. I also had mine to-go. It was absolutely delish!! I will definitely be visiting Vegan Tree again. The restaurant is very quaint and cozy; nothing fancy, but the food I had was very good!I eat here often when in the South Street area! The Asian veggie plate is to die for! The butternut squash soup is great and feels good going down your throat...not to mention how cute it is in its own little heart shaped bowl. Although, its a tight squeeze getting to your seat...the fresh squeezed watermelon juice will have you squeezing to your seat quite often! One of my favorite spots to eat alone!The food was SO DELICIOUS. I enjoyed the cheesesteak and the fried rice. They were so friendly here. I don't live in Philly but I definitely will be coming back!!!!Vegan Tree is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I am not a vegan, nor am I vegetarian, and I still find the menu to include delicious, satisfying, and filling meals for a good price. The staff are extremely friendly, and they often play lovely quirky music. If you are a meat-eater, don't be put off, because you're sure to find something on the menu that will satisfy you!I only got a smoothie, so I can't speak for the food, but it was pretty yummy and the lady who works there is nice and friendly. It was kind of expensive for just a drink, but pretty good. I probably won't come here again because it wasn't terribly memorable. Also because I don't live in Philly.Once again, I had an excellent meal at Vegan Tree. Even if you are not a vegan, try this place. It has excellent service and a great selection of foods.  I personally like the vegetable dish where you select two or four veggie dishes, and my favorites are the pumpkin and the chinese eggplant. But today, I ventured from my comfort zone and got the Vegan tree hoagie which was lovely bread filled with lettuce, cilantra and some kind of faux meat.  Delish.  Best of all though was the appetizer, a sushi roll that contained faux shrimp and a soup that was made of pumpkin and chickpeas.  
Great Service. Great Prices. Great Selection of food. Oh, and did I mention the chocolate cake that they bake fresh on the premises.  Yummy!Very good hot pot! Very nice people fast service. Would recommend it. I'm not even vegan and can't get enough.I was so thrilled when I found this place on Yelp for my friend Alane. Vegan philly steak sandwich! We used to love them - the real ones anyway! And this was actually a really good alternative. Satay probably... but sweet and yummy. Not quite big enough - we split one and some other dishes - I could have easily eaten one myself. But the sandwich itself is a 4 star. The place was empty on Friday at 11am. We had to busy ourselves to wait for them to open. But it felt a bit awkward, no one else there. The place itself is awfully cute - but not quite enough of a restaurant feel to it. There little post-its on the wall with notes that customers have left and little drawings, So cute, but I didn't see any post its to make my own. The chicken fingers dish was nothing like chicken fingers. Kind of like some small pizza-shaped slices of chicken roll. And the potatoes were good, but in no way roasted as advertised. Well seasoned, steaming hot, but an odd dish to serve - no crunch and all. So I liked this place, but I wouldn't rush back next time, instead I'd try some other spot.I spent the day in Philadelphia doing the historical hike with my son. You can't go to Philly and not eat a Philly cheese steak.  So happy this vegan restaurant was in the area.  I had the Philly cheese steak and it was ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!!!Amazing vegan food! You can't come to Philadelphia without getting a cheesesteak and the Vegan Tree has the best one! The smoothies are fabulous, the hot pots perfection, the sushi sublime, and the summer rolls lovely! We loved the jasmine tea, the atmosphere of love and gratitude, and the most incredible cook/waitress (she does it all!) I wish I could take this place back to Texas with me!I've been here twice before, and the first time I ordered the taro iced bubble tea (smoothie version) so good!...
 i will give four stars because i have yet to try the other things on the menu, and i would solely go back here for the bubble tea :~) well doneWe have eaten at the Vegan Tree a number of times and it is ALWAYS GREAT.  The food tastes really great and it tastes very fresh.  I always leave there feeling really happy that I went.  The people are really nice.  I just realized that I am putting the word "really" in front of everything, but it is to just drive home the point that the Vegan Tree REALLY is a GREAT restaurant.Excellent food , favorites include joy rice, avocado sushi, smoothies were awesome! Tried the strawberry blueberry smoothie, it was unbelievably tasty!!Semi-Solid vegan food that gets the job done if there aren't too many other options. Tried the vegan steak, nuggets, vegan tree wrap and vegetable rolls. Service is friendly but on the slow side (we called ahead and still ended up waiting about 10 minutes) so I wouldn't recommend them  if you are in a hurry or on a quick lunch break.My original review from 13 Jul 2012
Vegan Tree
I really liked this place, but not a huge fan of one thing I ordered. 
The spring rolls were amazing, let me repeat, AMAZING! But for my entrée I ordered the vegan cheese steak. It was strange. Let me explain... The seitan was cooked well, but the sauce covering it (and there was a lot of it) tasted of cinnamon and ginger, such a strange taste. My bf commented that it smelled like cinnabuns - too bad I ordered it to go because I would have asked for something else. 
Just one off putting thing. I heard them microwaving food...you can hear the "ding" when your food is ready.Very over priced compared to other places in the city even in the area. Don't go here. Do not. Trust me. It's not the best either. I got like half a sandwich (maybe the size of the small from subway) and four tiny burnt pieces of cracker sized toast for darn near $18. No. The quality and size both lack. So mad at myself right now. Would never buy from here again. I wanted my money back the minute I saw the man bring my food from the microwave over to the lady to slap it on some toasted bread. I'm done with them. Cross them off the list forever. Dooooone.
P.s. and their "ketchup" tastes like they added water and sugar to it. Runny and overly sweet! What the heck was that? Did you take a near empty bottle and try to stretch it out by adding water and sugar? Yuck! Shame on you!I am from NY but I will be coming back ! Loveddd everything I ordered 
Vegan Cheese steak, blueberry smoothie, &summer roll. They were delicious and made immediately I would definitely recommend too if you haven't found a good cheesesteak yet or if your vegan and wanted to always try.The $6+ "chickpea soup" is literally a half can of chickpeas in the can water heated up. They throw that in a blender with  garlic powder I would not otherwise know about except I watched this being made. It was bland and I feel ripped off. I needed something to get me through a dance class, but this was definitely not it. 
I don't know what they're doing with their huge profit margin because the only bathroom door has a beat-up sign saying "toilet doesn't work."
Never again. Don't do it to yourself. Not even for tea. Let them fail and bring us some real cooking.Yum! I love the summer rolls so much. I'd come here just for that. But then I had a serving of the cheesy bread and realized this is possibly my favorite restaurant on South Street. The prices are completely affordable. I completely recommend it for a casual dining experience.Not as great as I hoped this place would be from the other reviews. I ordered the eggplant and tofu burger and the whole thing fell apart before I even got halfway through. It was also pretty soggy and the flavor was just alright. I also tried some of the fried rice and it was really salty. Not impressed.Fantastic vegan food! Highly recommend the vegan cheesesteak, avocado spring rolls and soy golden nuggets.I have so many friends that are vegetarians or vegans that I always get excited when I find places that cater towards these diets - even though I'm not one myself! But I do prefer to bake vegan goods, and I love to compare my recipes to others, so I couldn't resist stopping by Vegan Tree to pick up a little treat for later. The one woman there was very, very sweet, and let me check things out while she helped a young family that were her only other patrons there.
They didn't have many options available - in fact, they had maybe 3 items left and it was the early afternoon! I ended up with their cinnamon cupcakes, which they sell in a two pack, and brought them home to share with my fiance. The cinnamon cupcakes have a moist cake, light crumb, and a thin layer of frosting. The cupcake was lightly spiced, and the cinnamon flavor was more prominent in the frosting. It was a mellow flavor, and the minimal frosting made it less sweet than your average cupcake. I was disappointed in the flavor, to be honest, but perhaps I should've chosen the slice of carrot cake instead...a reason to come back! And to try some of their food, too.I stopped by Vegan Tree with my family who was in town for the weekend because they kept emphasizing how much they were in love with the place and that they stop by every time they come to Philly. 
I figured I would keep it simple and just go for the Cheesesteak. It was good but I'm  big on texture the soy steak slices were much chewier than any other I've had. 
I also got a smoothie. I found it odd that I could only substitute the soy milk for almond milk with a certain selection of smoothies. It had me concerned that they could've possibly been pre made or some type of mixture. 
Speed of service was slow they forgot my Grandmothers salad until we were almost finished our meal. I was told that it's usually not as crowded. Overall, a pretty cool experience fairly nice staff. I probably won't  stop by again, unless I just happen to be on South St. and craving for it.This restaurant is AMAZING. 
I had a vegan philly cheese steak - the bread was so light so the sandwich didn't feel too heavy.. and the soy steak/ nutritional yeast cheese were perfect! 
For dessert I had coconut cake - moist, DERRICIOUS. 
If I go back to Philly, I will go out of my way to come back here.LOVED it here. I honestly would go all the time if I lived closet! The serving sizes were plenty and all the food was amazing. I recommend the Asian seaweed salad. The sweet potato fries were yummy too! Their bubble tea is nice and refreshing. It's a small and cozy place and really clean!! I hope this place starts getting the attention it deserves.I'm not a vegan but I'm always up to trying vegan and vegetarian restaurants! I was craving boba (like I always do when I visit philly) and stumbled upon this place on Yelp. I had the Taro Milk Tea which was yummy. I don't like my boba too sweet -- the amount of sugar was just right and the boba balls were soft. I also had the chicken nuggets (I think that what they're called). My boyfriend and I shared them on the car. Not too bad, just wish there was a bigger portion! I waited about 10-15 minutes for the appetizer to be done which was only the downside, but I was understanding because I was thinking that maybe it takes longer to cook vegan food?!This has to be one of my absolute favorite vegan places in Philly. Their food is just SO TASTY.  The staff is nice and everyone is very friendly, just make sure to be clear about what you want to order.
The place looks cute and happy and they have a very strange music selection... (Haha) 
The summer rolls are my favorite thing here, along with the roasted Japanese Pumpkin (wow I'm salivating just thinking about it).
They have amazing smoothies (green and lots of sweet fruit flavors, even a coffee smoothie that's like a frap!), and their sweets they make are DELICIOUS. I had them make my birthday cake this year! It was the best vegan coconut cake I have ever tasted.
My only complaint would be: one visit to to Vegan Tree for a green smoothie, only I didn't want avocado in it, and wanted extra kale instead. I was denied my request since they were not sure "how it will taste"... And even after explaining that "this is the same way I create my green smoothies at home and I will love the taste," The young girl would not make me that green smoothies without avocado. Haha but a delicious real fruit smoothie did the trick!;)
AHH! I love Vegan Tree!:)My girlfriend and I are visiting from NYC and we were really impressed with Vegan Tree. We are both vegans and really enjoyed the joy fried rice and the vegan cheese steak (almost tasted real). We had been looking for a good bubble tea that did not have milk and had to make a trip to Philadelphia just to find one here at Vegan Tree.Loved it. The food is really affordable and very tasty! Hope to try the smoothies and milkshakes on my next return. I definitely recommend this spot to everyone, whether you eat meat or not!This is a great spot to stop for a quick little bite as you walk leisurely down south street on a date! That stop that doesn't take up too much time, is a great new try with surprising flavor that makes you feel like you've done something new and cool with your day - it was not just a meal or a quick bite for me, but part of the experience of South Street :)Try out something new today. They say even if you go vegan for 2 meals a day it helps. The cakes here are great.As a vegetarian, the name of this place drew me in.  I was on a walk around the city with my boyfriend who was a bit under the weather, but nonetheless wanted to enjoy the beautiful day.  I was getting hungry, but I didn't want to subject my sicker half to a full sit-down so I just ordered a summer roll to go.  I felt their disappointment in my order profoundly.  "Nothing else?"  "You know, they're rather small"  "Are you sure?"  I knew what I was getting, and it was intended to just be a little snack along the way, and the veggie ham had me intrigued.  Bottom line- they made me one damn good looking summer roll with a spicy peanut dipping sauce, and I was on my way.  We settled into a park where I dug in.  The roll was made so so well and the veggie ham, which sounded really strange, tasted phenomenal in there.  It added a bit of saltyness that the rolls really benefitted from.  I loved that they just let the romaine hang out the back too.  Really delicious.  I'd love to come back here for meal time.  I feel like I'd enjoy the service better, and the food leads me to believe they have LOTS more to offer.  I'm excited to add this to my list.Had the sushi, bubble tea, and a vegan milkshake. They were all great. Highly recommendedI had originally waited to go to vegan tree so many times, peering in and determining it was best to put it off, try another day based on the casual cafe vibe. Now this is a fave. The individuals that are there are always pleasant. The rice dishes are spectacular, smoothies tasty and it's truly comfort food, good to eat in or to take to go.Don't sleep on this gem. Lots of options including rice bowls, pasta, sandwiches, sushi,  and now hot pots too! I always go for the dinner combo, available any time. For $13 you get a salad with  awesome ginger dressing, a really delicious soy patty sandwich with cucumbers and Asian sauces, and a healthy sugar free smoothie! Great spot for groups as the portions are petty big and definitely shareable!Yum! It's great to have an affordable vegan option on south street when there's constant temptation to spend too much on very unhealthy foods. I was taken back when I viewed the menu and read the prices. All of it was pretty cheap and sounded delicious! I had the eggplant and tofu burger which was delicious. It reminded me of Chinese sweet and sour tofu made into a burger. The cakes on display looked delectable but I refrained myself from those. The woman behind the counter was such a sweetheart so I'm very pleased to be giving my business here. Definitely worth a try.I recommend this place to everyone I can, it's always one of the first places I mention when I'm asked for a good vegan restaurant.
Staff is friendly and helpful. The menu is full of good options. The philly cheesesteak is incredible, it packs a ton of flavor, as does the eggplant tofu burger (and the bread it comes on is like a big fluffy cloud of deliciousness).
Almond or passionfruit bubbletea are my top picks, but I've never had one that I didn't love.Great vegan sushi! 
Disappointed in their veggie burger - it's basically a block of tofu and a deep fried eggplant covered in sauce. 
An order of spring rolls comes with 2 and they were crunchy. Nothing amazing. 
Summer rolls were average. 
Avocado Mango Smoothie was sweet. I'm hoping it was a natural sweetness from the mango. I couldn't taste the avocado.I never had a chance to try this place when the Loving Hut was here, but Vegan Tree is quick to hand out their menus to passersby on the street, so one day en route to a volunteer shift, I stopped in for lunch.  Once their lunch specials caught my eye, I settled on the soy protein burger with their house-made special sauce and soy cheese (surprisingly good combination, since I opted not to get any of the other trimmings on my burger).  It came with sweet potato fries served to me in an adorable heart shaped bowl.  The portions were sized well; not too big or too small but enough to satisfy my appetite.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating and I'll definitely be back!This place had a Credit card minimum of $15**
We came here only for bubble tea so my review does not reflect the restaurant's other menu items.**
We ordered three different bubble tea.
I ordered a taro smoothie without bubbles. When she finished making my drink and poured the contents of the blender into the cup, it did not fill all the way to the rim. She made a gasping noise and went to resolve the issue. Instead of making my bubble tea with more powder and tea stuff, she only blended more ice and water into my drink. Sad to say that my drink did not taste very good. Rather, it tasted like water down taro slush or with no flavor.
My little sister got the Thai tea and for some odd reason, it didn't taste like Thai tea at all. Rather, just some super sweet tea. I don't think Thai tea is something you can mess up, but somehow they managed to. 
My oldest sister got the jasmine tea and she liked her drink. So this is a safe drink to go with. I would be careful about Ordering bubble tea here. If you're here for the bubble tea, save your money and go somewhere else.Very friendly service food choices a plenty!! Really enjoyed our meals everything was deliciousTheir vegan sushi rolls are very good, boba teas are fantastic and service it top-notch. Give this place a try if you are in the area. 
I have been eating a vegetarian establishments since the 80s and this one is good, but not great. There is a lack of flavor is some of their items and they need to work on that.This is a wonder cafe for lunch and dinner. We have been to Vegan Tree before and have enjoyed everything about it. We recently took a new friend there, and we found the same thing as before: everyone loved everything we ordered and the service was spectacular.  Consistency.  That is worth a 5 star review!This is a great place to stop by if you're on South Street! Their food is creative and tasty, and I love the bubble tea. It's nice that the owners seem to genuinely care about veganism.
The only cons for me are the stickers on the walls (I just find it weird). Sometimes the service is slow, but it's essentially just two people running the whole place, so it's understandable.Food was pretty good but a few things; 1. I got the chow mein noodles but were mostly noodles and barely any veggies and tofu like it was supposed to be. The noodles were supposed to have bell peppers and I had one slice of pepper in the entire dish. 2. The philly cheese was good but kind of small; would've been better in a bigger piece of bread or at least accompanied by a salad or fries. 3. The restaurant did not look clean/sanitary. I didn't really see anything that looked dirty but it didn't have a clean vibe either. With all the other good vegan restaurants I went to in Philly I probably wouldn't come back to this one.Don't be fooled by the outside- inside this quaint storefront are meals bursting with flavor; I never knew vegan dishes could be so delicious!
I started off with the summer roll, which although refreshing and tasty, had nothing on the tofu eggplant burger.  It was perfectly crispy and spiced with a vegan mayo that really just brought the whole dish together- and this is coming form a mayo hater.  The real star of the night though was the cheesecake- I don't know how they did it but it had all the right flavors and textures, a lemony tropical tang, and unlike every other cheesecake I've ever had, actually left me feeling lighter and airier afterwards.  Everything was priced reasonably and there were plenty of specials- my only complaint was that I wanted to try even more! 
So as long as you don't mind family style seating and a casual vibe, do yourself a favor and check this place out!  I'll definitely be going back.OK. I'm updating my review because Vegan Tree IS really amazing. I called them out for being not open during their posted hours and they were still super nice to me, even gave me a nice discount on my meal today to make up for it. Good people here, really good people.
And the food. I had that chickpea soup again, just as amazing as last time. And I had one of their sushi rolls (picture uploaded), and again a bubble tea. My friend had pasta in cheesy sauce. I tasted it. Everything was awesome.
Also, their prices. SO good. 
Thank you, Vegan Tree. I'm so glad I gave you another chance, and you WILL see me again often!!Really enjoyed the sandwich I had here. Had a strawberry banana smoothie as well and was SO surprised and pleased at the jasmine in it!! I'll definitely be back.Everything I had was delicious!!  Quinoa salad, eggplant burger...tasted friends' desserts...all yummy!  Super sweet & generous owners!Great spot to eat vegan food! We tried 5 different items on the menu and was full, full, full! The veggie rolls are delicious, fried mushrooms and the pasta was finger lickin! They have a hot right off the grill sweet potato fries, and the eggplant buger was really good! The only reason we didnt rate them 5 stars is due to location and ambiance  (be sure to have lots of quarters or a card if you want to park on the streets and  it's a little tiny spot..so not a spot for 20 ppl wanting their grub on)! The pricing was very reasonable for a vegan spot! We had 2 combo entrees and 2 appetizers for $31 bucks! Super Duper! Having been a New York person I've tried many top of the line Vegan spots and this little gem can beat them on food if they had a bigger home and a wait staff ---without paying 120$$!!  Like the Terminator ""We will be back!"""For a non vegan eater I give 4 stars. The seaweed salad was especially delicious. The garlic vinegar dressing made it. I recommend the summer rolls as well. 
Nice environment and friendly service.I love this place. I have only gone twice but both experiences were wonderful. The menu is not fancy, trendy, or expansive. Their offerings are very basic. If you are a foodie who needs innovative culinary excitement you may want to try a different spot. 
Vegan Tree earned my five-star rating for the simple element of comfort. This place really makes me feel like a welcome guest without the nuisance of insincere over-attentiveness. 
This time around I had the "cheesesteak" and a faux-shrimp sushi roll. Both items were delicious and very fresh. The sandwich came on an oven-toasted, soft whole-wheat roll and had an earthy, savory gravy. The sushi was not exceptional, but it was fresh and nicely presented. 
Other notes: 
There are a bunch of clearly-labeled gluten-free items on the menu and everything is vegan. There is plenty of seating. Very casual- come as you are.Great affordable vegan place for dine-in or takeout. Seating area is cute and comfortable. Really good bubble teas/smoothies. Have not tried many of the food options but they all look really good/healthy. Only downside is the credit card minimum so go with some cash!Came on a Saturday afternoon to try out this highly rated vegan place. We ordered the cheesy bread, eggplant & tofu burger, and chow mein since they were highly rated in the other reviews. Nothing was freshly made, everything was premade that they were toasting in the toaster oven in the front. The cheesy bread was ok, but they basically sliced a cheap bread roll into 4 small slices, put some vegan spread on it and put it in the toaster oven for 2 minutes and then served it. The eggplant and tofu burger was just ok as well, again they just assembled all the premade ingredients and put a microwaved or toaster-ovened eggplant slice on the roll. The chow mein was a bunch of premade noodles with some tofu on it mixed with some asiany sauce. 
Overall the food is edible and filled out stomachs but we will not be returning.i walk by this place everyday, 
i like i a good vegan meal, 
i love bubble tea.
i went here alone, 
i was seated quickly, 
i struggled to pick just one thing.
i went with the 'joy fried rice', 
i paired this with coconut bubble tea, 
i was served super fast!
i basically ate every single piece of rice on the plate, 
i sat there until every vegan tapioca ball was gone, 
i only spent $13.00!
i really can not wait to go back!Vegan Tree, you need a makeover.  For reals.  4 x 6 kodaks of kittens on the walls and post-it notes on every surface?  No.  Just no.
But looks aside, the food here IS good and I promised myself I'd never be one of those Yelpers that deducts stars because of paint color, window dressings, or other design elements.  The bubble tea is legit and you don't have to walk down to Chinatown to get it (I went with strawberry and I also tried the almond; I really liked both of them).  The garlic potatoes made me feel all warm and fuzzy and my spaghetti dish was pretty decent.  The service here is a little spaz-tastic since it's a one-man show in the front and the kitchen, but the guy was really polite and obviously very hard-working.  I definitely enjoyed my dinner here.  I know the restaurant business is a cruel world, but I really hope this place sticks around.  I'll be back.