The best swordfish I've ever had. Truly an amazing meal. An amazing experience from the minute I walked in the door. I ate at the bar and John was extremely attentive and knowledgeable and made my dining experience complete. I recommend this place with a  100%  positive review. My only complaint is that I couldn't eat more!3.5 stars. Not quite as good as Vernick Food And Drink in my opinion.
Must get: 
1) salmon belly tartare
2) smoked king salmon
3) sardines and sourdough
4) squid pad thai
5) ricotta gnocchi 
Last luster:
1) fluke brown butter - brown butter over powers the dish 
2) tuna foie gras - lacks flavor
3)uni and caviar - uni and caviar are both good but pales in comparison to the uni and eggs at Vernick Food and DrinkI really wanted to love Vernick Fish, and don't get me wrong, the decor and service were top-notch, but everything was just too darn salty and there was too much dependence on chips.
Must get: pristine raw (sea scallops, fluke), fish collarbone), grilled shrimp, mafalde pasta w/crab
Meh: razor clams, sea bream, sardine & sourdough
Missed: dover sole, large fish
As Vernick Fish and Jean George Philly become increasingly popular among the locals, I'd wager that reservations will become increasingly crucial to land a seat to sample some of the freshest high-end seafood in Philadelphia. From the moment you walk in, you'll be encountered by well-dressed and well-mannered staff who will take you through the beautifully lit, modern decor of the Four Season building. Sure, some of the menu items reflected the decorative cost, but it's definitely a very nice spot if you want to impress your date. As for the food, our waiter strongly recommended the smaller dishes, of which I agreed, but just be careful as many of the raw pristine dishes (especially razor clams) are very salty and oily, so just ask in advance.
My wife and I shared multiple dishes, with the collar bone and the mafalde pasta (very al dente) that stood out to us. I am a big fan of sardines and wanted to love the sourdough combination. However, just like with many of the dishes, it was too oily, too rich and too salty. As for the dessert, we had the tres leche and the pumpkin pie, it was nice (and tough), but not very memorable.
Overall, we had a nice experience, with small areas of improvement in the sodium department. However, we didn't get to sample some of the larger and pricier items, which looked intimidating and very filling.
Food: 4 stars
Price: 3 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 5 starsA perfect experience.  We came for a late lunch on Sunday.  Everything was perfect - space is beautiful, a clear example that the food scene in Philadelphia continues to improve.  Service was impeccable.  Food was delicious, execution perfect for every course.  Dessert was spectacular, as were the drinks.New iteration of Chef Vernick's vision located in the Comcast Technology Center (CTC). You can enter via the Four Seasons lobby or from Arch St between 18th & 19th. The ambiance and interior design elevates the Philadelphia restaurant scene and the service is impeccable. Our cocktails were prepared perfectly and served quickly. Although we didn't have any food, from what we saw passing by our table, everything looked delicious. We'll be coming back!It was an entire experience. We started with wine and fresh oysters. The oysters are flown in daily and come from all over the world. I've never had better oysters in my entire life. No exaggeration. The menu has an excellent assortment of fresh and raw fish! We also had the raw fluke fish with a butter sauce and hazelnut shavings, the salmon belly tartar, more wine,  an octopus salad, the squid pad thai, the salt and vinegar potatoes  (holy goodness it was unusual and effing delicious) and a fish served over fresh zucchini for our entree, although I can't remember what type. For dessert they serve fancy pie from a pie case and we opted for the carrot cake pie and a customized flight of digestifs. We had the best time and a super knowledgeable waiter.Went in with no expectations given it was their first weekend open and they really knocked it out of the park.  Everything was amazing start to finish. Our server made guided recommendations on how and what to order without being overly pushy.  The carrot cake at the end was also amazing. 10/10 must go. We will be back!Service was excellent, food was nothing short of amazing. I think it's his best work yetIt's a HIGH bar but I was hoping to love it here as much as Vernick but I really didn't. A few of our raw plates lacked salt and acid. The crab beignets and tartars were good. Large plate of fish was good but not spectacular. Cocktails were very good. The space isn't as intimate and fun as Vernick- it's beautiful but more stuffy.Great experience here. I sat at the chefs counter(the area in front of the open kitchen). The food is excellent. They have a homemade sourdough bread with seaweed butter . I ordered a few oysters which were very fresh - their homemade cocktail sauce was delish. Then I had the crab mafalde which just perfect. I just ordered their carrot cake pie which I've already tasted from their coffee shop , so I know that is amazing. I recommend. I ate by myself but this would be a swanky date spot or good business dinner too.We came here for a friend's birthday dinner last night. We've been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile but we had a big lunch earlier so just ended up getting small plates. We were originally going to get like 3 or 4 but ended up getting 6 because we wanted to try a bunch of everything. I was a little disappointed they didn't have the shrimp tempura on the menu. Our waiter said the Chef didn't like how it came out so he took it off the menu. They were also out of swordfish for the night which my friend was going to order. 
We checked the menu ahead of time online but when we arrived there were some minor adjustments. Our waiter said they can't keep up with the online menu as it changes too much. My husband and I started off with the seared scallops, fluke with hazelnut and brown butter and scallops belly tartar first. These 3 things were a little salty but still had really good flavored. The scallops were seared perfectly and had some grapefruit and other fruit with it. It was actually a little spicy which I was surprised about, but it worked with the dish. On the online menu it said the scallops were with black truffle which I kinda wanted though. 
The fluke was very good, loved the hazelnut brown butter sauce on it. I'm a big fan of brown butter sauce now. Did taste a little salty- my husband said they used finishing salt to bring out the flavors. Salmon belly was great- the chips were very crunchy and went great with the salmon belly. Nice fresh flavors. 
For dinner we got the ricotta gnocchi with tuna as this was their signature dish and I hear it was amazing. I'm not really big on tuna but I like it when it's made right. The gnocchis were pillow soft and the tuna was kinda smoky, this was one of our favorite dishes. On the website it said corn but it came with spinach when we ordered it. Was a little disappointed because I thought it would have been amazing with corn, and my husband loves corn and tuna. 
We also got the squid pad Thai. I enjoyed it it was very light and flavorful. It was kinda hard to see the squid though as it blended in with the bean sprouts and I don't think there was that much squid in it. We also got the octopus carpaccio because I read that was another favorite dish but we liked this dish the least. You couldn't really taste the octopus and it was really oily. 
We didn't get to try dessert because our friends had to rush to catch a train. Probably for the best though as we we're pretty full anyway. Overall a great  night out and maybe we will be back in the summertime to try new menu items.Visiting in town and staying here at the Four Seasons from New York City and heard many great things of Vernick. Last night I tried it out, the food was amazing and the experience and service that Caleb shared with us was impeccable. I definitely recommend this place as well as Caleb. Thank you for a lovely evening.I went to Vernick Fish the first month it was opened during a Friday evening. The restaurant was fairly lively, and the ambiance was smart yet relaxed. The music was energetic enough hearing several arctic monkeys hits throughout the evening. When I first arrived, (I was 7 minutes late) my table was given to the gentleman who arrived seconds before me whose reservation was in 7 or so minutes. This was quite the dilemma and perhaps I shouldn't have expected the table to be held for fifteen minutes, but I think we can all agree things happen. To give my table up before that time was sort of frustrating. Nonetheless, we were seated soon enough after a little protest. It was unclear if my service was the fault of the hostess who over sat the server or what the problem was. Our server suffered several small errors that could have made the meal more enjoyable, but I don't think it was on him as he was hustling to do his job. Additionally, we had two gentleman taking care of us which was a potential cause for confusion and something that i'm sure wasn't normal. For starters, I tried the tuna tartar, salmon tartar, lobster cups, and clam chowder. The tartars were served with fresh delicate potato chips I presume that offered a strong taste and crunch. For the tuna tartar, they were a match made in heaven. The flavors accented perfectly; however, I thought the chips were too strong for the salmon tartar causing the bite to be lackluster in flavor. I would order the tuna again but pass on the tartar. The lobster cups stole the show as they were filled with lobster and were refreshing and light. The lobster cups were a must have. Had I been given a soup spoon on time, the chowder would have been better; even so, I thoroughly enjoyed the crunch and roasted flavors offered by the bacon (I think) in the soup. It was quite unexpected and created quite a different experience than other chowders I've had. For my entree, I had the porgy fish served over rice. There were southern accents to the sauce in the rice, and I can honestly say this was one of the best fish I've ever ordered out. The fish is served with skin on, and it provides a crunch that could also be found in a southern cuisine. I was thoroughly impressed with the menu as there were many fish I had not heard of. This was a pleasant surprise and offered a unique experience. I would thoroughly recommend saving room for a scoop of ice cream. You can tell it is small batch, homemade and I think it would rival Philadelphia's best local spots. For the price, I felt like the portions and quality of the food was above expectations. I'm leaving four stars, because I do believe the service could be improved.I love Vernick's main restaurant to pieces but this meal was completely forgettable, overpriced, and I was sick for hours afterward. A stunning miss.Had lunch here before which was nice do  tried it out with another couple for dinner tonight.  A lot of flaws with service- drinks came out wrong  and delivered to wrong people.  Apps were good especially ceviche, tuna tagliatelle and oysters.  Our wine arrived after entrees and we're not wh hat we ordered.  Everyone has agreed entrees we're good not eXceptional.  We then headed upstairs  for a nIghtcap which was delightful.  So overall, not worth the price point service average at best...not worth a return visit.  Sorry to say if you are looking for best in Philly, this isn't it.The complimentary sourdough bread was very salty. The seaweed butter was really good and unique.
Octopus salad: I asked for dressing on the side. The octopus was chewy without being too hard. However most of the pieces were overcharred that ruined the overall flavor. The eggplant purée was very salty.
Seabass with tomato sauce was very delicious. Fish was perfectly cooked. The tomato sauce has perfect flavor with a balanced acidity. Highly recommended.
My friend had grilled swordfish and she said it was the best she ever had. The potato has lemony vinegar flavor there brings brightness to the dish.
Staff is really nice and helpful. If you are paying with cards they will bring the reader to your table. Make sure they put the right amount because our waitress put the wrong bill.Great new space.  The food was delicious.  We had a dozen oysters to start.  Served with home crafted minuet and cocktail sauce.  We had the gnocchi and squid pad Thai and the sea bass.  All were fabulous.  The wine list was great and so was the dessert and coffee.  Attentive service on a busy night.I've been here twice now, once for my birthday, and both times were amazing. I had the same server both times and he was outstanding - funny, friendly, and super knowledgeable and helpful in every way. The food is absolutely delicious - my favorites so far are the halibut ceviche and the brown butter fluke (so good!) The cocktails are also really balanced and lovely. All in all, a great place for a special dinner out.My friends and I had been wanting to go to this restaurant because of all the hype. This restaurant was rated top 50 in Philly. I checked the reservation and by luck there was a slot for tonight. We were all excited to try out this restaurant. 
First of all, the food was mediocre. The raw oysters were fresh. The uni was great. The hamachi sashimi was too oily. I couldn't taste the fish. The broccoli and mushroom were super salty. The porgy was not impressive. It was too salty as well. The sea bass was ok.
Overall the food at this restaurant was not great. For $400, the portion and the quality could be better.  We were not impressed and most likely won't be back.Came here for Christmas Day 2019 I got the sea Bass broccoli in a tomato sauce it was really good but I have had better
I also got the cauliflower the wasn't as good but the sourdough bread with the seaweed butter was great, my man got it he mussels they were great!
And he also got the roasted porgy jasmine rice creole sauce, the porgy was substituted the bass his was good too
The service was good the young bar assistant was very attentive
I would come back again 
Oh yeah I'm not a drinker but I ordered one it was called the Rest if the Week it was tasty try itAmazing!!!   To the AWESOME  staff-Chef-and Manger "Thank you!"  My son Johnathan works at this Fabulous Restuarant .   I truly felt like Royalty!  Unbelievable experience.  Thanks for the Five Star experience.One of the best meals we have ever had. We travel the world and try to hit as many Michelin star restaurants as possible. This was fantastic in every way. Our server Paul was amazing. 5 stars plus all the way.Service great, drinks were great and not watered down and the sea bass was amazing. The best part was the key lime pie I never tasted a crust that was that soft, moist and buttery it tasted like heaven.Vernick Fish is a part of the new Four Seasons Hotel located in the new Comcast Tech Center. I had the pasta and lump crab small plate which was amazing. For dinner I had the grilled Sea Bass and it was also amazing. Great dining experience. I then went straight to the top and had a drink at The Four Season's Sky Bar which is exquisite and has an amazing view of the city. Four Season's never disappoints!The space itself is really well done. High ceilings, a lot space between tables, the open kitchen, it all comes together very nicely.
Service was A+. Helpful, polite, and attentive staff.
The food was really solid. Doesn't wow as much as the flagship Vernick, but that's clearly intentional. We got the salmon belly and scallop tartare, the carpaccio'd octopus, the beignets, the gnocchi and the mushrooms. I wouldn't get the salmon belly again. Not because it wasn't good, it was, but when so many other options on the menu pack more flavor, it is what it is. 
The scallops and the beignets were can't miss items. I will be getting both again. 
The mushrooms were particularly rich and flavorful. The gnocchi was good, but probably will try other dishes next time I go. 
Will certainly be back.From the raw options to the main entrees this was truly a wonderful experience. Sat overlooking the kitchen where the chefs prepared an excellent Dover sole. The sides were thoughtful and wine pairing was excellent. Energetic atmosphere without being claustrophobic. Attentive friendly aNd knowledgeable service. This place is a must.What a great dinner.  We started with the warm shrimp cocktail and the king crab wasabi.  Both dishes were unique and delicious.  Followed by Pocono Trout and the Steamed Halibut.  Two wonderful dishes.  Very unusual and creative sauces.  Don't miss this great new restaurant in our Restaurant Scene.Date or special occasion restaurant!  This meal was a ten out of a ten. We had the salmon belly tartare and red snapper appetizer to start. They brought out sourdough bread and special seaweed flavored butter. I general don't like sourdough bread but this bread was extra tasty. Everything was delicious. 
I had a tuna crudo for my main dish. The bread, tuna and sauce were really great. 
The service and the setting were excellent, too. This place was very busy, but this was the week of the flower show.
One complaint that I had about here, they don't serve drinks from the fountain. You have to buy a smaller Diet Coke bottle (smaller than a can of soda). Between the two of us, we ordered five small things of Diet Coke and were charged each of them. Our server had to make multiple trips. I don't like to drink water in Philadelphia...I just dined here for the 2nd time and counting. As a foodie that loves to cook and dining out, I must say that Vernick  Fish is my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE!!!
I had the pleasure of having two different Kristen's make my experience memorable. I cannot stop recommending  this restaurant to others.
Staff is extremely pleasant and have a strong knowledge base and are very accommodating to dietary  restrictions/food allergies. 
The food is exceptional. I am hooked on  the side of mushrooms   My favorite drink is "The Gap Year".  
Thank you to the entire staff for another great experience that I will be talking about until returning again.A gorgeous restaurant.  We had a few appetizers.  Scallop Ceviche is a must try.  Octopus appetizer sliced so thin...amazing. I would take the ride up in the elevator to the 60th floor ... it's quite a thrill.  We will definitely be back.  John the bartender was really great with recommendations.  We talked with Julie Vernick (Greg's wife) she was lovely.  It appears they are excited about this new venture.Came in on a Tuesday night around 8PM without a reservation for 6 people.
The service took a bit, but they offer complimentary bread with an amazing butter so velvety and soft. We each ordered separate entrees and shared hamachi tartare (very fresh and generous portion). Another coworker really enjoyed his uni toast. I got the trout - cooked to perfection but if you're not a fan of boney fish, might not be the best....the couscous on top (always a fan of Mediterranean) added a nice touch with some citrus notes. The branzino also looked really good! 
Overall, this is great for seafood and fish, but I still prefer dining at Vernick Food & Drink which has greater variety but also good fish.It's a lovely space with lovely service but the food was not anything special. The menu was nothing interesting, particularly local or sustainable, which at a restaurant at that level and price you expect something special. We got the Black Sea bass with tomato sauce and broccoli which was nice but there were tons of bones in the fish, which we weren't warned about and made it hard to eat. Also got a spicy tuna tar tar which was not spicy and just meh, a sardines toast that was good but also meh. The bread with seaweed butter was good, not great. Just kinda hoped for more. Have eaten at the original and this is not nearly as good. Not terrible or anything but go to the other restaurant or any other place in town that serves the same fish at half the price.The space is beautiful and the execution is as fine as Vernick. I'm a seafood junky and this place rocked my world. Can't wait to go back to have more of the menu. The Rockfish and Himachi Collar (special) were the highlights.From the second we walked in, vernick fish set the bar high. We were celebrating our 5 year anniversary and from the host, to our Waiter, to the manager, made us feel like royalty. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable and helped make suggestions based on our preferences. We tried many dishes, all very good, but the ones that stood out were the scallop tartar, tuna with foie gras, halibut ceviche and the bronzino. WOW! The service and food-  ONLY THE BEST! You will not be disappointed!Visited on Sunday for brunch before Hamilton!  We were seated promptly at 11:30 am and our waiter made sure we were ready to head to the play at 12:40.  Lunch was awesome - I had the lobster appetizer which was amazing and the sea bass with tomato sauce And broccoli which delicious.  The before lunch cocktail of a flavorful gin and tonic smoothed the way to bliss!We went to Vernick Fish so excited to hit the 2nd spot created by our favorite Philadelphia chef. Sadly, I think they need a bit of work to move the needle and I hold firm on 3.5 stars after our first experience. We arrived 10 minutes before our reservation and upon check-in the host told us "you are ten minutes early- and we do not have a place for you to wait" It was so awkward as there was no crowd or streams of people...I get it if the bar was full (it was not) but at least direct us towards a corner or a doorway and he did neither. It was the most awkward non-direction. We noticed that there's a very small waiting space behind the host stand so we sat there (with others also waiting for their table). A few minutes later the same host approached and told us that our table was almost ready - "great. Thank you!" We replied. So indeed a hostess came over and then took another couple away to our table. After a few minutes, we realized the mix-up and approached the same host who responded "what is your confusion??" To which we explained that WE had no confusion but apparently the hostess made a mistake and gave our prepared table to another couple. "Oh so sorry- we'll seat you right away"
The food was good- we had the sardines, oysters, scallop tartare, gnocchi, tomatoes, bronzino....Just sometimes when the rest of the experience needs work then we don't savor it as we could. 
We are spoiled by the Vernick experience of careful
coursing and this ended up coming in 2 main courses which was slightly rushed. 
At the end of our meal we realized that we were never served any bread ...but we also realized that no one in our entire restaurant section was given bread. We laughed with the table next to us wondering where the bread (they were cutting in the center of the dining room) actually went! 
I think the spot has great potential but I'd recommend they continue to draw some of their highly trained staff from the other location to upskill the newbies here. Vernick staff are amazingly impressive and I do hope they can keep it up. 
From a design perspective we found it strange that many of the tables look into the street, facing a parking lot. I know it's the city (I'm intimately familiar) but I think a window shading of some sort could be a worthwhile design consideration.I am now officially NOT a fan of Vernick (either restaurant).   Tonight we tried the new fish restaurant for the first time.  Very pretty.  Lots of staff, and all very professional. We ordered a swordfish and cream cheese spread for an appetizer, which neither of us liked.  Too much cream and butter, and not enough fish.  I ordered the bronzino, and was served the smallest bronzino filet that I have ever had anywhere.  The slaw and avocado sauce were delightful.  Unfortunately, there are not a lot of seafood restaurants in center city, but I would not recommend this one.Did not disappoint. We ordered a large array of things. First off it was our anniversary and we got complimentary champagne, which is great. The tuna with foie gras and the smoked salmon with poached quail egg was a excellent way to start off the meal. Incredible, two dishes where you actually have to pause and think about how good it was after you eat it. Then we had fresh clams which were great - the accoutrements really accentuated thier brininess. Followed by the most disappointing dish of the night which was the uni and sushi rice. It was fine but far too expensive and really felt like an afterthought or a side dish. I know uni is not cheap but for it to be the most expensive of the appetizers yet least thrilling... I expected more. Finally we received our entrees: the bronzino and black grouper. Bronzino was good and really what you would expect but nowadays you can find bronzino in every fine dining Italian restaurant in the city. So it was less exciting than the grouper in that respect. Black grouper on the other hand is a rarity in the Philly restaurant scene. I don't know what happened to that fishery or maybe they are just hard to find in the wild but grouper was ubiquitous on Northeast menus about 20 years ago and now it's impossible to find. It was elegantly plated and the hands-down winner of the night, great bold tangy and acidic flavors in the sauce for a great bold fish. Dessert menu looked fine but we skipped it. To me desert is very optional in most fine dining. I'm sure they were great but I can always go to an excellent bakery if I'm looking for dessert. No, I was looking for a great seafood meal and I found it. Service was excellent as you would expect when you're spending big bucks.Vernick fish had definetely kept up with its food and service quality from Vernick. I also like that they offer more variety of dessert options now.
All the RAW section were great and I loved the chips that came with it.
We also tried the Gap year drink. Its on the sweeter and fruitier side and we liked it.We love vernick  but this is even better great ceviche great raw food great entree I cannot say enough positive things we had halibut ceviche tuna carpaccio endive salad  two amazing entrees
Everything's a 10
It is not cheap but worth itI just had the most impeccable dinner I've ever had in Philly next to zahav. First off the service was so attentive and our server Jonas was absolutely so incredible. He was truly a pleasure to talk to and interact with all night. He also helped us curate our meal perfectly. Every single thing we ate was  delicious, perfectly seasoned and had such complex flavor. The savory beignets, salmon belly tare tare, and bergamot ice cream were some of my favorites to be exact. Would definitely recommend this restaurant to people!Per a good friend's suggestion- we came here for dinner and sat at the bar where we were able to watch the chef's in action. They were quite impressive! We started with three of the  oyster specials, and they were so tasty and fresh, we quickly ordered the other three daily specials. The bread was served with this amazing whipped flavored butter.  We continued with the salmon belly tartare and octopus carpaccio, next we had the grilled stuffed squid and the mother of hen mushrooms with tahini- both were exquisite. The chef gave us a sample of the cauliflower- and while we both love cauliflower we found it to be too salty. We paired our food with wine and martinis, and thoroughly enjoyed our night.Amazing meal from start to finish. Oysters were some of the best we've ever had with lovely accoutrements. All raw preparations are top quality with clean preparations that highlight the seafood. Tilefish was wonderful and the tomato side was so refreshing and summery. The menu does and excellent job of showcasing high quality seafood and seasonal produce. Key lime pie was the perfect finale. Great cocktail and wine list. Service is friendly, knowledgeable and perfectly attentive. Just delightful!Beyond amazing meal last night.  Arrived an hour early to have a drink at the 60th floor SkyHigh bar.  There was a really long line for the elevator but my husband told the hostess our plans and we were immediately escorted up to have a drink.  Service outstanding.  Food exploding with flavor.  Will definitely return!An absolutely delightful place. The food is incredible. The service is amazing. I asked to swap my table for the chefs counter. The attention to detail & plating of each dish is something to see. The food melted in my mouth. The chef sent over a scallop dish...heavenly. The spicy tuna tartare served w/house made waffle chips...fresh & the balance of the flavors was perfect. The Octopus Greek salad is a must. The octopus was cooked perfectly. I watched one of the sous chefs plate this dish... was every item was individually paced on the plate. The butter that is served w/the bread...just have it. I wish we had a restaurant like this in San Diego. I finished my lunch w/a latte. Hands down the best latte I have ever had. I booked a reservation at Vernick Coffee immediately after.just ok. nothing was OMG that I would want to go back for a second time. The best part of the meal was the bread and butter...I'm so stealing that seaweed butter recipe. Although the food was a 3 star, the service and ambience were 5 star so aversging a 4 although should probably be a 3.5. The waiter was very attentive, patient, and made recommendations based on personal preferences and dietary restrictions. We went for the experience, that's enoughMy wife and I visited Greg Vernick's recently opened restaurant in the Comcast IT Center for dinner. We were greeted immediately and pleasantly upon entering and were seated at a table in the center of the dining area. I subsequently requested a window table, quickly mentioning that this meal was a birthday gift to my wife. We were graciously reseated at a window table. Our server (I apologize for not knowing/remembering his name) was expertly knowledgeable and very efficient and pleasant. The food was as we expected from a Vernick kitchen. The  beignet with clam ragout and paella rice appetizers were superb. And the tilefish entree in a glorious sauce was outstanding. We also appreciated the fresh sourdough bread with seaweed butter. Finally, when we ordered the flourless chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream to share, a lighted candle adorned the plate with a piece of dark chocolate with the words "Happy Birthday. My wife was so overjoyed at this discreet celebration of her birthday. All the credit goes to our hostess and server and we made a point of acknowledging their kindness and gracious hospitality. All in all, this evening was a special dining experience.My wife, Ellen, and I dined at Vernick Fish last evening. In all respects, we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner.
The restaurant is quite beautiful in an elegant, but stylish manner.
The service was impeccable. Our primary server, Kristin, was warm, and carefully explained many of the dishes to us before we made our selection.
A few of the dishes which we highly recommend include the broiled "oysters Philadelphia," the octopus carpaccio with lemon, capers and parmesan, the grilled harissa shrimp, with melon, cucumber and yogurt, and the roasted porgy, with jasmine rice, andouille sausage, and creole broth. All were absolutely delicious! 
This restaurant is a very welcome addition to our neighborhood.
To sum up the whole of our dining experience in two words, "PURE CLASS!"Phenomenal restaurant which is not surprising from Chef Vernick. It's an amazing experience from start to finish. The staff is so attentive. We sat at the bar and enjoyed a few cocktails, which were absolutely delicious. Then the bartender offered great advice on a wine to pair with our food. For food, we loved the salmon belly tartare, lobster lettuce cups, the oysters Philadelphia, shrimp, branzino with avocado salsa to name a few. Then we finished off with the tres leches and the carrot cake - both were out of this world. We cannot wait to go back!A recent trip to Vernick Fish really caught me off guard. As I entered the lovely space on the north side of the ground floor of the new Comcast Building I felt as if I had been transported somewhere else. Glancing at the long, spacious interior I wondered if I was in New York? London? Architectural Digest? Fortunately after we were seated at the chef's counter by a friendly hostess a glance upwards brought me back to reality. Hidden on the beautiful tile wall evoking the sea was a small clock with an Eagles football helmet on it. I was still in Philly! 
Seriously though, Vernick Fish was a spectacular experience from start to finish. Our server, Jade, was truly a gem and saved me from ordering something that would definitely not agree with my food allergy. And I do recommend that you sit at the chef's counter. You can see the food being prepared in front of your eyes and even talk with some of the prep staff and runners. You also get too see all of the dishes being made and plated so you know what to get on your next visit here since you will be back (but why does that pork Milanese look so good?) 
We started with salmon tartare with gaufrettes. I eat a lot of good salmon but never have I had any salmon like this. It was so silky smooth and tasty that I can't see not ordering every time we go here. We also had the sardines on sourdough which were good and flavorful, but given our vantage point we saw that the sardines came from a jar and were de-boned and placed on the toast without any other intervention from the staff. For the mains, my wife had delicious grilled harissa shrimp while I enjoyed a spectacular grilled black sea bass with broccoli and tomato sauce. The fish was juicy and perfecto cooked and my wife's shrimp were yummy and had yogurt, melon cubes, and cucumber. For dessert I had an excellent slice of key lime pie with whipped cream on top mimicking fish scales. 
Our bill was presented with two pieces of saltwater taffy from Joisey (we're in Philly) and my credit card transaction was done with one of those handheld wireless devices that are all over Europe (but maybe we're not). 
So if you're looking for an excellent seafood meal (or maybe not seeing that pork) in Philly, London, or wherever you may be, just head to Vernick Fish.I have been to Vernick Fish twice and left very pleased with my selection.  I gave a 4 due to the fact that the potatoes were a bit salty. Maybe that's how it's served, however, I had to return it.
My sea bass was perfect!
Excellent atmosphere, professional, friendly and very intuitive servers.  Would highly recommend for lunch or just an afternoon sanctuary.
Great addition to the city.This was our first visit to 2-month old Vernick Fish inside the new Comcast building. Our expectations were high as we are huge fans of the original Vernick restaurant located near Rittenhouse Square on Walnut Street. Sadly we were underwhelmed on quite a few levels. While we found the open kitchen and dining room warm and inviting, service was slow, disorganized and stuffy, and our server was difficult to track down. It took over an hour for our first courses to arrive, and our oysters were brought without accompaniments or identification of the varieties ordered. Also, the plates were not brought out in unison, meaning that half the table had to wait five minutes before the other half was served. One of the entrees was not what was ordered, and while the dishes all tasted good they were quite small and lacked substance. Overall, the restaurant, situated on the ground floor of the new Four Seasons hotel, had the soulless feel of a typical hotel restaurant. Perhaps Vernick Fish is still finding its footing and will improve with time, but as for our future visits we plan to stick to our original and much loved Vernick Food & Drink.A spectacular, inventive, different, delicious, impeccably chosen menu. Loved every morsel I ate! The snapper ceviche and and Pocono trout were especially great.As a loyal and enthusiastic diner at the original Vernick (and I've posted as such in these pages) I looked forward to the new fish restaurant.  The same gracious service was present.  The space itself is more spacious, less noisy and quite comfortable.  Alas, the food is not up to the standards of the original restaurant.  An octopus carpaccio was very disappointing.  The wafer thin slices of octopus were overwhelmed by a the sauce and arugula.  I could not taste the octopus at all.  The monk fish with bacon and half and half chowder was rather stingy on the fish and bland.  The bronzino was delicious.  A flash-fried lemon pepper broccoli was superb.  Two desserts were awful.  The key lime pie was dull and mostly flavorless and a Tres Leches cake was dry despite swimming in a cream (?) sauce.  Overall, we were both surprised and disappointed with our meal.  Having eaten many times at the original restaurant and always found it superb we wondered whether or not we were experiencing a new establishment's growing pains or the more troubling notion that with all the restaurants in Philadelphia and elsewhere there just aren't enough talented chefs to go around.What an awesome experience! We went on a wet Tuesday night and the  restaurant was pleasantly filled with patrons. We began our meal with their warm bread with whipped butter.  I detest butter on my bread but I made an exception for this butter.  It was light and creamy.  I could've eaten bread and butter all evening.  We decided to get several small plates.  We choose the spicy tuna tartare, raw tuna foie gras mousse, raw fluke brown butter hazelnut, beignets, squid spaghetti and Hen of the woods.  Both raw options were mouth watering and I wanted more especially the fluke.  The brown butter in the fluke didn't leave a buttery film.  The spicy tartare was very filling and the chips were salty.  We could've eaten the tartare without the chips.  Squid ink pasta is always a favorite for my husband.  The sauce was rich and especially went well with the Hen of Wood.  The Hen of Wood was a leafy fungi mushroom.  It was a surprising side I could order every time.  Our least favorite was the beignets in spicy clam ragout.  It felt like we were eating a red clam sauce lean pocket.  It didn't give us the wow effect as the previous dishes.  My husband is hard to please, we would definitely return.  There are so many yummy choices we didn't get to explore and we were disappointed the swordfish wasn't available to sample.  Until next time!A huge fan of Vernick Fish: I've now gone for a business lunch and two dinners (one with a group), and have enjoyed delicious food each time--definitely recommend coming with a group and sharing dishes so you can try a bunch! In the group dinner, we had a pescatarian and a meat-but-no-beef diner, and both were as full as the rest of us by the end. (This may also have had something to do with the crave-worthy house-baked slightly-sourdough bread and seaweed butter, which is also perfect for sopping up tasty sauces!) Drinks were noted to be well-poured and crafted.
Some food favorites: oysters; spicy tuna tartares with gaufrettes (i.e., waffle-style potato chips); torched hamachi with orange and jalapeno; tagliatelle, spicy tuna sausage ragu, broccoli rabe; roasted porgy, jasmine rice, andouille, creole broth; fried cauliflower, vadouvan & yogurt.
Overall service is stellar, as one would expect from a Four Seasons-run restaurant. And the location is easy for city and suburban folk alike, as Suburban Station comes directly into the Comcast II tower/building.
My only nit is that the first couple of times I visited, the most amazing key-lime pie was on the dessert menu. I made the most-recent reservation with that dessert in mind, and was disappointed when dessert rolled around and I learned it was no longer being offered--please bring it back and let me know when it is! (I'd also request that the uni avocado toast make a reappearance!)I love Vernick, as you can see in my previous reviews, I feel like it's one of the best restaurants in Philly, but unfortunately Vernick Fish have completely dropped the ball! We came to celebrate a birthday to find out that their range hood is not functioning, the restaurants had a smoke and unpleasant burning smell and after couple of minutes our eyes started burning. We weren't notified of the problem in advance (the waiter said it's been a couple of hours, so for sure they could give us a call ahead of time) only after mentioning to the host that our eyes burn, she informed us of the issue and briefly apologized for the inconvenience. One could've thought that a restaurant at that level will make a minimal effort to find some kind of solution, but they completely ignored the situation! 
When we came home, our clothes smelled terribly bad and obviously you can not wash leather or coats at home, so I reached out, just to receive an email from the manager not even a phone call, asking me for a dry cleaning receipt  so they can look in to it! NOT reimburse me, but look in to it!!! I was very disappointed, a place like this should've been way more professional and client oriented and at least make us feel like they give a damm!Delicious food and great drinks!!! Highly recommended!! Great service and super modern and clean!I had to book this reservation over a month and a half prior to the desired date and I only got a 6:15pm slot. The hostesses and the server were great so I have to show my appreciation to them. But, the food was not up to par; I was so overwhelmed. 
Appetizers
Half dozen fresh oysters and king crab - we started with these selections and although we enjoyed the oysters, we are kind of disappointed of the king crab. It was so small and it was a bit tough. Also, the plating needed some work - the plate did not look inviting when it was placed on our table.
Torched hamachi, orange, jalapeno - if it wasn't for the orange, this would have no flavor at all. It was very oily that you couldn't even taste the fish. 
Entrees
Grilled Black Sea Bass, Tender Broccoli, Tomato Sauce - whenever there's a sea bass on the menu, I go for it 85% of the time so I went for this. It was good but it's nothing I haven't had before. The tomato was pretty chunky tomato with broccoli - it needed some sort of carb on the dish imo
Grilled Branzino, Tabbouleh Salad, Muhammara - my hubby ordered this one and he enjoyed it. It was simple, flaky and the tabbouleh added flavor to his dish
Sides
Fried Cauliflower, Vadouvan & Yogurt - this was my favorite part of the dinner. I would order multiple of these again!
Dessert
Chocolate Ganache Cake - well, it's a chocolate cake. It wasn't as moist but it was rich. We only ate half of it and took home the rest. It tasted better the next day.
Beverages
I ordered a couple old fashioned cocktails which was not on the menu but they made it SO good
Again, the service was impeccable. I just wish that food matched it. Would I try to obtain another reservation anytime soon? Probably not. But, I will go again in the future to try other dishes and maybe I'll change my mind.A group of us dined at Vernick Fish for a friend's birthday.  I was actually trying to take my wife here earlier in the month of December, since I was hoping for a nice meal, and then being somewhat close to Christmas festivities.  We went to the city so many times in a short window, that I cancelled or never booked the reservation, so I was happy when my friend suggested coming here.  
As our group ordered a small plate here and a large plate there, eventually the waiter got to me.  I ordered about three small plates, with the waiter inquiring if my wife and I would be sharing.  Yes, we will be sharing, but she'll be adding a lot more stuff that she wants too.  Maybe we went with six small plates, trying to taste a larger variety of foods. 
The raw came out first, because it's the easiest to prepare.  Salmon Belly tartare and lattice chips, along with fluke.  The fluke bite might have been one of the best bites of the night.  Almost like candy.  Fish candy, but still good.  I loved the contrast of the salmon belly to the chips too.  Combining those bites were fantastic, but eating the salmon on it's own too worked just fine.  
Eventually the rest came out.  Octopus carpaccio, gnocchi and tuna, seared scallops, and squid pad thai.  The Octopus wasn't bad at all, but it was my least favorite dish of the night.  In retrospect, my wife and I felt we could have not ordered that.  Wasn't that memorable.  The tuna and gnocchi was so good and I'm pretty sure we ordered that from checking out our fellow yelpers.  The scallops were seared perfectly.  There were two there, but I wanted my wife to enjoy as much of that as possible.  I ate a small bite and enjoyed it, but dreaded having to hear about my wife mention the sear the next time I prepare scallops...  The squid pad thai was so different, but since we didn't order a large plate dinner, this was so welcomed as a cool/refreshing bite in between bites of our other food.  The flavors came through and really helped balance our meal.I was so excited to get reservations for an early dinner to celebrate a friend's birthday but halfway through dinner I wished we had gone somewhere else. The service was beyond terrible. In fact, the server actually snapped at us several times during the meal making the entire experience absolutely dreadful.  As far as the food goes, the first two courses were very good. We got the lobster lettuce cups and spicy tuna tartar which was delicious. Next course was grilled shrimp and gnocchi which was also very good. Unfortunately our entrees were served while one of our guests was in the restroom and were cold by the time we started eating them. It's hard to rate cold fish so I will reserve commenting on the sea bass and swordfish. I love the vibe and decor but music was unnecessarily loud making it very difficult to have a conversation with the people at your table. I'm definitely not in a hurry to come back any time soon.Best meal I have had in a long time! Absolutely amazing from start to finish. Tuna tartare was probably the best I've ever had. Squid ink pasta with clams was incredible, as well. And do not forget the red velvet cake! My husband enjoyed an espresso martini that he said was perfect. Can't wait to go back! Service was also amazing.I personally still like the original Vernick better for both food and atmosphere but Vernick Fish is a good addition to the Philly restaurant scene.  I
have eaten there twice now and the food both times were very good, not great but very good.  However, as with most places the atmosphere and service adds to the experience and Vernick Fish provided a great experience on both fronts.  The service is slow for dinner but the servers were attentive and helpful.  The food all tasted very fresh and well prepared but didn't have the clean strong flavors as the dishes from the original Vernick.  I would not hesitate to go back and it's nice to have a good seafood option in Rittenhouse outside of Oyster House.  Oyster House is amazing and food is so consistent but it's nice to have another alternative.I don't normally write reviews.  I've had some epic meals across the globe, with a strong bias towards the West Coast and Asia.  It's a shame the Michelin guide for the United States is limited to Chicago and NYC (we have an embarrassment of riches in California, which has its own, separate guide).  The shame is that Vernick Fish won't receive the recognition it (or Vernick himself) deserves.
A 10/10 flawless dinner from start to finish.  Highlights include:
*Uni deviled egg with Ossetra (a can't-miss indulgence)
*Hamachi crudo with XO sauce (two of the most delicious ingredients around)
*Sardines on toast (pure umami)
*Black seabass with basil and burrata (completely against the "fish and cheese" faux pas, all the more delicious for doing so)
*Bread with seaweed-lemon butter (complimentary - the butter is pure genius).
*Mango-passionfruit sorbet (delightfully tart and fragrant)
*Cherry crème fraîche ice cream (sweet and light)
Paired with a delicious Crèment de Jura (sparkling Chardonnay) suggested by the GM, the flavors and complexity will provide ample inspiration in my own cooking for a long time to come.
Our server Krystin and GM Neil were on-point all evening.   A truly memorable dinner!  I will be sure to return on my next visit to Philadelphia.Went last night for the second time (first time we ate at bar). Beautiful restaurant. Long bar with ample seats. Bartender make wonderful drinks.
My wife really enjoyed everything she had, I'm not a big seafood person, but the salad and the chicken was fantastic. We had a wonderful dessert and cappuccino.  Our server was prompt, knowledgeable and polite .Our dinner at Vernick Fish was extraordinary, from start to finish. Service, atmosphere, and food were all exceptional, and the night ended up being a very special experience for my partner's birthday. 
Service. From the moment we arrived and the hostess not only greeted us with a smile but wished my partner a happy birthday (those details are so important!), the service was (almost) impeccable. The pace was perfect, our water and wine glasses were never empty, and everyone we interacted with (including the server - not our own - who showed me where the restroom was located) was pleasant and accommodating. The only minor issue was that we could have used more information about some of the plates, especially the oysters. We ordered two different kinds, they came on the same plate, and we had to wait for someone to come over and tell us which was which - and no one told us what the two accompanying sauces were. 
Atmosphere. Beautiful space - more modern, darker, not as "home-y" as Vernick, perfect for a special dinner! There was a good distance between tables. Great music selection and not too loud. A gorgeous place to have a meal. 
Food (this is what you're here for, right?). Incredible. We kept talking about what we would re-order when we return (everything - except there also were 6+ other dishes that we would have loved to try!). Here's the breakdown: 
Bread & Butter. Always a lovely way to start a meal, and Vernick's bread never disappoints! (Complimentary bread is always appreciated nowadays, too.) 
Cape May Salt & Moondancer Oysters. Fresh & delicious. We like the salinity of east coast oysters, and these were excellent! The sauces were also wonderful - the green (cilantro?) I could have eaten with a spoon. 
Scallop Tartare. One of my favorite dishes of the night! Seasoned so well. The chips are wonderful. 
King Oyster Mushrooms. Why go to a seafood restaurant and order a vegetable side? Because they are UNBELIEVABLE. My partner is not a mushroom lover, and this was his favorite dish of the night! Get them! 
Oysters "Philadelphia Style." Oysters + broccoli rabe + provolone + parmesan = weird, you would think. They were outstanding. The brininess of the oysters was a nice surprise in an otherwise very Philly dish.
Swordfish. Now, we never order swordfish because of environmental issues. But we decided to go for it. I was disappointed when it first came out - the cut was thinner and smaller than I expected. But it was cooked perfectly, and the tomatoes and squid garnishes were great accompaniments. 
Tres Leches Cake. Somehow... we saved room for dessert, and having read all the rave reviews we had to try this - it was wonderful. Not too sweet and the perfect end to the meal. (Followed by salt water taffy with the bill - nice touch!) 
Wine list was reasonable, interesting choices, some local. We did not try cocktails, but will next time! 
Greg Vernick has hit the ball of of the park AGAIN. We will be back (for a special meal) as soon as we possibly can. Thanks to everyone for making our special occasion so memorable!You know how a lot of times restaurants that are in hotels only have mediocre food...this is absolutely not one of those times!! Anyone that tells me that they are coming to Philly, I tell them to come to the Four Seasons and eat ar Vernick Fish. 
Because they are in the heart of the city, your only option is public parking, unless you are staying at the hotel. There are plenty of garages or lots right by the restaurant. Vernick Fish is pretty much a "special occasion" restaurant, but every day is a special occasion to me!  Vernick is known to be a oyster restaurant, but I don't eat oysters so I can't tell you how good they are. But every says they are amazing! What I can tell you is that everything I've had there has been better than great!! But the show stopper for me is their ceviche and believe it or not, I'm not a ceviche lover. I've had the snapper and halibut ceviche and I eat 2 orders every single time. I can't understate how good the ceviche is! Ceviche doesn't have a whole of ingredients, so it has to be the fresh fish and whatever secret addicting drug that the put in it! 
They have an amazing cocktail menu and their bartenders are beyond amazing! The service is outstanding each and every time, I've been! 
I'm hoping to make it to desert next time, I go! 
One of my favorite places in Philly!It was lovely and my complaints few. The food is literally made to order. I watched each dish being made. So much labor but worth every painstaking moment. My only complaint was the lobster was over salted, and I know why. I watched the chef using two large pinches  for each order. It was a sin because it was wonderful otherwise. We had the beef tartar with gofrettes . Excellent! The lobster salad on lettuce leafs were great. . I asked for sea scallops seared which they accompaniments off menu . As excellent as they were they were not hot. Ugg! My buddy had the octopus which was beautiful. We ordered the side of potatoes and they might have been the best dish. They sent over a zucchini squash dish. It was very nice. The space is gorgeous. The service excellent. Just a few missteps from the kitchen. Could be one of the best restaurants in the city with a bit more attention.  Chef walking the floor. Maybe a bit more attention to the kitchen and not the high rollers. I get it but this is so close to being amazing.Vernick Fish, a modern venue, transparent kitchen, a seafood forward menu, and none the least, founded by Greg Vernick. I was sold the moment they opened. Let's cut to the chase, I really enjoyed my experience! To no surprise, Vernick Fish reminded me very much of Vernick Food and Drink. Elevated cooking, fine dining, and a unique experience. Service was superb, one of the best in Philly, in my opinion. I appreciated the attention to detail, systematic approach to plating, table setting, and clean up. Our server always followed the same protocol and was very meticulous. She was also quite knowledgeable of the menu and had some excellent recommendations. Service: 10/10
Now food. Perusing their extensive seafood menu, my partner and I gravitated towards the Raw and Small Plates. Unfortunately, the large plates didn't sell us as it seemed a bit fusionized. For some reason, we weren't feeling adventurous, but I'm sure all their large plates are excellent! 
TL:DR: refined technique, fresh ingredients, and harmonious composition! I will admit, however, it is a little bit on the pricier end of the spectrum. If you can appreciate the thought and preparation going into each dish, I would say it is worth a try!
Little Shot oysters & Love shot oysters: The oysters were creamy and not super briney, exactly what we were going for (shout-out to our server for the rec). I was a touch disappointed by the lack of sauces that were provided; however, still a good first bite. I think if they had a staple sauce like aioli or something new and acidic vs a hot sauce, cocktail sauce, and ginger sauce, it would have me running back for more.
Red snapper ceviche...GET IT! Absolutely excellent. Super refreshing and bright with the avocado, jicama, and lime. Wish I ordered another serving. 
Hamachi Crudo, also a MUST! Personally, my favorite for the night. This dish melts in your mouth. Fresh cut of Hamachi served on a beautiful oil base and topped with sweet potato puree and a touch of sea salt. Excellent, excellent dish. The texture of the salt and sweet potato elevated the Hamachi while the base infused every ingredient in your mouth. 
Tuna tartare: was pretty good and was definitely a fan of the sesame seeds and smokey sourdough. My suggestion for this dish would be to use a small slice of bread to break up the tuna and be a little cleaner to eat. 
Potato Gnocchi with lobster: a very good dish that reminds me of lobster Mac and cheese. Since moving to Philly, I've noticed lobster Mac and cheese come up a lot, and personally, I'm not a huge fan. That being said, this is similar (in my opinion), but definitely taken to another level. I hope I'm not undermining the complexity of the dish, but if that's what they were going for, they hit it on the head. If not, I would suggest they reduce the amount of cheese and crumb to highlight the lobster and truffles. 
Pan Roasted Prawns: also an excellent dish. Take note, these prawns are meaty and firm. If you're going for smooth and silky, I would suggest another plate. Sadly, the dressing was a tad over salted, but luckily the prawns were seasoned beautifully. One last critique on this dish, I wish they plated something other than the cabbage, something that complimented the main.
Excellent performance from Vernick Fish overall. It's definitely up there on my list of favorites. I would recommend for a special occasion while keeping in mind the price. 
P.S. I wish I took pictures of the first half of the night. My partner and I were way to eager to eat.My new favorite restaurant in the city!!
This is my second time here and I had a wonderful experience both times. Will definitely come back and recommend everyoneee! The interior and the layout of the restaurant is very pretty. 
Service was amazing. All of the staff were super nice and attentive.
Food was delicious! We loved every single dish. From the complimentary bread/seaweed butter to the tuna foie gras and all. Everything was prepared just right and presentation was on point too.
Only downside is.. the dessert menu is just slices of cakes and drinks.Very nice seafood restaurant in Philly! The place was comfortable, bright and modern. We went for lunch on a Saturday and the service was excellent as was the food. The sangria mocktail was refreshing with ginger flavor. We had napa cabbage shrimp salad to start and it was very fresh and flavorful. I ordered the soft poached egg, andouille, jasmine rice with creole sauce. It was nice, a tad salty but flavors were good. The egg was perfect!We were visiting the husband's office upstairs and decided we had to try Vernick Fish and we are so glad we did.
The interior of the restaurant is nice and bright, clean, chic, full of floral accents.
We ordered the salmon with the crispy rice, sea bass, chirashi bowl, salmon belly tartare, and the hen of the woods (mushrooms).
Salmon was cooked to perfection. And that crispy rice was my favorite of the meal. So flavorful and literally every single grain of rice was crispy!!! Simply incredible.
Sea bass was creamy and seasoned perfectly.
Salmon tartare was probably my least favorite. Yummy but it was pretty basic covered in a lot of mayo flavor.
Chirashi bowl was very good. They did a good job seasoning the rice and the sashimi pieces were fresh.
It was such an amazing experience and we will be returning to try more.Loved the ambiance, loved the service. Some of the food was the best of its kind I've ever had. Oysters were excellent, spicy tuna tartare was fabulous, brussel sprouts were great, and harissa shrimp was great. Cocktails were awesome. We ordered the trout, and this was a definite miss- flavors did not go well together with the flavor of the fish. The wine by glass (rose brut then rose) was okay, not great. But we really loved the majority of our food, so will likely be back!Excellent experience all around. Amazing drinks, great oysters, best fish we've had, and a very nice waitress. They even brought a complimentary dessert not on the menu.Outstanding in every way.  Food delicious and unique, atmosphere elegant without pretension, and servers attentive without intrusion.  We were part of a celebration of 11 people so able to try a lot of different dishes and nothing disappoints.Had an amazing dinner last night to celebrate my birthday. The food was great. If you go, don't miss the clam ragout with beignets or the black ink pasta. Also delicious was the tuna with tagliatelle, the stuffed squid and the spicy tuna tartare. My friend enjoyed a seared tuna app with black olives and capers (a special). Another really liked the Fritto misto. 
Even better, the service and ambiance matched the food. Our server, Christine was knowledgeable about the menu, made wonderful suggestions and was warm and gracious without hovering. Bread was replenished without asking, water glasses remained filled. The bartender whipped up a special tiki-style drink for me. And for the first time in a long while, our table could comfortably carry on a conversation. While certainly there was an energetic vibe, the noise was blunted by among other things, fabric walls. More businesses should consider making smart choices for their clientele. 
The four of us also appreciated that we were not crowded in to a room, forced to sit cheek-to-jowl with our fellow diners. Like others have mentioned, desserts are not as strong as the rest of the menu. Certainly there were winners (a friend enjoyed his Chocolate Ganache cake, another the coconut pie) but my red velvet cake was on the dry side and fell short compared to the rest of my meal. That said, I'd return in a heartbeat!
Well done, Greg Vernick. You have another winner on your hands!This is absolutely one of the most glamorous restaurants on the scene right now, obviously I was there before the Pandemic. Drinks are beautifully prepared food is flawless and tasty (if you like seafood), and service was surprisingly unpretentious and warm. My complaint and I shared it with the hostess was a sort of disconnect between the piped in music and the surround, it seemed more appropriate to a dentist office or Sears store than one of Philly's hot spots. But I complained because I was definitely coming back.Beautiful decor, wonderful decorum from the servers, but food was not as delicious as the hype made it to be. 
appetizer: 
- salmon belly dish, disappointment because I adore salmon belly which is suppose to be a rich smooth cut. However this cut of the fish was not the prime cut you expect. The bites were not the smooth and subtle sweet melt in your mouth texture, but a rather bland and veiny texture. Big no. The sauce mixed into it was also mediocre, a white creamy mayo like with herb paired with chips. 
-oyster, excellent. Must have Cadillac from Maine!
Main dish
- highly recommended Trout: did anyone warn me of bones? It was great until I reached the center cut of the fish where I bit into not only 1, but 6+ pieces of little to medium fish bones ready to pierce through my mouth. When asked about my experience from a worker, I shared with them my disappointment of the bones, but was returned with a response of "small fish can have bones"
- sea bass, refreshing and paired with a mild tomato base sauce. Very enjoyable but wasn't blown away.
Dessert
- I'll have to admit, the tres leches was my favorite. Not too sweet, and not too soggy.
Like other reviewers said, I'm not dying to catch another reservation here but would try it again when things improve especially with the quality of the seafood if this is called Vernick FishHad an incredible meal here which is not surprising coming from Vernick who remains one of the best chefs in the city.  Was impressed by the design of the restaurant and the overall ambiance considering how large the restaurant is.  Just a beautiful restaurant, overall.  A lot of space between tables with the right amount of noise that made conversation easy but not awkwardly quiet.  
Starting with drinks, I had a cocktail that was a riff on a dirty martini but with mezcal and it was probably the best cocktail I've had in the city.  So balanced and drinkable.  The wine list was also great.  
In terms of food, we started with the spicy tuna and hamachi tartares with the house made potato chips which were delicious.  The smoke raw salmon with the fried quail egg yolk and shave Parmesan dish we had was one of the best bites of food we've had in a while, a must order.  Not far behind this was the spicy clam with beignets, truly amazing.  For our entree we shared the Bronzino which was perfectly cooked with amazing flavor from the sauce combined with  kale and pomegranate salad.  
Dessert was a huge disappointment in comparison to the quality of the rest of the menu.  
Aside from dessert, this restaurant is as good as it gets.  Will surely be back.Oh boy, what a meal! Vernick Fish is fantastic. The space is BEAUTIFUL, so well designed and very romantic. My boyfriend and I celebrated our anniversary here in October and we were so glad we did! We had the halibut ceviche (5/5), spicy tuna tartare (4.5/5), fluke w/ brown butter & hazelnut (4/5), octopus carpaccio (3/5), hen of the woods (5/5), and the salt & vinegar potatoes (4.5/5). We were comped a raw fish course that we didn't catch the name of, but it was awesome! The only thing I was disappointed by was the octopus carpaccio, we would not order this again. We ordered 2 desserts and were comped a 3rd, all were amazing!
Such a great meal and a fantastic experience, we can't wait to go back!