Super fast food but really you have to take it with you because there is no seating.  I had the fresh rolls with tofu and it came with plenty of delicious peanut sauce, including crushed peanuts on the side!  I also had a pork bahn mi sandwich - it didn't look like anything special when I opened it up but it was REALLY GOOD. Just the right amount of filling to bread ratio! And so many flavors! I would go back.I have been craving Pho didn't feel like going out the house today so I searched and found Vietnam Express. They had just what I needed. The pho was just as I had anticipated that it would be. It was great. I would order from them again.Great banh mi at very reasonable prices (especially in the Rittenhouse area)! The grilled and tofu banh mis were both really good and flavorful. I'll definitely make this a regular lunch spot!Love this place. Its super cheap and the food is pretty good. Ive only had the bbq pork banh mi and its really good & only 6$. Cheapest lunch you can get in center city. 
It is tiny though so more of a pickup location. There is a small bar style table by window which may fit 3 people. YouI am so glad this place exists. I live around the corner and pop in often on my walk home from the train after work. I rarely order ahead because they are so quick with the takeout pho (haven't had the banh mi). I think the broth is excellent, their packaging is ingenious, and they are super nice to me whenever I go. Good value. Highly recommend!I went here for bubble tea, bad idea!
This place only had random flavors (e.g. avacado, watermelon, etc.) and not the traditional milk tea bubble tea. 
My mom got the avacado bubble tea which was watery and tasted like sugar water and my sister got the taro tea which was too sweet.
I decided not to get bubble tea based on my taste test of my mom and sisters bubble tea.
If your looking for traditional bubble tea, do not go here!Loved the grilled steak in my Steak Bun when I ordered my first take-out there. Unfortunately they missed to put sauce in my take-out the second time I ordered Steak Bun, and I ended up eating plain noodles. Don't think I will go back again.I ordered the chicken Pho and Bhan Mei  sandwich. The Bhan Mei was very good.the Pho was Ok, not as good as Pho 75 or Vietnam but the location is walking distance from my place.I'm Vietnamese so I know my Vietnamese food.  So far this place is pretty decent. 
Service: Everyone's nice but for four people standing behind that counter, things seem to move really slowly.  They don't seem very efficient.
Food:
Banh Mi with grilled pork and pate: Meat is good. Sometimes they don't assemble the sandwich right and the pickled carrots soak through the bread and make it really soggy.  I guess you can always ask for it to be put in a separate container and add it when you get home (there's barely any place to eat there).  They don't seem to consistently toast their bread. It should always be crunchy on the outside. 
Bun house special: I think their menu has a bad translation. It's not pork chop. It's the usual grilled pork you would get at any other Vietnamese restaurant.  This came with grilled pork, three grilled shrimp and one egg roll.  The pork was good.  The egg roll used the right wrappers but the filling was like an egg roll from a Chinese restaurant.  Tasted fine, but it's not a Vietnamese spring roll if that's what you're expecting.A whole new Vietnamese restaurant in the heart of the city to grab and go for everyone!l Excellent service from friendly staff is always a plus with their awesome food and the price point. I had one of their banh mi sandwiches, the char siu, and it was great. The meat was nice and juicy and wasn't dry at all. The bread. The bread was also good as it wasn't too hard or too soft. 
Having only one of their items and was surprised how good it was for an express spot, makes me want to go and try everything else. Since the weather is starting to cool down, I'll probably try the pho next. The question is, which one first? 
Keep up the good work and hope to visit soon!I'm happy with this new place and location. 
I ordered a grilled pork bahn mi to go.  I got home and didn't get to eat it for another hour and it was still delicious.  The pork itself was flavored really well and combined with the veggies really made for a delicious lunch. 
I will go back here again.Well can't say anything bad here , the counter women was attentive , attractive , friendly and helped me order and made great suggestions , the Vietnamese ice coffee is so addicting , will be visiting here with friends and coworkers  I can't wait to visit here again this will be my new favorite lunch spotI've gotten a few different things from here, and the food is pretty tasty. The cold cut bahn Mi was good as well as their vermecilli. I think the only thing I would complain about is that the fish sauce they use to serve with the vermicilli and eggroll is a bit off from the traditional fish sauce I've had. It seems to be diluted with lots of water or something, and flavor is very lacking. I would have to add sugar and salt when i get to my office. Other than their fish sauce that I am not a fan of, overall this place is great for lunch.Grilled Pork Banh Mi and Vietnamese coffee!! I am in love with this place!! Best service and much needed in Rittenhouse!! You'll see me often!Just visited this cute little take-out shop today!! So worth it. I always love Viet food - Pho, Summer Rolls and Bahmni. So happy that they have an authentic one in center city. Because it is a takeout place, the price is very reasonable too. I tried all three of my favourite today with a friend. They are all delicious. Recommend beef and pork bahmni. They marinated thw meat very well and I am still thinking of it right now. Definitelly will go back one of those lunch time ;) Also, the service is great!!!Was overwhelmed at work and needed to grab a quick bite during my lunch. I ran out quickly saw a small line outside this place. It looked like it was going quick, so I gave it a shot. It actually breezed by fast! The service was quick and they were super patient with my indecisiveness lol. 
I had the grilled pork banh mi sandwich, veggie spring rolls and Vietnamese iced coffee. The iced coffee was the perfect pick me up for work for the rest the day and the spring rolls was fried to perfection. The banh mi sandwich satisfied my cravings as the it was filled perfectly so that the bread wasn't overpowering. 
Definitely making this my go to for my work lunches!!Lunch was so good tbat i went back for dinner! Very fresh and flavorful! Perfect for on the go luncb! Highly recommend!Ill come everyday for the eye round i ate at 3 other places but i prefer this place and they also deliver when you feeling lazy the delivery guy is awesome and quick...over all staff does a outstanding job and friendly they wont close until you get your foodI was excited to find this place in Center City to satisfy my frequent banh mi cravings, and I was not disappointed! They even have the ham cold cuts, which I've discovered is not always offered when places advertise banh mi. Cheap and fast. I'm happy and my craving was satisfied. 
$10 card minimum. A banh mi + Vietnamese coffee put me at $10.12, which was just so delightful. Coffee was subpar in flavor - probably wouldn't order it again, but they have a wide variety of other drinks including bubble milk teas. 
Interesting discovery that their prices in person were significantly cheaper ($2 less for the banh mi, $1 for certain drinks) when ordering in the store than through Eat24/Grubhub/Seamless. I was on the fence about a drink and thought I would get around the $10 minimum by ordering a sandwich for pickup, but I'm glad I briefly lost reception on the trolley and ended up walking into the store instead! 
Given the convenient location and lack of banh mi spots in the vicinity, I anticipate coming through here a lot in the future.FYI: there's a $10 credit card minimum!!
We tried this place out after walking past it a bunch of times and since we live right around the corner, we figured why not.
WHAT WE GOT: Grilled pork banh mi and beef brisket pho
PROS: Well I have to say, despite the size of their store front, this place delivers huge flavors with fun personality. The place is catered towards delivery and pick up, but there are a few bar stools for you to dine in if you want. Since they're mostly about take out though, their packaging system is pretty bomb. The pho is given to you with its components separated. So you get a big thing of broth, the noodles, the sauce, and the other condiments individually packed so you combine everything at home. And the noodles themselves tasted bomb. Nice chewy texture coupled with a rich warm broth. Ugh yes. The banh mi was also amazing, with nicely sized slices of the grilled pork. The pickled veggies (absolute favorite) cut through the heaviness a bit and their spread on the inside of the roll tasted great combined with everything else.
CONS: Not much to say. Satisfies my Vietnamese food craving, cheap, and fast to get. Nothing bad about it.Their name is exactly what you get! Authentic Vietnamese dishes made and delivered fast. Their grilled pork chop and grilled shrimp platter is to die for. I've tried a few other dishes and so far love every single one of them. Service is professional, both fast and accurate. The person who takes the order is very friendly and the delivery guy is great. Food is always neatly packed. Not to mention they're prices are reasonable. Highly recommend this place!We had the pho and a chicken plate to go. Portions were a little small but the flavor was good. The chicken was cut into surprisingly thin pieces, but it turned out fine. Will be back next time we're looking for Vietnamese food!I am not familiar with traditional Banh Mi like some of the other reviewers, but I am quite familiar with delicious food - this place has delicious food !!!!! I had my first meal there about 3 weeks ago and I now visit them minimum of 3 times per week! Grilled pork Banh me is now my favorite thing to eat, and I can never get enough Pho! Also, shoutout to the entire staff - they are super friendly and ALWAYS in such a great mood. Welcome to the neighborhood.Came here for some takeaway lunch. It's a cozy little shop with not much room for sitting, so it seems like most of their orders are takeout. The people behind the counter were super friendly the whole time, and my food came out quickly. My takeout bag even included a small hand wipe, so cute! Just be aware there is a $10 credit card minimum. I ordered a grilled pork banh mi and some pork and shrimp summer rolls to go, which came out to be a little less than $11. Now I am in no way a Vietnamese food expert (in fact, it was my first time eating a banh mi!), but I'll try my best here.
The summer rolls were nicely packaged with a big container of peanut sauce. The fact that I unashamedly downed it all after I was done should speak to how much I love peanut sauce. The rolls themselves were good, the wrappers weren't overly chewy or soft, and the shrimp and pork were nicely proportioned. I was surprised by the minty punch in the face (or mouth?) I received on my first bite, but I think that's because I wasn't expecting it. Mint isn't really my thing, but I enjoyed the rolls thoroughly doused in some peanut sauce. Would I get them again though? Probably not. It just wasn't mint to be.
The banh mi was still toasty by the time I started eating it. It was filled with mayo, cucumbers, pork, pickled radish and carrots, jalapenos, and garnished with some cilantro. I liked all the fillings. The mayo was creamy and balanced by the sweet and sour pickled veggies and salty pork. My only complaint would be the bread, which, while a little crunchy on the outside (I think it could've been even crunchier), was a bit too tough and chewy for me. Otherwise a pretty good tasting banh mi with just a hint of spice from the jalapenos. I don't have a great spice tolerance, so I liked not having to down glasses of water after eating the sandwich.
All in all a good meal!I was very excited to try this place tonight, as I just moved to the neighborhood and am looking for a new Vietnamese spot (normally I go to South Philly, but since this place is only 3 blocks from my new apartment I thought I'd give it a try) I looked online and their hours were posted as open until 9pm. I walked over, arriving at 8:42- knowing this is mostly a takeout place and I would be able to get my food and take it home before hey closed at 9pm. I walked in with more than 15 minutes until closing, was stared at, and told rudely that they were already closed (ok, then why was the door unlocked?) I double checked the sign as I was leaving to see if maybe the hours on the internet were wrong, but alas, the sign said 9:00pm, too. No biggie if you need to close early, but you should lock the door and put a sign up saying you're closed instead of letting me walk in and then stare me down because I was under the impression you were still open. I guess I'll stick with Pho Street!This is my first yelp review and felt necessary.  I have been working in the Rittenhouse area for years and begging for a "true" Pho shop and this place delivered.  Small store front, but I manage to dine in at the little window bar area.   Although the place is tight and may not look visually appealing, the food is amazing and the Pho is top notch.  I hight recommend it.Stale Bun!..french baguette?...Nope!
Was overly excited to have a banh mi spot close to work, but this was a little under whelming.  Let's face it, a Banh Mi is pretty hard to screw up if you get the basic ingredients down.  However, when you're serving a stale bun to your customers, this is a big No No.  All the cold cuts, pate, mayo were basically there and so were the pickled daikon/carrots (kinda bland though), but again....stale BUN!!!   What's up with that?!
Summer rolls and vermicelli noodles were ok though.  No complaints there.  But come on....a banh mi with a stale bun!? Tisk Tisk.Decent Viet hoagie if you're in the area. 
I'm a traditionalist so I only the cold cut banh mi. The banh mi is fairly large with all the correct ingredients with the exception of the bread--no crusty baguette. That wasn't necessarily a bad thing as the bread was toasted and had a nice bite and chew to it. 
The meats were cut on the thick side or we can call it rustic cut lol. The pate was nice and generous portion. The Mayo/butter spread was also generous. Having these two ingredients makes or breaks a banh mi... I know many "new" banh mi lovers don't enjoy it but that's what really makes a banh mi a banh mi. Not sure if it was the warm bread or what, but the Mayo butter spread was dripping a bit... Never really happened to me. Needed a bit more pickled carrot and radish. 
Overall, fair price for a good banh mi in Rittenhouse.Love Vietnam Express. So sad they moved from rittenhouse to Chinatown. Ali was awesome and so was the rest of the staff. The beef broken rice platter always hit the spot. Viet cold cuts hoagies reminded me of childhood. Bubble tea was my quick fix. Well worth the price and saved me a trip to go to Chinatown when they were 2 blocks away from my jobI have only had the traditional bahn mi and the grilled pork so far, but I will definitely be going back to check out the rest of the menu. Grilled pork bahn mi is my favorite so far. Staff is friendly. Short wait for food. A welcome addition to the Rittenhouse restaurants!$10 minimum on card.
Cheap, no frills Viet food. This place has all of my favorite things in one place: pho, boba, banh mi, bun, rice platters, and rolls. It's really tiny and has 4 stools and a bar table top if you want to eat there. Otherwise, it looks to be a grab your food and eat it at home type of place. 
Definitely a lot easier to access this place when you're craving Vietnamese food and don't wanna walk to Chinatown.  
Banh mi is solid. Really enjoy the bread they use and they're not skimpy on the jalapeños, adding a really nice bit of spice.
The pho is not your Pho 75 or Pho 20, but it is really solid. The broth is very meaty and tasty. All of the toppings are fresh and packaged really well.
If you're gonna get the pho to-go and not eat it right away, do it some justice and get the noodles uncooked so they're not all soggy and gross when you eat them. 
P.S. where the hell did Thai Singha House go? lolJust had my first bahn mi from Vietnam Express and was not disappointed.  I'll admit that I was a little disappointed when Thai Singa House To Go closed up shop (no more drunken noodles :( ), but this a more-than-suitable replacement and will be added to the lunch rotation.  About the bahn mi...like others, I felt like there could have been a little more meat (I got the char siu), but the other ratios were on point and the flavor profile was bang on!  The char siu had a nice sweetness to it that complemented the heat from the jalepeno nicely.  I did expect a bit more char on it.  The mayo and pate weren't dripping out of the roll, and the carrots and cucumber provided a nice crunch, a perfect foil to the creamy pate.  The service could have been a bit more personable, but they were pretty busy, so I'll chalk up the lack of engagement to that fact.  I'll definitely be back.  I can't wait to try the pho, bun, and other bahn mi.I'm thankful there is a Vietnamese restaurant within a short walk of my apartment now. While we can order delivery from Chinatown, this place is more convenient.
Not my go-to place but overall the pho is good. The broth is flavorful. Different flavor than most pho I've tried but I like it. It's on the sweeter side.  Always piping hot even by the time I get it home. 5 stars for the packaging.
My only complaint is that we've had difficulty ordering over the phone which probably caused our order to be messed up.This place has potential, but I have to give it 2 stars based on the value.  I ordered the round eye steak pho for 9.50.  Usually, this is on the higher end of the spectrum for Pho.  But I'm not willing to complaint so long as the meat is plentiful.  But there was HARDLY any meat in there.
The portions are really small.  I would have gave it 1 star, but the broth and the taste are actually pretty good.  The noodles are soft, so I like that. I don't understand why they are charging so much.  I understand that the location is in center city, but that doesn't excuse it for giving so little food for that much money.  If they only gave more meat, noodles, sriracha and broth, I would give this 5 stars for real. 
For now, I won't be coming back here unless I'm really craving pho and not willing to travel to chinatown.  There are other competing pho places coming into center city so hopefully the competition will force them to lower the prices.  The prices are ridiculous.  At least give more food!So glad this place opened up to satisfy all my Pho cravings. Prior to Vietnam Express opening up the only options were over a mile from Center City and required an Uber or Caviar (food delivery) services. 
As I alluded to, this place is perfect for satisfying your boba (bubble tea), Pho, Banh mi, etc cravings, but didn't going to blow your mind in any way. 
Space: The place is set up more for take out. They have a row of 3 bar stool chairs, but can get tight if many people were visiting during that time. 
Food: The food is decent. The pho soup lacks the complexity in flavors of really good pho, but is definitely good bang for your buck. The portion is good - lots of noodles, and a decent amount of meat. the Sprouts that came prepackaged didn't seem to be very fresh - they had probably been sitting for awhile. 
Packaging: This is important if you are doing takeout. Their packaging of the food is A+. Rather than coming in small containers that require you to use a separate bowl at home, they package the noodles in a bowl that is actually big enough to be used while eating the pho. 
This is my new go to for Pho, especially on a cold day.Simple and yummy! The tofu bun is my favourite!I've had a lot of pho in the city and was pretty excited to see a new place open up in the Rittenhouse area.  After all, it is right near my new job!  While I find all pho to meet minimum requirements, Vietnam Express' didn't go much beyond A-Ok.
To be fair, my order was for take out.  I have to give them credit, they really knew how to package pho to go!  Key ingredients were separated, yet my meal was easy to assembly once I got home.  
Likewise, the portion seemed fair as well.  Getting their house special, I had plenty of beef and brisket.  I ended up with seemed like a double serving of noodles as well.
Where Vietnam Express lands flat is the rest of the value proposition.  $12 for a bowl of pho is a bit much, even for the Rittenhouse area.  I mean, I'm not expecting Chinatown prices, but double digits for a bowl? As for the quality, it was just ok - dab in the middle of my philly pho experiences.
Don't take this review as me writing them off.  I think they have potential and may be back near term to try their Banh Mi.  Maybe the pho would have been experienced better dining in as well.  Given the proximity to work, I'll give them another go sooner rather than later and will update accordingly.Went here 30 minutes before closing and got the brisket pho takeout, which took 5 minutes. The broth came in its own container while the noodles, beef, and seasoning were in the bowl. The order also comes with bean sprouts, jalapeno slices, basil leaves, and a few slices of lime. The order also comes with chopsticks, plastic utensils, hot sauce. It took me 10 minutes to walk home but the broth was still steaming hot, which is a good sign. The stuff in the bowl and the raw veggies looked relatively fresh, although the meat is cooked (although I wouldn't expect raw meat from a takeout place).
The portions are decent, and this is coming from a guy who eats a lot (1 chipotle burrito isn't enough). They give you a lot of noodles and an okay amount of meat. The broth was quite flavorful. Overall for a small takeout place like this the food exceeded expectations, and I will definitely be coming back for more pho. 
Update: Went back here and the GF got food poisoning from takeout pho. It took her 3 days to recover and there was no other food she ate that day besides the pho.Amazing!!!!!:
-bubble tea
-Pho
-costumer service
-fast and efficient
I'm coming back!!!Decent food at good price. I was looking for Vietnamese sandwiches near the shopping area and found this place. Got one grilled pork and one tofu sandwiches, a Viet coffee, and summer rolls. The summer rolls with pork and shrimp taste very authentic to me, so did the grilled pork Banh mi. Right amount of flavor and juiciness. I've had QT sandwiches before (a more popular place) but this one seems more memorable. 
The tofu is a bit too salty. But they both came with generous amount of pickled radish and carrots. The coffee was strong but not as flavorful as others that I've tried. Would still come back for more in the future and recommend this place though.I love soup, especially Pho. I walked by this place a few times and it's only a few blocks from my office so when a co-worker suggested we check it out I was down.
The place is tiny and although it has a tiny counter imagine eating here would feel very congested during the lunch rush hour. I was nervous about the $10 minimum for credit cards because I so rarely carry cash  but my order came to $10.17 with tax and I was not given an issue using my card. 
The negative reviews here are really throwing me off. I got the round eye steak Pho and found the portion to be more than enough.. I'm talking enough for 2 full meals (I swear I'm a hungry person). Everything tasted great and was packaged nicely. The broth was still steaming by the time I got back to my office. 
Overall I'm excited to have a Pho place so close to my office and home and will def. be back.Wow...their delivery package game is fleek. 
.....so fleek I took everything out the bag started clapping
I ordered through Uber you know, got to pho section. They had a button for extra protein but not one for noodles. I left a note inquiring bout another portion of noodles I'd like to purchase. 
1:30 seconds or so LaTeR........courtesy phone call.... This polite young women from the restaurant greets me "Ally".....
I don't know her but I tell you what, she sounded kinda thick an spoke to me better than my wife does. 
In 50 seconds flat she went through her bag of customer service, coaxed me, hung up. I'm like bouta wake my wife on some " why can you be like her" n shit. 
20 mins later. Perfection for the pho assembly. 
-Definitely againBomb Ass Banh Mi!!! I love Banh Mi's and theirs is the best I've had in a long time. It has everything I want in a BBQ Pork Banh Mi. Their Bubble Tea's are good too especially with the Lychee balls.I went there at lunch time.It was closed.There is hardly mention of any restaurant at store front.please mention that you are service food in bar so people is aware about where this place is located.Was looking for bubble tea in center city. Went in and thought I'd get a bahn mi as well. 
Both were fantastic. I got the pork bahn mi and the pork was delicious. Had a great smoky flavor. 
Highly recommend. I'm excited to try their pho next.Decent Vietnamese food place. Staffs are very friendly. The only downside of the place is that it's too small to dine in. So it's better to call in, place your order and pick it up.I friggin love this place. It's my go to when I'm at work and want a cheap and delicious lunch option (the banh mi's are like $6!). Comparable to my local Washington Ave. Vietnamese spots. I also recently got the vermicelli with tofu and loved it! 
ATTENTION VEGETARIANS/VEGANS: not sure why other people insist this place is vegan friendly when it is absolutely not! The pho is made with beef broth (they do not have any veg broth) and the tofu is fried with fish sauce. While I eat fish, I do not mind this, however, vegetarian/vegans--this is not the place for you!! I have asked multiple times and every server is like "yeah no, we don't have an vegetarian broth." Just a heads up!Good Vietnamese food! I get delivery from here often and really enjoy the beef brisket pho and the summer rolls. Delicious peanut sauce.I come here every week. I've tried their Vietnamese rice and brisket Pho; to be honest, the Vietnamese rice platter could use more veggie... but I definitely enjoy their brisket Pho a lot. Haven't had a chance to try other Pho because I like their brisket too much! However, I must say the broth has a bit of inconsistency when it comes to saltiness (I prefer it not to be too salty...) but still wanted to give 5 starts because I enjoy the location and food they have to offer. (and want them to improve and stay in business!) One recommendation would be for them to have a lunch special which will attract even more customers.Just opened, I like the phó and especially on cold days this is my quick go to place just for that. I'm always in Chinatown and I needed a different tasting for drinks and Vietnam express has good bubble tea drinks that satisfied my craves for something new. My favorite drink is lychee smoothie.It was okay. Although, the food was flavorful. The boba tea was not! I ordered the taro boba with my shrimp rice dish, and the Boba didn't have much flavor. I think they forgot to put the sweet syrup because it had a watered down taste. Not enough seats, so it's pretty much a takeout, and delivery place.This is my go to on rainy / snowy days. This is my go to when I'm in the mood for a meaty comfort meal. This is my go to for a quick bite. Okay I go here a lot.
Authentic Vietnamese food (think Vietnamese sandwiches, pho noodles, in every variation), delicious, super affordable and doesn't skim on ingredients. 
Shoutout to the staff for being extra friendly on that one heavy snow day in early 2018 when all other food establishments were closed. That pho noodle with extra-meat easily made my day.A new take-out spot just opened yesterday where Thai Singha House used to be! (Not sure what had happened to those guys that made them close so suddenly.) 
The set up is the same: there is a bit of standing room and some stools at the window, but not much space to sit, so most people order food at the counter and take it to go. The wait isn't too long. I stopped by after work to grab a quick bite - a grilled pork banh mi - and it took 5-10 mins for them to make it. It took a bit longer than some other Vietnamese sandwich spots I've been to, but they seemed to have quite a few orders ahead of mine, even though no one else was in line. 
The sandwich itself was ok - not bad, but not the best I've had. The flavors were not very pronounced, the amount of filling was a bit thin, and the bread kind of overpowering. (It was hoagie bread, and not the usual crispy baguette.) The grilled pork was lukewarm, which leads me to think that they made it earlier in the day and reheated it, but it wasn't a big deal as I prefer this over the cold cuts. The price point was okay given the neighborhood, but I did feel hungry and had to eat some snacks afterwards. 
I believe this is the first Vietnamese spot in Rittenhouse. The price point and lack of competition will probably work in their favor in this neighborhood, but they might have to improve certain things to retain customers. Their service to me wasn't very warm and that stands out in a neighborhood where service is a priority for vendors. They just got started, so I'm willing to return to try other items as they get settled in.Finally, there's Vietnamese food in center city! Their tofu summer rolls with peanut sauce are delish & made to order. I'll be skipping the sad premade ones at TJ's from now on.
I also tried the pho with noodles only (not sure if broth is veg-friendly). Soup was packed up in high quality container, which is important for a takeout-only spot. Hoping they get set up for delivery through grubhub or yelp soon.Went here 30 minutes before closing and got the brisket pho takeout, which took 5 minutes. The broth came in its own container while the noodles, beef, and seasoning were in the bowl. The order also comes with bean sprouts, jalapeno slices, basil leaves, and a few slices of lime that come separately in saran wrap. They give you chopsticks, plastic utensils, and hot sauce as well. It took me 10 minutes to walk home but the broth was still steaming hot when I got back, which is a good sign. The stuff in the bowl and the raw veggies looked relatively fresh, although the meat is cooked (although I wouldn't expect raw meat from a takeout place).
The portions are decent, and this is coming from a guy who eats a lot (1 chipotle burrito isn't enough). They give you a lot of noodles and an okay amount of meat. The broth was quite flavorful. Overall for a small takeout place like this the food exceeded expectations, and I will definitely be coming back for more pho.Tasty, authentic, Vietnamese summer rolls made exactly as one would expect. A healthy portion of shrimp, pork and noodles. Tasted really great and was happy with the hoisin and separate peanut that was put in he bag. I was equally as big a fan with their spring rolls although they came with just a little piece of lettuce. Would have been nice to have some more to wrap them around before dipping into the fish sauce. Then again most non Vietnamese people have no idea what the hell I am talking about so maybe it makes sense they didn't give the white guy in the suit the lettuce. Either way - I will be back here. Total for both was under $10. TOmg this place has incredible Vietnamese food. We've gotten take-out twice and everything was delicious! We got summer rolls, a roast pork ban mhi and a grilled chicken and a grilled shrimp with rice noodles. All so tasty. Will definitely return here.I have been needing a place with good bahn mi, so I'm glad Vietnam Express is now in the neighborhood! At just $5-6 for a decent sized sandwich, this is going to become one of my favorite lunch spots. The service was fast and friendly.
I tried both the grilled chicken and the pork bahn mis, and both were really good. The pork was a bit more flavorful than the chicken, but both were well seasoned and not greasy. The portions were also pretty decent for the price. I wasn't expecting a cheesesteak, but a little more meat would probably have made for a better meat to bread ratio. 
It's true that the sandwiches don't come on a traditional baguette, but on hoagie bread, which I actually like more. The bread is a little chewier and holds together well. I don't think my bread got toasted, though, so I might see if they can do that next time to add a little more crunch. I will also be back to try the pho!Rittenhouse desperately needs banh mi and Vietnam Express found that niche. So, I'm giving 3 stars on their effort to bring it to the area. Service is very friendly. I had the tofu bahn mi. I did not like the roll which is a key component to a great banh mi sandwich thus the lower rating. Hopefully they will tinker with a different roll. Overall, worth giving a shot.Such a nice and friendly staff, very welcoming and helpful. The food was really quite good for take out, even after a long drive back to new hope.Ordered Char siu pork rice platter.  Not only was the portion size minuscule, the pork itself was a rubbery inedible mess that smelled bad.  Avoid at all costs."Woohoo! As good as it gets!" Is right! New vietnamese take out spot located in Rittenhouse Square! My boyfriend's company is nearby and I met up with him to grab a bite to eat today and gave this place a shot. 
We came in during the lunch rush, although inside was a bit crowded, their orders were coming out fairly quickly. The counter girls were super friendly. Greeted us with a warm smile. So service was a plus!
Their menu was simple and straight to the point which is great! Too many options and too large of a menu is overwhelming sometimes. Especially since it's such a busy area during lunch time, it's good to have a good variety of options but not too much where it's time consuming. Easy pick, order, and go. So that's a major plus.
Their prices for Pho, smoothies, and banh mi were great. Considering the area, some places tend to be a bit over price... I don't think i'm willing to pay more than $10 for Pho. They offer a combo special where you can add a bag of chip and soda/water for a extra $2! 
I ordered the meatball pho and iced viet coffee. First things first, the viet coffee: super strong. Just how I like it. The pho broth has got to be the big thing that really hooked me on it. Super rich, clear and you can taste that the broth has been brewed for a long time. Very flavor full, I didn't even need to add in any hoisin or sriracha or lime juice! Which I usually do! That's how you know they have good quality broth that they really took their time.
Definitely coming back to work my way through the menu. Food and Service really did it for me!I had the chicken bun (vermicelli) for takeout and I was impressed that the chicken was so flavorful and a little juicy. It is slightly more expensive that other Vietnamese places nearby.My friend and I came here on the night of the finals for the men's NCAA game. When I say it was LIT... it's like COVID wasn't a thing. I think it would be safer if there was an occupancy limit because everyone was close with one another, no one was wearing mask when not eating, and all that. We ordered carry out and waited for the food at the front of the restaurant. Watching the game on the big screen was crazy! I definitely like the restaurant, just wish there were more precautions in place.
I ordered the Buffalo chicken pizza with the spicy sauce... who thought of this? I need to talk to you. This was PERFECT, especially with the thin crust. I also ordered the fries and they were nothing special. But the pizza... I need it again!placed a carryout order for pho. Arrive there, and the little black girl said they don't have Pho and that she tried calling me when that was obviously a lie - no record of a call from themStopped by at 6pm on a Friday. Service was super fast. We ordered two bubble teas and a grilled chicken bahn mi. The bubble teas were awesome. Please note other non dairy friends; THEY CAN MAKE THEM WITH ALMOND MILK!!! I highly recommend the lychee jelly. It's the perfect texture and soooooo refreshing on a hot philly summer day. The chicken bahn mi was covered in delicious homemade pickle slaw. The chicken itself was good, not over dry. Mine just had Chilis in it, no spicy sauce so if you want an extra kick there is sriracha in the bar. 
Overall a nice quick simple bite. Very clean. Very pleasant. Super fast!It makes me very happy to see Vietnamese food in Center City. This place is a tiny hole in the wall that replaced the old Thai Singh House which had average Thai food. Unfortunately this place is pretty much average Vietnamese food. 
I came here with a co worker of my mine and we ended up getting three sandwiches split between the two of us. At $5.50 a sandwich, there is decent value here relative to what you would normally get in Center City. The sandwich itself is only 8 inches though so if you're hungry, you might wanna get two or split another half with someone. We ended up going with the special (dac biet, which is essentially all the Vietnamese cold cut meats), a chicken and beef. All of them had the essentials: French bread, chicken pare, pickled daikon and carrots, sliced jalapeño and cilantro so I can vouch for its authenticity. 
The bread itself, arguably the most important part of the sandwich (akin to the rice for nigiri sushi), was just your average French bread, nothing special. The meats were all okay as well but didn't have the proper proportion relative to everything else (give us more meat!). 
There are a variety of other options here as well including fruit smoothies and boba (or bubbles for all the East coasters) as well as pho. The staff who took my order was friendly and helpful but the food was relatively slow to come out. It is a small kitchen and it's a new shop which still needs to work out some kinks. I'll be back to try some items due to its convenience but it won't be a go-to spot for the time being.Pho broth is the same for all dishes I suppose including the meatless pho and chicken pho. Very bland and tastes like msg and water down canned broth. Never again. Delivery took an hour. Although they give a convenient plastic bowl to eat the pho in. We both ended up throwing everything away after few bites. Make way and spend the extra 5 mins going to south philly for some real pho. Haven't tried their banh mi, but don't think I want to since the pho is already oh so bad. Hope they do wellFYI the storefront no longer exists--you order Vietnam Express at a bar inside Bar-ly.  15 credit minimum.I've had my fair share of Banh mi, pho, bun in my lifetime, since they are my childhood staples. I'm so glad Vietnam Express popped up so close to my office! I can walk down during lunch and grab a quick bite. Today I stopped in for the first time and ordered the traditional cold cut banh mi and an avocado bubble tea.The bread really makes the sandwich and while I missed the baguette, the toasted hoagie roll held it's own and was a nice substitute, there was the perfect portion of garnish to meat ratio and childhood memories came floating back upon my first bite.
The bubble tea is different than I had, I usually always have a thick shake with tapioca bubbles, so I'm wondering if this is considered the smoothie. My co-worker piggybacked on the summer rolls and was satisfied that the portion size was large and the ingredients fresh.
The service was quick and I was in and out. When I went to pick up my order I saw some takeaway pho bowls, which is my absolute FAVORITE, so I will have to try that one next week. 
I highly recommending stopping in here for a quick meal! I am a big fan.
Another bonus is the price point, it's inline with what the average meal is for a Viet restaurant, I was nervous that per the location, that there might be a slight mark up.
All in all, it's a great addition to the eateries in Rittenhouse:)