Came here last Friday evening with a group of 5 ladies. We arrived right before closing and still had an enjoyable experience. I was nervous initially because I felt like they may have been annoyed we showed up right before they closed. Nonetheless the service and food was very good. I ordered a chicken vermicelli bowl, which was very reasonably priced and not very heavy as it was so late in the evening. I enjoyed the décor and would definitely try this place again.Very good spot. I've been here several times and they have good broth! I will definitely return to this restaurant. I've gotten a fee different soups and haven't been disappointed!The decor of the place does not look like your typical Vietnamese place. It is much nicer and cleaner and hip. 
The place was packed. I think this is due to a lot of places in the area closed until sundown for Ramadan. 
The portions are fair sized and everything tasted like your standard Vietnamese joint. No surprises. I ordered a papaya salad to be healthy. Much regret as they are not my jam. 
Service was also about average for your typical Vietnamese place. 
3.5 stars but I'll round up to 4Vietnam is THE best ever.  My family and I have been going here since forever, beginning with their original restaurant in Chinatown.  They are like family to us, Benny always comes and greets us and all of the waiters know us by name.  The service is impeccable and fast.  My favorite go to dishes are the Cha Gio, which are crispy spring rolls served with mint and iceberg lettuce...so good.  My others are the pork chops and the lime chicken, which comes with a non-heavy but savory sauce and bok choy.  THE absolute best thing on their menu is the Shaken Beef!!!  It is tender beef medallions with red onion, cilantro and some type of greens (not sure what but it is good).  It is the most delicious thing ever.  Their pho is also excellent, I recommend the beef lemongrass.  It fills you up but doesn't drag you down.  I love this place and will continue to go there until the day I die!  Everyone must visit at least once!Love this place! The food is amazing and everyone is very nice.
I love that if we ask for spicy they will actually make it spicy unlike some of these places.
I recommend the pho and pad Thai.This restaurant is excellent. The food is of good quality, great flavors all around and they even have a wonderful staff. Will be stoping by here again for sure.Wanted to like this place more than I did, but the bang for buck was disappointing, eg in terms of portions and quality.  I would check it out for lunch tho.  Bad adult compo pop playing loudly.  We got a catfish dish that was chunks deep-fried to the point of chewy dryness.  Maybe we mis-ordered?  Some things were okay/good, like the sticky rice.  Maybe the 4 star review is justified for those in the know?What a hidden gem!
Great ambiance, good service, lovely decoration. Food was reasonably priced and tasty.Was looking forward to trying this place. However, when I informed the waiter that I had a shellfish allergy, he told me it'd be best to eat elsewhere as just about everything is cross-contaminated - even dishes marked vegan/vegetarian.I thought this was not only rude of him to tell us to leave, but very irresponsible of the restaurant not to take better food safety precautions.Sitting here on the couch with a full belly, had to post a fast bump for a job well done.
This is the kind of place you'd take visiting family to eat in. They also do super fast take out. We have a squirmy wormy little baby and she loves their food, the ravioli makes nice finger food.
Top rated above most everything else out this way.SO pretty. They recently re-did this place, and it feels palatial inside. The drinks are beauties, the decor is super glamorous, and the food is pretty good, too. I must say, this doesn't get 5 stars because, for the atmosphere, I would expect perfectly-seasoned, amazing food...and while it's great, it isn't the BEST. I still love it though, and with a decor this nice, the prices are a wonderful surprise. Oh and the service is so wonderful! People really care here, and I always feel well taken care of.Went here for an early dinner around 5pm on a weekday with my brother and had a great meal. We both got rice vermicelli bowls which were reasonably priced at around $10. They had rice noodles, a meat of your choice, cucumbers, carrots, and some other veggies. with a nice light sauce of some sort. not sure exactly what it was but it had just the right amount of spice for me. 
The ambiance was nice. It had a more upscale feeling than I had expected. We were there in the daytime and they had the huge windows that make up most of the wall open. The sun was shining and a breeze was blowing. It was great. The servers were attentive and plentiful. I think we had at least three different people as our server, no problems there.
I will mention that they only had chopsticks out on the table. They may have had silverware available but I didn't ask. So if you absolutely can't use chopsticks you may wanna call ahead and ask if they have silverware. All in all, we had a great time and it was pretty darn inexpensive so I'll definitely be back in the futureVietnam cafe is fantastic! The restaurant itself has a great inviting atmosphere and the waitstaff is also very helpful with the menu. The drink specials are unique and taste delicious. I ordered the house tasting bowl when i went which has a little of everything and was completely satisfied. If you dont know what to order, get this. It is pretty straightforward and gives you a taste of the most ordered items and what their food is like so you'll know for the future.We went to Vietnam Cafe, not to be confused with Vientiane Cafe. Both are great West Philly joints, but Vietnam cafe is surprisingly more upscale. At any rate, it was pretty delicious, and I would go back.
We showed up around 6:00 and were immediately seated at a nice window seat. We dined on the grilled squid appetizer, the house special vermicelli, and a fried tofu dish whose name my memory has forsaken. 
The grilled squid was wonderfully cooked and came with a splendid tangy sauce. It was just brunt enough to have a hint of smoky flavor and crispyness but soft on the inside. The house special came with chicken, beef, sausage, a fried spring roll and a heaping bowl of vermicelli. Needless to say, everything in the bowl was delicious. Finally, the fried tofu was light and crispy and came with thinly slices jalapenos. I really enjoyed stacking the hot peppers on the crispy tofu.
In the end, Vietnam cafe is a healthy 4.5 stars. I would definitely like to go back and try the black eyed peas dessert dish.Big place! Decent price..entrees $13 approx.
Extra rice does cost a $1 extra..per the menu.
Clay pot chicken - tasty and hot. Well cooked chicken..with onions probably would have loved if there were some peppers or mushrooms added. It is more of garlic flavor so i would say it was okay as I am not a very big fan of strong garlic flavor. 
Tofu curry - asked to make it spicy..was really nice. The curry was very flavorful and soft tofu with some peppers and onions on it. 
Large quantity..two people can definitely share of ordering an appetizer too..Their food is always consistently great! The atmosphere is chill and very family friendly! Spring rolls are always crunchy, not too greasy, and comes out just right with the perfect punch of flavors. My favorite dish is their pho which is infused with so many flavors including meat and veggies in the broth. The noodles are cooked perfectly every time!Dear Vietnman Cafe, 
I love you so much. I love your vegetarian spring rolls and chili oil even more than that. I love what you've done with the old sad Abraccio building - it's so beautiful and cozy. I am glad that the family is doing well. 
But I'm so sad about the loss of BYOB status. Your corkage fee is outrageous (about the same price as just buying an in-house bottle of wine). You've become slightly less affordable, but I'll see be seeing you a few times a month.An out of owner visiting on Xmas holiday.  A fantastic surprise.  Grilled Squid vermicelli has a nice smoky flavor.  Beef lemongrass Pho was just spicy enough that those who don't like heat will still be able to appreciate it.  Grilled beef grapleaves...OMG!   We will be going back on our next Philly visit!My first foray into Dining Days and it completely inspired me to try others on the list! 
I had the crispy spring roll appetizer, and it was huge! If you are someone that can't eat a lot, this could be your whole meal. In my book, as someone who can eat 5 courses and possibly still be hungry, this is a great way to start out dinner! And it tasted SO GOOD!!?  I was really thinking about ordering another one to take home and snack on later that night. One of the ladies in my party got the green papaya salad and it was gargantuan! She had to take half of it home, and it looked absolutely amazing.
For my main course I had the chicken vermicelli (which whatever way I pronounced it they were fine with). It was really good, although I had no idea there was a salad (cucumber sticks, cabbage or lettuce shreds)hidden under my noodles. Honestly, I'm not a salad fan so I just ate my chicken and noodles. The noodles were cold, which they are supposed to be, just a head's up for anyone that didn't already know that--someone in my party didn't realize that and she said had she known she wouldn't have gotten the vermicelli dish.  The rest of the table had the chicken sate which looked really good. And the 3 of them really oohed and aahed over it, so I'm guessing it was good.
Dessert had the 5 of us each trying the 3 variations on rice pudding. I had the corn, and it was amazing and completely unlike what I thought it was going to be in my head. I didn't try the others because I don't like black eyed peas and the taro just didn't sound interesting--plus I was getting pretty full. 
Service was tops and they even moved us from a smaller table to a larger, more out of the way one. They kept our water glasses topped up and even offered silverware to us without being asked. The chopsticks on the table are actually really nice but, we had a few that weren't well versed in using them and felt more comfortable with a knife and fork.
Definitely going to hit this place up for lunch on the weekends. Such a vast menu to try and I'm sure I'll find something else I really like easily enough.I sampled five appetizers and liked them all and their respective dipping sauces.  They were full of what I took to be authentic Vietnamese flavors.  Among the entrees, the pork chop was very good but the other four entrees I sampled seemed fairly bland.  I don't claim any expertise in Vietnamese food other than having been in the country for a couple of weeks but I like the flavors.  The entrees at Vietnam Cafe didn't quite bring back fond memories of my visit.Had some pretty ok pho here. I'm from Seattle though so I'm always a bit bummed that I'm not paying $4 for a huge bowl with a cream puff added on the side. With that said, this place is gorgeous inside and the food was pretty good. The veggie pho could have used some tofu. Come on guys!Checking out this Vietnamese restaurant in Philly.  Hope it's good.  I've been craving some home cooking.Vietname cafe is a good Saturday night dinner place as it's festively busy, but no crowds and lines. The interior is modern and has lovely dim lighting. Sometimes I think I'm at a center city rather than West Philly restaurant. 
The drinks specials list was interesting enough to consider a cocktail. But I stuck with beer while my partner had plum wine, which reminded me of the stuff we'd drink at Passover seders.
I have had noodle bowls there and there are some great appetizers. I haven't had the entrees, but the options are appealing.Disclaimer: I know nothing about Vietnamese food.
I love Vietnam Cafe. It's right around the corner from my place and it's one of our all-time favorites. The renovation is beautiful - it feels like a really classy place. The crispy spring rolls are incredible, and if you like meat, get the Bun Dac Biet (House Special Vermicelli) which is served with crispy spring rolls, grilled meat balls, char-grilled chicken & pork. Kind of like a sampler. The vermicelli is served with a reddish spicy-sweet sauce - very tasty. I also tried the Ca Kho To (Fish Claypot), which was delicious.
I had one issue with a waiter confusing my order but after a quick talk with the manager, everything was taken care of. 
If you haven't tried Vietnam Cafe, you're missing out.ok, so i've been craving pho for a little bit now. sure, it feels like 110 degrees outside but i was feeling a little under the weather today. i REALLY didn't want to trek out to washington ave. and def didn't have the energy to deal with chinatown. so, i set my expectations a little low and checked out closer local spots. i think i read that this place was owned by the same folks as fu wah...alright, i'll give them a try.
parking was a bitch, which is unusual but they were SO busy. i had called to order take-out and in 15 min, it was ready and waiting for me. i ordered the basics, being that this was my first time, pho tai and shrimp rolls. 
now, the food is good. it's not washington ave/chinatown good, but it's good. both the broth and brisket tastes clean but doesn't lack flavor. the shrimp rolls are also ok, although the noodles tasted a little overcooked, in both the rolls and pho. 
anyways, they don't skimp on portions and it def gets the job done. it is a little pricier, but that's to be expected, given that we're in west philly and on baltimore.
i am interested in going back to try some of their other dishes.A vietnamese restaurant trying to front being upscale...right.
I ordered the com tam, and it was actually pretty good. However, the cost of it was appalling. It was almost double the price of what you would normally get at any pho shop that offered rice dishes.
If it wasn't for the pricing this would be a 3 or 4 star place, however, considering the price, it's just not worth it to even try imo. 
The service was also bad. We were literally left alone to our tools and then when we finally wanted the check we had to call them over even though there wasn't very many people around in the first place.This is a slightly more upscale restaurant than the usual west philly type and it is appreciated.  The foo is good quality.  My opinion is that the more expensive dishes are the better deals.  Most everything is good.  I even recommend the Vietnamese 33 beer.Went here with a party of 4, waited about 10 minutes to be seated. The place was moderately packed, but service was ridiculously slow. I ordered the braised beef noodle soup for my first course, which appeared more like the sliced beef noodle soup. It was good but I'm quite sure is was not what I really ordered. For my main course I ordered the salt baked squid which was a little soggy on the outside and was lacking in flavor as well. The best part of my meal was the flaming volcano, can you say delicious... All in all this place left something to be desired, like I need to go back and try it again, maybe it was just a bad night or something.We always order the BBQ platters and love every mintute of it
A great place and now with great parking and no waitGood place to go with groups, or just as a couple.  The food was good, especially the noodle dishes and the appetizer tray (for a larger group).  Drink menu is good, and vegetarian options are many.   This is our neighborhood Vietnamese restaurant, and I will go back many more times.My friend Stephan and I ate here on a Saturday night around 7:30pm. When we got there, they let us know that there'd be about a 10 minute wait, which was much shorter than I expected, given the reports of how popular it is.
I had a hard time deciding what to get, but Stephan reassured me that everything he's ever eaten at Vietnam Cafe has been good.
We both ordered spring rolls (the not fried kind), I think he had the pork ones, and I had the pork & shrimp ones. They were delicious, and I especially liked the dipping sauce, which I suppose isn't unique, but it was definitely yummy.
I ordered pork chops on broken rice, and Stephan got one of the rice vermicelli dishes. Mine came with that orange-colored sweet vinegar sauce for pouring onto the meat & rice, and a side of some marinated veggies with some chili sauce on top (VERY spicy!). It was very filling and a delight for the tastebuds, but I can't say that I found it particularly outstanding among the various Vietnamese restaurants I've eaten at (Xe Lua, for example). Very good, but not falling-over-to-die-for.
I had brought a bottle of wine (Riesling), and someone came right away to open it for us, but we had to ask for one of the metal chiller things, and then it wasn't even cold (until we poured our ice water in it).
Other than that minor kerfluffle, the service was prompt and gracious, and the overall experience (love the decor) was very enjoyable. I'm glad I finally got to try it!I love this place! Especially the veggie spring rolls. I'm also a big fan of the cocktails and the vermicelli. Everything that I've ever had at Vietnam and Vietnam Cafe has been delicious. The atmosphere is nice and the service is great. Love it!always try the lemongrass soup and Nem Nuong. i ve visited philly on occasion just to dine at vietnam cafe. the rice dishes are not that great because they come without any gravy and seem dry but that may not be the place's fault.I have been a couple times now for dinner. I liked it! Prices aren't ridiculously cheap but not outrageous and the food is tasty with fairly large portions. I am no Vietnamese cuisine expert so I couldn't tell you if it was traditional or not, but I definitely thought the food was good and presented well. The atmosphere is nice as it is attractively decorated. I was seated and served fairly quickly even though it was a weekend.I love this place. The food is consistently great, the service is excellent, and the prices are right. 
I have been here 3 times and it has been great every time. I've gotten the fish claypot and the seafood noodle soup and would recommend both. The broth is really good and the flavors are incredible. I also got the crispy shrimp roll appetizer twice and it was great both times. It's definitely a bit out of the way but worth the trip. The inside is beautiful and the food and service are both great. Our waiters were very attentive but not over-bearing. I will definitely be coming here again!you may say this may be a one star more than it deserve.
listen to me.
they deserve 4 stars.
food was decent (remember it is "cafe" not "restaurant")
they, i think, meant to be less than "restaurant"
*the service was good.
good ambiance
here is something that no normal person will go thru
i went to lancaster and ended up at miller ?? - a restaurant 
it looks good outside but
1. they technically hid the fact that they are buffet
----i dont like buffet. but under the circumstance i had no choice
2. they had 3 menu plus additional for dessert and so 
----one jst for salad and bread and soup $9
----one for hot meal and meat $15
----one for all $22
3. bad service
----i blame my luck since the table next to ours had a one who was way better in many ways
over charge. bad service. most of all, bad bad bad food
anywho, that i what i had around 2pm for lunch.
so when we got to philly, we all craved for something decent or good
and it had to be asian (spice, hot, rice, or somthing to wash down the bad grease in us)
this place provided it.
we were very please.
so they deserve 4 stars.Loved this place. The tofu appetizer was really good, and the vermicelli special was AMAZING. I'm not usually a fan of Vietnamese egg rolls, and the ones here weren't anything world changing. The service for lunch was top notch. The interior is surprisingly fancy given its unassuming location. Prices: right.
It's a bit out of the way if you don't have much reason to be in the area, but worth the walk if you're a student at Penn. Highly recommend.i went here this past saturday for dinner. the food was amazing and the service was incredible!! the pork chops were so good!! the crepe appetizer was nice and i will probably try the fried shrimp next time. this place is a must!!When you look at the place you are expecting a really good experience, visualy the place promises a lot.   Then you look at the menu and you realize it is a tarted up pho joint with really spendy dishes.  The food was not bad but it did not have enough flavors.  The Saigon Noodle was a true bore.  I was really excited to try it but when I got the check all I could say was it was not worth it.This was a very nice treat. The food was good, the portions were appropiate,  the service was wonderful, and the atmosphere was nice Wish they had kid friendly menu but overall my husband and I loved this place.I've had nothing but awesome experiences here! Whether takeout or eat in, Vietnam Cafe is delicious, and inexpensive. Eating in, I've been there on  a date, or with a friend who has young kids, and the atmosphere was fine both ways. As for service, they were on top of everything. I also have a lot of food allergies, and they were super accommodating. If you dine here, you won't regret it!This place ROCKS! Everything is so good and hits the spot. I love soups and pho. This place is beautiful, friendly, bright and delicious. We loved everything we got and consider this excellent vietnamese food. Much better than Vientiene around the corner if you're looking for asian food.In the genre of Vietnamese restaurants, this place is at the top of the heap.  It's actually ELEGANT with lovely wood and tablecloths, a full bar, and a waitstaff who speak English better than the average American. 
For a few bucks more than the average dive, you have a dining experience.  For the most part, the standard dishes (vermicelli, broken rice, Pho) are exactly the the same as you will get at a mom and pop dive with a good kitchen.  That's not a BAD thing.  
Actually, if you have ever been afraid to ask about unfamiliar dishes because of language issues in the more homespun joints, this would be a great place to get educated.  I will definitely expand my palate here.  And BTW, if you like some heat, just ask for some chili oil and don't be fooled by the small serving.  My lips are still tingling.First off, I've never had Vietnamese food in my life. So I can't compare this to other establishments. What I can tell you is that we had a great time!
My fiancé and I were invited here for a birthday party. Since we were early, we sat at the bar. The décor of this restaurant was lovely! Bartender was very attentive.
Once our party of five was seated, things only got better. The service was impeccable. Plates were cleared immediately and water glasses filled. It felt like we had five waiters. The food looked, smelled, and tasted delicious. 
I recommend treating yourself to a "Suffering Bastard" cocktail. :)great option if you want fresh vietnamese food and tropical cocktails. building is well kept and clean, a large dining room with big windows keeps it from feeling claustrophobic during the busy hours. waitstaff is usually attentive and food comes out pretty quickly. overall i would actually give it 4.5 stars compared to other similar restaurants in the areaI gave this place another try after having disappointing pho and lemongrass soup here. This time, we tried house special vermicelli and lemongrass steak over rice. They were both very good!! They know how to do grilled meats!! The portions were good. It was on the pricier side, compared to the usual Vietnamese food places, but not too crazy. Very nice decorations and service!We eat here all the time. 
The restaurant is clean, inviting, and spacious. 
The food is delicious and reasonably priced for what you get. 
The service is fantastic. The owners come around often to see how patrons are doing. They are very present and very invested in their restaurant and it shows. 
Try the pho and the meatball rolls. They are delicious.Stars for the food. Stars for the atmosphere. Lack of stars for the service.
My mother and cousin were in town and we needed someplace to eat in the area at about 8pm on a Sunday. Options were limited. Neither of them are very adventurous eaters, but we finally went with Vietnam because a) it was open and b) it had a bar.
The waiter instantly rubbed me the wrong way. He came to get our drink orders about 2.5 seconds after we got our menus. Not OK since we were looking at the drink menu. When my cousin ordered a beer he tried to talk her into a (more expensive) martini. When she declined he convinced her to try another beer. Nothing wrong with that really, but no one who knows anything about beer would suggest a hefeweizen to someone who originally ordered a lager. To make it worse, he completely missed my beer order and I had to flag him down later to get the same beer my cousin had ordered.
After much hemming and hawing we decided to split four or five appetizers. The food came out amazingly fast and (after the runner grabbed a knife for my chopstick challenged mother) we dug in. The fam declared the pork a success while I enjoyed the fried tofu. The spring rolls were a bit hit or miss - the basil was a bit overpowering in both the meat and veg versions. The appetizer mix gave us a variety of sauces to choose from which was great. While some things were better than others, the food itself was tasty and filling without being heavy. Just what we needed.
Which brings me back to our server. First there was the beer mishap, then the hovering. See, while we debated our choices he proceeded to hover nearby and very obviously listen in on our conversations. Not cool. We've all worked in restaurants for a long time, so it was easy to spot the fact that he just wanted to get us out of there which, needless to say, detracted from the whole experience. Our food runner was pleasant and attentive, which was great since our actual waiter couldn't have cared less. Then came the absolute low point of the meal: the bill.
After a couple drinks before we went out and a glass of wine at dinner, my mom's mental math skills were fading. And, as a restaurant person herself, she always tips higher than most so the whole idea of 15% just doesn't work. So she had the money down for the bill itself and was debating a bit on the tip amount. Our waiter, again hovering, actually asked if she needed help. WHOA. Serious breach of protocol.
So, to sum up: Very nice decor (certainly the best in the area). Generally good food. Terrible service. A shame since I've been looking forward to eating here for a while, but our waiter was such a turn-off that I'm not going to rush back.Just visited Vietnam in their new digs just around the corner from the old place and it is gorgeous.  Food is still awesome, and now there is a full bar.  Who could ask for more?Food was really good here. I had the BBQ pork spring rolls and they were super fresh and light, just like I like them. The inside of the restaurant was very clean and nice and had Asian-y decor, which is really different than what I'm used to back home. I didn't really try anything else, but the crew was legit Vietnamese and I will def be back to try more!!Good service, impeccably clean bathroom and restaurant, wonderful and charming ambience and the food was just fantastic. The veggies were all fresh and the meats were excellent quality. I enjoyed it so much I can't wait to go back!I've walked past Vietnam Cafe many times, but I've never gone in until tonight. It's tucked away on a little square just off the main Baltimore strip.  From the outside, it doesn't look like much, but inside it's clean, cozy, and nicely decorated. It's not very big inside, but is still comfortable.
Our waiter was very polite, and catered to our very picky crowd. We were very well taken care of. Also, we got our food pretty quickly from the time we ordered it. 
Most importantly, though, the food was very good and plentiful. We ordered a bunch of entrées and shared them family style, so I got to sample several dishes. My favorite was the house special vermicelli, which seemed to have a little bit of everything. We also had the Crispy Spring Rolls as an appetizer, and they were pretty good too. 
Vietnam Cafe is a diamond in the rough. Go for the great food, pleasant atmosphere, and good service for a very reasonable price.One of my favorite places to eat in Philly, I come here often. . .as well as bring others too.  I usually get the pho sate and some bok choy on the side.  But I also love their lime chicken.  The inside of the restaurant is nice and it feels much more spacious and nice than the Chinatown location.  I've also gotten take-out.  With so many memorable meals here I wonder why I rarely have to wait for a table.Just had the chicken vermicelli -- twas delicious take out.I saw this place while I was on the trolley one day and just had to try it out. I got a bowl of Pho and... that was it. I asked the waiter about my teapot and he said we don't do the teapots. That killed my buzz instantly. The tea is ritualistic for me. I thought the drinks were overpriced so I held on to my money TIGHT! I don't flinch on drinks.
So the Pho was good... not great, but good. I also had BBQ pork rolls and those were great so much so I ordered some more to go. The bathroom was excellent. I was pleasantly surprised. The overall ambiance was really nice. I wasn't sure what to expect. I would like to go back there some time... but I don't know. I think the lack of teapots is a deal breaker. I've been spoiled on them by other Pho restaurants. In its defense the waiter said we're just a cafe. Eh...
It would make a great spot for a date.tried it once and was disappointed, but at the prompting of friends decided to give it another shot. big mistake.
the staff was rude, and hit that sweet spot of hovering so closely they may as well have sat down at the table, while simultaneously providing agonizingly slow service on basics like drinks and the check.
the food is mediocre at best, and costs about double what you will pay in any of the many other, better vietnamese restaurants in town. 
if you are looking for a relatively sterile, quiet place to hold your university city lunch meeting, would prefer everyone in the place is speaking english, and dont care about the food then this is the spot for you. if you want good vietnamese head elsewhere.Been here many times and I'm always impressed. Spring rolls are very good, Buns are very good, and I'm also a big fan of the grilled pork chops. Too bad the new location isn't BYOB, but the new location is one of the nicest (furniture, decorations, ambiance) in all UC. I also like this location better than their China City location. 
Also....the waitstaff is great; they're very attentive and always make you feel welcome.  I try to go here at least once a month.This is a great neighborhood restaurant with consistently delicious food.  We usually order takeout but when we have eaten in the restaurant, they have good, attentive service. All of the vermicelli dishes are good, but I usually get the tofu or the beef vermicelli.  Portions are large so it usually becomes two meals for me.  I also love the soups (wonton noodle, veggie noodle, & stewed beef).mmmmmmmmm.... very 'clean'food.  Seemed very healthy.  Had springrolls and a ricenoodle dish with many kinds of meats.  Seared, very good.  Fiance had a chicken dish that was sauteed in lime juice and garlic with brocolli.  Tasty.   
A previous reviewer said "what a neigborhood gem!"  I concur.  Very close to trolley line so easy to get to or even walk to, but they have a HUUGE parking lot, a luxury in Philly.  
Decor is phenomonal.  On a spring night with a breeze they open the windows on the porch and it is extremely pleasant.  Red walls and lots of woods to make you feel like you are in a more exotic place than West Philly.
As I was visiting a very special lady, I took her to several nice dinners and paid a mint.  Not at this place.  I believe our appetizer and two meals (with a drink and iced tea for each of us) was under 40 bucks.  Without the drinks it would have been @30.  Again, very affordable.
Possible con:  They do not like people using phones.  It is typed on their menu.  But this made a nicer atmosphere.  My Fiance and I are both FB addicts and I have begun trying to YELP as soon as I get to a place, but instead as you look around the restaurant, it takes you back.  Every table seems to have people engrossed in ACTUAL CONVERSATION WITH THE PEOPLE THEY ARE EATING WITH!  And their limitation does not seem to be a ban.  Before I saw the written rule, I was Yelping a check-in and concealing it from my date (we race to check in sometimes) and the waiter chuckled at me.  He knew, but he found it humorous versus dunking my Droid in my water.  I liked that.
Cons:  There are some?  You come eat here.  You find the cons!  I didn't see any.This is a high-quality Vietnamese place with an exceptionally nice sit-down atmosphere.  The menu is fairly extensive.  Prices are very reasonable, especially given the ambiance.  When the weather is warm, they open the windows wide and you get to enjoy the best of both worlds of being indoors and out.
There are places in town that you can get slightly more exciting food for a similar price.  There is nowhere in town that you can get a nicer atmosphere and nicer service, in my opinion, for anywhere near the price.
The food is not otherworldly, but it is fresh, light, and well-balanced.
I also found the service here to be unusually good.  Prompt, attentive, friendly, courteous.
This place is a real asset to the community.This is a really great place in University City.  I wasn't expecting much, but the decor is great, and the wait staff was attentive and friendly.  I ordered the #37 and was very happy.  I ended up getting the vietnamese coffee and the red bean ice cream for dessert too.  
I had a great experience and will definitely visit again soon.
Update: my new favorite dish is #22, the seafood soup, loaded up with the sriracha hot sauce.I am a big fan of the veggie rolls on vermicelli. Nice place with a classy atmosphere to bring friends.The smallest pho servings I have seen in my life! I had no idea pho can be served in these shot glasses. 2 peaces of meat!
I had to ask for water and was given dirty look. Toilet water, would not recommend to drink it to anyone. 
Never again coming back here...Beautiful.  Just beautiful.  
I went with a couple of friends.  The food was magnificent, though our waiter insisted that we place our orders at the same time (no ordering your appetizer before the main course, either.)  they seemed to be in a rush to close the kitchen that night, as well, which was a shame, as one of my friends was running late.  Other than that, though, our service was excellent.  The server was attentive and careful.
I ordered a pork dish, which I very rarely do, because pork seems to be so hit-or-miss at restaurants like these, and I was NOT in the mood for a miss.  I was in luck!  My dish was perfectly seasoned - savory, tangy, with hints of chili here and there--nothing short of exquisite.  Just writing about it makes me hungry.
The interior is elegant and minimalist.  Dark and polished.  Kinda sexy, but not totally hot.  The place is very small, though, so if you're going on a busy night, you might want to call ahead.Went to happy hour on a Thursday, and were among a handful of customers in the restaurant at the beginning. We started out being the only two people seated at the bar. Had a Chardonnay and pork spring rolls. Good service, but the vibe was non-existent.  Would still go back for a meal on a weekend, though.The only reason I continued eating was because I was trying to find something w some taste! The chicken curry was tan colored and looked like it came from a can.  No spice whatsoever.  1 star vs 0 stars because of good parking and clean rest room.  Food was awefulYum as usual! I, once again got number 31 Bun Thit Nuong (Pork Vermicelli.)  Hilary had her favorite number 37 Bun Dac Biet (House Special Vermicelli.)  The waiter had such class, he even called me Monsieur!  It was very pleasant.
I was really looking to try an authentic Asian drink called a rainbow milkshake.  Unfortunately they didn't have it.  I didn't ask if they could make it, I'm sure they would have tried.The food is almost always solid and you can park for free but it's not as good as 11th street. Benny stop raising your prices. It used to be inexpensive. It isn't any more.Really wish I could add more to this review. However, it's been said over and over and over again in the reviews prior. All you need to know about this place is #37. You won't need anymore :)
They also have some funky lime, soda sugar concoction that was pretty good, but can't say it was worth the $3.50 they charge for it. Service is superb. Quick to offer menu suggestions, keep your drinks filled, and even give you little tips on how to eat rice with chopsticks. Def worth the trip into West Philly on a cold winter night!They did a great job remodeling the place. But everything is overpriced and the the food is bland with little quality.
The pho was bland and there was only enough meat in it to feed a little mouse.
The service was questionable to say the least.
After taking my dates order the waiter asked me if I wanted the small size or the large, and then he remarked: "On second thought, nevermind...I know you want the large, Big Boy!"Hey, look at me, giving things second chances! I had a better experience this time, and I offer my tips for getting better service.
1) Go when it's busy, preferably on a Friday or Saturday night. It seems counter-intuitive, but the slower the business, the slower your service. It's worth waiting for 15 minutes for a table in order to feel like the belle of the ball once you sit down.
2) Be kind of annoying to your waiter(s). They don't really listen unless you ask for exactly what you want, when you want it. Flag them down if you have to. I have serious problems with being assertive to waiters, and usually I never even say anything when there's a mistake. Don't be like me!
3) If you get soup (Pho), it will NOT come with the stuff that the menu says it comes with! You'll get sprouts, hot peppers, and a lime wedge. (See my first review.) Before the waiter leaves, ask for hoisin, sriracha, basil and cilantro. THEN your soup will be delicious. If you don't ask, get ready for a delightful meal of vegetables floating in hot water. 
So, this place is hit or miss. Hope my tips help.Frankly the food was overpriced and not that interesting. We've had better for way cheaper. However the service/space/ambiance is great. I came back this second time hoping that it was just the pho that wasn't interesting, and that the entrees were amazing. Nope. We got the sweet & sour chicken and the beef curry. The beef curry was more thick/stocky than it was delish and flavorful, and the sweet & sour was just sort of "meh." Perhaps they bought sweet & sour chicken from Lucky's on Baltimore and scooped it onto one of their plates?
Bottom line:  Chef Ramsey should come in and really help clean up their menu. I'd watch that episode of Kitchen Nightmares.A very nice time at Dining Days. We had pork rolls with mint and papaya chicken for appetizer. Then roast pork over rice and chicken in peanut sauces with vegetables. Dessert was red bean ice ream and taro root in coconut milk. Solid waitstaff service, attentive food delivery and preparation, reasonable beer pricing, and a good value for the money. This would translate into a regular dining experience. Go here!A little more perfection in my new neighborhood. Most of the soups are perfect (seafood pho is a weakness of mine). Nothing is greasy or MSGy. The fresh spring rolls are the bomb. As good as any Vietnamese restaurant in San Francisco. Simply perfect.
Update: check out the new digs!I visited Vietnam Cafe for the second time with a friend late on a quiet evening when the restaurant was a little less than half full. We were seated promptly, and although there were tables available with space between them we were seated right next to some people and adjacent to the kitchen. I barely had enough room on the crowded bench for my jacket. Seemed a little weird that they'd cram us together when there was obviously plenty of room.
When I had been to the Vietnam Cafe previously, I let the waiter know I was a vegan and he pointed out 2 dishes on the entire menu, saying those were the only 2 vegan options. They were both Vermicelli dishes, one with Spring rolls on top, one with tofu. (Earlier reviews seem to indicated that they will tweak the dishes for vegetarians. I didn't have this same experience but I do have the feeling more is available for veggie people. However, I can only write about my own experience). This time, I said to the waiter that I had been there previously and had been told the vermicelli with Spring rolls is vegan as long as I ordered a soy sauce with it rather than the sauce it normally comes with. The waiter was very attentive and polite and said it would be no problem. My dining companion ordered the same dish but with the non-vegan side sauce. We ordered the sauteed Bok Choy with garlic as an appetizer to share. I'm glad I asked if it was vegan, he said it could be made vegan if they left out the oyster sauce. (The Vietnamese seem to put some kind of animal-based seasoning, sauce or something into almost all of their dishes, so it is admittedly hard to find a vegan dish here, which I expected).
The Bok Choy came out less than 10 minutes later, steaming and looking yummy. It was very good, extremely oily but very good, with big yummy chunks of garlic. Just as we were finishing the Bok Choy our vermicelli came out. Mine accompanied by soy sauce with scallions in it, and my friend's accompanied by a lighter looking sauce. (See photos I posted for this business for the two dishes with diff sauces). 
I am a picky eater and my friend is too. I've had a dish similar to this one at the Vietnam Restaurant in China town. It was delicious and I remember them having a variety of dipping sauces such as one with peanuts in it. These sauces really made the meal. This was before I was vegan, and I wonder how many of those sauces had animal product in them. I definitely felt a sugar rush after having them! Anyhow, we just had the sauces they gave us and I was wary of trying to ask for/describe a sauce that they either didn't have or that had animal product in it. So we just hunkered down to enjoy our meals. My noodles and Spring roll were pretty good with lots of soy sauce dumped on them (if not a little salty). My friend found his noodles to be cold (but didn't even tell me this til after we left) and thought the Spring rolls were kind of bland. I'm sure they were since he barely put any sauce on them. He didn't like the sauce that came with the Vermicelli (I smelled it, smelled like pig! What is it with pig sauces everywhere I go? lol). 
Overall, I would say the service is excellent, the ambiance is nice if you don't mind watching your elbows and not having too intimate of a conversation since there will be people sitting a foot and half away from you whether it's crowded or not. The food seems like it's pretty good, but I am so limited by what I can eat off of the menu that I'll never taste their best dish. Therefore my review is somewhat biased by my vegan limitations. I'm glad Vietnam Cafe is there, it's very convenient, I like the family and the way they run their businesses so far as I can see (they also own Fu Wah). I hope maybe they will add a special vegan dish to their menu at some point, something with interesting seasoning. If they do I will have to re-write this review. :)Great atmosphere, excellent waitstaff. I ordered the chicken rice vermicelli with a spring roll add on and I wasn't disappointed. The food came quickly, and was fresh and delicious. The portions were pretty large, and the price was reasonable ($13.45 before tax/tip). I will definitely come here again.I go here when I'm craving their vermicelli bowls. Their custom cocktails are really good, as well (but kinda overpriced). Would recommend for a small group on a Saturday night.We live in the neighborhood and have been going to this restaurant since it was a hole-in-the-wall next to the fu-wah. We actually think that the waitstaff is lovely and friendly, and always remember us when we come back. There is one (relatively new) waiter that can be a little overbearing and try to order for you, I'm guessing he's the one that everyone is talking about, but everyone else has always been wonderful to us.
The space they are in now is beautifully decorated and well kept-up. Their drinks are strong and delicious also. As for the food, our rule when going to the restaurant is to only order the vermicelli or the soups and appetizers. We have to agree that many of the other entrees can be bland, but the vermicelli (especially with the spring rolls, which are my favorite anywhere) is so good that we keep going back again and again. We've encouraged people to go back and only get the vermicelli, and now they're regulars too. Love it!The menu here is either very similar or identical to their menu in Chinatown.  I went with my standard, #37 - house special vermicelli and was not disappointed.  (Meat lovers, this dish is a must try!)  Service was very good.  They make some delicious cocktails, my favorite being the lemongrass martini.  I would recommend steering clear of the wine though...or at least the wines available by the glass.  I ordered a glass of the pinot grigio that was pretty bad.Very nice restaurant in changing neighborhood . The spring roll was great but my son and his partners vegetarianism probably slanted the outcome with tofu. The Pho was enjoyable and the atmosphere lovely. The pad Thai great as well as the noodle dish. The only issue I had was the air condition wasn't up to speed on a hit summer night. Will go again. Try it