I like Vintage. I really do, but in a city that hosts a number of other wonderful wine bars this one has a lot of competition.
Service is solid. The bartenders are courteous and attentive. The wine list is good and the happy hour includes a decent selection PLUS $5 bubbly so you can be a baller on a budget.  Food however, is just okay. It's reliable but nothing that has me yearning to go back. 
Overal this place is consistent and you've gotta like that.Great place for low key wine and dinner. We came during happy hour which is 4-6pm (a little early for most people) and the wine options for $4 were great. They are normally $8-12. The fig and Gorgonzola, only 3 pieces, was delicious as was the stuffed crepes with mushroom duxelle on the specials menu. Great for small groups or a date.The host tried to make us sit at the bar cos we were only here for drinks when they had quite a few vacant tables! But us four girls can't possibly have a good conversation at the bar! So we just plopped ourselves onto their cushy seats at the front. And we ordered food
The appetizers are very decently prized and go well with our wines. The Gorgonzola and Fig Bruschetta and the Provencial Bruschetta are very good. Bread goes so well with wine, IMO. I wouldn't try the escargots (uggghhh) but according to my friend who did (gross), they weren't cooked well (even grosser!). And I love how the foods are sometimes served in tiered trays. That somehow always seems to push it up a notch in the class level for me. Yes,even eating fries can be classy, if they are served on tiered trays- and funny enough thats exactly what happens here!
They serve a wide variety of wines and some beers and champagne. There's also the Flights ($15), which is a wine sampler consisting of 3 wines pre-picked.
What I like about Vintage is the creativity of their interior designs. The still-expanding wine-crate-panelled wall is such a brilliant idea. very beautiful and tasteful. the wine bottle chandelier is also very interesting.
Its dim and intimate and not at all intimidating. Allows for good conversation. Great date spot. Not sure if this is typical here but a particular gentleman bought us a bottle of wine and left - without giving us a chance to thank him. Lovely.Was in Philly with the fam visiting the Convention center and decided to stay for dinner.  Stupid me didn't reserve (Sat) as didn't think we'd stay this late.   We dropped in a few restos via Yelp but all said they were booked or over 1 hr waiting.   Past by VWB and seeing it look nice and semi full, took a chance and asked the nice host if he can take us and we're just gonna eat and go.  He was so nice and said no problem and sat us in the back.  Our waitress Stephanie was very nice and prompt and explained the different flights they had and the specials were on the board.  DW had a Spanish flight and I opt for the bold red.  The wines were very nice 3 oz pours.  Ordered the following apps: charcutière plate and fries based on the Yelp reviews.  The plate came on a wooden board of 2 types of cold cuts with bread, homemade chicken paté and pickles.  Fries were the matchstick fries.  Both were yummy.  Next we ordered from the board specials:  Grilled quails (me), DW (grilled fish), also gnocchi plate, and burger and to share a grilled octopus (yes we were hungry and have been walking in the cold!).  Dishes were not huge but were perfect sized so we can have dessert afterwards.  There was about 2 whole quails mixed in a sweetish sauce and was very good.  I think the fish was the best dish overall.  Grilled perfectly and was accompanied with pineapple sauce and red cabbage salad.   The gnocchi (lightly pan fried) was tied for 2nd with the quails.  I didn't have a chance to try the huge burger since my son gobbled it up and said it was delish.  Dessert of the day was Creme bruleé, pecan pie, and french toast with banana foster/w marshmallows.  We ordered all of them and we cleaned it all up : )  
I was surprised that my 3 wine flight was only $13 and my DW's 2 wine flights were $11 which is not bad considered just a glass will run you $10.  Overall, I really enjoyed this place and will go again next time a la date night if I'm heading to Philly.While vacationing in Philly with my family for the Army/Navy game, we decided to take a walk around and stumbled upon Vintage. We walked passed it and decided to double back and stop in. We enjoyed the appetizers and wine selection. It was a nice "chill" bar where you didn't have to scream and shout to have a conversation. My mom and aunts enjoyed themselves but it wasn't necessarily a general "older" crowd. We went on a Thursday night and had a blast. If I lived in Philly, I'm sure I would visit again. However, when on vacation I never like to visit the same place twice. :)Love it here! I have never had a bad experience. The ambiance is great (date friendly) and the bartenders know their wines. I will always go back for the fig and Gorgonzola bruschetta and creme brulee. ALWAYS. And they have La Colombe which I've newly discovered and have fallen completely in love.Wonderful little wine bar in Philly. We stopped in for a couple of glasses of wine when several other places around had waits, or were closed. Vintage did not disappoint. Really great wine selection, nice and friendly staff (knowledgeable, too), and an all-around fun atmosphere. The food looked great, but we were on our way to dinner, so we didn't indulge. Next time.The staff is amazing - the wine selection second to none! Do yourself a favor and allow your waiter to pick a wine for you based on your preferences!This is a very nice place!! Went here for St. Patty's Day, and sat outside. The atmosphere around the restaurant was great and the wine was amazing. We had multiple glasses of Reisling and Prosecco... they were wonderful. We had the cheese and charcuterie board... they were both delightful. The best thing about this spot was the excellent service. Though, we were sitting outside, they constantly checked on us and made us feel so welcomed. I will definitely be back!!!I must admit that I am not the wine and cheese sort of guy more of a beer and chips dude but this place was a nice change of pace.  We had some kind of French wine that I damn near licked out of the glass that it was so good. My wife and I sat in front of some open windows and sipped wine for what seems like all afternoon. We also had a platter of cheese and some meats that was finger licking good. 
If I lived in Philly I could easily see me taking my wife here on a regular basis to just sip a little wine and enjoy our life.Let me first start off by saying I am no means a wine snob or high brow foodie. I am pretty much down to earth and understand the service industry as I once spent long nights slaving away in a restaraunt wondering if I would be the unlucky one to draw a 2 dollar tip on a 200 dollar tab. Now that I am in a position to enjoy the fruits of my labor I expect certain things from certain establishments. Especially when I plan to drop several bills in one sitting. This review is for the service. The food was average at best. Sub-par cheese and charcuterie spread. Wine was decently priced and had plenty of offerings.
Now on to the service... or lack thereof...
I shouldn't have to ask for you to fill waters or to re-up on my wine bottle order. I shouldn't have to wave down foodrunners to help clear the table of unused items that prohibit me from eating properly or move on to my next course. These are basic activities that should be the norm at all levels from TGI Fridays to a $500 plate dinner.
I can understand that servers and runners have multiple tables to run and turn,but not coming back and asking for the status of our experience or even offering up an opportunity for another round or food order is redonkulous.Especially on a Friday night at 9pm. We basically paid our check and went to another establishment to finish our dinner. Maybe it was just that waitress,on that night, during those hours. Maybe she just caught her bf cheating on her with the new hostess in the meat fridge. Honestly I don't care... Will not return. 
Service industries are in the game of generating revenue by giving a customer experiences that they are willing to pay and sometimes over pay to have.
Employees in these industries need to understand that they are there to facilitate that experience. Acting rude or like you are better than your customers or the industry puts you on the fast track to seeking other employment opportunities. You are never too busy to come by and ask if we need anything else even the check.
Spend your cash somewhere else. Plenty of options in Philly.Summer  (feeling) in the city. Philly has this gem of a wine bar and it was truly a great experience on a beautiful night to dine outside on St. Patrick's Day. Had a glass of sparkling wine. Chucutari board and cheese board. Duck and chicken Pate was excellent. Exotic cheeses were grand and very tasty. Sliced appes, Apple butter spread, spicy mustard spread. Loved it. Definitely  see myself going back!One of my favorite places in Philly! I love Vintage Wine Bar for many reasons. As soon as you walk in, you will be struck by the beauty of the place. It's full of interesting art and a lovely chandelier. Floor to ceiling give a warm, vintage feel to the whole place. You truly forget you are sitting on one of the busiest streets in town. 
The service (Mark) was helpful in making recommendations, friendly and quick! We told him we were from out of town and he quickly made different suggestions of things for us to see and do!
The Happy Hour was superb, offering lots of treats for $7 or under. We tried the pear and brie bites on a crostoni and they were to die for! 
I will be back and highly recommend you do the same!More of a early fall and late spring haunt for me - Vintage holds a special place in my heart as the first bar I visited in Philly after moving home.  It is so far my favorite wine bar.
The atmosphere and servers here are awesome.  These are true sommeliers - so ask questions about wine and learn a few things while you're there.  They have good house wines - but I swoon over some of the bottles available here.  Most particularly a South African Malbec called Tumara Bellevue.  If you don't know what you like in a wine - this is a good place to go and try to describe what you'd like to the waitress.
The menu can be a little weak at times.  Occasionally I'll see something on the specials list which will make for a good meal - most notably their Skate Wing... which has set the bar against which I judge everyone else's skate.  They also had a killer roast duck last fall.  But no matter what you get, order the Gorgonzola and Fig Bruschetta to start... the balsamic reduction they use for it is amazing... and the calimari is typically good although at times inconsistent.
Long story short - this is one of my favorite happy hour spots... but if you're looking for a place to hole up for the night I'd plan to start or end here and check the specials menu before you decide where to eat.This place has always had a great charm about it.  The service is always great, with a staff that actually knows what they're talking about when it comes to wine.  The owners are usually there to expand upon any wine selections (and they do know their wine).
The food has always been great.  Their charcuterie plate is always a nice offering, with seasonal fruit to go with the meats and cheeses.  They're specials are always worth trying.  The grilled octopus special they have from time to time is delicious, and the Pacu ribs they had two years ago are still always on my mind (PLEASE GET THEM BACK!!!)
Definately a place worth checking out if you like wine and good food.I tried Vintage on my first business trip to Philadelphia and made a point of returning twice on my second. It's a wonderful place to relax with a glass of wine (or two or three), a book, and a nice meal. The wine list is comprehensive and interesting, the food is excellent, the staff are knowledgeable and strike the right balance between being overly solicitous and snooty, and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. I especially appreciate their friendliness towards me as a solo diner. A full meal with drinks will take a bite out of your wallet, but the cost is  not unreasonable for the quality and they have items in a broad enough price range that you can do pretty well without breaking the bank.This was a FABULOUS experience.  I am a wine LOVER but had never been here before.  Corey, the bartender, was dead set on finding me the PERFECT wine.  I settled on a nice Chianti but not before trying about three other wines.  Jon M. got a great red wine that had a pepper taste.  Corey was an absolutely great bartender:  had great tips, gave us some info about different grapes grown on different terrain and talked to us about the wines we had chosen.  
It was quite empty for 8o'clock on a saturday. Filled up as we tried to go back later.  Awesome decor - made me want to make myself a wine box wall  :) 
Definitely a must-do in philly.Came here for drinks once and my friend got carded. For some reason they required her to show a passport even though she had her Chinese driver's license. Aside from that the place was fine.My girlfriend and I had an excellent experience here. We had the vegetable risotto and lamb kofta, and a great wine that our waitress recommended (fire road pino noir, I think). All the food was tasty, and it was reasonably priced, unlike some of the other restaurants in the surrounding blocks. Then we ordered a second round - different glass of wine for her, draft beer for me. Only it turned out that they had just switched the keg, so I picked a bottle instead. Then the waitress came back with our drinks, apologized for the delay (which we hadn't noticed), and told us this round was on the house. What?! Amazing! If I lived in Philly, this would be my new favorite restaurant. As it is, I'll be sure to come back next time I'm in town.My friends and I were so excited to have dinner and a few drinks here for happy hour. Our waiter was so rude to us that we ended up chugging our drinks and running out of there. This guy was snobby and rude as soon as we walked in the door. Its a shame because this place has a great atmosphere and $4 house wines for happy hour. Sadly I won't be coming back here.Came here looking for wine and conversation with friends, was not disappointed. We had a few red wines. The house Pino Noir was $6 which is my current favorite. Atmosphere and music was spot on for a nice evening out. There is lots of seating at the bar and 2 person high tops, so date nights with quick seating is possible. There is a street side seating area with heat lamps, but being the dead of winter only smokers took breaks out there. During the warmer seasons this is a popular seating area as the 'Gayborhood' has great people watching. One of the best areas in Philly and could see taking the ladies in my family here.
Later on we added the cheese plate to the drink order which came out with paired fruits and bread. The cheeses were explained and I was extremely impressed that they had raw milk cheeses. I thought in the US that we could only have pasteurized cheese and needed to go to Euro to try a true cheese. Save the plane ticket and stop here instead. 
Staff is very helpful and knowledgeable. Great overall experience, will have to come back to try their dinner service.Made a reservation for Restaurant Week.  Overall, we were not impressed.  The portions were very small for $35 per person.  Just about everything was under seasoned.  The lemon whipped cream served on top of the peach and blueberry cobbler was over whipped into butter.  Not sure how that goes unnoticed in the kitchen.  We will not be back.came here for late night drinks... late night for me is 11pm!! Anyways, selection is great and prices were descent.  Can't go wrong. I love the ambiance.I had great snails here and a really good chicken entre. The wine was decent and the crowd was subdued. I had a nice experience.Happy Hour 4-6. $4 or $5 glasses of wine and some small plates on special.  Bartenders were awesome.  Very friendly and quick.  Good atmosphere, great place to meet up with some one a grab a drink.I love every single visit I take to Vintage. The food and wine selection are absolutely delightful. My favorite visits are perhaps my late night visits. The late night menu is delicious and different, and I completely recommend getting a cheese board. If you're lucky enough one of the fabulous bartenders may even ask to pick the cheeses for you. Mallory is undoubtedly my favorite bartender, her sheer enthusiasm continues to make me return, but the entire staff (Jameson, Vez, and Manager Britt) are kind and obviously strive to give impeccable service.Came here last Friday night with a friend from out of town and shared red and white wine flights. I loved the ambiance! Luckily it was nice out so we were able to sit outside. The food was just ok, we had the calamari which was nothing special. The service was just fine, not too friendly but it didn't hinder our experience. Definitely a great, low key place to enjoy some wine with friends!This place reminds me of Tria, but a little more spacious. My posse of lady friends were hoping for a quiet evening filled with classy beverages, some small bites, and of course, girl talk. We just got dinner from nearby, and we were sold on the easy going and comfortable atmosphere. Not only does this make a fine establishment to dish on the latest gossip, but it also makes a a great date place to wine and dine. The place is nice and dim, and I loved their ginormous wine bottle chandelier above the bar! We sat in the back, right next to their sweet cork divider. I heard 4,000 corks? Whoa!
The menu is massive and impressive. Since we just ate, we were looking for something sweet. The Brie en Croûte was delicious! Baked brie wrapped in a puff pastry adorned with sliced pears and in a caramel sauce. As for wines, I chose a spicy red called Carmenere (under the unusualy and exciting reds section), while others chose the house red, the Interchange, and a riesling. They served beer, too!
I'm sure I'll be here again!Like most non-Philadelphians, Tria is the only wine bar I read about in the Travel section from most reliable NY news publications. 
We made it a point to go there (for tourist reasons) during a chicks' night out. Since we were stationed at the Marriott on 13th St near City Hall, we decided a 10 block hike in 30-degree weather too brutal an ordeal for us. We settled for 2nd fave Vintage a couple blocks away after reading Jonathan T's review.
Upon entering, the Vin Marshall chandelier made of multi-tiered wrought iron frame with a colorful collage of empty bottles grabbed our attention. There were 2 empty stools by the bar right underneath it. We figured no one wanted to take the chance being seated there in case the chandelier suddenly comes crashing down on them.
This place is dark, long, and narrow. The decor is minimal and the ambience appeals to a more laid-back local yuppie crowd. The gender ratio was evenly balanced and there were more groups than couples hanging out here. There's nothing hipster pretentious about the service. The bartenders are goofball friendly and can turn into savvy cork dorks when you ask for a recommendation on specific wines.
The food selection was pretty decent but there's not much to rave about. We first ordered the 3 tiered cheese plate. It consisted of fruits on the top, 4 imported cheeses in the middle: Morbier (soft cow's milk cheese), Explorateur (triple creme goat's cheese), Roaring 40s (King's Island blue cheese), & Ghettoise (stinky unpasteurized cheese), and slices of baguette bread at the bottom. 
It was a good cheese selection, but we were disappointed getting bread in place of cured meats on the bottom plate. If they were out of the cured meats, perhaps honey-glazed mixed nuts would have been a better substitution?  
In addition to the cheese plate, we ordered the beef satay skewers (3pcs) soaked in peanut sauce. It was too sweet and I would have preferred a different marinade sauce. Since it was a filling dish, I decided not to complain.
I can understand why Tria frequently gets the nod over Vintage: 
1. Both are known for their extensive wine selections, but Tria comes out ahead with a more diverse and a much longer beer list.
2. There are over a dozen cheeses to choose from at Tria. At Vintage, you are limited only to 4 cheeses.
On the minus side of Tria, expect to wait 20-30 minutes for seating. It's always crowded and so loud you'd have to conduct conversations as if you were at a rock concert. There is more of a NY than a Philly flavor there. Why not head on over to Vintage and experience a more local and mellow atmosphere? It's the perfect alternative and we enjoyed our evening.There is a nice atmosphere and nice selection of wine. The food is limited, but is generally pretty good.Ordered red sangria and cant believe this wine bar got it wrong. It was extremely watered down and tasteless, the glass they gave the sangria in was very bulky - it was not a good Sangria overall. We ordered a fig and gorgonzola bruschetta and the housemade country patè - which was good but they took FOREVER to make it. It wasnt worth the wait time though. Overall not a good experience and I wouldn't be coming back.I like this place a lot.  Chill, good food, enviroment. Great wine selections. Unpretentious crowd. Staff is coolThere aren't too many proper wine bars in this city, and I know Tria is the obvious favorite, but let me tell you why, even though I love Tria, I would actually say Vintage is superior in several key ways.
Vintage offers an extensive wine selection, with plenty of affordable but delicious bottles, and a wide selection of wines by the glass. The servers are knowledgeable about the wine and are quick to offer samples from the menu. Last time I was there, I was looking for a tart but not too sweet white, and the server allowed me to try three different wines before making my choice. Very accommodating and friendly. 
They also offer a pretty decent beer bottle selection, and the food is relatively cheap, with a burger and other similar entrees clocking in at only $11. I've personally never eaten here, but friends of mine have, and have said it ranged from just OK to great. So, Vintage may not be a go to spot for food, but if you're going for amazing wine, and an extensive selection, the food comes secondary anyway. 
Another plus about this spot is that even though it's hip and top quality, it's rarely over-crowded, and it's often easy to find a seat or spot at the bar even on weekends, making it an ideal place to start or stop your night of bar crawling, or for a brief repose from a day of running errands or splurging at J. Crew (not referring to myself here).
If your personality isn't abhorrent, this is an easy win for a first date drink. This is also a good place to dump someone, too. Plenty of delicious wine to take your mind off of reality. If only we had more wine bars like this in Philly.I've been meaning to write this review for a while now, but have never found the time. Vintage will always have a special place in my heart because that is where I went on my first date with my now-fiancee. However, that's where the magic ends for me.
Their wine flights are excellent, and the best part of this place. Appetizers are ok. However, I find their service lacking, and the last time I was there, it was enough to make me never want to return. After getting carded, I took out my driver's license that had a hole punch in it (out of state, and I recently had gone to the DMV to get a PA license) as well as the temporary license that the DMV issues. My waiter made a big scene and said this was an unacceptable form of ID. I asked him to speak with his manager, since, those same forms of ID are acceptable to the TSA and the government. He finally left and took so long to come back, that I just asked back for my ID and left. He dealt with it in such an unprofessional manner that the nearby tables were even looking at me.Vintage Wine Bar was never a consideration for me before, but we are currently on a wine kick and noticed this spot while we were at Zavino. On a busy Friday night, we managed to get a table inside and by the window. It was a little cramped but it was to be expected. 
Space: Typical of Market East area, a lot of these places will be tight. I felt bad passing by people at tables with my 2 bags and hoped I didn't whack anyone while they were enjoying their dinner. 
Service: Attentive and friendly. I enjoyed the service from the host, food runner and our waitress.
Food: Wow, I never hear this place mentioned for having great food but it must be getting slept on. I LOVED my venison stew and my pistachio financier dessert. 
Overall, a wonderful experience here.The four stars are for the wine bar part.  Vintage has a good selection of wines and a nice setting in which to enjoy them -- exposed brick, a variety of seating options, and an upscale rustic look.  They also hosted a festive Beaujolais Nouveau fete recently, helping the party atmosphere by providing French berets to all. 
The food options did not strike me as particularly appealing and were pricey to boot.  I got to try a couple of their soups.  The cheese and bread in the French onion soup were tasty, but the onions tasted like they might have gotten a bit charred while getting caramelized.  The mushrooms in the veggie soup were yummy, but the soup itself was somewhat listless.   
Service was good.Best Creme Brulee ever!!! And they serve my favorite beer, Bell's Two Hearted Ale. I haven't tried their food yet, so I'm reserving the fifth star for after I have.I went in to Vintage after months of meaning to check it out and was completely unimpressed.  On first entry, nobody was at the hostess stand, but the sign said wait to be seated.  I looked around and couldn't see anyone who worked there except the bar tender, so I walked over to the bar and sat down at the last available seat, thinking I would have myself a happy hour drink as a treat.  Unfortunately, I was ignored for about 10 minutes.  During that time, I perused the menu and wasn't impressed with the wine selection.  I'm not sure why the bar tender decided to ignore me, since she walked past me several times, but it might have been because she seemed to be flirting with several gentlemen at the other end.  Needless to say, I got up and left.  I won't be back.This little wine bar is perfect for date night!  It's quite intimate and romantic with it's brick interior and dim lighting.  They offer a small menu plus chalkboard specials along with a nice selection of wines and wine flights.  The night I visited there was a filet listed as a chalkboard special and it was quite good - cooked to the right temperature and if I recall correctly served with a red wine reduction.  It was the perfect compliment to the many red wines I sampled.
The servers were friendly and knowledgeable about the selections.  I told my server what types of wine I enjoyed and she made recommendations from there.  She was spot on with her recommendations. 
Overall, this was a great experience and I will definitely visit again when I have the opportunity to travel to Philadelphia.  Bonus - walking distance from the Marriot downtown!There's a lot about this place to love, before one even gets to wine and food. You walk into a long narrow bar with a rustic, yet refined ambiance. The interior is beautifully done and the noise level is moderate, so it's the perfect spot for either a first date or just catching up with friends and/or coworkers.
I've come multiple times for happy hour (however, be warned, their happy hour is from 4-6 not standard 5-7, which is sort of annoying but whatever). It's a great opportunity to try decent wines for a very reasonable price. Another happy hour perk at Vintage is that they offer a daily bubbly special, which I have yet to encounter elsewhere in the city.  
I'm only subtracting one star because I find the food to be rather lackluster. While I never had any entrees, the appetizers I've tried were just alright. I was particularly disappointed by the Fig & Gorgonzola Bruschetta - it lacked presentation, was very messy to eat, and the Gorgonzola was overwhelmingly mild for a usually potent cheese.We stopped in during Sips while we waited for our table to become available at Sampan. When the server/host came up, I asked if we could sit anywhere for happy hour (it was 6:15-6:30). The guy said happy hour was over. I asked, "Even Sips?" The server pointed and said Sips was in the bar, self-service only. I realize I only asked about happy hour, but I would expect he would have at least mentioned Sips. 
Equally disinterested was the bartender, no matter how nice I tried to be. My husband picked up on it too when he got a drink at the bar. Bummer, as we love wine bars, but with both employees we encountered being grumpy, we quickly finished our drinks and moved onto the next place.I'm an out of towner frequently here for work, and Vintage is my go to spot for an after work drink and light dinner. Great atmosphere, great service, great wines.My favorite Favorite FAVORITE wine bar in the city!!!   This place has my heart and I just can't get enough.  My husband and I usually visit Vintage either before or after we eat  at one of the neighboring restaurants.....it is the perfect date spot.....quiet, dimly lit, very romantic.  The selection of wines from all over the world is seriously impressive, I love being able to leaf through the wine menu and not see wines that you can purchase at your neighborhood liquor store. ...it adds to the ambiance and specialness of Vintage.  For those non-wine drinkers they also have a commodious beer and liquor selection.
Their prices are extremely reasonable and their happy hours specials are always enticing, they also have rotating chalkboard specials. 
What a fab little place.....perhaps one of the city's hidden gems.  I highly recommend!!!A nice place with a big selection of wine, but the atmosphere was boring and service was okay.I love Vintage! And I've told so many people about it. I was excited to introduce two friends to it tonight, but we had one of the rudest waitresses I've ever experienced. It was such a disappointment. She was so incredibly rude for no reason at all.... It was so different from my other vintage experiences!! I'll be back because I've loved vintage and all of the servers there except the one who was so exceptionally rude tonight!Cute place with good wine selection and reasonable prices.  We enjoyed a flight of Italian wines with cheese pairing.  All very good, but the serving of cheese and bread was very small.  Good service and a very nice atmosphere.  We will be back.Fortunately for me, I am hanging out with a serious foodie who is exposing me to all the neat restaurants in the city.
We have come here twice-once after an opera and another after the symphony. Both times have been great, as I really enjoy the wine specials here.  I did a red wine from Argentina the first time, which was amazing...and even tried some escargo.
The second time I went with their salmon appetizer (bruschetta?), which for $7 was very delicious. I really enjoyed it and also the attractive company that I had with me. They also have a great list of beers
Overall, the service has been pretty good here, with the wait staff being very friendly and the ambience being more low-key and relaxed.Great cheese plate. Tasty vino. Love the fact that the bartenders give you a taste if you ask "what is this rose like"......Not enough places in CA do that--and Christ, this is the land of vino!!!  Anyway.....
The cheese plate was so good--one of our pet peeves is restaurants who try to do this, then bring the cheese out rock hard cold.....it's basically supposed to be room temp to bring out the flavors, and they did this perfectly.  And all the pairings with the cheeses were so inventive and good, I don't remember what they all were, but they went together well.  
One slight nit--I wish the bartender would have said "don't order that rose with cheese, it doesn't go"--cuz it didn't.  Should have stuck with the chard, but I didn't ask and she didn't volunteer......just saying.......My partner and I come up to Philadelphia often to get away from Washington.  On almost every occasion, we stop for wine and/or dinner from Vintage.  We wandered in on one of our first trips to Philly, just after it had opened.  
It is definitely a wine bar, but more in the tradition of a neighborhood bistro than a night on the town.  As others have mentioned, wine-related paraphinalia everywhere, but tasteful.  It has a relaxed but laid back feeling.  You wouldn't want to visit in shorts and a t-shirt, but nice casual clothes are perfect.  The waitstaff is attentive and was usually knowledgable about the wine list.
The very first time we visited we each did one of the wine flights.  The selection was very good, the prices were good, and the pours generous.  The small plates and the cheese plate that we ordered to go with it were excellent.  A couple of them were plenty for dinner.
Other times, we have ordered a bottle of wine with the small plates and the cheese plate.  The wine list was extensive, but not arcane, not overpriced, and varied.  One time we visited in the summer and eery bottle of white wine was sold out., but that is the only really poor service that we have had.This was the first stop for us upon arriving to the 13th st Festival. I had been wanting to try this place for a while its been a bookmark for a while unfortunately it left me w/ mixed feelings. 
The Pros: service was great initially we were at a high bar area two top and Vinny P joined us a little later in our time here so our server was gracious enough to move us to a larger table. The wine list has some impressive options for anyones palate. The decor/ambiance was awesome. 
The Cons: the food i wasn't really empresses with the amount of options and the though we didn't order the cheese board it walked by our table a few times and looked disappointingly small.
We started with the gorgonzola dip which was good quite creamy and very flavorful. The downside to this dish was the lack of crackers i think i counted 6 and the container in which the dip came was pretty big. 4 small cut up pieced of  fig and probably a 1/4 of a small granny smith apple was sliced down and served. The wine we chose was great and a steal at 6.00 a glass. I did sample the 5.00 sangria they offered outside and it was very good ! 
We added a side order of fries which came with a red pepper aioli they fries were a hit with the table and id def order them again. 
Price to portion ratio on the food items seemed a little less than average i over heard another table mention they weren't a fan of the cheese selections of accompaniments.
Id come back here for drinks before or after dinner i probably will stick to Tria for my cheese  and snack needs.Great service, lots of wine choices, and great food. We keep going back!  Highly recommend making a reservation though, this place is popular!!Great wine tasting- 4 flights for $17.00 and a great selection. Good appetizers but limited entrees but the one I had was a great value.Stopped here before Barbuzzo.  It looked very inviting because of the decor.  The staff was very nice.   They had Arrogant Bastard so I loved that.  The burgers looked amazing and we kept thinking that we should just stay.  We did have a lovely meal at Barbuzzo but left hungry.  We came here after and had the pickle egg frenchbread and the gorgonzola bruschetta.  The food was amazing.  Once again loved a AB and the staff was awesome.  Will return to eat a full meal here.  This place gets you in the Christmas spirit!First night in Philadelphia.  Looked up wine bars and this is where your good reviews led me, fellow Yelpers.
Crowded for a Thursday night - or maybe it's always crowded?  I sat at one of the three bar seats that were open.  Hipstery-trendy vibe but with character.  Seems like a good date or small group place.
The bartender was nice and attentive.  I had a glass of cabernet, the romaine hearts salad with golden raisin dressing and the bouillabaisse.  Everything was great - the salad in particular was really good, with walnuts and goat cheese.  I'll be back to try more of the menu.Strictly average. The best way to describe everything from the food to the served is average! We tried the famous veggie burger and it was just ok. The  fries and dip were really delicious!
The wine was ok, service was ok and so were the cocktails.Huge fan of Vintage! It's a great alternative to Tria when I want wine and want more to eat than cheese.  I would prefer to give it 3.5 stars, and not three.  But I give it 3 for its slightly overpriced food, and it's weirdly timed happy hour (4 - 6 - I mean who gets out of work at 4?).  Also it is ALWAYS dark in there.  
However, they have a great wine selection, the bartenders are friendly, the food, while overpriced is great, and the crowd is generally awesome.  Definitely a good place to go to in the winter, not so sure about other times of year.I've only gotten food to go from here but the bartenders have always been sweet and helpful, talkative while I was waiting. The food is good! Nice flavor, good unusual small plates you've gotta give a try! Will keep stopping in here!Went here for Happy Hour last Friday and caught the last half hour (it ends at 6!)
but was just enough time to grab two glasses of so so wine but it was cheap so I can't complain
The HH cheese/charcuterie options looked abysmal so we decided to just do drinks
Upon leaving, we found out everywhere was a 2 hr wait for food so we turned around and go re-seated! 
Most of us got the burger which at 9pm anything hot would have tasted good 
It was decent but nothing to write home about and was relatively inexpensive $12
The waitstaff was very attentive and nice--turned on the outdoor heater for us as it started to get chilly outside
Perhaps I'm a bit spoiled coming from years of living in SF, but I expected some more exciting and interesting options for a "Wine" bar
In the city I still think the quality of wines and the selection are better at TriaOne of my favorite if not my favorite places wine and dine places in Philly. I've come here for wine, for food, and for their service (which has always been excellent). 
I absolutely LOVE the German rieslings they have and seasonal selections they provide. In addition, j love their spreads like the Duck Patè and the cheese plate! Absolutely would recommend to any wine and fine dining lover. Although a bit pricey, this is one of the few places where I feel like I get the bang out of the buck I'm spending especially since I'm an avid cook and can taste the quality of the items on their menu. My taste buds deeply enjoy every experience I have here!This review is more for the service experienced. My friends and I had missed Happy Hour at a local restaurant and decided to come here to get a glass of wine and unwind from the week. When asking the server for wine suggestions, we were met with short snide responses. He seemed irritated that I was asking for help in selecting a wine. Wine comes out and we barely saw our server again. He seemed to have his favorites since neighboring tables received much more attention and he seemed to have an easy time talking to them. The glass of wine I had was good but nothing to rave about and the appetizers we ordered were okay. Definitely will not be coming back.Everything was really good, but I don't think it was great enough to make anyone want to come here instead of the other restaurants in this neighborhood.
Pros: I found my new favorite beer (Duvel), and there was places to sit at the bar on a Friday night, the atmosphere is nice, French onion soup, and mashed potatoes.
Cons: limited menu, cocktails were weak and too sour from the fruit, and the best food was the side dish(es).
The French onion soup was the best I've had basically ever. This place puts Parc to shame.
Two of us had the veal short rib, which was disappointing, but the mashed potatoes were amazing. The other person in our party has the burger and didn't seem all too impressed. The fries were good, though, without tasting unhealthy.
I'd come back for beer and French onion soup.Philly is a surprisingly happening place at 5:30 on a Friday night, so the two open seats at the bar at Vintage was a thrilling seat since we were starving and in dire need to quench our thirst with a tasty adult beverage. I ordered an Allagash White and it was served with a lemon slice which I have never experienced before and it really added to the flavor of the beer. My friend has a Wagner's Cider and enjoyed it immensely...I mean who doesn't love a good cider now and again. For dinner we shared an appetizer, two entrees, and a dessert. The appetizer we chose was the Bruschetta with Gorgonzola cheese, fig, radish, green apple, and celery leaf and the juxtaposition of the savory, sweet, and tart components mixed with the creaminess of the cheese and the crispness of the bread was HEAVENLY and my friend is still talking about it several days later. For our entrees, we shared the shrimp that was served on what seemed liked a Tzatziki and had tomatoes, capers, cucumber and micro greens with a wedge of lemon. The shrimp were unbelievably fresh and I was extremely impressed with the light flavor and texture of the shrimp. It was the perfect pairing for the Steak Frites which is much heavier. However, the reason for the deduction of a star is because the steak had absolutely no seasoning or flavor WHATSOEVER (although it was tender and cooked to a perfect medium rare), and the fries were so salty it was as if I was licking on a Himalayan brick of salt. For dessert, we shared the Profiteroles with vanilla ice cream instead of the traditional cream within the pastry. I actually liked it very much and loved the caramel sauce that I was scraping off the plate to make sure none went to waste. The service was great, the ambiance very cool, and the food overall quite good. I would go back just for the bruschetta again. I loved the chandelier made from wine bottles and thought the art that adorns the walls is eclectic and  cool.You should totally check this place out. Vintage is a dimly lit wine bar with a huge selection of delicious and reasonably priced wines. The ambiance is very chic and romantic, a perfect date spot really. They have lots of comfortable chairs and booths, and an awesome chandelier made out of empty wine bottles. 
The wine list is extensive and has everything from Pinot Grigio through Malbecs and Torontes. I would estimate that the wine averages around $9/glass, which isn't bad a for a place like this. If you're not sure what to get, definitely ask the bartenders. They are very knowledgeable and will not steer you wrong. 
I would recommend catching dinner across the street and Sampan and wandering over here for some post-dinner drinks and conversation.3 stars based on the cheese plate but overall and based on past experience - four stars.
Great wine selection and happy hour wine prices. Funky ambiance with exposed brick and changing artwork featuring local artists. Food selection is small, but usually    Satisfying and well-executed. Cheese plate left much to Be desired and is not worth the $15 they charged for it. For someone visiting town, I'd be hard pressed to send them to vintage over tria which is just a couple blocks away. Great outdoor seating and open window.  I work nearby and this is my go-to spot for an after work glass of wine with my wife or friends.I just got back from the vintage wine bar...after flying all day from San  Diego.  We walked to the Vintage Wine Bar from Loews... A short walk and well Aleut the 5 minutes it took.  We had the calamari appetizer....superb.  We have the bronzino fish for dinner...equally superb.  We dined outside.  The bartender learned how to make my favorite drink (Colorado Bulldog) and we had a wonderful dinner. Great atmosphere and service.  Easy to walk to from Loews or the M!arriott. My husband had a nice beer and the wine list was exceptional.  We will be back.  Wonderful wonderful.Food didn't taste good and wine too expensive and nothing special.
We decided to eat there because everywhere else was booked.
I had a chicken and the sauce that they service wasn't that great.   I probably won't go back there.In a city that seems to be lacking bars dedicated to the grape, Vintage is refreshing. A lot of wines from which to choose. At one visit, I was able to order a white grenache, which was very tasty. The food is good, but not outstanding. The staff has been very friendly every time we've been there. I'll definitely make this a regular place for a pre-dinner drink when I'm in the city.The atmosphere in this place is great, and as other reviewers noted, they have a pretty good selection of wines by the glass, bottle, and flight.  The food is really good, though I have had much better charcuterie plates. 
4 stars because of the service: The server did not offer to describe any of the wines nor answer questions. When prompted, he told me only the varietals, which I already knew.  IMO, the reason to go to a wine bar is to try new wines and learn just a little about them.  The staff at Tria is a lot more helpful and knowledgeable.Good selection of wine by the glass and bottles and lovely atmosphere. Great after dinner drinks too.. Small menu so don't plan on stuffing yourself here but do get the squash appetizer because it's so yummy.Overpriced, small dishes. Not that flavorful or well executed. Maybe we just hit it on a bad night, but I'd say there are better values elsewhere in the neighborhood.Vintage is sexy, no two ways about it.  Their music is sexy (was that RJD2 I heard on the stereo?  I believe it was), their lighting is sexy, and their wines - smooth and exquisite - are definitely sexy.
Their bathrooms... could use some work.  I'm not a fan of paper towel waste strewn about the (damp!) floor.  I'm not a fan of funky smells, either.  This definitely detracted from my otherwise swanky experience.  But, to be fair, the other bathroom was clean and not a problem.
Come here for the wine, but eat before you go - the food here is good, but overpriced.  I say this not with regard to the quality of the food, but rather the quantity.  I ended up paying twice what I usually pay and getting less than half as much.  For the few hours I spent at Vintage, I could play at being a sophisticated adult, but after paying the bill and walking out, I was harshly reminded that I am barely out of college with an entry-level salary - I'll happily go back, but not on my own nickel.The staff is so friendly, the atmosphere is great, and the wine is fabulous.  They let you taste various types if you are unsure of what to get, and make great recommendations.
I recommend getting the olive platewith your wine!!Really like this place. The ambiance is awesome, but the cheese plate puts it over the top. They always have great accompaniments to their tasty cheese, and they don't skimp like some places if you need extra toast. We usually go here for a pre dinner drink, and leave in good spirits.Wandered into this awesome little space on Valentines Day evening to grab some drinks with friends.  A wine and liquor selection that is out of the park and a decent beer selection, this spot is a nice place to start or end your night.  Their food menu looked pretty decent as well, although I was much too full to try anything from it.  I'd suggest popping into this place if you ever need a place to meet up with some people in the city before or after dinner, or even for a light after work happy hour.A great selection of wine, delectable bites and a great atmosphere. What more do you need for an after work drink spot?
Happy Hour here is great- they have discounted glasses of wine, beer and their house made sangria. Happy Hour starts early here and ends early (4-6)- we missed it by a half hour, however, their house Pinot Grigio was only $6 a glass, which made for a cheap night. 
We ordered the cheese plate to accompany our wine- it came with a nice selection of different cheeses as well as freshly baked baguette and fruit. It was a good appetizer choice since we weren't too hungry.
The best place about Vintage is that they can open up the windows to the outside. Since it was nice yesterday, they had the windows open so you could enjoy the outdoor air. They also have outdoor seating- this is going to be perfect for Sips in the summer.
Definitely want to come back here and try the full menu for dinner- just need to make sure to book a reservation. The wait last night was 2.5 hours for a table of 4.The Vintage Burger is not only extremely tasty but every component is cooked to perfection. The bacon was crispy and delightful while the cheese was melted but held it's structure. Additionally, the burger was served with a great aioli, I wish I had gotten more.I am less impressed by this place compare to other wine bars but definitely is not bad.  Me and my friend ordered bubbly and sangria but was not aware that it is actually 2 different drinks listed on the same line, either way, I loved both the bubbly and the sangria (5 dollars each at happy hour).
As for the food, they have a decent size menu. My friend had the lamb chop which use to be 19 dollars as a meal but is not 10 dollars as an appetizer, even better in my opinion. Also had tuna from specials menu which was only mediocre.   I would come back for drinks.Can't believe this place isn't busier. I stop by, and it's never as packed as all the other restaurants in the neighborhood. I guess this is a good thing. 
In any case, a friend & I  had the mussels the homemade spaghetti special, which contained beef cheeks, wild mushrooms & a poached egg. It was really good. We also had some chocolate cake made w/ some sort of local beer. Also very good.
The one complaint I had was with how the mussels were served. They brought them out on this tower w/ an empty bowl on the bottom, the mussels in a bowl in the middle, and the fries on top. It made for some awkward maneuvering trying to avoid knocking anything over, and it made it very difficult to dip the fries in the mussels. Oh well. Just a small thing. At least the food was great.
I will definitely come back here to try more stuff.Great place for a date. Get the night started at the bar with some house wine and the cheese plate. Cheese plate comes with taleggio and Roquefort paired with fig paste and sweet brittle. It also comes with sliced red grapes and strawberries. I believe there are four types of cheeses total. I also recommend coming around 7:30 PM on a Saturday for a good vibe.
Pros
* Good wine and food at a reasonable price
* Excellent appetizer pairing with wine
* Not overly crowded or loud
* Great dimly lit atmosphere
* Central location
* Excellent staff: friendly and knowledgeable 
* Unique central wine bottle chandelier 
* Lots of bar space for food and drinks
Cons
* Place can feel a bit small
* No live musicAwesomeness must stop by if you love wine!!!! The food was delicious and the service was GREAT!!! Crowd was grown and sexy!!!