I'm giving them that elusive 5th star!
I've been going here for the past 2 years it looks like, and today they earned that 5th star. There was a billing problem with my credit card in that a simple accident resulted in my getting charged $110.78 instead of $10.78. 
Shit happens, so why do they get the 5th star for making the mistake? Because they solved the problem quickly, with respect, and a sincere apology. I didn't get any perk/extra in the process, I would have refused (hey it's a small business, be nice). 
I felt good walking out of there, need I say more? Good people here.Owners are honest, good natured and always open.So I am really not a fan of buffets, but I love the cold buffet at VIP!! The snowpeas are really good and they have this asian salad/slaw that is really good.  It is tangy and spicy and I love it.  I have no idea what is in it (it kinda looks like grass and vegetable) but it tastes really good.  The veggies here are really good, and I am not a person that likes veggies so that is saying a lot.  Yes, they are lightly coated in oil so they are not the healthiest option, but I will take my veggies any way I can that tastes good.  The hot food option on the buffet don't really look so great except the chicken is black pepper sauce.  It is really good, and it is the only thing I really get here besides the cold veggies.I haven't had the food, but, I've never gotten a bad or shady vibe in the store even late since I discovered the place last year. Very friendly and awesome staff. Also, they have great deals on alcohol. Got a 4-pack of Old E cans for less than $5.Update: Still my favorite beer store. I can mix it up with a build-your-own 4 or 6 pack or just buy my Smithwicks. The fruit is really good and the udon noodles and other Asian specialty foods are great.
 This is my beer store, especially now that the selection has increased to include big bottles of awesome beers like St. Bernardus Abt 12.  If there's a beer you want, suggest it - they're open to new ideas.  They also have my coffee, butter, bisquick and other basics I can grab on the way home.  I can't comment on the buffet, but the fuji apples are awesome.Excellent and affordable salad bar in a convenient spot.  Blows sweetgreen out of the fricking theatre.  They accept cash here, as any free market business would.
 Huge beer selection though I'd trade half of the "craft" beers for racks of real beer like Rolling Rock, Hi Life and NarragansettIn NYC, there are a million-billion little deli/bodegas that also feature a hot|cold|salad bar.  They are great.  I see what looks fresh, what looks well-made, what looks intriguing, and what looks like...well, I'll pass on that.
Here in Illadelph, my new home, I've had trouble finding these kinds of places.  It's terrible and I am sad.  Or _was_ sad, rather.  Why?  Because I have a hard time making decisions because I'm wishy-washy neurotic who agonizes over simple choices and then hate myself forever.  It's terrible and it can only be ameliorated by *BUFFET*.  Buffet salad bar is best (partly because it helps with my dietary restrictions).  No one loves, cares for, cherishes, treasures, understands, sympathizes, empathizes, and generally lives-and-dies by buffet like me.  Trust me, homes.
Sure VIP is mostly a convenience store with typical stuff.  Wevs.  For me, buffet is tha King.  And at VIP, it.  is.  AWESOME.  Reminds me of NYC (at 2/3 the price).  'Nuff said.I only ever come here for beer because it's right around the corner from my apartment. I've never had the food. 
They have a decent selection of craft beers. Though prices aren't the best (pro tip: go to Acme for the cheapest six packs, widest selection in the area is at Bella Vista Beer, Monde Market in Rittenhouse has the cheapest singles), but I mean, it's great if you don't want to travel too far. The prices aren't awful, but it's pretty standard for any deli that sells mix a six packs in this area (but everything tends to be more than Acme and Monde).
I don't know why, but I get carded every time even though I've been here like four or five different times. Dudes should know me by now. 
As for the "market" part, they definitely have a different selection than the other delis I've been to. This is the only one I've seen quinoa at. I never actually bought anything, but the food from the self-serve area/buffet looks kind of gross. 
I bought half a pound of Dietz and Watson chicken from here A LONG TIME AGO. If I recall correctly, the price was reasonable, but I probably could've saved like a dollar at Acme. 
But remember, you're paying for the convenience. Not the environment or the selection.
If it's not 11pm, I wouldn't go here for beer.This food is gross and the people are so shady. I went in to buy lunch today and they claimed they forgot to charge me for the blueberries I bought a week ago and added 5 dollars to my order. They had no proof or receipt... Never going here again.I used to come here all the time when I lived in Center City.  The salad bar was decent when I came here back in the 90s, now it seems like times have changed.  I came here for lunch recently and found that the hot food was not hot, and when I was eating I found a hair in my food, and sadly ended up throwing out my food after that.  Not sure if I'll be back, which is a shame, because I do love these types of salad bar/grocery stores.Excellent value and one of the most interesting assortment of food items I've ever seen. Its mostly Korean but some dishes include avocado and / or mango, and they also have Dolmas (rice wrapped with grape leaves = Greek).
Outstanding beer selection and very well priced, but you can't drink it in the store - take out only.Didn't try any of the prepated food, but ginormous selection of by single bottle.  Interesting range of food and snack food including coffee and chocolate Rx Bars and Essentia water, all at decent prices.I'm a person who likes convenience and reduced regulation, so it's not surprising that I get annoyed with Pennsylvania's draconian liquor/beer laws. Knowing how this state works, I kept an eye out for a beer store all the way back from the art museum to our hotel on 12th street. I think we might have made it all the way back before we had to turn around and cover a few more streets to finally find this place.
A place that easily sells beer in Pennsylvania without having to go into a bar or be fooled by a place that only sells liquor and wine?!? Ho my!VIP used to be the only show in town across the street from my office in terms of lunch and convenience items. The salad bar has a range of choices from hot entrees to cold dishes and fruits and vegetables. It's pretty good with lots of healthy options. Vegetarian and non-veg. They sell beer, 'nuff said. Tea, milk, cookies, etc. I've never gotten a sandwich here before; it's not obvious that one can buy a sandwich here. 
Therein is the start of my discussion on a major problem. Being in the store feels unpleasant, sickly. It is poorly-designed and laid out. It's often overlooked, but there actually is a dine-in section in the back that's about as well-lit as a cave. Who wants to sit down and eat there (although I have seen some people brave the elements)? As soon as Citi-Marketplace opened next door, that's where I go every day. Citi-Marketplace does interior design right. VIP really needs an interior and exterior overhaul if they indeed want to draw more customers.So I stopped here once for a breakfast sandwich on my way to school.  When I tried to pay with a credit card (total was 9.00 cause I bought some other stuff) they told me that they have a $10.00 minimum.  When I informed that this practice violated their agreements with credit card companies (it does look it up), the cashier flippantly suggested that since all the other stores in the area do it, its OK.  I then showed the cashier my wallet, devoid of greenbacks and asked her to give me a break because the total was close to $10.00 anyway.  She flippantly said no, that is our policy, without a hint of remorse or a simple sorry.  Being hungry I decided it was worth the trip to the ATM for my already complete breakfast sandwich.
Ok not so bad right?  I should have just had cash.
Get's worse.  I then left the paper cup she handed me for my coffee on the counter and filled up my small reusable mug.  She immediately stopped me and said I couldn't use my mug because it was bigger than their small coffee size.  I told her it is exactly the same size (12 oz I think) but she insisted I use the paper cup.  I filled up the paper cup with coffee than slowly poured it into my reusable mug to show her it was the same size.  When she saw I was right she walked away without saying a word.
These people suck.  They might have an ok collection of atypical food products but their service is lousy.
My breakfast sandwich was OK.
Their coffee blew.This used to be my go-to market, until Citi Marketplace opened up nextdoor. Their salad bar is pretty awesome -- hot and cold food from chicken and macaroni and cheese to healthy fixin' and asian fare. And they do have a lot more to offer, from cat food to cold drinks. The difference is that the nextdoor market is friendlier, brighter and somehow more with it. Alas, because it's still good...and I miss their scallion pancakes!What an awesome little market. They have an entire salad bar to make whatever you please. Their beer selection is absolutely insane. They have so many different breweries represented. If I had to guess, 200 different beers in their fridge. The best part, the prices are really good for this type of store. 
They also carry a wide selection of cigarettes, which is nice because my brand is usually difficult to find in smaller stores. 
If you're in the neighborhood, check it out. I thought it was surprisingly good.Cool semi-hidden market! I had no idea this place even existed, but my local friend suggested it to pick up craft beer bottles on the go. The selection is seasonal and up to date. I didn't see any expired bottles, so that's always a plus! They offer a refrigerated section or room temp options.
I was surprised by their large selection of Almanac bottles. Picked up a couple! They were going for $12/each, which isn't terrible but you could probably find cheaper elsewhere.
For a quick snack or beer, this is a good spot in Midtown Village.Always friendly, great selection of everything; beer, snacks, drinks, and hot food. They have a lot of vegetarian options at their deli which is awesome.  I stop in often for breakfast and lunch, try the kimchi fries, sounds weird but tastes so good!
They do take credit cards, but it's a $5 minimum.I haven't been to VIP market since i moved to south philly and have Hung Vuong right around the corner, but i used to go here all the time to grab Japanese ingredients for cooking. They had products that i just couldnt get in West Philly. They even have fresh produce. I've bought Japanese eggplants and yams here.
I also like the beer selection. Everything is reasonably priced. I haven't tried the salad bar but it always looks and smells tempting. I'm almost positive i've had an American hoagie from here (i get them wherever i go) and i believe it was perfectly acceptable. 
Yes, the newer, flashier Citi Marketplace opened right next door, but VIP has things that Citi simply does not. Namely Japanese ingredients and beer.At first glance as you pass by this little market, it looks just like every other mini-grocery store that dot center city. In many ways, it is. Uninspiring vegetable displays, batteries behind the counter, etc...
Don't let its size fool you. Stuff is packed in like sardines and has a more overt "Asian flare" than other stores this side of Market Street. You can pick up a six pack of lager, Japanese soda with the little marble inside, Nishiki brand rice, and spicy seaweed...all at a modest mark-up. If you couldn't find anything to buy at its mini-grocery neighbor (Citi Marketplace), you might find it here.
There's also a fairly good sized buffet on one side of the store. I didn't try the food, but it looked on par with any given Chinese take-out place in the city.
Alright, so maybe this place deserves three and a half stars, but we'll round up simply because I was pleasantly surprised with its selection. If you live nearby and don't have the time/bus token to head to Chinatown or the nearest Super Fresh, it's worth dropping in.
$10 minimum on credit cards!I've recently started coming here more often for pantry items, they have a great selection of Triscuits, frozen entrees, soups, cookies, great selection of Halo Top, which is a little expensive.  They also have some produce such as bananas, I think I saw grapes, apples, etc.  They have a good cold beverage selection, I got my Vitamin Water Zero!  I also like the snack, lots of Quest bars, Mrs. Fields' individual cookies, plenty of candy, etc.  I do miss little bite size candy by the register which another market offers.  I think that a $5 minimum on a debit/credit card is very reasonable!  I have been to other markets where the minimum was $10.  
The location is great for me because I live close by.  I do think that the workers could be a little friendlier, I do miss that about the other market I used to go to which is further away.  They have a better selection of some items, some of which can be a little expensive but everything looks fresh.  I'll be back!Great beer selection for those looking for a quality carryout without buying quantities. Singles from great craft beer at reasonable prices.Probably the best convenience store/bodega in the immediate area. HUGE selection they pack into this place. I haven't tried the buffet. I may sometime, but if I do it'll definitely be before noon as they're setting it out. Here's another store that has a weird smell to it, and that smell is not of food. They have an excellent selection of interesting Asian grocery items that you can't find easily in center city.This is basically a standard corner store with a mediocre salad bar and no bullet proof cage for the cashiers.  The "chinese and american food" offerings are sub par to down right bad.  Meatloaf and meatballs in the same lukewarm metal serving platter floating in what I can only assume is canned brown gravy.  It reminded me of tires and other car parts I once saw half-submerged in a muddy swamp.  The general tso's chicken looked like medical waste no high ranking military official would serve his troops.
I garauntee your salad/meal by the pound will end up being more expensive than you anticipated.I stopped by this market several times while staying in Center City for a business trip.  I went originally because I was looking to buy local beer.  I was so impressed with the selection and loved that I could create my own six pack.  I was surprised to find a full buffet and pretty well stocked market as well so I came back a few more times for random items.  Everyone was always friendly and I was really just blown away by the amount of beer in there.I ordered a mesquite turkey hoagie from VIP Deli and it sucked. First of all they gave me the wrong type of turkey. Basically everything I asked for was the opposite. I asked for light mayo, they gave too much mayo, I asked for hot peppers, they gave me sweet peppers, I asked for light oil, they gave me a soggy hoagie. And to top it off, they gave me this little skimpy piece of lettuce. The total cost of the hoagie was $7.01. I will NOT be going back to VIP Deli. Total waste of my money.This review is for the turkey soup. It's damn good turkey soup. I haven't even questioned my own decision to eat it just weeks before Thanksgiving because it's so freakin tasty. I wish they had bigger bowls to put it in. It's only $4 for a large and they throw you those 2 extra packs of PREMIUM brand saltine crackers too. No skimping on the generic brand. They have fresh hot rice on the side that you can add to your soups too. They also have other soups that are probably also very good. I wouldn't touch that hot/cold salad bar though...VIP Market the worst place you would ever go to in that area of center city! The food is  reheated every day until its gone' so you might be eating 2 and 3 days old food. When they weigh the food they put all items dressing for the salad, ketchup, to make the cost go up. you have to watch them prices change based on who the cashiers.I bought one item one day, the next day same item it was sixty cents more. The 2 older Korean guys they have nasty attitude they claim they don't speak English, until their white customers come in and speak to them. I Spend over $738.22 off of one of my credit card in one year. They don't respect you why should I spend money there. It's over a year and 6 months I haven't gone back.  All my friends in the area do not patronize VIP market.VIP is an okay place to pick up sodas & some groceries.  Not amazing, not bad, maybe ready for a good cleaning but I was there at the end of a long day.  All the other customers were kids buying beer and munchies, I'll assume that they were older than they looked.  This market was okay but I liked the one next door better.Let's talk about selection for a second. There are a lot of deli marts with beer, so I'm not necessarily impressed with that. Queue hot and cold food bar. Now I'm normally grossed out by food that's just hanging out in open air with a skimpy "sneeze guard" on top. I mean, it's called a sneeze guard, that alone is a terrifying concept. If you have to guard your food against other people's forcibly expelled germs, it's probably time to procure food another way. But sometimes I fall victim to how easily LITERALLY reachable it is.
I try not to come here hungry or after a few drinks because if there's food I'll grab it, and then most of the time I am disgusted with myself for doing so... Even thus, I've basically tried enough items to be an expert at this point. On point are Jap Chae, seaweed salad and basically all the stir fry except the breaded fried then sauced kind. You know what I'm talking about, there's stir fry like take a protein and some veggies and a sauce and make that happen in a wok. And then there's "stir fry" like "I covered this unidentifiable meat like substance in unidentifiable goop and then fried the life out of it and when it came out of the fryer I dumped unidentifiable sauce on it and rolled it around in that disgusting greasy animal semen from a cafeteria warming tray and now I'm trying to serve it as stir fry"-stir fry. So don't do the latter. And also don't do anything that's strictly seafood, it might seem like a good deal for the price per pound, but do you really want a piece of salmon that's soggy on one side from sitting in what I hope to god is its own poaching liquid and hard and stale on the other side from being under a heat lamp all day long? No, you don't.
If you come here for the market, which you might, it's actually pretty awesome too. It's one of the more well stocked markets in the area, and it has the advantage (over regular grocery markets) of being open well into you-shouldn't-be-buying-pantry-essentials-hours. But they do that! They have miso too! The PASTE. Not some dried up powder pouch sold at ungodly prices with no flavor and even less substance. So you know, it's 11pm, and you really want to bake that piece of cod in your fridge with a miso honey paste, guess who's got you covered? While you're at it, because you're so smart and remembered that this place is well stocked and opens late, why not reward yourself with some watermelon 4loko? Go on, no one will judge you, in fact, they will think you're even smarter for purchasing a drink accompaniment for your tasty cod.This is a convenient corner store that does stock a wide selection.  And as usual with corner stores, you pay a premium for the convenience.  But to me, the prices at VIP Market are high even for a corner store.
I should also mention they strictly enforce a credit card minimum of $7.  They will turn away a sale instead of taking a credit card when you don't have enough cash to cover a purchase.  And they also don't accept $100 bills.  When you factor the two together, it seems like a cash register squeeze play.
I treat this store as a last resort option.  And when I do have to pick up an item or two there, it feels like an epic fail.  Unfortunately, it's been months since I had to do the walk of shame into the VIP Market to make a purchase.5 Stars based solely on the beer bottle / can selections. I think VIP has the best beer selection of any beer store I ever visited. They always carry all the annual limited releases and rare or specialty items. You will find the best American craft beers, many excellent European beers and the best Canadian craft beers offerings in Philadelphia. 
If your a beer fan, give VIP a try. The place looks more like a deli / convenience store from the street - I walked by it daily for 2.5 years before I realized it was a beer goldmine.
BKComplained about the hot food not being at the proper temperature and their response was "it goes on and off"  wtf that means?! Never again...time to call the authoritiesCharged $6 for a small container of white rice. Never coming here againI love this place! Herbert is the best! They have the best beer selection around. You can get top beers from top breweries all over the country. I definitely recommend this place.A surprisingly well stocked grocery store featuring an fairly extensive and, for the most part, well-curated salad bar/buffet though the turkey slices lurk beneth a scary gelatinous ooze.Defiant a great place to go when you're in a hurry and want to pick up a quick, but hearty bite! Try out the buffet or get a sandwich from the deli. Prices are also reasonable.I love this place! They sell the most comprehensive selection of Japanese condiments and pantry items in Center City (outside of ChinaTown and Washington Avenue).I love popping in for interesting cooking ingredients and almost ready to eat Japanese convenience (just add hot water)  foods. I can't wait to visit again!!!So, believe it or not, Pennsylvania is an alcohol "control" state, with some of the more restrictive booze rules in the country. Coming cross-country from CA on vacay, I was surprised walking literally over 1mi to find a store like VIP that actually sells beer!  Who knew?  Apparently, Sundays you can't purchase alcohol in ANY store after 7pm.  And in the few stores that do sell, many keep the beer coolers behind the counters (VIP excepted).  Weird, 'cause you can still drink up to 2am in the bars, just not purchase it in a store?  Supposed to also be a limit of a 12pk o' beer (not sold in cases here guys), but  unsure how hard this rule is enforced?  Just glad that I was able to find VIP to get my suds on!  Learned later in my trip that Walnut St. seems to be the go-to area to score beer in the City Center Area, with a handful of neighborhood-style markets selling.  Just be prepared to walk a bit for it, depending on where your hotel's at.Good managing store a lot of different beers and the hot food is always fresh I go there almost everyday!This is a great lunch spot for those living or working in Center City! It's right by my office so I frequent the salad bar. I'm always pleased by the level of cleanliness. The flow of the ingredients doesn't make a ton of sense, but the variety is good. 
I've eaten at their hot bar less but everything looks pretty yummy. I can definitely vouch for the egg rolls. Not the best I've ever had but if you're craving they will definitely do the trick. A small salad container (pay per weight though) and an egg roll will run you around $6 which I think it pretty reasonable. 
The cashiers are always fairly nice and fast. They never give me grief for using a credit card when only spending a few bucks, which is lovely.Let me tell you what, VIP is -it- when it comes to mochi ice cream. Did I not run in hair rollers and a robe to Whole Foods last night in order to make it minutes before close to buy mochi ice cream? Did Whole Food -not- deliver? Yes, no mochi. 
Because I don't live within walking distance of Trader Joe's, there's literally nowhere for me to find mochi ice cream.  Whilst in Miami, I even paid $10 for a pack of 8 (or 10?) at the corporate eco-friendly-organic megaplex (Whole Foods). Obscene! 
Now that I've been drinking and feeling careless with my words, I'm willing to say that the mochi god (God) shines all his mighty light upon the venerable VIP Food & Produce. I have no idea what Very Important People have to do with Food & Produce, but this place is delivering way more than it promises. Perhaps VIP stands for Very Important Products...mochi ice cream sells for a mere $4. Go buy it, but if you see there's only one box left, I call dibs.Heckuv an egg sandwich + one star.
Chopped melon always fresh, be it watermelon, cantaloupe or honeydew + one star.
Owner lady never triggered my PTSD by screaming at hapless employee in Korean, unlike her counterpart at Jay's Deli + two stars.
Lime icepops sold individually + one star.I've seen workers eating directly out of the buffet tray at night.  I once bought raw chicken and it was spoiled.  F Rating on 5/31/2016 Food Inspection Report.  http://pa.healthinspections.us/_templates/551/RetailFood/_report_full.cfm?inspectionID=4C6E83F0-F447-D122-20A1F79A9178163C&domainID=551&userID=0I will never go back to this place, buyers beware of their cooked food, the last two times I went here their food was cold not warm cold, then the lady had the nerve to tell me that its cold because they cut the food warmers off. Not sanitary at all. Not only that but my real turn off was a kid that literally put something back after it being on his plate. Never will I be back to this place. If i could leave no starts they would get no starsI havent written a review yet? Thought I did. This place is amazing. Probably the best variety and selection of beers in downtown Philly. They used to have an awesome little buffet but y'all know how buffets got done this year, so now its just beers and a mini grocery store. You cannot beat their beer selection. Close to impossible. Super cool peeps, five solid star status.Great place to stop in and get some drinks to take to the various BYOB restaurants in Rittenhouse square or down Walnut street. They have a great variety of local beer and wine. They also have prepared foods, the guy there saw me looking at the sign for Kimchi French fries and quickly offered to make me some fresh but we were already going to Sahara Grill which is why we stopped to buy drinks, but great service and good prices.This at 1st look seems to just be a run of the meal convenient store/deli.  But when you go inside, you see that it is a big ass operation. I first went in on my last visit to Philly to get a Dr Pepper  since I was staying cross the street at the Holiday Inn.  I was shocked at the size.  They had a big "hot bar" of ethnic foods, a deli, a decent grocery selection and a HUGE craft beer selection.  The amount of single bottles was astounding for a place like this.  All of bottles were in the refrigerated area so they are ready to drink now although that's probably frowned upon on the premises.  
So on my latest trip to Philly, I was aware of this place so I picked up a pack of 6 local beers for my beer cap map.  It was nice to get 6 beers that I don't see in bottle back in my area.  The only issue is this place is a little pricey.  I spent 21.00 for a 6 pack of beer.  I know it's 6 different individuals but still a little much.  At least my map is a little fuller.Went into VIP Food & Produce for the first time the other night on a hunt for canned seltzer water. That was a dead end; however, I was pleasantly surprised by the enormous and varied stock of tea (boxes of bags) they keep! On my brief jaunt around the store, I noted that they also carry Pepperidge Farm bread, a good selection of Asian spices, and a large variety of Chobani.Cheap bastards. We bought a beer and when we opened the bottle, the glass around the rim shattered. We went in to return the $3 beer and they would absolutely not let us return it or even buy a different beer. Horrible customer service! Don't go there. Businesses like this one are run by scheisters!It's not often that there is an issue with a deli but I had one with this one. We currently travel to Philly about once a month and go here for take out beer and food. With the weather being too cold to eat outside, we have bought beer here every night of our stay. When we opened one of the beers last night, the top of the bottle cracked and glass fell in. I went back the following morning with the bottle and they wouldn't give store credit. Very short sighted- there are Walgreens, CVS and Wawa all in the same area and plenty of other choices for take out beer. I won't be returning.Continues to have terrific, homemade kimchi and a wide variety of frozen desserts/"ice creams" by the pint (noticed a bunch of Oat-Lys my last visit). Plus, VIP Market now takes Apple Pay!This is a very good market, and once again, this is one of those cases where I wish that Yelp allowed rating businesses in one-half star (i.e., 0.5 star) increments, because this place, in my estimation, really rates around 3.5 stars!
They have a good selection of groceries and staple items, but best of all, they have, a very extensive self-serve take-out buffet section consisting of both cold and hot foods, and, while there are a few American foods among the selections, most of the foods are Korean or Chinese. They offer a very good selection, and the foods are always very good.
Whenever I am staying in Philly, I frequently purchase take-out Asian foods from the buffet section of this shop, because the quality of all of their selections is uniformly very good, and, best of all, they do NOT use any MSG in preparing their foods. This latter fact is very important to me, because I happen to be among the many people in the world (including many Chinese) whose body, due to genetic inheritance, reacts to the ingestion of anything more than a trace of MSG with massive headaches. I very much appreciate that they do not use MSG in their buffet take-out foods!
I also want to mention that I always find all of the employees, staff and managment (most of them seem to be Korean) of this shop to be unfailingly, kind, helpful and polite!The owners and managers have no customer service, no heart, no kindness, and are rude. I have spent over $50 dollars here, brought my friends to buy beers and they spent over $50 bucks; the front desk people refused to let us use the restroom. The sign clearly says for customers and we are customers! They said for "hot food" customers only at the front desk and thats the owners policy. There is no hot food at that time of night! I literally begged them, then relieved myself outside by their door.
Well good policy none of us will be returning and I will use their front door often.Ps. Best kim chee in Philly--homemade and awesome!
Pps. Doesn't take Apple Pay as of today.