Came to Volo for the first time ever last weekend in order to take refuge from the house-hunting I had been doing. And i am glad I did! While certainly hipster in appearance and vibe, this place serves delicious coffee right on Main Street  in manayunk. 
The classic cappuccino I ordered and happily consumed was just what I needed to reset myself. The dessert/pastry options looked great so I asked the barista where they got them from. She actually wasn't sure which was sort of a bummer. As a future manayunk resident relocating from Baltimore (also known as smalltimore), I'm used to local small businesses teaming up with other local small businesses to offer complementary products. Since there were two bakeries across the street from Volo, I was hoping to hear they got their goods from one of them. Oh well, still some great coffee to be had there.Cute warm and friendly coffeehouse. Has a small, but decent selection of pastries in addition to some yummy coffee. You can choose to grab a table inside to get work done or outside to watch the passerbys. Staff was  sweet, and I must say it was my first time ever being served cream cheese in a mini domed bell jar. Nice touch!I have to laugh at the reviewer who gave Volo two stars. If you want an internet cafe go lounge for two hours while nursing a crappy burnt-tasting coffee at starbucks. Everyone familiar with Main Street knows how incredibly successful that went over for saxbys...it didn't and they are closed and thats no loss. And as far as the supposed "hard" biscotti, maybe you should look up the definition for that particular food. 
Anyway enough hating on the hater...
If you want amazing coffee and espresso drinks served by a very friendly and knowledgeable  staff this is the place.a lovely manayunk place for a soy latte. They served locally made fresh pastry as well.Great coffee. Lovely atmosphere. Really nice to get a light meal with friends or sit and read your book.I stop here Sunday's when I am in Manayunk. The La Colombe brand coffee is much better then the ubiquitous Starbucks. Volo is pleasant inside, with lots of natural light and a decent amount of seating. The coffee is great, and the servers are always pleasant also. The pastries and such kick the other places butts too and the prices are reasonable. Highly recommended.Amazing coffee and bakery options! Gets so crowded, which is good thing. Food comes out super quick and employees are helpful. The kind of coffee shop that would turn me into a "regular."I have been a regular here for many years, stopping in at least once weekly for a cappuccino and maybe a sandwich or something, which is usually all very good. However, I have some real problems with this place that just seem to be getting worse. First of all, this place needs a good scrub down and update. The floors are dusty and filthy and the tables and chairs look like clawed cats have lived on them for quite some time. Also, while most of the baristas are very friendly like the guy with the long hair and all of the girls, there's one guy with a mustache and a beanie who is consistently rude. The issue is that he is almost always there, so unfortunately I must avoid this coffee shop if I'm not in the mood to have a rude encounter. Also, there is no designated area to put your dirty dishes, so after you're done with your coffee and/or food you're left with the daunting task of deliberating over whether you should leave your dishes on the table, or place them on the same bar that other people are being served their coffee on, which I think is gross. But, the guy with the mustache gives me attitude if I leave my stuff on the table, so unless I want a nasty stink eye and a passive aggressive comment the next time I come in I am obligated to carry my dishes across the shop and place them beside someone's fresh coffee. Kinda makes me feel like a kid who got in trouble on the playground...not what I came for. Also, new employees should be trained before opening or after closing as opposed to serving customers sub-par coffee all day until they've got it right. I personally don't want to pay four dollars for coffee that's just okay. Otherwise, the sandwiches, bagels, salads, and yogurt were consistently quite good, but they often ran out of pastries or only had little brioches left or something a little old and stale that just wouldn't hit the spot. Ultimately, I don't think I'll be back. Good coffee and food doesn't cut it for me when the rest of my experience is too often simply not enjoyable.Excellent cold brew!  got mine with caramel and hazelnut. Absolutely delicious. The brew wasn't bitter at all. Simply amazing.The absolute nicest staff (even when they are busy with an endless stream of people coming through the door). I always stop by when I'm in the area and I've only had good experiences here.Cute coffee shop, I had the chai latte. It was well made and I would definitely return for another. They have a food menu here as well if you're looking for a snack with your coffee. It's decent size shop, and was fairly empty when I came by around 3pm on a weekday. You can park on the street or there's a lot down the street with $10 parking, which I would recommend if you plan on staying a while since Philly PPA is ruthless.I would say the lattes are great, but a bit pricey. I love the atmosphere and the interior of the place. Great brunch site with friends.A neat, little coffee shop. Careful during busy times because the searing is limited. I had a cold brew with a shot of hazelnut flavoring. Splashed with a little cream and liquid sweetener. It's kind of cool, since with to-go orders they put your drink on the counter, then on a small plate next to it, the lid and a spoon, so you can prep your drink.Fantastic Coffee (they add a shot of espresso to their iced coffee) + Free WiFi + Awesome Atmosphere = Best Coffee Shop in ManayunkThis coffee is so good and here's why: I got a large to-go cup for my walk along the Manayunk canal tow path. I accidentally dropped it and it rolled into some poison ivy. I retrieved it and risked the terrible impending rash in order to drink the two sips that remained in the cup. 
The pastries are delicious too.We were staying in Manayunk for a few days visiting family and friends, and found the downtown area the first morning after our arrival and LOVED everything about it. Especially the small town charm. 
We each got a cappuccino, I got an almond croissant, and my bf got the bagel w/ cream cheese. Cappuccino was very good, and the sweetness of the almond croissant balanced it very well. Ambiance was very chill and laid back. Would definitely come back here if we were in town again!Lovely spot to come enjoy a cup of delicious coffee! I have been here multiple times and the staff is always welcoming. The place is cute with indoor and outdoor tables. This is the perfect getaway for you to go study, read a book, enjoy the view or envy people walking their very adorable dogs and hope they let you pet them (that would be me). The coffee is really good. Also the food! They have good croissants if you come early enough during the day and the paninis are yummy and come with a bed of greens. It's the perfect hangout spot in Manayunk. The large windows allow for plenty of sunshine and natural light to come in. If anything I wish the place were bigger because sometimes it is hard to get a table but other than that, love that little cafe!I was looking for a place to meet a friend in Manayunk and turned to the Yelp app to help pick a coffee shop. I usually don't get coffee in Manayunk so wasn't really familiar with the offerings other than Starbucks. Knowing that I didn't want a big lunch, I still wanted to pick a spot with a decent menu in case my friend wanted to eat lunch. 
We both ended up sticking with coffee but I learned that Volo is a great coffee shop if you are looking for a place to hang out without a huge meal or adult beverages. 
I ordered a small ice coffee with a splash of French vanilla. The coffee was pretty good although I thought it was a little overpriced when compared to a Starbucks or DD. The time I got to spend catching up with my friend at one of their tables was priceless.I'll be honest, I went into Volo without expecting much.  Mugshots was my coffeehouse-smoothie place and since it closed I thought my only hope was the main street Starbucks!  Still, I needed a meeting location for a meet and greet. Since Starbucks was just too cliche, I took a chance with Volo.
Since they serve la colombe coffee, I am sure there coffee is more than acceptable.  However, it was a warm day and we decided to begin with a walk around main street, so we were looking for something more refreshing.  Again, I took a chance and decided on their ice tea.  I was pleasantly surprised.Sad that La Colombe is no longer? Don't be!
Volo is owned and run by the same friendly crew & still brews with LaC beans. Take your latte with soy milk? No problem, and no extra charge.  Stay & enjoy your capp served in a pretty cup & saucer (add a buttery almond croissant - they're worth every calorie).  
Tea drinkers rejoice, Volo stocks a wide variety of loose teas from Premium Steap & in the summer keeps at least one fresh pitcher of naturally flavored iced tea. 
This bright light filled space has an ever-changing collection of local artwork on display. There's also plenty of outdoor seating suitable for bringing Fido along.
Cash & charge, not an ideal space to squat for hours with a laptop (check out Saxby's across the street for free wifi).I love Volo, I just found it a few months ago.  This place is friendly, the coffee spot on, and their pastries very good. Its a great place to linger and catch up with a friend and make sure you get a seat facing the door so you can see all the interesting people come through.Sweet little place in a cute area. Great service and my iced mocha was delicious. High quality coffee.Had to meet someone here for a work meeting and was excited to try a new coffeehouse. Found street parking in front (it was a Tuesday morning) and was charmed by the high ceilings and light interior. Loved the decor. Ordered a large soy vanilla latte with an extra espresso shot (total of 4 shots), and a toasted multigrain bagel with butter. The latte was ok. Nothing special but perfectly fine. I love strong lattes, and It didn't taste like it had four shots of espresso, but it was ok. 
The bagel however, was just plain bad. Awful. Had zero flavor. The butter added some much-needed saltiness but it was possibly the most bland multigrain bagel I've had in a very long time. I wasn't going to complain to the staff about a measly bagel but I won't ever be ordering it again. Hard to know if their other food is prepared as blandly. Hopefully it's just the brand of bagel they use. Probably should have ordered a pastry instead. 
I rarely go to Manyunk so I'm not sure if and when I'd return here. It's always a great addition to a neighborhood to have a coffeehouse, so I'm glad it's there. But I wouldn't go here expecting a unique or masterful coffee or food experience.This is my favorite coffee shop in Manayunk.
I always get the almond croissant (if they don't sell out - these are pretty popular) and change up on the drinks...
Cortados, lattes, iced teas and hot chocolate are amongst my favorites. Trendy place to bring friends who visit or a must stop for those who are visiting the area.
Service has always been amazing and you're always greeted like a regular. Ciao!One of my favorite coffee houses in the Philadelphia area.  From the latte art, to the artisan pastries from Au Fournil, to the bagels, salads, and juices, everything is delicious and comes with great, friendly service. 
The only downside is that it can be hard to find a seat sometimes, and parking can be tricky, but I think that is true of any place in Manayunk. That being said, I liked the place so much, that I found a way to go there several days a week on the way to work when I lived in the neighborhood.  
Don't dare go to Starbucks when this gem is down the street!Nothing compares to Volo! I've been coming here for years and years and the service and quality products have only gotten better.  My day isn't the same if I dont stop by for a cup of La Colombe Coffee from Volo!The coffee was good and the pastries too but maaaan the place was very noisy !! the person who organize the cups and plates smacks them together over and over making horrible noises. Almost got a headache and couldn't wait to leave (I was having a meeting for work so I couldn't just get up and leave!) I had to set for 2 hours!! It was uncomfortable experience.My favorite, little foggy cafe!  The people who work here are friendly and there is also a friendly vibe among the customers. When it gets crowded, strangers share tables and it's no big deal. Laptop-friendly, but also conversation-friendly. Free wifi. Lots of regulars and familiar faces here, people getting together to talk about things going on the neighborhood. Bikers come often, as they can park their bikes unlocked, and keep an eye on them from the large windows. It's also along the bike route along the Schyulkill River. My favorite is the unsweetened hot chocolate. Their sandwiches and salads are also delicious. The best place in Manayunk!My "go to" coffee shop in Manayunk serving Philly's own La Colombe coffee. Baristas and staff are always friendly. Excellent pastries and lite eats.Absolutely the best coffee in the area. 
The staff is always friendly, attentive, quick but not rushed. 
The panini is fresh, delicious and comes with a simple side salad. A turkey panini and cappucino is an all time favorite lunch of mine.Perhaps I'm crazy, but whenever I review a coffee shop I have only one simple criteria when it comes to product, one simple test I run: give me a cup of black coffee. When all you have is a simple cup, without milk, sugar, foams and flavor extracts there is no room to hide anything. All that will matter is where the beans are from, what the roaster did to them, and whether the water was high quality and at the proper temperature. Nothing else. I cannot tell you how many times I've gone into a trendy coffee shop and walked away disappointed because the product is lackluster.
Volo surpasses that test, and does it in spades. Their house blend is a bit lighter than I usually like ( I typically am a fan of dark, DARK roasts) but they managed to get a very nice amount of flavor, with low astringency and I'm convinced that I need to try their espresso. (which is my secondary test) While they are not particularly my wheelhouse, the last time I visited my companion had a green tea latte which was artfully prepared, and considered tasty.
The décor it great as well, as the large windows in the front give the location plenty of light and the high ceilings prevent you from feeling claustrophobic. The art scattered around gave plenty to provide some excitement to the walls and the staff was relatively friendly. Overall, I say they're worth a trip.5 I 5 the first time I was if I ws just the same thing, and then you havet a  lotc 7xuj7j4 TX ax more  twonderingo to have the best . I'll try again tomorrow morning and then yuwonderingAbsolutely adore this place! Always good coffee, as well as the few pastries I've tried so far! Never a long wait even if the line seems super long- they're just that good! Love the atmosphere and amount of seating as well! Happy to have your coffee over Starbucks any day!Delicious coffee, some of the bestowed cups I've had! I always get a hot coffee with hazelnut, it for sure makes all the difference. They brew La Colombe and they do a fantastic job of it. A+A coffee shop is nothing without excellent product, genuine people and palatable passion.
Volo has hit the trifecta effortlessly.
For well north of a decade, I have counted Volo among my favorite coffee shops in the world. It has been part of my daily ritual when I am in town and something I pine away for when I am not.
It is the standard by which I measure every other coffee shop I visit internationally.
I think the greatest compliment I can pay Volo is that when I do a road trip out of Philadelphia, which I do often, I set my departure time based not on when I wake, which is often before 5 AM, but rather on Volo's opening.
The road is that much more satisfying with Volo's coffee in hand.I love Volo! I started drinking coffee when I lived over in Italy and I've found most other coffee house drinks to be too sweet. Volo is a true coffee bar where you can either sit at a table by the window and sip on lattes all day or just take a quick shot of espresso at the bar on your way to work. I love starting my mornings with a latte and chocolate croissant; however now for summer time I am addicted to their freshly squeezed orange juice!! And the staff is awesome too. They work great as a team especially during those early morning rushes! Keep it up guys! We love you!I've been going here for years, back when it was a La Columbe til today, and they never disappoint. The coffee is good, made fresh and properly, and the staff is usually friendly and capable. The atmosphere is nice too. You'll see young and old, singles, families, and everything in between. Free wifi too!Best. Soy. Latte. I've. Ever. Had.
'nough said.This is for sure one of my favorite coffee shops in the city. Volo serves up consistent quality, and great bites too. My favorite is probably the apricot or apple tarts. My go-to drink here is cafe au lait, which I sometimes get with hazelnut syrup if I want a little bit of an extra punch. The folks who work here are very nice, helpful, and know how to make a mean cup of coffee. I keep forgetting to ask them what kind of veggie cream cheese they use because it is delicious. If you have some time, get your coffee and pastry "for here" and enjoy the hustle and bustle of the shop, or when it is nice out, enjoy people watching on Main Street. Volo's got a slightly European vibe and a rustic ambiance that is hard to find in the city, considering the vast number of new school coffee houses popping up. If you are in the neighbourhood this is definitely worth a stop!I went to Volo Coffeehouse for the first time yesterday, after doing a search for places with good coffee where you can get work done. Volo popped right up. Free wi-fi (worked perfectly for 4 hours), the coffee is AMAZING (drank 2 lattes while there), had a prosciutto sandwich that took me right back to when I was living in Rome, and the staff was quick and friendly.
If you're looking for a regular coffee place in Manayunk, this is it.Best coffee on Main St!  And you can have it on a real cup ! love the service too.  the pastries are amazing, but I don;t work out enough to eat the all the time LOL : )This coffeehouse is a gem! Delicious coffee (I'm quite a fan of the cold brew), wonderful atmosphere, good prices, and the staff are always so friendly. The food is fabulous too! I always make sure I stop by when I'm in Manayunk.Popped in here for a coffee and got the mocha. It was not too sweet and they definitely used real chocolate. I sat by the window and people watched on Main Street. It was the perfect afternoon. I'd love to come back here to try some of their sandwiches.Coffee was alright but was expecting a more personalized experience than you would find at the bigger chains like Starbucks.
I asked for a description of the coffee they had on tap and the barista could not answer that with any description of the coffee.  She at least offered a sample.Beautiful coffee bar. Starbucks is across the street and this place is always bumpin.How do I love thee?  Is it for your freshly made pastries delivered multiple times a day from the bakery across the street?  Your divine lattes with the cute little foam hearts?  Or the pleasant bohemian atmosphere?  But seriously I eat breakfast here almost every Saturday and it is absolutely my favorite way to start the weekend.  My favorites are the cinnamon buns and the cheese danish, but I've never had anything less than divine.Excellent coffee, friendly service, nice atmosphere. What more could you want from a coffee shop?Just moved to the area and needed some strong espresso! We stopped in here midday and it was packed but not overcrowded. We managed to find a small table after ordering Lattes and Paninis for lunch. We opted to take them home but enjoyed our drinks while our sandwiches were being prepared. It was pretty loud inside but a lot of people with headphones were studying/working. 
They do have wifi but we were unable to connect for some reason. 
Cute little place with delicious food and drinks. We'll be back and I'm sure this will be a coveted study spot for me.Volo is a really cute coffee shop. The line is usually long, but it's worth the wait. They serve almond, coconut and soy milk which is a nice alternative to cow's milk for lattes. There is ample seating inside and outside.Really cute place, not very large and not the most expansive menu. We took advantage of the outdoor seating. My friend and I both enjoyed paninis. My sandwich and drink were $11. Can't beat that. I love cozy coffehouses like this. Definitely returning.This is the most lovely charming little coffee house had amazing service. My drink was heavenlyThere's nothing like coming out of a tough workout and bee-lining to Volo for an iced coffee on a Saturday morning. Their coffee is exceptional, their staff are so friendly, and their egg sandwich? YUM!Spacious, friendly baristas, plenty of tables.
Almond milk au lait was delicious.
However, seats next to the window in the middle of winter are very cold. I don't see any outlets around me, so not the most ideal place to study on a cold day (try Starbucks across the street).
Cool decor and vibe - would be a nice place to meet a friend for a conversation.Came here with a friend to do some work and chat the other day and we were really happy with our experience. The coffee was delish (La Colombe always is) and the service was great too. I really like that they only charge 50 cents for coffee refills! The sandwiches looked amazing...can't wait to try them next time I go in!Great Manayunk neighborhood coffee shop. Good ambiance and coffee. What else can I say? Yelp wants a longer review but really, just a nice coffee shop.A favorite Philadelphia coffee shop; I recommend the cortado. Their pastries are also very good. I recommend Volo for both quick coffee to go or a relaxing latte with time to visit friends or read the paper.  
Weekends are busy so just don't expect quiet - it will be bustling.My girlfriend and I frequent this place often, nearly 3 times a week sometimes multiple times a day. The staff is always friendly and very accommodating. They use the highest quality beans (la colombe) and tea leaves (premium steap). Their paninis are also amazing ( as is the egg sandwich). I also enjoy the outside seating. It does get crowded, and parking in Manayunk can be a huge pain, but the quality is well worth the hassle.Super cute cafe! This place is always hustling & bustling, I finally went in a couple weeks ago and can't wait to go back.
It's very nicely set up, the prices are reasonable, and the staff is extremely friendly - I got an ice coffee, and in an effort to switch things up I asked for it with caramel. The barista was so pleasant, and when he gave it to me he even warned that it was going to be really sweet and that he could remake it if I wanted him to! And he was right, it was so sweet, I'd definitely recommend- I just may not get the caramel iced coffee next time.Quaint little coffeehouse in Manayunk. Parking is terrible on Main Street, so if you can find parking on side roads, that's a plus. The selections are the best and they charge for everything. bagel+cream cheese + lox came out to be around $12 and if you want capers or tomatoes, it's extra fee.If you love a nice cup of bold coffee and friendly, personal service this is the place to go on Main Street. It's a gorgeous little shop with a nice big window facing Main.Great place to start the day. 
My favorite local coffee place, would never even consider Starbucks when this is in reach.Ever in Manayunk and want the full experience? Wander here, mid Main Street, and enjoy not only the scenery, but the beautiful building, coffee, food and either indoor or outdoor seating. There's always Starbucks, but Volo is special, and great quality at the same time. Nothing like a Saturday or Sunday morning with hot or cold brew...an incredible pastry...or salad for lunch...and the view of Main Street, colors and light. Must see and visit.I appreciated their use of local la colombe coffee. Parking is an issue and pricey, so unless you live within walking distance or want to spend some time in the area, it's not an in/out spot. The outdoor seating is nice as well. The coffee, atmosphere, vibe are all ok but based on reviews and experiences from other coffeehouses, was expecting more.I enjoy little neighborhood coffee shops, and this place fits the bill just fine. It's a nice stop during a Main Street stroll and a convenient place to meet up with friends (if you can convince them to come all the way up to Manayunk). The coffee is done well and the pastries I've had have been a real pleasure. The only drawback is that since there's nowhere else in the Main Street area filling this niche the limited seating can fill up quickly -- and that it's not quite a walkable distance from my house!Coffee and egg sandwich! Delicious! A little pricey, but worth it. Great for in and out no - chain option. We waited. Little for sandwiches but not bad. Not kid friendly at all!Don't go to Starbucks go here!!!!!! Great prices, really delicious sandwiches and very friendly staff. I have lived in this area for a long time and have seen lots of businesses come and go. They have been here for a little while and hope they never go!!!Cute little coffee joint right off main st. Makes for a perfect addition to your Sunday afternoon. Plenty of shops nearby to stroll around with after getting your coffee. they also serve sandwiches and small breakfast pastries. I think the sandwiches are a little on the pricier side of things but they are very fresh so I'll take it. I got a caprese wth the option of prosciutto which I've never tried before. Personally I would go without the saltiness since it really takes away from what makes a caprese a caprese - it's fresh taste! 
Love their espresso - will definitely be back again!Food was delicious - absolutely no issues with the food. Great sized portions and fresh ingredients. I got the salmon salad - which was so filling and came with 2 slices of thick homemade bread. I was totally full from just that salad, and it was really reasonably priced! Usually when I order anything with smoked salmon, places skimp out on it, but not Volvo- that salad was packed. As in most of my brunch experiences, if the food is great - the coffee usually isn't. Could have been a flop, but the coffee was a little burnt tasting.Went here while on a food tour. The only option was cappucino, which I am not a fan of. I did like the seating outside and the inside seemed nicely set up. Would try something else from there next time.Volo has some of the best coffee and espresso in Philly, hands down. Every time I get a soy latte I wonder how any other soy latte can exist in the world. How do the expresso beans that become a Starbucks latte not commit suicide knowing that they are so drastically inferior to Volo's lattes? It's a wonder other coffee shops stay in business. 
It's not a run-in, run-out kinda joint. It's a European-style sit-and-stay that you realize you've been at for hours. And after that, you order more pastries and coffee. I've never had a sandwich here but the bagels were great. And how cute is it that they serve cream cheese on the side in a tiny glass bowl with a lid? So cute is the answer. I love their style and I will happily patronize them over Starbucks any day.  
Free unlimited WiFi!I LOVE going to Volo. The atmosphere is great, with the music, smells, and friendly employees. I always get a latte and a capresse. I like that they offer healthy food, and great drinks. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that it is a little pricey but that's expected because its Manayunk.Great place. Nice space to hang out and eat or do work, which I take advantage of every time I'm there. I've ordered a bunch of their food (paninis, bagels, etc) and it's ALL good.Almond croissants to blow your mind.
Honestly, I didn't love my mocha.  However, the croissant made up for it so much that it didn't much matter.  Flaky on the outside, somehow moist inside (with no filling), almond slices and powdered sugar on top, this was a glorious piece of pastry.  In other news, the sandwiches also looked good but I wasn't hungry enough to try them.  Lines are pretty silly here.  Also pretty sure this croissant was $4 but still totally worth it.  I think these almond croissants will cancel out all of my future bike rides :( 
Astonishing almond aliments!  Cheers.Nice and quiet.  First thing I notice was on a Monday morning at 10am so many people were walking their dogs and enjoying the day. Coffee shop was small but nice. You can sit in or outside. Parking is along the street and paying the meter is a must. They l [k old but they're watched. Come an enjoy the old time feel.  Will stay longer when back in Philly.Great coffee, pretty quick service. Love just sitting g here and enjoying some berries and yogurt. They definitely offer more by way of food compared to other I dependent coffee shops.  Service can be a bit attitudy- they clearly pick and choose who they like.I only had the iced coffee, but it was absolutely delicious and prepared fast. I also love that Volo is bicycle friendly - you will see lots of local riders here on the weekends after their rides. Top notch!Delicious lattes  beautifully crafted detail. Enjoyed every sip of this beauty. Highly recommend!If you are in the area, this is honestly the only place worth going to grab coffee. I have been here numerous times for different things: meeting an old relative to catch up, hanging out and studying for hours, or stopping in while on a bike ride in the Wissahickon. The lattes are on point (also delicious iced), and they have a good selection of food and pastries if you need a snack. The people are pleasant and the ambiance doesn't get old, even when you're there all day. It's definitely a gem in the hit-or-miss area of Manayunk.Absolutely wonderful coffee shop. I spend hours here getting school work done. It's comfortable, very bright and clean. The coffee is great. My latte was okay, but the food makes up for it. I normally get a grilled cheese, which is made with a sage truffle butter and fontina cheese on sourdough bread. It is unbelievable. Sandwiches come with a good size side salad that is very fresh with a great balsamic vinaigrette. The baked goods are out of this world. They have an almond raspberry pastry, and I've never tasted anything like it. Not sure I can live without it anymore. They're almost croissant is also perfection.My favorite coffee place in Manayunk, hands down. I've been going here for about 4+ years. 
I never have to wait long for coffee, which is a major highlight. They quality is also very high. I don't find this at the chain coffee places. So it amazes me how reasonable the prices are here.