RACIST PEOPLE!!
The owners and workers are racist towards other Pakistanis Indians. They serve food to Americans who visit as opposed to ethnic people. They are also extremely rude to other Pakistanis/Indians/Bengalis and treat them like inferior individuals. I wish I could give them negative stars since they are so terrible!
If you would like great Pakistani food, there is a restaurant down maybe 4-5 blocks called Kabobeesh. Try them, they are great!!!Hate to give it one star, but there's just no way around it.
I do not contest the fact that you can get amazing food here. So amazing that it may be the best you've ever had. But on the other hand, the ridiculous inconsistency here and the underhanded corner-cutting management that actually *prides* itself on passing off old food as new earn this place the worst rating possible. I hate to say it, but the place is run in a very non-American style. Take that to mean what you will, in short, it's a two-bit operation with good recipes, but wildly variable quality and a very loose, uncaring handle on how to deal with the social norms of the clientele in a place like Philly. 
It's Pakistani/Indian food which is definitely made great when it's done right, but how often that happens is anyone's bet. Half the time more than 50% of the menu is unavailable. They sort of ride out from week to week whatever they can afford or whatever will keep their costs down. Sadly I don't see this place lasting. One time I had great chicken here, another time, I could tell they had eagerly given me an old portion of haleem. 
Your best bet on coming here is after they've had a lot of customers, that's the only way you know you're getting fresh food. If you walk in and the place looks empty, seriously, just pass this place by, you'll be doing yourself a huge favor.The chicken chargha is probably the best chicken I have ever had. A must try! The veggie rice and the eggplant appetizer were delicious too.Not much to add here--  the fried chicken was fantastic, the rest of the food was so-so, and the service was S-L-O-W.  But with chicken this good, I'm not going to complain.I read the average reviews and was hesitant to go, but tried it anyhow. Been back a couple of times and have to say food is good. Their platters and chicken kabab rolls are good. The butter chicken was also good. Def agree with the other reviews that service is kinda incompetent. Soda but no straws, ask waiter for 2 things you may get one etc. They need to work on that. I have also been there on a weekday afternoon and there was one guy working in the place so i can see why some orders would take forever. 
All in all, go on a busy night, when they make stuff fresh, its good food. I think its better than Kabobeesh down the block.Great food and everytime I've benn there service has been decent. It's not a four start restaurant afterall so don't expect that, but still good. The food is amazing so what more can you ask for? Parking is hit or miss, so there are always 2-3 places we think of getting food close by, so that we are bound to get lucky with parking SOMEWHERE!When Philadelphia Inquirer food critic Craig LeBan published his review of this Pakistani establishment in West Philadelphia and awarded it two bells, I had to see what this place was all about.  
Wah-Gi-Wah apparently means "spectacular" and that is how I would describe its chagra -- fried chicken.  I would not use the adjective to describe the locale itself -- it was attempting an industrial look with exposed brick.  While it was not a hole-in-the-wall, I understood why many people just ordered for take-out.  As I waited to place my order, I eyed the already prepared food that was behind the glass case: it looked like the food had been sitting there since the day before.  I even heard the ding of a microwave which made me steer clear of ordering anything from behind the glass case.  
I placed my order and was informed that it would take 15 minutes.  So, since I didnt want the pervasive aroma of oil that permeated the interior leeching onto my clothes, I took a walk around this part of town to explore its other culinary offerings.  I returned 20 minutes later, and my order was not complete... which was surprising since there werent any other patrons in the restaurant at the time.  
Okay, lets go back to the chicken.  LeBan raved about the fried chicken, and Ill agree with him.  I ordered the chagra combo special which included half of a whole fried chicken, a large piece of naan, and a minty, slightly creamy dipping sauce.  Instead of being breaded, a mixture of spices (not terribly corrosive to the palette) was rubbed in before the entire bird was thrown into the fryer.  The product: tender chicken filled with an explosion of flavors.  
Would I go back?  Sure... only if I found myself in that neighborhood again, though.  Im glad I was able to try fried chicken, prepared in an unfamiliar way.Pure hype from the stand point of fried chicken - let's be honest, it's not fried - it's roasted, and it's not even all that good. The prices are decent, and the crew is fairly friendly. But most of the hype comes from foodie hipsters and that hack Craig Laban.Everything here is delicious! My personal favorite is the keema and samosa chaat. This restaurant is good for both take out and eating in.Recommended by a friend; this casual restaurant has some of the best tasting Pakistani food ever.
We tried: 
- Lahori Chargha
- Tawa Chicken
- Nihari
- Kheer
Everything was absolutely delicious. One thing was better than the last and the Kheer was phenomenal. Definitely coming back here for more food.It is a decent Pakistani food place as long as you don't expect a fine dining experience. Not sure why so many negative reviews about it but perhaps there is a strong relation between price range and customer's expectation. From my experience, food is good and among the dishes we tried Kabab, lamb rib, biriyani, lassi was all OK but absolutely loved the naan and chicken chargah. I found it a great value and may be that is the reason I was not as disappointed as others. 
In comparison, I found the prices of curries exorbitant. It is not a fine dining restaurant and at that price range no wonder people are going to expect better service, presentation and ambience. Having said that, from my personal experience as a South Asian origin, at most South Asian eateries curries are somewhat pricey and not worth having specially at this price range. If you are from SA origin then you are probably better off cooking it at home. 
In conclusion, will I go back? Yes! Only to try the chicken chargah again.Best Pakistani Food in Philly! I love this place! Try the Pakistani style fried chicken, veggie samosas and sesame naan! 
The whole staff and owners are very sweet as well!I got there towards the end of the day and a likely Pakistani family was wrapping up a meal. When eating ethnic foods (something I try and do as much as the wallet will let me) it is always a good sign if a place has that ethnic group as a clientele.
I placed a to go order, the wife got a chicken curry with naan and I got a combination platter and added an order of naan on the side.  We also both got rice pudding.
It took a little bit of time but they were friendly even though I was the last customer.  I asked for a to go menu but they don't have one, and directed me to their website.
When I got it home and unpacked the wife didn't get chicken curry, but some other kind of curry dish - probably goat, with bones in it.  The wife still found it tasty though next time she gets a curry from there she will get rice instead of naan to soak up all of the extra curry sauce.
The naan was thicker than most. I wish they served garlic naan which is way better than the plain variety, and it could have been more buttery.
My entree was pretty good with a lot of basmati rice as the bed alongside a sausage-like kebab and some stray pieces of chicken.  I would have preferred more chicken and less rice but it was late. It was still filling.
The rice pudding was fantastic, just the right consistency and flavor. Honestly it would be worth it just to drop by and pick that up.
We would eat there again in spite of some of the problems, especially since some of them may have been due to the lateness of our order.The fried chicken was delicious, but the wait was horrendous.  I called ahead (by 40 minutes) and still we did not get our chicken until 30 minutes AFTER we ordered (and yes, we were the only ones in the restaurant).This is by far the best Pakistani/Indian restaurant I have been to in Philadelphia. The food has been consistently delicious and well prepared. If you're craving a piece of home, then this is the place to go to. The chicken tikka and chapli kababs are choice, and might even be better than what I've had in Pakistan. 
If you're in town and looking for some delicious and flavorful food, this is the place to be.Goat was awesome. Naan was some of the best I've had. If you want to give a restaurant 2 stars for "slow" service get a life. 3 stars is way too low and not representative of this food. This isn't gourmet fancy place to eat, it's just a normal place to eat, adjust your expectations.I've been here many times, mostly for take-out but a couple times to sit down and eat. Never had a problem with takeout. However, this is not a place for a great place for dining. Their customer service is kind of sloppy BUT the food is amazing! The Lahori charga is a must have. Probably the best item on their menu. The meat is full of spice and flavor and is tender and moist. The haleem is also amazing.  It's spicy, even for my standards, so be prepared! The naans are fluffy, buttered and perfect when eaten fresh. I would also recommend trying their seekh kabobs (beef or chicken), fried fish and nihari, which are also equally tasty. They also make the best mint chutney, it tastes good over almost everything. Go here for the food!Was really impressed by this place.  The food took forever to arrive and staff was overwhelmed by...three tables.  It was kinda comical.  But the owner was so damn nice I forgot about the long wait.  Customers were an ethnic hodgepodge which is one of the things I dig most about dining in West Philly.
I read a previous review about the Lahori Chargha and the person raved about it.  Yeah, it totally came as advertised.  Fried but not greasy.  Massive amounts of flavor.  Moist.  And the samosas were totally fresh which is something you can't say for a lot of restaurants.
Since my visit I learned a secret in the Sept 29 City Paper...they'll happily make your chicken extra spicy.  Yay!  Large and flavorful portions + not too expensive = good value + return visit.If there was one word to describe eating here, it would be uncomfortable. Don't get me wrong, the food's great, but the service was so bad my friend and I considered skipping out on the check just to avoid another painfully awkward interaction with the waitstaff. It was honestly some of the worst service I'd ever seen; no one knew what they were doing. It would have been funny if it wasn't so creepy.
When we got in, we tried to figure out whether we should wait for a table, go sit down, or order from the counter. We chose to sit down. My friend flagged down the waiter. I ordered samosas, a side of palak paneer, and naan - just enough for one person - and then the waiter walked off. My friend was sitting there, openmouthed, waiting for the waiter to come back. He did, to drop off the samosas, and then ran away. We finally flagged down another waiter, but his English was terrible - my friend said "I want to order" and he asked her if she wanted a bottle of water. It took another 5 minutes for him to comprehend that she wanted a veggie platter and I wanted to know if I should get my soda out of the case or wait for someone to bring it to me.
The food was amazing; I think the Yelp reviews and Craig LaBan have made that very clear. But the experience was greatly diminished by the fact that the servers couldn't stop staring at me and my friend. Strangely, we had a really hard time getting their attention when we actually needed them, since it took 10 minutes just to get to-go boxes and the servers would barely talk to us or look at us.
Come for the samosas, stay for the horrible service (and objectification, if you're female).
Also, they had the entire place shut down by 11:15 and it's supposed to be open until midnight. We left around 11:20 and saw 4 people who were turned away because they'd already cleared out the steam trays. If you're going to do that, close at 11.
Edit: My friend reminded me that there was a huge puddle of water (as in 2-3 feet wide and half an inch deep) near the entrance from a leaking pipe. In retrospect, we should have left right then.Good tasty Pakistani resturant, known for Chicken Churga. Food is fresh and delicious. Kabobbs are also good. Service is fast but Chixken Churga taks about 30mins, so try to call early if you want to try churga.If you come here, I'd definitely recommend the Lahori Chargha. It's a whole fried chicken, marinated with Pakistani spices. It comes with a side of sauce and salad. If ordered with a side of naan, it could easily feed three grown human beings. The naan we had was fresh - fluffier than at Kabobeesh, but I think the naan at both places is equally good. 
There were few customers when we came in. Both table and booth style seating options are available. The booths are wooden, so it is slightly more comfortable to sit at the tables with regular chairs. This isn't really a place to expect outstanding service, and the actual level of service I got met that expectation. They did, however, bring out the food quickly, and the workers seemed friendly. You just order food and pay at the counter. 
For some menu items that take longer to make, I'd recommend calling in your order ahead of time. We called about 20 mins ahead for the Lahori Chargha, and it was ready just as we sat down. I'd really like to come back and try the Lahori Raan Roast. As some other reviewers point out, I agree that you're better off ordering Pakistani food here than Indian food.Their chagha chicken and keema naan are the best only problem is they take forever..Slow service!I just now had the Kabob & Tikka  Platter which was a tasty chicken kabob and also large tikka chicken from off a skewer -- so it was like getting 2 meat entrees for 11.99 - and included in that price is a huge serving of fluffy Basmati Rice and also a portion of salad.
It was spicy enough that I had to take off my hat half way through the meal.  Nice and hot!
They had a nice chutney sauce on the side.  Everything very tangy!Excellent Restaurant! I lived in Philadelphia for 4 years and recently stumbled upon this restaurant. By far the best chargha in town. This is real authentic Pakistani cuisine! Don't underestimate this review bc the retaurant is amazing. We had the nihari, nan, chargha, and lamb chops amazing!Decent desi food. WORST. SERVICE. EVER!  Slower than slow!  We waited over an hour for our chai.Had my lunch here , was a wonder full experience , food came out a bit slow but it was worth waiting ,was really tasty we were totally full other wise would have ordered more .  Service good and food tooo , specially the chargaWah-Gi-Wah is amazing! The food I had was delicious!  We ordered the allo palak, allo keema, Lahori Chargha (chicken), naan and keema naan.  Reading other negative reviews it sounds like people made the mistake of ordering stereotypical Indian food here (opposed to the Pakistani dishes).  The Pakistani food was so good! The chicken was fried whole and was very moist and flavorful on the inside.  But my personal favorite was the the allo keema.  They use ground goat for the keema and it is fantastic! I cannot wait to go back and eat their again.  
Oh yea! Also, I hear they can prepare a whole leg of goat dish made to order (Lahori Style Raan Roast).  Just give them a few hours notice and they can make it.  I need to try that one day!The food here was good but the service wasnt. THe guy seemed not to happy that we were there to eat like he was annoyed. Didnt really explain the food just wanted us to order and not ask questions.  Will I be returning anytime soon? Doubt it.
Probably be my first and last time I go here.We had chole, naan and keema (beef) naan. All of them were amazingly tasty and fresh. The beef keema naan was so neat!! Also the kheer is a must for those who have a sweet tooth and worth a try who don't.Came here with the fiance and mother in law tonight.  Fiance said this place was good. Given the fact that she is from Canada, I shoulda known this place would be terrible. Service is horrible. Not rude, just incompetent.  Food is very very average, if even that good. Lamb chops were very undercooked (pink inside), channey were not good and flavorful at all. Chicken kabobs were okay, not very flavorful. Same for the seek kabobs. Honestly, the best thing was the rice! Will never come back here again. I normally give Halal Paki places a benefit of the doubt, but this place is just weak.Their food is amazing.  Its authenticity cannot be overstated.  It's not only the best South Asian restaurant in Philadelphia, it's the best South Asian restaurant in the North East.I will never go back to wah-gi-wah again! 
I was there yesterday..& their service was really bad. They don't know how to handle big group of people. 
* I have noticed  in every other restaurant i've ever been to, they will always 'atleast' ask "if we would like to get start with a drink?" & at wah-gi-wah we literally had to ask in middle of my meal can get some water. Even later they didn't  refill it until we asked. like seriously??? 
* Food has no taste what so ever..no salt, or masala!  & they will try to act if smart when asked for masala on side. 
Ohh BTW they need to hire more server.Worst food experience ever, if there were 0 stars I would give it 0. Takes a log time to get your food, they make you wait and then tell you food is not available.  I don't understand why people go to this place.Decent Pakistani food. Portions are probably generous.
Aloo Tikki - 
Katakat - 
Tandoor Roti -The food is very good and the place is very clean, which is sooooo hard to find when your looking for ethnic food . The bad side, Half of the menu is not available and sometimes they are unprofessional, (like you order something and you drive 30 min to go pick it up and they say, oh sorry, we ran out) then why the fu*k did you take my order ?? As I said, the food is very good so if you are in the area give them a chance but don't expect a wonderful dining experience, just get your order to go !It pains me to say this because I am typicaly a positive yelper, but I have to write this one, so here goes. I got food poisoning from this place. I know this b/c I didn't eat anything for a full 13 hours before I ate their food. Before eating my chicken tikka, I ate about half the rice, then took a break so the spice wouldn't bother me. I didn't going down, but it sure did coming back up 5 hours later.
Sorry Wah Gi Wah but food poisoning doesn't even warrant you the star I am giving.Love three dishes. Samosa chat appetizer and chicken charga and nahari are to die for !!!I live just a block away, so I really really want to like this place. But they are the worst! Although I *have* had a tasty dish or two here (and frankly the Lahori chicken chargha was dry and overcooked the one time I had it), they are not consistent, and the service is the slowest and rudest I have ever encountered. 
Knowing the service was bad, I ordered take-out the other night, but even THAT didn't protect me. I ordered the lamb korma curry with rice (you have to request rice to go with your curry, which is weird....), naan, and a vegetable samosa. That, plus a soda, was $19. !!! Then I get home to discover, the lamb curry was neither lamb nor curry - it was a few joints and bones with a scrap or two of goat meat clinging to them, in an oily broth. I kept trying to convince myself it was lamb, but the two kinds of meat taste distinctly different, and this was definitely goat - and not much of it. The naan was disappointing, not fresh at all - did not even seem homemade. The saffron rice was lovely, if a bit oily, and the samosa was acceptable. But how is that worth $19? 
I hate making a fuss or complaining, but a friend of mine in the restaurant business convinced me to call them. So I did. I very nicely told them I was disappointed in my order, that I had asked for lamb and gotten goat. The man who answered the phone first tried to argue that lamb and goat are the same thing - the same animal! When I disagreed, he said they ARE the same in Muslim cultures. I don't believe that to be true, but told him that even if that was the case, the words denote different animals in English. It went on. He gave up that line of argument after I started getting slightly annoyed and saying we could look it up in the dictionary.
Then he asked how I KNEW it was goat instead of lamb. !!! I said "So, before you said they're the same in Muslim cultures, and now you're questioning whether or not I can tell the difference? I have eaten both! They taste different. And this was all bones, like a goat curry."
I regrettably had to get angry to get taken seriously. I even said - "I'm not asking for anything! I am just expressing my disappointment that I ordered one thing and got another. I can bring the bones back to show you if you don't believe me." And THEN, and only then - after it had gotten unpleasant, did he say he would talk to the manager. At her advice, he offered to return my money or credit it to my next order. At that point, I was so mad (but still very polite), I said I didn't even want it, but thank you. 
Don't waste your time or money here.I go there for only these dishes, Charga, Chiken Biryani, Goat/Chicken Korma and the freshly made Naans. I asked the owner and he reassured me that many of his dishes are made fresh.
I go there a couple times a month to pig out and its definitely worth the price and wait.The food is really good, fresh each time. Always had a really good experience. The price is slightly higher but it is worth going.love their lamb chop, it's the best lamb i've ever had in philly.I drive 3 hours from Danville PA for their food. Recommended it to multiple friends too and was never disappointed. Best chargha, Naan with sesame seeds, kheer, gulab Jamun, gajar halwa and above all, best karahi, both chicken and goat. Absolutely live their food. Totally worth the 3 hour drive from my house.Awsome food here...i tried goat biriyani that was so mouthwatering.love the food nd their hospitality...i was there on ifter time nd they serve people ifter for free....i was so happy for that..nd so thankful to them....highly recommended for everyone whoever like the pakistani halal food.....Excellent, clean restaurant. Freshly made food. Spice, aroma and flavor. The best Pakistani food. Not boring for your mouth.I had been here a few times in the past and was not very impressed. While the owners were nice, the menu was pretty much useless. Every time I tried to order something (on the phone or in person) they would tell me that they only had whatever was in their steam trays, and couldn't make anything to order. Then why bother even having a menu? In addition, the food in the steam trays never looked fresh or appetizing, since they had been sitting around for hours and tasted as such. Sure, it was pretty cheap, but it wasn't particularly good. 
However, after reading LaBan's glowing review, we decided to give Wah-gi-wah another chance and tried the charga fried chicken. He was right: it was pretty amazing. The naan wasn't bad either. We also ordered some eggplant dish from one of the steam trays, and were kind of disappointed at the size of the tiny container that had cost us $5. The eggplant itself was just okay; I wouldn't order it again. 
My advice? Stay away from the pre-made food and just get the charga. This deliciously-seasoned deep-fried whole chicken is definitely worth the $12.This is definitely a hole in the wall and both times i've went, my group was the only non-middle easterner there and there is always seating (never more than 2-3 tables occupied).  It seems like most people order over the phone and just pick up.  It's definitely a do it yourself place, so here are my tips:
Walk in, go to the register and pick up a menu.  I highly recommend ordering off the menu since that's all i've done and it's awesome.  Order your food, get your drink and have a seat.  it takes a while for the food to come out since everything is fresh, but it's totally worth it.  
I've been there twice and had the palak paneer, the chicken tikka, and the lamb.  I really liked them all. I like their naan a lot too, its' a bit thicker than most but definitely fresh and tasty.
The crown jewel of this place is the Chargha, which is a fried chicken with the most amazing spices ever known to man.  it's a little spicy but just amazing.  you definitely have to get it when you go and is worth coming back for.I was going to give them the benefit of the doubt and leave my review at three stars, but after this past visit, I'd have to give this place a solid one star. To start out, I understand that the winter is pretty unforgiving right now and heating bills can add up, but for a restaurant with very large dine-in space, it seems like something is off when customers are shivering while eating their food, all bundled up in their puffy winter coats, all while sitting INSIDE the restaurant. I don't really need an extremely comfortable dining experience, but I did not pay for an uncomfortable one. 
This time, we ordered Aloo Keema and a chicken and chickpea curry dish. 
The Aloo Keema was not only cold, but was also overly salty and had the texture and dullness of leftovers. This dish falls solidly in the "zombified" category. It is clear that the life had been sucked out of this dish over and over through vigorous stirring and numerous trips between the fridge and the microwave. I now see what Rizwan A. meant by "corner-cutting" in his review of this place. 
The chicken chickpea curry dish was hot when it came out, but this was probably because it was drenched in piping hot chili oil. There was a serious lack of flavor in the chicken, the chickpeas, as well as the sauce. I might come back again, but only for the sake of convenience. There are places within blocks that serve better and fresher versions of this food. 
P.S. Thanks to Babak S. for posting photos of the food menu. I tried to find the menu on their website, but soon realized that their entire website is filled with ads (e.g. French Food Menu, Applebees Restaurant Menu?!...) and no actual food menu (that I could see as of today). If you click on these ads, they get something like $0.45 per click. The abundance and pervasiveness of ads suggests that whoever designed this website might be hoping that consumers might accidentally click on these ad links while searching for the food menu on this restaurant's website.It's a nice place. The sesame naans are delicious and the only reason I keep on going to this place. The service was bad. They take forever to bring the food out to you - whether you are eat in or take out. The kabobs and the food is good - but not even close to great.Amazing food everytime I've come here! The beef chapli kebab and lahori chargha are to die for!! Its always freshly made and never disappoints :DGood food but pathetic service. The servers are rude and do not listen to the customers.I'm not sure why this particular restaurant is categorized as Indian food by YELP since it's Pakistani, which food I came to love as I got to know the esteemed Kamal Faruki of blessed memory (while I was a grad student at UVA and, along w/my fellow religious dept student pal, used to regularly show up at the Faruki home, coincidentally, at dinner time for long conversations about philosophy, etc.). Happily, this former head of his county's Supreme Court was a guest prof and his family were all skilled culinary artists. When I am at Wah-Gi-Wah, I recognize the quality and am amused at the sometimes familiar moments of confusion (as reflected in some of the reviews and anyone w/out Pakistani friends). Don't go for the "organization"; just go for the best food ever. The next time my godson Zak Faruki's in town, this is here I'll take him to feed him great food and great stories of his famous grandfather.Best indian restaurant in Philly? Nope.
We ordered about 5 plates of food.
Chicken Biryani, lahori chargha, goat korma, nihari curry, chicken kadhai.
All of them were mediocre at best. Chicken kadhai was probably the only thing that tasted good. The lahori chargha is over hyped. Most of the food isnt even flavorful. I can make a better nihari curry at home then they can.
Nonetheless, i am giving them a 2 star for the variety of food the offer and the service takes forever.Traveled from Gaithersburg, Maryland to Philly for dinner. Wah-Gi-Wah made it worth the trip! Melt in the mouth cholle, delicious samosa, amazingly tasty and cheap Biryani, what more could one ask for! Definitely worth checking this place out if you are in the area. I would have been a regular had I lived closer! Best part was this place is EXTREMELY cost-effective (about 10-15$ per head for a group) and we left with no space in our tummies for even a morsel of more food!
The only complaints I had was we waited too long for our order to come. Also, they gave us our chai in paper cups, which seemed a little weird when we were going to be eating in the restaurant itself.I really hope no one at Federal Donuts sees this, but Wah-Gi-Wah is the best chicken in the city, hands down.  It is the only thing that can motivate me enough to make the trek to West Philly.  I'm never not slightly in the mood for the Lahori Chicken.I have eaten in the restaurant once and more recently ordered catering from Wah-Gi-Wah. When I went to the restaurant with a friend, I loved the whole chicken platter--the fried chicken was extremely tender and nicely portioned. Service was pretty fast as well. 
A few months later, I was running a dinner event for 24 people that included a seminar component about West Philadelphia and decided to order catering from Wah-Gi-Wah. Although I'm not sure that they have an official catering menu (I couldn't find it online), I called the restaurant to see if it was possible. The restaurant was extremely easy to work with and accommodated my needs. I ordered chicken platters, ground beef and ground chicken kabobs, and two different platters of mixed vegetables, and the meal came with bread, salad, and yogurt sauce. I told them I needed enough food for 24 people, some of whom would be vegetarian or Kosher, and they worked with me to order the right amount of food for a reasonable catering cost. They delivered the food to my location per my request and allowed me to pay once I received the delivery. Everyone at the event loved the food and were stuffed to contentment, and we were even left with some leftovers. Although the chicken was a bit messy to eat during a talk, the kabobs were easy to eat, juicy, and well-seasoned--quite spicy actually! The kick from the kabobs went very well with the refreshing yogurt sauce, and the combination was actually quite addictive. 
Overall, affordable prices, delicious chicken and kabobs, and easy to work with for catering orders. Definitely check this place out!Worst customer service ever. Owner and the sever both are rude. They would never say sorry to you or be polite. It feels like I am eating for free there. Doesn't matter how the food is but I would never go there againWah-Gi-Wah is a Pakistani restaurant in West Philly, a few blocks outside University City. Tipped off by a  Facebook review in a community forum, my friend and I decided to come find out what "food better than my Pakistani mother's" tastes like.
We shared the half chargha (fried chicken), allo palak (spinach and potatoes), and takatak fish (grilled fish with herbs and spices). Juicy and full of flavor, the chargha alone was good enough to warrant a repeat visit. The spinach and potatoes in the allo palak were smooth and flavorful. Our least favorite, the takatak fish was salty and oily. We think the sauce would taste better with a heartier protein like lamb.
Despite what other Yelpers reported, our servers were attentive and friendly. We had a huge pitcher of water all to ourselves. Including tax and tip, we spent $16 per person - well worth it for a delicious dinner!Go there for the FOOD not the service.  This isn't a classy sit down place, it is a very traditional Pakistani restaurant and the food is simply great.  Their 'chicken churgha' is probably the best item on the menu and the 'beef boti' has to be up there as well.  The naan is fresh and you can just tell by the quality of it.  I don't care too much for service so I don't treat it like a classy sit down joint.  Again, amazing food, def. check it out.I went here with 3 coworkers that are from Pakistan.  I got to say this place is really good.  The food was great and exotic.  Previously I had tries a Pakistani place and the food was very similar to Indian.  This place was definitely not that.
We had curry goat, some spiced fry chicken, a chicken pea dish, beef kabob and some bread.
The curry goat, chicken and bread were the best.  I'll definitely have to go back and try some of their other dishes.
I do agree with some of the reviewers that the service is a bit slow, but it is on par with the slow service I keep getting around Philly.  The food was worth it though.Worst customer service ever. I have come here at least 3 times and every time it's a battle with the owner and the servers
Someone please open up another Pakistani restaurantThe food is decent but nowhere near amazing. Have been here twice now and definitely had a better experience the second time around though I've experienced better South Asian food elsewhere.It's worth driving from NJ to this restaurant. Every time we been here never been disappointed. The food is always fresh and excellent. We come here at twice a month. I highly recommend.Horrible place...ordered Lahori Charga and they tell us we have to wait 30 minutes for it...two parties came after us and they got their charga before us and within 15 mins...would never go to this horrible place again. Tons of other Pakistani restaurants where you can have an enjoyable experience with great food.Terrible service and terrible food. The only thing good about this place is its unusual not traditional tandoori roti. Other than that its a low grade Indian food and doesn't deserve to be called so. Also I ordered kabobs(alright and samosas(terrible) and brains which was sub par. The service was terrible as I asked for water 3 times and he ignored me. 
Never coming back again!update.  it went down a star because apparently i was lucky the first couple times i went. If you go during afternoon, they normally can make everything, but when you go at night, sometimes they state they dont have the ingredients to make what you want.  the wait is long, but worth it for the most part, but not having ingredients to make palak paneer the third time i went (went at night) is sad.So, let's start off by saying, I went here based on two recs from people I know.
It was a Wednesday night, 6:30, and the place was empty. So I figured the food wouldn't be so fresh. 
We ordered naan, chicken tikka, chicken tandoori, beef Sikh kabob, and chicken biryani. 
The biryani was definitely reheated. It might have Ben decent if it was fresh. 
The chicken tandoori was also reheated, and honestly, it was horrible. It tasted super old. 
The Sikh kabob were dry. 
The naan was a little too crunchy, not soft enough. 
Lastly, the tikkas were good. 
All in all, this place was below average. 
Honestly, Kabobeesh is much much better.Had lamb chops,  Biryani and chicken tikka roll. They were not so good but not bad either. Overall an average experience. Mango lassi was good.Nehin bhai Nehin
I think this place is over-rated. I have not had the Charga that everyone else seems to love but my first experience was less than average.Went to wah G wah for the first time, heard lots about it.. had chargha and a chicken curry meal. Chargha was ok, but chicken was terrible, there were 3 small pieces of chicken for 7.99 I believe.. and half of the container was just oil. Sad to say I was disappointed..Service was so poor and they demand 15% gratuity. When we were  running for water,plates and Napkins. If you are in city you should maintain that level that people give you more than you expect.If you're looking for a hole-in-the-wall, cheap place to eat decent Pakistani food, this place is it.  The freshly cooked food, which includes the Lahori roasted chicken and naan, are great.  In fact, its hard to get good naan in Philly and this place has the best naan you'll find in the area.  
However, much of the food isn't freshly prepared but is sitting under a hot lamp and is simply put on your plate when you order.  I think this place would be better if all the food was fresh.We came here because a friend said Pakistani fried chicken was the new Korean fried chicken and I follow trends like a lemming. Problem is, I realllly like Korean fried chicken. Putting that aside, this chicken makes you want to come back for more. It seems like its rubbed with some sort of tandoori rub, stuffed with a lemon.... and then what? Deep fried? No clue, but what results is crazy tender.
We got the whole chicken platter (enough food for two for lunch, maybe for dinner I would order something additional). The naan was good and the salad that came with sucked but cut the salt at least. And the service is, well, not ideal. But your classic hole in the wall with some bomb chicken!The service is bad and really slow . The food isn't great almost everything other than the naan was cold . The chicken platter we ordered had more rice and hardly 4 pieces of chicken !! Why call it a platter then . The naan and the mango lassi was the only decent things about this place .This place is horrible for a few reasons. First of all their food isn't so tasty and they charge you different prices from the menu. The kabab needed better seasoning and the samosas were off. The Naan was decent at best. The waiter seemed like he was disinterested with my family and I. Also the service was quite spotty. Now the main reason we came here was because this place served halal food and seemed okay. I do not recommend this restaurant to anyone honestly.Apparently this place must be hit or miss. I've heard from some people that they're food is good but the one and only time I went everything except the naan was terrible. Food was not fresh and already precooked. They seem to just microwave dishes and bring it out to you. Prices were also very high considering the quality and amount of food you get. I will not be going back. Parking is also an issue. I had high hopes but I would not recommend this restaurant. Very disappointed.This place has fantastic Pakistani/Indian fare at really good prices.  You can get things here that you couldn't even think of getting at any other place in Philly.  I have been here a few times and have had almost everything on the menu.  As someone who has spent a considerable amount of time in South Asia, I have been really satisfied with everything I've eaten here.  Be a little patient with the service, and you will be rewarded with some spectacular food.
If you're a fan of chicken, get the half-chicken chargha roast.The service is very slow and dysfunctional at times and the guy in the front counter needs a crash course on customer service and attitude adjustment.The food is tasty especially the Chickpeas Stew (Lahori Chholay), Chicken Chargha ( a form of fried and then broiled chicken from Pakistan) and the Nihari (a spicy sort of pot roast stew which uses the same cut of meat). Also the roast goat or lamb leg which is a special order is worth trying. Key is to always call ahead so one can get the food served on time.Our favorite Pakistani restaurant in the Philly area despite their attitude and poor knowledge of how to deal with a customerI so want to give this place a higher rating, but the service is going to be their downfall.  Was there at 5:30 on a Friday afternoon, one table (parents with small child) arrived just before we did.  I watched at least four other parties, who arrived after I did, receive their food before my party (one of them even received 2/3 of what we ordered!!), and the family finally walked out after an hour - after telling manager "Saw six people get their food, where is ours??"  Manager came by table to ask what we had ordered.  If they would put a simple system in place (names or a unique number on each order) everything would be fine.  When it was time to pay, it took 10 minutes standing at cash register for them to acknowledge me.
Food - Allo Tikki (mashed potatoes mixed with spices, formed into patty and fried) was OK, Sabzi (mixed vegetables) was OK, Sesame Naan was very good, Lahori Chargha (seasoned crispy fried chicken) was very good.
May go back once they get their act together, but the horrendous service outweighs the good food.I like this place. The food is always really tasty. I've been several times and it has gotten better each time. As Ali Z. wrote, the naan is excellent, especially the keema naan stuffed with meat. 
I think the key to eating at this restaurant is not to have anything already picked out on their menu. A lot of what is available is not on the menu and that stuff is usually pretty awesome. What I usually do is go in and ask the guy what all the dishes are (they are in trays behind the counter), and I choose from what they have. I had perhaps the most amazing yellow dal I've ever eaten a couple of weeks ago. The mixed veg and aloo gobi I had this past weekend were truly outstanding.
Update: Dinner tonight (3/19) included beef haleem - bulgar and beef pounded into a paste, cooked with spices and topped with a ghee-based gravy. AMAZING.
Update: Dinner on 12/13 included two specials - keema (spicy, minced beef) with potatoes and an AWESOME duck curry (duck on the bone so that all the goodness just seeps into the sauce...). Even thought hey now have waiter service, go up to the counter and check out the specials!if you look through my reviews,  very rarely do i give out less than 5 stars. I'll start this out by pointing out the food, the food was great. SO  don't let 1 star dissuade you from eating here because the food was great. the service was worse than crap. it's so very rare that we find a good Pakistani restaurant so when we ordered for our group of 6, we ordered initially only 3 dishes and naan. Having been pleasantly surprised with the food, we ordered more dishes of nihari, more dishes of kababs, and more naan. Albeit we ordered extra individual dishes/naan maybe 3 times max,  the service provided by the two individuals there -whether they be workers or owners - were the two nastiest unapproachable people ever.  one short haired lady who nastily commented that I order all my naan at once -to save her time and work, idk-, after our second order of extra naans, and the guy that took our order sneakily separated our mixed kebab order into 2 separate chicken and beef platter charges on our check.  I pointed it out to no avail, and we paid the added charges.   the customer service here is shit. we're from Orlando,  just visiting. My parents noticed the terrible attitude of the staff as soon as walked in. Take my advice, if you're a local in need of satisfying a desi craving, get take out,  or better yet go to kabobeesh, the people AND the food there are accommodating and outstanding.