Never been disappointed here, great brunch and dinner. Huevos Rancheros, and spicy Bloody Mary are great. Calamari is decent, honey chipotle wings amazing, crab cake sandwich among others are all good choices! Only wish they had a few more craft beer selections. Oh and of course the fresh baked breads are top notch :) One of the best spots in manayunk for sure.This is a great casual dining restaurant.
If you want to be wowed and amazed then another restaurant my be for you, but if you want a sold casual dining restaurant then Winnie's is the place. The service is always great, and I like their food.  The menu doesn't change that much, but I have liked everything I have had on it.Just finished a horrible meal that started out great.  There were three of us and only one meal was edible.  The turkey burger looked like a meatloaf and while I like meatloaf not what I ordered.  When I questioned what was brought to me I was simply told it was made in-house.  Maybe something like "We used dark meat turkey to make our turkey burgers" would've helped.  But who knows maybe it was meatloaf.  No explanation either on the menu to say our turkey burgers look like hamburgers.  Secondly the hamburger ordered came out rare and not medium as asked.  Never really asked how is everything.  The Colorado chicken sandwich came out okay.  After the server started out attentive she then disappeared. The place was not busy so no excuse there.  When finished never asked how it was, if we wanted anything boxed up, the answer would've been no obviously.   All she wanted was payment on her IPad.  Really, really disappointing meal and service.  Expected better.Cane here for lunch and really enjoyed the food. I tried the lobster Mac and cheese and it was great. The waiter did an awesome job at making suggestions (he suggested the Mac and cheese) and I never had to wait for him to refill my drink. The place was nice and quiet with quality food, I'll definitely be visiting again.Somebody else already said it: you're not going to be impressed with this place. I'll just list some words that describe it below.
1) Mundane
2) Bad service
3) Lame menu
The food just isn't good. I recommend avoiding this place. You'll be disappointed; or at best full, but not pleased.Some friends recently took us here for breakfast during our visit to Philly.  It was really lovely!  We were seated at a shady table on the sidewalk outside where our friends could sit with their dog.  The cafe staff even brought out a bowl of water for her--very thoughtful.  
Service was fast and friendly, and the food was tasty.  I had an omelet, which came with roasted potatoes and fruit on the side, and a mimosa.  The omelet was cooked just to my taste.  The mimosa was crisp and refreshing.  This was a great place to spend a relaxing weekend morning.Le Bus was always considered "fancy" when I lived in Manayunk in my 20s. The food was so good, but the prices were a little too high for our working girl budgets. My husband and I met our sister in law and brother in law there yesterday with two babies and two strollers in tow. We were seated outside, which was amazing and the food was just as good as I remembered. Actually, I think it was better! I had the brown nut salad and my husband had the turkey club. He is a turkey club junkie and loved this one. My salad was SO GOOD. Hummus, feta, quinoa, walnuts, olives and pita adorned my plate. I also loved the bread basket they started us with. Everyone at the table was very happy with their meals. I just loved that we could sit outside with strollers. Our (almost) four month old son was perfectly behaved. I think he loved the vibe of Le Bus, too, and could tell his parents were enjoying themselves.This is just the best place for breakfast in manayunk. If you get there when it opens (8 AM) there is no wait. Everything I've tried has been absolutely delicious. I do think they are pricey but for the quality and good service I don't really mind.Great little place. Awesome sandwiches, a good drink selection, and some seriously-excellent fries. They're also dog-friendly and were happy to get my pup a bowl of water after our long day outside.this place was great! the food was yummy! the prices were fair. and yeah, the bread is top o the line. speaking of line - ull wait an hr for brunch. worth it.Food was not bad, however, would not return. With the new Philadelphia soda tax which is 1.5 cents per ounce Winnie's is now charging five dollars for a fountain soda. The previous price was $2.50 and based off of a a 16 ounce glass, the price would increase an additional .24 cents. Doubling the price of a drink and calling it a "tax" is disgraceful. Winnie's is taking advantage of this "tax" and price gouging their customers. It is slimy to take advantage of your customers. Will be reporting this to local news stations as I am sure they will be looking for stories on this newly imposed sugary drink tax.Great service, the cuban was not really a cuban, the beer was nice. Nice people - I would go to again.Always fresh and tasty, but a little pricey. Plus it always shocks me that for some things, like the cheddar burger, they actually serve kettle chips instead of fries when charging around $14. That said, I am rarely disappointed when I go. The Colorado Chicken Salad and the Huevos Rancheros are my favorites.The bartender Tara M( that's what it said on the receipt) was very rude. I think there was one other person at the bar and she took so long to come over to us. She was sitting on her phone completely ignoring us, didn't refill our water once or even ask how the food was. She was ignoring us to the point that it seemed she was deliberately being rude to me and my friend. The other bartender, talk brunette fellow ended doing her job for us and coming over to us because he could see we were finished. Wish we could've left him a tip instead. Poor service but food was good.We had a very good Sunday brunch and the wait was short. We look forward to coming again.The food was okay! Just what I needed and wanted from a brunch style place, an omelet, and a mimosa. But the poor waiter was the only guy running the whole place and they were pretty busy. He was great but they should def have more staff for a lunch rushMy boyfriend and I have been coming here for quite some time. We always liked the food but the service has always been poor. We had a gift card, so we came back today- but I seriously doubt we will be coming back again. My order wasn't right and we spent close to two hours in the restaurant just waiting around for our orders to be taken; our server hardly came to our table and I had an empty glass of water the whole time. It's a shame because besides the horrendous service the food it good.Stopped in on a whim and was pleasantly surprised!  The food was amazing! Lobster Mac n Cheese was very good!  Creamy and full of lobster meat. We both got salads. They were equally exceptional and full of flavor.  Everything on the menu looked delicious and I look forward to returning to try other things!  The pineapple upside down cake was to die for! Our server was very nice and attentive and did not rush us at all. Can't wait to go back!
UPDATED:
Last night 9/8/17 we went to Winnie's and were so excited to dine there. Walked in to an almost empty place on a Friday night. We were seated and our server came over to greet us and had to apologize because she had no voice...she was barely able to get out one sentence without a struggle. She explained that she was "getting over a bad cold" I'm sorry, but how she looked and sounded she was most definitely still in the midst of a severe cold!  She walked away and we sat there contemplating staying or leaving. We left. It's astonishing that a restaurant would allow such a sick employee with a VIRAL INFECTION to handle food, plates, etc. We were extremely disappointed and will think twice on returning.FYI... Before you read this please understand, this was my first and only experience with Winnie's. One of the offerings on the menu is a Salman burger, which is topped with a spicy pickled ginger and cucumber, wasabi cream, scallions, and sriracha. The topping were a good combination and left a fresh zesty feel in my mouth. The burger itself was more problematic, the Salman had a overly fishy taste, as if the ground Salman had just expired. In fact, another member of my party ordered the same meal and expressed the same concern.  Like I said, this was my first time at Winnie's so I don't have any experience with the rest of the menu but I probably won't return.The wife wanted sushi so I picked a place in Manayunk because we had a Restaurant.com gift certificate.  When the place was closed, we decided to wander Main Street and eat at a place that was open and looked okay.
Oddly enough on weekday afternoons a lot of places are closed down for lunch entirely or between lunch and dinner so our choices were more limited than one might expect.  We finally decided on Winnie's because it was open.
We ate outside since the weather was nice and we were hidden under a canopy that shielded us from the sun.  The friendly server was there immediately and we ordered drinks - a cider for her and a beer for me.  It took over 10 minutes to get two beverages that came from the tap which seemed to set the mood for the visit, although the server also brought some bread which was tasty enough.
We ordered our meals - she went for the nachos and added chicken and I ordered the Turkey Club.  Given how long the beverages took, I ran to feed the meter to ensure we wouldn't go over.  I got back to the restaurant just in time to see the server delivering the food.
The nachos were already a little cold, which meant the cheese had already congealed into a mass by the time the wife started eating them.  She was unable to finish it.  She said the taste was merely okay and it wasn't very flavorful.
My sandwich had a strange taste to it - I felt it was from the cheese which seemed a lot more bright than cheddar would normally be.  The homemade chips it came with were not as fresh as would have been preferred, but they were decent.
Overall we received meh food and meh service and the price for essentially one appetizer, one sandwich and two beers came to $50 with a tip.  All I was thinking as I paid it was, man, we could have got two steaks for only a little bit more, or hit one of the Italian eateries on Main Street and stuff our faces for about the same.
Meh food, meh service, meh value?  Yeah, I don't think we'll be back.Ruined my dinner! Ordered a turkey burger for pick up as I've had it a few times while eating in the restaurant and it's always been good. This time, the burger was almost burned to a char. I almost broke a tooth biting into it! I threw the burger away and will not be returning to Winnie's! They charge too much for a turkey burger ($14.50) for it to be cooked like that and served to a customer.Overall the restaurant was a big disappointment. The last time I was here is when it was just LeBus and it was excellent, but it has gone downhill since then. There was real problems with the kitchen, it took over 45 minutes for our main courses to be served and it wasn't busy. The waiter was also inexperienced as a person in our party ordered a salad and it was brought out with her main meal.
If you were a vegetarian, your meal was top notch. My wife's brown rice nut salad and my friends crisp pear salad were great. Another in our party had the special lobster ravioli which was also ok.
Unfortunately the meatatarians in our group had Moms meatloaf which was a disaster. Described as "prime black angus ground beef, mashed potatoes, fresh vegetables & homemade mushroom gravy" the result was over cooked and dry beef, mediocre potatoes and canned mushrooms. My friends meatloaf meal was the same. The manager approached us near the end of our meals and asked how they were, but I did not make a fuss as the rest of my party's meals were ok and I was not in a confrontational mood. 
The only reason this restaurant didn't get one star was due to their nacho appetizer my friend had. This was one of the best I have ever tasted as they make the chips in house and the cheese was great. So if you come here, go for the nachos and veggie dishes, Your cravings for meat would best satisfied elsewhere.Came for restaurant week which is maybe why I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would. I've heard great things about the bread baskets but ours only came with 2 slices of white bread & 2 slices of cornbread. Nothing spectacular. 
First course started with either soup or salad... I had the salad and was under-impressed. It was just lettuce with one cherry tomato & one cucumber. The second course was a choice of 4 items: tilapia, meatloaf, pasta & something else I can't remember. I opted for the meatloaf that came with mashed potatoes & broccoli. It was a huge helping with two thick slices of meatloaf with a yummy mushroom & gravy sauce on top. No complaints about the meatloaf but I would have liked more gravy on both the meatloaf & mashed potatoes, personal preference. The one piece of broccoli was so big that I couldn't cut it with my butter knife.. awkward. The third course was a strawberry shortcake. 
It wasn't the worst meal I've ever had in my life but I was definitely expecting more based on some of the reviews. With all of the other options on Main St I most likely won't be back.A terrific place to go and grab a bite to eat. It is hands down the "go to" restaurant on Main St.   A perfect place to grab brunch after a long night out or a great place to hit up dinner before doing so!My daughter and I went for Sunday brunch which, and not to stray from this review but I probably will, should be all about tasting. Restaurants that don't offer a buffet are simply selling breakfast. A brunch buffet is not to encourage the opportunity to stuff ones self but to be able to sample a variety of delictible bites. One reason I just love the emerging "tasting" or chef's menus.
I've wanted to say that for so long. So with it finally out of my system, I can move on!
The wait staff is amazing. I hope the powers that be appreciate them! I have to say, the main reason Winnie's is getting 4 stars is the Bloody Mary which was just wonderful. In fact, the second most wonderful in my lifetime and, believe me, I am not exaggerating! I love Bloody Marys. It's my favorite Sunday morning drink, other than coffee, and they have it nailed. The only thing I would add is a rim of Old Bay but still amazing.
We both ordered the Eggs Benedict. I asked for mine with the twist of a crab cake. Mistake. It was frozen and tasting like it had been frozen for some time prior to being on my plate. I should have known. On a brighter note, the Hollandaise was delightful. Perfectly balanced with just the right amount of lemon.
But let me talk about the side of sausage. Tasty, smokey, porky, spicy and wonderful. Order it if you go. 
Enjoy!After cycling on the Tow Path, we ate dinner al fresco at Winnie's Manayunk. Delicious food, both small plates and entrees. Great choice of drinks. Lovely atmosphere and Jack the waiter was excellent and attentive.I've only been here for brunch but it is one of my go-to places to eat on a weekend. I've had several of their brunch meals but always with a side of sausage. I don't normally order a side of sausage but it is that good. Recently I had their 9-grain pancakes with bananas. I was pleasantly surprised when I received the pancakes and the bananas were cooked into the pancake - score! Everything I've ever gotten there is fresh and tasty. I really enjoy the bread basket that includes cornbread, rye, and some other yummy slices and jelly. Depending on who is paying I would advise getting a mimosa. I word it that way because I think they are too expensive but very tasty. 
Overall I love this place. I can always expect fresh and tasty food. I also can always expect a wait (on the weekends for brunch). I've found that if you arrive at 10:45 or earlier you don't have too long of a wait. One thing I don't like about this place is when you wait for your table you are constantly in the way of the servers and you are squished into a small space with everyone else.With this great location and clientele i wish this restaurant would do more with its menu.  The food is standard fare.  The location is the draw. The fun warm interior of the establishment far outshadow the mediocre preparation of what seems like a thoughtful menu.Awesome food and service! Came during a busy Saturday and the staff still made sure to keep up with refills (and provided free bread)! Will definitely come back. A lot of great options on the menu.I've been to Winnie's several times before for a quick, unexpected dinner out with the kids when we were out later than planned, and on those visits, it was fine.  Nothing special, but competent, and it was exactly what we wanted at those moments.
I'm writing this review because of the bizarre brunch my family had there today.  First off, I should say that the place was completely slammed, so all criticisms should be taken in that light.  We waited about 25 minutes to be seated, and it's not a very big place.
The problems were really isolated to the kitchen.  We ordered:  Mac-n-Cheese for the boy, pancakes for the girl, a veggie burger for mom, and an omelet from the specials menu for me.   Nothing special.  It took over 40 minutes for the kids' food to arrive, and both were served tepid-to-cold.  I actually watched the mac-n-cheese being microwaved from my chair in the dining room, so I'm not sure how that could possibly have taken that long and yet still have been cold on arrival.  My wife and I waited another 10 minutes before we were served.  To be fair, my wife's veggie burger was fine, but my omelet had to be the weirdest looking thing I've ever been served in a restaurant, and I'm not exaggerating.
The "egg-portion" of the omelet was completely separate from the "stuffing", but what was truly odd was that this egg blanket showed no sign at all of ever having been in a pan.  The surface was perfectly smooth, dry, and pale yellow.  Picture a lemon, rimless frisbee.   It was as if it had been precooked in some non-pan method (can you bake-off hundreds of omelet "shells" in advance?) and then just assembled when needed, kind of like a fast food egg biscuit.   But the oddity didn't stop with the impossibly cooked eggs.  The omelet was supposed to be a "smoked tomato rabe omelet".  So, I'm thinking, "AWESOME!"  What was inside the egg-shell-wrapper-thing were 3 massive chunks of tomato that had maybe been briefly charred on a burner and a scant few tablespoons of  sad, graying broccoli rabe bits.  It was as if they had tried to sweep their most disappointing vegetables under the rug; the rug being this horrifying egg thing on my plate.
Thumbs down, Winnie; all two of them.Winnie's has amazing brunch and bloody mary's. The eggs Benedict is AMAZING. I've been here three times since moving to  Manayunk a month ago and have always good experiences. The bread they serve with every meal is always fresh and delicious.Winnie's Le Bus, you are A-OK in my book.  But I wish you would allow people who aren't ordering meals to partake in the outdoor seating when the restaurant is EMPTY...on an unbearably hot summer afternoon, I (stupidly) rode my bike from Conshohocken to Manayunk.  When I arrived in Yunk, all I wanted was to sit outside with my bike while I enjoyed a cold beer.  But nope, not at Winnie's!  
I have been back since that fateful summer day when I did NOT get my cold beer - on my next visit I sat inside and enjoyed a yummy fall cocktail (something with coffee and pumpkin liqueur in it) and some calamari with my cousin while he was visiting me on the east coast.  We sat right in a window seat, perfect for people watching.  I've never eaten a full meal here... the calamari was tasty but forgettable - nothing made it stand out more or less than any other I've ever had.  I like the location, and if I'm ever back in the Yunk, maybe I'd try brunch here.  Or maybe just more season-themed cocktails...One of the best burgers (Cheddar Burger) I've ever had. Came out to the table hot and fresh. A little pricey ($14 for burger and kettle chips) but I guess that's the city prices. Service was fast and nice atmosphere.Best brunch place in manayunk for sure! Love their eggs Benedict. I also love their varieties of mimosas. Nothing more I could ask for from a hungover brunch14 years ago I was the orange-juice squeezer and all the servers would come by and stick a glass under the tap of the squeezer machine and wait for about a minute while it slowly filled up because it was that good. Don't tell Winnie or she will ream me the fuck out. I used to take home gallons of it at the end of the shift on Sunday. I've spent most of the rest of my life trying to find orange juice this good.
Don't get me started on the deep-fried sausage.I found myself at Winnie's again last week, against my better judgment. We were hungry, it was late - our expectations were low. Still, Winnie's disappointed. The service was still slow, but it wasn't pleasant. She wasn't even civil. It was restaurant week, and we ordered off the regular menu - big mistake. It was as if they hadn't expected anyone to do that, so our food was (quite literally) thrown together on plates with substitutions we didn't request. Want nachos as they're described? Nope. You'll get guacamole, wilted lettuce and a scoop of salsa. Don't ask the waitress about it - she'll tell you that's all it comes with, until you ask to see a menu and point out the mistake. 
The burger I got is advertised as coming with cheddar cheese - instead 3 slices of American topped it. A big difference? No, but a heads up 'hey we ran out' would've been fine. 3 slices of plasticky American ? No thanks. 
It took an hour and a half for 2 people to have dinner with one appetizer, a burger and a salad with no more than 10 other tables at 8pm on a weeknight. The service was surly, the food was wrong. When Winnie's gets it right, it can be awesome. Unfortunately, that's just a distant memory.I've only been to Manayunk twice but both times I made sure I went to Le Bus. The first time we happened to stumble upon it on a random week night. It was pretty empty but we thought we'd try it anyways. I'm not exactly sure why we liked that place but we did.
So when we visited the town for a second time we went back for drinks  after grabbing dinner at some other restaurant. The place was empty again but we sat at the rounded bar just like we did the year prior. The bartender was really nice, even after we gave him a hard time about serving Pepsi over Coke. (I'm a Coke loyalist.) In the end we had a couple of drinks and he also gave us free samples of the sangria (I suggest the red wine one even though I'm normally a white wine sangria fan. They were both really good though). We left as the restaurant was closing and as we were about to step out of the restaurant they gave us a free bag of bagels. 
Just nice people. If I ever come back to Manayunk I'll have to make sure to have a meal so my review isn't solely based off of alcohol and service, although those are both very important.Update!  Most of my previous comments still stand - but they have made some improvements.
If you're in a hurry for lunch check out the togo section.  You'll save money & time perusing the fridge in the bakery nook where you can buy pre-made salads, wraps, & soups.  Crave-worthy brown rice nut salads are only $7.50 (vs $11 sit-down) - you miss out on some extra whole wheat pita but the good stuff (brown rice, almonds, walnuts, raisins, carrots, celery, peppers, tahini dressing, & hummus) is all there.   
Special thanks to the speedy gal who checked me out today - what a refreshing change of pace!Stopped in on a whim and was pleasantly surprised!  The food was amazing! Lobster Mac n Cheese was very good!  Creamy and full of lobster meat. We both got salads. They were equally exceptional and full of flavor.  Everything on the menu looked delicious and I look forward to returning to try other things!  The pineapple upside down cake was to die for! Our server was very nice and attentive and did not rush us at all. Can't wait to go back!Manayunk staple, I'd classify it as a 'safe' choice. Nothing special but not bad. Their breakfast French toast is greatGreat lunch spot! Enjoyed the bean soup and chicken salad was delicious. Sounds boring but the presentation was unique. My husband indulged in the Cuban sandwich and he said there was a pickle hidden inside, not dill not sweet. More like a cucumber. He loved it and the fries were yummy! The sangria was really good with cranberries and sliced apples along with a cinnamon stick. My husband also had the pumpkin cheese cake with Creme fresh. Yes, we ate like it was dinner! We'd been traveling all day. Service was prompt and food came quick & hot.I've only been here for brunch and the food is decent. I had the eggs benedict and my bf had an omelet. The place was really busy and there were some noisy children around but that doesn't bother me.They have the best bread here, soups, salads and samwiches! LOVE it!Surprisingly fantastic fresh food. Had the brown rice salad and it was amazing! The hummus was so tasty and smooth! The basket of bread that they serve was delicious! The only thing keeping it from 5 stars was the service. Everyone was pleasant but didn't have that extra zing of friendliness/welcomeness that 5 stars bring to the table.I had dinner here on a whim recently and found it good, but not necessarily worth the hype. The restaurant is nice enough and has a varied menu, but it is fairly casual American fare. I will say that the service was attentive. Overall, everything was decently priced and well presented, so it's a good choice for a casual dinner, but nothing to write home about.Loved it! Husband and I chanced upon this spot because I, being 6 months pregnant, needed to pee once again. They were nice about letting me use the bathroom when I didn't think we'd stay. When my husband was waiting for me he read the menu and decided we'd stay. Smart fella. 
I had the spinach salad with goat cheese, caramelized pecans and beets. He had the salad with lotsa nuts. We added avocado to our salads and split a vegetarian chili bowl. First time in a long time I was licking off the plate. The best meal I had all week.Soggy sweet potato fries and we returned our order of tomato and fresh mozzarella which used cubed cheese - because they ran out of fresh mozzarella. Ugh, and we had to point this out. #CrackerBarrel #LastTimeWeGoToWinniesWe went for brunch on a Saturday with a party of 6 including a 5 year old. The menu had something for everyone! We ordered the frittata rustica, an omelette, pancakes, salmon burger, and then noodles and cheese for the little one. Every dish was mouth watering. Our waiter Brad was also very friendly and attentive. Can't wait to go back!Ended up going here for a work lunch.  This menu seemed to have healthier options than most places around.  e.g. kale salad, quinoa dishes, and I wouldn't be surprised if they had some gluten free stuff.  
Ended up getting the crab cake sandwhich with side salad.  The waiter told me the side salad comes with the house vinaigrette which really didn't add much flavor to the raw bed of greens but was a good low cal option.  The crab cake sandwhich was solid.  Had a few larger pieces of crab and wasn't just claw meat and filler.  Also had an imperial pumpkin on tap which I was pleased to see.  Sandwhiches run about $12.  The real treat is their bread which is home made.  The crab cake came on brioche which was excellent.  They supply their bread to many local places including for all the sandwhich made for take out at Sonoco.  Nothing really drawing me back with the array of options on Main Street but a solid pick to mix it up.I have dined here 3x, most recently twice for lunch.  This is a perfect lunch destination for a group of 4-8 as the menu is diversified enough to appeal to all.
Great location on center court of Main Street.    The restaurant decor is finely set with cycling jerseys.  They also have a regulation racing shell set between neat wood beams over the bar area.  They do need to clean the visible dust bunnies though...
My recent menu selection was the Colorado Chicken sandwich.  A nice juicy sandwich complimented with a side of fries.  The bread basket, pre arrival of entree is also very good.
The beer selection looked great as well.  I noticed the Goose Island 312 on tap which is a very fine beer for the summer season.
Enjoy this one!The food was great and service was fairly quick.  The server was very nice and informative. The only issue was that the place isn't the biggest so while waiting for a table, I was constantly moving because I was in the way of servers and the bar is smack in the middle of the place it was filled.  I'm not a small guy so that might be unique to me.Ok, so picture this. It's my first trip to Manayunk, and I've heard such great things about it, so I'm pretty excited. After driving around for a bit, we found a good parking space, and decided to get out and explore. We'd driven past Winnie's and spoken about trying it, but we were pretty much open to whatever caught our eyes. We walked to Winnie's and looked at the menu. Immediately, the Colorado salad (I think that's what it was called, because I can't find it on the menu now) caught my eye. My friend didn't see anything she liked though, so we kept it moving. We stopped into a fabulous furniture store, and a few other stores before deciding to go back to Winnie's for lunch. Our waitress was really friendly - sorry I don't remember your name, Ma'am. She brought us some yummy bread - raisin nut, cornbread and pumpernickel, I believe. The raisin nut was delicious, the cornbread was good and the pumpernickel was good with the super yummy preserves. So anyway, I ended up ordering my salad, plus candied walnuts (candied walnuts make everything better), and it ended up being fabulous! Grilled, well-seasoned chicken breast, asparagus, tomatoes, bleu cheese and candied walnuts, all mixed up with a yummy, unknown dressing make for one very happy Cara. My friend loved her turkey burger as well. We ate outside, and witnessed this woman trying to parallel park - she was the worst. It made for an interesting lunch. I'd definitely go back the next time I'm in the area.We had a bad experience in this place. We waited for the food for almost an hour, and when it finally came my eggs were underdone and my husband's were overdone. All the food was bland and the home fries were awful. The bread and jam provided before the meal and the orange juice and coffee were good. But we will not return.Just like other reviewers in here, I feel that this place was not impressive at all. I ordered the 6 grain pancakes with blueberries and it was not impressive at all. For 3 pancakes that cost about $12.00, I was disappointed. I felt they were too thick and doughy. If they were $6.00 then at least I would've been able to justify it. I don't mind paying high prices for food, but it has to be good and big just mediocre. My friend got the eggs Benedict and that was once again, ok. The bread that they used was like a roll instead of an English muffin or on French bread. It would've been much better if they used a different bread. The service was pretty good but I felt the waitress was rushing us.This is our favorite go-to place to eat in Manayunk. I know, pathetic, with the zillion restaurants on Main Street. However, the food is always delicious and it has something for my picky husband and I'm a vegetarian.  We've only eaten dinner here, but I get a different item every time and it's always scrumptious. I also really like the cozy atmosphere. It's decorated for Christmas right now, and boy I wish I could move in.I enjoy Le Bus overall and love their seasonal menu approach.  However - sometimes their attempts at something new fall flat.  I had the mushroom pappadelle the other night for dinner - and either the mushrooms hadn't been properly cleaned or the dish was ill-conceived because it tasted mostly like dirt.  While i appreciate the earthy flavor mushrooms can bring - it just tasted like dirt.
I adore their butternut squash risotto and can't wait for the Fall for when they bring it back.  The bread baskets are always delicious, and the Brown Rice Nut Salad is great for a summer time dinner.  
Overall a good place, just a little hit or miss at timesjust went there because we were attending the sat 2016 arts fest. ordered a grilled glazed chicken sandwich off of the brunch menu. i got a a grilled glazed chicken sandwich, with hair. not A hair ,but a clump of hair. i couldnt swallow because the hair had reenforced the sandwich. i spit out my mouthful and started raking the hairs from my mouth and the sandwich. the two older ladies across from me witnessed the whole thing as did my wife!! we called staff over and it was taken off the bill ....dont be looking for me in there again ever! today is june 25th 2016 and i am sure hair nets are used in OTHER restaurants!! no stars at all!!!I've been here twice now.  Both times were during brunch, the second time was really crowded.  But we always had good service.
I love the corn bread that they give you.  I eat it up, and my family and I fight over it.  So yummy!
Chili is sort of an inside joke with my family.  I noticed that they had a vegetarian chili that "Should be Award Winning" and so I had to order it (a way long time ago when I was little, my family was traveling and we saw somewhere "The World's Second Best Chili."  We tried and it could have very well been the world's second best chili, but any chili title we will always compare to the world's second best chili). And Winnie's chili was pretty darn good!  Filled with beans and grains and yumminess! Definitely should be award winning!
The next time we went there I chose to get the banana walnut pancakes which were also really good. very fluffy and fresh, definitely better if you want a more "breakfast" like brunch.
I think Winnie's Le Bus has become a favorite of ours when we go to visit my sister, so I plan on going back there again!My husband and I set out for a saturday afternoon stroll and decided to stop at Winnies for lunch. My husband ordered the salmon burger, which he thought was quite delicious. It came with fried chips. The reason for my low rating was that there was a black short curly hair on one of the chips. When I asked the manager to identify it. He said," yes its a hair"  apologized than walked away. We asked for the bill and left. No discount at all on the bill. NEVER going there again.This place has been one of my fav go-to's since way back when Le Bus was really a bus on Penn's campus. Today's visit was especially sweet as I'd met an old friend there & we were seriously interested more in catching up than anything else. Our server was not only patient with waiting almost forever for us to order, but she let us occupy the table for almost 4 hours without ever once reminding us that we were taking up valuable space. We lost all track of time & as the lunch crowd thinned & the happy hour crowd began to trickle in, we sat & enjoyed Le Bus' excellent salmon burgers sweet, sweet potato fries & much chat. On our way out I thanked our server & the hostess for their gracious hospitality & they seemed pleased & even a bit surprised by my appreciation.
That being said, I really do wish they could find a way to serve omelets after 11AM during the week...just sayin'Party of seven and we got a table in less than five minutes.  Wait staff was very attentive (I drink a lot of water and my glass was always full without asking).  They have a reasonable beer and wine selection (as well as tea).  I have read all of the below reviews and am convinced that none of those people ever tried the spanakopita.  Seriously, I have never been to Greece but I have been to Tarpon Springs, FLA and have never ever tasted spanikopta that melts in your mouth - until tonight at Le Bus!!  My dinner companions all seemed quite pleased with their selections.  The pear salad looked amazing (and I am told was super).  They also have more than one vegetarian selection to include making their own veggie burger.  The cookies were yummy too - try the rocky road cookie!  I would go back tomorrow night if I could!!Ho hum.  Nothing bad for a Saturday breakfast.  Just unispired all around.  Uninspired food.  Uninspired service.  
Better off to save 25% and go down the street to the Manayunk  Diner or the Llanarch Diner.@Jesy 6 Winnie's Le Bus only uses fresh, locally purchased produce and ingredients in their menu items. Your server was probably new and didn't know what she was talking aboutGood breakfast spot. Quick and attentive service and complimentary bread and jam. Go and decide for yourself.It's good, but not excellent.  My omelette was very good, but the potatoes were a bit cold (and we were there before the rush).  My sister's Egg's Benedict had a grilled hamburger bun rather than an English Muffin, which she didn't like.  Bloody Mary's are, again, good but not great. Definitely not so bad that I won't go back.  Solid place for brunch and looking forward to trying other meals there also.Okay...so I've been to Winnie's twice now and each time I left slightly disappointed. The first time I went for brunch and paid $8 for an extremely small portion of eggs and potatoes, which were pretty mediocre. Other places I have been for brunch give you a much more generous amount of food for this price, and the quality is normally a bit better. Our waitress also was inattentive and kept forgetting to fill my water up when I asked politely. The second time I went, I ordered the turkey burger and sweet potato fries. The food was much better, but still I felt like I was paying an absurd amount for just a normal serving of food.  I like that they have a lot of "healthy" options, but the salads are almost $20 if you want any kind of protein on them. If you're willing to drop a lot of money, Winnie's might be a good choice for you, but otherwise I would steer clear.I've only been for brunch but the homemade bread and jam is delicious! So is the brown rice salad. Love Winnie's!Great food but absurd prices! I hadn't been in quite sometime but jeez-the salad and coffee (plus appetizer split between my buddy and I) was friggin $32 ! Not really even that much food though it was tasty and the server was good....just too much money to consider going again anytime soon-ridiculous pricing !Crab cake and veggie burger meals were great!! Nice atmosphere and clean.This place is right on Main, and is always packed for brunch. However, I have ate here six times for lunch and dinner and have not had good food. Burgers overcooked, waiting long times for service, menu is just pretty much...not exciting. I waited over an hour for brunch this past weekend, and we just decided to leave after waiting so long. Two weeks ago on a rainy hot day, we sat outside for over 30 minutes during lunch just to get water. I don't understand the love affair with this place, we certainly won't go again. If the food was outstanding and worth the wait, then I would understand. I have yet once to have good food here, the past times we have gone is just out of convenience. I want and have tried to love this place, but it has just been disappointing.Went for dinner and had wine first...great collection of organic wines!!!  Additionally, the menu has some basic items like grilled wings that were not too hot and just right...then a grilled chicken sandwich was perfect while the oriental noodle salad was great and THE SERVICE WAS REALLY PERFECT...
OVERALL JUST PERFECT FOR WHAT IT IS...NOT PRETENTIOUS.Le Bus is always our go-to restaurant for brunch and dinner with our fam and friends. We never have to worry about the food or service - its always impeccable. The raisin bread and cornbread are always fresh and a nice treat when you're hungry waiting for your food to arrive. I've gotten almost everything but my top pick is the juevos rancheros and pancakes. Not to mention their cupcakes and cookies are awesome. Thanks for being consistent.Ate there again today for lunch. I don't know what is happening to this place but the quality of food was disappointing. My fries looked like they had been discarded off someone else's plate. My brownie dessert was ~ weird.
I won' be going back for a while.I thought once I moved out of New York that would be the end of Sunday Brunch but then we went to Winnie's and had the most wonderful brunch- Great service, Food and although it's hella popular, the wait wasn't that bad, they're very efficient in seating people- the wait is really on the people who are sitting at a table of 6 all texting and not working on splitting their bill. 
The multigrain pancakes were really good, as were the specialty mimosas. Our waitress was really nice and totally on her game although it was busy and we had 8 people with several allergies and other restrictions. Really great for a Sunday Brunch!!!Le Bus is my standard favorite for taking people when they want to come to Manayunk.  There is something for everyone on the menu, and no matter what you order its great.  Prices are reasonable for Main Street, and the atmosphere is bold and beautiful with a hint of rustic and sassy.  They're really good with kids, but I love going here with "the girls" for a friends lunch.  Staff is usually good and the bread... how can anyone complain about the bread.  The bread is what won me from the very first visit!  I love this place.   If something is bad, it is a fluke or they are short handed because someone called out sick or something, because their recipes are just yumm.Great service and food! Got the frittata special, a little pricey but after the meal, definitely worth it. Nice outside atmosphere.Best spot for brunch!   Food, Service and Drinks are top notch.  A must for any townie or visitor.  The Hot Mary is my go to!Lovely Tuesday afternoon- horribly dissapointing lunch.  The food was sub par and the service was worse.  We sat outside and I think this means they forgot about us for a while.  The salad was swimming in dressing, the burger was overdone. We had to stalk our waitress to get the check because we were dying to leave and enjoy the sunshine elsewhere. Don't waste your time here- go to Couch Tomato!Excellent and friendly service, cool atmosphere and very clean. A good selection of beers on tap. The Sangria was average. The Mediterranean Mezze app was excellent. You must try it if you stop by. All of the other food I watched come out of the kitchen looked very good and people I was sitting around who ate said that it was. I would def recommend checking this place out. I'll be back to try the full menu.Maybe I would have enjoyed my experience a little more if I didn't sit at the bar/counter which is covered in a disgusting black sticky substance which appears to be years of nasty buildup. The fact that I was afraid to touch the counter coupled with the fact that the bar tender was unbelievably gross kept me wondering if I wasn't drinking from a dirty glass and eating with dirty silverware.  I'll just say it would be beneficial if the woman that was working the counter on the day of my visit was made to complete some food safely training and was reminded that people can see every sloppy move she makes.  Still grossed out.