Amazing meal. Great prices. Entrees less than 30 bucks. Dessert was out of this world. 
I would highly recommend this place especially being byob !If you are looking for a great place to dine before going to a show at the Arden Theatre Company you should give Wister BYOB a try. They offer great service, food and ambience not to mention if you're going to a show at the Arden Theatre Company you will receive a 10% discount off your meal. 
This restaurant has a short rotating and exciting menu. You will find standard items such as, fish and steak. First we started with warm crusty yet tender bread with flavored olive oil. I ventured out and tried the skate and it was delicious. If I am ever served this anywhere else there is a high bar to meet, I was absolutely blown away with the preparation, flavor and presentation. The big finish was the 'award-winning' nutty buddy desert. This turned out better than expected and I highly recommend it.
The only drawback is the entrance is very close to seating and it could become very drafty when the doors open and close. Outside of that the food and service is stellar, a great place to catch up with family or friends.Service was good. Ambience was okay but it got quite loud in there and it was difficult to hear my friends speak. For the price, I expected better food. Eggs benedict with salmon was fine but nothing special, and the burger, while it sounded good on paper, was really not very good- not flavorful and under-cooked. We won't be returning.Came here on Friday with a party of four. Our server was friendly and the food was very good. Don't come here thinking you'll save a buck because it's BYOB. The food is portioned so that you are full on one first and second course-the portion sizes reflect this. The waiter clearly explained this several times. This place should really be $$$ not $$ but the food is worth the extra $.
The food was really good- I had the salmon which was cooked really well. I don't usually care too much for lentils but these were good and went well with the salmon. My boyfriend got the short rib- he says "it was bomb!" Everyone in my party was happy with every thing. We ordered brussels sprouts and swordfish for appetizers. 
Overall it's clear that this place cares about the details- everything tasted like it was from scratch and the bread even came with a homemade sweet butter.One of the best new restaurants to hit Philly. The staff is also wonderful and so helpful.I'm giving this place 2 stars based on my second visit. I brought some friends from San Antonio here the first week this place opened. I thoroughly enjoyed my first course and the King salmon was expertly prepared. My friends were raving about their dishes...swordfish, baby squid, cobia and pork chop. Plus the server (Jerry) we had that night was great and highly entertaining. 
So a few weeks ago, after we were unsuccessful in getting a reservation at Harp & Crown, we decided to check out Wister again. What a mistake! Horror of horrors, we ended up with the same server we had when we ate at North 26 (which is closed btw). Talk about deja vu! During our first visit at Wister, the manager recommended we try the chicken for two, so we decided to order it instead of the fluke and cobra, or salmon. To our dismay, we waited almost one hour for the chicken to arrive and found it to be very underwhelming. 
And just like we experienced at 26 North while waiting for our entree, the server was MIA for an extended period and never came back to our table to check on us and let us know when our our entree would arrive. I just could not believe that this server had not improved since her last stint at 26 North and provided the same abysmal service.  You would think since this place is a BYOB, the server would at least have sense enough to pour the wine, but nope, not this one. 
Anyway, the manager tried to make amends by taking care of our apps, but it was a case of too little too late and I definitely don't plan on coming back here. 
My advice to management is to provide some training for that server who was previously at 26 North, or risk suffering the same outcome.This is a great, new spot. Benjamin Moore is a very talented chef (ex Le Croix) and we loved our starters ( sunchoke soup and the cauliflower) plus entrees of salmon and Cobia. Wonderful! And they serve High Street breads, which are best in town. Cool, casual room with exposed brick walls. Go try it! BYOB is a bonus.This is a great spot for date night. It is byob and the restaurant has seasonal menu. Quiet, romantic ambience. Our meal was delicious. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and was very thorough in her answers for all questions asked.Had a fantastic brunch experience! Jerry is a very attentive and fun waiter; he offered great recommendations with expertise and flair. Our  food was delicious; though most of us ordered Eggs Benedict, the poached egg and Hollandaise was consistently well-made. The Frangelico French Toast was delicious, and shouldn't be missed...if you can't handle all that richness, share as a brunch dessert! Their brunch also offers fresh squeezed orange juice, which is an absolute necessity for a 5-star brunch.Wow
Better than Townsend 
Still savoring
Attractive people
Makes one feel young again 
ThanksBread game  real strong. Olive oil game for the bread is real strong as well. Even has a fancy garlic clove in it. Yum in my Tum. The squid app was a winner. Salmon was really good. Pork chop was ok but the King salmon took the crown at this dinner. Service was top notch.Have been to Wister on 3 separate occasions. Each time we have ordered different appetizers from the cauliflower, heirloom tomatos, squid, and the tuna. All were fresh, well prepared and extremely tasty. Our main courses were the chicken for two, the fish dishes, salmon, and the pork chop. Everything was again well prepared with just the right amount of sauce to compliment the dish and season it without your meal swimming in it. The staff was always friendly and helpful without bothering you very 5 minutes to ask if all was ok. This restaurant is a wonderful addition to the Philly dining scene and since it is a BYOB we are grateful to be able to bring our own wine and not have that feeling " how did the check get so high" when deposited on the table after the meal!!!!Almost afraid to review this place because it is SO good, yet SO easy to get a reservation.  Last night on a return visit, was here with a party of seven.  Our table started with the Hiramasa Crudo, the Burrata and Chopped Salad. EVERYTHING was so fresh and delicious.  Who thought one could rave over a chopped salad? Then on to the Second Course... Spanish Mackerel, Scottish Trout and Duck.  Again everything was exceptional. Even our foodie friend who orders and makes his own duck enjoyed the duck breast. There are no specials of the evening.  What is on the limited menu is what is available, but OH SO GOOD. It's a BYO , gives a 10% discount for cash and painless street parking.  What more can you ask for. Just one caution- if the Arden has a function, very difficult to get in.I live in grad hospital, so I very rarely make my way to old city for dinner, but I'm so glad that I did! I went to Wister for my boyfriend's 27th birthday and it was such a great dining experience. It's a BYO, so that's a huge plus! The staff was friendly and attentive without being on top of us the whole time. They answered all of our questions knowledgeably and also gave us great suggestions. We ended up getting the Tuna, Baby Squid and Sunchoke Soup to start. The baby squid was absolutely delicious. It was my favorite bite of the entire dinner. For our entrees, we ordered the tagliatelle and short rib. Both were very flavorful and just the right size that you're not completely stuffed at the end. For dessert, they brought out the Nutty Buddy - chocolate ice cream with cone pieces and peanuts - And a candle for my bf's bday. It was very cute and special. Overall great dining experience! I've already recommended Wister to all of my friends looking for a cute new BYO in the city.Soo.. I have mixed feelings after our brunch. 
Starting with positives.. I LOVE that it is BYO.. I'm seeing this trend pop up more & more with Brunch spots in the city and I'm loving it. We tried both the fresh squeezed orange and grapefruit juices for our bubbly, both were FANTASTIC. I love that they are using local farm produce, HUGE HUGE plus in my book.  
The menu is VERY limited. I'm okay with smaller menus that can support fresh local options, but I think 6 is a little too small. Especially because I was not blown away with my egg sandwich - the flavors were good, but the bread was burnt and soggy. We were really hoping there would be a few daily specials that were not listing online.. maybe something in their plans for the future.Let me start by saying I am a particularly picky eater. I LOVED this place. My group ate most of the appetizers. I have never liked brussel sprouts but theirs were so good! The sword fish was also very tasty! My husband and I shared the Salmon and the Chicken for Two. All I can say is Oh.My.God. I wasn't sure I would like the lavendar au jus. It was just right. The salmon was very flavorful. The skin, which I normally don't eat, was crispy and delicious. The heirloom carrots were also great! We split the pound cake and Nutty Buddy for dessert. Perfect finishing touches. The service was fantastic and the price was very reasonable. I highly recommend!!We went for dinner last night to celebrate the birthday of my fiance's mother. The food was just ok, but the service was sub-par.  We were seated at a table close to the door (though not the closest), and it was a cold night (around 28 degrees).  There was a heavy curtain covering the door, but it was often left open by people passing in and out, and we got very cold very quickly.  When we asked if there were any other table options, the waitress apologized that there were not.  She also added that the weather had been a lot warmer two weeks ago.  Sure, that's true - but not helpful.  I got up a couple of times to close the curtain by the door, which made a big difference - but the maitre d' was standing behind his post the entire time and not once walked over to close it himself.  He wasn't particularly busy either.
At one point, one member of our party went home to get some sweaters for us to wear, and the other family sitting near us were actually wearing their down winter coats while dining.  At the end of the meal, we assumed that we'd be comped at least a dessert, since it really was a miserable experience to sit there in the cold - but nothing.  No further apology, no comps, nothing.  The food was ok, but honestly nothing special when you think about the number of high end BYOB options there are in Philly.  We won't be coming back and I wouldn't recommend Wister to anyone else.I really want to love Wister but after two attempts, I'm not sure I'll be going back. I have a gluten allergy and they were not flexible at all and made it seem like an inconvenience to serve me. I live right up the street and I love that it's BYO but they need to be more respectful of and flexible with food allergies.Delightful BYO in Old City. Interesting mix of the elegant and every day. Exposed brick, but gorgeous stemware and silverware. We got there early: it was empty. By the time we left, it was packed and VERY LOUD. Adored the food: from a pea soup mousse with morel dumplings, a stone bass, and a fabulous peanutty, chocolatey ice cream concoction. Expensive, but worth it, and practically a bargain as as BYO.I was really disappointed by Wister.  I went with six people to celebrate a birthday.  We arrived for our 8PM reservation on time and were not seated until after 8:30.  Obviously that happens, especially at a BYOB.  We were offered wine glasses which is nice.  Another large party of approximately 15 waited for close to an hour.  When finally seated we were placed at a table up against the bar "the last supper style" so that one side of the table was not utilized and we had one person on each end, four on one side; we were told no other tables were available.  This made group conversation impossible.  
The servers and hostess were nice.  I think at most nice restaurants after waiting 30 minutes and getting the worst table in the house the manager might have said something or an appetizer would have been sent out, but that didn't occur.  That may have been because we didn't complain or make a fuss.  
The food was good.  I tried the cauliflower, salmon, fluke, cobia, and sunchoke soup.  All of the fish was really great.  I am generally not the biggest salmon fan and I absolutely loved it.  The sunchoke soup was out of this world with a ton of pepper, the fried breadpudding on top made for a really interesting texture and flavor.  The cauliflower was not remarkable but then again its cauliflower.  If you have a non adventurous eater they may not love the menu.    
With really good food I am going to give Wister another try, but only go with my wife.  I would not recommend booking a large party there, especially if its a special occasion where you want the night to go smoothly.  The timing and placement was off.   The good news for Wister is that the food is great.  Hopefully they can work the logistics out.My husband and I went here before a show. We called it a "hidden gem" on the way out. The menu is small, but all the food was very fresh and flavorful.  First, we were given bread with a great oil dip and flavored butter spread. We opted for one appetizer to split and decided on the scallops. It was different and delicious. There were 4 large scallops and a "scallop crepe" with risotto inside. So good! For entrees, I ordered the pork chop with twice baked potatoes. Again, the ingredients tasted fresh and everything was well seasoned. My husband ordered the farfalle, and though he said it was good he was jealous of my pork. The server was helpful in making suggestions. We skipped on dessert (we were pretty full since it's a byob and we had a bottle of wine as well) but the menu looked good. Great night considering we weren't sure what to expect going in. The atmosphere was nice and perfect for date night.We had a wonderful experience at Wister about a month ago. We were started off with bread from High Street (one of my favorite lunch spots)! We brought two bottles of wine with us, after we requested they keep the 2nd one chilled for us, they obliged by putting it in the kitchen for us. Honestly, my first look at the menu I was disappointed, I had picked Wister to take my boyfriend for dinner because they had cobia on the menu. They were out of cobia, ugh. No matter! We ordered the swordfish appetizer which was great. I got the short rib and he got the porkchop. Both were exceptional! Our server was very sweet and helped us decide on our choices.  I was really taken aback by the atmosphere, they have great lighting, tables for two that aren't too small for a BYO, and the servers/employees looked happy to be there. We finished up our meal with the most delicious dessert I have ever had. We usually never order dessert but when I saw the nutty buddy on the menu with the franklin fountain ice cream, we had to do it! Listen, everyone order it! It is AMAZING!! While we finished up dessert, I noticed a manager or the owner (I'm not really sure) sit down for dinner with one of the kitchen staff, they both seemed to be having a great time and enjoying each others company. I like to see that when I'm out, I enjoy seeing others enjoy, it makes me enjoy more. Thank you for a great experience!This place is great. There food was delicious and interesting, and the service was top notch.Wonderful first experience at Wister BYOB.  The salmon I ordered had a flakey, crisped skin and melted in your mouth.  The accompanying lentils and vegetables were glazed in a sweet and savory sauce, creating a wholesome earthy taste.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a quiet, small BYOB for a night out with friends.  Service was wonderful and accommodating!Wonderful dinner and attentive service from Justin our waiter.   The octopus was delicious as was the sea bass and the Cobia.  Nice atmosphere not rushed. Great experience. Complements to the chef !!  Thank youBeautiful restaurant and the flavor combinations of all the dishes were artful and impressive. 
Everyone in my party loved their food. I ordered the duck which was so flavorful and tender. Both fish dishes (trout and tilefish) were superb. The burrata dish was a hit. 
It was Surprisingly empty when we went for dinner on a Saturday night. As such service was very attentive. Maybe too attentive?
A pricier dinner but overall great experience.Everything was delicious. We shared everything family style!! Agnolotti was amazing with the maitake mushrooms!!!Horrendous service. Sat down for 15 minutes before a waiter even greeted us. Asked for water with lemon, forgot the lemon. Didn't bring lemon even after reminding them. Didn't clear all dirty plates before bringing main course (we bused our own table) When main course came we didn't have utensils. Had to take them from another table. Food was good but needed to send one of the appetizers back (octopus) because it was way over cooked. To make good, owner brought 2 bottles of spring water to table but no glasses (again we took from an unused table). Owner's excuse: "hard to get good help these days." Night was like out of a Monty Python skit. Frankly I don't know how this place stays open. Will always remember this evening for the wrong reasons. Will give 1 star for the decent but not exceptional entrees.I have been to this place two times since it opened.  It was excellent both times. 
For an appetizer I had the brussel sprouts.  They were so flavorful.  For an entree I had the agnolotti pasta both times because it was so delicious.  For desert I had the nutty buddie and it did not disappoint.  
The decor is nice and the tables are spread out so you do not feel like you are on top of people.
Overall I would highly recommend.I hadn't heard about it, so it was a complete revelation of brilliant and original flavors, with great staff, and exceptional bread (and olive oil with sea salt, small things that indicate good attention!). Everything our group had was outstanding: Appetizers of burrata, a very original and flavorful salad, and the octopus, a regular on many menus, but a stand out here, as well as the main courses of salmon, steak and duck, all creatively prepared and beautifully presented.  Could you tell? We all loved it! Go -- and enjoy, it was really terrific.The service was great... all of the courses were ok. It tastes good but everything soggy, appetizer was gnocchi- with soggy mushrooms, main course- soggy grilled bass with soggy veggies, skirt steak- undercooked, with soggy veggies. ... 
Usually it's the other way around- food is great but service isn't up to par. This was the opposite. Spent 100$ on three dishes that were all ok.
If you like soggy food go here.If everything else is booked, Wister is an OK backup. Mediocre plates in a beautiful place.My boyfriend and I came here tonight and this is what we had:
Appetizers:
Heirloom tomato on a puffy pastry with feta cheese, olive and basil - really rich and delicious
Zucchini with clams, marjoram and rye - the rye bread was very filling and was an interesting combination with the marjoram and gave it an almost sweet undertaste 
Organice beet - tender lettuce with walnuts and Cana de oveja: this was my favorite app because the vegetables were very flavorful and the seasoning really transformed them 
Entrées: 
My boyfriend had the Ora king salmon that the chef said was from Australia. It was embellished with heirloom carrots, lentils and carrot reduction. The heirloom carrots had been slow roasted and tasted like sweet potatoes. I don't usually like carrots but I had some of the heirloom carrots and I would eat them every day if I could.  The salmon was very fatty (which is good) and was the highlight of his meal. He said he had never had salmon as good as the one here before. 
I had the Berkshire pork chop with offal stuffed potato, turnips and rosemary. It smelled and tasted delicious and the turnips were roasted perfectly.
For dessert we had ice cream with mini drumsticks (Nutty Buddies for those born before the 80s) that had chocolate ganache and house made whipped cream and peanuts, which was nuts (read: very scrumptious) and cardamom spiced pound cake (house made) topped with caramelized peaches which was the best combination ever
The service exceeded our expectations and our server Jerry was very sweet and knowledgeable on every dish. We were asked how everything was many times and we were very satisfied with how we were treated. My boyfriend has worked in restaurant management and is currently a restaurant owner so he was very impressed as well. 
The decor was very classic but gave a very rustic and homey feel to the place so it felt welcoming. The candles and brick were a nice touch. I wasn't sure what the colorful prints on the wall near the entrance were of but would art still be art if we understood it?
This was a really amazing experience and we will be back especially since we saw a puppy in the window of Doggie Style right down and around the corner and we are thinking of adopting a dog.We were excited to be back in the beautiful room that once housed 26N and we were hoping to have the same great experiences we always had at 26N, especially after seeing that some of our favorite waitstaff were still working there but Wister did NOT live up to its predecessor.
The host staff seemed completely overwhelmed and there was a wait of 4-5 minutes in line to be seated even though the restaurant was mostly empty when we arrived.  While we were waiting to be seated we heard a table complaining that their food wasn't hot...think about your high school English class and the term "foreshadowing "...
Once we were seated the place started filling up quickly and a very nice waitress came and opened our wine but then it became clear that she wasn't our waitress.  While she was opening our wine there was a burst of shouting from the kitchen (never a good sign) was she told us not to be alarmed by.
We ordered and received an amuse bouche (some kind of beignet) and our first courses (tomato puff pastry and sun choke soup) in a reasonable time frame but, remember the foreshadowing, neither were hot.  Each might have been exceptional if they were hot but just above room temperature wasn't showing off the food to its best.  We did not mention anything about this to the waitress because we got the impression from listening to others around us (and the original complaint we had heard) that this was a common problem.
Our main courses came (a steak substitute for short rib and the Cobia) these too weren't hot.  Even hot I don't think we would have been overly impressed.  They were pretty standard.
Dessert sounded good (nutty buddy and I can't remember what my husband had) but they were standard at best and the flavors didn't meld.
The one other thing is the owner...he's always walking around and hanging around but I've never seen him help the staff or interact with the customers (this was true when it was 26 N too but the food was so good he was easier to ignore).  My husband did try to engage him in conversation once when it was 26 N but he was not very friendly and seemed uncomfortable the whole time.  Why is he always there?
As a whole I cannot recommend Wister but I have given it three stars because I really do like the waitstaff and the room is beautiful.  The kitchen needs to get better with creating dishes that go beyond basic and the food needs to be HOT.It's ashame to spoil great food with awful service. We had a delicious meal at Wister. With so many great byob in the area, I'd try something else like Chloe or Raddicio.Excellent food, service and ambience. Chef excellent with seafood but roast chicken was great. 4 people and not a disappointing dish.The food was not very tasty--just underwhelming or not well executed. Fish is supposed to be the highlight but both fish dishes were overcooked. We were seated next to the kitchen/bathroom where there was some kind of cold draft so the food kept getting cold. And we were seated there even though half the restaurant was empty, go figure. We brought several bottles of wine but it was hard to get the waitress to open them for us--she rarely stopped by our table--so we ended up having a quick and dry meal. 
Some things were ok tasting but not worth going to a pricey restaurant for, like the tomato/feta puff pastry.Had a fantastic experience. Wister has a very trendy yet cozy interior. Great date spot. But more importantly the food was fantastic. One of the best meals I've had in a long time! (and that's saying a lot). The bread was delicious. The sunchoke soup was incredible! The tuna appetizer and cauliflower were just as good. I didn't save enough room for the main courses because the apps were so tasty! We got the pork chop which was fantastic -- I made room for it! Also got the icelandic cod which wasn't my cup of tea but my boyfriend said it was the best fish he'd ever had! Definitely didn't leave room for dessert -- will have to plan better next time. Plus it's BYOB, what else could you ask for? I'm not sure what all the negative service comments are about, our service was perfect. We were running late and we called and were able to push our reservation back a little without trouble. We will definitely be returning!They accompanied 6 of us in no time. The food is Mediterranean/French. Is it overpriced? Yes. But are you getting quantity and quality for what you pay for? YES. Would recommend, definitely one of the more unheralded places in the area.Some of the best food that I have had in the city, but, literally, some of the worst service.  Such a shame!!We loved this place. Atmosphere, food, service - everything was fantastic. Wife had the salmon, I had the pork chop and guest had the short rib. Everything was terrific. Food was creative and cooked to perfection. Our waiter, Iman, was exquisite: attentive, knowledgeable, friendly / warm, professional. Pace of service was perfect. Noise level was just right; tables were spaced comfortably and prices were very fair. We will go back. By the way, "First Courses" were also amazing: puff pastry with goat cheese and heirloom tomato was fantastic; swordfish was incredibly tasty. We have eaten at many restaurants in Philadelphia; this place belongs in the top ten. In summary, perfect balance of service, atmosphere and quality food preparation. Very very enjoyable evening.
PS. Convenient parking three doors north on 3rd Street.The chicken for 2 is the most delicious chicken I have ever ate. The roasted veggies with it are amazing. I have gone twice to Wister and have gotten the chicken both times. The heirloom tomato app so also amazing. Love this restaurant!Excellent food, great atmosphere, and awesome service. Perfect date spot!
The scallops and burrata were an awesome appetizer and were perfectly portioned. The octopus was cooked perfectly and may have been the best octopus I've ever had in my life!
Can't wait to go back and try their new tasting menu!Our server Jerry was super cool and attentive. The food was amazing and us being able to bring our own bottles of tequila and vodka was a plus....lets not forget they freshly squeeze all of their juices so everything is as fresh as possible. When I visit Philly next time I'll definitely be back.Really disappointed by my experience here.
My partner and I made a 7 o'clock reservation at Wister to celebrate our anniversary. After braving the pouring rain and traffic on the interstate, we finally dragged ourselves in a few minutes before 7:15.
When we greeted the hostess and mentioned our reservation, she simply told us that a table was unavailable. What was more, she made no effort to accommodate us and turned us away! When we tried to ask for the next available table, she said that it would be available at 9:15, two hours later. Although disappointed, we walked down the street to Little Fish, where we had an excellent meal with our wine.
My encounter with Wister's unprofessional staff left a sour taste in my mouth. I do not know if the food at this establishment is any good, but if it's anything like their service then I suggest staying away.
There are plenty more fish in the Philadelphia BYOB sea.Cutest little BYOB I've ever been to in philly!   Awesome menu.. everyone in my party loves all of their dishes and we each had appetizers, entrees, and desserts. Definitely try the tuna and salmon! Atmosphere was very romantic and inviting, service was great. Can't wait to come back again!A few weeks ago my husband and I went to Wister for dinner the first time. We started with the grilled calamari and yellowtail - fantastic! The flavors were wonderful and fresh. For our main course we had the atlantic chard and halibut  - again - fantastic! Our waitress was attentive with the right pace for our meal. She brought the Chef out to meet us, which was a great way to end our meal.
Highly recommend - will be back!Excellent food, portion size is just right.  I like the creativity of the chef, and the serving staff is very attentive and will give you a recommendation.  The fact that this is a BYOB is an added bonus.  Keep up the great work in this hidden gem.We went tonight, random Tuesday date night, second time at Wister. Great food both times. Tonight was octopus appetizer, first time I've ever seen octopus presented in its whole form (obviously not a giant octopus), skate was fantastic, they did a butternut squash ravioli for the vegetarian. The food was fantastic, but extra points for the service, we came in late, and the other big party there was from a local cabel provider that puts me on hold forever, and that crew didn't want to leave. Staff handled it well, our server (I apolologize for forgetting the name), she was fantastic. Great meal, skate was best I've had in the city, better than Amis.The food was amazing! I had scallops cooked to perfection. My friend had flounder which was also fabulous. The owner came out to our table to chat and see how our experience was (very good). The best part was the chef coming out to talk to us and answer questions about food preparation, presentation, etc. I highly recommend this restaurant!Trendy, new American cuisine restaurant a 1/2 block from Market st. We love the Lamb chop and salmon was perfectly cooked ! Our waitress was helpful and our meals came out quickly. 
We felt a green salad would have been perfect on menu, especially if you wanted something on lighter side for first course. 
Overall, a great dinner experience with the best desert in town, the Nuttty Buddy"!Our first visit to Wister and I have to say we were a bit underwhelmed. We want to support local/seasonal establishments so we understand the menu can be limited. However, when we arrived for brunch (1:30p), they were sold out of burgers, there was only 1 french toast left and no orange juice. Then an update: there was 2 french toasts (but then back to 1 because the chef burned 1) and there was 1 carafe of orange juice. So, we decided to stay. We ordered the 1 french toast, 4 egg sandwiches and the scrapple & poached eggs. The food was fine, the service was ok. The space is really nice, the seating comfortable enough to visit for a while but, again, it was just ok.With the exposed brick walls, high ceilings, hard wood floors and a lot of boisterous diners taking advantage of the BYO policy, this place is LOUD.  The food is just OK.  Being BYO is its best attribute.  And unlike a lot of BYOs they also take credit cards and reservations, so those are positives.  Service was fine. 
The complimentary bread from High Street was terrific.  The honey and date butter went well with the charred, crust of the slightly sourdough bread.  Began with the baby squid, which came with seared bok choy.  The flavors of the peanut sauce and balsmic vinegar overwhelmed the squid.  The lamb chop was well cooked and very flavorful.  It was a good thing that it was a double chop, because there wasn't much meat.  It came with this patty of shredded lamb that was excellent.  It also came with this bizarre ball of rice and black beans that was encased on something like sausage casing.  It was bland.  There were maybe two dice-sized pieces of artichoke as the vegetable.  The pork chop was tender and well cooked, but lacked flavor or zing.  It came with two, twice baked potatoes that were OK.We gave Wister another shot and it was better than before.  The staff, as always, was very nice and attentive and this time all the food was hot!This place is fantastic. I hesitated to write this review because I didn't want everyone to find out about it and ruin my chances of getting back easily!
Grading this one was a cinch:
A for ambience
A for food - quality and price
A for experience
The menu is seasonal, seafood-focused, and sensational! We decided to get a few starters and share an entree. The waitress was very helpful with her recommendations re: sizes of dishes, variety, and pacing. I appreciated her thoughtful care very much throughout the night.  
The salad was flavorful, but light. The burrata dish was surprising in it's complexity-- really knocked my socks off. We got the octopus as well, and it was rich, flavorful with a nice grilled finish -- the right amount of salt and gravity after our two lighter courses. We finished with the black bass that was cooked to perfection. There was a delightful crunch that accompanied the soft interior, that was set off by citrusy-buttery sauce that was drizzled on top. We were headed to a show at Fringe Arts after, otherwise (unlike most dinners out) I would have been very tempted to see what the chef would produce for dessert!
I left feeling pleasantly, but not overly full. Being BYOB made this over-the-top delicious meal affordable as well. We will be back!Had an amazing all around experience last night. Service & food were equally excellent. We had a 7:30 reservation that we were running late for & with a quick call they accommodated moving it to a bit later. We were greeted by a friendly employee that sat us quickly. The food- delicious. The scallop appetizer was amazing. The cauliflower was also way better than cauliflower should taste. Fir dinner we ordered the chicken for 2. It was cooked perfectly- juicy & tender with amazing crispy skin. And the lavender au jus was a whole other world. Our server, Caitlyn, was on top of our needs & gave us very good suggestions. She made a good dinner into a great experience. Will definitely be back.After walking past this cute new restaurant almost every week, I decided to try it for a group dinner! I was able to get a large reservation on a Saturday night fairly easily and they were very accommodating when I kept adding and subtracting people to the group :)
The atmosphere is so cozy and very NYC. Exposed brick, twinkling lights and wood tables. Very nice and helpful wait staff! 
Food was amazing!!! They started us out with homemade focaccia bread and glazed figs which was so good
We tried the gnocchi and mozzarella apps. Very flavorful.   My sister and I split the entree for two and it was a very tender, juicy, well prepared chicken with stuffing tucked underneath the skin. It was paired with roasted veggies. The rest of our party was pretty happy with their choices as well. This place is also byob which makes it awesome! And they accept credit cards!!
Will def be returning! Atmosphere, check. Food, check. BYOB, check!Went for dinner on 1/6/18 at 5:30p. This is the cutest cozy restaurant that i have seen in some time. The service was excellent and we felt like we was not rushed to finish although the place started filling up. We had a starter of pulled mozzarella which was excellent. They do bring bread for the table and it comes with some marinated balsamic fig stuff. It was also very tasty. My friend ordered the scallops which was accompanied with risotto. She said it was very good. I ordered the pasta dish, which had a butternut squash thing happening with it. It was extremely good. Everything was great and i would love to come back again. My only complaint would be that the portions are very small. My friends scallop dish had 3 small bay scallops and my pasta dish was not enough to fill a standard "can goode" can. Needless to say although the meal was very good, we both were still hungry and had to get more food later that evening.Food was delicious! Ambiance lovely, service great. Definitely a great addition to Old City!! Highly recommend, you need to try it.Great innovative food. Helpful, attentive and friendly waitstaff. Exceeded expectations!Great experience last night. For appetizers we had the mozzarella and baby squid. Whatever they cooked the squid with gave it amazing flavor and the mozzarella was I believe made there and tasting as smooth as butter. I got the lamb chop dinner which came with a basmati rice ball and my husband had the pork chop. All delicious and I love that it's byob! Can't wait to go back!!You better hope they don't lose your reservation. After speaking with the owner about the lost reservation he denied seeing emails he was on, refused to seat us and wouldn't let his staff speak to us. This was all done by the entrance to the kitchen where I could clearly see nobody was washing their hands before touching any food. Absolutely disgusting!What can I say but fabulous!  Every course was excellent, well thought out and beautifully prepared.  Thoroughly enjoyed by my family and mother, who's birthday we celebrated.  Best meal I've had in Philly in the past year, and a BYOB to boot.  A Philly gem!This place is great! Food is creative and fresh. The duck is heavenly. We will definitely be coming back.You need to go here.  It's a great little BYO restaurant and has a great rotating menu!  My wife and I had the Portobello and Asparagus Potage for our first course, and the Florida Shrimp and Wagyu Skirt Steak for our second.  All of the dishes were well prepared and delicious.  Last, but not least, we shared the Nutty Buddy for dessert which was perfect for two and amazing.Food and service was great. The octopus appetizer and swordfish entree were definite highlights.I probably had one of the worst dining experiences that I've had in a long time at Wister. To start with they only have five entrees on the menu and right from the get-go the waitress informed us that they were out of the sides for one of them. Next we ordered our entrees. We each got the steak. After about 15-20 minutes the waitress comes to the table to tell us they only have two steaks and they couldn't serve us the sides we asked for. Unfortunately with their limited menu there wasn't much to choose from if you didn't like their pairing.  We accommodated and one guest changed her order.  We then sat and waited over an hour to get our entrees. When we questioned the time, the waitress said it would be out in a minute. After 10-15 minutes more we decided to cancel our order. It was now past 9:30 and we were famished. When waiting to pay the bill the food finally arrived but we were getting ready to leave. Still waiting for the server to return to run our card for our appetizer someone, who I assume was a manager, approached the table and waved us off and said very unprofessionally, "you guys can just leave. You don't have to be rude." We actually were never rude, we just didn't want to wait longer for our food to come. Nearing 10:00 in the evening when we had an 8:00 reservation, I believe warrants not wanting to wait any longer for our entrees. I would never return to this restaurant nor recommend it to anyone. When there are so many wonderful restaurants in the city, with impeccable service, why would I return. I can't speak to the food necessarily because we ordered a salad to share for the table and a Baratta cheese plate, so not much culinary skill required, but these were good.Delicious.  Nice atmosphere and great food (our table shared about 7 items and all were very very good).  I was shocked we didn't have a harder time getting a reservation.  I was impressed and would definitely go back.  Considered it to be among the best BYOs I've been to in Philly and I've been to many!A group of 14 friends went here last night with reservations and e-mails confirming our reservation. Upon entering the restaurant the manager claimed that although the e-mails confirmations were his e-mail he claimed he had no idea about the 8pm reservation for 14 people.  The person who made the reservation even called the day before to confirm everything on the phone and all seemed well. That person even sent in a check as a deposit for the dinner. We were there for half an hour or so talking to the manager who was so unaccommodating and had terrible customer service and refused to do anything even though we had emails with him showing that we were all set for dinner that night. This was the absolute worst customer service any of us had ever experienced at a restaurant! We decided to not give Wister any money and found a different place for dinner almost an hour later.Lovely ambience and attentive staff, with an exceptionally nice chief who came out and spoke to us after dinner. However, the food was really average. It seemed to lack seasoning and the natural favors of the produce weren't solid enough for the starters and mains . The desserts were excellent though. As the prices were on the upper end of the scale and the food didn't measure up , I am not sure that I would return .Would give zero stars if I could. Completely unprofessional. As mentioned in many other reviews, poor management! They completely denied a party of 14, even after a deposit had been provided with proof of over 10 emails confirming the menu and plan for the event. The manager (who confirmed his personal email address was on our event planning emails but stated "I didn't get any of those emails" wouldn't even make it right, he had room to seat us but refused. 
SKETCHY SKETCHY SKETCHY.
jerks. DO NOT GIVE THEM  your money. So many other fantastic restaurants in Philly. 
there is a reason they offer a cash discount. DID I MENTION SKETCHY? SUPPORT ANOTHER RESTAURANT.We ended up at Wister as a back up to our originally planned place, and I'm really glad that we did.  I have nothing but great things to say from the food to the service.
They got off to a fabulous start with the bread service.  The brown/grain bread with date butter was absolutely perfect with tons of molasses flavor, grainy chew, and a little sweetness off the butter.  It's right up there with Parc's unbeatable bread basket.  
There was no letdown with the appetizers.  The sunchoke soup was the perfect amount of earthy flavor and a hint of sweetness with a perfect compliment of herb oil drizzled on the top.  The brussel sprouts were inventive and unique with chicken liver and topped with a berry compote.  
Those were great, but the tuna and baby squid were even better!  They do some sort of interesting technique where the tuna is pounded flat and takes on a gelatin texture on the bottom and then stud it with grapefruit and more tuna.  The presentation is gorgeous and has just the right amount of fish, acid, and herb.  The squid is unbelievably tender and has nice hit of peanut flavor and a mildly asian undertone.  
Everyone loved the perfectly cooked salmon with its crispy skin and served above lentils that were cooked perfectly and took on a deeply earthy taste.  My only suggestion here would be a touch more acid.
Can't go wrong with the dessert.  The nutty buddy is an easy crowd pleaser, but I enjoyed the subtle flavors of the perfectly set rosemary flan/semi-fredo with kumquats.  It was delicate, light, and a perfect end to the meal.Thoroughly enjoyed our evening at Wister. Everything was done well, but first course of firm but tender hunks of tuna on a bed of tuna carpaccio (double the tuna: how can you go wrong?) and a main of also extremely tender short rib were particularly outstanding. Harissa-spiced cauliflower and the Spanish Mackerel can also be easily recommended. I've seen some complaints about service in other reviews, but everyone we met was attentive, friendly and professional. Handsome and welcoming space lined with exposed brick on one wall. Only quibbles are a cool breeze if you sit toward the front on a winter evening, and the odd choice of Christmas songs on the sound system during the first part of the meal.I don't hate Christmas :), but ever-present holiday music is one of the things I seek to escape during a night out. Soon gave way, though, to light jazz and then to the sound of a very full restaurant packed with people enjoying themselves. Never felt crowded though, as despite its popularity and the narrow building they do a nice job of arranging tables to give everyone enough space. Almost forgot to add: excellent bread and the sweet date butter served with it is a treat.Sad to see 26 North go, but Wister did not dissapoint - went to celebrate a friend's birthday, glad we gave it a try. Squid appy was absolutely delicious, as was the monkfish entree - fresh contrasting flavors,  presentation on point. Will definitely be back!!The first thing you notice is the restaurant is musty.  It's dark and atmospheric.  The menu that was posted on-line for dinner was not available, a NY strip had been replaced with a hanger steak.  There were 3 fish options on the menu duck and now, a hanger steak to replace the strip steak.   The burrata and the scallops for the first course were good.  The duck (I had planned for the strip) was good, the tile fish, ok.  Service was fine.  The special award-winning dessert that we were looking forward to was no longer available.  It's not inexpensive and for the cost, disappointing.I came by this restaurant after hearing good things.  I had a fantastic meal.  The food was delicious and thoughtfully done. Amazing flavors in everything I had.  Definitely recommend!I definitely didn't leave Wister disappointed, but I also didn't leave with that "omg-I-need-to-come-back-here-every-night-of-week-for-the-next-month" feeling that I've gotten at many other philly restaurants. I think this restaurant is just lacking...creativity. We got the beet salad and melon and prosciutto for appetizers, and the salmon and chicken for dinner. Really, dishes were good, but not blow my mind good. If you're looking for yummy, simple, home style cooking, this is your place, otherwise, for next level dishes I'd try somewhere else.We were going to the Arden Theater last night and decided  to Wister for supper before an 8 PM show. We arrived at 6:30, sat down, the menus hadn't changed since early summer. We ordered salad and fish. The salad arrived a little after 7, the fish about a half hour later. It was under cooked, I asked if it could be cooked a bit more. About fifteen minutes later I  asked about my dinner. The waitress then tells me they had to completely recook the dish. 
By the time it arrived it was too late, they took it off the check. I had a brownie at the Arden. Pretty disappointing ...Excellent restaurant the best is Sunday 5-9 pm a special 3 course prix fix $35 menu with salad pasta meatballs or sausage pasta changes every week plus dessert worth a visitSuper cool spot. Almost gave this a place a two-three star rating because of the subpar service. Not sure if they were missing staff, but we had to ask several times for glasses for our Liquor. Decor was modern inside. I didn't really understand why the place was so expensive at first, since the decor had a more laidback modern vibe, and most of the customers were underdressed!
HOWEVER, the reason I give the four star is because the food was actually really great! We had the tuna appetizer, which had a great sauce and flavor. And, I ordered the Scottish trout for dinner. Excellent flavor, and added sides of lentils and bacon. yummy!