Was not a fan of their cheesesteak. Their wiz sauce was mustard based and it was not terrible as a sandwich itself but mustard is not the flavor one expects or wants in a cheesesteak. It was overwhelming and not good.Not a vegan or a vegetarian but I love eating vegan food. I was so excited to try this place out. It is connected to V Street (which is right next door) so I'm guessing this is the vegan paradise of Philly. Two awesome restaurants right next to each other. So what does that mean? Well, if you're like me.. that means when you are visiting the area and looking for awesome take-out, you just order from both places so you don't miss out! We ordered take-out from V Street, then headed next door to Wiz Kid, where I ordered the WK philly (the vegan version of a classic philly cheese steak). We were originally planning on taking this to our hotel to eat the meals from both restaurants but we decided to snag a table at Wiz Kid and eat our food there. The WK philly was ready under 10 minutes, and we self sat in a cute little table where we indulged in all the vegan goodies. I loved that they had regular ketchup and spicy ketchup as options. I went with the spicy and my mom had the regular. We split the hoagie and were both BLOWN away by the flavor. This was the best cheese steak I've ever had. The bun was so tasty, the "meat" tasted like real meat but BETTER because I didn't feel disgusting and overly full after I ate it due to the meat sweats and that gross greasy meat feeling in your tum. The "cheese" was so flavorful too! I honestly can't say enough about how good this sandwich was. The service was great too. I would come back here in a heart beat!I love Vedge and was really looking forward to Wiz Kid for vegan take-out in my neighborhood. Huge disappointment!  Very few healthy options! (Note: see all the reviews about the fries,). It may be tasty but I can't say because, as a healthy vegetarian, there was nothing appealing for me to order. I stopped in on several different occasions in the hope of finding some additional menu options, but no luck at all. Really too bad!Dudes.  Seriously... so good. So so soooo good.  The rutabaga fries are the most amazing thing ever.  The rutabaga cheese is better than any real cheese wiz I've ever had in my life.  The Reuben cheesesteak may or may not have also brought a tear to my eyes.  I mean,  this place is amazing.  The"pot holes" brownies. Holy crap. We ate one before we got our food.. ate,  left and turned around and went in and bought 2more. That didn't make it back to Jersey with us.   Don't judge me.  Try one, you'll see. I wish there was more seating,  but other than that, there's not one bad thing to say.  Some of the best vegan food we've had yet.  Thanks wiz kid!!The WK cheesesteak was fabulous. A lil salty. 
The Rueben cheesesteak was good too! 
Not at boring. Was fun to eat. Nothing heavy. Great service. 
Spoiler alert (no free refills) but tasty lemonade with rhubarb.WK is always consistent & delicious! I've basically tried everything on the small menu. The wiz fries have a really great rutabaga cheeze sauce, slightly spiced. KFT is so crunchy, the Thousand island dressing to too spicy for me, but they can hold it & the bun is sooo fluffy and flavorful. Vegan cheezesteak (hold the onions) has a fantastic combo of thinly slice mushrooms & seitan. My current fave rn is the chopped salad, it's so loaded up it will fill you up. The customer service here is tops, all the staff members are so cheerful and pleasant. If you get take away they prep your vegan noms fast!Let me start off by saying, I'm not a vegan. I gave this place a try because of how much I love vedge. Not only was it the best vegan cheesesteak I've ever had but it was one of the better cheesesteaks in the city period. Unbelievable and tastes cleaner than going to pats or jims for a pile of grease. It's a must try vegan of not !KFT was great. Perfect size for an indulgence without getting stuffed. Fries are some of the best i have had in CC; nice and browned and not grease laden.i really wanted to like this place. I got the Philly style one. it was soggy and super buttery for some reason. maybe it was the mustardy mayo sauce that was on it. pretty bland. I ended up picking through the other half after eating the first and just ended up throwing away half of it. I'll have to try the Komchi version next time...if I go back.Absolutely delicious, we came from Washington D.C. and tried it. If you're in Philly, you should definitely grab a bite and don't forget the cheez fries!This place was right near where I was staying, and it had been over a decade since I'd had a vegan cheesesteak in Philly (RIP Giannas), so I was really ready to enjoy this. Sad to say I just didn't like it: the sauce tasted strange to me, as did the "steak" which reminded me more of veggie beef /noodles in a vegan chinese food dish rather than a 
vegan cheesesteak.  I couldn't finish more than half, and I'm not known for leaving vegan junk food on a plate. Obviously, different strokes for different folks, some people in comments here seem to love it and say it's the best in the city and maybe their method of making this is more "refined" or something. But in my opinion, it just tasted gross and unappetizing. Mini desert (hubcap?) was OK, some little chocolate peanut butter thing, nothing special.  The best thing by far was the waterade (watermelon lemonade).I was going to rate a 4 because I'm definitely a fan. However, the people were so nice there so I give it a 5. I ordered the Philly, which is a vegan "cheesesteak" and my wife and I split the Korean fries. She ordered the cobb salad.  When we first walked in the people working there were super nice. My wife has a corn allergy so they checked the ingredients of each thing we ordered. They weren't put off by this and handled it very professionally and kindly. The Philly was awesome. Really filling with plenty of ingredients to fill the roll. I enjoyed every bite. The Korean fries were also excellent, but I got filled up by the Philly, I found it hard to eat all the fries.  My wife loved here salad, except for the tofu which she thought had a nice spice, but otherwise bland.  The pickled cauliflower was really tasty. The dressing was really good. 
The people at the place thanks us for coming and wished us a good day. A nice touch for a causal dinning experience.Not a vegan, but the "cheesesteak" was really good! I got the WK Philly with Rabe. It was big, messy, but not that greasy! I didn't leave feeling like a grease ball like I have after many cheesesteaks in the last, so I may visit this place frequently to enjoy vegan fast food.Their vegan cheese steak is amazing! The "cheese" is better than real wiz and I think I would prefer this sandwich over a meat cheese steak any day. It's been weeks since I was here and I'm still dreaming of the wiz!!! very chill atmosphere and small. They do serve a minimal amount of alcohol so it is a great place to start your night!Being a HUGE fan of v street, I was dying to try this place. Decided to order it off caviar one day and I was pretty happy with the results! Didn't taste too oily at all. Wiz Fries are a must - so delicious! Mushroom sandwich was my favorite one, very filling for all seitan and veggies!As a vegetarian/vegan for over 15+ years, this place is so worth the stop. I wish it was a little bigger, but it fit the bill for me, my wife and my 3 year old. DOPE Food, seriously I need this in Maryland.One word: Delicious
The sauce is amazing. The wk Philly is amazing. The fries are amazing. The bread is perfect. It's definitely worth the money. I didn't miss eating meat at all.Y'all, Wiz Kid has the best vegetarian cheesesteak ever, and it's just a bonus that it's vegan.
The Wiz Kid Philly (grilled mushrooms and seitan, fried onions, and rutabaga wiz) is so so so good. Having tried the rutabaga fondue at Vedge, I knew the rutabaga wiz would be great, but I was still so blown away by its deliciousness. The sandwich is super meaty and filling. 
I can't wait to go back and try other menu items, but let's be real - it's going to take a lot of willpower to not order the Wiz Kid Philly.Best vegan Philly cheesesteak ever! The owners of Wiz Kid Also own V street and Vedge, my two favorite vegan restaurants. They have outdone themselves with their vegan cuisines. I had the wiz kid philly and couldn't tell that it was not steak. The size was decent, I also got the KFT, however, ate it later so it wasn't as spectacular . The only reason this is four starts is because I felt both sandwiches could have used more sauce and also the guy at the counter wasn't that friendly. Good service matters!Went to Wiz Kid to order the WK Philly vegan steak.  I asked if they could substitute the bread for a lettuce wrap instead.  The cashier informed me that they could put it on a bed of lettuce given they like to cut up their lettuce.  I said ok. Boy...boy..oh BOY!!  Fantastic!!!!!!  It's made the same way as on the hoagie roll but on a bed of lettuce with the Wiz Cheese.  This is sooo good!Amazing. I don't live in Philly anymore, but I make a point to go here whenever I'm in town. If you live in Philly, you're so lucky to have this place as an option for delicious vegan food. Go and enjoy!Wonderful staff. Great whiz cheese!!  Thank you also for all the wonderful vegan recommendations, since we are moving to philly soonFirst experience here was unbelievably delicious. Ordered the WK Philly, the KFT, and Wiz Fries. If you're like me, and have been struggling to find a restaurant that serves anything besides Daiya vegan cheese, you need to go here and order Wiz Fries! So creamy you wouldn't believe it's dairy-free. Loved how the whole menu was vegan-friendly. Definitely the type of comfort food one craves, all in a crusty-free version! Am highly recommending this for everyone (meat-eaters included) to try it out!Visited Philly and of course we were craving a good vegan Philly Cheesesteak! We were not disappointed!! And the Reuben we tried was on point too! Tried several vegan versions of the Philly Cheesesteak and nothing compared to Wiz Kid's version!! They rock! And don't forget a side of fries w/ vegan cheese "wiz" topping! So good!So this is my second time at Wiz Kid! The first time was during the winter & I just had to come out in the cold to try their vegan WK Philly cheesesteak & what I remember is that it was so amazing but this time I came here with my (potential bae) lol because I had spoken about it for  past two days and I wasn't pleased at all. I'm not sure if Wiz Kid changed chefs or what but that Vegan WK Philly Cheesesteak was nothing like the one I had before. 
My rating below : Best out of 5...5 being the best! 
Vegetarian/ Vegan Food options: 5
Parking availability: 2
Business Energy Cleanliness : 5 
Bathrooms: yes, 5 
Staff friendliness : 5 
Seating Space: 3 
Service: 5 
I even posted two photos below to showcase the difference between both times I've visited. The one from earlier in the year the seitan was darker & nowhere near this salty. The wiz fries were also more a cheese texture and taste; but the photo from May shows a much lighter seitan and the wiz fries looks like it's coated with mustard .
The WK Philly was extremely dry and salty I mean could there have been anymore salt on it. We also ordered the wiz fries and I don't remember it having a mustard tasting wiz on it. That definitely wasn't tasty at all. I was so disappointed that I had spoken highly about this place to others; only for it to taste like it was coated in salt. It seems I'm not the only person to think so hopefully they will look into their cooks & try to make it more tasty. 
Otherwise the ambiance is very causal, clean & friendly environment. I just wish their WK Philly cheesesteak fit the part.One of the best vegan cheesesteaks ever;that rutabaga fondue that I dream of, from Vedge, is on Wiz Kid's hoagies!I give my experience 3 stars  due to a couple of factors. First, the Wiz Fries needed to be cooked in fresh oil, the fries tasted a bit rancid. Second, the Wiz Kid steak was delicious and flavorful, however it was very light on the "steak", with just a thin layer of filling rendering the sandwich mostly bread. For $9 Wiz Kid needs to step it up and put more "steak" on the bread. 
The Philly fries were great, they were covered with wiz, broccoli rabe and long hots so I could not taste the rancid oil on these. I could tell by tasting the plain fries I ordered for my kids that the oil was not fresh.
 Overall great flavors, but the chefs, management or whoever is in charge needs to provide fair portions, and change the cooking oil through out the day. No shortcuts on quality.Fantastic! Super friendly cashier and amazing food. 
The WK philly is everything a vegan could want in a cheesesteak: grease, cheese, meat, and a bun to then dip into everything you've inevitably dropped/dripped. It's definitely more spiced/peppered than your typical cheesesteak, but I loved that about it. The okonomiyaki fries are just as messy and good, and you get a decent portion for $5. 
Bonus: they pack every to-go bag with a utensil set and their bags are just so darn convenient to carry/hold. 
Can't wait to try their ice cream!We had the cheesesteak and wiz fries.  The cheesesteak was average.  The fries were fresh and perfectly crispy but would have been better without the cheese sauce.Vegan lunch/dinner menu. Very casual and laid back atmosphere. The vegan philly cheese steaks are so good! The staff was very attentive and even helped us get a table when it was super busy and other customers were loitering and not getting up after they were finished eating. Great lunch spot overall.First cheesesteak I've had and it didn't disappoint! Delish! Friendly service, sweet little seating area. I sat and people watched while I enjoyed the yummy cheesesteak topped with spicy ketchup! Yum! Thanks WizKid! Oh and the service was fast and very nice!!Just got a Wiz Kid vegan Philly cheesesteak delivered from Caviar to my hotel, and it was one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten. The rutabaga wiz is insane and tastes as much like cheese sauce as I can remember (vegan for 5+ years), and the seitan was crispy and meaty -- not at all squishy or chewy.
If you're vegan but want a taste of the Philly experience, don't hesitate. It was insanely good!Holy (no) cow. This place is the real deal when it comes to vegetables. The flavors are incredible and totally unique. I'm bold enough to say that both vegans and carnivores alike will enjoy this place. The rutabaga wiz tastes like traditional cheese wiz.  The trumpet mushrooms taste like roast pork. My only qualm is that the dressings are not evenly spread on the sandwiches, leaving a powerful punch only in certain areas or portions of the sandwich. Otherwise, food and service are spot on!I had their Vegan Cheese steak and it was very flavorful.  I recommend giving them a try.  You will think you was eating a real cheesteak.This place has the best vegan Philly cheesesteak I have ever had.  Definitely worth a visit!!Even if you're not vegan, you've got to try this spot.  They have the best vegan cheese steak in Philadelphia I've had so far.  I get it - it wont ever taste like a real cheesesteak, but you've gotta try it.  
And you've gotta try the okonomiyaki fries (super interesting Asian spices/sauces on well-cooked basket of fries).One word: Delicious
The sauce is amazing. The wk Philly is amazing. The fries are amazing. It's definitely worth the money. I didn't miss eating meat at all.Wiz Kid is a great fast casual option if you're looking for something different in Center City for lunch.  I got the KFT sandwich and Wiz Fries, both of which were tasty and filling.  The KFT is apparently one of their smallest sandwiches, but I thought it was totally reasonable in size, and the portion for the fries was generous.  I'll definitely be getting lunch here again!I had the Korean Fried Tempeh (KFT), which really hit the spot. It had kimchi, sriracha thousand island, and tomato. These fresh elements made the sandwich simultaneously comfort food-y and refreshing. My friend also ordered the okonomiyaki fries, which I got to munch on. I liked the fries, especially the nori topping, but they weren't as exciting as I expected. (Likewise for the wiz fries, which I tried a couple days later). 
The staff here are nice. They also have beer, so it was cool to hang out with my friend over some beers and good vegan comfort food.While my experience wasn't as phenomenal as the other Yelpers who reviewed Wiz Kid, but my food was average/good. 
I ordered their most popular dish "Wiz Kid Philly" with a side order of "Okonomiyaki Fries" and a "Pot Hole" cookie. The sandwich wasn't a home run for me and I came away expecting more--I've had better vegan Philly's outside of Philly. The sandwich was missing something, like maybe more cheese or maybe mayo? The seitan was nicely flavored but I think the sandwich missed the mark in total. The fries were recommended by an employee and these were a little gross to me--I didn't realize just how much nori they'd put all over them, but I don't think these this flavors meshed will with the sauces (for me) and the nori took over everything. Finally, the cookie was really good but it could have been better without the jelly. You can't please everyone, I suppose. Overall, my total was about $20 for all of this.
Kudos to them for offering vegan junk food. I'll give it another shot next time, but WK won't be first on my list. 
By the way, I also learned that Wiz Kid is owned by the creators of Vedge (the best vegan restaurant in the world).Great Philly cheese "steaks" and great French fries. Great for it being fast too. The friend with me eats meat and couldn't believe it wasn't meat.This was my first time trying a Philly steak! So glad I tried it from Wiz Kid! I had it delivered to my Airbnb so I was not able to see the store and feel the vibe out, 10/10 would recommend!Trash.com
That food was disgusting. 
Sandwich was drenched in grease. 
Fries were tasty. 
No onions in the cheesesteak, no flavors or special sauce. 
I'm really upset that I wasted money but my weekly cheat meal in this spot. 
You want an amazing cheesesteak?! V Life in NYC is the spot. 
This one right here?! An absolute disappointment.We had the Wiz Kid Philly (grilled mushrooms and seitan, fried onions, and rutabaga) and a side of fries. It was ready in minutes and tasted delicious - especially the seitan, which was very flavorful. There's also cool art on the walls.Grabbed a vegan cheesesteak...another great alternative to the legendary Philly Cheesesteak!!! Whiz Kid nailed it...Delicious and inspired vegan eats! I visited Wiz Kid for the first time last week and the KFT (Korean Fried Tempeh sandwich) made my mouth cry with happiness. It's a just-right amount of spicyness and zing, thanks to the house-made kimchee and sriracha thousand island dressing. I called ahead and my order was ready to pick up in less than 10 minutes. My only regret is that I didn't order more things to try. As always, Rich and Kate do not disappoint.The fake cheesesteak is so amazing. I go here every time I'm in Philadelphia. I *might* have even gone to Philadelphia so I could go back to this restaurant... just once or twice...
There's not a ton of room to sit, and the food is more exciting than the ambience. Might be a good place to get take-out if you're not by yourself.I've had crappy experiences at the other location, but this is hands down the best vegan cheese steak currently sold in philadelphia. The wiz fries are better with wiz on the side to prevent sogginess and congealing. If you're looking for a traditional reuben, you'll be v disappointed. I stick to the cheesesteak and KFT, which is basically a hoagie version of vstreet's korean tempeh tacos. Staff is great. And so is the ice cream!Wow! That Reuben was amazing! I was so surprised the texture of the Seitan was SO LEGIT! I wasn't expecting that from seitan. It the mushrooms and seitan were just like the traditional Philly cheesesteaks I remember. And omg, those fries, flavorful and fried to perfection. Aside from being a bit pricey for the sandwich and fries, it was really tasty! Definitely recommend!So so good! The cheesesteak is incredible. Scratch that, everything is incredible! Great prices, big portions, and delicious food - what more can you ask for?
If you're not a fan of mushroom, be aware that the cheesesteak is mushroom-heavy. Love the food, vibe, and value so much that I'm out here at least once a week. Easy to grab and go, and feel great afterwards! The hardest part is waiting the 5 or so minutes for my food and trying to wait before it cools to eat it (usually just eat it scalding hot). :) Keep it up, Wiz Kid!Yo I had the special yesterday and I can't stop thinking about it. I've tried all the sandwiches and they're all winners and you really can't go wrong but the special tho... today's a holiday so I'm just counting the hours till I can get another.Super dope meal. Love the new location. We go to the location at whole foods often.   Tried the broccoli and mushroom sandwich, Cobb salad, and of course the classic cheese steak. Did not disappoint.  Service was great. Oh yeah and the watermelon lemonade is fantastic. Yay for more fully vegan restaurants!I don't know when I will be in Philadelphia again, but you better believe that I'm getting another Wiz Kid Philly if I'm back in town. If you're not a vegan and are against the idea of a vegan cheese steak, you have to at least stop in for the Okonomiyaki Fries!I went to Wiz Kid after walking around Rittenhouse park and remembered hearing great things about this vegan restaurant. I've been to vedge and v street before so I had high expectations. Going into wiz kid it is a small place with not that much seating room and it is very casual. I got the Philly cheesesteak and really liked it. As a vegetarian I can't compare it to an actual cheesesteak, but as a sandwich I though it was pretty good.i was a little surprised by the small portion size, especially since I paid 10 bucks for the sandwich and most cheesesteaks I've seen are way bigger. I think I would go to v street again instead of wiz kid because I think the overall value is better, but it is a cool place to check outPlant-based eaters want to try a Philly cheesesteak too and this place didn't disappoint! The vegan Philly cheesesteak was delicious, although a bit salty. I liked how they mixed in mushrooms to break up the seitan. I couldn't get into the flavor of the wiz fries cheese topping. But the watermelon lemonade was good. It was too much food I could barely eat half a sandwich.Unbelievably delicious sandwiches! I also had the Wiz Fries that tasted so much like the cheese fries from my childhood that I almost wanted to ask if it was in fact vegan cheese! Wish I had  Wiz Kid near me in NJ!Wiz kid was making waves in my feed and social media so I had to try it out. 
Small dining area with seats and tables as well as bar top area. Order your food and find a seat and they'll deliver your food. 
Opted for the cheese steak and the Korean fried tempah. 
For the portion, it leans on the expensive side, but vegan food is generally pricier than the cheaper processed foods.
I enjoyed both sandwiches. The cheese steak was the winner for me. The rutabaga spread was delicious and elevated the entire sandwich. The KFT was good but when you use the word "korean" to describe the sandwich... It should be packed full of flavors. Sadly, the only thing Korean about the sandwich was the kimchi... Which was tiny. Slather some gojuchang or soy garlic sauce and you'd really deliver on the Korean flavors. 
Special shout out to the spicy ketchup... Brought a nice touch of spice, acid, and brightness to the sandwiches.Not only is the Wiz Kid Philly the best vegan cheesesteak I've ever had, it's the best vegan sandwich period. Even carnivores can't deny how good this sandwich is. Filled with seitan, mushrooms, and cheese wiz (which I'm not normally a fan of), the Wiz Kid Philly has all the flavor of a meat cheesesteak. I've tried the Reuben Steak as well, which was also delicious, but the real star at Wiz Kid is its namesake!So far I have tried both the vegan cheesesteak and vegan pizza steak along with wiz fries. Introduced my mom to her first vegan restaurant experience and she loved it. Will go back for 3rd time soon and try something else on the menuDelicious cheesesteak but holy sodium!  I felt like I was eating a salt lick. The flavor and texture were good and I'm sure could fool many omnis. It was quite "meaty".Food was great! I was pleasantly surprised by the Reuben and the amount of flavor it had. Excellent food and the apple-ade was mighty tasty as well. Would highly recommend to all my fellow veggies and meat eaters alike!I accidentally ate at a vegetarian restaurant.
I was so in the mood for a cheesecake that even through ordering I missed the lack of meat.  My mind automatically replaced Korean Fried T*something* with Chicken.  
With that said - the fries were amazing - the best fries I've ever had.  The Sandwich was amazing as well. . .though it would of been better with some chicken
Yet - as a Vegetarian restaurant this place is a solid choice.  Though next time I travel to Philadelphia I will be eating some cheesesteak that had a mom and dad.Vegan visitors to Philly, fear not about missing out on the cheese steak! Wiz kid has a completely vegan philly cheese steak! No, it isn't an exact replica of the real thing, but it does a damn good job! So feeling, with amazingggggggg bread. Completely filling. Got fries on the side too with a vegan cheese topping. Can not wait to come here again!Finally made it!! Freshest sub roll I've ever had. The chez wiz was amazing and so were the RattleSnake Fries. Pot Hole Brownie was pretty good as well. Thinking bout going back before we head back home. Kinda small and tables were REALLY close so we took it back to the hotel. Service was great!I really appreciate their customer service and that I can actually have a philly steak in Philadelphia as a vegan! It was full of so much flavor & seasoning. The only reason I deduct 2 stars is because it was too high in sodium and the bread tasted days old making is hard to properly chew. But messy is fun! Anyway, if you're vegan and want to participate in the phenomenal philly cheese steak, this is an option!
Total of $15.66Awesome. Loved every part of this place, from the fast and friendly service to the delicious food. Highly recommend their WK Philly. The seitan looks exactly like actual steak, and the flavor is so yummy. Fries are cooked to order, fresh and crispy. Try their spicy ketchup, you won't regret it!Really neat place. The cheese steak is really satisfying and the fries are to die for! The young man working the counter was super friendly and helpful!Ooooooooooh, I see you Wiz Kid.  I see you over there.  Being casual and fancy all at the same time.  Making a salad so satisfying that I'm still full, and it's been hours, which never happens...
My friend had 'steak' over lettuce and I had the chopped salad.  He remarked a few times about his food being good and I never wanted my salad to end.  Luckily, you get a pretty substantial salad here.  The ingredients all tasted very fresh and seemed healthy, aside from the tortilla crumbly strips, but I didn't care.  They added such a good texture and flavor that I want to put them on everything now.  And that dressing?  I'm not sure what's in it but it surely tasted too creamy to be vegan.  
I was so pleased.  Can't wait to try a sandwich or dessert next time!  Or, you know, get the salad again.  And again.First off, the place itself looks really cool with all the art work. I got the Reuben steak and Okonomiyaki fries. The flavor of the sandwich is really great and at first glance you can't even tell it's vegan! I highly recommend getting the Okonomiyaki fries.. it's the best fries I've ever had. It has seaweed, Korean Bbq sauce, and a sesame flavor so if you don't like that maybe not for you. If you're visiting philly for one afternoon, you have to try this place!As a neophyte to Vegan cuisine, my trip to Wiz Kid was met with much intrigue. How would they replicate a Philly classic without using the traditional ingredients? Impeccably, that's how. The Wiz Kid Philly featured mushroom in place of steak that held up both texturally and tastily. My associate ordered a Yucatan Chopped salad and was very pleased at all the fresh ingredients. An order of cheese fries was split amongst and enjoyed thoroughly as the melty rutabaga wiz had us ready to permanently ditch the artificial stuff. The feeling of satisfaction after the meal was not accompanied by the heavy feeling that often accompanies a cheesesteak. Worth the trip for Vegans and those looking to try something new alike.My husband and I went to Wiz Kid the weekend before last. We planned a trip to Philly just so I could eat all the vegan things. I was SUPER excited to try this place. The cheeze sauce was amazing! I wish I would have asked for extra. If you're vegan, you probably know that cheeze is always hit or miss. This was perfect - not too salty, great texture, amazing flavor. My husband wasn't a fan of it, but he isn't vegan so maybe that's why? The meat was pretty good too, but it was a little salty for my taste, but that was the part my husband enjoyed most! I think I'm just spoiled from my own meat which I marinate in vegan chicken broth prior to cooking. Don't get me wrong, I would definitely go back. I left full & satisfied.One of the best vegan cheesesteaks ever;that rutabaga fondue that I dream of, from Vedge, is on Wiz Kid's hoagies!
This stuff is what vegan dreams are made of.Loved trying the sandwiches and fries here.
The WK Philly was the standout hit- so savory and spot on. The kimchi tempeh sandwich was also good but a bit messy to eat and had a little spicy kick. 
Loved the fries with seaweed as well as the wiz kid cheese fries! 
Don't skimp on dessert! The pothole brownie was soft, decadent and hit the spot for a vegan that has been missing some good baked brownies!!This place is off the hook!!!! Definitely the best vegan cheese steak I have ever tasted. And the sauce are unreal. The Korean cheese fries also up there with the best of the best. PS hey Wiz Kid owner you should open one of these joints in Asbury Park NJ.So you hear vegan steak shop and you have no idea what to think.  You order the KFT and the Roast Rabe and you think I'll be back. The okonomiyaki fries have a touch of heat and are just delicious. Everything packs a ton of flavor so that if you're a meat eater like me, you don't miss it for a bird. The space is small with just a few seats but to go is an option!Hmmmm. I may have to try more of their food but the initial cheesesteak was super greasy and spicy. I don't do spices well so I wasn't into it. But I think I came on the opening day and everything was still new and chill. I liked the atmosphere a lot. Which is why I wouldn't write this place off. I also have had food from the owners other restaurant. I'm not vegetarian but if something is good I eat it. I'm willing to give it another shot. ....one day.Get the Julep iced tea=5 stars! Refreshing black tea with fresh mint leaves and lemonade. Slurp! Sangria tasted light on the alcohol. Pizza steak =3 stars, Philly wiz= 4 stars, rattlesnake fries= 4 stars. Air conditioner = 5 stars!Vegan Philly Cheesesteak sounds odd, but this imitation is a sandwich that can stand on its own (and is better seasoned than most of its competition).My husband and I went to Philadelphia to find the best vegan cheesesteak.... Wiz kid is it.  OMG amazing.   We were blown away by the flavor and the rutabaga wiz is to die forRidiculously good! Even if you don't eat vegan regularly this place is a find. We had the KFT, OK fries, and WK Philly with broccoli rabe and long hots. If you give the WK Philly to a meat eater they wouldn't be missing a thing, so much rich cheesie flavor and a soft and chewie roll- the broccoli rabe and long hots definitely take it to the next level of flavor! Prices are very reasonable! Go there now!I'm so happy I came here for lunch and tried the vegan cheesesteak I've been craving. With much deliberation, I chose to go for Wiz Kid over Blackbird as much first vegan cheesesteak and I'm SO not disappointed. Every piece of this sandwich came together in such harmony that I couldn't stop admiring it with every bite. I promise a meat eater would even gush over this sandwich! Another glorious hit by the Vedge owners.I was super excited to try the Wiz Kid Philly cheesesteak, and it was the first stop I made on my first visit to the new Whole Foods. However, I was a bit disappointed with the sandwich overall.  While the taste is great (the mushroom and seitan mix has a very 'meaty' taste and the cheese wiz is very flavorful), the sandwich was a complete mess to eat and very small considering the price (seemed more like half a sandwich than a whole). The roll is similar to a baguette, which I liked, but would have liked more had they not cut it completely in half rendering it impossible to eat without all the filling falling out with each bite.  
I'll give it a second try eventually, but not in any major rush to do so. I still prefer the vegan cheesesteak offerings at Blackbird or HipCityVeg over it.The chopped salad or blackened tofu salad is my go to here but recently it's been a bust. What used to be fresh and refreshing has turned into a goop of mayo and some lettuce. I ended up dumping it in the trash. Less is more when it comes to salad dressing.Super thrown off by the name and superhero comic font logo, I walked right passed Wiz Kid a few times now. It's located at the back of the restaurant portion of the new Whole Foods. I saw people carrying what looked like cheesesteaks and fries. Being a vegan, I of course didn't give it a second thought. That was until I saw them handing out the food in Vedge and V Street paper bags. Confused, I asked the kind girl behind the counter. She explained it all to me...
Wiz is the newest brainchild from Kate Jacoby & Rich Landau of Vedge & V Street fame. It's more playful street food fare, even more so than V Street. It's a smaller menu consisting of only 3 items. Three incredibly creative items mind you. 
We split the Philly Wiz Kid ($10) which was  Seitan mixed with oyster and maitake mushrooms to make the "steak". Topped with rutabaga "cheese" whiz, pickled hot peppers on Philly Bread Company toasted baguette. IT WAS DELICIOUS!!! Even my carnivore hubby loved it!!! A truly fantastic sammy!!!! 
They also offer torragashi fries and a salad. 
They are said to open a brick and mortar right next to V Street for holiday 2016/ early 2017 with a few more sammies such as a KFT (Korean Fried Tempeh) and a WK (a chopped veggie). 
I've been a fan of Rich Landau since way back to his Horizon's days in Willow Grove. He and Kate can do no wrong in my book. They're vegan geniuses if you ask me. Vegans and meat eaters alike love their food. This place is no different. Actually, I feel this may be an even bigger hit with those who normally aren't plant based! Best of luck guys!I was so excited to finally try this jawn.  Anything that comes from the people that brought us V street and vedge--- I am SO in.  So, the new Whole Foods has this whole food court sort of area. WK is one of 4 places to eat in there, and actually all of them look pretty awesome. BUT.. this mission was to try WK so we did not get distracted by the other options.  
Having only like 4 items on the menu, we did not have to try tooooo hard to pick what to try, and we had faith that the minimal menu would mean all are done to perfection. Welp, we went with their version of the philly cheesesteak, the salad, and tried the fries. The sandwich was delicious, and big.  I am pretty sure its the same rutabaga "cheese" sauce stuff that is served at vedge. this is a good thing. it was very flavorful and we didnt finish it! Great bread, too.  The salad was bangin, I loved it.  Loads of flavor and great ingredients (all of which seem to escape me now, sorry readers). Last but not least, the fries. There are 2 options: "cheese" fries, and this spice blend version with sesame and other interesting sounding things (yea, can't remember those either).  Fries were great texture and all, but the spice blend wasn't nearly as flavorful as it sounded like it would be.  Not bad, just kind of meh.
I would eat there again but not race back, especially with so many options in the city. I do look forward to the full size wiz kid that is supposed to be opening up... because boring fry spice blend or not, the people behind these vegan eateries are the killin the veggie game!Keep in mind this is coming from someone who hasn't eaten a proper Philly Cheesesteak in over 20 years, and has no expertise whatsoever in what a vegan version of such a classic should taste like. I'm going to resist the urge to compare it to other popular and more well-established vegan cheesesteak spots around the city (many of which are very good). Wiz Kid makes a great tasting sandwich, but would you expect any less from the Vedge folks? I had the Wiz Kid sandwich and Togarashi Fries with spicy ketchup. Everything tasted excellent, including the rutabaga-based "wiz" cheese substitute. The roll was a little funky, very soft and bread-like. A sturdier roll might help with the sloppiness of the sandwich others had mentioned. There's plenty of seating in the adjacent bar area where you can order a craft beer or cocktail and people-watch aging hipsters as they fumble around with their strollers and attempt to manage the toddlers who clearly own them. Also worth a mention is the underground parking at Whole Foods would probably have been better designed by a 1st grader with matchbox cars and stacking blocks. It's a joke. I recommend ride share or arrival by clean- fueled jet pack.This is my third time at Wiz Kid and I'm very underwhelmed. I keep coming back to give it another go (It's not bad but not very good, so I never quite remember what the food tastes like), and each time I'm reminded that I should probably let that be the last time. 
-Wiz Kid Philly: vegan take on a cheesesteak. I've ordered the wiz kid twice now, and both times I found it to be a bit too greasy and very peppery. This most recent time I was told when ordering that it could be made with less oil, but whether or not that actually happened it was still very oily. I understand that this is supposed to be a "cheesesteak" which is of course going to be incredibly greasy, but I was hoping that since it's seitan and not beef, it could be made a bit cleaner. 
-Fries: Not awful, just very mediocre. 
In the past I've tried the Okonomiyaki fries and the KFT. I honestly can't remember details about either, but I unfortunately wasn't a bit fan. I really love V Street and Vedge, so I was hoping that this could be another go to, but the food just doesn't sit right with me.This is my first vegan cheesesteak and I can honestly it's better than any real cheesesteak I've ever had. Everything about it was phenomenal which isn't surprising since the owners also own the two other AMAZING vegan restaurants, Vedge and V street. I will definitely be making my way back here.Unbelievably tasty Philly cheesesteak wit wiz!  Seasoned fries are also yummy. Korean barbecue tempeh was also good but super messy to eat. Nice flavors. Mix of old slaw like cabbage and hot tempeh. Chocolate brownie delish!First, this is one of the best Whole Foods I've been to in a long time. Second, Wiz Kid Philly was one of the best Philly 'cheesesteak' sandwiches I've had. Wiz Kid is one out of a handful of small food stands located inside Whole Foods. 
Wiz Kid Philly: You couldn't tell that it was Vegan! It's made with seitan and mushrooms. The flavors are amazing and it's topped with fried onions, pickled peppers, and their cheese sauce.   They give a generous portion of the 'cheesesteak' filling. You could almost share it with two people. It's on the pricey side ($11), but it's a pretty big sandwich. 
There's plenty of seating in the Whole Foods food court too. This is the perfect Philly cheesesteak sandwich for a vegetarian!LITERALLY the most amazing cheesesteak I have had in my life (including my pre-vegan days)... GREAT job... it's clear this place is associated with Vedge and VStreet (they are hands down best vegan restaurants in Philly).... I can't even finish my sandwich because I don't want it to be gone lol lol totally worth the $11 priceVery fun and kind host/order taker/bar tender. It's a casual place with an imagination for decor and food. Best cheese steak I've ever had! Don't need meat for that! And do yourself a favor and get the Korean fries! The sangria was yum! Not too sweet!I've had the Tempah Sandwich and the Fancy Japanese style fries. Neither were really mind blowing. The sandwich had good flavor and I guess it wasn't bad, but the fries were soggy. They were fried and while the flavor wasn't bad, the fries just weren't that crisp.Good cheesesteak. $10 is way too much for one sandwich. The cheese wiz was the best part. The onions were totally burnt and detracted from the overall flavor. Located inside a Whole Foods, which is a little odd. Probably wouldn't get it again.These are hands down the best Vegan Rubens and Philly cheesesteaks in town. I dare you to bring a meat eater here without telling them it's vegan!!!Wiz Kid's cheesesteaks look phenomenal and so does their location. Being new to veganism, I was eagerly excited to try one of their steaks while downtown one day. I walked from Walnut street all the way to Wiz Kid and stumbled inside only to find people taking pictures of their cheesesteaks and blogging about food. Not one person said a word to me as I stood there awkwardly for five minutes. A woman finally walked up to me and told me that the restaurant was not open to the public yet and would be open the next day. I, being a vegan food blogger (@veganistic_philadel on Instagram) was so excited to capture my experience on my first vegan cheesesteak and I was disappointed that I wasn't able to experience it after having a long walk downtown. I do eventually plan on going back to try WK's cheesesteaks in the near future though.The tempeh sandwich was really really good, but the cheesesteak was a bummer. The filling was super skimpy- the roll to filling proportions were waaaay off. Lots of bland, bready bites. The whiz was barely there and not very flavorful, and it was all much spicier than one would typically expect/want on a cheesesteak. I definitely wont drop another ten bucks on their sub par steak. Staff was friendly and helpful.6969% better than any other cheesesteak I've ever had in my life on planet Earth. Truly phenomenal.Boring greasy bland, expensive for no reason I guess your paying for location!! Continue to go to 
HIP CITY VEG it's soooooooo much yummier!! Well I tried it, I should have followed my tingling instincts. I also bought a lentil soup that was really good. $7 for a little sample. Needless to say if I ever went back which I doubt would be for the soup sample lol.Excellent vegan spot in the Whole Foods food court. Part of V St/ Vedge group, this stand offers three options, with sides. We chose KFT and Wiz Kid Philly, which were both very tasty. Love that the wiz was made of rutabaga, shows how clever people can be with vegan food. Hubby commented that the vegan cheesesteak was just as good as the real deal (and hopefully less likely to raise your cholesterol count). Pair your food with a draft pint from the Parkway Pub (also in Whole Foods) and you're all set for a decadent lunch stop!Not the best Vegan Cheesesteak.  Filling is choppy and sandwich is overall too messy because of this.  Flavor is bland. 
Having tried most of them, I think the Best Vegan Cheesesteak in Philly still goes to BlackBird Pizzeria in Bella Vista.its gone. replaced by a falafel restaurant. best vegan cheesesteak in the city, guess i'll go to the other location. parking was a nightmare near whole foods anywayI took a trip to Philadelphia just to try this place inside the new Whole Foods I had read so much about. The store itself feels like an airport, not in a good way, but no matter, I came for tasty, hearty vegan sandwiches. And delicious they were. 
This was the first time I was not even slightly disappointed by a Philadelphia Rich Landau/Kate Jacoby endeavor. I liked Horizons in Willow Grove, but not the fancy Philly version and had been super pumped about V Street, but was disappointed when I finally got to try it. Excited that a fast casual concept is finally coming and this snapshot is in Whole Foods.
Both of the sandwiches on the menu were excellent. Note that the prices have gone up and the bread has changed since previous reviews.
I preferred the KFT because I like zestier flavors and the combination of hot and cold. The KFT is significantly better than the Korean tacos at V Street if that means anything to you. Much better than a Kung Fu hoagie. Maybe on par with Cinnamon Snail flavors, but sloppier in a good way. My only criticism is maybe a tad bit too much daikon slaw. Surprisingly, the soft, packaged bun worked. Excellent tartar sauce.
The Wiz Kid Philly is very, very good. Unlike some other reviewers, I liked this sandwich better than the Hip City Veg version. Super umame, seitan done right - thinly sliced and crisped in places. Well incorporated shredded exotic mushrooms. The roll is now a soft, packaged roll. I usually prefer crusty bread, but it was good and probably helped unify the sandwich. The sparse hot pepper rings were a perfect touch. Tasty without ketchup though I did add some to my leftovers. I can't really comment on the cheese sauce because it was barely perceptable on my to-go order. For the price, they should be more generous with the Wiz.
Regarding the price, I've grown accustomed to paying more than ten dollars for small vegan sandwiches. It is what it is... Folks need to make money.  Vegan eateries have come a long way in the last fifteen years and I'm glad they exist even though they're all clustered in the city.I actually came back, ordered a sandwich, waited for 20 minutes watching ppl who ordered after me pick up. I asked what was going on and the register person told me i never ordered. I showed her i had the beeper, and she looked confused and said, well you didn't order from me, do you still want it? I didnt, and i wont be back.Some of the most amazing Vegan food ever. Simply fantastic! The service here is quick, efficient, but still feels personal. 
Shout out to the girl manning the cash register for giving me a bit extra rutabaga fondueI'm always interested in trying new vegetarian/vegan restaurants.  When I went to Wizkid I was pleasantly surprised. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was not for the food but for the wrong address written in Yelp. It's located on the second floor of the Whole Foods.
I ordered the WK salad and topped it with contents of the WK cheese steak which tasted sooo Good! This isn't the usual way they serve the salad but I highly recommend it! The staff was nice to allow me to have my order as stated.AHHH This place is SO amazing! I can't even find the right words to describe it! My boyfriend and I just moved here from Texas and this is hands down our favorite place that we've tried so far! The Cheesesteak is truly the best i've had, I don't know how they do it, the texture was perfect and the cheesy wiz sauce was one of a kind!
-DoraThe best vegan cheesesteak in Philly!! And both the fries are amazing. It is expensive but for a treat meal out this definitely would not disappoint.LOCATED IN THE WHOLE FOODS. Address and map will lead you astray. It was really hard to find. Luckily one of the Yelp reviews mentioned While Foods. But otherwise it was AMAZING!!! Vegan Cheesesteak did NOT disappoint. Definitely recommend the whiz fries too.The Wiz Kid Philly is the absolute best sandwich I have had in Philadelphia. It's honestly a dream come true. I can't wait to go back for that meaty mushroom sandwich and the amazing vegan wiz. Would have been 5 stars except I found a strange piece of plastic imbedded in my sandwich. I could have very easily eaten it but luckily I found it mid bite, not fun... hopefully next time no bonus plastic. Also overpriced for sure.Eat here now! Seriously, the best food ever. Forget it's vegan (unless you're vegan). The best grilled "cheese steak" ever. I was so happy eating here, I asked the server if I could kiss him. Wait, I did ask first! And they serve beer!! If you asked me to create a restaurant just for me...this is it!I'll start by saying, I'm not a vegan or a vegetarian.  That said, more vegetables and less meat would probably be good for most of us in a general sense.
We ordered the Wiz Kid Philly and the Wiz Fries.
The Wiz Kid Philly was good.  Not amazing, but good.  Maybe a bit to black peppery.  I'd qualify any recommendation by saying that your enjoyment of it will need to be bolstered to some degree by satisfaction in it being meat free, vegan, etc.  Would order again.
The Wiz Fries were...very mediocre fries with a sauce I did not much care for.  Would not order again.nice servers but waited way to long for my takeout order with no one else waiting. got home. opened it up and saw: 1) $11 for a hot dog bun sized sandwich; 2) there was no "cheese" wiz on my "steak"! so disappointing. Too bad cuz the tiny overpriced cheese-less bites I did have were quite good. sadly i had to resort to real meat and real cheese from my fridge afterward to fill up.Thinly sliced seitan, caramelized onion, and a little greasy. The cheezesteak is one of the best things I've had. Period.In the race for best vegan cheesesteak in Philly, Whiz Kid is a serious challenge to reigning champs Blackbird. Whiz Kid offers delicious sliced seitan on a soft roll with its signature rutabaga whiz sauce. 4.5 stars for the sandwich! My only complaint is that for the price, the filling was a little bit skimpy. 
Whiz Kid misses a 5 all together because the fries were below average. They were still somewhat hard in the middle and lacked flavor. Other than that, Whiz Kid does well for what it offers. Highly recommended!This place is being held hostage inside the new Whole Foods downtown. I too would commit a crime for these sandwiches. Great spot for vegetarians or vegans. Oddly they didn't have beverages. 
We bought a cup at the register!??? I digress.
Price- It's Whole Foods so $11 per sandwich. Its overpriced for the product but oh well! 
Food-We got the KFT with Tongrash fries and the Cheesesteak with wiz fries. 
The fries are great. Crispy and full of flavor. 
The KFT- Korean fried tempeh sandwich with kimchi slaw was awesome. 
The Cheesesteak- it's good but it's packed with finely chopped seitan. It was basically a waterfall of seitan out of the roll. Talk about a mess! If the seitan was in larger pieces I think you would have less spillage. Or a tougher roll that won't bust at the spine. 
Overall Go. Eat. LoveI went here over a month ago and can't wait to go back. I had the Korean tempeh BBQ sandwich and it was perfect. I loved that it was tempeh and not seitan.  All the flavors went so well together. I also love that it isn't a huge ordeal to order and eat at whole foods. No lines. Buzzers when the food is ready and a nice selection of seating.Really delicious! I had the k fries and the tempeh sandwich. The sandwich was really good but the fries were only ok.Another hit by duo Landau and Jacoby.  I got their signature Wiz Kid Philly sandwich.  It was everything I was craving!  The perfect seitan and delicious mushrooms topped off with a little onion.
So cool to be able to get a vegan cheesesteak and a beer before grocery shopping.So since I've heard the powers that be are shutting down the Whole Foods kiosk due to presumably the fascist Amazonian takeover, and having visited the new location downtown, I felt an update to my previously glowing review was in order. Well somewhat glowing.... It glows now. The food here still destroys, but the ability to procure a craft beer with Wiz sandwiches is the one two whammy  Broad Street smackdown needed to propel them into Philly vegan lore. One would be I'll advised to slack on this sh*t.I'm a little ambivalent about this place. I do want to promote healthy and tasty food but three stars are what I feel this should gets.
The first few bites taste good but as you work through your meal, the salt and oil start to overpower your taste buds. I had to drink lots of water (perhaps as much as or even more than I would have to after consuming a salty pepperoni pizza) and I finished feeling greasy and not as healthy as I expected.
This seems to be an issue with vegan restaurants that try hard to be tasty - you end up with food that is too heavy on the salt and grease.I very surprisingly really enjoyed this place! I love V Street but I wasn't so sure about vegan sandwiches - just seems to defeat the purpose of a sandwich. Man, did they prove me wrong! I got the KFT (Korean fried tempeh) sandwich and the wiz fries. The KFT was like nothing I'd ever had before. I'm not a huge fan of thousand island dressing but all of this together was just so amazing. The crisp layer of goodness on the fried tempeh was like biting into a piece of fried chicken. There was a slight crispness with the kimchi and the bun it was served on was to die for. The wiz fries are there version of cheese fries and only $1 more than regular fries so why wouldn't you upgrade? The sauce was DELICIOUS! I definitely enjoyed those and you will too. It has all the creaminess of cheese without the bodily backlash. Best part of this meal, I'm not bogged down trying to process meat or dairy and I'm extremely satisfied. No taking over today, 2pm feeling. Definitely check this place out for lunch or dinner!Pretty solid! I'd rate the fries as just okay - good texture but lacking in flavor. I also had the the vegan cheesesteak. The seitan/mushroom mix was delicious, and I love how they grilled the bread. The slight charred flavor definitely added something. My only complaint was that they put the rutabaga wiz on the roll, which meant that it soaked into the bread and you could hardly taste it. When I get the yesterday's pretzel at Vedge I eat the the wiz up with spoon, so as you might imagine this made me quite sad :(. 
Wiz Kid, if you are reading this, I highly recommend you make some kind of vegan poutine, where you can get the seitan/mushroom mix and the cheese wiz on top of the fries!
Price for both was $14 which is a bit pricey for a sandwich lunch, but it is much cheaper than going to Vedge or V Street.I had to drop down a star which breaks my heart.  I've been to Wiz Kid several times since opening and they are ver inconsistent. The most recent time I brought my omnivore neighbor and she loved it!  She did comment on how the seasoning was inconsistent and I had to agree. 
There was so much black pepper on my wiz kid philly this time that it was spicy?!?  Each time it is different.  Make them more consistent please!
Also the fries are horrible to take out.  They are soggy and greasy after a 5 minute trip home.I've had everything from their menu and I cannot rave enough about this place. The cheese steaks can be a little messy, but they are delicious. Grab a kale lemonade from Whole foods and you have the perfect  meal.Wiz Kid is a small food stand located inside the Whole Foods, created by the same people who envisioned V Street and Vedge! Hence, you get wholesome, vegan street food with a depth of flavor that is a step above Hip City Veg - perfect for snobbier friends ;)
Less menu items = less decision making, more nom! There are 3 sandwiches (Wiz Kid, KFT, and WK Chopped), 3 sides (togarashi fries, wiz fries, and little goddess salad), and 1 dessert (Pot Hole). What I ordered:
-The Wiz Kid is an amazing take on a philly cheese steak, made with seitan and mushrooms. The meat substitute is relatively convincing, but it's the flavors of the mushroom and sauce that make the sandwich. The small red peppers on the top are more than just garnish - they definitely add some much-needed heat to the sandwich. 
-The KFT is Korean Fried Tempeh, and it's a great veggie-burger equivalent. The tempeh is made with lentils and rice, then deep fried to perfection. The burger toppings tie it together with Korean flavors.
-Togarashi fries: fries with seaweed, red pepper, salt, and sesame seeds - if that doesn't say "yum" I don't know what does!
If I have one complaint, it's that Wiz Kid is quite pricey for what you're getting - $11 for each sandwich is quite a bit, especially if you want to add fries. It ends up being $16-17 per person, which is a lot for "fast food".
They'll be opening up a location at 124 S. 19th Street soon, so look out for more accessible vegan eats!One of my favorite vegan spots! THE best cheesesteak can be found there. I can totally see meat-lovers enjoying their food as well. Do not leave Whole Foods without grabbing a bite of Wiz Kid!Holy Yum!
This Wiz Kid location is tucked inside the Fairmount Wholefoods. The menu is short and sweet, vegan bar/junk food. I came in search of a vegan Reuben , as my husband and I are phasing meat out of our diets and I think the Reuben is nearly a sacred sandwich.
Well let me tell you, the Wiz Kid Reuben is like 11/10. Its huge, has a pickle spear on top, and meets all my needs. 
Also ordered the Wiz fries, which while tasty were served lukewarm. I don't know if the rutabaga 'cheese' sauce is for everyone. It has a distinctive mustardy taste which I liked, but is slightly spicy. 
Side note, if you're type is artsy/hipster boys, come here for the guy watching which is also 11/10. :)This location is within Whole Foods so parking for free downstairs!  The cheesesteak is probably the best vegan/ veggie version I've had!  Who knew rutabaga could be so good?!?  I LOVE cheese and you wouldn't imagine a cheesesteak without cheese being good but man they slay that.  The fries are great too with togarashi spice on them (it's a Japanese spice)... especially if you get some of the rutabaga wiz to dip.  Highly recommend!I'm not a vegan. Probably never will be. But the wiz kid philly is so good, it's better then some of the "real" cheesesteaks i've eaten! If i didn't know this was seitan, i could've easily been fooled.  This was the first time I had seitan and I'll be back to try the reuben.Another winner from the founders of Vedge, this one's of course super low key. I love the minimalism of the menu; too many choices can be overwhelming. My friend and I split both sandwiches and fries and we loved everything equally.
It was a Sunday afternoon and we were expecting to have trouble finding seats, but it wasn't hard at all. We got two great seats right at the counter.
Hopefully they start selling beverages and/or offering complimentary cups of water, because the food is a little heavy on the salt side for me. I did ask about water and was pointed towards Whole Foods which seemed a bit odd. Otherwise excellent all around as expected!On its own merits, the Wiz Kid Philly cheesesteak (shredded mushrooms, seitan, fried onions, pickled peppers, rutabaga wiz) is good. If only I hadn't been introduced to HipCityVeg's Philly Cheesesteak, which I feel is the superior vegan cheesesteak!
Wiz Kid tries to present a more classic version of the Wiz Wit South Philly cheesesteak. The roll is shorter than HipCityVeg's, but is loaded with a much more generous portion of "steak" filling. HipCityVeg presents basically a cheesesteak hoagie with its addition of lettuce, tomato, and secret ketchup. The two sandwiches are priced $10 for Wiz Kid's steak and $9 for HipCityVeg's steak. I think HipCityVeg is the better value overall. Perhaps the best thing Wiz Kid has going for it is its home inside Whole Foods where customers have access to a myriad of wonderful drinks available to them. 
So, this review should actually be 2.5 stars. I've experienced better (at HipCityVeg) but it's still a good vegan steak.Okay so I should preface this with: I'm not a vegan or a vegetarian and I actually quite enjoy meat. 
That being said, the wiz kid Reuben is enough to make me reconsider. That thing is TASTY. You would never know that it's not meat! 
The service is also quick and friendly, and the location inside Whole Foods is super convenient.I've visited the Wiz Kid inside Whole Foods twice now, and enjoyed it. It is by no means a budget-friendly place, but very tasty!
Their version of the Philly cheesesteak is really fantastic. The cheese sauce, the onions, oy. So good. The Korean Friend Tempeh is also fantastic, but looks a little sad (small, even though it is filling) in the tray it's served in, making me feel worse about paying $10 for it.
I tried the fries, but they were soggy and disappointing :(
Cards only, and there's lots of seating in the food court area. There's also wifi, and so it's also a good place to get work done or chill for a bit - and if you want alcohol, there's beer and wine available at nearby vendors!Maybe the best vegan cheesesteak I've had yet! The shredded seitan is PERFECT - thinly sliced, not too chewy, meaty. The rutabaga cheese "wiz" is fantastic. My only complaint is that they're a little stingy with the cheese. I like when the cheese is incorporated in the sandwich, and this is drizzled on top. 
Their fries are also fantastic. I just got the normal ones this time, but their ketchup makes them shine. The "spicy" ketchup tastes like Old Bay! It's so delicious, you have to try it!
The charcoal lemonade looks scary, but it's cute that they're trying to help you "detox" while you're hosing down a cheesesteak. It's the only drink they serve, but it's super refreshing and fits the bill.
It's great that this is a stall in a Whole Foods, because I was able to get this amazing sandwich while my dad went to town at the salad bar. We were able to walk here from the Barnes.
Chef Landau is one of my favorite chefs, and he is capable of making the fanciest food. I love that he was inspired to start a fast casual food stall slinging vegan cheesesteaks, reaching out to an entirely different demographic than the one he attracts at Vedge. Philly is so lucky to have him!