It was cold, we were hungry, and inevitably my Chinese mother had steered us once again to Chinatown.
With no ideas as to where to eat lunch, she randomly chose this place, I think to get me to stop complaining about the cold and my hungry stomach.
Ordered a wonton noodle soup, congee, and peking duck. The waitress was ok, pretty standard service for a Chinese restaurant.
HOWEVER, sitting at the table next to us was apparently all the cooks and servers at the restaurant. There they were, in their grubby clothes, chowing down on lunch in the middle of the day, during lunch hour. I guess it was slow, and they wanted to eat, so they figured why not 
Now, I'm from Asia and go back pretty frequently. And my parents' diets consist of 95% Chinese food so they have taken me to a fair share of Chinese restaurants. I'm used to seeing cooks and servers eat with everyone else in the restaurant. This isn't my problem. The problem is that at Wong Wong their white shirts were stained all over with mysterious splotches which made me seriously question how sanitary anything that came out of the kitchen was.
The wontons weren't good, although the soup and noodles were ok. The meat in the congee was seriously gross, and the congee itself was not good at all. The Peking duck was the most awful part. The duck must have been obese in life, because there was about an inch thick layer of fat under the skin, but the meat was dry. Definitely nothing like the Peking duck i get in LA, or even the fattest duck I have ever eaten in Shanghai. (That was a fat duck, but at least it tasted good.)
Food was cheap but tastewise it was all around grossness, and I won't be back any time soon.As I had mentioned previously, I tend to judge Chinese restaurants more harshly than most, and this is no exception. I was sad to find the place I had intended on going to was closed due to a family wedding, unfortunately, I came here as a "punt" because I was craving Cantonese food and this was close by.
I was craving wontons with rice noodles and roast pork (with the crispy skin). I was able to get all 3, which I was happy about. The price was right, too. It was very thoughtful of them to serve me the roast pork on the side so the skin stays crunchy. The broth was pretty good, the wontons were pretty good, but my biggest complaint is the rice noodles. The noodles are so wide, it was impossible to pick them up with chopsticks, making the dish super hard to eat, and since I had put some chili oil in it, I was splashing soup all over myself.
No complaints on the atmosphere and service of the place. It's very clean and casual, and the servers were friendly.In one sentence: Good service and bland but cheap food.
There aren't that many places in Chinatown where you can get dinner for under $5, but Wong Wong is thankfully one of them. The lunch specials run around $6 and include soup. If you don't need the soup, you can go for a rice dish, which is more ore less the same thing, sans soup, for $5. I've now eaten here five times, and I must say that all of the meals were of acceptable quality, but were nothing to write home about. But, when eating $5 Vietnamese food at places like Pho Xe Lua gets boring, some cheap Chinese food can be nice. The staff are very friendly and outgoing. The decor is simple but functional.
My site has a scan of their menu so that you can order take-out:
http://www.adampowell.com/chinatown/WongWong.htmHad the family meal. Sizzling seafood was fresh and light. Salmon was tempura battered and served in a sweet and spicy pineapple sauce, yum!! Started with chicken dumplings which were shaped like pierogies and served with a ginger soy sauce, light and fresh. The wonton soup was filled with fresh veggies. The General Tso's vegetables, including eggplant, broccoli, carrots, and more was sweet and spicy. Unique and delicious! Finally, the lo mein with pork and shrimp was also filled with fresh veggies and flavorful. The dishes just kept coming as did the hot tea. This all for $55 and 2 adults and 3 children ate our fill and brought enough home for another meal! We will be going again!Love this place. One of the best Chinese food restaurants in Chinatown. We love getting the Beef Chow Mein (#94), House Special Fried Rice (no Soy sauce) and Salt & Pepper Fish! Just delicious. The service is pretty good. We come so much that I think we are VIPs.We visited Wong Wong to celebrate a friend's recent wedding. We reserved the party room upstairs with a part of around 20. The room was very nondescript (as is the rest of the restaurant), but it was spacious. Wong Wong is BYO so we hauled in a cooler filled with some good beer and the night was off to a good start (yeah, drinking and Chinese food on a Tuesday night!).
Instead of ordering individual entrees, we opted to dine family style. We ordered a whole bunch of stuff and passed it around the table. This was a good opportunity to sample deep into the menu. I definitely ate one of the craziest things I've ever eaten - jellyfish. Now, I thought it was going to be "jellyfish." Turns out it was JELLYFISH! It looks like cellophane noodles, but was ultra chewy, and....cartilage-y. 
Jellyfish aside, the rest of the courses were decent. The fried tofu was awesome, as was my old standby, the General [Tso]. I also enjoyed a flat noodle dish and the peking duck.
We ended up having a great time for a very low price ($20 each, including tip). I would definitely recommend Wong Wong's party room for informal events.
I also had lunch here one, but it was unremarkable. I was bothered by the ducks hanging in the window too.Visit Date: 03.07.2010
Stopped by Chinatown to get a quick lunch before leaving. I didn't know which restaurant to go to, so I picked this one seeing as how they had Chinese BBQ in the window.
I ordered a BBQ meal (roast duck & glazed pork w/ Chinese broccoli served over rice). It was good, and the portions were generous.Just like other folks, my mother also made a suggestion to go here for a meal, it was Thursday evening, and there were no other patrons. Usually on the weekends, we see many of the tables occupied, but never totally full. We decided to give it a chance, but I have not heard good things about it. 
We ordered the usual dinner fare, a couple of meats, couple of vegetables, and soup for my mother and sister. 
One dish we decided to try was the Peking Duck which unlike other places was served in a single course. While true Peking Duck is hard to find outside of Asia, this to say, was far from it. I would not even characterize this as even good roast duck. It was dry and tasteless with the traditional hoisin sauce and green onion sprigs doing little to add flavor. 
The best dish was the salt and pepper pork chops which had a crunchy texture and some flavor from the pepper in the dish. The other dishes such as the snow pea leaves and  water spinach were average. All in all not an inspiring meal.We decided to try this place even though the review is not so good. Three stars is about right. we had the shrimp wanton noodle soup. The soup and the noodle were pretty decent, but the wanton was not. They use some kind of fish meat instead of pork. Gives it a strange taste. The other dish we had was bbq pork and roast duck lo mein. The pork was good the duck had tough skin and it does not have the 5-spice flavor that roast ducks have. More like a Peking duck than a roast duck. The lo mein tasty as it is, was not the regular cantonees style I am used to, the one with egg noodle, ginger, scallion and oyster source.This is my favorite Philly Chinatown restaurant. Their home style meals and perfect corner location cannot be a miss. The service is great as a regular, but can be better for new guests. They're great folks, just not the super talkative ones at first. The food is the best. I can't think of a restaurant that has a more extensive menu. You think of a Chinese food and they have it. Prices are very reasonable and everything is prepared super quickly. We most recently ordered a Peking duck along with super Hong Kong Chow Mein, vegetables, and tofu. Please give this restaurant a try! Blessings!When looking for a quick take out of roast duck or the offerings they had at the counter, Wong Wong is the go-to spot for my girlfriend and me.
We have gone here to eat in as well, and enjoyed the congee and noodle soup. Not the best, average at best.
The highlight for Wong Wong would be the roast duck, which my lady really enjoys. I, on the other hand, just discovered the other quick take out options at the counter. They usually have pig feet, stomach, ears, tendon, chicken feet, and so on. These are all cooked in a sweet and savory concoction. It reminds me of the food markets in NYC.
There will be a revisit in the future, most likely.Great!
1) Came here to get the duck with rice. 
2) The service was fast. 
3) Food is cheap.My go to place for Chinese BBQ! Roast pig, BBQ pork and roasted duck over rice. Most people go to Ting Wong but I usually recommend coming here because it's great for a cheap and filling meal with the best spot for people watching! 
Also: My family normally order our whole roast pigs from here for our annual celebration and let's just say Cantonese Roast Pig is much better than Italian Porchetta. Those crispy pig skins are so addictingMy parents love this place, but they don't come to Chinatown all that often. It has decent food, good soup, meh service. The servers always seem angry. Not my favorite place for Chinese, but it's pretty standard, and it's good if you're in the mood for a place with a lot of decent dishes.Old-school Chinese in ZERO atmosphere.
BBQ spare ribs were big and meaty.
Mango Chicken was awful - too much gloppy ketchup-based sauce
Steamed Chicken dumplings had a delicious wrapper and MSG-laden filling.
I won't rush back - there are far better places, but for a post-flower show respite with the fam, this was just fine - and inexpensive.This was the only restaurant in Chinatown that we could find open at 10 AM on a Saturday, but I would definitely return. 
The staff was very welcoming and the service was incredibly fast, the food was good quality, and their tea was hot. I ordered wonton with beef stew and char siu and roast pig with rice. The char siu was not too sweet. The roast pig skin was really crunchy and super good! The wontons were very good and the broth was not too salty. 
I also love the fact that they're BYOB! I did not utilize that on a Saturday morning, but saw it on their menu when I first arrived.The food here is spectacular and so reasonably priced.  Me and my boyfriend come here foe the pe king duck,  which we crave frequently.  Everything here is amazing.  The service is always very quick.  I am really impressed also at how clean their restrooms are.  I know it sounds silly ,  but i really hate using public restrooms and I felt at ease using this one because of how clean and orderly it was.Chinatown classics done right. Duck or chicken or pork on top of rice is perfect. Regular menu is good too. Peking duck was excellent with real chinese bao. Pea shoots were tasty. Noodle dishes such as seafood on crispy yellow noodles was good tooI stopped by here one day with a friend of mine who was jonesing for some soup. She got the wonton noodle with Soy Chicken. I ended up getting the szechuan roast pork over noodles. First of all, the soup servings are pretty huge. She enjoyed her soup and I was a little underwhelmed by mine. I mean, it was tasty, and sort of comforting, but I'd expected more spice. It was much better once I added an obscene quantity of chili sauce, but I feel like I shouldn't have HAD to do that. 
All said, it's a no-frills Chinatown joint that's decent.This was and still is a favorite spot to grab a bite in the City of Brotherly Love.  The cuisine is like typical suburban takeout but exotic and better.  We went as grad students and now we take our kids.  This time we had the wonton noodle soup (sublime), then clams in black bean sauce (great on the white rice) and we then over did it with the Happy Family and chicken & salted fish fried rice (perfectly salty).  The Happy Family would have been the most popular dish at your usual takeout joint but we prefer more honest fare.  Service was attentive yet not intrusive.   Monday night is a quiet night but we liked it that way.Roast pig is really good.  Its seasoned quite right!  Pass on the duck and chicken, Both are overly seasoned with too much cloves and 5 spice.  Pig stomach yum-o!  Service is quite fast and friendly.  Though there is one that seems pissed off for some reason all the time.  Maybe that just how they look. LOL!   Sorry that was cruel!  I usually get chicken and cashew nut rice.  Must say thats my favorite.  Always great.  This place is cheap east, recommended only if Ting Wong is closed.
Happy Eating!For years when in Philly my dad insist on only going to ting was. Which is great but my brother found this place and I am glad he did. Everything was great the roast pork the roast duck and the soup. The wonton noodle soup with roast duck is what dreams are made of. This stuff was so good I literally woke up Sunday and drove a half hour circled the block 20 times for a parking spot just to get this soup. Idk how they make the broth but I was about to take a 2 hour break from work to go get some today.At Wong Wong, I tried the roast duck over rice plate. Overall the duck was flavorful and tender, but it needed sauce. Something I've noticed about Philly is that very few of the restaurants here serve roast duck with sauce. And no, I do not mean the questionable packets of yellow goop that come with your Chinese takeout. The duck sauce that I am accustomed to is more like a gravy.
Duck sauce aside and factoring in price, my meal overall was worth four stars. What bumped this down to three was the fact that they chopped my roast duck, placed it on top of my rice, and then MICROWAVED it before serving. I realize that this is more common than I'd like it to be, but please have the decency to do this in the back where I cannot see it.In my attempt to give Ting Wong, my one-time favorite Chinatown restaurant, one last try I attempted to go there for lunch this week only to find that they were closed "for renovations."  No surprise, my experience there had been decidedly unsatisfactory ever since they changed ownership several months ago.  A local resident who witnessed my confusion stopped to assist me.  After a brief discussion he pointed down the block to another establishment, Wong Wong, he suggested I should try.  I figured, why not, he lives here so he should know the good spots. Wrong!  Wong Wong must be his brother's place because my experience there was worse than my first choice.  I had to wait five minutes before anyone even acknowledged me. Finally someone looked at me and pointed to one of the empty tables where I was to sit. After that table was cleaned I did sit and perused the extensive menu. Actually there were two of them, the regular one and another for the lunch specials. I decided on #5 from the regular menu, noodle soup with soy chicken. Big mistake. While the broth had decent flavor and there was an abundance of okay noodles, the chicken was more bone than meat. I had to actually search through the soup to find something to chew on. I was hungry so I did finish the soup, but it didn't get any better. When the bill (written in Chinese) came it was higher than I expected so I questioned my server about it. She took it away somewhere and came back and explained, "she made mistake" and provided a corrected check. I felt it still was too high but I was in no mood to quible, so I paid the check with an adequate tip and left the premises. Though rather small, the overall atmosphere is pleasantly decorated and well lighted.- Food is very very affordable and for the portions are great! 
- Noddle soup with roast duck for $5.50, bowl was bigger than I expected, duck was very flavorful
- I had #323 rice platter with Grouper fillet with bean curd for $6.50. The portion was enough for two people! Very filling! Fillet and bean curb was covered in crispy batter, fried and served with sauce over it. Would definitely get this again! The white rice was a bit hard, so I did not finish most of it. 
- Fried Dumplings $5.95, the dumpling wrap was crispy and thin, but the filling could have been more flavorful. Mainly got this appetizer to surpass the $15 minimum credit card. Otherwise, cash only :( 
- I had takeout here multiple times before and the portions for take out is the same as eating in
- Service was just okay, I don't expect great service in Chinatown.
Other than the $15 minimum credit card ordeal and the hard white rice. Everything else was good. I would definitely come back here again, can't pass up the good deal!The food is okay, but you can grab some roast duck, soy sauce chicken, and roast pork to go!I find that Wong Wong is one of the most consistent resturants for good food in Philly's chinatown.  The menu is extensive and the  prices are good.  They use the same menu and prices for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.   The staff is quietly friendly, good and efficient. My favorite is the Peking Duck and its price is slightly cheaper than other places.   I greatly prefer the  steam bun over the pancake.  The cucumber  for this dish is addition too. I haven't had a bad dish here in the 15  times I have eaten in this terrific restaurant.DO NOT EAT HERE! You can either heed my warning or prepare your stomach to be assaulted. My relatives and I got food poisoning here, and we are absolutely certain that Wong Wong is the culprit as it was the only meal we ate that day.
My uncle's family from Atlanta was visiting me while road-tripping along the east coast; and out of desperation, we resorted to Wong Wong since my young cousins were complaining about their grumbling tummies. There was a lunch rush everywhere else EXCEPT for Wong Wong (BAD SIGN).  We ordered 2 vegetarian dishes, sweet and sour chicken, kung pao chicken, and yu xiang beef. Everything came out lightning fast and we quickly devoured everything on sight. 
The food is mediocre, unauthentic and disappointing. If we weren't so ravenous, complaints would've been voiced. Kung pao chicken and yu xiang beef are both traditionally spicy dishes but neither boasted such flavor. The sweet and sour chicken was the standard Americanized fried dish that was coated in an orange glaze accompanied by floating (canned) pineapple chunks. Both of the vegetarian tofu dishes were unmemorable.
And their service...is another issue. However, it's the typical angry-face, i-am-pretending-to-ignore-you-waiter service you get at most Chinatown restaurants. The waiter even forgot to write down one of our requested noodle dishes. In retrospect, I think the mistake was beneficial on our part.
Fast forward 5AM the next day as I suddenly awoke in cold sweat with severe stomach pains. In less than 2 hours, I needed to be at the subway station in order to get to work;  but it didn't look like I could even stand upright. I was crawling to the toilet whilst holding my stomach and ended up spending the next hour in the bathroom. I'll spare you the details as to what actually happened. Throughout the day, my stomach remained upset and I could not hold much food down. I called my Uncle who left for New Jersey last night and confirmed that they, too, had been experiencing the same symptoms, the worst part was knowing that my 10-year-old cousin was crying and running in and out of the bathroom all morning. This situation delayed their travel plans, exacerbated their health, gave them a horrible first impression of Philadelphia's Chinatown, and ruined the entire mood for that following day, and their trip for that matter. I am especially disappointed in myself for settling on Wong Wong when I know Philly's Chinatown serves some of the best Chinese food in the city. I should've known better and I will never step foot in this establishment again.Wandered in here because it was on a corner and my friend and I were hungry.  The egg drop soup was okay, but my chicken and pineapple entree was terrible -- the plate was completely covered in this syrupy sauce, with a few little chunk of mediocre chicken and pineapple floating around in it.  It didn't make me feel much better to see a fly buzzing around the restaurant toward the end of my meal.
It's possible I just ordered a particularly bad dish, but I'm not going back again to find out.When I first moved to Philly, the first place we got Chinese take out from was Wong Wong. It was okay, slightly on the bland side, which is odd for Chinese food.
Recently my husband and I gave it another try, this time eating in the actual restaurant. I must say we were pleasantly surprised by what we ordered. My favorite is the crispy roast pork (they don't have this at every Chinese restaurant). If you love pork rinds, and I do, you'll dig the cracklin that comes on top. Another specialty at WW is the Hong Kong style chow mein. It's best to order this dish in the restaurant since the noodles will be freshly fried.
I also tried the shrimp won ton noodle soup. For just $3.50 it was a steal! I've had the noodle soup at Sang Kee and must say there is no difference in quality (however, if you are looking for nicer ambiance SK is probably your place.) I have to try more dishes, but I think the food at WW might be on par with SK, at least in my book.I have only ordered the Curry Chicken here.  It is a yellow curry with onions.  It has a lot of sauce.  I like the way they make it here.  No other restaurant has made it like they do that I have come across, so far.
It's a fave dish of mine.  
Plus they are on the corner and Chinatown never has parking.  You can make a quick dash in if your lucky to find the right time with the traffic.There menu has huge!!! But the service was great, the food tasted good and we would definitely go back. The prices were excellent, it was like $30 for 3 of us to eat...nice! We had a couple traditional dishes and I had the seaweed/seafood soup and it was good, not the best I have ever had, but definitely good either way.Really good lo mein noodles. The pork was sweet and crispy and the noodles were just oily enough to really quench that craving but not soggy or greasy. Yum. The wonton soup was off the hook. The broth was some of the best I've had. It was rich, a touch salty, meaty. I think there were small bits of green bean floating along with the green onions. I can't be sure of that but it was nice too. The wontons themselves were just splendid. Large, tightly crimped, obviously hand made. Inside is a generous portion of ground pork and I think there was chopped shrimp too, almost like a shu mai dumpling. I could have been happy with just a large bowl of the soup. They didn't serve any crispies, but to tell the truth, I didn't notice until after. They bring hot tea to the table without your having requested it.  
The place is small and the dumplings and soups are kept warm and plated near the front door/ cashier area. You can smell them and see them as they are dishing it up for you. Speaking of smells, as I walked through Chinatown looking for a lunch spot I had to pass up several places because the smell of butchered meat or maybe refuse was so strong on the sidewalk that I just couldn't. No bad smells in front of Wong Wong though -- at least not today. 
The restaurant looks a bit divey but inside it has a locals vibe and seems clean. Very cozy. Everyone was polite without being overly friendly. I would love to try this place again for some other menu items. Can't wait to be in Philly again.I frequent this Hong Kong-style BBQ place. Their roasted duck is excellent, so is the soy sauce chicken. Each time I visit, I eat in the restaurant and then order one or two pounds (say BBQ pork) to take out. The service is excellent by China town standard, and they do not cheap out on air conditioning during the summer time. (That brings a little problem though: sometimes the air con cools the food too fast.)
It's right at the center of China town, you can't miss it, and you shouldn't.This is my favorite chinatown spot to get the crispy pork or the soy sauce/ginger chicken with rice. It's just simple and the service is quick. Again, like some the other reviews this isn't a fancy place, but the food I've tried is great. If you're in need of something simple, give the crispy pork or soy sauce/ginger chicken a try!vegetables tasted old, eel tasted like it was frozen.  it was also pretty flavorless.  this place is also very dirty looking.  i would not come here if i had the choice.I loved this spot! We had complementary tea at the table as well as fried noodles. The waiter recommended the garlic chicken and it was great! I realized after trying my friends food that I don't like the sweet mango style food and I really do like the garlic spices they used! 
If your in Philly and looking for a great Asian food spot I recommend this one!Waited 45 min for my stir fried noodle still nothing n they just keep telling me its coming over n over. My friend finished her rice plate already n i was just watching her eating the whole time. It wasnt even busy ! And the another waiter came with our receipt thinking we were done eating ! So f ridiculous n disorganized. Please save your timeSome dishes are great and some are ok. Waiters are so indifferent and don't care about what you say except the ordering time.The duck is superb though. It's really the only thing I'll eat there. Other than that, there's not much to say about this place.Came here few days ago with friends, the food here is just okay, but the service definitely needs improvement. I've been to many Chinese restaurants, none of their waiters speaks on the phone while serving the food like the waiter in this restaurant. That guy was talking on his phone and just put the food on the table like he couldn't care less, leaving us behind wondering what dish is that. To me, it is sort of disrespecting!I would rather go to M Wong or Ting Wong restaurants for noodles, congee or other authentic Chinese food.  This place does have more choices but I never eat dinner there.The food was only around average to say the best. The chicken with Scallion we ordered had hairs on it, and was a bit disgusting. Not authentic Cantonese/Chinese food. Price was not bad, but still, I would not go back again.I've been here probably at least a half dozen times and it has never failed me. Prices are cheap and food is definitely as authentic you can get on the East Coast without going to New York City.
Today I got wonton roast duck noodle soup. The roast duck could have been meatier and tastier, but the wontons definitely were good. They also gave a lot of wontons too, instead of the stinginess of other chinese bbq restaurants when you order two items in a noodle soup. The noodles were good too as well.
I've had other dishes as well, including a chinese broccoli and beef rice plate, congee, and curry chicken rice plate. All of them have been pretty good as well. They aren't as great as what you'd find in NYC or California, but it's certainly above average.
On the plus side, it's very very reasonable, the prices even competitive with places in the heart of the San Francisco's chinatown or the San Gabriel Valley. I'm definitely a fan.Good and cheap authentic Chinese food. Probably not one of the top Chinese restaurants in the area, but good if you're around and don't want to shell out a lot of $. My favorite dish was probably the scallion pancakes. Very crispy and fried to savory perfection!I also wandered into Wong Wong's today since it was conveniently located next to my favorite bubble tea place. I decided to give this place a shot since I saw that the menu had curried fish balls. I went in and ordered some banana rolls, ribs with rice along with my fish balls.
The guy then tells me they don't have any more ribs, i'm like DAMN!, but whatever. 
Since I really wanted to eat some pork I decided to order what the (waiter/owner?) suggested and ordered some roast pork and rice. Disregarding the fact that the piece of meat didn't look too appetizing and spent a lil bit more time in the window than it probably should, I decided to order it anyways since I was damn hungry and seriously jonesing for some pork. 
The guy then comes back to me and said the restaurant is out of rice. 
WHAT THE FUCK?!?!
How can a Chinese restaurant be out of rice? Thats like KFC running out of chicken. He then suggested noodles instead, but I just told him to cross the roast pork off and make my fish balls and banana roll. 
Being a hardcore riceboy, to me rice is greater than noodles. I can deal with not having ribs or tasty looking roast pork, but when there is no rice, thats a dealbreaker. 
I proceeded to pay for it and left to get some bubble tea. After I came back from getting bubble tea, I waited at least another 15 minutes before they brought my order over in big ass Styrofoam trays. Of course the trays were way big and nowhere close to being appropriately sized in relation to the amount of food.
And since the curried fish balls got a lot of liquid in the dish, it easily leaked out of the tray and covered my plastic bag with curry sauce before I even reached my car. 
I am thinking to myself why am I even giving this place a second star, maybe its because the fish balls that I was craving tasted like what I expected and didn't let me down like the banana rolls did. To wait 15-20 minutes for average fish balls and subpar banana rolls that is packaged poorly from a Chinese restaurant without rice, 2 stars is rather generous, probably closer to 1.5 stars. 
p.s I also saw the same fly that Sharon W saw buzzing around the restaurant landing on top of Sriracha sauce tops, so give it a good wipe if u guys really need that extra kick ^_~I absolutely love Wong Wong. The main thing I usually get when I go there is their Shanghai style rice plates. Let me tell you, these plates are so delicious. You can't go wrong with any selection of meats that are traditional style Chinese cuisines. I frequent this place because of the value as well as the flavor. The combination of both is everything you could ask for and then the staff is always welcoming and friendly. If you happen to just need a quick and filling meal pick Wong Wong's.I've been to most Chinese restaurants in Chinatown. All of them are somewhat variable depending on what you order, but Wong Wong has been my consistent favorite. 
There are some things to note however: first, if you're going for decor or polite service, don't go here. Expect to see the cooks eating from a giant platter next to you. This is not a romantic date location, if you have those kind of expectations you're going to be seriously disappointed. Similarly, I see a review saying the Peking duck was fatty. Duck is fatty. If you want unfatty duck, get chicken.
This is an excellent place to go if you are drunk with friends, or want to get some more traditional Chinese dishes. For bang for your buck I suggest one of the rice dishes with pork and or duck (they prepare it several ways), and a soup. You'll have leftovers and have spent only about $10 combined.Excellent Peking Duck.  Corn Chowder is very good too.  So far no menu items have been a disappointment, and they're pretty good at accomodating off-menu requests.  All the noodle dishes have been a delight.
Once on a journey with my in-laws, we walked in to 3 peking duck restaurants, but before being seated my father-in-law asked to see where they smoked the ducks.  This was the first place that passed his test.  Had to do with cooling the smoke before it hits the duck so that the process takes longer.  I'm no expert in this regard.  Additionally when we go with my in-laws we ask that they don't de-bone the ducks before bringing them to the table and they always accomodate.  When my boyfriend and I go just us we secretly allow them to de-bone the duck because it's quite a bit easier to eat.
Finally--don't let them take the menu after you've ordered, there is a virtual treasure-trove of language blunders to enjoy while you're waiting for your food to come out.Petit restaurant chinois typique. Accueil et service très sympathiques. Nous avons commandé un peking duck entier pour deux. Il était excellent. Un thé Oolong délicieux nous a été servi pour accompagner ce plat. Addition très raisonnable.I had written a very long story...but whatever.
Long story short: the food (specifically the chicken) was terrible, the guy got my order wrong, and they overcharged me.
Remind me never to change my mind a split second before leaving the house. I should have trusted my "bad feeling about this" feeling.Let's just say I came here at 730pm on a Sunday.
Peking duck was OK.
Walnut, Shrimp, broccoli was the worst.
Walnut is not fresh. It is moist. Shrimp is NOT fresh. Its taste like it came from the microwave. It has a weird taste.
They accept cards but you have to fill out how much you want to pay for tips then they charge.  Its usually pre-authorized. In this case it is old technology.  Its is my first and last time coming to this restaurant. NEVER AGAIN!
I would visit other restaurant then coming here again. 
Oh BTW they love using microwave for cooking. I'm telling you its at the front. They use it continuously. How can you have a restaurant and selling bad tasting food, use the microwave and have it show off to the customers view. Restaurant is to have fresh food not microwave it!Note: I've never eaten at Wong Wong actual. I've only gotten take out from it. So I can't really comment on its service and atmosphere or anything like that. However, I have to say that I really love their barbeque and roasted stuff. Their roasted pig is definitely the tastiest roasted pig in Philly and comparable to the best roasted pig I've eaten in NYC. The portions for their rice plates are pretty big: I can only finish one of them if I'm really, really hungry and my parents usually have to split one between the two of them. Overall, I really like Wong Wong take out.Yes, this is the place in China Town for lunch. Ate there 3 times this summer, each time food and service was great. Nice easy location too. Yes the cooks have to eat too. So what?The peking duck is pretty amazing. Especially in those little pancake looking buns. Make sure you use the sauce, its awesome. I took a star off because like more places in Chinatown, the staff makes you feel rushed.The Peking duck with the tasty, doughy buns and scallions and sauce was utterly delicious. Coupled with wonton soup, Quail soup with herbs, and scallion pancakes, it was enough to stuff me and my date to the brim for under $30. It's utterly untrendy, and the C-pop playing in the background is perhaps not the best ambient noise, but the food was great, the service was quick, and the bathroom was not gross at all.Went to Chinatown for some lunch. We had beef w. chinese broccoli and peking duck. Ive never had peking duck before but now I want to try it somewhere else. The Chinese broccoli was perfectly cooked, but could have used some more flavor. Our appetizer of fried dumplings were really good too.
My only complaint was that our server refused to take a picture of my group for us. Although I did feel for the guy, he was serving all the customers, while all the other staff was eating at one of the tables.No need to add soy sauce....the food arrived heavy salted. Some dishes portions were small....maybe we ordered wrong.....wait...were Chinese! 
Not a good deal, but decent food and service. 
Clean but small restrooms.The food is delicious, but it is not as good as when they first opened. My favorite things here are the meats hanging by the window, wontons and dumplings, and anything with XO sauce and sate sauce. I once had a dish that was a seafood medley, but some of the seafood did not taste fresh. The servers are helpful and efficient.I live in Chinatown and this is my FAVORITE peking duck place. The fluffy buns blow my mind and always come out fresh and steaming. The duck is always flavorful with crispy skin and i'm literally salivating thinking about the sauce that goes with it. 
When I go there, we also usually order some veggie dish, and they are always good and fast. In particular, the mixed veggies with garlic sauce is surprisingly good. the sauce is tangy and more subtle than you get at many chinese place. 
This isn't a place to go if you want ambiance or fusion...its about having legit food. And a cool experience--once or twice I have been and seen them doing blessings over the duck and lighting intense in the small shrine on the wall.I came here with my boyfriend for lunch and was unimpressed. Perhaps it had to do with what we ordered, but I prefer other Chinatown restaurants for more authentic food. Granted, I did order fried rice, which seems to be Americanized everywhere. On the plus side, it was a huge portion that was more like two meals than one. I'd rather try other Chinatown restaurants than continue eating here though.I always order the combination plate with rice and roasted meats. The prices are decent and the food taste good. Service is quick and usually takes less than 10 minutes to prepare. The only problem is the credit limit that is set for purchases. Sometimes I forget to bring cash and I have to order $18 dollars worth of food to get my credit card running.This was my first Chinese place as an  Eat in here at Philly. Still fresh from Manila and freezing in the cold December frost we went to Wong Wong the name itself gives me a hint this may not be a good place to eat in not as happy sounding as Sang Kee!! but we were craving for Peking duck and it did not disappoint but everything else was not as inspiring ....Just go for the Peking Duck and Run!!!Cheap place to get some good food.  Food wasn't greasy it was light and fresh,  I got broccoli with chicken and garlic sauce.I went there with mg family on christmas day. I as for half of chicken and it was raw! It had blood everywere! when i told the waitress she said it was from the bone. Then i decided to take a picture of the chicken and tell the manager which give me ghe same excused. When i show her that i had a picture of it, she decide not to charge me the $7 for the chicken. Wtf really! Just because you know i was going to share my experience! Bad service! I wish i could upload the photo here! This was the second time that i go. The first time i went with my family again and just because not all of us were going to eat, after we order they just told us that why we dont take the order to go because it wasnt much! Really!!! I just cancel the order and we left. And still i dont know why i decide to give them a second chance. Shame on you....Located right in the heart of Chinatown. Wong Wong has the best Peking Duck in the city. Cooked to perfection and so moist and tasty. General Tso's chicken and shrimp, hot and sour soup, roast pork, and Chinese tea rounded out the meal. Lots of locals and service is quick.I really like this place. My parents usually get duck and chicken to go here. 
Today I actually sat down and ate with my friends. The price is very reasonable. I ordered the chicken pan fried noodles. Delicious. I would definitely come here again. The service was fast and the waiters were very friendly.They have an extensive menu. Got the beef with bitter melon. The dish was ready in about 5 minutes, very fast. The beef and sauce were delicious, the bitter melon was as good as you can expect for bitter melon. The portion was large, came out to almost $7 with tax. Peaceful and much better deal than Reading Terminal Market, also comes with a nice large pot of Jasmine tea. All the customers spoke Chinese, likely where the locals go. If I visit again, will be back.This a great Chinese restaurant for what you pay. Parking can be difficult but it's located in china town so that's common sense. What sticks out the most is the price you pay for food you get. I always leave here full and content. It's more of a diner setting, the service isn't the best but not a big deal. They take credit card or cash so that's always a plus.This is a very authentic Cantonese Chinese restaurant. We had sizzling eel in a casserole, wonton soup (shrimp), and beef lomain. The food is very fresh and yummy of course. I've been to Guangzhou where they mainly serve Cantonese food and I don't see much difference, but it'd save me a flight ticket. I will be back again for sure.Had the Peking Duck with the doughy buns scallions and sauce.
The duck was so good I got some to go. It was even delicious cold the next day.
Also had an order of pork with crispy skin and an order of salt and pepper fried beef. Both were delicious.
Service was friendly and quick.I've been here multiple times over the past few years. Outwardly, you can't distinguish this place between its neighbors. It has roasted meat hanging in the window for you to see but so do so many of the restaurants in Chinatown. While my dining neighbors have seem satisfied with their standard General Tsao's, triple delight, and fried rice, I look to the more authentic dishes to satisfy my palate.  I love the so-called casserole entrees. To be sure, they're not really casseroles but rather, are dishes stewed in sort of a small iron pot (although menu technically says clay pot), served piping hot with flavors melded together. The portion sizes are decent and those are usually $12-16.  Casserole entree-wise, I love the beef stew with dried bean curd and the diced chicken with eggplant and salted fish.  The salted fish has this slightly pungent smell I find wonderfully enticing but be aware that it might not be for everyone.  Certainly you'll have tons of leftovers if you're eating the casserole on your own.  The chicken with eggplant in the Poultry section is also really tasty.  If you're ordering for one person or aren't feeling the casseroles, try the hot rice dishes, which are just $5.50 and up.  I like the fillet grouper and pork chop peking style ones in particular.
FYI: They do accept credit card, but I believe there's a $15 minimum.  You'll be fine sans Chinese since the wait staff does speak some English but obviously if you have an available Chinese friend, that works even better.Les crevettes frites avec des vermicelles de riz accompagnés d'échalotes et d'ail également frits, poivre et sel étaient excellentes.
Le plat de nouilles avec une cuisse de canard laqué et quatre Dim Sum comme second plat tout à fait correct.
Les boissons offertes : une théière de thé Oolong et deux verres d'eau. Nous avons commandé deux Coca Cola car nous avions très soif.
L'addition pour deux personnes taxes et pourboires compris : 30 dollars.THIS REVIEW IS ONLY FOF THE FOOD. NOT THE SERVICE 
I'm not sure if it's the 2 hour drive from NY, but the food here is really good! I ordered a "guan chow ow haw" (dry fried noodle with beef), beef congee, roasted duck, and some veggies. 
I've grown up eating Chinese food from the Chinatown of NYC and there I thought I had the best Chinese food. But the texture to everything is perfect. Not too dry, not over/ undercooked. 
The service is kinda slow. They walk like a grandma with your food. (Or maybe I was just really hungry ...)Was hungry, but not starving so ordered shrimp fried rice. The portion, for $8.50, was huge!   It wasn't the best I've ever had but was okay.  The restaurant wasn't terribly busy for 6:30 on a Friday night - maybe only half of the tables filled.  Service was friendly enough and decent.I come here pretty frequently with my grandma and mum and it's consistently delicious! I usually get the same thing, char siew and roast duck with egg noodle soup or rice during lunch time. Perfect for a chilly winter lunch! You can also order half or whole duck/chicken/char siew and veggies for take out for pretty cheap. I think the food is comparable to M Kee but the staff are nicer and the restaurant is less crowded.Long time Chinatown Cantonese comfort food. Good deal on lunch rice platters with a variety of stir fry-authentic not suburbia takeout Items. Also extensive entrees for sharing- casseroles, stir fry dishes, roast meats. They post specialties on the wall but all in Chinese-better to include English translation. Those are the real deal no souI usually buy shrimp dumpling noodle soup to go. That set me back a mere 3 bucks and I have enough warmth and food in my tummy to brave the cold winds of Philly.This place has the best Chinese food in Chinatown. It's nothing fancy, and the service isn't anything special, but the food is amazing.
If you're looking for straight up Chinese food, not worrying about it being pretty or healthy, go here.  The Peking duck is the best in the city, better the. Sang kee or any other spot. Also, try the Salt and Pepper Pork Chop. It's righteous. 
If you plan on going close to closing time, expect to feel rushed out of there.  
But go, get a bunch of awesome stuff and kill it.Delicious Peking duck ,and a surprise with the steam buns rather than pancakes as I  had never had it this way.  
Service was fine , staff were polite and friendly. I was visiting so I will never be a regular but it is certainly a good choice in the Chinatown area.