Would you like a dance party with the perfect blend of dance music, hype atmosphere, and strong drinks? Would you like to actually dance with strangers and not be groped? 
I loved this place, it really took me by surprise. Some miscellaneous things: individual bathrooms are fairly clean, there is a downstairs area to chill without cover, the cover for the upstairs dance party is $10, bartenders are shirtless (yum), and its mainly gay men but they are all so sweet. I can't wait to go back.Came here on a Friday night after paying $10 to get into Rosewood which is technically connected to Woody's depending on who the promoter is. I was hella bored in Rosewood because everyone was too cute to dance so I dipped out and turned to corner to find the magnificent beast that is Woody's. Yes it's a gay bar and no I didn't care. Yes I danced with both men and women and yes I had a great time. So worth the second cover charge. If you're on the fence just go on a Friday night and you'll see what I mean.While I appreciate Woody's for being one of the more inclusive spaces for LGBTQ folks in the city (though there are still issues), I can't get past the horrible DJs. Some of their theme nights have quality music, such as Latin night, but even then, it's likely that the DJ will somehow manage to make it sound like an annoying, tasteless top 40 song. 
Come on the weekend and expect to feel like you're in a middle school auditorium. It's borderline offensive that they expect grown adults to enjoy the top 40 garbage remixes they play. The place has no class and no originality.I had a good time here. When I got there around 10:30 on a Saturday night, there wasn't a line but it was a nice crowd inside. The front bar was really crowded so I asked the bouncer if there was a bar in the back. He said yes, you are looking for Rosewood. I was just looking for another bar! However, it was less crowded back there and the DJ was playing some old school hip hop and R&B. It was a good time though. There isn't much of a dance floor but what little space was there people were making the most of. Drinks were $10. A little steep but they were strong.
I would definitely go back when in Philly!As you can probably tell my the number of girls who have written reviews, ladies seem to like Woody's. This leads to LOTS of groups of girls (with maybe one guy with them), especially upstairs dancing. We paid a 10 dollar cover for upstairs on a Friday only to find a dance floor not very crowded, with mostly women. It got fuller as the night went on, but still probably was more than 50% women on the dance floor. Counting the creepers off to the side who stand and ogle, perhaps it was majority men, but I have a hard time considering the top floor a gay bar.  That said, the top 40/normal gay music was good (if a little too loud), the staff nice, and drinks average priced.  I did like the lights and fog, too.
We were downstairs earlier in the night and it definitely had the more normal (and pleasant) local but popular gay bar vibe. Not being from Philly, I was shocked by how big all the guys are--why must your arms be the size of babies?! Because of the crowd, it was harder to get drinks and admittedly the bartender was less nice (because he was rushed). The crowd was a little older than what I expected.
Ultimately, I'd give upstairs a 3, downstairs a 4. I'd feel obligated to go back, but with some reservation.Woody's is probably the largest gay bar in Philly: it's got three or four different rooms and gets pretty packed at night (you won't miss it with all the people hanging out on the sidewalk). My boyfriend and I went there both nights that we were in town, and had a pretty good time. Lots of friendly people (though a slightly older crowd than at other places) and relatively cheap drinks: always a good combination. They have computers upstairs with free internet access (which I always find a bit weird in a bar... why would one want to come here to spend time online), and I was given a friendly reminder by some random dude at the bar not to give in to the temptation to check my email... "social suicide!", said he. There's also a dance floor upstairs, though you have to pay to get there on the weekend (wtf?!). Good place to mingle with the locals while getting your drink on.Once again Woody's decent sound system is cranked up so loudly it sounds like my old 93 EscortI was a little bit inebriated but from what I can remember this was great place to go out! The music was awesome, drinks were strong and cheap, and the crowd was fun. My friends and I went on a Friday night around 11ish and there was no line or cover. The area is nice too with tons of eateries and other bars nearby.Really fun place to dance on the weekend. I love how there are different rooms with different music genres playing. Came here during Gay Pride and it was packed with a great crowd.Due to a birth defect I was born with a limp and the geniuses at Woodys bar found it inappropriate to let me in. I guess having a limp would make their bar look bad no disabilities allowed such a disgrace ! I would advice everyone to pick a friendlier bar to go ton I never felt so offended.Going to woody's is like a bachelor-ett party while sisters is around the corner literary. Security is worse than being at the airport. The pure staff and make over and new management need improvement.  Owner woodys new place is classy at knock..so someone stole my coat at woody's.  The bouncer said that he saw someone take it and then he "guaranteed" that it had not been stolen.  When I asked where it was, he basically just wandered off rather than deal with us.I used to not like this place, but since the addition of the huge draft beer selection, I have changed my mind! Sure, it's your typical crowded gay bar, but it doesn't seem to attract nearly as many annoying twinks as place new iCandy, etc. You can actually go here and enjoy yourself with a good beer. However, paying to go upstairs is a waste of money. I think the only people who do that are old men trying to pick up young boys.Bartenders are hot. Many rooms to roam around in. It's literally my favorite place to go in the city. I know when I have guests visiting from out of town they're gonna love it and the HOT bartenders always give you something to look at.Me & My Husbear visiting to the city of brotherly love found ourselves at "Woodys".... We got there shortly after it opened to the public, 5pm that is....  Had drinks, no hard liquor yet... The space of Woodys overall is inviting and i could imagine what the bar would look like much later in the eves hours.  Staff on duty is friendly and follows up on you if you want a filler up. The outside seating areas you can look/gander at the people/cars going by.Woody's is a staple of Gayboorhood nightlife. The downstairs bar is great for happy hour with some of the best prices in the neighborhood. And when the weather is warm, the glass walls retract transforming the usually dark bar into a neat indoor/outdoor space. 
On weekends, the downstairs bar gets packed and is always a good time, but the club upstairs can be hit or miss. I mostly only bother paying the cover to go upstairs on special occasions - like Halloween or Pride.Gay line dancing. A lot of lesbian groups, too. Had the feeling of a college pickup bar.They had the window panes out on a cold evening. We had the same experience as Kurt H. with the tables being taken away "in case it got busy"  The drinks are strong and tasty. For the downstairs area, they give the general impression that they want you to come, spend some money, then move along to another place.I finally decided to go to woodys this weekend! So I came here on a Saturday night with some friends! The music to start with is REALLY good! I love the songs selections and downstairs there was two DJ's with two different styles which was pretty cool! Then we went upstairs to dance, there was a 10 dollars cover charge so I was hoping it is THAT good. Really good music and even if you're sober you would dance to it!Woody's would've gotten one star if it wasn't for 3 reasons:
1-The chef who moved the food towards the Italian side is great.  You get good food for a great price.  The loaded fries are always great, with lots of nice crispy bacon, and always perfectly cooked fries.  The Eggplant Benedict for Sunday brunch is awesome, lightly breadded and tasty eggplant, perfectly poached eggs, served on garlic toast.  Yummy!
2-Austin, the bartender, is one of the most pleasant bartenders in Philly.  He can handle the off customer without being rude, and is always serving your drink with a smile.  He can handle a mobbed bar without breaking a sweat, and always manages to get to your order quickly.
3-The nice older bartender with the glasses and the mustache who works days (sorry I forget your name!)  Always pleasant, and always full of funny stories.  
If it wasn't for these factors, Woody's would get one star.  The bathroom perpetually smells like nursing home urine, the rest of the bartending staff are rude, especially the one muscle queen with the crewcut that isn't Austin.
On a side note, I am happy to hear that they recently hired another great bartender from the area, Anthony.  With that addition, maybe the rest of the staff won't seem like such jerksQuick and dirty: come on over any day of the week because something is always going on. We were in town for a conferences and swung by both nights we were there. The environment is very friendly and open, drinks are relatively inexpensive, and if you want some serious dancing, head on upstairs. Woody's is also great for large groups, and our whole team had a blast.Great bar during the day if you just want a place to relax and have a cheap drink and watch the game. It's a nightmare on the weekends. The bouncers must literally be recruited from pirate ships and look like they spend most of the day sniffing glue. I'm not sure I've ever met a bouncer I like but here they are particularly reprehensible.Meh.  
When I first moved here, this was my regular spot...because, I mean, is Woody's...where else would I go?  In the nine months since, I have moved on to better things.  ICandy has better/cheaper drinks, friendlier bartenders, and just as good of a dancefloor.  Westbury has a better/cheaper beer selection.
Haven't been here in a few months now.  With so many better bars in the area, there's just no reason to go here.Gross.   Loud 
Really bad service.   Bartenders were more interested in catching up with friends.    Later a few guys in underwear walked around with trays of cheap shots.   If you did not buy one they tried to talk you in to going upstairs later for a strip show and lap dance.  The whole place made me re-think Philadelphia      So so so gross.Woody's is a must go to in the Gayborhood. The $5 cover to get on the dance floor is kind of annoying on top of the overpriced, mediocre drinks. BUT the atmosphere and the patrons are always super fun. I can honestly say I've never had a bad time here. If you don't like big crowds, you might want to stay away on weekend nights. Music is your typlical club music. Brit, Gaga etc etc.Whats not to love about the place?
Drinks are strong and fairly priced. Happy hour is awesome.  The crowd is dependably gay and friendly. Its a must-visit when in the area. Great for pre-game, post-game, or just being the game! Mad love for Woodys.This used to be a good bar/club, but the new owners got too greedy and turned it into an overpacked straight-girl-central money making machine.  The bouncers and staff are unnecessarily strict, rude, and racist.
I live in the neighborhood and get really annoyed at how they practically take over the entire corner of 13th and Walnut on weekend nights and will yell at you if you try to walk on the sidewalk - which I thought was a public space for, you know, walking...
I used to love coming here but after a few disappointing experiences, I have no desire to return. All I can say to both the business owners and their customers is, good luck!This is a sprawling go-to bar attracting a mixed crowd. Drinks are standard prices but poured with a heavy hand. Get here early in the evening for chats with friends or come later to turn up.I went to Woody's last night and was denied entry because my real ID was accused of being a fake (even though I had been there the night before and gotten in with the exact same ID). The reason why my ID appeared fake was because previously at Voyeur (a sister company of Woody's) they thought my ID was fake and bent it so severely that my ID is permanently bent. At Woody's, they told me the lamination bubbled when they bent it, which is a sign of a fake. It probably bubbles because it was literally bent in half at Voyeur! However, at least at Voyeur, they eventually went to scan my ID and let me in for free. At Woody's, they refused to scan it or accept the other forms of ID I had on me. Why I would have a fake that has the "not 21 until" line on it makes no sense, and typically fake IDs list you as being several years over 21, whereas I am 22 so that is obviously what my ID says. I was able to tell them my address, name, etc. multiple times. I had credit cards, my student ID, my social security card, and a picture of my passport on me, but none of those were good enough. The bouncer (and apparently manager??) said I had to physically bring my passport if I wanted to be let in. So I did! I went all the way back home and brought my passport (which probably wasn't worth it but it was Pride and I wanted to celebrate!). I was able to skip the line but I still had to pay the $15 cover. Thanks for basically ruining our night and forcing me to have to pay for a new ID when my current one doesn't expire for several more years! I don't know why an ID from an adjacent state (Ohio) causes so many problems at only these two bars - I am never accused of having a fake anywhere else. Get it together!I went to Woody's today, for St. Patrick's Day, and was treated horribly by staff. I am a regular customer and usually come to Woody's on the weekends with friends. I have enjoyed the environment for years, but today took a turn for the worst. I was disrespected and kicked out by a bartender because I wanted to change my drink order. UNPROFESSIONAL and NOT CUSTOMER FRIENDLY. Shame on you Woody's. I will NEVER step foot inside of there again and I suggest anyone reading this do the same. And they're lucky they won't receive a class action lawsuit. YES that's how bad it was. Overpriced drinks, disrespectful employees, and no customer service equals a bad time. DO NOT GO TO WOODY'S.I used to go to Woody's on Wednesdays during their 18+ nights back in my college days and would have a decently good time.  The door cover was a bit steep, but hey, I was in college so everything outside of free was a bit steep.  The staff and doormen were friendly, and the general vibe had far less attitude than your average gay bar.  Surprisingly for an 18+ night, there weren't too many creepy old men leering at the pretty young things dancing.  The music was your standard club fare, thankfully less heavy on the house stuff.Woody's has really come a long way since I first starting coming here about 3 years ago. I love the new layout. I love that the downstairs is basically a cozy neighborhood beer bar and not just a meat market. The way the downstairs was before was such a weird amalgamation of things with basically 2 separate bar areas (one room catered to more of the older crowd, the other room, the young college scene) and I know they used to serve food in a small area on the opposite side of the bar near the coat check. But now the whole first floor has been opened up into one giant pub space that is gorgeous, airy and spacious. They also serve dinner & brunch now as well. And a whopping 32 beers on tap - Hello!? What other gay bar do you know of that can boast that? 
I only wish that the upstairs bars had a better beer selection. No taps in the club & your bottle selection is limited to Yuengling, Miller Lite, Bud Lite, Corona. The music is always great, though. It's just a fun, warm environment that can either be a great place to start or end your night. They do a lot of themed nights and Happy Hour during the week too. (Drag shows, CD release parties, etc)
NB: Ladies, sometimes it can be a little hard to get the attention of the bartenders if you're not a hot, gay man in a v-neck but hey, at least there's never a long wait for the restroom!THIS WAS SO MUCH FUN! Went on a weekday for a friends birthday and it was such a great night. Good drink specials (wish I could remember them lol) and a great DJ. For a weekday the dance floor was . Would definitely recommend for a fun night out!Whenever I'm at Woody's it always seems to be either a pleasantly awkward experience or a pleasantly awkward experience that I'm too drunk to remember.
The downstairs bar seems to pull a slightly older, less dance-y crowd on busy nights. Of course, this comes with men old enough to be my grandfather doing their fair share of ass-grabbing and eye-making at the younger patrons. Upstairs can get packed but usually not intolerable, since the dance floor pulls a large crowd. I've never had a problem getting a drink at any of the bars here -- the bartenders are always on top of their game. The drinks are the strongest I've ever had -- which can be both good and bad. I certainly feel like I'm getting my money's worth, since I've paid between $7 and $8 for a well drink here. Certainly not easy on the wallet -- also, they only take cash, like our friend Tavern on Camac. Thankfully, they have an ATM that might very well need a hand crank to operate it downstairs for your convenience.
The dance floor is really only packed on Wednesdays and weekend nights. Wednesdays are "college night" so the dance floor is filled with 18-20 year olds and the men who love them. It's no shock that you have to be drunk before you get to the dance floor -- underage kids drink before they get there, and the 21+ crowd makes sure they're good and liquored-up before they leave the bar area. It's really the only way to tollerate the crowd.
The go-go boys are nice eye-candy, but have that "oh come on now" quality to them...awkward dancing, stuffed thongs and most of them are clearly straight and cringing at the naive drunk guys trying to take them home. A bit skeevy, too - I once experienced a go-go dancer in the crowded bathroom offer a flash of his junk to anyone willing to tip him $20...I know you gotta' make that money, boo, but really?!
My suggestion is get drunk someplace cheaper first, then go so plastered you won't care who's dancing with you. 
Also, I've never eaten at the restaurant. Quite frankly, the last thing I want to think about while eating is the debauchery that goes on elsewhere in the building.Aside from the poor service and wait time for drinks, Woody's redeemed its reputation with its dance scene upstairs. If you do head into Woody's, I'd suggest that you substitute your cocktail for dancing with the lively bar-goers, it makes all the difference.This is a hard-on(e) to describe. I was in Philly for a convention. My prospective client "dragged" me to Woody's. We had a ball (or two) on the dance floor. 
Let's just say it was hilarious. There were a lot of out of place convention goers. 
Back to the closet ... in case you ever left it. 
Great place, but not for me. Sorry ...Too overcrowded and small drinks plus too many straight women!  Bathrooms generally require you to wait while who ever is having sex finishes first so you can then peefine big gay bar, though i'm always surprised to see guys there surfing manhunt, shouldn't they be cruising instead?This place has really deteriorated since its heyday.  It used to be a place where gay people of any age could gather and feel comfortable.   Now, you better be under 30 and prepared for a bunch of shrieking straight girls and their boyfriends who do not watch where they are going and walk or dance right into you while bad music is played.   And the bartenders ignore you if they are not your friend already.   This place no longer deserves the reputation it once had as the center of gay nightlife.  In fact, I'd barely even call it a gay bar anymore.Woodys has a bad rep for the unresponsive bartenders and their crappy bouncers. It's been going on for as long as I can remember hence the reason why my 1 time experience there was enough. 
On the night of the Pulse For Orlando event, the Philadelphia Police had the Gayborhood blocked off so we could party and raise money for a great cause. Woodys had the sidewalk and street in front of their establishment blocked off. My Lyft driver, not able to get me to Tabu dropped me off on the corner where Woodys is. No issues walking to my destination. As I was walking through the blocked off section of the street I got stopped very rudely and aggressively by one of the African American male bouncers. He demanded I show my I.D. and made me hand over my purse so he could go through it. Mind you I told him I'm just walking through so I can get to another location. He didn't care. He was rude, aggressive and condescending and tossed my purse back at me. 
As a gay African American female you come expect that kind of treatment from Philly PD not another member of your own community and at an establishment that serves the LGBT community. Just another reason why I will never patronize Woodys ever again.My first nigh out in Philly I was told to go to Woodys. I had a nice time. Bartender named Ryan made perfects cocktails. All the staff that I spoke to were very kind and polite. Not my usual scene, but I'd go here again.This is a cute bar. We usually make the 25 min drive into town to visit here. We haven't been on a night where the room in the back is open. But 2nd floor is a lot of fun too.as a straight guy I liked the place.  Women were present, so i found myself talking to some nice young ladies.   Just a little disappointed though not one guy hit on me.  I mean I look ok, just figure it would help my self esteem a littleIt's the old standby you constantly bitch about but always go back to.  Beers are much cheaper than DC gay bars, and the crowd is definitely not as clean cut (not necessarily a criticism, just an observation).I went to Woody's on a Wednesday night to dance. Loved that it was a really lively, fun spot on a Wednesday night. Crowd was great music was good. Definitely a Wednesday night spot id go back to.This was my first time here and I liked all the different vibes in each room and even tho it was PACKED there wasn't a long wait for drinks. My big thing was how dirty it was. Stairwells smelled like piss and someone threw up on me. Walking out with the lights on I saw throw up everywhere. I wish there was more of a presence to get people out of there who are sick.So much fun! Great service, awesome music, extremely good looking guys and no creepers! Reasonably priced drinks and the bartenders were super attentive. The night we went, it was a dance contest and i dunno if it was a rule, but each contestant made it into a strip show. Loved it - so fun. Go.I can't give this place anything more than 3 stars.  I use to go to this place about 20 years ago, and it is NOTHING like it was.  The bartenders use to be friendly, and the drinks were affordable.  Now they are quite expensive and most of the employees I spoke to were straight.  Explains a lot.Super cheesy and obviously a huge meat market.
Good for dancing, and nights you are really trying to go out, dance and get a little outta hand. 
Woody's drinks in my experience have been extremely strong and harsh, those bartenders are not playing around, everyone seems so attractive and nice after about 3. Come for cheap happy hour, on Sundays for 80 cent drinks and 80's music, or Wednesday for underage night.free drinks? CHECK.. no cover for me and my friends to get on the dancefloor? CHECK! being straight with 2 gay guys on what was obviously a gay dude night and being the only one to get hit on ? CHECK! 
It's fun.. and crazy and men dancing in tiny little speedos hahaha awesome! I however would not pay to get on the dancefloor.. but I mean whatever.Very cool bar!  We could tell there were a lot of regulars that go there (they were carrying on having a good time).  Bartender was very friendly and made very tasty strong drinks.  Definitely would go again.This place is no longer the venerable gay bar that it was when it was owned by Mr. Woods. The current owners have transformed it into a Chuck-E-Cheese for obnoxious bachelorette parties.I met up with some old friends who told me this is one of the best and the oldest gay clubs in Philly and I disagree after my  first and only visit. It felt more like a straight club  and the gays are being outcast. I have visit  UK, Canada ,New York ,Atlanta , DC when you go into a gay club That's what the management and the owners is advertising. This particular club is geared to the  straight  community but advertises in Philadelphia gay newspaper and on gay social sites I am totally confused.   I am not psychic miss Cleo or psychic miss Sylvia Browne ...During my yearlong residence in the city of brotherly love, I have sought out my nightlife adventures elsewhere. Being from NYC, theirs something quite disappointing about having clubs and bars close at 2am. I mean where I'm from that's when the party is in full swing. 
However, this past weekend I decided to give it a go. After reading some reviews on Woody's it seemed like just the place to spread my wings. 
We got there before 11. No cover charge to get in and no wait either- yay!! We mellowed out with a drink on the first floor, as I surprised him with the fact that this was in fact a notorious gay club within the Gayborhood.  He made sure to not let go of my hand for a while LOL . Within 20 minutes or so I see a long line forming for those trying to get upstairs. That line alone suggested it was well worth the $10 they were charging for entry.  
So we decide to check it out. OMG... So glad we did. For starters it was a lot cooler up there on an uncomfortably warm night... Drinks were noticeably stronger as well.  Plus they have smoke machines and stripper poles. Double win!! By the end of the night my shy guy was ready to take a go on one of those poles and enjoy the twirling lights all on his own. Definitely a night I won't soon forget. Thanks Woody's!!!As said by many reviewers below, the bouncers in this place are inept bullies and not fit to be dealing with customers. I was standing yesterday on the sidewalk, not a client of them but a resident of Philadelphia, *outside* the little fence they erect on their whim to spillover onto the sidewalk, when one of the bullies approached me and asked me to move onto the street - as in, where the cars drive. I had been here before but had no intention of going in - the stench of vomit is distinctive. I was waiting for a friend to come out. 
The other bouncer appears and yelps "my man what's the problem", gesticulating towards me.  more incredulous than anything else I tell him, genuinely, there IS no problem because I'm standing on the public sidewalk, the one people walk on every day. He replies that I have to move because Woody's owns (sic) the sidewalk ... !?!? up until the end of the locale? I try to explain to him that he was being ridiculous, that the city owns the sidewalk, which is public by definition, and he insists that the club owns that space. He was getting increasingly agitated as his bullying sidekick egged him on from behind telling him to tell me to go right onto the street. I left as they sniggered and mumbled to each other.
This is borderline illegal behaviour, and I'm not even referring to the bullying.Great place on the week days, weekends are good but insanely busy. Depending on the event it is hard to even get in. Service is always great, good music too. We went in there with a good mix of guys and girls, gay and straight, and we were all treated the same as everyone else and had a blast.First time I went to Woody's was when MSTRKRFT was spinning and it was a cool place with shirtless  bartenders.  The 2nd, 3rd, and 4th time I went with my gay friend and it was a cool place with shirtless bartenders.  
Drinks are expensive.  The company, fun.  Potential to meet everyone in the gayborhood, high.  
The first floor is where you go to get drinks and mingle, but if you like to dance your rear-end off, the second floor is THE PLACE to be.  Everyone is uber-friendly and loves dancing.  Downside is that  you have to pay cover to get onto the dance floor.  I kinda just move with the ebb and flow of the place.  Chill out on the first floor, then move up to the 2nd floor bar outside of the dance floor area and chat it up with new friends and finally, pay cover to get onto the dance floor.  Afterwards, everyone heads over to the Midtown diner.  
An all around good time that I can only do about once a month (if even) because too much fun in one night = hangovers the next day.Fun place with a couple friendly staff members, and a couple who are less than friendly. I get that the bar is in a hoppin' part of town, but when I was told my drink was 10 bucks, I nearly fell off my bar stool. SOBER. 10 bucks for 1 cocktail is insane, considering the bar at my hotel was CHEAPER! (1 dollar cheaper, but whatever. My Jew ass would rather spend 10 with tip than 11. No? 
DJ price was playing amazing music, and the songs are accompanied by their original videos that you can watch on all the tv's they have there. It's a cool place, but I went somewhere else to spend less money after my second drink. 22 bucks gone. Boo.Woody's is ok. There's nothing terribly special about it.
The problem is that it's the only really big gay bar in Philly (althoyugh 12th Air is kind of big in a weird way). So the gays are all kind of forced to go there and have gotten used to it.
From what I hear, the owner has somewhat selfishly and greedily elbowed out any competition from potential new gay bars which is sad.
Having lived in Philly for many years and now living in SF, it is clear that Philly really does need some diversity in its gay night life.
(sigh)
But admittedly, this is where I end up usually because no one wants to go anywhere else.Since the renovation, I would no longer call Woody's a gay bar. I would call it gay-esque. The bar downstairs is great. The large beer selection makes it acceptable for straight men to make a trip to the gayborhood. You also have the option of really strong drinks. Almost too strong. Shh. I didn't say that. 
The upstairs bar has no taps anymore, but is now a dance floor, and it was really fun on a Thursday night. There were a lot of straight people, hence why I think Woody's is now more straight friendly. 
I haven't been to the main dance floor yet or tried the food, but maybe soon. 
Also, make sure you go to the downstairs bathroom. The hand dryers are amazing. Seriously.I regret to say Woody's didn't live up to the hype I had heard about it, unfortunately.  Came in with 2 friends on a Friday night but it really wasn't as hoppin' as I expected it to be.  Decent selection of drinks at the bar and a cafe in the back but didn't get any food.   That being said, we didn't stick around long, even though we did meet some cool people.  I might possibly be back, but with hopes that it'll be more social.Woody's stopped being appealing when I turned 22. 
The craziest night at Woody's tends to be Wednesday - College Night! The Under-21's enter through a side door that leads directly upstairs to the dance floor - which is usually PACKED. I mean sweaty, bumpy, crazy packed. And not just packed with queer kids - there are usually a lot of straight kids too. It's impossible to get a drink, it's impossible to not get spilled on, and it's impossible to find a spot on the dance floor. On the one hand, it's an ego-booster because you're guaranteed to get hit on 5 or 6 times in a night (just because there are so many people there!) ....on the other hand, you may not wanna get hit on by the people you get hit on, and in a sweaty crazy-crowded room there's not too much you can do about it. Go with a big group of friends! Friends make it fun, and friends can be bodyguards too. 
If you are 21 (I was very excited to finally turn 21!) you get to cross the dance floor and go down the other staircase that leads to the bar downstairs. But sadly, the bar's not that much fun. Usually pretty empty, or even if it's full, not too friendly. 
Overall, I have three things to say about Wednsday at Woody's: I wish it were gayer, I wish it were less like a frat party, and I wish it were less sketchy. (Although when I'm over 21 and surrounded by sweaty college kids, I feel pretty sketchy myself!)I asked for a specific kind of drink and it took 3 other bartenders to try their best to make it and they still made the drink wrong. Bartenders need to all be trained or more experienced. Not being satisfied with the drink, I refused to pay for it, and an hour later I asked for a different drink and the bartender refused to serve me because I refused to drink the drink I never asked for. Horrible bar tending staff.Over priced drinks, conceited bartenders who swear they have better things to do, racist security, latin nights and weekends way too packed, bad if you have public anxiety.Came here on a Tuesday so it was dead, but we wanted to get some drinks. The only part open was the downstairs which looked nice. The bartender was nice and made sure we were helped immediately. I thought the drinks were a bit overpriced ($20 for 2 vodka crans) and not that strong. I would go here again but maybe when it's a bit more lively and it's worth spending the money on drinks.Woody's has one of the best dancefloors in the city, and the recent change of ownership has brought a new energy to the place.  There is a friendly vibe, and you can really find anything  you want.  The pub and main bars are for drinking and chatting, or you can Yelp at one of the computers upstairs in the cyber bar!  For picky drinkers, stick with the lower level bars - the more "veteran" bartenders work down there - they know how to make anything!  Plus you can order yummy bar food too - we all know what happens after a few strong drinks on an empty stomach!
As far as the dance bar goes, there is a latin night, country/western night, and 18+ night.  Fridays and Saturdays are packed with locals and tourists alike, and HOT strippers!
Enjoy!After a nearly unanimous vote from our group, me, my girlfriend, and our 20 person group of friends, boyfriends, and girlfriends walked to Woody's. Most of us were happy with the decision, but many did not want to go dancing upstairs and were set on staying at the downstairs bar area. When we got there, was no line even though we arrived 11:00 on a Saturday night. The bouncers at the front door were friendly and greeted us respectfully.
We started downstairs as we were sober, intended to keep it that way. The bartender was attentive and nice, but the bar was expensive; a rum and coke for my girlfriend plus a Yuengling for me came to $13. I also saw my friend's Corona was $6. This is all before tip. Our massive group was split into pieces, with the group of 4 that I came with huddled in a corner. A staff member approached us and asked if we wanted to go upstairs. We all awkwardly declined as it was $10 a head and we weren't in a dancing mood (we never actually are). The staff member asked if we were ever upstairs before and we all shook our heads. He said, "give it a shot then" and gave the 5 of us wristbands for free entry upstairs. Telling the rest of our clearly not "very important people" friends that we were going upstairs for a bit, we headed up.
There are two dance floors upstairs. The smaller one had more hip-hop songs with poles to dance on, while the bigger one had an elevated dancefloor with an amazing club light display and fog machine. Dancing requires alcohol though, so we got some shots from one of the shirtless bartenders in the boxer briefs. We started with shots of "Grape Gatorade" at $10 each and then "Waffle Shots," which the bartender respectfully asked us what was in it and then made it for us (rather than telling us to order something else). I also wondered if the upstairs bars were more expensive, making our wristbands a form of bait and switch, but we had much more fun upstairs and stayed there nearly the entire time.
We had a blast dancing, and several of our friends trickled upstairs to dance with us. Everyone upstairs was having a great time; I even elbowed a girl in the face and after apologizing for my out of control dancing elbows, her and her boyfriend laughed it off. The crowd was fun, but as others have posted, it was 40% girls and 60% guys (40% which were straight like 90% of our group). Ignoring the 4th grade math problem I shamefully posed, if I was gay and looking for an exclusive gay club, I would be disappointed. 
My only complaints are the bathrooms, which are unisex. In theory, they were meant for gay men and women to pee together, but as I stated earlier, girls actually have to share the bathroom with drunk straight guys too. Also, we tried going back downstairs around 1:30am but rude bouncers told us to go the other way. When we came to the "other way," a ruder bouncer yelled to go the "other way out." What Dumb and Dumber actually meant was, "follow the exit signs out of the building," which I determined after asking Dumber some critical thinking questions. This is done to prevent crowds flowing back downstairs, but if I was drunker, I'd have no idea how to get out. Also, Woody's is expensive. We spent about $135 for 7 shots, 2 rum and cokes, and a beer. 
tl;dr Woody's is a fun time dancing with a good crowd mixed with heterosexual and homosexual guys and gals. It's also expensive, so pre-game first!I had a great time 
Here with my gay AND straight friends
Good music-good drinksI was in Philly over the weekend and my friend suggested we go here. Apparently this place was recently renovated and the space still smelled like sawdust. The bartenders were very entertaining, especially one with spiky blond hair who seem to be high on life. They had a good beer selection and the drinks were strong. It's a gay bar but I did not feel out of place and had plenty of friendly people just come up and start talking to me. They had a unisex bathroom which was a bit creepy. There are also these shot guys walking around in their underwear. Overall a very entertaining spot.  I would go return the only downside to going out in Philly is that all bars close at 2am.Thank you to Woody's not only for the great night out in the downstairs bar and the surprisingly large dance space upstairs, but I enjoyed myself a little TOO much and left my prescription sunglasses there, and not only did they find them and hold on to them in case someone called, but they were kind enough to ship them back to me in New York! Great times and great customer service...not something I can say for a lot of nightclubs!Prior to last Friday night (4.8.16), my wife and I had been to Woody's on a couple of occasions to go line dancing, and both times, we had a positive experience. 
This time was a little different, as we'd be bringing people with us, one of whom had never before been to a gay club. 
Well, I have to say - it definitely, much like our previous visits, we were not disappointed. 
I'll start with the DJs not only did they play great music, but they were very much in control of their floor and enforced dance etiquette, something that is severely lacking in too many line dance places.
The layout - the main floor is relatively small, but the overall configuration provides lots of - I'll say - foul territory so that if you want to try and practice the moves off to the side, where you have a bit more room, you can do that comfortably. And while there are relatively few stools and tables, that's fine. There is plenty of other seating around. 
The people - this was the best part, in my opinion. Perhaps it's the fact that we were there in a line dance night, or because it was relatively early, but it all added up to an atmosphere that was pretty chill and very welcoming. It didn't hurt that the ladies I brought with me are all very good dancers, something that didn't escape the notice of the DJS and the other patrons. It created a nice little bond between our group and the rest of the crowd. 
Other - As I mentioned before, for our one friend, it was the first time she had ever been to a gay establishment, and Woody's provided a great introduction and was the perfect example of what a nice night out should be. It was even nice that there is a very good way of telling when line dancing ends and - whatever follows it begins, so we knew exactly to move on to the next part of our evening. 
We'll be back again, and we'll bring some more first-timers...Woody's is a gay cultural institution in Philadelphia.  I knew of Woody's long before ever moving here and any time I talk to another gay person about Philadelphia it inevitably comes up, "Have you been to Woody's??"  Today there are a lot of competing gay dance bars and that's fantastic, but I still will always have a place in my heart for Woody's.  Last night some co-workers were having a happy hour for a departing colleague at Sampan, down the street.  Sampan was noisy and ultra-crowded and refused to reserve a table for our group.  We decided to leave and we went to Woody's instead.  There was so much open space for us and delicious (and inexpensive) Mexican food from the place next door that you could order through Woody's bar.  What a cool idea!  Drinks were extremely reasonably price and it wasn't so loud that we couldn't talk with one another.   I really like the dance floor area upstairs, although music is a little bit hit or miss.  I've had some really great music nights at Woody's and other times when it's the dreaded techno remixes of top 40 songs.  Last night we went up early--at like 7p and there all these absolutely adorable couples doing the waltz to modern music.  It was very cute but not exactly the bump and grind dance floor that it turns into later in the evening.  Woody's perhaps is not the "hippest" gay dance club in town and I feel like it attracts a slightly older crowd but I like that about it.  It's a great place for Happy Hour or for some serious dancing later in the night.Why is there a cover for upstairs?  Also, make sure to line up military style out front.  Any deviation from protocol and the bouncers will label you unfit to enter.I didn't go to the dance floor, it had a cover charge.
I did enjoy sitting on the first floor and watching all the different folks mingle about.  This place truly brings the entire mix of gay culture.  Some bars attract the young and tight-shirted, some only attract the older and cane-carrying, yet Woody's seems to draw all ages, shapes, and types.  Interesting and pretty relaxed, I'd go back.Hands down one of the best/bizarre nights I had in Philadelphia back in 1999. Most of the evening took place here, and as Seth and I stumbled up those steps, we knew we were in for a treat. I went to college with this guy, never had any classes with him, but we knew mutual friends so I suppose we were destined to hang out at least once in our lives.
There was no cover this evening, and we headed straight for the dance floor. Normally not a dancer, it was dark and crowded enough where nobody was in danger of seeing our terrible moves, and we had a blast. Of course the one thing I enjoyed was not having to wait in line for the bathroom, since the men easily outnumbered the women at this time. Everyone was really friendly, bartenders and bouncers included, but I just recall random people waiting at the bar with you saying 'hi' just because. It was nice to be in that kind of atmosphere, and you weren't creeped out like you would be at other places.
Ended up meeting someone named 'Aaron/Erin' during one of our embarrassing dance sessions, and we ended up dragging this poor new person out with us to a restaurant nearby after our Woody's fun. I don't remember what the name of this 2nd place was, but I do remember the continuation of laughter and smiles. We never found out if Aaron/Erin was male or female, but if you think about it...did it really matter?
I went back to crash at Seth's pad around 5am, and we promised each other we would do this again. Sadly, that never happened, but I'm glad I remember this much of an ultra fun night with good people. 
Also agree with what user Natasha S. said about the diversity throughout this place. Aaron/Erin, Seth and I resembled a Benetton ad-that ended up on the cutting room floor-sitting around afterwards. And I would do it again in a heartbeat, even in my old age. 
Glad to see Woody's is still up and running over 10+ years later!This place was fun. Good happy hour specials. Not the best service in the world but not terrible either. Fun place to stop for a drink.I've been here three times over the past 12 years and its interesting to see an excerpt of who they are from then until now.  The first time was in 2000, the last time was in 2012.  They are certainly different from the days of closed-in secretive clubbing and cigarette smoking to open-to-the-street-doors with no smoking and fresh interiors.  Yeah so there are beer signs on the brick walls inside and etc - - and I too mourn the days of old -- but whatever, you can't have it both ways.  Its worth going to.This bar is very commercialized.  This is not the BEST GAY BAR in philly but it is one of the originals.  The bartenders are not very friendly.  But some of the patrons are the friendliest!  I met some new friends there and they are great!
Food is pretty good and the drinks are LOADED!  Expect to pay the price for the drinks.  I would stick with the cocktails.  Get your money's worth.I want to give Woody's a higher rating because we actually had a great time once inside, but the experience outside with the bouncer was miserable and an awful first impression that stuck with me. 
My friend and I arrived shortly after 11. There was no line so we were able to walk right up to the door. There were two bouncers, so we each handed our IDs over. My guy was friendly and was joking around, and told me to go ahead in and have a great night. At the same time, I heard the other bouncer say "yeah he can go in, but not her" (referring to my friend). We assumed he was also kidding around, and we actually laughed for a second until we realized he was serious. We asked why, and his answer was that my friend "snatched" her ID back from him and that he did not like it. I'm serious. 
Keep in mind we weren't drunk. We weren't being rowdy. My friend simply took her ID back in a way that he (apparently) didn't like. We still don't know what he even meant, because she didn't take her ID back in any way that would seem aggressive to any reasonable person. I understand that it's a bouncer's job to weed out those who are belligerent or too drunk in order to keep the other patrons safe and maintain order, however this was the most ridiculous thing I had ever heard when entering a bar/club. We waited for a few minutes in disbelief, thinking that MAYBE he actually was joking and was  taking it a little too far. After about ten minutes of standing there and figuring out what to do/where to go next, the bouncer told us we were free to enter. There was no explanation of why he suddenly changed his mind, and certainly no apology for making us wait in the freezing cold for no reason. I can only assume that maybe he came to realize we actually were fine, given how calm we were during the situation.
Anyway--whatever. We went inside and proceeded to have a good time. A nice, spacious bar downstairs (with an overall relaxed atmosphere) and a coat check, which is always convenient. We proceeded upstairs to find two large dance areas. One of them played popular dance music, and we had a great time dancing among the large crowd. 
The other room was a little more reminiscent of a club, with house music and lights. Although later on when we ventured back over, salsa music was playing... it was a pretty odd switch.
Overall seems like a fun spot, but they could certainly get it together a little better at the door.Pretty much THE staple gay bar/club in Philadelphia, Woody's never seems to disappoint in providing a fun and very interesting night. This place gets absolutely packed on Friday and Saturday nights, both downstairs in the bar and upstairs on the dance floor. It is very much a gay pretty boy bar with your expected amount of straight girl tag-alongs. 
The first floor features a long oval bar with video screens playing music videos and is basically just a bar. Usually by 1am it gets so packed downstairs its hard to move. The drinks are kind of pricey and nothing special, but thats why you mostly pre-game before going here. Upstairs (cover of $10 before 1:30am) are the dance floors. The main and biggest dance floor plays Top 40 remixes and some EDM, with lots of great lighting and fog effects. The usual DJ on the main floor is awesome and knows how to keep the energy high. Theres also two bars at either end. The second dance floor is a smaller room that plays mostly Hip-Hop/R&B and has a smaller bar and a couple dancing poles for those so inclined. If you are willing to wait till 1:30 to start dancing, they open up the upstairs dance floor for free and it becomes a giant (if unintentional) grind fest because of so many people on the dance floor. Though if you choose to go this route you will only have a half hour to dance as it closes at 2am (stupid state laws). 
Woody's is definitely my favorite bar in Philly.I feel compelled to write an update after spending some time in Philly and figuring things out. The fact is that Woody's is pretty much the heart of gay nightlife in Philly. It's an automatic stop on any night of bar-crawling and, often, the only destination of the night. The nightly themes and events mean that there's always something different going on, to keep things interesting. 
The drinks are strong and cheap, the staff is wonderfully friendly, and even the food is pretty damn good. I love places who transition so seamlessly from brunch spot to mid-day restaurant/bar to nightclub, and Woody's does it splendidly.
And, perhaps more importantly of all, it's just where everyone is. If you want to see familiar faces (or new ones), Woody's is a great bet. I never fail to run into someone I know, and I always wind up talking to great new people.