That first bite was unexpected with that PUNCH OF FLAVORRRRR! It was amazing! Next time we visit we will most definitely be coming back here.Best cheesesteaks in my opinion, they specialize in sandwiches. Small place but great service and great food!!!Great sandwiches here. Fries are ok nothing spectacular. 
Cheesesteak and coffee shortrib are really good. So is the turkey sandwich, except for the roll. The sandwich is almost perfection, but that multigrain roll is HORRENDOUS.  -1 star for carrying that roll.This place is killing it, everything is so damn good.  I've been working through their menu, and have yet to find anything that's not amazing.  
I'm Cuban, and their Cuban sandwich is dead on point flavor wise.  The cheese steak is amazing with the truffle whiz.  The "Not so" breakfast sandwich is amazing.  Their fries are the best on South St, hands down.walked by this place and saw this new place so decided to give it a shot. got the pork with broccoli rabe sandwich and my girlfriend got the mahi sandwich. both were pretty good, and I noticed that my pork sandwich wasn't as greesy as the other places I've tried. The meat was delicious and the rabe was only slightly bitter. the fries are cut steak style like they have at five guys. overall a great place for lunch, and I will definitely return to try other things on the menuHuge lover of good food here. Will go out of my way to try the best of the best. I live a couple blocks from Woodrow's so when it opened I had to try it out. I've now tried at least 6 of the sandwiches and have not been disappointed at all. Come here over paesano's now. Big flavors, high quality. Well doneI'm from NJ and finally got the chance to go to Philly and words can't describe how much I love this city. So my first time coming to Philly I tried the pats/geno and wasn't impressed at all. But I wasn't gonna give up, I was determined to find that special cheese steak. Someone put me on John roast pork which WOW me but the only problem is there nothing to do around that area. So me and my buddy walked on south street and into Atomic City Comics. The staff were very knowledgeable in what spots had the best cheese steaks. Jim was an option but it there was a line and I'm not beat to wait on line but they said try next door to Woodrow sandwich, which is a hidden Gem. Going inside the staff were very friendly and loved the fact I was an outsider. They serve us steak sandwiches with there special cheese they MAKE! and the fries OMG were Amazing! Me and my buddy felt like Harold and Kumar at the end when they finally go to white castle and the enjoyment of eating a great meal.... I now found my spit and have gone there every time I go to Philly. I even put my friends on it and told em that if they don't like it "I will refund there money" of course I never had to do that. I can't wait til the weather gets nice so I can go back thereOkay, that was one of the best short rib sandwiches I've had in a while.  Was it "mind blowing"?  Probably not- but it was DAMN good and I honestly could have made room for a second because I was still craving it after the fact.  The combination of caramelized onions, cheddar and a perfect, not-too-sour horseradish sauce all wrapped up neatly in a fresh roll made it so worth the $10.50.  The fresh cut fries were boardwalk style-a little too big and potato-ey for my liking and not that crunchy, but still salty enough.  I ordered through TryCaviar, and though the delivery came twenty minutes earlier than expected, we only received 1 order of fries as opposed to 2- could have been the restaurant, could have been the courier- not a big deal, though.  I will say the menu is unfortunately way too small, but I'll definitely order from here again to maybe try the meatball or get the short rib again.Easily the best cheesesteak in Philly. The bread was like eating a cloud and the "wiz" was deliciously flavored with truffles. I was licking my fingers after I finished it and found myself still wanting more. The fries are tasty but the real winning side dish was the mixed green salad-- a perfect, light, refreshing compliment to a very decadent sandwich. Excellent service and very reasonable prices too!Amazing meatball sub - so good that I called back after my first few bites to let the owner know! My boyfriend got the short rib sandwich and loved it as wellThe Shrimp Po' Boy is my favorite sandwich from Woodrow's. The shrimp is normally whole, perfectly chargrilled and seasoned well. The aioli is usually thick and flavorful. However, the one I got today was very disappointing. The shrimp was cut into bits, over cooked, and had no flavor. The aioli was watery and bland. My experience did not live up to my previous sandwiches. I am hesitant to return.Two of my friends had the short ribs with onions which was good sandwich I had the  horseradish sauce the side...no cheese  My husband had the meatball sandwich.  I had a small bite which was very taste.  Great place for take out, or eat in.  Only open until 8pmHad an incredible lunch from woodrows. Loved the cheese steak and brisket sandwich. Going to be a new staple.Was walking around looking for something good.  For some reason I found myself in this sandwich shop,,,,, could not have picked a more enjoyable spot. My bbq brisket sandwich and Cajun fries were put together just right.  My tastebuds are still dancing around with my mind. While I'm still  loving it all.  I wanna come back for dinner.  I will definitely return.Delicious sammies!! Cool vibe, fun neighborhood, friendly staff! Definitely worth a visit.Currently on a quest for the best cheesesteak in Philly and 19 shops in this one has the lead. I got the whiz wit and I recommend it heavily.This is hands down my favorite sandwich shop of all time.  Never once have a had a bad sandwich from here. I've lived in Philly all my life and this is unquestionably the single greatest sandwich shop in the entire city and state. You have to get the fries with the truffle wiz, whatever sandwich you pick will be the best one you've had. I wish I could brown nose these guys even more but I don't know how.Great sandwich shop.  The basil-caper chicken sandwich was delish and the House roasted turkey sandwich tasted like a turkey dinner at Thanksgivings!  The fries were the real deal made from real potatoes and lightly deep fried.  This is a place that I would go out of my way to go to!  It was very Yumb!Was waiting for the Magic Garden and wanted to grab a bite to eat. Found this shop and gave their Whiz Wit a try. Oh my..... I was lost for words. It was so nice and cheesy. All the flavors were doing it for me; the caramelized onions, the mayo, the ribeye. 
Get this...it was so good that we actually went back for seconds literally an hour later (it was for the drive back to NY). 
Staff is friendly as well! They've got something good going here.We had the chicken basil caper sandwich and it was AMAZING!!!   Coffee BBQ brisket and the cheesetake where also off the charts amazing and I am very picky with my cheesestake.Best cheesesteak I've had so far, out of the five or six I've tried. Cooked to order not a bunch of meat sitting and drying out. Truffle cheese whiz was banging! Also I usually don't like Italian hoagies but theirs looked too good to not try. I was not disappointed. I can't wait to try all their sandwiches.1st time today ..just loved it ..I was warmly greeted by a friendly and engaging counter woman, she didn't let her impeccable manners interfere with her obvious hard work ethic either 
I immensely enjoyed the pork sandwich. Over flowing and well seasoned zero fat but still very moist n flavorful ..great roll too 
Fries looked awesome . real think cut ones .however I didn't try them .
Soda n other sandwich selection seems bountiful as well .
All sandwiches under $10 a real bargain 
This place is a keeper ..Woodrow's is my new favorite Philadelphia sandwich shop. The cheesesteak wit wiz was amazing and by far the best cheesesteak I've ever had. The truffle whiz was delicious! The Thanksgiving turkey sandwich was better than any holiday dish I've had on Thanksgiving. This is not your typical sandwich shop...it's way better. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Looking around for a cheesesteak/sandwich place with great ingredients and awesome flavor? Skip the hour long lines (as of now) and check out Woodrow's.
Made to order on the spot, friendly service, reasonably priced with no pretense. Tourists and suckers go for the 3-4 letter guys blindly. Check it out, you won't be disappointed and you won't be just another face rushed out into the street. Good eats!After reading the reviews I was really excited to order from here. I ordered the shrimp po boy sandwich and was disappointed. There was barely any filling in the sandwich, mostly bread and lettuce. First time ordering from here and definitely wouldn't order delivery again.I got the coffee bbq brisket this time. 
Okay, yeah it was good, but I would've preferred more meat and less jalapeño shoestring fries. The caramelized onions are great, but the bun is average, like a burger bun from shake shack or something. 
The floor is still dirty, and they still skimp on the napkins unless you ask for more. Who doesn't put at least one napkin dispenser out on a counter, or on each of the tables?I literally just finished my meal that I got delivered by GrubHub from Woodrow's..
I ordered the Cajun Mahi Mahi sandwich and fries with truffle Whiz and my co-worker ordered a short-rib sandwich.  Let me just say, before I enter a food coma, WOW!!!!
Everything was incredible.  My sandwich has to be healthy because it's fish, right?  Guess what?  I don't care either way, so go ahead and judge me!  
The fries, which I only ordered to try the truffle Whiz, could have stood alone by themselves because they were so good.  But...they didn't, the truffle Whiz was included on each and every bite because I am a fat slob and wouldn't have it any other way.
Checking out the photos on Yelp, I was originally inclined to order a meatball sub, but something (mainly my waste size) guided me towards the Mahi Mahi sandwich and I have no regrets!
Till we eat again!The food tastes good, but if I am going to pay $13 for a cheesesteak please put some meat on it next time, and also the fact that you charge $3 for delivery fee as well would it kill you to put some peppers on too? OVERPRICEDHad the whiz wit as well as the Cajun fries and both were excellent! Very filling! Cool atmostphereWent there for breakfast and had the most incredible mind blowing breakfast sandwich. The not just for breakfast sandwich was so gooey and delicious. 
Also the iced coffee comes with coffee ice cubes. Thats an iced coffee game changer.
This place is a must for breakfast lunch and dinner!Got the whiz with, so so tasty! Massive though, I shared one with my boyf with some home fries. They have malted vinegar also, so good!Woodrow's is a newcomer to South Street, but I think they're going to be among the ranks of the best sandwich shops in the city in no time.
Unfortunately, they ran out of cheesesteaks when we went near closing time. But fortunately, the two sandwiches we did get were AMAZING.
The Italian hoagie was one of the best I've ever had (and I grew up in Brooklyn). Seriously, there was just something about how fresh all the ingredients were. And at only $11, it's a gigantic sandwich. If you don't mind a cold sandwich, I honestly can't think of anything better.
Also tried the Coffee BBQ Brisket, which was amazing. Crunchy fried jalapenos, and just the perfect amount of smokiness and sweetness.
You walk in, place your order on a tablet, then pay. Super simple. Seating inside, and they have a back yard with two picnic tables.Meatball sub and the honey chicken sandwich are my favorites. The food is great and the location is convenient, but the service is disappointing. I've been given the wrong order to go the last two times I was there - and not even close to what I asked for. Staff was fairly unhelpful in response.The cheesesteak, although in a non-traditional category, is the best cheesesteak in Philly right now: meat chopped perfectly, truffle oil cheese whiz, deep-fried crispy onions, and some sweet siracha-like hot sauce. Completely on point.Pork sandwich was awesome, meatball sandwich was awesome. I'm probably gonna try everything on the menu now. I think I just found my new favorite lunch spot. Hit this place up!This was my first meal upon arriving, straight from the airport. The truffle provolone sounded amazing.....it was. The bread had the nice outside crunch and the steak was cooked just right. I am no expert but I could not imagine things getting better the rest of the trip. 
My last meal was also a cheesesteak from one of the long standing places down the street that shall remain nameless. This one was by far the winner. Does not have the history of the others but they got it down.Amazing place! Stopped in here for a quick sandwich, and ended up having an exceptionally great meal. They make everything from scratch, and it really shows in the quality of the food.
Fries: thumbs up
Pork sandwich: thumbs up
Falafel sandwich: thumbs up
Tomato soup: double thumbs up
Staff: double thumbs up
Overall experience: thumbs up
Would definitely recommend!4.5 yelps.  Went here over my spring break.. Big fan.  I had the shrimp po' boy and the brisket sandwich, both were really good, but i prefer the po boy.  This was my 2nd favorite one in philly so far.  Check this place out, it has a paesano type feel to it food wise.  EnjoyIt ends right here...right now. The cheesesteak debate that is. Woodrow's has it in the form of its Woodrow's Wit. It's your basic shaved rib eye steak but the truffle whiz is where it's at and it's unlike anything I've ever had. It's messy and dripping in glorious truffle whiz goodness. It's got to be the best enhancement to the cheesesteak ever concocted.Came here during the Philly Free Street. Didn't expect much when we walked in...but wow. The sandwich were awesome. I had the short rib it was delis. The flavor and The quality of the ingredients is really worth the price. I will come back again to try other items on the menu.I've been here three times. The first two, I had the pork sandwich. While the long hot aioli is a break from the traditional Philly roast pork, it's not any better than somewhere else's without it. Woodrow's isn't THAT far from anywhere with great pork sandwiches. I won't be getting that again.
The third (and last) time, I had the Cubano. People on here must have really low standards for food. It wasn't THAT good. The pork was kind of dry, and they use cheap prosciutto and cheese (which I sort of expected being that it's only $10). At least the mustard and pickles didn't over power it, right? 
The interior is really dirty, crumbs on the floor around the tables and whatnot, and the hours are awful for being on South Street. They don't have a menu board, only small printed out paper menus,which i imagine would be problematic if it ever gets busy in here, though I've only seen maximum four other people. They also only give you one napkin (have no dispensers), and the trash can is hidden around the corner in an awkward place. 
I don't understand the hype. Philly and South Street have way more to offer than here.Very disappointed. Walked in and wanted a quick sandwich before the eagles game and as the only customer I expected it to be quick. It took a long time if there were other customers. But considering I was the only customer, it was completely unprofessional. 4 people working and only customer. Very disappointed.Seriously- if you are a breakfast lover- the French Toast sandwich is out of control good. Runny and drippy. Sweet and Savory. YUM. Got the fries with the Truffle Wiz as well. That stuff is NO JOKE. I would put it on anything!We ate there on Sunday. We tried the pulled pork sandwich it was in a container under the counter and they heated it up and it didn't look too fresh and it was so salty we could barely eat it.  I wouldn't get it again. Not sure why they salted it so much. The fries tasted too much like the peanut oil they were fried in. We wont be back.Best meatball sub I've had in a while - super tender and flavorful. Awesome bread and sauce. Wicked fast and very friendly service. Will be back!For desk lunch, I ordered the tomato soup (tangy and warm!) and the Cajun mahi-mahi burger.  Both were healthy, moderate portions (we can do it, America!), but the burger actually underwhelmed--there was not enough mahi-mahi to be filling as a meal.  The green fixings were good though.  Overall, the food was flavorful and fun, and I'm willing to give this place another shot--the grilled cheese and French toast sandwiches are too tempting.We saw this sandwich shop walking by on the street. Everything was delicious, especially the mahi sandwich and French toast sandwich. Would definitely recommend!!just ordered cheese steak with wiz all i can say is the best sandwich in South St. Pat's & Geno's are not the same as before, only for tourist spot....So good!! Went to the aquarium and hopped over the bridge to this little gem! Affordable, delicious, everything I wanted, a steak filled with cheese and literally drips when u eat it! Be careful the cajun fries are Spicy!!!!first visit was awesome! we sat in to eat and the sandwiches & fries were amazing!  second visit i went in and ordered for take out. i arrived around 11:15am (they open at 11) and ordered two sandwiches and two orders of fries.  sandwiches not as perfect as the first visit but that could be because i took them to go and we didn't eat them right away.  however i was sadly disappointed in the fries.  they looked amazing, just wish we could have eaten them.  they tasted like they were leftovers from the night before that they dropped down in the oil to refry.  we couldn't even get our teeth through them they were so hard and dry...totally inedible.  not what i expected after my first amazing visit. :(OMG! The best sandwich I have ever had! I'm not a sandwich person, but sometimes I'm not having a choice.. And today I'm glad I didn't! The turkey sandwich was incredible, so fresh and the combination of sweet, salt and crisp was perfect! Totally recommend!!Stopped in as my first yelp suggest in the area, got their flank steak special. Meat could have been juicier at medium rare. I think for a $14 sandwich I was expecting a bit more and felt a bit expensive size wise. Will try out the cheesesteak next time perhaps since most positive reviews seem to be there. 
The credit payment machine is pretty laggy, I added a tip and there's a delay before it shows so I thought I didn't push the screen hard enough and I almost ended up leaving a $1111111 tip... managed to clear it and fix it but that was a bit concerning. 
I'll probably try again. Service was pleasant.I've been here a few times. It's not bad. The chef can put some good flavors together. 
but I always find myself wishing they had something a bit more on the simple side like a really good egg and cheese or a great chicken cheese steak. I work from home a lot so I'm not always looking for a sandwich with every fancy thing under the sun on it. Ive worked in food for many years and learned that some of the simplest sandwiches are the hardest to make. 
Anyhow, few months back I asked for an egg and cheese without the sauces and they told me no. 
Today I went and didn't get a hello from the girl for a few minutes... no one was there, she was just packing a bag. I was finally  greeted and asked for a chicken sandwich with cheese and  onions on a sub roll. I nicely said that even just a plain chicken sandwich would be fine (knowing that their chicken seasoning is really good). 
She's asked the guy cooking and he said "no we don't do those types of sandwiches"
I get it, Woodrow's doesn't want to be the ishkabibbles of south street.  but today, someone else got my business not them. 
 not really a Nieghborhood kind of place who treat the locals wellTruffle whiz. I don't know if much else needs to be said. Had the grilled cheese and can't wait to work my way down the menu. Amazing.Nestled in a part of town riddled with sneaker and jewelry stores there is a delicious sandwich shop. I strongly recommend giving this place a try. The short ribs sandwich and the house cut fries were amazing!!The fries, the breakfast sandwich, and the pork brocoli rabe are all delicious. I would have more of a list, but I've been here only 2 times so far - however, I would say that this probably going to be my Federal Donuts for sandwiches from here on out.This place is awesome! Probably one of the best selection of classic sandwiches done to perfection. Party of 4 split a cheesesteak, cubano, roasted pork and the short rib. Each one was delicious. First time there but won me over! Nice job guys!Up until coming here, I had been very "meh" towards cheesesteaks. They were good, but the best 3 roast pork I'd had were better than the best cheesesteak I previously had. That's all changed because Woodrow's is finally doing the cheesesteak justice. The other cheesesteak  places should be embarrased...compared to Woodrow's it's as if they aren't even trying and they're just getting by on the reputation of the Philly Cheesesteak rather than trying to make something that actually tastes good. After my first bite  of Woodrow's whiz whit, I thought wow, this is actually seasoned and isn't just bland rubbery beef covered in bland cheese whiz, who would've thought food could be seasoned??? Woodrow's cheesteak absolutely murders all other cheesesteaks, it's no comparison really. The beef is heavily seasoned, the cherry pepper mayo gives a nice kick, and the truffle cheese whiz actually tastes cheesy and flavorful instead of serving as a moist cover up to dry beef as seen on other cheesesteaks. This is not just the best cheesesteak I've had, it's some of the best food I've ever eaten.Best cheesesteak I've ever had in Philadelphia, and that's not to be taken lightly. I've had my fair share of cheesesteaks that left me feeling gross and my stomach hurting, except for this one. I think it's the truffle whiz that gives it a fancy taste, but I'm not sure what Woodrow's did that doesn't make my stomach hurt.
WOODROW'S for CHEESESTEAKS!Awesome place for cheesesteak! Bread was soft enough, meat was flavorful and juicy. Served smokin hot!Best cubano sandwich I've had in a long time. Affordable,  tasty  and they were fast. The fries were killer too! Plus the Mexican style cola goes well with the sandwiches.I was camping out at Rally's coffee shop down the street and it was time for lunch, barista recommended Woodrow's.  I opted for the Cajun mahi sandwich.  Flavorful, nutritious, and filling.  Definitely would visit again!Tried this place out because of all the reviews! It lived up to the hype! The shrimp po boy was awesome!There are so many good things to eat here and definitely get the fries. We had 4 people in our party and each got something different  - Mozzarella  and tomato sandwich, meatball sub, mixed greens with falafel, and Cajun Mahi sandwich. We all loved what we got. Very friendly and helpful service.Wiz wit was actually pretty good only thing it needs more cheese and steak had good taste but not enough to make it a good steak, also took 45 minutes for the sandwich to be made not really worth the wait. Used to ordering a steak being in and out not waiting that long especially on south street had to feed the meter a few timesLoved the pork sandwich. Better flavor than Dinics but could have used a tad more meat. The truffle cheesesteak is killer as well.Just tried Woodrow's for the first time. PHENOMENAL. The breakfast sandwich was so good, and my fiancé's Coffee BBQ brisket sandwich was incredible. Fries + truffle cheese = heaven. 
So. So. Good.Best sandwich I've ever had, hands down. And I've had a lot of sandwiches. Definitely recommend the tomato mozz. The mozzarella was so fresh and the vegetables and balsamic glaze really compliment each other. Best place to go if you're walking around south street for the day.As a Philly local, Woodrow's is my go to for cheesesteaks and sandwiches. Philly's best cheesesteak. I've had a couple of their items like the Cubano and meatball sandwich too. Their meatball sandwich, by the way, is the best I've ever had... ever. It's amazing. The portions are very generous and it's worth the splurge every time! Prices are the usual with this neighborhood around $11 or so per sandwich. They even write funny notes on the food bag, which I always enjoy. Oh and the best part, their lightning fast delivery. I thought the first couple times I got lucky, but tonight I ordered at 7pm on a Friday (I didn't know they closed at 7! But they still made my order). I was eating my sandwich about 14 min later. Just amazing. Get food here, you won't regret it!This place is amazing!  Over the years I've eaten more than my fair share of hoagies and sandwiches, and I can honestly say this place is special!  The menu is amazing, everything is made with fresh ingredients and you can tell the owner really cares about the product he's putting out.  Yesterday I had the best Cuban sandwich I've ever tasted, I've also tried the meatball, short rib and chicken sandwiches and they were all delicious.  I don't review businesses often enough but in this case I couldn't resist, keep up the good work Woodrow's!My first and only Philly cheesesteak experience and it did NOT disappoint! The food, staff, and atmosphere were outstanding - including the guy who answered all my many "cheesesteak" questions. Apparently, this is a newer spot, but it's sure to become a household name sooner than later.There's a new King of the mountain!  The newcomer to the block of Philadelphia sandwiches is here to stay.  I know Woodrow's is relatively new to the scene, but the quality tells a tale that they've been around for a long time.  I got their cheesesteak and as far as I'm concerned, they've staked their claim as #1.  When places try to reinvent or put their own spin on this classic, it's usually for the worst, but what they've done was simply enhanced an amazing delicacy.  Let's get to it.  For me, whiz is the only way to go for your cheese option.  How'd they improve it?  Truffle whiz.  A perfect amount that complemented the steak.  You could taste it in every bite.  They also added cherry pepper mayo.  Now, mayo on a cheesesteak is blasphemy, but this addition put the steak over the top.  If this was a condiment option, I wouldn't have dared go near it, but since it's an automatic on it, I went with it-- you should do the same.  There wasn't a lot on it so it didn't overpower the taste.  Whoever was so bold to put this on the sandwich knows what he's doing.  To round out this masterpiece, the caramelized onions tied everything together.  Overall, I thought the steak was possibly the best I've had in this city.  At $12, It's one of the more pricier steaks I've had and if you're going to charge that much, you better back it up.  Woodrow's certainly did.HOLY CHEESE STEAK. Definitely try with the truffle wiz-best cheese steak I've ever enjoyed, AND it didn't make me feel gross after! (not sure how that happened) Small place, cute ambiance. Modern tech with touch screen ordering, and the guys cooking were all very nice! Also, be sure to get the cheese fries. You're welcome.Soooo I brought my husband to Philly to eat cheesesteaks for his birthday and after eating nine steaks in 2 days hands DOWN Woodrows is thee best cheesesteak in the city of Philly. That in house whiz , perfect soft inside crunch outside of the roll, the meat was tender I didn't have to fight my steak.  Woodrows best " Cheesesteak Joint " in Philly. I'll never come to Philly and not stop at WoodrowsI rarely take the time to write Yelp reviews, but this place is really good!!! I ordered from here based on yet another stellar review/suggestion and I wasn't disappointed. I was famished at the time and ordered two sandwiches, fries, and the truffle whiz. All of it knocked my socks off. I got the Cajun Mahi and the Shrimp Po-boy. I don't know which one was better; both were astoundingly good! Like many other reviewers have said, the fries were great on their own, however the truffle whiz made them ever better.This place is incredible. I can't say I've had everything on the menu, but probably at least 3/4 of it. I try to get something different every time I go. It's hard not to get repeats when you're obsessed with the Bacon Cran Jam on the House Roasted Turkey, like I am. I have never had anything from here that I didn't like. The hours are a little wonky, I wish they were open later, but I think they're still getting their staff squared away and it's certainly not enough of a problem to take away any stars. If my biggest problem is that I wish I could eat it all the time, I don't think that's a problem at all.
My personal favorite is the House Roasted Turkey with an honorable mention to the Whiz Wit, which is my boyfriend says is the best cheesesteak in Philly. I told him that it's an amazing sandwich, but I think using truffle wiz and cherry pepper mayo is cheating. Either way, the sandwiches are like Pokémon in that you've gotta catch 'em all.I had the Cubano for late lunch, and it was very flavorful and savory. Although, I would have to say that it was quite salty. I would rate the saltiness 8/10. I'm actually a huge fan of anything spicy and/or salty, but it was a bit too much salty for this Cubano. Other than that, it was a good first experience and would return to try the other sandwiches!Ordering is very easy, they use a kiosk really similar to Wawa. 
The cheesesteak here can hold its own. The meat is well seasoned and they have a housemade whiz. Bread is not your Amoroso hearth baked bread, but is fair. I wish the steak was cut in ribbons. The chunks are really small and almost minced. All of it was really good though.
Love the fries. Their cajun seasoning is really special. It's definitely not just Old Bay. Pay the extra .25 and give it a try.Another Sunday for me and the wife to head into town to nosh around the city.
First stop is a new sandwich shop that one of us stumbled apon not sure
how but we made it here. 
Since we are eating at a few places we split the steak.
It was served very quick and lip burning hot, my fault I should have known 
molten liquid cheese will do that, but I am hungry and with that comes impatience.
The meat was tender and very flavorful and we really like the cheese sauce but the 
meat was ladled on the light side and I really do not recall and onions now that 
im writing this. Glad to have tried a different steak from my fleet of top picks, but
sadly this is a one time only for us.Excellent sandwiches. Definitely on he hipster side but that also means fresh ingredients and attention to detail :) We got a cheese steak and a Cuban and they were both very tasty. The cheesesteak was really big and the meat was juicy and flavorful. 
Only note is that they have a tip line on the check when you order the food up front. But then they just call you to pick it up from the counter, and you need to bus your own tray at the end. I'm always fuzzy on the tipping etiquette here. I would never tip at McDonald's for the same amount of service but then I feel bad when I tip them zero here ‍