I gave it one star because it doesn't give me an option to give it zero. This place sucks. Where should I start?? Okay, arrived at 7 pm with reservations and was seated in the dungeon. Fine. We ordered queso fundido with chorizo and got a weird looking cheese skillet with tortillas NOT chips. Odd! So had to ask for chips. Should've asked for a trash can. So we asked for some salsa to dress it up a bit -- that took an hour and I'm not exaggerating! The salsa was a thick mushy mess. Could turn the bowl upside down and nothng would've come out. Our food took an hour and a half, too. By that time, we were full on chips -- which were the only good thing on the menu! Oh... My favorite part... I ordered a side of beans and rice to go with my carne asada tacos -- which were more like unseasoned beef tips -- and I got a bowl of hard WHITE rice with refried beans on top. WHITE rice??? Seriously?!
Terrible! Dont waste your time. Taco Bell serves better food than this and that isn't saying much! Service was just as bad!!I thought this place was great. We stopped in for a few drinks and a plate to share and were happy with everything, especially the tacos and margaritas.Hanging out in Society Hill rarely happens for me, due to the saturation of wonderful bars and restaurants in my own neighborhood, but the urging of multiple friends and a birthday party finally brought me over to "So-Cheet" last night.
We hung out in the cozy, dark basement lounge, which was pretty great.  From 10-12 on Saturdays (and maybe Thursdays and Fridays as well?) they have a late night happy hour.  The special was $5 house margaritas.  While that may not sound like the most amazing deal to happy hour cheapskates, trust me - it is.  Sauza blanco, hand-squeezed lime juice, and simple syrup made for a tasty drink.  I like when you can actually taste the tequila in a 'rita.
While we weren't here for a full meal, we did try a few of the snacks:
-queso fundido: Delicious melted chihuahua cheese, served with piping hot fresh tortillas, mushrooms, pickled red onions, and peppers. I really loved those red onions.  I could bring home a jar of those.
-the chicharrones: pork rinds served with a dangerously spicy salsa verde.  Again, amazing.
Service was attentive and friendly, and a DJ was spinning hip hop and funk.  I had a really great time here, and have to come back for a full dinner.The best Mexican in the city, hands down. 
A little pricey but great happy hour specials. 
My favorite part is the guacamole, which you get to customize by selecting what you want added from a checklist. 
The staff is friendly too and very knowledge of the lengthy tequila list.Went here on a weekday evening when my brother and his girlfriend decided to make the trek to Philly for dinner with me and my fiancé. They rarely visit so picking an awesome restaurant- a task assigned to me as the Philly resident- was very important. 
Xochitl did not disappoint. The vibe is understated Old City- totes relaxing, trendy but traditional, doesn't take itself too seriously but your server knows everything about the menu and food and drink is masterfully executed. 
The guacamole was fantastic (if it wasn't, I wouldn't even bother to post a review...) which is a basic requirement for Mexican restaurants. Check. 
Since we were feeling poor that night, my fiancé and I went with tacos rather than a full-on entree. Fish tacos-can you make them spicy? Um, yeah.  Melt in your mouth. Spicy brisket tacos- also very tasty. There were no leftovers. Our server and bartender colluded to prepare a dessert drink for us, a little shot of tiramisu liqueur goodness. And it was perfect. 
I still can't say the name of this place correctly but I will definitely be back and I would recommend it to others. Mexican food done right is such a treat, and so nice to find in a fun place that has cool staff who can really deliver for a semi special occasion. 
When I go back. I am looking forward to trying one of the ceviches...I was really hoping they would do something nice with this location, since it was my beloved old favorite spot to go to by myself. This is the old Filo's, I spent many nights there having a few drinks,  listening and dancing to great music by the Worship crew, then walking home. 
We decided to check this place out one Friday night when a friend from out of town was visiting. It was the perfect atmosphere and food in the downstairs lounge area. The music the dj was playing was great and funky, yet not too loud, so that we could still hold a conversation. The food was spectacular, we had the Ceviche de Callos con Sandia (watermelon and scallop ceviche), I wasn't sure what to expect, it was not like the typical ceviche I have had before, but it was delicious. We also had the Queso Fundido, one with chorizo and the other with mushrooms. They were both devine!
They also have a reverse happy hour special in the lounge: Thursday - Saturday, 10pm-12am. We had some tasty margaritas (although not the best I have had, but good enough for the price), and we were feeling really nice by the time we left there, not too full, it was the perfect amount of food, and we still had some $ in our pocket!
I am definitely looking forward to going back to Xochitl.Best margaritas around, freshly made (not concentrate or artificial tasting sour mixes) from real limes. Best of all, only $5 at late night or after-work happy hour.  Definitely my new favorite special.
Guacamole is awesome and the spicy salsa they serve it with adds the perfect kick. I also had the squid hot-pot which was tasty, but I could probably eat dinners here of just the guac.oh.  my.  god.  i went here for south street's "restaurant week" (3 courses, 30$) last weekend and it was amazing.  And that should say a lot considering that a lot of restaurants use restaurant weeks to half-assedly  crank out dishes for the masses in an assembly-line manner.  
But not here.
every dish was excellent, and even artistic!  I had the avocado ceviche, barbacoa (perfectly cooked), and chocolate souffle cake with cajeta ice cream.  We also ordered the custom-made guacomole for the table; a server came out and made it for us right at the table. And just as swiftly as he had made it, the four of us devoured it.  SO good.  And the waitress was super-attentive and more than willing to offer recommendations.
On top of everything, the place has a very cool atmosphere and is on a stretch of south street which is very pretty, especially on a temperate spring/summer night--perfect for a little post-dinner stroll or if you're en route to some bar hopping later.
Try this place--you won't regret it.I wanted somewhere new for Cinco de Mayo and had never been here. 
Overall, it was okay. I liked how you could customize the guacamole-adding crab, tomatoes, garlic, etc but I thought the guac was a little bland still. The chicken tacos were good but nothing special. The margaritas were also just okay-maybe I'm used to flavored ones.
Would I come back here? Yes. Would it be my first choice for Mexican? No.The food was exceptional; but, we our entire visit was 2 1/2 hours long.
It was Monday, December 28th, 2015 and we had a reservation for 7 people at 6:45pm.
The place was packed, which made us very excited to be there; it looked like people were really enjoying themselves! So, we were very optimistic.
We were seated, immediately. But, we noticed something almost immediately; there was only 1-2 servers AND they had continuous drinks to refill and grab from the bar.
The manager was running drinks and food, too.
We ordered drinks with appetizers after about 20 minutes of waiting. We didn't receive out appetizers for an additional 25 minutes (so we are about 45 minutes, now).
During our wait for the drinks and appetizers, we did manage to order our food.
We finally received our dinner orders at 8:00 PM (almost 2 whole hours of being there). At this point, most of our party had 2-3 drinks in them from the bar.
We all at very quickly because we waited so long and were hungry.
But, we still had to wait for the final bill. This took another 30 minutes.
Again, exceptional food (seriously), but the service was a 1 out of 5.At Xochitl, I had both the best of food and the worst of drinks which is why I only gave it 3 stars. I had the best Spicy Brisket Taco. Ever. The Esquites is divine. However, the Shrimp Chile Nogada was just ok (wouldn't order again) and they make the WORST basic margaritas I have ever had. I realize margaritas aren't exactly old world Mexico and authentic to the culture pre mid 1930's or 40's, but if you are going to taut your margs, at least try. The atmosphere is quaint in the historic district and the servers helpful, though not very attentive.The food was delicious . The staff was friendly . The tacos were to "die" for. I can't say anything bad about this place. The atmosphere was great  . I would highly recommend this place to anyone.Went here for Restaurant Week 2012, reservations through opentable, everything went smoothly. Greeted by the awesome staff that was very patient as it took me forever to get my coat off. They explained the menu and were very friendly answering all my questions. 
The food was awesome. I had the short rib which came with a potato patty and grilled veggies. I havent had such a delicious potato patty since my aunt passed away yeeeaars ago, it was so good tears were pretty close. Guacamole: amazing! we added crab.. SO good. the doughnuts? AHHHHH! kill me now! i wanted like 15 more but i was so stuffed.
By far the best restaurant week I've been to! This will become a regular spot for me. There isn't a single bad thing about this place. Even the small bathroom was cute and adorable. This is a must go-to place!xochitl, the BAR you go to for ridicu-potent and tasty margaritas, some snackie things and a tequila-fueled  night of regret ... YES. 
xochitl, the RESTAURANT you go to for an impressively cooked meal that is worth the somewhat overpriced expense for mexican food ... NOT SO MUCH.  
they do serve some of the finest margaritas in the city. they are, as rumored, strong and should be consumed with caution. and the guac, though very high at $9, is incredible. each table has a guac card that you can use to customize the ingredients you'd like to add to your guac, including jalapenos, garlic, tomatoes, peppers, oaxaca, and so many other things. i only say that it's steep at $9 because you don't get much in quantity, but it's fair considering the cost of avocados. 
the food was quite the disappointment.  years ago (before the menu revamp), the food was incredible. i still remember one of the duck entrees i had there as being the best duck i have ever eaten. HOWEVER, the same cannot be said now.  
we had 2 people in our group order the $26 braised short rib. and they did not even finish it. the meat was dry and a bit bland -  totally tragic. 
the rest of our table had tacos - the carne asada, the carnitas and the fish. these were solid. honestly, there wasn't anything to complain about, but they weren't particularly memorable either. 
the tacos ranged from $13-16 and included 3 tacos. of the ones we tried, i'd say the fish tacos were my favorite. 
this is the upside though. considering the dearth of options fish taco lovers have in this city, if you're having a serious fish taco craving, xochitl is a reliable bet. the fish is not breaded/fried and it tastes very fresh, citrusy and the slaw gives it great crunch.Just like the last reviewer wrote, I don't revisit a restaurant often but this place keeps me coming back.  I don't know if it is the cool bar staff, the flights of tequila that are very reasonably priced or the food.  Each time i go I try something different and it never fails that it is good..... well the whole blood sausage things is a little freaky so I stay away.  
We had a a table for three but decided to sit at the bar and watch the Eagles get rocked.   It was one of those nights where you are out with a few people who have not seen for awhile, have great drinks, have great food and just a good time out.  I recommend going for anyone who wants to try something different....
-on a side note, for those of us who remember Filo's occupying this spot as a club this place has come a long way. LOL if you catch my drift.Came here to celebrate a friend's birthday. It was a party of 12 during restaurant week. Needless to say it was a lot of plates for many guests. The service was amazing! And we did not wait a lot for the food to arrive. 
The food was wonderful! Very delicious and flavorful. Everyone was content with their dish.Went last night for dinner. We had not been there since the casual makeover. I like that the place has opened up, they knocked the wall that separated the bar from the dining area down. I also like that the prices have been lowered. 
We had early reservations and were seated promptly. Our server was very eager and a little awkward, but at least the effort was there. 
We started with the guacamole made table-side, which was delicious and fresh. We also had the queso fundido with chorizo and it was addictive! 
The entrees were a let down, however and that is why I cannot give more stars. At fairly steep prices, compared to apps, I expected greatness. We had the fried chicken with rice and it was bland atop some gummy rice concoction. Just meh. We also had a seafood special that was equally uninspired. 
I agree with Meghan C. that the margaritas do pack a punch and they are not too sweet, which was good for me. They also have some great Mexican beers on draft - my husband enjoyed a few Negro Modelos. 
Overall, I think this would be a great place for drinking and snacking, but the entrees are to be missed.My boyfriend and I were looking for some good Mexican food for his birthday, and since I missed the boat on getting a reservation at El Vez I figured we would give this a try. The reviews seemed okay and everyone said that the drinks were really good. 
Not at all true....
To start with, we ordered the guacamole. I have had a lot of different kinds and make it myself at home, and this was incredibly bland with not a lot of flavor.  I ordered the Carnitas Tacos and my boyfriend got the Brisket Tacos (special of the day). They were all right, but the waiter told us right off the bat he would recommend a side since they were small portions.  We didn't end up eating any of our side since they were so big, we each only finished two tacos! 
The most disappointing part of this whole experience was the drinks.  I got the Classic Mojito (which I have also had and made many times before) and he got the Mexican style Mojito, that apparently is with cilantro and tequilla instead of rum and mint.  The first batch were really delicious, so we ordered another round. Not at ALL the same drink.  They looked very different, but mainly they didn't taste at all similar.  Very very sweet and acidic, way too bitter.  We politely called the waiter over and asked if the bartender wouldn't mind remaking them since the first drinks we had were very different, and he obliged. A few seconds later the bartender came back and told us she remade the drinks but tasted them and they tasted exactly how they should be.  She was very condescending and rude (My boyfriend and I have both worked in customer service before...when customers are being polite in their complaints, there is no need to be rude back) and said she would make the drink for us 10 times if we wanted but it wouldn't be any different. She said that they first AMAZING drink we had must have been made wrong.  She kept asking us how they were different and we had trouble explaining to her exactly what to change, so we decided to let it go and asked for the check. Yes, we still got charged for the shitty drinks that we left on our table. 
For a tequilla bar who is apparently known for their drinks, the inconsistency is frightening.  I was very disappointed in the entire experience, not what I was planning for the first birthday that my boyfriend and I spent together.The food here is pretty solid but the prices can be steep, especially if you're ordering a bunch of margaritas.
If you're looking for affordable and divey, check out all the Mexican joints near 9th and Washington.
But they do offer some inventive dishes:
- Ceviche is pretty good
- Custom guacamole (try with black truffles)
- Tamales
- Fish or Brisket tacosI've been here several times and it's always great!  The custom-made guacamole is amazing...we will go out of our way to come here and have a drink and guacamole as an app even before going out to eat elsewhere!  
Entrees recommended: Pollo Frito, Seafood Enchiladas, El Dorado.
Drinks: Blood Orange Margarita, El Pepino (must try if you like spicy drinks), La Colima (seasonal pineapple infused tequila).Very, very good food. I got the chicken tacos - it was a very big portion and was delicious. Build your own guac was good but expensive. Elotes were pretty good, but I probably wouldn't get them again. They had really good margaritas (got the blood orange one). Boyfriend got the brisket enchiladas and he said that the charro beans tasted home-made and were his favorite part. We will definitely be returning.Restaurant Week '13
Drinks - Two flights of tequila supplied by greasy man hitting on us - AWESOME. The only issue was once we were done with the tequila our server was supposed to get us margaritas with our choice of tequila. She was so busy that we never got the chance to really flag her down. Not the end of the world, partially our fault. 
Moving on.
The quacamole was so buttery! We just ordered it sort of plain with jalapenos, cilantro and tomatoes. 
I got the empanada app which was very good. The chicken inside had a lot of flavor and the crust was perfectly crusty. I got the short ribs for my main and forgive me because I forget what it came with, but everything was good. Definitely a solid three for the dinner.
The dessert was just weird. I wanted to be adventurous. But I guess sweet/spicy sauce and chocolate just don't do it for me. I took one taste of the chocolate tart and instantly wanted to vomit. That has never happened to me before and I was embarassed by my poor choice!!! My dining companion chose the better dessert - the mango mousse cake something or other, and that was sweet!
I could go back for happy hour, but there are other Mexican places I need to try before.Xochitl is located in Society Hill, on a super pretty brick street. The picturesque street is an ideal location for this intimate space. The restaurant  has a fabulous bar, with a daily happy hour (including $6 margaritas) at the bar. There is a a sunken dining room with lots of wooden tables and warm colors.
The service is great, and the staff is very friendly. I've also heard great things about the Molcajete Dinner for 2, which is available Sunday-Thursday, and includes make your own tacos of various proteins.
We started the meal with some customized Guacamole ($9). Each table in the dining room is set with a guacamole form and pencil in order to complete a checklist of ingredients and mix ins. We chose to have ours made with cilantro. chipotle, cotija cheese, plum tomato, and roasted garlic. The guacamole comes to the table in a heaping bowl with a sprinkling of cotija cheese resembling snow on top. The guacamole has a nice briny taste, along with a pop of citrus, offsets the saltiness. It's very creamy, but still has the house made chunky consistency. There's an aftertaste of spicy heat without too much of a bite. Instead there's a building heat from the more mild chipotle pepper, and freshness from the cilantro. The fresh plum tomato gives a nice chewy change from the creaminess of the avocado on alternating bites, and the house made  tortilla chips gave a great crunch. Great way to start off the meal!
My friend ordered the Ahi Tuna Ceviche ($12) as her main meal. The ahi tuna itself was super fresh, sliced very thin, and came dressed in a citrus and guajillo chili marinade. The tuna is garnished with some micro cilantro and cucumber. The dish had a subtle heat from the guajillo chilis and a punch of flavor from the marinade, which was refreshing and helped cut through the richness of the avocado and cheese. The dish only came with three yucca chips, but there were plenty of leftover chips from the guacamole to scoop up the rest of the tuna.
I opted for a far less healthy, but super delicious entree choice - the Pollo Frito ($23). I ordered the half a chicken portion that was cut into four individual pieces with a sweet and spicy chili sauce drizzle. The three day preparation, including brining, steaming and frying, gave the chicken a nice crispy skin, but kept the meat especially moist. The chili drizzle did not detract from the crispness of the skin, and actually highlighted the juiciness of the meat.
The dish is usually accompanied with corn bread and chipotle creamed spinach. The spinach is somewhat liquidy from the cream without being watery. In addition, the spinach has a pleasant heat and is a great rendition of a classic dish. This time I decided to substitute esquites, or Mexican street corn, in place of the spinach. The esquites complemented the cornbread nicely, and the corn was not overcooked. It maintained a small bit of crunch, and an overall richness from the cream, and a subtle background like flavor. of lime. There was no overt heat in the corn, which was a bit of a relief from the spiciness of the meal. The corn had an amazingly addictive quality to it though, and made me come back more and more. The dusting of cotija on top was a nice garnish. The cornbread had chunks of fresh corn throughout, and generous pad of melted butter. It came out as an individual loaf--freshly baked and hot from the oven.
Xochitl has a great vibe--perfect for an intimate dinner or a group night out. Next time Im there, I'm going to try the Chocolate Tres Leches Cake--as long as I have enough room left in my stomach!Everything we had, from the appetizers to the entrees were finger-licking good. We also had glasses of both red and white sangria, and both were excellent and very strong.We frequent many restaurants in Philly, NYC and anywhere we travel. We'll do everything from upscale joints to greasy spoons (if recommended to us.) My #1 Mexican beyond compare has been Rosa Mexicano in NYC but I think I've found one here in Philly in the same league.
Xochitl was one we rolled the dice on and that roll came up "7." My better half loved the guacamole and I thought the mole chicken drumettes were fantastic. The highlight for me was the "takes three days to prepare" Pollo Fito. It had to be one of the tastiest, succulent, good to the bone chicken dishes I've ever had. This was NOT what I expected when I entered (and I mean that in the best possible way.) We will definitely be back to enjoy "So-cheet" again!Heard soooo many good things about this place. My GF and I decided to finally give it a try on Sunday evening. The decor was really nice and the bar setup was really cool. From the start our waitress was a bit off. She didn't know the size of the signature drinks (one would assume the $10 drink might be smaller than the $28 one. But it might just be the liquor). After we decided on our food, we were told the items we were considering were sold out (would of been nice to not get our hopes set and then be told it was sold out). Ordered the custom guacamole and red snapper ceviche. The guacamole is the only thing that made this review a 2 star review. I've made ceviche many times before. There was a very strong fish taste that not the guacamole, drinks or my entree could remove. Even as I write this I feel like I licked fish scales. GF got the salad which was bleh, dressing was bland. I got the short rib tacos. Short rib tasted like they took it out of a pot roast dish (no mexican seasoning) and the taco was impossible to hold as it was just too wet with the corn/cream topping. Our waitress never once came over to ask how the apps or even the entree were. But again, guacamole was good, if that's all you're looking for.Server was prompt but food and drinks were nothing special. There are many more authentic Mexican restaurants in the city to try before this place.I have been wanting to go here for a while, so I broke one of my personal cardinal rules and went for NYE. I was not disappointed. The food was great and I did not feel gouged by the menu. I had some pretty high expectations and as far as the food goes, they were exceeded. Our server was a bit overwhelmed, wanting pretty much minimal service anyway, there were no issues. There was a prix fixe menu in play so my date and myself shared the courses. The vegetable soup was fresh, clean and tasty. The plantain and venison sopa was a great combo and was excellent. We had Langostines with quince, mushrooms and vanilla-great combination. The pheasant was great-very delicious and moist with another wonderful combo of flavor. The vegetarian enchilada was filling and very fresh tasting with the correct amount of heat from the ancho chills. Dessert was much awaited and we were very happy with our selections nog panna cotta and chocolate tamale, both were delicious. I hope to return soon and cannot wait to try the menu with no limitations.Best guac ever!!! Love this spot I come here all the time. Really good happy hour too.I came here on a whim the other night and really loved it. I had the tuna ceviche, which I found to be more of a tiny tartare taco, but still yummy. There was popcorn on my plate and I couldn't understand why, but it was good. I also had the tortilla soup(not the actual name, but that's what it was), and never have I felt more fancy eating soup! An oval bowl with tortilla and avocado and something else(queso fresco?) came out, and then they brought the soup itself in a pitcher and poured it over for me at my place setting. I tried lots of drinks, but in this 90 degree weather I have really been into the girly fruity stuff, so I loved the white sangria the best. I didn't expect to feel so welcome and comfortable here just based on its buzz and rave reviews. The staff was all very nice, in fact I wasn't even sure the people out front worked there until they opened the door for me, and my bartender saw me out the next night and gave me a hug, I will be back to eat and drink more more more.Michael Solomonov does modern Mexican with local ingredients, in a colorfully decorated, inviting dining space with a lively bar area. The food is excellent, the servers are friendly and attentive.
Happy hour is a great deal. It goes from 5-7pm every day for $5 margaritas, $3 draft beer specials, and $6 Guero specials-- I had myself a marg, and it is a very stiff drink, so perfect if you've had a tough day at work or just want an early start to the night.  
Good guac is difficult to find on the East Coast, but Xochitl is known for its fresh guac with cotija cheese, prepared tableside with mortar and pestle. Chunky, delicious, and it's got a little bit of a kick to it if you let them add the red peppers (you can always request that they leave them out, but they don't make the guac overwhelmingly spicy).   
If you're getting guac anyway (and why wouldn't you?), note that the "El Sabor" special is offered daily, and it's a steal as long as the entire table has enough of an appetite for it. For $32, each person gets the guac, along with an appetizer and an entree (no menu item off limits). We weren't hungry enough to for it when we came, but the next time I know I'm coming to Xochitl, I'll try to plan ahead a little better to take advantage of this prix fixe option. 
For an entree, I got the Salmon marinated in achiote (a reddish seed with a bit of an earthy flavor) served over poblano crema,fava beans, and yuca tots. The fish was perfectly cooked... juicy but with a little bit of crispiness on the outside, and everything else was also tasty. 
Alas, I wish I had saved room for dessert. But there are several reasons to go back again, so perhaps I'll get to try the Postres another time.Love the bar. Great Tequila selection, and better drinks. 
Food is great and creative. Seating upstairs is ok, downstairs is a different story. Get a seat at the bar if you're into the drinks, for there is no wait-service downstairs and the bar is smaller than my closet. So, unless you play Center for the Sixers, you're gonna wait to get a drink downstairs.
I recommend a 'flight' of Tequilas. Ask the bartender for advice if needed, they know what they're talking about here. 
Been here when its empty and bar is to ourselves, and on a busy Sat night..opt for the prior if you can. DJ sometimes (call ahead).With so many great reviews, there was no doubt in my mind that this was the place would be a hit.  It was my first visit here and unfortunately my last.  Walking in the receptionist wss very nice and sat us right away.   Unfortunately the table was so small it left me wondering how we would fit any of our plates on it.  The devote was nice and had a rustic feel.  I ordered the fish tacos with a side of rice & beans. My s/o ordered the steak or perhaps the beef tacos ( I cant remember the name). The food presentation was very nice but there was very little food which would have been ok it it was offset by big flavor.   However, the food was bland and needed salt among other spices.  I grew up near the Mexican border and know my Mexican food.  If your looking for an authentic spot or at least food with flavor... this is not itwe stumbled upon this place because we were in the neighborhood and using the Yelp app. there were so many good reviews we figured we would give it a shot and made a reservation. we went to the bar for a drink first and the bartender was such a good dude that we decided to stay at the bar for our meal. the cocktails were pretty solid and the food was fantastic. definitely get the guacamole when you go.You can customize your guacamole. You have many choices of add ins. We added roasted garlic and tomato and crab. Muy muy bueno. Oh and the margaritas were perfect.We ended up at Xochitl almost by accident. It was a very pleasant surprise. Good food, great menu, great service. It might a little on the pricey side, but not too expansive. 
If you are into tequila and/or margarita they have an amazing selection.I just call it "shittle". They were asking for it. I like their spicy fruity drink.Delicious, delicious, delicious. A mix of unique ingredients and flavors is to die for. Fresh plates. Smaller size dishes, but very filling. Colorful. I loved it! I will be going back a lot!Great Margaritas.   Fresh Guacamole is perfect.   The menu interesting and food well prepared.  Good service.  I need to come early because I can't stand the LOUD noise from the diners.While Xochitl has some good menu items, notably a phenomenal guacamole, I feel the prices are a little high and the portion sizes are  a tad small.  
With this said I can only give 3 stars. Xochitl is a solid Mexican food spot, I'm just not sure it's worth the price of admission..the staff is incredibly attentive.. almost ninja like.. I'd be drinking my water.. and put the glass down.. almost immediately it was refilled.. like out of the blue.. They were just very nice..
The tableside guac was delish.. I love how you can decide how much of certain items or if at all would be put... fresh guacamole holds a special place in my heart, especially when accompanied by house made chips. 
I also ordered the fundido.. it was delicious.. very flavorful.. 
My friend got the sopa azteca, and the chicken and rice she liked the soup, although she did complain that because the cheese was cubed, she couldn't taste it in every bite. Despite that she enjoyed it. She ordered the chicken and rice and really enjoyed everything except the lime mayo.. 
With such fresh ingredients, it's hard to go wrong.I'm a fan of the margaritas and the sopas appetizers at Xochitl.  The bartenders are nice, the place has a fun atmosphere, it's clean and well run.  We always have a great time here.  The guacamole is delicious and homemade.LOVE, LOVE, LOVEEEE Xochitl.  The place is tiny but has one of my favorite margaritas in the city which is saying a lot!  I have sat at the bar there more than a couple times and love the fresh squeezed margaritas (no lime mix here) and the Michelada's and the bartenders are always charming.  Their happy hour runs from 5-7 and offers half-priced margaritas and beer specials.
I am a big fan of guacamole and Xochitl's is fresh which is a major plus in my book and has the right amount of lime and cilantro which a lot of places get wrong.  When I was in there last they had some sort of delicious cabbage stuffed enchilada dish but I don't see it on the current menu.  My dining partner had the goat dish and thought it was awesome and we shared the Sopa Azteca and it was quite good.  It's not cheap mexican but if you're looking for amazing food and drinks in a great, comfy atmosphere I would definitely check out Xochitl!This was hands down one of the worst dining experiences that I've ever had in Philadelphia.  Ultimately, Xochitl gets one star because I do not have a "no star" option.  My friend and I dined here last night for restaurant week and had really been looking forward to it.  Neither of us had been before, so we thought Philadelphia's Restaurant Week would be a great place to give it a shot.  WRONG.
We arrived on time for our 7 pm reservation and were asked to wait in the bar area until our table was ready.  Not a problem.  And understandable on a Friday evening. Although the restaurant was not at capacity we didn't think twice about being asked to wait. About five minutes later, we were seated and our very nice server came to explain the menu and the customizable guacamole.  
We made our guacamole selection and placed the order for the remainder of our 3 courses.  As far as the food goes, the guacamole was the best thing we had.  I ordered sangria that was supposed to have peaches, but instead had grapes and apples.  I'm not saying that's impermissible, but it's totally different.  Lol.  Just saying.
Anyway, from there, the courses went down hill.  The four cheese empanadas were a bit undercooked.  My main course, which the waitress described as their signature dish, was ok but did not make a real impression.  And the dessert....the churros.  I thought that was a safe choice.  WRONG.  They're probably normally excellent, but when I bit into it instead of the lovely, sugary sweetness that I was expecting, I tasted onion and garlic and lots of other savory spices.  Perhaps they had a shortage of oil in the kitchen.  Who knows?  
BUT HERE'S THE REAL PROBLEM: Our waitress brought us the bill and we were winding down when the manager, Adam, came over to our table and said, "ladies, I hope you've enjoyed yourselves and that you will come again.  If you'd like to continue enjoying yourself, I suggest you go to the bar, but we need the table."  Now is probably when I should point out that there were other vacant tables in the dining room and that the couple next to us was in the process of leaving, But I digress.  Apparently there was some special reason why he needed our table.  So we proceed to stare at him like he was crazy.  He took that as his cue to continue talking.  He said, "we've been TRYING TO WORK AROUND YOU, but you've been here for THREE HOURS and we need the table."  We had not been there for three hours, it was slightly over two, and it was a four course meal. Moreover, we had to wait for our table.  Ultimately, however, if their primary concern is just turning tables and not providing a nice dining experience, then they shouldn't be in the restaurant business, nor should they participate in Restaurant Week.  
When we started gathering our belongings, my friend asked the manager to move because he was blocking her chair.  After which he said, "I don't allow people to talk to me like that."  This was unbelievable.   I have never been treated so poorly by a staff member at a restaurant...EVER.  I would not be able to recommend this establishment to my worst frenemy.Great time.  Rice and Manchego rocked.  Shredded pot tacos rocked.  Guac double rocked - very nice you can order to taste!!
House margaritas were disappointing.  Recommend upgrading or trying their specialty drinks!We went on a Friday night, about 6:30 pm.  When we got there they told us there were no tables available, so we sat at the bar.  At that point every table was available, but there were reservations for them.  
This was our first trip back to Xochitl since they re-did the menu.  We had only been once and thought the food was pretty good, so we were expecting even better.
After a few house margaritas at the bar, the bartender gave us a heads up that happy hour was over in 1 minute if anyone wanted a refill.  We thought that was pretty nice of her.
The four of us split 2 apps, which was enough food to whet our appetites before the main course.  The girls got fish tacos, the boys got pulled pork tacos and everyone shared.  After dinner we shared the churros which were not as good as I remember, though still good.
After we paid the check, the bartender offered us a free round of tequila shots before heading out - a great end to a great meal.  We left with enough food (but not too much) and a nice buzz.  I would go there again in a second.If you are looking for middle of the road Mexican, this place is for you.  I do not mean it is bad, the food is prepared well.  It is just not special; the service is good but not great.  The notable exception is the tequila, they had plenty of varieties, and they mixed their margaritas well.
So go, just do not expect exceptional.Yuu-UM! Great food, upbeat ambiance, great service...overall an amazing experience and restaurant! I loved that they played latin/spanish music! It is definitely a lively environment---amazing complement to the mexican cuisine served! 
For antojitos/appetizers: 
First, get the guacamole ($9). Someone will come by and mix & blend the ingredients from scratch into a delicious dip! 
The queso fundido ($9)---ok, it's simple in nature: melted cheese. But it is DELICIOUS! It is served with a side of warm, steamed tortillas. So good. 
The pulpo ($12)---light and delicious! Highly recommend it! 
Main entree: 
The salmon ($22). It is served with green fava beans and some bites of fried yuca, over a sea of some tasty, green sauce. The yuca was a tad salty but still great. The salmon was beautifully broiled and flavorful. Overall, a mouth-melting meal! 
No desert. But next time!Not quite 5 but more than 4 stars. I thoroughly enjoyed my two meals here. If I make it back here again I'll make a bee line for this place.We stopped in for dinner during a weekday to a nearly empty restaurant.  Waited 10 minutes for someone to greet and seat us.  We ordered the 'customized' guacamole.  The portion size is admirable but the guacamole was basically bland despite the additions you can select.  Chips were crisp and tasty though.  We order Tamales which were very disappointing.  The masa needed salt and the fillings are served along side the tamale, as a restaurant means not to have to make four kinds of tamales.  The mushroom mix was bitter tasting.  The pulled pork was dry and flavorless.   I also ordered a Gin and tonic (a pretty weak pour) and when I tried to order another drink they said they were out of gin.  Perhaps that was the reason for the weak pour, but what bar/restaurant runs out of gin when you serve umpteen kinds of tequila.  Pretty disappointing all the way around.Yum! The guacamole is so so good! And so are their drinks! Check out the downstairs, cool little area down there. I'd go back anytime!Went in for drinks at the bar and while didn't stay for a dinner in the dining room, we did order and share a few items off the menu.  Here are is my summary.The mushroom and artichoke flatbread had a great presentation and looked very appetizing however it did lack flavor and was a little bland.  The guacamole was fresh, flavorful and presented nicely.  You can order it with your own selection of ingredients, however, I went with the traditional.   My favorite was the tacos. Very flavorful and well done. Tender shredded pork finish fried to a crisp, served on corn tortillas with onions.   I would definitely go back for the tacos alone.  They were somewhat small so I did order a second helping.  The place does have all the right ingredients to be a local hot spot for modern Mexican.  The bar is very nice and the barman was extremely friendly and accommodating, although I do forget his name.  The margaritas were fabulous, they fresh squeeze the lime juice for each order, they were the best i've had outside of Mexico itself.  
I would certainly return again and recommend it to friends.The food was excellent, especially the guacamole, which you get to select your own combination of ingredients for.  The margaritas were excellent and the churros for dessert were amazing.    We were seated downstairs, which felt like somebody's basement.  Next time, I would request to be seated upstairs.Offensive.  Flavorless pre-made guacamole in a tiny bowl.  i've been robbed less at overpriced restaurants in manhattan.  what really got me was that it turned brown by the time we were down to the last chip (tops 10 minutes).  pampano, mama mexico, even dos caminos makes fresh guac at your table to order.  are you serious "So-Cheet"?  within the first 20 minutes of being at this restaurant, i can understand why they did an opentable spotlight.
The housemade chips aren't overly greasy and they're the perfect thickness, but is all that salt necessary?
The mushrooms in the tamale were tasty, but I thought the strong cheese didn't fit in, I could barely taste the pasilla chile gravy or house crema, so I can't say they added much.
Extremely dry, tough and tasteless short ribs--maybe this was the "lean kind" but it was really really dry/tough.  the golden potato gordita was great, but the roasted garden veggies were soggy, soaking in sauce, and just as uninteresting as the short ribs.
Completely dry and tasteless chicken (the special "pollo frito")--$25 for a half-chicken, are you serious?!  i made a more tender chicken breast on a fry pan the other night.  (entrees were $30 post-tax across the board--at those prices, I'd go to one of the amazing BYOs Philly offers)  24-hour brined does not make dry chicken!!!
The doughnuts were an incredible disappointment.  the chocolate sauce and whatever fruity sauce (they called it strawberry) they brought out seemed like they came out of a can and a film formed on the top of the chocolate almost instantly.  they should learn a thing or two from the stanton social.
I would give this place 2 stars but for the fact that the service was pretty terrible despite the very nice disposition of the waitress.  finished glasses and plates were not taken away unless we stacked them on top of each other and placed literally on the edge of the table.  the restaurant was hardly full so there was no excuse.  i specifically asked for no salt on my margarita, but surprise surprise, it came with salt.  my friend's first drink of the night never got cleared from the table--with 4 people at the table, are...you...for real?  i can appreciate paying happy hour prices for these drinks, but aside from the fresh ingredients like lemons, limes, mint, truly nothing to warrant the $10-15 cocktails (the cocktails go up in price from there).  the flights of tequila we tried were delicious but they could not make up for the fact that the food sucks.  sorry for the bluntness.I went here for a pre valentines dinner date last Sunday with my lady friend.  I was excited to see that the guacamole was made tableside, not scooped out of a plastic tub into a bowl and brought to the table.  It is also great that you can control the heat and cilantro and onion content of the guac to your own personal preference.  This was a nice touch to have personalized guacamole.  My girlfriend loves gaucamole, so this was like heaven for her.  We agreed that it was probably the best that we had ever had.  It was so fresh.  It was literally straight out of the avocado shell and into our mouths.
The entrees themselves were also very good, but less memorable than the gauc.  I had the baby back ribs.  although they had a nice smokey flavor, I prefer a baby back rib with a nice caramelized sheen on it instead of a really moist and thick rib.  Don't get me wrong, they were very good.  I've just had better.
I was comparing this place to Lolita.  I have to say that the beat Lolita's gauc hands down, but Lolita's entrees are much, much better and more flavorful.Had a great meal.  Camarones Con Caldo were awesome with just the right amount of spice.  The sweet plantain cake and avocado salad added good balance.
Would highly recommend a tequila flight.  Great way to cap off the meal.We went last Sunday.  They answered all my questions about GF, even checking with the chef on one dish [alas, it had flour in it, as I thought: mole].  The ceviche staring with C was good as were the margaritas.  They have mostly corn tacos, but check for the use of flour tortilla occasionally.  My chicken tacos were very good.
And NO gluten reaction!  YAY!
One point off for low lighting.The feel of Xochitil is a cozy, rustic Catina. It's understated atmosphere is a pleasant change from some of the other Mexican restaurants in the city.
I dined here during restaurant week and the service was pleasant and friendly. 
The made to order guacamole was very good and it's a nice personal touch to start the meal. I had the veggie options from the menu, a spinach ensalda, this was fresh and had a spicy kick, then the veggies enchiladas.  These were not bad but not spectacular. To end the meal I had the flan. Very good and great consistency. 
I'm not a huge margarita drinker and it was a late Sunday eve so I didn't get to try the drinks that people say are so good here. Overall a quaint option for Mexican cuisine in Philly.Tucked into a small storefront on Headhouse Square at Second and Lombard, just off of South Street and next to the Artful Dodger, you'll find Xochitl, one of Philly's hottest new restaurants.  Xochitl, pronounched "so-sheet," is named after an ancient Aztec queen, and I can only describe the fare as Latin American fusion.  And it is to-die-for.
I recommend starting your meal with the fresh guacamole made right at your table.   It is the single most delicious guacamole you will ever eat, and you will find yourself scraping the bottom of the bowl in order to get every last scrap of it.  At least that's what I did.  Following the guacamole and chips, I highly recommend the scallops and watermelon ceviche, which is on permanent special.  While the combination of watermelon with shellfish may sound unusual, I guarantee that the thinly sliced scallops placed atop fresh, sweet watermelon and topped with microgreens will be the most unexpected and heavenly flavor combination that you've ever tasted.
Once you've recovered from the mouth-watering appetizers, you will find that the entrees are just as delightful.  All of the varieties of ceviche served at Xochitl are delicious, and I especially liked their ceviche tostadas.  Another scrumptious dish is the poblano pepper stuffed with ground meat and topped with a vanilla walnut sauce.  If you prefer something else, Xochitl's menu is packed with creative concoctions featuring seafood, chicken, goat meat, and other proteins with spicy vegetable combinations.  The entire menu is featured online at www.xochitlphilly.com, except for the specials, so you can even make your decision before you arrive.
If you still have room for dessert after your meal, you will have difficulty choosing just one item from the dessert menu.  I was too stuffed when I went there, so I opted for the Mexican hot chocolate, which was rich, creamy, and had the slightest hint of some sort of pepper.  My boyfriend and I were there for my birthday, and I suppose that I confounded his plans because I ordered hot chocolate instead of a solid dessert, but the waitress was so sweet that she stuck a lit birthday candle onto the hot chocolate's saucer.  If that's not personalized service, I don't know what is!
In addition to the wonderful food, Xochitl also serves a variety of tequilas and other drinks that you will find appealing.  The tequilas are their specialty, and you can order a sampler flight of three from their extensive tequila menu.  You can also order tequila in cucumber shot glasses.  They also have margaritas, Mexican beer, and other alcoholic beverages.  My favorite drink, however, is their slightly sweet hibiscus-infused water.  If you are adventurous, I suggest their spicy beer concoction, which mixes beer with tomato juice and other spices.
Finally, Xochitl's charming atmosphere and decor combines with its menu to make it one of the hippest new restaurants in Philly.  The cozy upstairs features a full bar area and a dining area, complete with the type of candle-lit decor one might imagine is featured in the old grand haciendas of Zorro's days.  If you go downstairs, you'll find another full bar and charming lounge area, where you can order drinks and food, and the entire atmosphere there is reminiscent of being on a starlight veranda.  The walls are a deep blue, the lighting is low, the couches are comfy, and candlelight twinkles off of mirrors all around you.
I highly recommend making reservations if you intend to go for dinner because seating in the dining area is limited, and this place is becoming ever more popular by the minute.
In all, I would say this is one place that  everyone in Philadelphia ought to try.
UPDATE:  I've been here several times now, and I love this place more and more.  Everything I've had is always perfect, so I'm convinced the chef is a genius.  They also often run specials, like 4-course meals for $35.  The most recent special is the Frida Kahlo menu, which will run until the Frida show at the Art Museum closes on May 18, and which features recipes stolen from Frida's own recipe box (and, I'm sure, improved by the chef - it was all amazingly delicious).  Seriously, the chef there has a real knack for creating perfectly balanced dishes with delicate flavors and mind-blowing delectability.  Take, for example, some of his soups, which come with the ingredients in the bowl, and the broth is poured in at the table, with fresh onions and cilantro on the side.  Pure heaven.I was really disappointed by my last experience at Xochitl. I hadn't been there for years and it has changed quite a bit, and not for the better.
Pros:
-Service was good.
-They seated us on time.
-Server was informative and not too overbearing (but he did seem to take it personally when it was obvious we didn't like our food).
-Nice size portions (we went for restaurant week and it was a good amount of food for the $35).
Cons:
-Owner and menu have changed and that means NO MORE SOPA AZTECA!! That's the ONLY reason I wanted to go there! Huge disappointment. For some reason I was confusing the tortilla soup with Sopa Azteca. Well, that was dumb of me!
-The food just fell short. We ordered the 4 cheese empanadas and they were just so heavily fried, seemed almost triple fried. I know that many empanadas are fried but these were just so heavy and well, I couldn't finish them.
-My friend and I shared the adobo shrimp and pollo frito. The server was really pushing the pollo. It wasn't anything spectacular, trust! 'm glad that I didn't pay full price for that because $30 for a mediocre fried chicken would just be frustrating. 
-Dessert. Well by the time we ordered, one of the choices was removed because "something happened in the kitchen." We got the doughnuts and the flan. The flan stood out, it was good. Again, the doughnuts seemed like they were quadruple fried or something. 
I'm really, really bummed out about this because I so loved Xochitl the other times I've been. Needless to say, I won't be heading back anytime soon. 
Can someone please tell me where to find a killer Sopa Azteca!???Went to this dive last week. Service was horrendous . Waited an hour before our food was served. Seemed like there was not enough waiting staff to handle our party. Beef tacos were subpar. And drinks tasted funny. Would not recommend this overpriced hole in the wall.Great location, great service, and good food! It was fun building our guacamole to order on a selection sheet, and it was delicious. Would definitely recommend for a fun night out....also brought the kids, and they loved it!Man do they know good mexican. I would highly recommend the Short rib tamale. It was insanely flavorful and I wish I hadn't filled up on cerviche and guac before it came out, but those were excellent too so no harm no foul.
Love how they do the checklist for the guac. Getting to try guac with chipotle and oaxaca cheese was a whole new experience of guac and I loved every second of it. The cerviche was also very tasty. Think the crab one was a bit more flavorful than the other ones but they were both enjoyable. Presentation was pretty, margaritas plentiful, service lovely. This place wins in my book.I love this place for several reasons but I am sorry to say I cannot rate the dinner hear any higher due to the inconsistency I get in food, NOT the margaritas. 
I have been coming here for a solid 2 years now.  I moved here in Jan of 2011 from the southwest so I feel like I know Mexican food. On a good night this place is awesome!  On the others, it is not good. This is very disappointing for someone looking for a "home cooked" tasting meal.
As I mentioned before, the margs are always on!  The Perfect Margarita is just that and the guacamole is good too.Try the Braised Rib Tamales. A little different in presentation than the tamale you're used to but boy, the flavor is outstanding. Margaritas are served how you like them - not made from a mix so they can tweak them for you. Fabulous service, the price reflects the overall quality.
I've got to say I think this is my favorite place.I love Xochitl's food and bartenders and drinks! They are all wonderful. I love that there is a second happy hour in the very sexy lounge. There is nothing to complain about in food, except that it may be a little more upscale (pricier) than I'm used to - but that is not a problem. It is a nice place to go if I want something fancier than usual. Great presentation and decor, as well. The problem I do have is that a couple of times, I've tried to get in and there isn't room, yet the lounge isn't open downstairs. Why they would choose to not use the extra room when they clearly have the demand is beyond me. The hostess seemed very pleased to turn me away and tell me there wouldn't be a table for about 4 hours. I didn't like the attitude, as I'd experienced it before. No one wants to be turned away from their favorite places, and even a fake "I'm sorry" would have been a better answer.I love the concept of building your own Guacamole. We came here on a whim on a Friday night for dinner and left very full and very happy. Lets start with the Guac. There is a card on the table that allows you to pick various add-ons to thier Guac base (avacado, lime, cilantro salt and pepper) We added raw garlic, plum tomatoes, raw onions (For free) and then added some items that cost $1.00/item corn and pomegranate, on top of all that we also were given the ability to control the spiceness so naturally we chose habenero because for some strange reason I like to sweat and itch my head while I eat.
On top of the guac we ordered a ceviche plate which was good but not great, I feel ceviche is all about the fish the ceviche here seemed like the fish was the secondary ingredient. We also ordered fish tacos and chicken tacos which were both phenomenal!! Can't say enough of the marinades on both the chicken and fish! 
All in all we had a great dinner, only word of caution is that this place can get heavy on the wallet if you're not careful on how you order.I am going to throw this out there... I think Xochitl has some of the best guacamole in the city. We have dropped in here twice and gotten seats both times. I wouldn't expect this though, I think we were just lucky. Wait staff and hosts are so friendly and the food is good too! I have had the chicken and rice and the salmon. The salmon was wonderful! The margaritas are a little too stiff, but that's not a deal breaker and my husband had the michelada, which was really great and different.This place made me swear off restaurant week. Usually my husband and I avoid busy restaurants on Fridays and Saturdays and opt for a Thursday date night, we have also sworn off Valentine's Day and any other amateur hour/prix fixe/everyone is out type of night. We were still clinging to restaurant week, but have been let down on so many occasions.  Bummer. 
We started off with drinks, and there is something off about the drinks here. I can't place it, but they just taste awful, and we had three different drinks. The worst was the blood orange martini. It tasted so flat and bland and almost watered down. The Pepino, the jalapeño/cucumber/basil beverage should have been packed with flavor, but fell flat with just heat and little actual taste. It was the best of the three. I then tried the cherry grand marnier drink, can't remember the name as recommended by the manager--again it fell flat and though it had been described to me as "sweet" it was not at all. I could taste the alcohol hardcore, but little else. I suspect they are using low quality tequilas and charging top shelf prices, but that's just my theory. 
We placed our order-- guac that we customized, cheese empanadas, mexican flatbread, two vegetable sopas and the churros and chocolate tres leches cake for dessert. Our guac arrived and again, I only tasted the heat of the habanero that we had requested. We also asked for spanish onions, roasted garlic and tomatoes. I have made better guacamole whilst drunk. BLAND city. I even squeezed a lime in it form my drink to brighten the flavor, nothing. It was also way too smooth, like they had a vat of pureed avocado in the back and were just adding things in quickly. The chips also needed more salt. 
Next, we received our entrees instead of our apps. When the guy (not our waiter) put them down in front of us we were all "nope, didn't get apps yet" and he was all ok, bye and left the entrees there. Uh what? The manager did come over and apologize and offer us a free drink for the mistake, encourage us to eat meal in reverse. We did, and it kind of ruined the whole night since we filled up like crazy on the heavy entree. We then waited quite some time for our apps. The empanadas were the only amazing part of the meal. The flatbread had an odd mouthfeel to it, was greasy and again lacked flavor. We waited awhile again for our desserts and our waiter was mostly MIA for the entire meal.  Finally dessert. The churros were not fully cooked. The oil was obviously too hot because they outsides were crispy and brown, but they were pure uncooked batter inside. Gross. This was confirmed by the table next to us, as theirs were also partially raw. The cake was yummy. Subpar meal, bad drinks, kind of crappy service. I did appreciate the effort from the manager, but he has some work to do. Wish I'd tried this place before it changed hands.I came here this past Friday night with the BF and our Groupon in hand.  It's not often that we venture out to Society Hill so kudos to finding a reason to visit this part of town.  We got there for dinner around 9ish or so and sat down.  What struck me about the place was how much effort they put into their drinks, particularly their tequila selection (the waitress reminded me multiple times they were a tequila bar).  It's a shame that they don't put nearly as much effort into the food.  But when your bar area is about the same size as your dining room, go figure.
We started with an order of guacamole with housemade chips, the red snapper ceviche, and the queso fundo with chorizo.  First off, the guac is hideously expensive ($9 or upwards for a relatively small dish).  The design-your-own format is creative, but open to some pretty expensive and awful combinations (bleu cheese and crab?  really?)  The ceviche was messy and clunky to eat; the fish was still in really large chunks, so it was awkward when I tried to bring some over to my plate and didn't expect to be reaping such a large piece of fish.  The queso fundo was good, but kind of messy to eat as well.  Also, I didn't realize the chorizo was served ground; I would have preferred small cubed chunks or bigger pieces.
For dinner, I ordered the steak tacos, which looked nice but like the other dishes, was poorly executed.  There was simply too much meat on the small corn tortillas, and I ended up dripping steak juice all over my hands while I tried to eat the tacos.  He got the deconstructed short rib tamale, which looked and tasted way better than my high-end tacos.  Served as a fork-and-knife dish, it was also less messy and awkward to eat and enjoy
Overall, I thought the food was just ok.  Everything tasted pretty good, but there needs to be more thought put into how the dishes are going to be eaten, not just how they look or taste.  Not even my margarita, which was really damn delicious, could save this dinner or my chances of returning any time soon.  Also, thank goodness we had the Groupon because otherwise this meal would have been way overpriced.If you and your friends can figure out how to pronounce the name of the place (its "so-chi") tell them to come here. I love Spanish/Mexican places that are authentic and not overly priced. They have a bunch of guacamole options, get all of them, and their street corn side is zesty and delicious. Tacos were great too.Xo-Cheat on your diet!  It's Xo-worth it and Xo-great to come here.  I love the Oaxacan cuisine and kick-y cocktails with real tropical fruits used in making them.  I have been here twice already and, although pricey - and sometimes unbearably crowded, I will be back again and again.  It's Xo-Good!
The Aussie Bartender is muy, muy caliente!
Try a couple of Dona Florinda cocktails with fresh prickly pear cactus fruit.  Super Yum!Ideally, this would be a 4.5 star rating. Xochitl has become our go to for birthday dinners. I've eaten here three time, twice for their Day of the Dead menu. The four course $35, prefixe menu has always been a charmer. Along with the guacamole made tableside in the mortar and pestle. Everytime I leave stuffed, and fully satisfied. 
To clarify, this is not what I would classify as 'mexican food.' For that I walk five blocks in any direction in south philly, and find myself with a bangin meal for under ten. Xochitl is more of a haute-mexican, with old style flavors. Just don't come expecting a burrito.
EDIT:
Okay, they changed their menu. Not cool.Best margarita (watermelon chili) in the city.   The guacamole is also amazing.  Nice small spot on 2nd street.  Everyone there is friendly.  Great atmosphere.Walking around town on a Friday night looking for a place to eat with no reservations and it being restaurant week, I was sure we would be eating at a dive or heading home to make tacos.. Not the case! We stumbled upon Xochitl and my boyfriend remembered hearing good things about it so in we went. We barely waited 3 minutes before being seated. Pretty decent given the circumstances. As it was restaurant week, Xochitl had a fixed 4 course menu at $35 a person. The meal started off with a customizable guacamole (we added red onion, roasted garlic, and cilantro) so yummy and the tortilla chips were perfectly crisp with just enough saltiness. Then on to the first course: we chose the cheese filled empanadas and some type of flat bread with mushrooms and cheese. I must admit that though good, the first courses were a tad bland. For example the flat bread could have used a little squeeze of citrus. For main courses, I ordered the short rib (served with a potato gordita and roasted veggies) and bf ordered the pollo frito (served with cornbread and greens) at the waiter's recommendation. The short rib was fantastic, perfectly glazed and tender but the potato and veggies were alittle lacking. I can't comment on the pollo frito but the cornbread it was served with was the best I've had yet. For dessert, we ordered the flan and doughnuts (served with both chocolate and strawberry dipping sauces). Both were very good. I also cannot comment on the drinks but if I visit again, I will most definitely give them a try. If you haven't been to Xochitl, I recommend giving it a go.Great food and margaritas. The menu is a bit difficult to navigate, but we loved everything we ordered. The el sabor menu was a great deal. Homemade Guacamole for the table, a choice of appetizer and an entree for $29. Based off the entree prices it really is a fabulous bargain. The atmosphere is quiet and not as "fun" and lively as promised. It was a good quiet spot to go with friends.No offense, but I thought the food was pretty mediocre.  I really wanted to like this place, and I thought maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.  But I also tasted what others in my party had, and we were all pretty disappointed.  I appreciate the effort to make innovate yet "authentic" dishes, but I think the execution was off.  My mole dish did not taste like mole.   It was just bitter and I could barely eat it.  My tortilla soup was so-so.  The Chile en Nogada was super sweet so almost inedible. 
The margaritas are good.  But I have to say, overall the food was a huge disappointment.  I won't be going back unless it is for the tequila.Me and my girlfriend had the Tequila Patron Pairing for two and was great. The service was excellent and the food was very well prepared and tasty. It was a complete experience. The Guacamole is to die for and the Huarache de Hongos is really really good. I definitely recommend this restaurant.Once draped in white tablecloths and awash in upscale "pre-Hispanic" influenced Mexican plates, Xochitl has reconcepted into a more casual and inexpensive cantina.  Cutting down the wall that divided the dining room from the bar unites the room, spreading that buzzy vibe we like so well across the whole space.  
The Happy Hour here is still amazing -- $5 margs always made with premium tequila and fresh-squeezed lime juice, discount beer.  The uber-special runs Thursday night from 10 p.m. - 1 a.m., when happy hour prices reign on drinks (in the cozy downstairs lounge) and the ENTIRE menu is half-price.  You read it right, pals, half-price everything. 
Queso fundido, ceviche, pork cheek tacos, churros, oh my.  Service is always friendly and accomodating -- they dropped the tablecloths and prices, but not the quality or knowledge.My friends and I went here for restaurant week. They acccomodated our large party of 10 and we were thankful. Our server was friendly and got every order right. Right before we got dessert, our one friend who had work met up with us to go out after we were finished dinner. We asked the hostess for another chair just so she could sit down while we finished. Without even looking around or trying to find one, she replied with a snotty attitude "We don't have any extra chairs. You do know it's restaurant week, right?" When I then stated that of course I knew it was restaurant week and reminded her that our bill was almost $600 and asked if she could at least check to see if they had an extra chair, she responded "Your reservation was only for 10 people. We don't have any extra chairs." Meanwhile, a table across from us and a ton of bar chairs were open. Our friend shared a chair with one of us until we were finished dessert. My friends were disgusted by this hostess. She had a horrible attitude. We were spending a lot of money on food and drinks that night and this hostess absolutely left a sour taste in our mouth by the time we left. The food was ok, but not worth the condescending attitude from the hostess. Customer service is key at a restaurant. NONE OF US WILL BE BACK.