Dinner experience was excellent. Food was traditional Greek. Server was good and made sure we were well taken care of. Owner/Chef came to our table to ensure we had a great experience. Hummus, Tzatziki and Lemon soup were exceptional. I had the chicken for dinner and my colleagues had the lamb. Overall an excellent experience.I cannot say enough about this establishment. 
The food is amazing. The service is better. 
Kenny has to be the best bartender around.  Eric is the greatest host/jack of all trades ever. 
Come here. Enjoy the experience. 
I promise, you won't be let down!Completely unexpected five-star experience. As we walked by the restaurant, I just thought it would be average Greek food. But there was a lot more in store inside...
Every single dish we ordered was outstanding.  The hummus was seasoned perfectly and served with piping hot, fresh pita.  Grilled calamari in balsamic reduction and grilled octopus with lemon and olive oil also got high praise!  But best of all was my salmon entrée. The salmon was cooked perfectly... juicy and able to cut it with a fork only.  Even the rice pilaf served with it was perfect. How many times do you hear people rave about the rice pilaf?!
But even better was the outstanding service!  If you go there, please make sure that you sit in Italian grandmother Carlin's section!  She cracked really funny jokes with excellent delivery, made sure our glasses were always full, and even gave us free second helping of hummus.I love that Zesty's menu has a "traditional greek" section.  Usually I have to ask the waiter to point out their most popular traditional foods.  The food and service was greatAmber was a great server the food was mediocre no seasoning while cooking made it a challenge to create flavor once it was delivered to our table. I honestly would not go back again or recommend it.The exceptional experience I had last night at Zesty's actually resulted in a touch of regret, regret for not having tried Zesty's before in the years I've been living in the area and walking by it. Therefore, I would like to express my sincerest apologies to my palate for this unnecessary deprivation of deliciousness. 
We decided to stop into Zesty's at around 7pm on a Friday night, after visiting a few neighboring establishments for pre-dinner drinks. In fact, the plan was for Zesty's to be but another of our one-drink stops on the way to have dinner someplace else. It was the warm, inviting environment that caused us to stay and finish our night here with dinner. 
The space is actually pretty beautiful, and boasts a kind of religious theme. There are large posters of interior shots from St. John's (the huge cathedral-esque church in Manayunk), and the booths actually look like real wooden church pews. This accompanied a rustic aesthetic, with hints of modernity, all in a dim lighting. It's really the sort of place where you want to hang out for a long time. 
The beer selection was pretty good, and most of the beers on tap were decent imports, along with a couple of local crafts brews and the requisite Miller Lite. I had a Franziskaner (properly served in a hefe weizen glass) and a Palm, which I believe is a Belgian ale. My wife had a simple mixed drink, which was made well. 
The high point of the experience was actually the food. The menu is fairly extensive, with the highlights being Greek specialties and seafood. I made an uncharacteristic decision and went with the seafood special. The special, which was a little pricey at $32 (but was intended for two people, to be fair), was a whole Dorado fish that weighed about 2lbs. It was spectacular. The fish was charcoal grilled, fileted, and had most of the bones removed. It was in a very subtle buttery sauce that just served to accentuate the flavors of the fish. It was finished with capers and a little too much fresh flat-leaf parsley. I generally don't go this crazy with my orders, in fact spending that much on a dish is kind of anathema to me, but I would totally order this again. 
Finally, I should note that the staff was exceptionally pleasant, and I really liked everyone we encountered there. You should definitely check this place out.Came to this restaurant after peeking at the menu online while looking for good dining in Manayunk. First off, the name Zesty's reminds me of some cheap wing bar. When you walk into this place, it's a mess. The decor is cheesy, unwelcoming. The restaurant seemed confused. However, the food was decent. My girlfriend is Greek, growing up in a family who owned a critically successful restaurant in Greek town of Baltimore. My expectations are somewhat lofty. We have both had a lot of great Greek food. Zesty's was good. The octopus was cooked and seasoned well. The hummus was great. My girlfriend ordered the crab cakes, which were solid but not spectacular. I enjoyed th Arni Souvlaki. Rice was just what I expected and the lamb was juicy and flavorful. Our server came off as pretentious and rude when my girlfriend tried to relate by telling him she was Greek. The food also took forever, and we were one of three tables in the entire restaurant. Not sure if I'll be back. Even though the food was decent.I love this place! It's one of my go-to spots when we want a tasty meal and friendly service. We usually sit at the bar as the full menu is available and bartenders are friendly and always willing to tell you what they love to eat on the menu. The hummus is fantastic and a must-have in my book. I love the Greek flatbread, spanikopita and the slouvaki. The baklava cheesecake is a must order and addictive! They have valet parking which is key in a weekend in Manayunk.Had great hopes for this Greek place, but someone needs to introduce the chef to his/her spice rack!  We had moussaka and spanokopita, both of which were BLAND. BLAND!!!Overall Zesty's was okay.   Interesting retro-ish decor that I was not expecting.   But my kids liked the fish tank, globe light fixtures, and slow changing color lights behind the bar.   The random flashing lights on the ceiling seemed a bit out of place though.
Food - definitely been to more authentic places for Greek and/or Mediterranean food, but wasn't bad.   Was pretty salty (but many places are).
Service was good, nothing to complain about.   We were there super early for dinner with young kids though.  Fairly pricey for a middle of the road restaurant with only medium portions.If I could give this place more then 5 stars I would. I went here last night for dinner because I had bought a living social deal awhile ago and figured we'd give it a try. We went at 9:30pm on a saturday night and there was only one other couple eating. The waiter was super helpful when we asked questions about the menu and even gave suggestions. The bread they give it a good size loaf and the oil infused with garlic is delightful. We shared the hummus appetizer and it was delicious...warm pita and creamy yummy hummus. I got the ricotta gnocchi (I was slightly hesitant bc i'm not a big fan of gorgonzola) and it was superb. The sauce was super tasty and not too overpowers and the gnocchi was amazing....melts in your mouth. You can tell it was fresh and they made it fresh and not store packaged and just boiled. My BF got  the chicken lefkadas and loved it as well. Good portions, not bad prices...would totally recommend. Definitely coming back here!!!Amazing food! Amazing service! They were extremely friendly. The chef even came out and thanked us for coming. My lamb was so tender I didn't even need a knife. Out of this world delicious. Highly recommended!Came here with a Groupon and admittedly did not have high expectations.  My boyfriend and I ordered the mussels, lamb with orzo, and the shrimp with greek olives and rice.  All of which were fresh, delicious, and different than anything else in Manayunk.   The martinis with hand-stuffed feta olives were amazing.  The waiter was super friendly and even the owner came out to say hello and ask how everything was.  5/5 will make this my 'regular' place in town.Had a great late lunch at Zesty's. The owner welcomed us and were seated right away.  Food was excellent, well prepared.  Had the marinated octopus, Greek salad and a delightful mousakka. Excellent service.  Highly recommended!I am really shocked at the relatively high marks that this place has received. This was one of the worst dining experiences we have had in recent memory.
We came here for a late lunch. My main issue was with the quality of the food. If this qualifies as Greek food, it is an EXTREMELY Americanized version of Greek food. We ordered the avgolemono soup, a large Greek salad with grilled chicken, and the octopus appetizer. The avgolemono was edible, but it tasted somewhat artificial and had an excessively heavy consistency, like someone had added too much artificial thickener. The "Greek" salad was generous in size, but the lettuce was droopy and the dressing was excessively vinegary. They were very skimpy with the feta, which was the crumbled variety and tasted very industrial, with little character. The chicken was partially burned, totally dry, and barely edible. But the biggest disappointment was the octopus. It was tough as a tire and drowning in vinegar. We didn't finish it. This mediocre food, along with two beers and a juice, was $60. It was, to say the least, not worth the money.
The other major issue was the service. We arrived around 2.30pm and asked for a booth. We were told they were no longer seating in the booth area, but could put us in the back. Fine. But when we sat down, it became apparent that the reason we were being seated in the back is that they were preparing for a private party. From that point on, we sat through tables sailing past one inch from our faces, chairs being dragged across the floor with ear piercing screeches, and the party organizer fighting with the waiters and manager just to the side of our table. If this wasn't unpleasant enough, our waitress was doing double time serving our table and doing party prep. She didn't write down our order, and clearly forgot about the octopus. Rather than admitting the mistake when she brought the other food, she put in a late order and we had to wait another 15-20 minutes for that dish. 
My overall impression is that this place has its eye more attuned to profit making than quality food and service. One or two other servers (though not our own) apologized for the clearly unpleasant experience we were having. Note to manager: close your restaurant when you have a private party, or at least warn guests about what is going on. If you are clearly providing a subpar experience, have the decency to comp your guest a drink or appetizer, just as a gesture of good will.  Needless to say, we won't be coming back here.I went because I had a $50 Living Social deal. I remember this as being a really great place years ago. We were the only table. It took 20 minutes to get our drinks. The appetizers of hummus and octopus were actually good. The entrees and service were terrible. The salmon was over cooked and my stuffed chicken was inedible as it was over cooked and stuffed with canned spinach. I took two bites and pushed it to the edge of the table. It took another 20 minutes for the server to approach and ask
If I wanted to bag it to go. I would not go back and now I see why they have a living social deal. This place has really declined.Grilled branzino fish was must try. Cooked in old school way, took a while, but well worthy. The skin was crispy while the meat was kept juicy and tender. Magic! It was the best fish dish I have ever had. 
The bread and dip was also fantastic!I've been a loyal customer of Zesty's for 6 years! The food is amazing, Tom (the owner and chef) makes the most amazing meals - try the mussels, hummus, greek salad.. really anything on the menu, and i'm sure you will be impressed! 
Lately, there have been amazing nightly specials! I am pretty sure that wednesdays are LADiES NIGHT! lots of fun.  its so versatile.. i go there with co workers for a happy hour cocktail, my family and I enjoy dinner there everytime they come to town, and my girlfriends and I go there to dance and party with their amazing DJ's! 
Always an excellent time :) I suggest you find out for yourself!The food here is really, really good but the service could be vastly better. Only two servers were working on a Friday night during restaurant week and frankly, they weren't really that busy. Unfortunately, the great food could not overcome the depressingly slow service. I can't imagine that I would return here.Great place to go for a cold beer & some mussels!! Joe the bar tender is a great!Above average food but terrible service. We saw our waiter once to place our order and once to collect the check. A more seasoned waiter did step up and was very polite and tried to make amends for his coworker who was clearly dropping the ball. All things considered it was a fair experience. It could have been a much better experience with a different waiter.Wasn't too sure what to expect from Zesty's, but was pleasantly surprised.  Had a good sized menu with many options, but the ostrich caught my eye.  If you have never had ostrich before I suggest you try it! Amaazzzing! Similar to beef but more lean.  So delish. Service was okay, a little slow, but the food was great.The food was very very good. The only thing is i wish the mussels with the pasta was not in the shell. The service was great and I loved the decor. We will definitely come back.Fair at best
I really really wanted to like this restaurant experience, but it fell short. Our waitress was new and didn't get the feeling she had very much training. Food was overpriced for what you got. Vegetarian casserole dish looked like a compaction of pressed vegetables the size of a large deck of cards served on a plate - not even a sprig of parsley as garnish. The Bronzino fish was filleted and served with head/tail, but it was the thin side of the fish with a ton of bones. Had to carefully bite and chew to remove bones in every bite, plus it was over cooked and dry. Hummus appetizer was fair; can get better tasting ones at supermarket. It was squirted into a pile that reminded me of a particular emoji! To top it all, the wine list is given to you on an iPad in a heavy, clumsy and DIRTY case. Had to go to restroom to wash my hands after handling it and swiping thru offerings. (Wipe it clean! There was gunk on the glass. Eew!) Many better dining options out there.The food has always been great, but since they've re-opened, the menu has changed slightly, which is disappointing. I am allergic to gluten, and they used to have rice with my favorite dish, the lamb arni souvlaki. Now it is orzo.  They also use iPads to place orders, which appears cumbersome for the waitstaff to use, at least each time I've been in.  Also, and this is nitpicking, but the new menu had embarrassing spelling mistakes. How hard is it to spell-check before you create your menu for the public?It was our first time at Zesty's and we absolutely loved it!  The food was delish!  And the service was fantastic!   Our server Pavlos was fabulous!  We will request to sit in his section next time we come!  And there will be a next time!  I recommend you come to Zesty's your next visit to Manayunk!  And ask for Pavlos!  You won't be disappointed!Anjelica is the BEST server ever! We've been twice. The first time was her first day and it was such an awesome experience. Food was delicious and portions were perfect. Second time was just for an appetizer and glass of wine. We sat in Anjelica's station again. Thanks for a great experience.This is one of those places that I've walked past a million times on Main Street and somehow never noticed.  Or, I guess I should say I've noticed it but just assumed it was some sort of cheap, relatively crappy restaurant.  The combination of the long store front, color, cheap looking sign, and name all shout unappealing.  Not to mention the fact that it always appears to be empty.  I was quite surprised when I walked in and saw two very fancy bars, granite tables, and a fish tank.  I was served complimentary bread with oil, which is always a nice touch, but the bread left something to be desired.  For my dinner, even though I know this is a Mediterranean style restaurant, I stupidly ordered a pizza.  The sauce was really good but other than that the pizza was pretty terrible.  Too much cheese and an unfortunately floppy and under-cooked thin crust.  I can at least see the potential in it being pretty good.  My girlfriend made a much, much better choice with the grilled calamari, which was quite delicious.  Good texture, good flavor.  I should add that she only got the calamari after her first choice of meal was unavailable.  I could see myself coming back at some point and trying something else besides the pizza from the menu, but I'm honestly not sure how long Zesty's will be here as I can't imagine it's turning a profit.The place was packed on a Saturday night. We had to sit by the door, but even the draft couldn't ruin the fine meal I had here. 
We began with the hummus, which was as good as others have stated. For the main course I went with the Chicken Lefkadas, which is chicken breast stuffed with fresh spinach & feta cheese, served on top of mashed potatoes and green beans, with mushroom cream sauce. Amazingly tasty. My guest had the Liga Apo Olla, which while filling was a bit less inspiring.
For dessert we tried the baklava cheesecake, which was good, but I would have preferred straight baklava, as cheesecake to me is a bit tired.
The atmosphere/decor was quite inviting, with inventive use of lighting, including colored lights of the ceiling. Our server Sophie returned often to refill our glasses. I don't understand all the losers here complaining about it being overpriced - one joked about going to Burger King instead - maybe that tells you something. (FYI the nearest Burger King is on Chelten Avenue in Germantown.)
Final note - there are two bars here, making it a fine place to imbibe your favorite libation in style. I had not seen it since the renovation but I am sure I will return soon.I've never been a huge fan of Greek food but thought I would give Zesty's a try after reading a few pretty good reviews on Yelp. 
Since it was such a nice night my friend and I decided to sit outside although the interior of the restaurant looked really nice, too. After glancing over the menue we decided to get a bunch of dishes and share them since so much of it sounded yummy. We started with the mussels and they were awesome! I haven't had mussels in awhile and boy did these hit the spot. It was a huge portion and the white wine broth that they were soaking in was delicious! Next we got the Greek spreads and the greek salad. I've finally made it official that I'm not a huge fan of hummus but absolutely loved the tzatziki. The pita was also very fresh and lightly grilled. The greek salad was awesome. It was huge and fresh and the vinaigrette was perfect! We finished off with the gyro platter which was also really good. The lamb and beef was accompanied by rice pilaf that I could have eaten all night long!!! Yum, yum, yum!! It was so good that I've thought about it multiple times today... 
Service was great, prices were even better. Would definitely recommend Zesty's to anyone who likes Greek food or would want to try something new!The atmosphere is cool. They did a nice job decorating. We sat at the bar and had drinks and wood fire pizza. Bartender, Joe, was nice and friendly. Pizza wasn't very good and they forgot one of my toppings! Had a lot of fresh fish on the menu- seemed pricey for what you get.This place has a ton of potential but could use some few key tweaks to avoid falling prey to the many closures you see scattered around Main Street. I went here for dinner last night (Saturday) around 7, and it was pretty quiet inside. I think they recently redid the indoor decor and it looks very nice, but they 100% should dim the lights more in the evening. It was very bright and felt too casual for the setting, especially since there was really nice live music throughout dinner. The bright lights didn't match the ambiance. Another thing that was very odd/annoying is that it seems there was only one drink menu, in the form of an incredibly heavy iPad. It was at our table for a while but then was taken away because, I'm assuming, another table needed it. Plus the iPad menu wasn't even updated with the wines they had in stock. They could really benefit from paper drink menus!
The food was very good and authentic, but overpriced. They could also benefit but telling the costs of the food specials upfront. I've passed this place so many times and never looked twice because the logo and colors make it look like some kind of late-night burger joint for the drinking crowd. You have authentic Mediterranean food inside -- make the outside match! 
It was good food and nice experience, but those key little things are what keeps it from being somewhere I'd want to go again.Great atmosphere. The food was very average. Was kind of disappointing . It was 3 of us we had different appetizers and meals and everything was sort of boring and flavorless .  Love Greek food bit this place was far from favorites  ..$5 sangria Saturday (huge, delicious sangia), and the best calamari I've ever eaten.  Cute church pews for booths.  Definitely good.went in at 9 on a Monday. Not one person was there. Stayed for a while and drank and they ended kicking us out because it was 1030 and they wanted to go home!I don't know how I've missed this place over the past 5 years I've lived in Philadelphia and come to Manayunk.  I made a reservation for 9 for 630 on a Saturday night and we were seated right away as we came in.  Know that valet is complimentary; we brought multiple cars and 2 of us didn't see the free valet sign.  Whoops.
No wine menu so be sure to ask the server about the wines available.  The humus was delicious- a must order dish.  You can tell it's a home made dish.  I ordered a Greek side salad which was good, just a little too much dressing (there was a small pool of dressing at the bottom of my bowl).  The grape leaves were also a table favorite
I ordered the scallops for dinner, very good and well done and I liked the sauce.  Grandma ended up ordering the same thing and was glad she went with it!  Mom ordered the shrimp Glyfada and it was gone by the end of the night.  There were 2 or 3 other dishes ordered that people devoured.  The service was great and the servers did a good job with us, especially as service began to pick up later in the evening.  I'd come back here!I really feel bad giving this review.
It feels as if no one in the restaurant realizes what's wrong, and everyone is so nice.
Right to business then...
Ordered their 3 appetizer sampler- Humus was not fresh and loaded with enough garlic to kill a few vampires, just like Humus used to be in the 90's around here.
Tzasiski had less garlic than the humus(that was good), but lacked any salt.
The bread was stale, the pita was warmed up, but was freezer burned, based on Taste.
Greek salad is far from it(and in a "Greek" place that's a shame). Tons of lettuce few crumbs of feta and a balsamic vinaigrette- you know, like they do in Greece- lots of vinaigrette !?!? Now- "fresh" Bronzino... not fresh. I actually saw them making the fish and flavoring it. No fresh lemon, no olive oil, just a bottle of "whatever" they had to mix a lot before putting it on the fish.
They have fish on display, on ice as you walk in, and it looks great unless you know your fish. All are not fresh, cloudy eyes are a HUGE giveaway. 
Ordered Lamb Souvlaki and was asked for temperature, which was a good sign. I said medium rare.... got well done instead.
OK.... enough with the niceties - in the menu it says applewood charred, but no, these were pan made. Yes, no holes for the skewer that would go in a souvlaki,  it was literally all cooked through in a pan/oven. Grey lamb?!?!? Really?!?? Not a single hint of red.
I returned the dish. 
Funny enough, the microwaved rice (pilaf) was garnished with some boxed tomato sauce, and.... no tzaziki!!!! A souvlaki served without that?????  
Upon returning the dish, the kitchen crew came out. They all seemed to be authentic and Greek, but why the royal mess? It is a shame, after being in Greece, and in Cyprus, to see this Micky-D version of Greek food made by Greeks that do not know that America knows of places like Estia that serve very simple but fresh Greek food.
Mind you, Estia is no "awesome" Greek restaurant, it just serves fresh tomatoes with home made feta as a salad, and fresh fish/seafood. That makes it an amazing Greek place.
At the end, the manager took off the lamb, and both my IPA  beer orders, but unfortunately we will not go there again. 
I left a full tip for our server, who was great. 
I stopped myself from lecturing them that they have the curse of Main Street, which is bad restaurants built on foot traffic.
Greek food is so simple and phenomenal when it is ............ Fresh!
Guys!!! Wake up!!!! It's a Thursday night and you have three tables
The absolute sin was that even without alcohol and without a main meat dish we were at almost $100 - now that is a killer .
Left there hungry, and opted for, as always... Wendy's on ridge.just so so. fish was over cooked. asparagus was overcooked. expensive for eh food. would not go back.First of all, I was in love with the atmosphere. The entire restaurant was closed during the winter for renovation and the result was stunning! I can't believe it was all done by the owner who was over 70 years old!
The service was exceptional. The waiter was super friendly and very open to give us suggestions on what to order. He also showed that he was in love with the place himself so it just made the entire experience more positive. 
Finally, the food is super delicious. We ordered the baby octopus dish as an appetizer and it was the best octopus I've ever eaten. Give the fact that octopus is my most favorite food, that was definitely quite a compliment.
Overall, I loved the entire experience and would definitely come back for a lot more times. Highly recommended!While visiting Manayunk this week, my friend and I saw Zesty's as we searched for a place to have dinner. I didn't care for the restaurant name but the restaurant wasn't crowded and the menu sounded appetizing so we decided to give it a try.  
We started with an appetizer - Hummus. It was perfect!  Probably, the best hummus I've ever had.  The texture and seasoning were just right and it was served with warm pita bread.  I wasn't very hungry and most of the entrees listed seemed to be on the heavy side so I decided to order the mussels.  The mussels were served in a white wine and mustard sauce.  I never would have thought of combining white wine with mustard but it was great! Even though the dish was on the lighter side, it was just enough to satisfy.
Our waiter was friendly, the food was excellent and the service was prompt.  I plan to return and look forward to trying another dish.The level of service at this restaurant makes it abundantly clear why there were only 3 tables of diners on a Friday night. Actually, using the word "service" for what we experienced is a stretch. 
This restaurant doesn't have a wine list. They have a clunky plastic clad iPad that you have to pass around. 
The waitress had zero knowledge of said clunky wine list. When one of my dining companions asked for a dry Greek red, she had to go ask the bartender. When she brought the wine however, she didn't even bother to inform us what wine she brought. 
In addition, she shattered a wine glass across our table. I had glass on my plate and on my lap. No apology. She even tried to minimize the situation by saying, 'oh well, you only have one piece of glass in your lap'. For future reference - the only acceptable number of glass shards in my lap is ZERO. 
The entrees came out extremely staggered. Three came out, then about 4 minutes later, three more. Mine came out about 15 minutes later after all of the other people had finished their meals. I would have canceled my entree at that point, if I could have found our waitress. 
No apologies for the appalling service were made. No manager ever came to our table. Nothing was comped. 
The decor is hideous. They have massive fish in these tiny little tanks. It is sad. The place looks cheap, but the food is so expensive. 
The real shame is that the food was actually good. The char grilled octopus was amazing. The hummus was great - smooth, creamy, flavorful. No one at our table had any complaints about the food. 
But after that horrid service, I will never eat there again. And you shouldn't either.Our first week in the area, and we decided to give this one a try. Most of what we ordered was good, but way overpriced. We are from the West coast so we're used to paying for a good meal, but I expected greatness when I ordered the 3 jumbo shrimp with rice pilaf for $24. The seasonings were bland and it was a poor presentation...just a giant portion of rather pain pilaf and shrimp that didn't blow my hair back. 
 My husband ordered a greek salad (started) that was great, and pizza (good) and we ordered the trio of dips and pita, also good. We brought along our little girl, and ordered pizza for her (which didn't come out w/the changes we requested: which was just no basil). *if you have kids, there isn't much on this menu, not because you can't make do...just the prices are ridiculous for tiny bellies. 
The service was only mediocre...we dined outside and we were surprised to have our server lean over the railing to hand us food and drinks rather than place them on the table. She also left after taking our order and delivering our drinks, had the bartender bring out our food, bring us additional things we needed, and then only when she presented the check did she return. Never checked on us to see how the meal was, etc...
With so many restaurants to explore in this area and surrounding, this is one we won't be back to. We were actually kicking ourselves for not trying the Thai across the street instead.I've been here at least a half-dozen times and I'm giving it 3 stars mostly out of respect for where they used to be.  If I had rated them a week ago, they'd have gotten 4 or maybe 5 stars.  Every other time I've been there, the food was great and the service impeccable.  They've always been a little pricy, but worth it.  This last time I was there, everything was off.  The service was amazingly slow.  My food was good, but my dining partners weren't happy with theirs.  The server explained that they had 3 new chefs in the kitchen.  My advice is that those chefs get up to speed fast or they will lose their hard-earned reputation for quality.  I am not going back soon, but I will probably give them another chance in the future.  I think I'll wait until the reviews start improving...They have a beautiful dinning room inside so it really sets a nice ambiance for the place. The huge windows allows for entertainment because you get to people watch which is always amusing. 
The food is pretty expensive. However, it's really high quality. The mussels are cooked perfectly. They were so tender. The sauce they were cooked in was different from the usually tomatoes type broth I am used too. But, it was nice. The greek salad was made with great quality vegetables and a decent sized portion. The hummus plate was also delicious. I do question how one can charge 10 dollars for some hummus and warm pita. The only negative to the meal was the calamari and the bread basket. It's insanely tough. It was pretty disgusting. Most restaurants that give you the olive oil garlic dipping sauce have warm bread. This wasn't warm at all and was extremely tough hard beard. It wasn't appetizing. 
We finished the meal off with a baklava cheesecake. The cheesecake itself isn't bad. I had high expectations for a nice combination of baklava with the cheesecake. However, I was disappointed. The phyllo dough wasn't even cooked right so it lacked the flaxy texture of a real baklava. 
Overall, it was a nice meal with enthusiastic waitress who knew the menu  fairly well. I also appreciate the fact they market vegetarian dishes on the menu. Thank you for supporting the vegetarians of the world!Very disappointed with this restaurant. We have been coming here for years, but since moving out if the city it has been awhile. I should have known when we walked in to an empty restaurant that this was not the Zestys I remembered. The hostess was rude. The waitress complained that she had to come to work at the last minute. After waiting for our sodas for 15 minutes I looked out the window and saw our waitress hanging out in Main Street. My fish was overcooked. To top it all off the food is way overpriced.  The high prices must be the only reason why they are still alive.  I will never ever visit Zestys again.My wife and I loved every aspect of our experience at Zestys! The Greek salad was amazing as was the Greek pizza! Nick our waiter was attentive and friendly. Overall love place!Had dinner here on Friday for the first time in ages. It was wonderful. My husband is in a brace and walker and the owner could not have more helpful. Service was fantastic (Alyssa) and the food was outstanding. Always have fresh delicious fish and was not disappointed in anyway. Their lemon/rice soup has long been a favorite of mine. Enjoyed the entire evening and will be back a lot sooner. Was happy to learn they have takeout which I will certainly take advantage of. Thanks Zesty for another great, tasty night out.Nice atmosphere, excellent service with attention to detail, and amazingly authentic Greek food.  The mousaka was a pillow of warm spices.  The chicken wrapped around spinach and feta with a mushroom cream sauce was decadent.  The garlic roasted hummus with pine nuts was the best I've had, and the baklava was oozing with honey.  Great choice for a night out.Best meal we've had in awhile!  Can't believe we haven't walked over and had dinner here before.  Amber, our waitress was exceptional - attentive, friendly, and awesome to speak with!  The owner and chef came to the table, ensured we were pleased, and joked around for a bit.  Highly recommended!  We'll be back!Came here on a Tuesday and sat at the bar. We got plenty of attention from the bartender and I got to sample a few of the red wines before deciding on the one I liked best. We shared the Tzatziki which was amazing!! We also split the apple-wood-fire grilled baby octopus which was out of this world!! I recommend anyone check out this place who hasn't. You won't be disappointed. I will definitely frequent this restaurant.Always enjoyed myself here. They re-opened last Sept. & reinvented themselves as of late- to be more of a 'bar' for the Manayunk young crowd. 
They should have tried to update the menu during that time. Though,we miss the fresh fish display- and the variety of choices. Old faves such as the hummus, calamari, saganaki and gnocci are still great.live music on weeknights. converted most of the restaurant -- great bar.Solid happy hour, one of our go-tos; half off cocktails and half off certain apps, be sure to get the grilled calamari, it's a no-nonsense, breading-free dish of fresh octopus in a tasty balsamic vinegar reduction, just wonderful! I grew up in Astoria, the Greek capital of North America, so I'm rather particular about my calamari. The tzatziki, skordalia, and the other Greek-centric dishes are excellent too. 
The drinks are strong and straight forward, your best bet is to stay with the classics: old-fashioneds, manhattans, negronis, and martinis. Good place for both date night out and group hang outs.You have to order the mussels, I think they might be the best I've ever had.  Also, if you get the chance, since I believe it might have been a special, get the asparagus soup with crab meat.  It's incredible.
The bartenders are awesome, and extremely friendly as well.  Definitely worth a try on Main Street.I went for lunch at this wonderful Greek restaurant with a group of friends recently. As soon as you walk in the restaurant it is so colorful, the ceiling is painted light blue like a beautiful Mediterranean sky but of course it's the food that stands out the most. We started with a watermelon gazpacho soup that was recommended by our waiter. It was refreshing and delicious,  with a little heat. We then had fabulous mussels with plenty of bread to soak up the broth. Next were some of the classic Greek dishes which everyone loved.  If you are looking for a delicious meal with many options I would highly recommend Zestys.Food was mediocre at best. Much better options in Manayunk than here. Service was friendly but the food was really a let down.This is a unique, beautiful restaurant. For being a Greek restaurant, I feel like they could've incorporated a little more with the culture. I've been to other Greek restaurants so I can tell when they do. The outside does not compare to the inside, the ceilings are definitely worth the gaze. I called many many places around manayunk for happy hour past 6... and trust me it was hard. So we decided to try this place out, which you can only sit at the bar for happy hour. The HH selection kinda sucked. It was half off a few items that didn't really seem interesting. Other items on the menu were overpriced especially for what they were offering. Great service but I don't know if I would come again.Let me start by saying that I have always loved zesty's. I was very disappointed that it was closed for such an extended period of time and couldn't wait for it to open again, however I have yet to have a good experience since it reopened. The "remodeling" looks non existent. Still looks exactly the same. I have attempted to go 4 times since the reopening. The first time they said they were closed because the bathroom pipe was broken. The second time I went at 4:00 on a Saturday they said they were not open until 5:00. Who is not open at 4:00 on a Saturday in manayunk? We then went across the street and spent our money at Derek's. The third time I tried to order a glass of red wine and was informed that they had no red wine in the entire building. After asking for help the extremely inexperienced bartender found one bottle that he couldn't even tell me the type of grape it was.... Isn't it written on the label? They were also out of 50% of the items on the menu that we tried to order. This last time we went the restaurant was actually open. The food quality was there, however everything else about the restaurant was horrible and unorganized. My calamari and octopus dishes arrived at least five to ten minutes before my dirty martini arrived, which I ordered first. The bartenders looked like they had never bartended before. The waiter was nice however he took away my plate without asking while I still had food on it and was actively chewing! I I don't know what is going on with this place but it is definitely doomed.Zestys is my favorite place to go for date night. The atmosphere is romantic and the food is always outstanding no matter what you get. The seafood is always very fresh and you can taste it. My personal favorites include: the best crab cakes (hardly any filler and I can say this being a Marylander), the Greek salad- it's the homemade dressing, the mussels krasata, the calamari, the hummus, the spanakopita, the filet (with mashed potatoes) and the baklava. This is the only place in town you can get authentic Greek Wines (the owner Tom orders them directly from Greece)! It's also a good spot to come and grab a martini with friends. The owner/chef Tom really knows how to make his customers feel welcomed here. Truly an underrated gem in Manayunk. So excited to hear they will be offering delivery through grubhub/postmates soon!!!I love it here.  It is authentically Greek.  When you pick a fish.......you get the fish, literally.  So if you can't handle eyes and bones maybe stay away.  The pita is homemade and always warm and fresh.  The Greek salad (which I am all too picky about and can never find one just right) is PERFECT.  Dip your warm pita bread in the leftover dressing.  Hummus, baba, octopus and spanakopita are all good as well.  I get the feeling that a lot of the wait staff is family and the men there have the cutest accents and genuinely want you to enjoy the food.I don't usually opt for Greek, but it's been a while, and a hookup from Living Social sealed the deal. I dined there early Saturday evening at around 7pm. There were only a couple of other small tables occupied when I arrived, but by the time I was done, the restaurant was maybe 80% occupied.
Whenever there's octopus on the menu at a green restaurant, it's always a must. Also tried the mussels and a combination platter consisting of Moussaka, Spanakopita, and Pastitsio.
The menu listed grilled, baby octopus, but the one we received was definitely not baby. I have no complaints because it was great. It was accompanied by olive oil, bell peppers, oregano, onion, lemon, fennel, and chick peas. It's difficult to get just the right texture and char on octopus, however, Zesty's did it well. The octopus was neither chewy or mushy, but the char was just a tad overdone. I still enjoyed it very much.
The mussels were in a white wine, mustard sauce. I felt like I got the variety pack on this one. They were assorted sizes from small to huge. I didn't mind that at all though, and they were cooked just right. The mustard sauce was rich and thicker than most white wine sauces. This dish was just as good as the octopus.
The combination platter was not on the menu. It was written on a chalkboard outside and came out to be $25. The Moussaka and Pastitsio were pretty similar. Both had ground meat and bechamel, but the Moussaka had eggplant and zucchini, while the Pastitsio had pasta. The Spanakopita was very light and flakey. It was nice to be able to try a few different dishes without the commitment of multiple entrees.
It was a solid meal and better than expected after reading some of the recent yelps.I gave 2 stars because I thought the service and the atmosphere were good.  It's a cute little place.  I did not enjoy the food.  I got the Greek sampler but ended up picking at it because I simply didn't like it.  
If you enjoy Greek food, this could be your place.  Hey, maybe it is the best food in the area for Mediterranean dishes but I just don't think it's my thing.Best Greek in Philly. I'm so sad that Zesty's is so far from me. 
Avgolemeno soup - absolutely out of this world here. I love my best friend to death (who is also Greek), but Zesty's has the best I have ever had. It's light yet creamy from the egg and it's just so perfect. The generous chunks of white meat chicken have consistently been tender, so you know the soup hasn't been simmering for hours making the chicken a choking hazard. Also, this soup is so hard to come by so please take advantage and try bowl when you come here. You won't regret it, I promise.
Spanakopita - also a classical favorite. Crispy flaky phyllo dough with just the right ratio of spinach to feta cheese.
Moussaka and Pastichio - amazing here. HOWEVER, they do top it with a tomato base sauce which I personally do not prefer. It's not because I don't like their recipe, I just don't like tomato based sauces too much so it's a personal preference on my part. However, I order it without it and I absolutely gorge myself. They ask if you'd like veggie or meat option too.I've eaten at Zesty's on many occasions and have always found my meals to be delicious.  
They have a huge menu that includes Mediterranean pastas, fish & meat, as well as a daily selection of fresh fish.  I've tried quite a  variety of dishes and have had no complaints, but I must say their seafood is absolutely excellent.  I especially like their loup de mer, a very nice, light, white fish.  Their fresh fish dishes are served with the head on, so just be prepared for that.
Their Greek salad is also a favorite of mine to order - in fact its my favorite place in town to order a Greek salad.  Very tasty!
I have always found the service to be very nice and the restaurant in general is a fantastic place to eat.  Definitely request an outdoor table if the weather is nice!Mediterranean food is one of my favorites so I wanted to like this place. I really did. Therefore, after my first experience was so-so I decided to give it another try. The second experience did not wow me either. The food is just very average to be honest. Nothing is bad, but nothing is particularly great either. My first trip I had a salad off of the lunch menu. Like I said, it wasn't bad but the quality of the vegetables was like something I would get off of a salad bar at a chain restaurant somewhere. My second trip I had the tzatziki appetizer and an entree. Once again, neither option was bad, but the flavors just seemed a bit off to me. I think my biggest problem withe Zesty's is that the prices are far higher than the quality of the food.
And also, what was up with the weird name change where it became Munk and Nunn for about 9 months before converting back to Zesty's?I am obsessed with their balsamic vinaigrette that they use on their Greek salads. Besides the Greek salad that I always get, the rest of the menu is great.  A few good vegetarian options and a ton of fish.  
The decor is horrible.  It's like they can't decide what they want to be. My one complaint is that last time there wasn't a bartender who knew how to make drinks.  At times they have a cocktail list and others not.  They should ALWAYS have a list.Dropped by Zesty's after going to Helium for a comedy show. Purchased a groupon and had a great dinner. Was surprised to find street parking. Was greeted right away and seated. The waiter was so nice. Ordered mussels which were big, juices and the broth was delicious. I asked to take the leftover broth home and the waiter gave me a soup container and extra bread. I ordered the side Greek salad and it was big enough to share. I also ordered the grilled calamari which was outstanding. My date ordered the chicken dish and he said it was awesome. I would return to Zesty's for the Sunday brunch. I can't wait to return. 
Stopped by Zesty's for the mussels which are the best. After my dinner I went to the bar which has the best bartender in Philly. I tried several drinks and he introduced me to a Greek wine which is delicious. Zesty's has the best Happy Hour with all drinks half price. They also have happy hour appetizer specials with $6.00 calamari and mussels. This is one of the best happy hours.it was really yummy. That's really all I can say about this place. We went as a party of 4 and there wasn't a person on the table that didn't like their food. The only con was - we had a wait a really long time for our food.. That is completely excused though because I had ordered a stew that took a long time to prep.Never had a bad dinner here and have been going here for over 20 some years always fresh always good!!  :)  The fish is especially good Chilean sea bass is a favorite.The online menu does not reflect current prices. Everything was decent and the serving sizes were large.Don't be intimidated!
Yes it's fine dining, yes it's pricy, but that's not to say you will leave hungry and offended.
The good: Most of the meat dishes have the portions of a true dinner. Ingredients are quality and real. Bread, yep, the bread and oil alone is delicious. Attention to how your food was cooked. Crowds here are friendly and open. No snooty bologna, you may actually leave the place befriending. Interior design is interesting. Ability to pick your fish. Service. Dancing on some nights.
Not so good: Some nights are dead and others are jam packed, it difficult to gauge.
Suggest:
The filet.
Any hock.
Hummus.This was my second time there and I will never go back. They are very disorganized. Our waitress was nice but very slow and could not multitask well, which is important as a server. They were out of several bottles of wine we were interested in and didn't actually get drinks until being there for 45 minutes!! Then the food took forever even though the place was empty. When we did get our food it was only mediocre and I love Greek so it was really disappointing. We spent a frustrating 2 hours there so if you plan to eat there make sure you clear your schedule!Great Greek food! Highly recommend anything with spinach or eggplant. Got the fish once and it was a whole fobs which I want prepared for. But it was very delicious.
Overall another good manayunk optionTwo of us wandering Main Street Manayunk thinking about food are greeted effusively by Zesty's hostess.  Clearly this was to be the place.  We took outdoor seating as it was reasonably cool for a summer's evening.  The Hostess explained the menu and took drink orders.  I had the house Merlot.  Not bad for a bottom of the price range house wine.  My wife had Spanikopita and I had the Ravioli Verde.  Served promptly and tasted great.  The owner or manager came by several times during our meal and the waiter, Shahab, checked the water, wine, etc. frequently but not obtrusively.   There are quite a few things on the menu we'd like to check out so we will be back.So I have been craving greek food for a while. Stopped in here for dinner at 5pm on a Sunday. There were only three other customers seated at two other tables, which should have alerted me immediately. The server who was an older gentlemen that was quite confused with the new credit card systems and told us multiple times spent more time discussing his frustration with the new systems (which by the way seemed like it was most likely "square" for processing cc) then being attentive to our needs. Didnt know if they stocked any Retsina which is a typical Greek wine. We ordered Saganaki which is a flaming cheese appetizer. I have had this many times at about half a dozen resteraunts. He had the bartender serve it to us as he told us he once lite himself on fire. The saganaki was not cooked long enough therefore not melted. The ouzo they used to ignite it or the cheese tasted off. It was served without pita. When I asked for pita it took another 15 minutes to get some.  The bread that was brought to the table was stale. The Octopus was good but had to much vinager in the.vegtables is sat on top of. Our Greek  salad took well over 30 minutes with nothing on it that needed to be cooked. The olives on it tasted old and canned. It was very stingy on the feta. Overall I would not go back ever, nor would I ever recommend this place.Mousska very good.  Server was friendly and helpful , We were there during the week an appetizer and selected mixed drinks were on promotion.  Margaritas My wife and i ate here on a recent Saturday evening, we bith had the Mousaka and thoughtThis review is long overdue, but my hubby and I  visited about a year ago. We ordered the octopus appetizer, Greek salad, and the traditional eggplant dish (apologies- forget the name). The food was excellent. Even more impressive than food, however, was the service. A man, who I assume to be the owner or a manager, walked around greeting the customers personally and knew some patrons by their first names. This very man even gave me his own quarters when I asked for change for the parking meter. It is this personal and friendly service that makes Zesty's our most memorable dining experience in Manayunk. I would love to see the business flourish and become a cornerstone restaurant in the neighborhoodMy fiancé and I enjoyed this place. We were hesitant to step inside based in the outside: it's a bright blue building, and looks like a low-class diner. The "Zesty's" sign looks like branding for a pizzeria- very confusing. But,
take a step inside and that all changes. It's very lovely. The food was great. I ordered the lamb and my fiancé the salmon. Both were perfectly cooked to order. Prices are a bit on the expensive side, but I think it was worth the quality. We'll be back.Came here for happy hour (M-F 5-7pm). They have discounts on house wine and draft beer. I believe the hummus, pizza, and mussels were half off. The hummus was orgasmic, definitely a must. The inside had a surprisingly great vibe that was unexpected.Staff A+!  Chilean Sea Bass A+!  Cooked to perfection!  Bread and olive oil A+!  Ceasar dressing on the Ceasar salad A+!  Thank you for a truly wonderful meal!