I came into this establishment after coming from the Philadelphia convention center. I'd figure I can grab some Philly Cheese-steaks here while my sister can come to go grab some pizza. From reading the reviews they seemed to have a pretty decent food with decent price.
However I wasn't really liking the attitude a couple of the employees were displaying. I do not know if they were having a bad day but I wish the staff was a tad nicer when I was ordering my food. What I really didn't like was the attitude I received when they handed me a pile of ketchup packets covered in sticky syrup. I asked politely for a clean packet and the girl rolled her eyes at me as if it was a big request to go get a new packet of ketchup packets. 
The food was okay but not the best. The cheese-steaks were a little bit dry and the fries were a bit crunchy. So if I do come back here I'm hoping the customer service improves. Everyone keeps telling me the pizza is good here and I did like the fact it was very clean. That alone is what is making me come back here possibly in the future to give it a second chance.We were in town for a conference and desperately needed late night sustenance after a lousy chicken dinner. I ordered through yelp and they were there in half the time it estimated. Delivery guy seemed nice, very polite. The pizza was fantastic. We were big fans of the crust! (There HAS to be something in east coast water!! I don't want to know what it is, but just know you all lead charmed pizza lives over here!!) I also ordered a vanilla shake. Here's where I would normally get picky. However, it was made with vanilla bean ice cream. Perfect. Nuff said. In short, they saved our poor grumbly bellies.After our horrible lunch at monkey bar we wanted some good food and we found it at Zio...the pizza was great and so was the cheese steak... the restaurant was warm and inviting with all the exposed brick. The service was great....
I can't finish with saying the CANOLIS were amazing..thanks guys for a great meal.Good pizza. $10.50 for three slices--ground beef, pepperoni, and buffalo. All acceptable. Heated upon order and not dry. I believe they were under heat lamps, which means this place moves pizza too.Yummo!  I was starving, scouring the streets for food.  Bartender at "Bar" told us to go get some pizza here.  Had a white and a cheese...  absolutely perfect for the night.  Definitely a good place to grab a slice....Pretty basic made-to-order pizza. I wish the staff was a tad nicer and smiled at me when I was ordering. Unless they were tired or busy. But still. Customer service should make or break a customers loyalty. 
Prices are decent though and there's a decent amount of seating if you are there on a non-peak hour.The buffalo chicken stromboli wasn't anything special...I think some of the chicken wasn't entirely cooked. It was edible but the fries I got with it were not even done. Like soggy. Maybe because it was part of a big order but still, expected better.Great casual place near convention center.
We were recommended Zios by the Hampton Inn. Sicilian and white pizza with spinach slices were awesome, so was the chicken parm sandwhich--great bread, and not too heavy on the sauce. 
The service was wonderful. We topped off a dinner that hit the spot with some great canolis.Not being from the area, it's been a challenge to find places we really like. After a long day at a conference, we were wanting delivery. The hotel receptionist gave us a Zio flyer. We called, but they were about to close in 5 minutes. The owner graciously offered to make and deliver us food, despite it being after hours. We ordered a sausage and pepperoni pizza and cheese sticks. The food was great and delivered very quickly. We would happily order again!Great food and very reasonable prices. We only order out but they pay attention to all of the directions and comments we make. Delivery is always below an hour. Go-to place for wings and pizza.I ordered delivery and when the pizza arrived it looked and smelled amazing. As I began digging in, I realized there was not just 1 hair, but a chunk of hairs in my pizza. If I hadn't been picking out the large pieces of garlic I probably would have eaten it. Yuck!We were in the city with friends checking out the Christmas attractions and wanted a quick bite to eat about 5 pm. We walked around looking at our options only to find out every place we looked at was packed with long wait times. Onward we went and stumbled upon Zio's Brick Oven Pizzeria. A sit down and quick bite of pizza slices for us. Food was good and the service was quick. What's not to like?Some of the best pizza I've had in the city. Really good arancini also. More like NY style pizza and it's just really great options. Wish they were open later!Pretty good pizza - I stopped by during lunch and ordered the Sicilian deep dish square plain cheese pizza slice.  The crust was light and airy, and it had adequate sauce and cheese.  They seem to specialize in slices.  They also offer free soda refills.  The price also seemed reasonable - it was $3.75 for the plain cheese Sicilian slice and $2.25 for the soda with free refills (both before taxes).  I wish they would post their prices since I had to ask.  The restaurant was clean and there was an adequate seating area.Zios is the best! Their pizza, cheesesteaks, hoagies, and especially their pasta dishes are delicious! They also have great Italian specialties like arancini. They are a vital part of Midtown Village.Fantastic pizza at a bargain price.  Zio has great food and fast service.Seriously, best place to order food when you had one of those nights when you're not sure where your phone is and if you left your credit card at the bar. Their menu is extensive which is a good thing if you have no idea what you're in the mood for. Their buffalo chicken stromboli is delicious and their white broccoli pizza was so good. Delivery is super quick.Zio's! The Cheesesteak Royal with extra sweet & hot peppers on the side is one the best cheesesteaks In town. Love their pizza, (plain, light on the cheese with basil), and the Sicilian salad, yum. Consistently great!Honestly, they do have great pizza and chicken cheese steaks, which are made from fresh chicken breast! 
However, their salads are never fresh and they mess up on orders.Stopped in a couple hours before the Eagle's Parade (2/8/18).
I'm sure they usually aren't open that early on Sunday mornings but they accommodated the mad crowds.  
The service was fantastic and the food was delicious.  So?  Pizza, fries and cheese steaks for breakfast?!  That's how we roll in Philly!  
Geno's and Pat's are for tourists.Pizza was good and the delivery service was fast. I will definitely order again if I'm downtown.I ordered delivery and it definitely fell in the ground with no apology. Not worth itBest pizza in philly. Make sure you try a stuffed slice, and if you're having people over, I would deff recommend to spend a few extra dollars for the entire stuffed pizza. It can easily feed 8-10 people since many people can only finish 1 piece. Thanks Zio!Loved this place ! You can't go wrong with their traditional pizza offerings - cheese, pepperoni - and their specialties like buffalo chicken are great too! My favorite was the garlic knot pizza. 
The staff was amazing, taking care of our large group of 40 - food was ready quickly, questions were answered with kindness, and they never dropped the ball on service. Their willingness to accommodate so many of us on short notice with such great care was amazing!Great pizza, average service--I was sent to Zio's across the street from work to pick up a lunch order, and since it had been called ahead, it was waiting for me when I arrived, so I didn't have to wait around any longer than I'd expected to, which was a plus.  I didn't get a chance to look at the other kinds of pizza they offered (besides plain, of course), but they have a HUGE menu, so I'll have to come back and try something new.  Only major beef--they have a $10.00 card minimum, so if your purchase is under $10, make sure you have cash.I'm always in center city and I'm always coming here for lunch. The buffalo chicken pizza is the best! Prices are fair and there's good service, would recommend to anyone.So - here's the process at Zio's:  1) Tell one of the pizza making guys your order and they will put it in the oven to heat. 2) Step to the side and repeat your order to the checkout person 2 feet away from the pizza making guy. 3) Pay for your order. 4) Hope they don't screw it up. 
Here's what's so great about this process. You, as a customer work twice as hard to ensure you address Zio's staff communication deficits. You, as the customer pay double what the product is actually worth. For example, a plain slice worth about $1.50 will cost you well over 3 bucks. I guess because they throw it on hot bricks, convincing you it's "better". 
The "Soup Nazi" demanded a process for a stellar product, making it worth the wait and worth enduring the process. Zio's ain't worth either.Ate here on a Friday night with my girlfriend after the restaurants around the area had 1 hour waits. No line and the seating was about half full. We ordered a small Margherita pizza which was good but not amazing. They made the crust crunchy which I liked. Pricing wise is average with your local pizza shop, not too pricey. They also had a variety of pizzas to order slices. Service was good, they had one server mostly and she was helpful.
Bottom line: I'd eat here if the other restaurants in the area have long waits or if you're craving slices of pizza.Zio's is good for a cheap thrill. Two large slices are about $5. So if you are short on cash in Center City you can't go wrong. The staff is always friendly, they take my order quickly, along with the cash. You don't have to wait around forever to get your food, things move along quickly, which can be good if you are in a rush for lunch. The pizza is not too shabby. Not bad but not spectacular, definitely a little on the greasy side, but a solid cheap lunch.
FYI: Credit Card minimums are $10; You can sit inside if you prefer; You can find copies of the City Paper and Philadelphia Weekly here; There is an ATM.Buyer Beware! As a vegetarian, I've ordered the Eggplant Parmesan here twice. The first time there was a chunk of chicken mixed in with the pasta. I blamed it on a busy Friday night and it accidentally making its way into my dish. Ate my eggplant and threw out the pasta. Last night, a slow Monday night, I ordered through Eat24 and in 2 different places put "No meat please!" in my order. I stopped by to pick up my food, and the cashier made a comment about there being "absolutely no meat" in my dish. It was suspicious to say the least. I get home to inspect and they actually put several layers of pancetta in the pasta. There's no way people are actually this childish, so I called to ask if they'd given me eggplant with pancetta accidentally. To which the woman and staff in the background burst out laughing and hung up on me. I'm not sure what else there is to say. I wasted another huge amount of food and do not have time to deal with such vile people. When I asked for a manager upon calling today, he said I was lying about the situation and again hung up. Save yourself some frustration and order elsewhere.I've eaten at Zio's a hand full of times because it's so close to my job. I always regret it. The slices are so overpriced and not very flavorful. The cannoli are also over priced but they are delicious. Ehhh...I eat here if I've only got a few minutes before I need to get back to work, otherwise there are tastier options.Do mine eyes and mouth deceive me?  Am I really experiencing it?  An ACTUAL pizza in the city of Philadelphia?  Not the best, but a shining star among the garbage around most of the city.
I looked on Yelp for a good long time trying to find those with similar tastes in pizza and came upon Zio's.  As such, I took a drive over.  Unpleasant was the endless searching for a parking spot which ultimately resulted in a ticket.   WHY WOULD A LOADING ZONE DURING THE DAY BE A BUS STOP AT NIGHT?  I don't even think there's a route down that part of Sansom!?  Go screw PPA (and potentially SEPTA).  Also, when standing and signing my receipt, a toddler walked into my shins.
Anyway, this is a winner.  The consistency is right, the ingredients fresh, the taste wholly welcome compared to the pie from Celebre I had recently.I order from here at least once a week.  Favorites include the hot veggie wrap, grilled chicken wrap, and fried flounder hoagie.  Speedy delivery is a huge plus.  Only downside is that they're closed on Sundays.The best pizza in the city very clean place and good customer service and under the same family owner for almost 30 years nowThese guys make a fantastic eggplant Parmesan sandwich, probably the best.The ravioli pizza is an indulgence my body can only handle about once a month. The ravioli is big, fluffy, and stuffed with ricotta cheese - which would be fine on it's own but on top of yummy, doughy, cheesey pizza - it's just all too much. It's usually served with a pink sauce, but it's all too much cream to withstand in one sitting so I always ask for plain tomato sauce on mine. Delish!I ordered a fish hoagie online and prepaid so all I had to do was get my food that was ready and leave right??  WRONG!  Once I laid my eyes on the BBQ chicken pizza with peppers and onions, I couldn't resist.  Pizza is my favorite food and I was very pleased.  I actually like the pizza better than the fish hoagie.  The fish hoagie was a "mini" but still a good sizeDelivery was quick. Food was ehh ok. Paid $12 for chicken alfredo w/broccoli that was tasteless. The Caesar salad was $6 also tasteless. I tipped $2 online and then another dollar in quarters. The delivery guy when leaving said "geez thanks quarters". Which I thought was funny. But dude take your $3 tip and accept it with this food. 
So in essence, I paid $23 for crappy service/food. Take your business elsewhere.While staying downtown, I wanted something quick and easy.  For a smaller location, they have a huge menu!  I was greeted and offered a printed menu to look over.  I couldn't make a decision and their employee, Giovanni, helped me go over my options.  He was so nice and took his time answering my questions.  I ordered a margarita pizza slice and Mediterranean salad.  They packaged it up amazingly for take out.  The food was pretty good.  Service was excellent!I have walked on 13th street many times - for 4 year, in fact - and only NOW did I realize that Zio's Pizza existed.  
I am too in my own head for my own good.  Oy vey.  I'm gonna stop talking about my sorry self and continue with this review, which is better for both you, the reader, and me, hehe.
My hungry self didn't want to head home with an empty stomach.  It's a 40-min commute by train, and I wasn't gonna make it without food in my belly.  So Zio's was my attempt to get food quickly before my train arrived.  Ahh, pizza, why not?!?!  Even at 8:30 at night did the pizza from earlier that day still look good!  Yes, I was seriously surprised, because I really thought that I was just settling for leftover slices of pizza that were probably not gonna be great.  But my irrational self also forgot that RE-HEATED leftover pizza tastes WONDERFUL, especially when it's re-heated in a legitimate oven!  The flavors were still there, and there were many flavors to say the least!  
So what makes Zio's so distinct from other pizza joints?  It's not trying to be unique, and I think that that's what sealed the deal for me.  The place just serves really yummy (leftover) pizza!  It's good!This is the closest pizza place to me that I know of, but unless I don't have the energy to walk 2 blocks in any direction, I don't expect to eat here.  
Good(s):
Good layout and clean considering it's a place where you can get slices
Pizza is decent, and the buffalo chicken pizza is a standout
Bad(s):
Got a panzarotti, bit inside and it was cold (not to mention the flavor was not pleasing).  Utter disappointment.No, those big puffs of fried dough with powdered sugar on them in the window don't taste any good. Keep walking...This was a terrible experience. I placed an order for delivery and was quoted a 20 minute wait time, my food showed up an hour and fifteen minutes later, cold, and partly missing. 
I called the restaurant to complain and the woman who answered the phone was rude and combative before the first sentence left my mouth. I would have settled for a re-delivery, even though I was pissed, but instead demanded a refund. 
She said "I can't deal with this," before passing the phone to a guy who told me to call Seamless, which is the service I placed the order through. 
In short, the food was terrible, but the customer service was even worse. Avoid at all costs.Only reason I can't give all five stars is because I need to eat more here!  I really liked the fact that they keep their plain pizza crust thin and their spinach and tomato pizza is reallly good (just needs a little tiny of sauce for my liking).  But yes, highly recommended for a good slice :)A very serviceable slice. Updating my review since I had the tomato pie with basil which was really good. Thin, crispy, a good amount of tangy sauce, and some fresh basil. Even better when you let it sit out at room temperature for a bit and it gets cold. A little too much oil for my taste but that was easy to blot off.
Two cheeseless slices came to a little under $6.I've had Pizza in Philly many times before and have always been disappointed in the quality of the pizza. BUT, ZIO'S does not disappoint. We stopped here on Saturday when all of Philly (and the US) was celebrating the Luck of the Irish. We were famished and I agreed to this pizza joint because I couldn't go another step without something. I went for the sausage and pepperoni slice. The crust was perfect, not too thin, not too thick, perfect and with a good crunch. It had lots of "meats" and the was not too overwhelming with the sauce (meaning not tooo much sauce lol). My boyfriend also had zeppolles - which were huge, fresh, and doughy. They lacked the sugar that makes them addicting, but even so, it was perfect!  Would def. recommend!My dad used to take me here when I was younger and I recently returned to find the pizza was just as good as I remember it.Grabbed a cheesesteak here. Did the special without bacon and it was tasty. Bread was not amazing, just a standard hoagie roll. Lots of fillings. Pizza looked okay as well. Recommended if you're passing by or at one of the nearby hotels and need a quick bite.Ordered a cheesesteak from here for lunch today and the meat was slightly pink still and flavorless. I've had slices from here and they were good, so I'll still eat their pizza. Cheeseteaks- NO! Don't do it.Small place but affordable pizzas. The workers are rude so don't take it personal because I think they are rude to everyone. But their pizzas are good. They are thin crust and has a lot of flavors. They sell other things than pizza too and they were also good. If you want a quick and easy lunch or dinner near city hall then this place is a food spot.Okay, maybe it was the beer. No, it was not the beer. Four beers give me a buzz, but not pizza goggles.
The night started out at a bar with a Brooklyn theme, and by chance I ended up at a pizza joint that reminded me of Brooklyn pizza.
I'm from Brooklyn, so this is no loose use of Brooklyn pizza. And no, I am not suggesting this compares to the best of NYC. I'm saying this is just as good as a decent pizza joint in NYC, and that is saying a lot for Philly pizza.
No offense, but Philly is known for their pretzels and cheese steaks, not pizza. But I will be dammed, I stumbled upon a real gem. Hands down, best pizza I have had in the eight months I have lived in Philly.I don't know why everyone is complaining that the staff is rude. They weren't bending over backwards or wearing giant fake smiles, but they were polite and to the point which I really appreciate.
I came here for lunch and got a slice of cheese pizza and a garlic knot. Both were delicious. The pizza came in big thin crust slices, had lots of cheese and a nice crunch underneath.
The garlic knot was soft and obviously fresh despite sitting in a case.
Will definitely come back.Pizza by the slice is kind of pricey.
I would recommend coming here with a friend and splitting a medium pie for $10. They make it fresh when you order it and it's the perfect portion for a good price.A million stars for Zio Pizza!
I was looking for something a little different for lunch and came across the Midtown Lunch Philly's article about Zio's rice balls. So i scooted over there on Tuesday and had one and a slice of pizza which was total overkill, the rice ball was more lunch than i can handle on it's own. I took half my rice ball home and tucked it in the fridge. Then on Wednesday, i ate another rice ball for lunch, went home, and had the half in the fridge for dinner. Yes. That good. 
The rice ball is a dreamy concoction. Ground seasoned meat and some veggies (like little bits of tomatoes) are wrapped in a thick layer of rice and some binding agent then fried till crispy golden on the outside. To serve, the lovely folks at Zio cut the ball into quarters and slather it with sauce and cheese then put it into the pizza oven until the whole thing is hot and melty. Yes!
And i have to mention the pizza! I have an ideal for by the slice pizza and Zio comes closest to it when compared to the other pizza shops in the area. NYPD and Milano simply do not hold a candle to the blistered, crispy crust and fresh, delicious toppings. Also, someone else mentioned that they heat your slices properly hot. I didnt realize how much i missed that until i went to Zio. You get a slice out of the oven that is too hot to bite into right away. The toppings are HOT all the way through, not tepid like i've gotten used to. And the crust gets extra crunchy. Really, it adds that extra something i've been missing for such a long time. 
The only thing i could mention that is negative at all is the sort of confusing setup. Counter is somehow counter-intuitive for me. There is a register in the middle and at the end and it would seem like you pay at the farthest end, but you place your order, receive it, and pay at the middle register. Also, the front of the store with the counter is pretty cramped. 
But, those things don't matter to me. I will be back early and often for rice ball lunch and tasty, hot slices.The good: My favorite pizza in center city, doughy soft crust and a good tasting sauce/cheese. 
The bad: Delivery guy not the friendliest, toppings are over-priced, the yelp app doesnt allow for extra cheese (mozz), theyve been skimping on the cheese on a normal pizza and sometimes the pizza arrives luke warm after you wait an hour+ to receive it. Better to buy in the summer when the heat keeps the pizza hot otherwise youre likely to get a cold pizza in the winter when delivered. SighhhhI have been in search of "my favorite salad" for a couple of weeks now. I had the cobb salad from Zio's last week and it was good. Everything was fresh. Today I decided to try them again, but this time I got the grilled shrimp salad with egg, green peppers and Greek dressing. I believe this is it! The shrimp are nice size and flavorful! Again, the vegetables are nice and fresh and the Greek dressing...is real. Not an Italian dressing knock off! FINALLY!I'm astounded that this pizzeria is still in business. Guess people like soggy, uncooked dough with melted toppings. But it all comes down to service. They obviously do not give a crap, the product is evidence. Soggy fries, not just soggy pizza but uncooked dough. Disgusting.The pizza was excellent,  the delivery was quick but the meatball parmigiana was lacking.  I am not sure what the meatballs were made of but seemed to have a lot of filler with no taste.  I would not recommend the MBs at all.  Keep doing a great job with the Pizza. If I were rating the service and pizza only it would be a 5.Their 4 Cheese Pizza is amazing and their Poppers are so good! Looking forward to trying more!This place isn't awful, but they don't heat the slices up long enough and it's a bit pricey for what you get ($3.50 + tax for a slice). I'm also not a big fan of the fact that nearly 1/2 the offerings feature buffalo or BBQ chicken. Seriously, who orders that stuff? In short, it's certainly not worth seeking out if you don't live or work in the neighborhood.I feel it is my duty to inform the people of Philadelphia about the cheese pretzel dogs at Zios.  They are outta sight and super delicious.  I think it may be a while until I get to enjoy one since all of my clothes are too small at the moment from holiday overload.  
But I look forward to my next encounter with you oh delicious pretzel dog.  (Who am I kidding, I forgot to bring my lunch today...)The fries were good but my chicken cheesesteak hoagie was awful. Totally dry not sure there was any cheese on it not a lot of meat no flavor. Maybe their pizza is good I've never had it. But I was very disappointed in my chicken cheesesteak.My mouth and eyes really liked this pizza; they were all like "we're ready to eat some pizza - we got this" and it was delicious.
My stomach and the rest of gi track really hated this pizza, like a lot....A LOT
It's really up to you and which body parts you want to make happy. As for me, I will not be putting myself through that again.This place was awesome! We ordered their regular plain pizza and it came pipping hot ( in the snow) and it tasted so good. My husband and I finished the whole pizza together ( we normally only eat a couple slices together) 
Definitely will order next time I'm in town.A few of my co-workers have been to this place for lunch so I thought about trying it out in the future. However, today as I was walking back to work from the gym, I passed by this place and an employee came out and saw me and proceeded to say something racially offensive to me out of the blue. I didn't even notice him until he said this to me. I was surprised so I said "excuse me?" and he refused to talk to me so I walked away.
Don't think I'll be coming here since I'd rather not be addressed by this employee. I try not to go to restaurants where staff say racist things to me for no reason.Amazing pizza! Always get tomato pie no cheese and their sauce is so good! I also got their Greek salad with chicken and it was huge and yummy! Some of the best tomato pie in philly!!I've been going to Zio's for about 10 years (before the nice renovation they have today). The pizza is alright, not bad not great. They have a wide variety. I'd put the stuffed pepperoni/sausage at the top of the totem pole. I'm a fan of their pepperoni rolls through. They're a bit pricy (like everything in Zio's), but they're just SO good. Nice and crispy! A steak is a sure winner. It's standard size, but it's REALLY fresh. 
Fries are awesome. Order the Rossana Fries (w/ bacon, cheez wiz, mozzarella, and ranch dressing... I like mine no wiz) I have to tell them to make the Rossana Fries crispy though, otherwise the come out a bit mushy. 
I did take a break from Zio's to go to competing stores almost in the exact same spots, but just 1 and 2 blocks over respectively. The one on 11th street is out of business. At the place on 12th they have bad attitudes (runs in the family there). So I made Zio's my home again for center city pizza/steak/etc. I think the ambiance is what brings me back. The bathroom is decent and there's a cool view of a private adjoining fresco bar/lounge. Check it out!Without a doubt, the best pizza in Philadelphia!!!!!!!!!
Only draw back are their wonky hours,
closes at 8pm and closed completely on Sundays, Craziness!
Also, while their "brother" location, J & J's is good, dont be fooled, its not the same!!!Zio's is a good option for the workweek, but it isn't the best I've had. Their slices are admittedly huge, but the dough is really thick. I prefer a thinner and crispier crust like the place in my neighborhood but I can't complain when this is where my office orders from. I usually just cut off the crust and throw it under the broiler for a few minutes to crisp it up.
The place itself is very clean and they always have a good selection. I like their veggie pizza a lot and although heavy, tastes very fresh.
I have also tried their Greek Salad and it is decent. Pretty standard iceberg/tomato/olives but they pack on these big chunks of feta cheese and its delicious.I found zios in need of a quick meal. I haven't eaten lunch meat I. Two months due to diet so today was the day I splurged!!! I went with an Italian grinder!!! It hit the spot. I loved the way the cheese was melted and the roll toasted just right. Considering we're in Philly the roll had better be good. I took notice I f a few people getting pizza. Looked good and I think it was Italian style. What I mean is not like Greek pizza that's usually very greasy. I'll give it a try another time. Thanks for the quick fix ZiosA neighborhood pizza place that outdoes the average neighborhood pizza place. 
The pizza is solid and has lots of options, plus their sandwiches from the grill are very tasty.
A great option when you don't want something fancy but you also don't want to cook!We had such a wonderful experience here! We came with 15 school children and 3 adults and they accommodated our large crazy group so graciously. The food was yummy all the kids ordered different stuff and loved it all. Our server Taylor was great, she was so sweet to the kids and super helpful with a kid that had a food allergy. The food came out fast and hot, we left happy with full stomachs and clean plates.Me and my room mates just ordered a calzone and fried dough balls and we couldn't have been more disappointed! The calzone was burnt and had little to no cheese in it. Not worth the price we paid. The fried dough was soggy cold and unbearable to even finish. Along with all of that the people who work there are so incredibly rude!I found Zio on yelp a few months ago. Good pizza is hard to find in Philly, so I try to go with what's been recommended. Even though it's in a pretty busy area, it's a little bit hidden -- the storefront is small, with just a small silver sign out front. They always have an interesting selection of pizza. There are most of the standards, like plain, mushroom, and sausage, but also more gourmet and unusual toppings. 
I knocked off a star for being a bit expensive for your standard pizzeria. The pizza costs a little more than I like to pay -- I think it's about $2 for a slice of plain and $2.50 for mushroom pizza. However, the slices are pretty big. They always taste fresh and aren't doused in grease. The seating area is nice, clean, and well-lit. Also, the guys who work there are always really friendly, even if you're cheap like me and just get a slice of plain and a cup of tap water.Decent spot. Came here after going to spice 28 and was dissapointed by meal there. Definately.d don't do the fried.dough, they re-fry it when u order so it is doused in oil, no opportunity to dry up a bit. Pizza is delishOutside of NYC, I always struggle to find great pizza. Having been in Philadelphia for about a year and being disappointed time and again, I finally stumbled upon this little gem. 
Zio's is pretty damn good pizza. And while their menu consist of just about everything, I can't get myself to order anything but the pizza. I'm sold!The penne alla vodka with chicken parm is a huge portion at a great price and very enjoyable!Zios, you are the answer to my pizza prayers. Open Monday-Saturday until 8 pm, you satisfy my every pizza desire. Your top quality dough and robust sauce makes my knees weak at the very thought of tasting them. Zio's I have to ask you one question, Will you stay in my neighborhood and continue to rock my pizza world?Went to Zios Brickoven Pizzeria the other day and order a large cheese pizza, 14 wings, mozz fries, and a few cheesesteaks. The food was outstanding and was definitely the best pizza and cheesesteak i have ever had. This pizzeria is perfect place to enjoy a quick cheap meal with such great taste. Service was excellent and staff was very nice. I will DEFINITELY be coming back here more often!!!Very rude as others have noted. Counter person brusque then trash-talked coworkers loudly. Would be ideal for a training film, "Don't let your workers behave like this". Also steaks are bare bones, no onions, peppers, chicken v dry. Shocking that they deliberately put meat on vegetarian  Ty S's food and laughed about it.