I got the gyro "platter" for lunch, which was dry, uninspired, and nothing like a deconstructed gyro. Worst of all, it came with "vegetables" which looked more like poop. Tasted that way, too. There are better places in Fairmount for lunch, and they won't serve you poop, either.So I'm not a huge Greek food fan, but the souvlaki from Zorba's was quite amazing. The restaurant is a classic little Philly spot that doesn't look like much from the outside, but let's it's food so the talking. The people i was with, who do like Greek food, were gushing about the excellent hummus and Greek salad... 
I will happily return to Zorba's again.Authentic Greek taverna in the heart of Philly Fairmount neighborhood.  This family owned restaurant features a fantastic selection of tasty Greek food. Whether for a salad, a Gyro or and entree you can't go wrong with this classic local favorite.We just had dinner at this Greek restaurant that is A 10 minute walk from the art museum. We were seated in the back room that was really cute and the waitress was nice. I ordered the lamb shrank with vegetables and my husband roasted lamb with vegetables and potatoes. The lamb shank was very good, the roasted lamb was good. The mixed vegetables was a gray mash of peas cabbage and carrots cooked to death and they were just warm not hot. They tasted OK but look terrible. The waitress said that was how the vegetables were prepared. The food seem to be just dump together on a plate and didn't look very appetizing. We also split a Greek salad which for some strange reason didn't have any greens but the cucumbers and tomatoes and olives were tasty. I will try this place again and order something different.Best Greek food hands down. This is my Greek go-to restaurant. I love everything on the menu but the grilled octopus is a must try. Very generous portions and the Saganaki is also to die for too. Quaint little BYO. Wonderful, and very good looking staff ;)
Only problem I have is the gyro meat. Its the frozen kind. Please don't deny this Zorba. I've eaten plenty of gyro's in my day. The only reason I am adding this in my review is with the hope that the owner see's it and makes a change! This slight discrepancy however does not denote my star rating. I am so very pleased every time I eat here, they deserve 5 stars in my book.Food was delish and tasty, but more importantly - service was superb! We asked if the restaurant served wine, and they told us it was BYOB. So a few minutes after sitting down, hubby and I got dressed to go out and get smthg in nearby bar - that's when owner told us he found a bottle of wine and gave it to us on the house! That was so nice, genuine and thoughtful! Excellent, cozy, yummy place for lunch, with warm hospitality -highly recommend!Our food was delicious and the service was great!! Great ambiance. Sat outside and people watched. Lovely lunch!!One of my favorite restaurants in the Fairmont area.
Zorba's is a BYOB with traditional Greek dishes. The prices are reasonable as well. They have an appetizer sampler which is really good and filling in of itself. As a fan of lamb, I've tried several of the stewed dishes and never been let down.
It's a quaint restaurant you should definitely try out.Zorba's is one of those Fairmount staples. I prefer to go there when I can get an outside table, or when I visit with a particular group of friends who also share in my sentiment of fondness. Now what the heck took me so long to experience Zorba's delivery?! Shame on me. It's the same delicious food, just in my pajamas in front of my TV. 
Having experienced a day that could only be fixed by delivery, my husband handled all of the order details. I believe he placed directly with them, as we were able to pay in cash when the delivery guy arrived. The wait time was standard- I don't recall it arriving early nor do I recall being antsy about its whereabouts. 
I'm no stranger to the Imam Baldi. I think every time I have this eggplant in red sauce soufflé, I go on the record that this dish can turn me into a vegetarian. It came with the standard sides of rice, veggies and potatoes, all separated by little dividers as to not mingle. 
We were first timers to the Skordalia. Think extra, extra whipped mashed potatoes with extra, extra garlic. Move over (already fabulous hummus), you may have just been replaced in our repertoire. Okay, I kid. We'll just get both and have leftovers.
Speaking of leftovers, we totally were able to split our order into two meals. Score!  
Love that fresh bread they put on the table? Don't worry, you get that too. 
I'll still visit their actual location, but it's really good to know that I can get my Zorba's fix in the comfort of my own home.Yes, yes, yes!! So happy there is an authentic Greek restaurant in our new neighborhood. Looks like it's been here for ages. Best part - it's BYOB! The food is fantastic, we ordered melitzanosalta which is eggplant basically baba ganoush. Along with classic roasted leg lamb and octopus, both dishes were fantastic, very legit traditional. Can't wait to go back again - also very affordable for the portions.We ordered the hot appetizer sampler, the gyro platter and the pasta Athena. Everything was delicious but I was a little uninterested in the gyro, it had a weird taste that I wasn't used to compared to other Greek places I've eaten. But my boyfriend loved it. 
The service was really great and our server was very professional but friendly and personable. For our two platters and an appetizer it came to about 60. It was a cute place and a good date night place.Slow service, but seating outside is nice if you can snag a table during peak hours. Just expect to wait a tad, and don't be in a hurry. Both times I have been to this restaurant, the food hasn't been great, but they do have a good menu. Not thrilled that they do not have a bar...OPA! Love love love this little gem of a BYOB in the Fairmount hood. The girls and I walked right in on a Friday night with a few bottles of wine in hand and had a wonderful experience at Zorbas. We shared an array of dishes such as the cold platter stocked with great mix of yummy greek dips ( hummus, feta , tzatzikii etc). It was a hit for sure- just note that it comes with one pita- the dips are very generous and the 5 of us had no problem sharing- we had to request more pita though (which by the way, the pita is perfect). The mussels in a sweet red red wine sauce sans shells were so tasty. The hot feta dip and spring salad were also just as good. We topped the meal off splitting a delicious slice of cake in honor of my friend's birthday. The service was very accomodating and the atmosphere inside is super cozy- nothing fancy,  has an old school Greek feel. All of this for a mere $15/person.  You can't beat it ! I can't wait to head back and try some of the fishes and meats on the menu.Went here again after a long absence (why we took so long to go here again, I have nc). 
The food here is absolutely fantastic. This is truly a gem in Fairmount. Try to wait for the outdoor seating, if weather permits.. great ppl watching as you dine, sipping your wine (its a BYOB, so bring some).
The food is fast, Greek - Mediterranean and done very well.
We had Kabobs, Cold Platter, and vegetarian stuffed peppers.. everything was phenomenal, and we couldnt stop talking about how pleased we were with the service, food, ambiance, everything. 
Make a reservation now.. or stop by.. you wont regret it.Started with the octopus appetizer. It was amazing. I could of had three of these and made it a dinner. My friend had the Kapama dinner and I had the shrimp Poseidon. I was a tad bit disappointed in the size of the shrimp dinner as well as the presentation.. It looked like a cross between an appetizer and a dinner. We had baklava and Kantaifi for dessert. I wasn't really feeling the shredded phyllo dough on my dessert. Should have stuck with the tried and true baklava. Greek coffee was amazing. Definitely will be back here in the summer to sit outside and people watch while dining on a grilled chicken gyroI am a newbie to Philly from a foodie town boasting a few Iron Chef winners. This is my favorite places to go to. There are options for everyone, and the food is prepared with such quality my mouth waters just waiting for it. The servers and staff are wonderful and very cheerful. The meals here are always enjoyed.Went there last night with a party of 6. Was seated right away at a table in the back. The server was fantastic.
As for the food.....Spicy feta was to die for. The garlic potato dip was exceptional. 
I got the shrimp in lemon and oil as the main course. The shrimp were cooked over charcoal and that made all the difference. Skipped dessert since we were there for my birthday and we had cake at the house. I left stuffed and I cannot wait to return.We tried Zorba's for the first time last weekend, and it was absolutely perfect. It's a charming little spot with AMAZING food. Having tried several greek places in the area, this is my most definitely my favorite. Loved the fact that it's BYOB! We began with the spicy feta dip (the cold one, not the hot one!) and it was very flavorful. An awesome portion for the price. 
I had the Artichokes Constantinople as my entrée, and it was FAB. The sauce was tangy, salty, and so satisfying. I can't wait to go back and get them again.
My fiancé had some type of meat dish, I really can't remember what- but he loved it. Everything was tender and cooked to perfection. Also, the service was great, friendly, and fast.
I can't wait to go back ASAP!Spicy feta is da best. Get it, then get more. I swear I order three servings each time I visit from California. 
Entrees are also good, but not great. This rating is all about the spicy feta. Eat it.Finally decided to check out this little gem in Fairmount. One word, amazing! I ordered the lamb shank with red wine and tomato sauce along with the spicy feta cheese. The lamb was well seasoned and tender. The baked potato was exquisite and the spicy fita added a nice touch. Will def be returning!Happened to stop at Zorba's on our way back from the Eastern Penitentiary.  Great Greek food. You have lots of choices. Few outside tables & very nice & elegant looking inside. Ordered a tilapia gyro & it was scrumptious. You must try this place.Atmosphere was homey and comfortable. The cook's greet you as you come in along with the host. We made a reservation a couple hours before coming in on a Saturday night and our table was ready with bread and waters all around when we arrived. Food was incredible; fresh and came out quickly. We had several shared entres which were all delicious. Service was phenomenal. Great place for a date or small group.Great flavor! I sincerely enjoyed my chicken souvlaki! The baklava was the best too!!Wonderful service and staff highly responsive to customer opinion!  Ordered mussels platter and such a delicious dish with a lot of complex flavors.  Although the outside looks unassuming, the inside atmosphere is very comfortable and quaint.  Hidden gem in the Fairmount area. Highly recommend!Had an awesome dinner. Tried the Greek salad, meatballs, and appetizer plate. All were great. Nice ambiance, great food, and reasonable prices. BYOB.Remarkable service and food.  If you're a meat eater and with a friend get the Charbroil Platter... Trust me, it will blow your mind.Delicious food... The tzatziki is fresh and the frappes are great. Great local spot but the service could be friendlier. Portions are a little small for the price.I showed up hungry and left incredibly happy! The bread is amazing. I had the mussels appetizer and it was really good! I took a risk and tried the egg lemon dish and boy was it good!! I cant wait to go back and try the cheese appetizer that they light on fire!!!Came here for lunch with the bf this past weekend. We started with grape leaves and mussels. Loved the grape leaves, and the pita bread we got was delicious. We both liked but didn't love the mussels, would maybe skip them next time.
My bf got the gyro sandwich, and I got the charcoal chicken sandwich. The pita wrap it was in was delicious, and the whole sandwich was really yummy and flavorful! We were both really happy with the food here, and the waitress and waiters were very nice and friendly. We definitely plan to come back!Awesome. Shout out to the gyro, pita, and tzatziki sauce. Chicken was also extremely tender and succulent. All the portions were really great, and I didn't feel overstuffed after the meal. The quality and price was solid. I just wish I had more stomach space to eat more of their delicious food. Outdoor seating available.Came here to try something different and wow!!! The food was awesome...couldnt.stay long, only had the grilled squid but that was all I needed to motivate me to visit again..and the waitress was very friendly as well.A favorite in the neighborhood.   Can't go wrong with this byob.  Cold app sampler is an awesome starter and I haven't found a dish I don't like.  This place is also great for rehearsal dinners and events.Only a short walk off of  Benjamin Franklin Parkway is this small Greek restaurant I decided to fuel up on before checking out the Eastern State Penitentiary Museum. Small kitchen in the front, music, and two party of 4 , with a very warm atmosphere.
I ordered the soup of the day, a hearty vegetable and rice soup and the lunch size kalamari . I received the soup first, with a side of hot fresh grilled pita. As I finished half of the plate, the waitress filled my plate up with even more! The soup was tasty, a flavor I never had in a soup. 
She then brought out the kalamari with dipping sauce. No seasoning to the kalamari itself, but was fresh and crispy with great dipping sauce.  Wrapped up the two additional pieces of pita for my walk through Benjamin Franklin Museum district for when hunger calls.
Definitely recommendedI tried souvlaki platter 
souvlaki was great and vegetables and mashed potatos  and side menu were really good
delivered or take out, both were greatThe food is nothing special. I wanted to give it a chance but as soon as I realized they don't serve gyro sandwiches after lunch I should have walked away. I barely got enough rice and food is way over priced.Came here for a visit, found this place.. delicious roasted lamb,its simply awesome authentic greek placeFamily-run BYO with great food and a quirky charm. 
A little awkward in the service department, but cozy.
The decor is silly and fun but still retains it's small, romantic atmosphere anyhow.
Food is on fleek. Get the giant cold app platter to start and the giant grilled meat platter to share. You'll be so happily full of food. Such a good amount of flavor and char while still being juicy.This is my favorite restaurant in Philly!  The food is always fantastic (you HAVE TO get the spicy feta appetizer!), the prices are low, and the staff is a really sweet family who make everyone feel welcome.4 stars for being decent Greek food in the virtual Greek desert that is Center City Philly. Probably 3 stars for actual value and quality, but since I can't easily get to Queens for dinner, this will have to do, thus 4 stars for convenience. I recommend it for those in Center City looking for a Greek-fix. Best moderate-to-cheap Greek food I've had in Philly, not that there's a lot of competition.I went to Zorba's with moderate hopes, however I was extremely disappointed. Our waitress was awful. We waited 15 minutes after being seated to get our glasses of water and menus. She was very disrespectful over-all even when and after we ordered. When they brought out our wine glasses (BYOB) they gave us dirty glasses, it still had someones lipstick on it. When she put it down she said "Here this one is clean, it's just out" well I hope it's clean! 6 hours later I have actual food poisoning. I would never recommend this place, not even to someone I didn't like. It's poor service, unclean and food that will make you really ill.I went here yesterday on a recommendation from one of our staff who is a big foodie.  I thought if he loves the place then it has to be good.  Granted, we did go at an off time 3PM which is between lunch and dinner so what I have to report may be influenced by not being on their regular meal schedule and their prep may not be as good at this time.
The ambiance is not anything wowing, but it is clean and bright with photos from Greece on the wall depicting what most Americans think of when they think of Greece, very old buildings that were built to last the test of time.
My meal was just so-so.  I wouldn't say it was bad, just that it lacked the flare I was expecting.  The stewed veggies were delicious.  The chicken, rice, and hummus were average.  The gyro meat my partner ordered looked a bit dark and oily, which may be because it hadn't been ordered in a while and he was getting the outer part of the meat that cooks on the skewer.
The service is what made me give them a 2 star instead of a 3.  Our server was a young guy.  It was difficult to hear what he was saying because he ran words together and mumbled.  This guy might have been Greek, but I'm pretty sure he was at least 3rd generation American.  We had to repeat what we were reading directly off the menu several times for him to get it.  We both ordered drinks, neither of which showed before or during the meal.  I would have brought this up, but we had water and the ordering was so poor I didn't want to have the interaction again.  
Now the dessert, that's another story...the baklava was amazing, good sized portion, and the honey on top was sublime.  We also got the peach gelato which comes in a frozen peach.  It was also delicious.  After the first bite, my eyes widened as I looked at my partner with excitement.  I would definitely go there again, just for dessert after eating somewhere else in that Fairmount area.  The service did get better for dessert as a woman took charge of our table, which leads me to believe it was the end of the guy's shift.  She did notice that my partner had ordered a coffee later and asked if he wanted it with dessert.  I did not see the first guy anytime after dessert and he probably left.
Finally, hours later, both my partner and I had higher stomach acid issues, not severe, but enough to make me not want to return for a full meal.  My suggestion to the owners would be to watch those in-between times and give a little more effort/direction to serving/kitchen staff since there is more time without the traffic.Greek food is my favorite cuisine to eat.....period! I have never tasted greek food like this! I loved everything from the broadini fish all the way down the menu to the eggplant entree! 
Most importantly I love the staff! If anybody was to get fired, I think it could hurt the business tremenedously. Everyone that works there is so personable and also genuine. Your business could be out of state but if the customer service is good, I will be there all the time. It's hard to find service like this and I am a lifetime member from now to this place!I LOVE this place. Yes, the service isn't the best but the food is so delicious that I don't care. I dream about their stuffed peppers and tomatoes. Plus you can't beat a BYOB.When you walk in to the modest street front, past the kitchen and 50 year old landscape photos of Greece your welcomed by the enveloping, appetite stirring smell of fresh baked bread - served still warm and with a real crust and you know you're in a place that cares about their food. 
Started off with a sampler of the hot seafood appetizers. They were all done to perfection. The octopus was probably most memorable for the way it was prepared - first chargrilled and then arriving bathed in a sauce... Just order it is all I can say. 
For dinner we split the chargrilled plate of heavenly meats. I don't think I've ever enjoyed pork kebabs or any type of pork as much as I just did.  
To finish off the waiter gave one of the most unique goodbye's - "when you come back be sure and try our lamb, it's a signature dish. See you again!"
If the food wasn't so amazing I would give 5 stars for all around fantastic and sincere service that is hard to find and easy to recognize. Plus having sampled the lamb in our chargrilled mixed plate - I know he must be right that it's a signature dish.If you're looking for a cozy, romantic atmosphere with a touch of traditional Greek comfort, this is your place. 
Zorba is snuggled in Fairmount in Philly, but something about the location makes it a hidden gem. Not only are you able to get away from the trendy side of Philadelphia, you can also find a nice neighborhood to enjoy quality food. 
I had the pita and hummus for appetizer- absolutely delicious.  For dinner, Avgolemono (lamb shank with artichoke sauce) I have never had lamb cooked to perfection. It was so moist, the side of vegetables and rice was so filling. Totally worth the wait for it to be cooked. (Tip: If you want to try this dish, make sure to call ahead and check to see their availability for lamb). 
I must say, Greek coffee really hits the spot. It has a very rich, chocolatey taste to it. And the amount served is perfect for ending your meal. 
I assume the restaurant is family owned and operated, including the waiters. We had the same waiter the two times we went and he was VERY accommodating to where we wanted to sit, given the restaurant isn't that spacious. Here's one of the things I really appreciated: The restaurant is always busy, and there can be long waits for when you come without reservation. However, while you are dining waiters do not rush you to get out or to leave once you've signed the check. 
Cannot wait to go back!Food was good and service was fine. I wish I had gotten the gyro platter bc the gyro sandwhich just comes with the sandwhich and I could have eaten a bit more.Good solid neighborhood place. Dolmades are average to good. Watch out for the French fries they put in some sandwiches.I have lived a few blocks from Zorba's for many years and just recently had the pleasure of dining here. You can't beat the prices, service and atmosphere. This place has become my new home away from home.  I highly recommend enjoying a meal here.As good as it gets!! One of our favorite places in Philly. The service is excellent and the food has never let us down. You get a lot of food for what you pay and its always delicious. My boyfriend and I usually get the charcoal sampler for two and we usually end up bringing some home. The desserts are not but, but not among my favorites, most of them are too sweet.Best Greek restaurant in Philly! My husband and I frequently go here with our daughters and every time the food is amazing, service is amazing and the price is right. Just writing this is making me crave their potatoes and saganaki!This place is on point! I went with the grilled octopus and it was excellent. All the dishes are very reasonably priced. BYOB makes it extra affordable. If you like Greek, do not hesitate to check this spot out!!!I've only been to Zorba's once, but I think about that meal all the time. It was so delicious. My friend and I shared the hummus appetizer and then I had Shrimp Tourkolimano and she had Shrimp Santorini. I don't think either of us said a word for a little while because we were so focused on enjoying the food. We had to have dessert, so we split the Revani, which was soaked in a delicious honey syrup. 
Of course I love that it's a BYOB. I think this would be a great spot for a date. It's small, intimate, and cute.Just had stopped in on a whim and it was a great find. Got the large spring salad with chicken and it was so fresh and a very large portion. Place is authentic.An amazing place for spring and summer. It's great to sit outside with your dog and watch passers by. The kabobs are great. The wait staff is sweet and attentive.Amazing gyro! BYOB, fast service and reasonable prices...I really love this place and would highly recommend it if you're looking for Greek food in Fairmount.Perfect place to fill your tummy after a long tour at the penitentiary!  If you're longing for that Greek comfort food, this is the place. 
The day we visited the penitentiary was freezing cold and we were starving.  So we decided to go with the $33 grilled meat sampler for two.  Oh, and the octopus appetizer for $8.  They serve you a gimongous piece of warm fresh bread upon seating with olive oil.  It was so inviting.  We finished that octopus in 1 minute!!  The tender pieces of juicy charred octo swimming in the olive oil and vinegar...man, I could've eaten 4 more of these all by myself.  The grilled meat platter was HUUUUGE!  I'm drooling just thinking about it.  We devoured them all.  And finished it off with Greek coffee and kantaifi.  Mmmm, it tasted so perfectly sweet with the nuttiness of the walnuts.  The tiny side of whipped cream I believe was home made.  And that combo just made my day.  
Please go check it out, it's worth a trip!One of the best restaurants in Philly.  Flies under the radar with excellent food and is topped only by the excellent customer service.Great Greek food! It has truely authentic taste. We had their greek salad, pork souvlaki and their chicken. 
As you wait for your food they give fresh bread with fresh olive oil. In the oil, the added some nice herbs and spices, it was delicious. 
Also, they used fresh oil and basalmic vingerette in the salad. A very simple taste, true to Greek cuisine.
They also have exterior seating along the sidewalk.
Most importantly, they have BYOB, which is pretty great.Wow, Zorba's Taverna  has the best Greek food that I have ever had!  This place is a gem, and you could walk right by and not even realize what you are missing.
Zorba's is on the small side, so I would recommend calling ahead for a reservation if possible.  We called at 8:30 last night, and after some back and forth in Greek between the person who answered the phone and someone else, they decided that we could be seated at 9:30.  
Since we had never dined at Zorba's before, we decided to go all out and try the cold appetizer tray and the Charcoal Platter for two.  We also got a small Greek salad (hey, we were hungry!).  Everything was delicious.  The salad was fresh, crispy, and refreshing.  The appetizer plate had two types of hummus, tzatziki, moussaka, and a few other dips with lightly toasted pita.  The platter was humongous, and was piled high with chicken, pork, lamb, gyro meat, a spinach patty, rice, and veggies.  I didn't try a single thing that I didn't love, and my other half was in a meat-lovers heaven.  
The only slight downside is that the service was a little on the slow side at the end of our meal.  Our food came out extremely quickly, but we did have to wait a little bit to hail down the bill.  Not a problem, and everyone was very friendly.  Prices are very reasonable, our bill amounted to around $45 for all of that food! 
Also, Zorba's is a BYO, so make sure you grab a bottle of your favorite wine on the way out the door!3.5 stars for me.
We ordered the hot app combination platter (octopus, calamari, and mussels), gourmet lamb sampler for two, the greek honey cake for dessert, and coffees so we wouldn't go into a food coma.
The combo platter was not appetizing, so I would forgo this at the next visit. Small bits of octopus and small mussels. The portion for calamari was plentiful, but I was craving more of the octopus and mussels when we placed the order. However, the lamb platter with the red sauce was great! Very, very tender and flavorful. It also came with potatoes and vegetables to help soak up the juices from the lamb and sauce. Honey cake with coffee was needed after this meal. 
Service was attentive! Sit outside when the weather is nice, grab a bottle of wine, and enjoy.have been wanting to go here for awhile now and finally had the chance.  it did not disappoint.
we ordered:
1. small greek salad to start- loaded with tomatoes, feta, cucumbers and a light balsamic dressing
2. the zeus platter- a smattering of the cold + hot appetizers which is code for a plate of 6 different dips, and a platter of calamari (super hot and crispy and tender) with a small bowl each of grilled octopus and mussels stewed in tomato sauce
3. the house special lamb shank- tender fall off the bone lamb with potatoes, rice and mushrooms.  
the portions were generous, the service was super friendly and the food was absolutely delicious.  can't wait to come back to try more entrees.  and it's byob!
win win.Stumbled upon this place after getting turned around, getting lost pays off sometimes. The food here is delicious and has a sort of homey but also restaurant quality to it. The lamb was extremely tender and practically falling off the bone and by far the best thing was the Saganaki which had a great cheesy and slightly tart taste.
If I was to make any minor critique it would be lack of variety in sides, but this is an incredibly minor point in comparison to the rest.Now this is a true Greek restaurant. The food is truly authentic and fantastic. Great portions, great prices and great service. The decor may not be the best, but all the rest makes up for it. This is the place for home-made Greek food. Make this one of your stops on your list for greek food.One of my favorite BYOB's in Philly. As a Philly native who now lives over the state line in DE I make it a point to eat here as often as possible. The food is really good with nice portions and the service is always consisent with nice servers who always seemed to be smiling. I usually have the lamb gyro entree and it never fails that I clean my plate. I hope this place remains one of Philly's untouched gems!!!I love Greek food! Zorba's tavern is BYOB has a lovely patio area where you can people watch while enjoying the atmosphere. (Be careful with the mosquitos; they'll eat you alive out there!) 
We enjoyed the "charcoaled sampler for two" for $37 (pork kabob, chicken kabob, marinated chicken breast, two rack lamb chops, homemade sausage and gyro meat) which is the perfect thing to share and try a little of everything. Although it was delicious I couldn't get over the very high cost of the meals- they will run you $15-$25 on average per entree, and the ambience/quality did not really match the price.As a Greek looking for a nice restaurant in Philly, I stumbled upon Zorba's which was excellent!! The food was spot on, and reminded me of the food I grew up with. The service was wonderful and the food was amazing. We came in on a busy Saturday night and were seated right away and taken care of all night!!The service was fine and the food was tasty but I thought the ambiance was a bit lacking. The menu reminded me a bit of Taco Bell.... A few key ingredients shuffled around to make a variety of different options. We ordered the cold appetizer platter. It was so small that people at our table thought it was something that was compliments of the chef. This was a fine place but will not be a go to staple for me.Ate here for the first time recently. Quaint atmosphere, somewhat dark inside. They do have a few outside tables. The octopus was fabulous!! Very tender and great flavor.
However, they need to update the menus. They have pasta with grated cheese as an option with the meatballs. When we asked for it they said, "no pasta" I pointed out that it was on the menu. The server simply said "Oh those are old menus". Also,  lunch and dinner are on the same menu. We arrived at  4:30pm and were told it was time for the dinner menu. The lunch menu offered the octopus and the "spread" sampler at one price and the dinner menu offered the same items at $2 & $3 higher. 
I would definitely go back for the octopus!!Authentic Greek food. Love the octopus. Love the bronzino. One small critique, whenever we order the horiatiki salad, the tomatoes are never really that fresh. But overall really good.OMG, the charcoal chicken pita sandwich was magical! It has chicken,  lettuce, onion, tziki sauce & fries inside. I omitted the tomato.  So delish! My guy had the charcoal chicken platter with potato, vegetables & rice. He ate it all!  Thank you Zorba's for a magical meal in Philly!  They were so nice that after complementing the meal the chef sent out a free custard, phyllo honey dessert who's name I  can't remember.  Everyone's so nice in Philly!This is a great place to go if you want a nice, quiet dinner and a large, tasty pile of meat. (The pitas/hummus/tzatziki are, of course, also delicious).Phenomenal food!  I've been going here 2-3 times a year for the past 7 years.  I don't even look at a menu any more. Their appetizers are great, I usually go spicy feta dip, and their hummus. And for dinner My wife and I always get the Kapama (lamb shank in red sauce) the bone bone lifts right out, and the meat is sooo tender. And leave room for desert, I recommend the baklava (I get random cravings all the time). And my wife loves the honey cake and a frappe. 
I also want to make a side note about the staff. The cook is very nice and always greet us when we come in. And the 2 brother waiters are awesome. They are such nice guys, and always go out of the way for us.Went there with the wife and kids based on Yelp reviews. Lives up to the rating for the most part.  Food was very good  - had the grilled chicken shishkabob - perfectly cooked and delicious! Kids liked the Spanikopita as well as the meatball's over penne.  Waitress was not helpful at all - maybe caught her on a bad/off day.  Great table bread and pita with the humus.
My Ratings:
5* - Unfreaking believable.  Just the thought of going makes me drool.
4* - Very good. Would recommend to anyone.  Would be happy to return again. 
3* - Meh
2* - Not very good. Would only return if there were no other options.
1* - I know its arrogant to say it, but they should really close up shop. They've proved to me they don't give a sh@t.It's heaven smothered in tzatziki. Maybe Im naive, maybe I'm just not cultured enough - but as far as I'm concerned this is crazy good greek food. Like make out with the pita bread kind of good. 
We had a cold appetizer sampler and then I had eggplant stuffed with feta and tomatoes. Both were out of control delicious. Those two items plus my friends entree totaled to about $30. And it was BYOB. 
Crazy good food and relatively affordable? sold. done and done.Went there Sunday , My family and I all being Greek know what Greek food is suppose to taste like. Hands down the best Greek food we have had here in the USA, Waitress was excellent service was great.Nice authentic feeling spot. Platter was a bit small and had to order a gyro afterwards, but for first time in a real Greek restaurant I was pleasantly surprised by the flavors and quality. Awesome service as wellYup - if you've found yourself to this yelp page, I see some mediterranean goodness sometime in your very near future.  This place is family run and darn good down to the bones.  You're not getting a fancy Starr establishment but I can tell you that you will leave full of some amazing hummus and Tzatziki.  We came here a few weeks ago with some friends that were moving to NYC and wanted this to be one of their going away meals (you're now starting to understand more...) and we couldn't be happier that they chose it.  I'm ashamed to say that we lived in Fairmount for 3 years before heading here but we plan to make up for lost time in the coming months.  Everything was very well seasoned, fresh, and well priced.  We came here late on a Sunday evening and ended up needing to sit out front and wait while a table became available but luckily this is a BYO and we came prepared.  Highly recommend anyone to make a venture to Fairmount to explore this gem!I've been going to Zorba's for greek food for as long as I can remember.  I'm greek and anytime that we feel like going out instead of cooking, we go to Zorba's.  The family who owns it is really nice and the food they serve is quality.  I really enjoy the grilled octopus and the saganaki.  This place reminds me of the traditional tavernas you can find in Greece.  The outside seating is really nice when its nice out and the service is always great!The flaming saganaki sold us! Loved the food and ambience. Good place to go to if visiting the eastern state penitentiary. 
It's a good enough place for vegetarians. Not overloaded with options but not too few either. I had the grape leaves dolmade, which tasted good!
Only minus was the price range. As a student is complain!Popped by on a very hot afternoon for a late lunch on Sunday with my wife and 4 y/o daughter. We had the Greek salad (loaded with toms and cucs), the charcoal chicken platter (comes with roasted veggies and rice and a buttery, skinless, soft potato), and the Gyro platter. No complaints with this good, healthy food!