Ordered delivery, so that's why I'm giving the benefit of the doubt with three stars. 
Got the southwest chicken egg rolls and garlic buffalo wings. 
Egg rolls were good, but still so greasy. Like they had gone straight from the oil to the takeout container.
Wings were super weird. I think they use tempura rather than regular flour. The sauce was just buffalo, nothing garlic-y about it. 
Solid meh. Maybe I'll try again and actually eat in the restaurant.This was my first visit, but NOT my last. I ordered the ZuZu's chicken sandwich. Superb! I managed to eat half. I'll finish later for a midnight snack. Difficult to park. Only a few seats for eating at the counter. I can't wait to try this place again.My friend lives directly across the street, so when we wanted to have a Girls Night In and eat a lot of food and watch a movie, Zuzu's seemed like the perfect option.  And it definitely was.  We walked across the street to order and waited for our food.  It didn't take long at all and while waiting there, we were able to really see how important this local business is to the neighborhood.  Neighborhood kids were bopping in and out, people were picking up orders, they seemed to be regulars, addressing Zu (the owner) by name.  I love the little quirks of this place; there is a beautifully decorated wall with a take one, leave one book system...I'll attach a pic!
I really love that small business feel and I love supporting local spots just like this one.  The food was great and the service was excellent.  I got a chicken cheesesteak and we split cheese fries.  It is also very affordable.  
This spot is located next to Lorraine's in Fairmount.  It's small with some seating inside, but would probably be best to take your food to go.  I recommend this spot and I will definitely be back!I love this place! I live a couple blocks from here, so I've been more than a couple times. The guy who is always there is so nice! The one thing I really like about this place is they cook over a grill, not a flat top griddle. Also, they really put love into their food... roasted peppers are roasted in house, not from a jar, burgers are hand made.... They have pizza as well, which is reallyyy good,  the crust is crisp and not soggy and over loaded  like a lot of other places on Fairmount and always different varieties available. I wouldn't  put this under the pizza place category,  they are doing so much more! Hummus and pita great! Grilled chicken with home made pesto over roasted peppers and fresh mozzarella- sooo good! Chicken cheesesteak  french fries  burger. And the place is simple and cute inside !  Thanks Zuzu's!!!!What a hidden gem! The place itself is small and a bit out of the way, but they are on Grubhub, so it was super easy for me to order delivery. The food was very tasty for the price point. 
Zuzu's Salad ($7.99) is like an oasis of leafy deliciousness. It consisted of spring mix topped with avocado, cherry tomatoes, chickpeas, artichoke, and sunflower seeds. Although $7.99 is not extremely cheap, it was HUGE, and was restaurant-quality, not just some iceberg lettuce bullsh*t from shady corner shops. 
I also got an order of boneless garlic parmesan wings ($8.49) which was clearly made from real chicken, with a very crispy crust. The one drawback about this item is that it was a bit oily (quite drippy), but other than that, it was delicious. 
I also ordered Zuzu's burger ($6.99!) which was ridiculous (-ly tasty!) I don't know why anyone would bother to go to Shake Shack and eat their fast-food quality burgers when they can get a restaurant-quality burger from here for the same price. Zuzu's burger comes with provolone cheese, chipotle truffle mayo, and is topped with both a fried egg and a crispy onion ring. 
All this might sound like a lot of food for one meal -- it is! But it made for great leftovers. I ended up spending only a bit over $20 for three meals-worth of great food. Not sure I can do this anywhere else in the neighborhood. Zuzu's Special Pizza sounds amazing. Definitely ordering that next time I crave pizza!We had taco Tuesday here. Phil is the best the beef tacos are lit! The other tacos are brilliant! The boom boom sauce is good  I recommend light boom boom. Chx avocado is cheaper than whole food and comes with avocado! The nachos were finger licking good! Shout out to Phil it's lit!The Lamb Burger is hands down the best burger I've ever had! The French fries were delicious and were a large portion. Very friendly people behind the counter. Best bang for your buck!Had the lamb special pizza and the lamb burger.  Both were great. I have had their chicken fingers and wings too, but neither were as good as the lamb items. I can't wait to try more off their menu. It's a great addition to the neighborhood.I have lived around the corner from Zuzus for the past 2 years. I absolutely love this place. The owner is such a great guy. He really worked hard to get Zuzus to the where it is today. The workers are awesome. 
Now to the food: if you want something that is delicious, quick (usually only takes 10-15 min or less from the time you ordered), and a menu that will keep you coming back time and time again; go to ZUZUS!!Pizza is crispy and tasty. Service was fast and friendly. Prices are great too. A small but efficient little restaurant, can't wait to try their milkshakes!Love this place & owner is very friendly. 
Reasonably priced for the area. Everything is delicious but i usually purchase the buffalo chicken pizza, veggie pizza with boom boom sauce, chicken sandwich, or zuzu salad w/ chicken.This is a cool spot.  It's a neighborhood pizza spot but with a Mediterranean style.  You can get your usual pizza but also a house special lamb pizza or lamb wrap.  Good spot.This place is great! I work around the corner and have taken to getting lunch here once or twice a week. So far, everything I've tried has been great. The cheese fries (with chicken, jalapenos, and a truffle sauce) are probably the best I've ever had. The Zuzu's chicken sandwich is also great. Really, everything I've tried here has been very good. The prices are also very reasonable and the owner and staff are all very friendly. If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop in!Saw the Yelp reviews and decided to give it a shot. Happy we did! It'll probably be a quick fix neighborhood joint for us!
We ordered a cheeseburger, Zuzu's burger, a gyro, fries, and onion rings. The burgers and gyro were clean and tasty with very generous patty portions, which I don't love but I know others do. Fries and onion rings are nice and crispy how we like them!
We apparently ordered a cheesesteak instead of wanted cheeseburger, so the owner quickly adjusted the order for us very kindly with no complaints. 
We'll be back!Whenever my family and I visit this neighborhood, we always eat at Zuzu's! It's a family-run, family-friendly business where literally everything is delicious. The owner, Adel, is kind and is always looking out for his customers' happiness. I'd highly recommend trying out this place when you're around.Amazing pizza, salads, and milkshakes. You get your moneys worth, a slice is literally 1/4 of a pizza. No seating inside, but fast for take out or pick up.Pizza is great, service is not. I ordered twice on Grubhub and it was fine, but since I was starting to only get my pizza from there I ordered directly from their website, and after almost 2 hours, still no pizza. Called and they said they had lost my order. After a couple minutes on hold they told me they found it and said they will make it now, and asked if I would still like it. Um yes? I had already paid of course I still want it. And received no apology for the wait/loss of my order. Horrible customer service.The owner and the staff here are friendly and turnout great food. One of the cleanest pizza place I've seen.ZuZu's kitchen is a excellent addition to the neighborhood.  We ordered the fattoush salad and ZuZu's special pizza.  The portions were large and the food was delicious.  The best part was dessert.  ZuZu's had several desserts to choose from, and we picked the Tiramisu.  It was the perfect end to the meal.  We will definitely go back to try the other items on their menu!We love Zuzu's! My favorite menu item is the bacon avocado panini and my boyfriend really likes their cheesesteaks. Pizza is also on point and the lamb burger is divine! Highly recommend!Tomato pie is 10/10. Super flavourful and filled with garlic and basil. Zuzus chicken sandwich and the boneless wings are amazing too. Best neighbourhood joint!Everything I ordered was delicious! I ordered the chicken shawarma and it was seasoned and grilled perfectly. Their cheeseburger and wings were pretty great too.This is one of my favorite spots in Philadelphia. The food is amazing and high quality. I recommend the fish tacos and zuzu's chicken sandwich, but you really can't go wrong with anything. The prices are more than reasonable and the staff is excellent. 10/10 would recommend.ZuZu's is such a great little spot! The guys that work there are awesome and really friendly and helpful! One time, I was stick on the side of the road because TRUMP was coming through with all these cars and cops and the ZuZu employee literally walked my food to my car! They are always willing to work with you to ensure you enjoy your experience every time! Food wise, BE SURE TO GET THE SOUTHWEST SPRING ROLLS! They are soooooo good! 
If you want to have a chill experience and enjoy some really good food but don't want to pay an arm and a leg - ZUZUs is your jammmm!!Since Zuzu's opened, they've consistently given great pizza and have a great atmosphere. 10/10 recommend.Food is great, service is friendly, delivery is fast- perfect combo! Love the burger, fries, and shawarma wrap. Heard people rave about the milkshakes but have yet to had enough room to order! 10/10best fucking everything forever. eat here or suffer disappointing pie. 
zuzus fries are pure heron, and so is the zuzu burger for that matter. 
back to the pie; it's perfect. order now.I had the buffalo wrap- it was drenched in sauce. Practically inedible. The chicken was chopped up like a chicken cheese steak. Not good.Who paid for these reviews? My pizza was peppery and the burger was ok but nothing to rave about also, the fries tasted stale.The food is piping hot and fresh. My husband and i ordered the chicken schwarma and the meat lover's pizza. The staff is very friendly and the food was absolutely yummy. I can see why people love this place! I would definitely recommend to everyone and next time we visit Philly we'll be sure to go here again.I was visiting philly from NYC. One of my friends suggested this place. I liked the ambience to start with. So we ordered a couple of things, zu zu chicken fries were so delicious I have not had such fries in NYC. Ordered a chicken sandwich that was sooooo tasty. Also ordered a lamb wrap, the wrap was good but not spicy probably I forgot to mention that I want it spicy. I would totally recommend this place if u r hungry n looking for quick bites. The guy at the register was too polite.I went there with a friend and we had the Zuzu's burger, Zuzu's fries and pesto pizza. All of them were amazing! You could clearly see they didn't compromise on quality and I was more impressed when I found out they had just opened. The staff and the owner were very friendly as well. Definitely coming back soon and recommending it to all my friends.
Update: Went there a few more times and tried more of their selection, including the shawarma and a few other varieties of pizza, still in love with the place and their quality!Zuzu's is perfect. A local to-go place with wide variety of food. All of which does not disappoint. And to top it off they couldn't be more accommodating.I'm a foodie and this place is paradise. Zuzu's kitchen is a hidden takeout spot in Fairmont that is an absolute gem. I've tried almost everything from their mouth watering Zuzu's burger to their delicious pizzas and their already famous Zuzu's Chicken sandwich. All I can say is..I have never once been disappointed. Whether you are picking up or getting delivery I highly recommend trying Zuzu's kitchen for its freshness, quality, balance and innovative twists to traditional quick eats.This is one of my favorite local joints for a quick to go dinner. The owner is super nice and the food doesn't disappoint! My favorites are the zuzu salad with steak or the roasted veggie sandwichGreat prices, food and service.  Been very satisfied every time I've gotten food there.  The boom boom sauce is good.  Same goes for the Mahi Mahi tacos, the zuzus pizza, the zuzus chicken cheese fries, the lamb burger, and I'm sure all the other things I havent tried yet.Great Francisville restaurant. We had the chicken gyro and falafel. Both solid sandwiches. Good prices, excellent service. No culinary surprises here, but very good at sandwiches and pizza. The Zuzu fries were way more than we expected, but definitely worth the indulgence.I've only had delivery from this place, but I'm a pretty huge fan. They deliver quickly and have pretty good prices and food.
I've had the lamb burger which is GREAT, the southwest chicken egg rolls which I always really like.
I've had the zuzu's burger and I am really not a fan. I think it may be the sauce? I'm not sure, it tasted really weird to me.
Haven't tried anything else yet, but planning on it!Got the Grilled Chicken Hoagie. Very good sandwich. Better than expected. Big and packed with meat.I think I found the best pizza in town. The owner is so creative with his food. Extremely clean environment. The owner is so funny and friendly a great guy. And adding chick peas to the pizza is a really great idea. Huge variety of salads and the house dressing is amazing. I was concerned of the frying oil and the owner showed me what kind of oil they use and guess what!! It's 0 trans fat. The menu is to die for. Such a great experience. I ordered from there for a super bowl party and my friends were dying to know the address of the place I got the food from. I encourage such businesses when it comes to gourmet food and healthy at the same time! Way to go Adel "The owner"Not sure what's going on these days, but I've been getting super unlucky with food orders from my usual favorites, most recently this one. 
My 10-piece buffalo wings looked extremely sad. First of all, they looked and tasted old (as if reused from someone else's order), but they were also tiny and chewy, as if they came from unhappy scrawny underfed teenage chickens. I almost felt bad eating them, but was mostly annoyed that I did not get my money's worth ($8.50+). 
The greek salad was the same size as usual, but the level of freshness wasn't. The tomato and lettuce pieces had brown spots all over them. I also ordered a cheeseburger, and found that although the quality was roughly the same as usual, the beef patties were super greasy and the "cheddar" that came with it was more like waxy orange American cheese than cheddar. 
The lamb kefta wrap was probably the highlight of the lot, but it was a bit small and also super oily. It was hard to tell whether the filling was beef or lamb. For $5.99, it's not super expensive, but it's also not super substantial, with only ground meat, a few strands of red onions, and some parsley. 
The weirdest thing about this order wasn't even the food, though. The delivery guy parked outside of my building and called me, saying I needed to go outside to the car and get it from him. In the past, Zuzu's Kitchen has typically delivered to my apartment, which is why I've always included a generous tip on top of the existing delivery fee. But the delivery guy this time even made a fuss about dropping off my food at the security desk in my building, and the whole point of me ordering delivery was because I was experiencing some leg muscle aches, making going outside a bit tough for me. 
Needless to say, there are too many good places for food in the city to pay extra fees to get greasy food of declining quality not get delivered to one's home. It's sad because I used to really like this place.I had the joy of living across the street from zuzus for a year. The only bad part about this is I just wanted to order zuzus every day because it is SO good. The food is so good and the people are so friendly. 
My go to order was normally pizza, because who doesn't love good pizza? I liked the plain, but would also mix it up with their variation of a Hawaiian pizza. The food is Mediterranean based so there's no bacon, but the ham they use on the Hawaiian pizza is better! 
They also have zuzus chicken cheese fries. They are delicious and also unique from regular cheese fries. They add jalepenos and truffle oil which gives it an extra burst of flavor. 
Finally, if you're looking for a healthier option zuzus still has you covered! They have some great salads and wraps. 
 And before I forget! Dessert! They do have dessert as an option, which certainly isn't what they are known for so I normally stick to the dinner options. But if I'm looking for something sweet their milkshakes are actually very good!Great food, great service, lovely decor. Just a nice place I happened to walk by.The lamb kefta wrap was spicy and delicious. I can't wait to come back and try more items! They also seem to have a number of delicious bakery items I can't wait to try.Stopped into this little pizza and sandwich shop for lunch and everything was delicious.
They have the usual stuff like pizza and burgers (which are good) but this place really shines with their special dishes (basically anything that is "Zuzu's" in the title).
Zuzu's burger is incredibly juicy. Zuzu's chicken sandwich is wonderfully spicy. However the must try item has to be Zuzu's pizza (Lamb, Chickpeas, Mozzarella & Feta Cheese, with Fresh Cilantro). I've never had lamb on a pizza before but since trying it I can't believe it took me this long. Absolutely fantastic! If you're in the area it is well worth your time to stop in for a slice.
Besides excellent food the staff were friendly and helpful. The whole place was also really clean. This is definitely a place where they really care about the quality of the food and making their customers happy.
They haven't been open that long but I really feel like this is going to become one of those neighborhood fixtures that everyone needs to visit.I've heard Zuzu's has good food from friends, but their dessert it terrible! We ordered the oreo cake and a peanut butter milkshake. The milkshake had no peanut butter taste and instead tasted like mediocre vanilla ice cream. The "oreo" cakes were simply small round chocolate cakes with a little bland cream in the middle. There was a little bit of oreo crumbs sprinkled on top, but the cakes taste nothing like oreo. If disappointment had a taste, this would be it.Tomato pie is 10/10. Super flavourful and filled with garlic and basil. Zuzus chicken sandwich and the boneless wings are amazing too. Best neighbourhood joint!
UPDATE: Lamb burger is insanely good and the Boom Boom pizza is heavenly. Have yet to eat something I didn't like here!I called about 15 minutes before arriving. The phone order process was extremely pleasant. Staff was pleasant upon arrival chicken Caesar salad is delicious!!Stopped by at 11:15 to get some late night food. We got a slice of buffalo chicken pizza, chicken zuzu sandwich, lamb Kefta wrap, caprese sandwich and zuzu chicken fries. Everything was awesome but the lamb was my fav. They were closing so gave us 3 slices of the pizza instead of one. 
Someone also walked in as we were leaving and they just gave them few slices of pizza for free since they were closed. Amazing people n service.Great service! My boyfriend and I have ordered from here a few times and the owner remembered us each time. The cheeseburger is really good! Fresh condiments .. including delicious pickles. Yeah pizza looks good - might try that next! Definitely recommended.I had an issue come up with my food and called the restaurant to complain. within. ten minutes the OWNER himself came to us to apologize and explain what had happened. This is exactly what customer service should be, and this man exemplifies what it means to be a business owner, and a leader.Been in a few times and always had great food. I'd like to highlight and give props on the Buffalo Chicken Pie. Made NY proper with blue cheese. Too many places slaughtering the Buffalo name with ranch around here. #FriendsDontLetFriendsDipInRanchThis place is my go to in the neighborhood.  Great fast food options with nice taste and spice, especially the boom boom sauce.  The people that work there are always nice and accommodating.  The options are also vast so you don't always have to get the same thing!Yes!  I've been a resident of Francisville since 2010 and I've slowly watched new eateries open up over the last 6 years.  Some good, some completely forgetable.  Luckily ZuZu's is the former and not the latter.  At first glance you might think this is a pizza joint...and you wouldn't be wrong about the pizza part.  However,, it's much more than that.  It has Arab items like Shawarma and various other standard dishes with a kick of middle eastern spice.  On my third visit, i decided to go simple with a chicken cheesesteak with jalapenos, beef bacon, and mushrooms.  They hit it out of the park.  On my first trip i jammed on the beef shawarma, and it didnt disappoint one bit.  I also ordered up the banana pudding,  which was when I learned that they have all their desserts made by a local bakery.  In other words, try the desserts!Pros: good margherita pizza & wings; friendly workers
Con: rude owner. Refused to acknowledge or greet us when we walked in. Called a worker over and stood there watching.
Overall, the food is reasonably priced, but on the fence about returning.great food for kids and if you like traditional foods come here it is very nice Phil is the best and the environment is a nice cool kudos to everyone there !! they won't disappoint you your wallet or your stomach  come here and be impressed!!!Awesome food! And the owner was very friendly and knowledgeable about culinary arts. I ordered their special sandwiches and pizza, all of it was tasty and the atmosphere was just right for a pizza place. Im glad they are next to my job and always coming back ! Thank you Zuzu Staff and OwnerFriday afternoon at zu zu's was fast and delicious! We ordered a chicken cheese steak w/ pepperoni, beer battered onion rings and a piece of Buffalo chix pizza to go. 10 min later the food was ready and we home enjoying. The foyer of the spot was very welcoming and clean. The employees were also so nice. Give this gem a try.I stopped by Zuzu's Kitchen off the recommendation of a friend and it did not disappoint! From the interior decor and the friendly staff to the creative menu, this is definitely my new go-to spot. I ordered Zuzu's salad and the only thing I can say is WOW! The ingredients are so fresh and I especially loved the avocado and artichoke! While I was eating I decided to order Zuzu's special pizza to bring home and eat with my roommates. Lamb on a pizza??? I figured if the salad was this amazing, the pizza has to be too! (I mean, it is a pizzaria after all) Holy CRAP!!! Best. Pizza. Ever. Lamb is my favorite and so is pizza. Both combined? HEAVEN. The lamb is obviously great but the 2 different cheeses and chickpeas on top really seals the deal. I am not in this area often but I plan to be here a lot more! The owner was great as well, I asked him a lot of questions and he was very knowledgable about everything on the menu. You can really tell that this is his passion.So happy I found this place. Quick delivery and food is always on point. The hummus is delicious- better than anything you can buy in the store. Their menu is huge and everything is good. I keep trying new things and I haven't been disappointed. Definitely my new go to for delivery.Decent place food wise, but they illegally spam our mailbox with flyers despite not paying postage and ignoring the official no flyer sticker on our door.Can't say enough good things about this place. All their food is excellent. Personal favorite is the zuzu sandwich!Love zuzus!!! Very impressed with their pizza. Highly recommend the boom boom slice! Full menu with very reasonable prices! Inside is clean and very modern looking. Have nothing but good things to say!Visited on a recent family trip to PA and fell in love with this adorable pizza/sandwich place. Despite bar stool seating and a lack of high chairs, it was extremely family friendly, with enough space inside for our kids to eat in their stroller. The food was AMAZING, especially the Zuzu pizza (lamb on pizza? Yes please!) which the kids and I all loved. I also got to taste the Zuzu sandwich, which was phenomenal. The staff was welcoming and very accommodating.
We'll definitely go back at every opportunity because it was just that good!ordered delivery here a couple times. all terrible. first time took 3 hours to show up. 2nd time a cold cold margarita pizza. third time decided maybe i should just go pick it up. some how... still... a cold pizza...ZuZu on that beat! Place is great, cheap tasty grub that will satisfy. I always order through Grub Hub and the food arrives super quick. My only complaint is I wish the menu were a bit more diverse but otherwise it's awesome. Cheeseburger is great, buffalo chicken wrap, among others.I went into my first zuzu's kitchen eating experience  blindly, reading no yelp reviews beforehand. I really did not know what to expect, except the fact that they had burgers and pizza. The restaurant was decorated nicely which reassured me upon ordering the zuzu cheese fries, which at one point during the order I regretted. But I didn't care. I was hungry AF. After me and my woman walked through the blistering cold we got home and I housed the fries. They were delicious! The truffle oil was a nice touch. Her chicken sandwich was dry so she had to add ranch but that's chill, she still ate it. Now the cats are bothering my allergies and I'm gonna have to blow my nose 15 times. Merry quanzaZuzus is a little Francisville spot but convenient for a quick bite to eat. The pizza is alright good crisp and fresh would recommend the zuzu sauce for little extra pow. The wings are top notch, saucey and fully cooked. Panini are a solid choice as well. Fairly priced and quick service.Everything here is Fuego montego on the real. Like y'all don't even understand. Zuzu's Chicken sandwich is a party up in my mouth with all dat flavorOh geez
Don't waste your time really
Wings are pretty good
Burger was ok
Cheese fries....yuck
Horrible chocolate cake...acme qualityZuZu's is awesome and a great addition to the neighborhood. The staff is very friendly and always so welcoming. Food is delicious and never disappoints. We always pop in here and it's a go-to for quick dinner nights. It's definitely a healthier, lighter option than the standard, local pizza shops. ZuZu Chicken sandwich is a must and the ZuZu's cheese fries are a must have guilty pleasure.  So glad this place opened up!I've been coming here for a few years and generally I like the place. The sandwiches are tasty and the service is friendly, so I do not have a real issue with it as a whole. I do not like the pizza though and I am writing this review because of recent changes in the pizza quality here that I noticed. 
I grew up in an area of the country well known for high quality pizza so I admittedly have high standards. I always thought Zuzu's pizza was mediocre until a few weeks ago when I randomly went in for a plain slice and I noticed the crust was remarkably thinner and crispier than it had been in the past. It tasted just like the pizza I grew up on and I was truly excited that they perhaps improved their recipe, since this is a local neighborhood place for me.
Sadly that didn't last for whatever reason. I ordered a pie last night and the crust was spongy/rubbery, perhaps even more so than it had been before. I don't know if they changed staff or are experimenting with different recipes but I am certain there was something very different about the pizza for a bit at the beginning of this month and it is now back to being mediocre to bad. If the owners are reading this, I highly recommend going back to the thinner style from recently, there is no comparison.So glad I finally tried this place! I've been living a block away for several months and never knew this place existed! My friend ordered two slices of pizza, and I ordered a gyro with fries. Everything was delicious, and the men inside were so friendly. Can't wait to go back!Good food, terrible and unreliable delivery. Waited over two hours for an order that never arrived.Went here for a quick/easy after work bite and was not disappointed! I ordered a veggie burger which was very filling. You could see the peas and beans and other veggies which is always pleasing.the fries were cooked perfectly, not too hard and not undercooked. The guy at he counter was very nice and I was impressed with the inside decor considering i thought it was just another pizza joint. I will definitely be returning thanks to he service, the food and the ambiance.I love this place. The staff is always friendly and the slices are big and delicious. Not to mention the decor is unique and inviting. Great neighborhood pizza place/grill.Great local take out
More than a pizza shop other great medaterian food
hummas was awesome
no tables
pricing fare
I will go backExcellent food. I have loved everything I've tried. I am partial to their lamb burgers, ZUZU burger which is a double mild spiced hamburger with a fried egg and an orange sauce. I've enjoyed other things there and have not been disappointed. Thank you!Zuzu's Kitchen is a decent place to grab some carry-out on days when I don't have time to cook. It's primarily a take-out place but they do have a small section of window bar seating that accommodates maybe four people. I walked in and placed my order at the counter and waited and the food didn't take long to get ready.
Chicken cheese fries sounded like something I had never eaten before and so I ordered them. They consisted of fries on the bottom with cheese sauce, fresh jalapenos, and breaded fried white meat chicken cut into strips and placed on top. Comfort food doing what it's supposed to do, nothing amazing but filling and satisfying. The Mahi Mahi Tacos were good but far from the best I have had. The fish was good but the rest of the toppings left something to be desired. The lettuce was refreshing but added no flavor and the pico de gallo even seemed a little bland and it's a pretty simple salsa as it is. The boom boom sauce had some spice and was a welcome addition to the tacos.
Altogether, I would stop in again. The prices are good with everything under $10 except for some of the pizzas and the menu has a large variety of items. I liked what I tried without being blown away. Solid neighborhood take-out.So, one of the many curses of having grown up in New York is that you kind of can't help being a pizza snob. And for this Brooklyn girl, I am sorry but Zuzu's plain  pizzas are kind of mediocre. I'm willing to give them a shot for their pizzas with toppings, because that's where some restaurants really shine, but I would never get the margherita again, and the plain cheese is mostly interesting because of the spiciness of the sauce. The cheese isn't very flavorful and the bread is ehh, so I really hope that I'll like the veggie pizza because this is my nearest pizza spot, and the prices are pretty agreeable. 
Pretty much the only good thing about where I lived in Brooklyn was that there were multiple great pizza options, so now I'm spoiled. Goddammn you Brooklyn, still finding ways to mess with me.Great pizza, outstanding service!! 
Their speciality pizzas are wonderful.  Very quick and served fresh.