Vegans avoid this restaurant
We decided to go to 10 Foot Pizza on North Rampart in New Orleans on June 26. The previous day I had dropped in and questioned a server about their vegan pizza options, which the restaurant was promoting on its sidewalk sandwich board. The server was friendly and enthusiastic. She indicated that one of our options would be to build our own pizza.
When we arrived and were seated, we were met by a surly server who gave every indication of not wanting to be there. We should have left, but we persisted. He told us the build your own option was not available and he was impatient when we asked for modifications to the single vegan pizza ("Hail Seitan") offering on the menu. His service became increasingly hostile.
The pizza that we were served was dull and bland. It had very few toppings except potato chips, which did not work well on the pizza. There was so little vegan cheese on the pizza, it was hard to detect the flavour. Never have we seen a restaurant so badly mess up their primary menu item as this restaurant did.
New Orleans does not appear to have a lot of vegan restaurants, but many mainstream restaurants seem to try to accommodate vegans. This attempt at accommodating vegans was desultory and ill-mannered. Vegans should avoid this restaurant and spend their money at a more appreciative place.Meatzza was delicious!!!! The staff is very friendly. Cracklings on a pizza??? Wow! Will definitely be back when we visit!!!The flavor of the overall pizza was good...
Pizza was burnt the hell up!!! 
Probably won't be back unless I ate inside the shop... it was deliveredGreat pizza, quirky atmosphere. A welcome addition to rampart!   Nice that you can order by the slice so you can have some on your way to bourbon and the way backOk, so when plans change for the evening you have to adjust. Several people told us about 10 ft Pizza down the street, so we thought that we would give it a shot. WOW!
We walked in and it was normal for New Orleans, eclectic, ceiling fans, warm but not hot. The bartender, Zach, greeted us, handed us menus and started asking questions. This is when the fun started.
He made me two, off the menu beverages, which I enjoyed, I love when a bartender can work off the fly. They serve Dr. Pepper which my wife loved!
We were able to change up the pizza by taking one of the on the menu pizzas and changing it up, i.e. meat lovers type, use olive oil-based sauce and add vegetables. After ordering the pizza we decided to add a Caesar salad and they split it without us asking.
The meal was AWESOME, and the service was even better, certainly worth the walk or drive. We will definitely be back!Delicious pizza, good beer, a nice bar and amazing decor with a very friendly staff. The whole pizzas are a bit pricey, but they are made with premium ingredients and are very large, easily feeding four people. They sell pizza by the slice, too, just not their specialty pies. We went after a festival in the park across the street, and the kitchen was having problems keeping up with the demand for pizza by the slice. I recommend a visit. They are also open very late.A huge pizza that's nice and thin crusted with scrumptious toppings including Margarita, Pepperoni, Cheese, Elote, Hawaiian, etc. It's at a great location and is the perfect and reasonability priced food for the alcohol full neighborhood.
Our group got the Elote and Hawaiian and had no chance of finishing both monsters. The Elote didn't really have much corn and was just a simple vegetarian I personally felt lacked flavor. The Hawaiian was great, rich in meats and certainly that refreshing pineapple taste.Vegans avoid this restaurant
We decided to go to 10 Foot Pizza on North Rampart in New Orleans on June 26. The previous day I had dropped in and questioned a server about their vegan pizza options, which the restaurant was promoting on its sidewalk sandwich board. The server was friendly and enthusiastic. She indicated that one of our options would be to build our own pizza.
When we arrived and were seated, we were met by a surly server who gave every indication of not wanting to be there. We should have left, but we persisted. He told us the build your own option was not available and he was impatient when we asked for modifications to the single vegan pizza ("Hail Seitan") offering on the menu. His service became increasingly hostile.
The pizza that we were served was dull and bland. It had very few toppings except potato chips, which did not work well on the pizza. There was so little vegan cheese on the pizza, it was hard to detect the flavour. Never have we seen a restaurant so badly mess up their primary menu item as this restaurant did.
New Orleans does not appear to have a lot of vegan restaurants, but many mainstream restaurants seem to try to accommodate vegans. This attempt at accommodating vegans was desultory and ill-mannered. Vegans should avoid this restaurant and spend their money at a more appreciative place.10 foot pizza. Came here after reading Nola.com article. Really feel like I could hv gone to Costco and had better pizza. Service isn't that great. It took them forever to acknowledge me and my boyfriend. And they weren't that busy. The coke they served me was a bit flat and at the end of the syrup. Pizza is just ok honestly. The slice they gave me had like 2 pepperonis on it. I did like that it was really hot. And the bar has a cool vibe. If you want drinks and something to much on in a cute setting this place will do.Vegan pizza! Lucked into this place. Awesome, large pizzas with vegan 'meat' and 'cheese' toppings. The vegetarian 'Elote' pie got good reviews from others at the table too. The decor (ceiling and bathroom especially) is really fun.We stumbled upon this place earlier today and I'm so glad we did! It is the CUTEST bar. The pizza was super yummy. We went in the middle of the day so I'm not really sure what the place is like at night. 
What impressed me most was how kind our server/bartender was. My grandpa spilled pizza sauce on his pants and she went and got club soda for him to clean it off without us even asking. I thought that was awesome. 
I would definitely recommend stopping by here!Great new pizza place on the outskirts of the FQ. My friends and I stumbled in after several hours of bar hopping and were greeted by our friendly serve who walked us through the menu and took our order. 
Now you can order by the slice or get full pies, we went with slices. We kept it simple and ordered pepperoni and cheese. When our slices arrive they were a good size, hot and tasty. 
They serve beer and wine and maybe some cocktails (can't remember things were a little hazy). 
The decor is great especially the big murals. 
Our serve dud disappear for a bit but it was ok as we were done ordering. 
All in all excited about this new addition to the FQ pizza scene.We stumbled onto this place while on a tour, and the ambiance was what drew us in. Food was great and came out quickly, they also have vegetarian options. They also have to coolest bathroom! Quick service, and very nice, highly recommend!Pizza was to die for at 11pm on a Friday night after strolling around Bourbon St.  Crunchy NY like thin crust you fold in half and devour.  Thanks dude!!!!Red Truck Clubhouse is one of the raddest places in the French Quarter. The pizza is great (they have vegetarian options!!) and you can grab a slice or a pie. The interior design is SO COOL and the bartenders are super friendly. Every time I'm in the French Quarter, I make sure to pop in for a drink and sit under their beautiful fairy-lit tree. I followed Red Truck Club house on social and found out that they host lots weekly activities, so I definitely recommend giving them a follow! So far, I've been to some movie nights that they show on their projector, and I went to their pumpkin carving night which was so much fun! If you dig a punk rock vibe, friendly people, and amazing pizza, definitely stop in!The pizza was delicious! Right off Louis Armstrong Park and it has a Ms. Pac-Man machine...full bar, fun decor. Definitely go there. The slices are huge!This particular visit gets one star. Come here quite often and always had a great pizza. This is the most pathetic "Meatza" they have ever made, it is missing the pork jowl and Cracklin. Really disappointed. Consistency is the key to good business.Stopped in for pizza but it looked like it had been sitting there for awhile. Confirmed with the guy working there. Was headed to the restroom when the woman behind the counter said I'd have to buy something to use the restroom. Normally I would but the pizza was old so.... I walked down the street and found a place with a friendlier staff and fresher food. 
Not recommended.Great deals, cool atmosphere, burned pizza, and broken chairs. 
Looked like a cool place to have a quick lunch after Armstrong park, walked in and loved the punk vibe. Ordered two slices and the Monday margarita (a steal at $4 a marg). Sat down and immediately regretted it. I went through three chairs before I found one safe enough to sit in, and then the pizza was ready. We folded it up to eat, like a New York slice, and saw the bottom was blackened and burned. The sauce was a little spicy for my likes, but not bad. But the burnt pizza was a little rough to handle.
All in all probably not bad, but watch out for overcoming!We love the vibe in this place! Not packed at all! The decor is amazing. The bathroom is lined with flowers and the walls are covered in art and it's just an amazing atmosphere. You can tell an artist put a lot of thought into how this place was going to look. Music is amazing and chill.
The pizza looks amazing but we just came from dinner so we didn't try it. There wasn't toilet paper in the bathroom and service was a little slow at times but we still thought it was 100% worth it to come here. Monday nights are margarita nights and you can get 4 dollar margaritas. The first round of drinks we got was only half full which was discouraging but it tasted really good so we weren't mad. Highly recommended to come here it was a great experience regardless of the little things listed aboveLove love love the atmosphere, wish I had one of these places back at home in Sacramento . Went for Mardi Gras and it was near our hotel .. must check it outCool dive on rampart. Nice bar staff and solid late night slices. Cheap drinks also makes for a solid late night stop. Decor for Halloween was killer.Ordered a cheese pizza from here for delivery. Was pleasantly surprised. Good sauce, NY-style crust and the sauce even had a bit of kick to it.We have really enjoyed getting to know (read: Eat....) Red Truck's pizza over the last months since they've opened. We hold this place pretty close to our sentimental hearts and tastebuds. Tonight we just had to do a stay in, order pizza, drink red wine and watch trash TV and movies night. I'm an OCDish kinda gal and often request "extra sauce..." You can see from the photo, how much fun it is to employ Red Truck as your neighborhood pizza joint.This place is a fucking blast and Alicia is the absolute best. Fabtastic bar, fantastic bartender, great timeWell it seems 10 Foot Pizza is now Red Truck Clubhouse also a pizza spot. The Margarita pizza was rather bland, skimpy on the sauce, and it arrived cold. We had to reheat, add garlic and more cheese to actually make it edible. When pizza is your business you really need to bring your A Game.As you enter the Red Truck, you'll instantly feel welcomed by the beautiful art covering the walls, friendly bartenders and locals - finally to be entirely embraced by the aroma of what will be the best Pizza you'll find anywhere in the French Quarter. Sit at the bar, pop open a local brew with your slice, and enjoy the view of Rampart St.This place has TERRIBLE customer service and are RACIST. A group of friends and I went to get a slice of pizza from the bar. I didn't add a tip to my ticket because I was going to pay cash and as soon as I was reaching in my pocket to get her cash tip the bartender aggressively asked "Why aren't you tipping me?" I told her that I was actually getting cash out of my pocket but felt attacked and did not feel comfortable tipping more as she was extremely unprofessional. She then continued to yell and tell everyone at the bar that I was a "black cheap ass". I left the bar immediately as I did not want to allow her to mess with my inner peace but I will NEVER go here again and if you are any POC you will more thank likely have the same experience, sadly. This truly saddens me. Do better!Stopped in because we noticed the awesome decor from the street, so glad we did! Awesome interior, great vibe, music on point, solid drinks, and DELICIOUS pizza! So glad we found this bar! Definitely coming back on our next trip to New Orleans!This is likely the most amazing pizza joint I've been to. They play incredible music, frequently show awesome movies, and...they've got killer drinks and pizza!!! We have had a few different types of pizza, all incredible. Thin and delicious crust, and they're super flexible on customizing. 
Drinks? Great wine, beer, and liquor options! They do a few combos too, the Tequila-Modelo special being our favorite. Just come here and enjoy. These guys rule.The pizza was mediocre but I knocked it to two stars because the red head waitress/bar tender was extremely rude to us the entire time we were there. Rolling her eyes and having attitude. All 6 of us girls were appalled.I really enjoy this pizza, but I work near by and every time I attempt to grab a slice on my break, something goes wrong. Usually it's a note on the door saying they're opening late, but today I went and they were open! Awesome! Only pizza they have out is pineapple and onion. Kind of niche, not for me. I asked the bar tender if more pizza was coming out and got a big ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. She did say she'd ask someone, but never got around to it I guess. Anyway, this place would be great if they could commit to a standard of consistency. Keeping my fingers crossed they figure it out as they growThis place has really awesome decor. I love everything from the tree branches the the coolness in the bathroom. The bartender was nice. They had pizza, which I didn't try.
I just came for drinks. They were ok. The area surrounding this bar is kind of desolate. It doesn't have much going on. It seems like kind a lonely location. I wouldn't mind coming back, but probably wouldn't go out of my way to do so.Worst pizza in the city , worse than gas station pizzas 
I ordered though uber 
When it arrived it was ice cold and very salty 
Sauce doesn't have good flavor, pizza dough was like plastic . I took a bite and waste my $27 for cheese pizza 
When pizza is good it's good 
When pizza is bad it's still good 
But THIS pizza is really BAD sorry guys just being honest 
When you go on you tube you can find some recipes 
101 pizza dough and pizza sauce recipes guys you must do better than that. 
Someone who likes pizza here I'm sure doesn't have any idea about pizzaMy friends and I only came by for drinks and not the pizza, but the atmosphere was so cool! The bar decorations are really beautiful and have a Dia de los Muertos/Voodoo type of feel. The place wasn't too crowded so we were easily able to claim a booth for our party of 7. There was only one person working so it was a really laid back place.
The drinks themselves were relatively cheap. I got a margarita for $7 and my friend got 2 Modelos for $6. Only downside to my margarita was that it was incredibly sweet. My friends' drinks also were as well.This place caught my eye as I was driving home one day from work. The floral ceiling decor isn't hard to miss even from passing. Thrusday 06/13/19 I decided to stop by. This place is AMAZING. We went around 3pm and the bar was totally empty. Perfect for some really nice pictures. When we arrived we were greeted by the bartender, who had the coolest nose ring I've ever seen. He was very hospitable. He took our order and within maybe 10 minutes we had our pizza. As you can see from the pictures the pizza was HUGE. It looked great but it tasted even better! The slices were so big we ended up taking half home and re heating it in the oven! It was that good. We sat at a table with a open door view of the entrance to Armstrong park. I would love to visit this place on a late night. The vibe was so relaxing and calm and the music they played was just my style! This is my new spot! I'll be back!Stopped in for pizza but it looked like it had been sitting there for awhile. Confirmed with the guy working there. Was headed to the restroom when the woman behind the counter said I'd have to buy something to use the restroom. Normally I would but the pizza was old so.... I walked down the street and found a place with a friendlier staff and fresher food. Not recommended.
3-5 pm or so on Sundays at Congo Square across the street are these amazing drummers that encourage you to join in! Fun time jamming.This place looks totally awesome. It is unique and just fabulous. BUT, the service is terrible. We sat at the bar for a good 20 minutes before we were asked for our drink orders. Cant blame it on being busy because including us, there were 7 people in the whole place. We ordered 2 beers, they gave each of us the wrong beer. Still we decided to wait for the rest of our party and sit at a table to eat. The rest of our party got there (6 of us total) and we sat at a table. No one came to give us menus or take an order for a good 15 minutes. We finally went to the bar to get more drinks. Only 2 of us got a drink within 20 minutes so we all got up and left. Never even had the opportunity to order pizza. Wish I could say different because the place is so well put together. ShameSolid hangout spot, the art and general vibe of the place suits where I'd wanna find myself late nights when I'm looking to kick it and grab a drink/bite to eat. All of the staff is super friendly, and the pizza is some fire... whether a classic cheese n pep, or their specialty pies like the elote, these saucey triangles of delight are highly recommended. Plus, they have great happy hour & drink specials. Oh yeah, and the retro arcade games/Netflix screenings are a great way to come chill if you're just trying to unwind and relax. Overall, Red Truck Clubhouse is a great place to find yourself, whether hungry, thirsty, or just looking for good company.Great Pizza, Great Service, Open Late. What more could you want? The pizza here is thin crust and pretty fresh. They will also warm it up if you don't get it directly after it's out the oven. But at 1AM who the hell cares? Also really love the artsy vibe here. It's a nice touch. They're supposed to have some connections with some art gallery but I don't remember the exact details. ‍ Again 1AM and lit lol.Pizza is such a subjective topic so while the pizza was good, I'll be more inclined to stick with my regular go-tos. I was excited to try their vegan pizza, but sadly - can't get it by the slice so I paid $26 for a massive pizza just so I could try it. The good news is it fed my household for a week. There was a lot going on on the vegan pizza, including superfluous potato chips (IMO) and I wish I had thought to create my own instead of going with the one on the menu. The inside of this place though is a work of art in itself and the ambience was very cool. Service was a bit touch and go. I'd go back, but only if we were in a group and down that way. Otherwise, I'll stick with my regular pizza joints.The pizza 5 stars and fantastic.  
The service horrible.  One bartender tending to the patrons at the bar and trying to manage the room as well.   
Walked in.... Stood awkwardly until we just sat ourselves.   Another 5 min before the bartender walked by and stated "oh I didn't see you." We clearly saw her notice us when we walked in. 
We asked for water and placed our order immediately having looked at the menu prior to picking this place knowing we had a show to be at 1 hr 45 min later. 
Mind you we are the only folks ordering food with everyone else at the bar drinking.   
Took her 15 min to get water.
We were told pie would be out in 15min.  Waited 45 min before we got up and asked her to pack it to go.  
She yells out to the kitchen to pack it to go.  Afterwards she leans over the bar and tells the group behind us to come up to the bar if they need anything in a jokingly matter but clearly what she preferred.  
Would order takeout for sure.  Would not done in.  
Sent from my iPhoneStumbled upon this spot my first day in NOLA while trying to get away from the crazy people on Bourbon.  The pizza was really good and the drinks were very decently priced.  It was a super chill Tuesday and I really enjoyed it.  Came back on the Fourth and it was INSANE.  The line was long and it was packed but still had some really yummy pizza and cheap drinks!! I would definitely come here again!Great location right across from Armstrong Park! You can get pizza by the slice or personal pizzas. I really enjoyed mine! Overall, the inside is super beautiful with awesome decoration. Recommend for a laid back place to hang with some friends for pizza and a drink!Hot circle of garbage. I can't imagine anything more pretentious than pretending to be hip and laid back than actually overcharging for lackluster "food." The only down thing in the spot is the biggie playing over the speaker. He's be rolling in his grave to know he's filling the air in this shit boogie spot. Pay too much for a drink when you need to get out the rain. Don't eat the pie. You're welcome. But listen, the art in here is actually bad ass. The only reason I can give this place any stars at all.Ok, this is not NYC pizza. It's better. this shtuff right here is Jersey boardwalk pizza. The kind you can get a slice and a small cup of fountain pepsi for $1.75. This is America at it's finest.Just adorbs.  Funky, chill.  Happy hour specials for the win. Bartender was friendly.  Bathroom was fantastically entertaining.  A nice break off bourbon.One of the better pizza by the slice places in the city conveniently located in the quarter on Rampart. Plenty cheese good topping and good housemade crust. I would say better than Pizza D at this point. My go-to slice in the quarter these days.My favorite find in New Orleans! It's so cool and eclectic. The attention to detail when it came to decorating is insane. Everything in the room has an interesting twist that you wouldn't see right off the bat. Our bartender is no different. So stylish and unique, I'm literally in love. The drinks and pizza were everything we needed and the service and playlist were exceptional.Hubby and I were out doing things on a weeknight and wanted to grab a bite. In an attempt to ditch fast food, I remembered this place had popped up on my Yelp newsfeed for selling pizza by the slice late night which is surprisingly somewhat a rarity in New Orleans. 
This spot is on the outskirts of all the downtown shenanigans so for those of us who want a single slice of pizza but aren't venturing down Bourbon with a Jester's at every corner, this is your spot! We found parking out front but granted we went on a Thursday night when it was raining. 
The vibe inside is really chill and the decor is eclectic. They had Kill Bill plying on the wall so this is a really cool spot to grab a slice, catch your breath, and shoot the ___ with your friends!
I will, however, admit that I wasn't wow-ed by the pizza. It's good but nothing to write home about. The good thing is that there are fresh pies constantly being made so just bc you don't see a pepperoni pie in the window case, there's probably one coming out the oven! 
Another thing I was surprised about was that they have no draft beer; everything seemed to be in cans (that's a lot of aluminum!!) and I don't recall seeing any bottles either. It did appear to be a full bar though! 
Probably will be back next time I get a late night hankering for a slice.. maybe I'll venture out and try one of their specialty slices that'll be more impressive!Garbage pizza and overpriced. I can't imagine anything more pretentious than pretending to be hip and laid back, then actually overcharging for lackluster "food." The only down thing in the spot is the biggie playing over the speaker. He's be rolling in his grave to know he's filling the air in this shit boogie spot. Pay too much for a drink when you need to get out the rain. Don't eat the pie. You're welcome. But listen, the art in here is actually bad ass. The only reason I can give this place any stars at all.Best bartender and best pizza in the city, hands down!
On a recent NOLA trip with a group of four, we decided to walk everywhere. Red Truck Clubhouse happened to be one of the few places nearby that served food after midnight. On a whim, we decided to walk inside and we were extremely impressed.
The atmosphere is dark, quaint, and comfortable. Dim lighting and a from-the-phone music selection set the tone in this relaxed pizza bar. 
Jojee (spelling?) was our bartender and he did an amazing job. The service and conversation was a perfect balance of between being professional and connecting with the guests in a casual / private, caring to actually know you tone.
The drinks were strong, made quickly, and reasonably priced. 
The pizza... we ordered a whole pepperoni pizza (although per slice options are available) and it was the BEST PIZZA I HAVE EVER HAD. Definitely my new go-to "save me from the night on Bourbon street" food stop from now on.Wow, where to start. 
Came here for the first time on Tuesday with my boyfriend for a date night before going to the free comedy show at Love Lost Lounge at 10:30 pm (free plug support local talent!!).
First, I was completely enamored with the location. This place is directly across from Louis Armstrong park, which, not only sounds cool, but when you're inside, especially at night, you have the most gorgeous romantic view of the twinkly Armstrong arch. Quite lovely. 
Second, the decor inside is incredible. What i like about it is that while it is a lot visually, it still is somewhat understated; specifically, you can tell the artist is not being cool for cool's sake, it is just natural and beautiful and it works. 
Third, the pizza is BOMB!! Fresh, delicious crust with nummy toppings. I really appreciated the bartender saying we could do half Hawaiian half meat (they had more creative names than this, but essentially that is what we ordered). Side note: we ordered the 18in thinking that was fine, but that is a lot of pizza for two people. Next time we will probably order individual slices (great option by the way!!). You can tell the food is high quality because two people could probably split an 18 in from Dominoe's, but with this pizza, you genuinely feel full and stay full for hours. Moral of the story: if you have the munchies at 1 am don't order pizza, but support local and better pizza!
Last but not least, we really appreciated eating and playing on a Pacman table, the "cake art" in the form of a dragon (points if you can spot the nola influences on it), and the bartender. He was a cool dude who kept the bar fully served, while never making us wait more than a minute on anything. I don't know how he did it. 
I cannot wait to come back here for a date night, OR bring friends from out of town. This is a great place to show Nola off to out of towners, and to enjoy the healthier, growing Rampart street area.The most unique bar I've been to! And they have a good happy hour [$5.50 beer + shot]Such a solid spot!! Wonderful vegan pizza! Chill setting..love love love the decor!! Will be a new favorite place in the city!! Worth the 90 min drive any day!!Fantastic pizza!!  ... And great atmosphere! 
We saw someone walking a few blocks away with the pizza box and asked them where they went and they said -- 10 foot pizza...  they said It was new and great we went there... there was one bartender , James, who is this server and the bartender so if you're in a rush this might not be your place.. but he was extremely personable and told us all that is peters. We loved our pizza... It had corn bass!  
It was fun to sit at the bar... And the bartender James  made great, complementary drinks to ho with the Pizza. 
Highly recommend!  About to go back since it's our last night.  And I KNOW what I'm getting. .First visit was today for a pepperoni pizza, carry out! Amazing atmosphere, friendly staff.  BEST PIZZA AROUND!  Can't wait to return for another visit!!The pizza is amazing! The staff is very friendly, so if you find yourself near here its definitely worth a visitCharming staff! Gorgeous setting. I have never seen such a beautiful interior in any establishment anywhere EVER! And the sunshiny disposition of our server/bartender Alicia ( I so hope I got her name correct) was as lovely as the artwork gracing the walls. The pizza... Oh the Meatzza, how divine! Alligator sausage, perfect sauce, salami, bacon... Remarkable unforgettable crust. An exquisite marriage of flavors. This pizza joint makes me proud to be a New Orleanian! Geaux, y'all! Represent! Y'all did it right! Much love. See y'all soon. :)it was available. which is great. but worst pizza i've eaten in a long long time. definitely not a $20 pizza.We stopped in here because my husband loves pizza and I wanted to see the decor.
We arrived at 4:30 pm for a quick bite. There was one person working.  She was bussing tables, making drinks from the bar, delivering pizza to tables, and getting pizza by the slice orders.
She was working constantly. Because she was alone, we were never greeted. We walked in, found a table, and found some menus.
We decided to get a pizza by the slice. My husband had to go to the bar to place our order for a slice of pizza and drink.   The pizza was old. She warmed it up but it was still cold and old.  The bottom was blackened and burnt.  It reminded me of an old Sbarro slice of pizza.
The drink menu was hipster. I didn't see any typical domestic beers listed.
The decor was very interesting and fun.  
We enjoyed the atmosphere inside and the view of Louis Armstrong park across the street.I DID NOT HAVE THE PIZZA SO STRICTLY BASED ON ENVIRONMENT AND DRINKS. (Still torn between 3.5/4 but eh just gonna make it 4 stars and round up since the staff was really friendly and I don't wanna make it 3 stars.)
So I've read all the reviews and it seems like it's flipping a coin on the taste of it. 
Right across from Armstrong Park this spot is easy to recognize with the smell of pizza coming from it. One of my friends had a bit too much to drink and they were in the need for pizza. You can grab it by the slice or whole.
I love a bar that plays movies so count me in. The art and decor around here is really cool. I really loved the tree and the selfie moment in their bathroom. Prices for craft beers are great and the staff was friendly. If you're in the need for a drink and in the area then it's worth swinging by. 
Perhaps your expectations will be better if you come solely for alcohol?