Love this place....the only downside is how busy it can get...but thats a minor inconvenience all things considered.  I had the bbq oysters which was amazing, followed up with the shrimp and grits.  Both were amazing..definitely the best thing i ate while on bourbon street.  The second best thing about this restaurant..you can  find the recipe for your favorite dish on their website.Four stars for freshness, service, and price.  Oysters are shucked at the bar and by sitting at the bar you might just get a few extra on your oyster plate!  I recommend getting the Raw Oysters on the Half Shell more so than the cooked ones. The price is also reasonable: 7.50 (6) 14.00 (12)OK so I went with my mother and stepdad and my mother ordered the barbecue oyster po-boy, my stepdad got a regular shrimp po-boy, and I first ordered the shrimp and grits. While my parents food was simply amazing I couldn't get over the popcorn over the grits and the grits tasted like something I can make it home so I asked my super sweet waiter Trey if I could get something else. I ended up getting the sampler with boudin, fried green tomatoes , and shrimp. OMG...will definitely be coming back!!! A lady, Yulia, came and asked about our service and if the owners read this I just wanted ant y'all to know she is AMAZING!!!! She is the epitome of quality service and we just loved her so kudos to her!!Great food! Had the whole deep fried fish . The waiters were very attentive: Sam the first night and Franklin on the second night...the food was great the first day so we decided to go again for dinner. What was amazing is that apparently the staff recognized us and we had a complimentary appetizer avocado dip on a chip.We stayed at the Hyatt for a weekend in New Orleans and before flying out, stopped here to get some take out food for the plane. Needless to say, the selection for take out food wasnt good, but we were there in time for Happy Hour!!
Oysters are $1 and they shuck it there in front of you. Dont need to say more than that. Oh right, beer is 2 for 1 as well! We sat at the bar, but the nautical themed restaurant was tastefully decorated and great for groups and small parties. The bartenders were really nice and since we had to go, we were able to take our beers with us out the door! (Thanks NOLA!) So good!Make the trip for great seafood that NOLA is known for. Started the meal with the BBQ oysters which were simply to die for. The fish entrees were delicious with complimenting sides, and most importantly, fresh. 
They also serve a properly made gumbo (a thicker consistency than a simple broth with plenty of flavor and hearty ingredients) which sadly has been lacking in this city as of late.If I could give less stars I would. Service was hands down the worst I have ever had. We sat down, 7 of us. Our waiter took about 15 minutes to come over and take our order. So we went ahead and ordered food and drinks. Our drinks took about 20 minutes. Our food never came. After about 30 more minutes of waiting after our drinks I asked our server where our food was. He said it would be 10 more minutes. We still never got our food. We had another group we came with that sat on the opposite side of the place, they got apps, meal, desert and paid before we ever got our food. Restaurant did nothing to make up for it. We are still waiting on our food. Worst service I have ever seen at a place. I had to complain. My gf works in the service industry. I have never complained in my life at a restaurant. They ruined our first night in NOLA. We didn't even get to eat afterwards because it was 9:20 when we left. We arrive and seated at 7:15. Still waiting on our foodOverall I would recommend this place.
3 of us went to dinner. Bbq oysters are amazing as always. We had 2 dz as an app. A friend had the bisque that she couldn't eat as it was way to spicy for her. But she didn't like spicy so just be aware that it is spicy. I had crab cake on black beans. It was good but not blown away. I live in Nola so I have had better. But I would say better than most in any other city.
Friends had jambalaya risotto they enjoyed and another had the red fish it was very good.
For desert double chocolate bread pudding with ice cream. Was decent but lacking somethingGreat Happy Hour! Cheap and fresh raw oysters, only $0.50 each. Great service at the bar too. Check it out.When I found out that my best friend had selected a place called "The Red Fish Grill" to host the welcome dinner in honor of the guests for his destination wedding in New Orleans, I was concerned.  Being vegan, I expected to just be consuming a lot of dressing-less salad.  Luckily, RFG made this merely expectation and not reality!
Ike, Noah and Duane were the servers for our large party.  Every time I was handed something, I was told it was vegan, along with what the dish was.  Noah was very careful about telling me what I was eating.  Duane, as a vegan himself, knew exactly what was up.
My alternative to the BBQ Oyster appetizer was tomatoes with an onion garnish, halved and served very attractively.  I had a beautiful garden salad instead of the Ceasar that everyone else had.  My main course was a potato hash with squash in place of the chicken, fish or beef plate the other guests selected.  Dessert was a wonderful mango sorbet.
When I visit the city again, I will most definitely be visiting this place again.  Excellent and accommodating service, amazing food, and above all, a sincere concern with regard to taking care of me and my needs.
Thank you, Red Fish Grill!  You have set a high standard.The highlight of our meal was our waiter, Dana. He was HILARIOUS, oh my gosh. So many stories and all around great banter, and he was a great waiter, too. Ask to be put in his section, you will not regret it!
The other highlight at the Red Fish was their delicious Hurricanes. Be careful, because they will knock you on your ass, but man, they were good. Our table of five adults ordered ELEVEN of them, that should tell you everything.
The food was really just a bonus. Everything we ordered was really, really good. There were no leftovers. I especially loved the bread dunked in their crab and corn chowder. Holy yum.Gonna go straight to the point, this place was super legit. It's my first time in Nola & this place did not disappoint. Came here with 3 of my friends & had:
1. alligator sausage & seafood gumbo: I ordered a bowl & it was so good! I had gumbo at a few other places, but this was my favorite! 
2. Creole shrimp jambalaya risotto: I don't think I ever had risotto, but this was pretty good. 
3. Fried chicken & dirty rice: the chicken was light. 
4. Shrimp & pumpkin grits: OMFGGG!! Hella on point! 
I also got the Moscow mule, it was ok. Lol
Our waiter Tim was awesome! Super nice & suggested a few places for us to explore. :)Great food and excellent service! Risotto was perfect! Had lots of seafood, sausage, and chicken. Etouffee catfish was crispy. The crime brûlée is a little different. It's thicker since it's a pie but the taste is good!This is probably my 3rd time here, but first time leaving a review.
I tried several things tonight...some were excellent, some not so much.
I starts with the house salad...was pretty boring. Lettuce, red onion, cheese, barely any tomatoes, and some crushed pecans or walnuts...nothing fancy, not exceptional.
Then I ordered a shrimp cocktail. I surely expected some massive shrimp being in the gulf, but they were really scrawny. Cocktail sauce was really spicy...which was good for me, but I could see a lot of people being too hot for them.
My entree was really good. Got the pan roasted chicken. It was quite taste, as well as the rice that came with it. I could see pools of melted butter sitting in the bottom of the bowl with the rice, which I should not have been surprised with in Louisiana, but come on...that's just overkill.
And of course I had a NOLA Blonde, which is always solid.
Since it w as two smaller dishes I wasn't all that impressed with, and was impressed with the entree, I gave them 3 stars...really could have been 2 1/2. I was happier with the food in previous visits.We reserved a table for 6 through Open Table as part of our wedding anniversary family celebration. 
The hostess and the waiter noted the reason for our visit from the reservation and took steps to make us feel special. Our waiter Ike was fun and energetic with a big wonderful smile and the kids loved him for getting them plenty of sodas and kids special ice cream.
Ike recommended the house chopped salad, bbq oysters and alligator sausage/seafood gumbo. The oysters and gumbo starters were delicious. 
For our main entree, we selected the Wood grilled Red Fish and Louisiana lump crab. They split the entree and served it separately to both of us. The red fish was simply amazing.
To top it all, Ike served us their house special chocolate bread pudding dessert on the House as our anniversary gift.This was by far the best meal I have had in a long time. The service was amazing and our waiter recommended the smoked redfish and it was cooked perfectly!!! Everything was seasoned perfectly and the presentation was fantastic. Our waiter wasn't pushy at all and he was very knowledgeable on everything that we asked about. He also even tried to relate to us but not in a annoying way.
I would go back here in a heartbeat. The bread pudding was great and I had forgotten to order it and the waiter had put one in before i had even asked so we got it right on time it was perfect. They made our experience great!!!!We really enjoyed our experience here. Great glimpse of New Orleans cuisine and offers a nice refuge off Bourbon Street. Service was good, my only qualm is that we were seated in a side room and we were the last people seated in there, and they started cleaning up in there before we were done despite the restaurant not being closed. 
As far as the food goes, everything wowed.
APPS:
BBQ Oysters: These are a must get. Crispy fried, tossed in a delicious sauce with blue cheese on top. The oysters were buttery and tasty and pleased even my anti-oyster friend.
MAINS:
Shrimp and Grits: Grits were cooked perfectly, shrimp were juicy.
Jambalaya Risotto: Great flavor with a nice and creamy rice. Great dish.
Grilled Redfish with Sautéed Crawfish: Came with a lemon butter sauce over potatoes and Tasso ham. The ham was the perfect compliment. Fish and crawfish were cooked perfectly, this was a standout.
DESSERT:
Double Chocolate Bread Pudding: I am not a bread pudding fan but this was incredible. Crunchy edges with moist interior and warm melty chocolate- I'm salivating just thinking about it again. You must get this dish!
Overall, we had a great experience and would absolutely return.We went here for a bachelorette party weekend on Bourbon a few weeks ago. I was looking for a reasonably priced option that was walking distance to where we were staying, and this fit the bill. The reviews were all over the place but seemed predominately good, so I went with it.
Bad idea!  I even mentioned we had a bachelorette group when we made the reservations, and we'd appreciate a good table and good service, and yet we really had neither of those things. 
First, the good: We were seated right away, and some of our food was pretty good. Yes, that's about it. 
The bad: Oh, where to start! 
1. Our table was angled to "fit in" to an already crowded room, and we backed up right into the servers' computer station. We made these reservations 3 months in advance, they had plenty of time to fit in a table of 10, there was no reason to smush us into an awkward corner. The girl sitting with her back to the station nearly got clipped in the head several times. 
2. The wait staff was obviously overwhelmed. Yes, it was 8:30 on Bourbon Street on a Saturday night, but if you have a restaurant there, you should be prepared for a large amount of people. While our waitress was very nice when she was around, we barely saw her, and this is with us seated next to the servers' station! It is entirely unacceptable for a bachelorette party -- and we OBVIOUSLY were in terms of dress, though we were not overly loud or obnoxious or drunk in any way -- to run out of drinks! This is where restaurants make a large majority of their money, and let me tell you, they missed about 3 more rounds on a table of 10 that we would have ordered if we could have found our waitress. Based on the service at the rest of the tables around us, I think they were under-staffed, and it baffles me how this could happen. Be prepared to have a lot of people on a Saturday night!
3. We waited AN HOUR AND A HALF for our food. We got there at 8:30 and were seated promptly. We ordered pretty quickly after that. It was 9:55 when we finally got our entrees! In the meantime, it took FOREVER for even the table bread to come out! I actually had to ask the waitress if we got bread, since I saw the butter on the table. We went through a ton of loaves by the time our appetizers came out, and then quite a few more waiting on "real" food. It was so bad that the manager came out to apologize. At that point, I was obviously expecting some comped service, but no - the waitress asked if we wanted any more drinks (please note here that we'd spent the preceding hour and a half trying to FIND her to order more drinks, but at this point we all had nearly full glasses), and finally the bride suggested a round of shots. Which, yay and all, but really, an offer to comp some of our meal would have been much more well received. Also, the tables around us got their food - and bread - in a timely manner, and one of them was a table of 7, so having 3 more people should not have made that much of a difference. I have no idea what happened in the kitchen, but it was not okay, and it was not taken care of properly.
4. The worst part? When the entrees finally did come out, they were mostly "meh." I will say that the BBQ shrimp and grits that I had were okay (and is the main reason this place gets another star), but there was definitely not enough of it. The scallops were also voted as good by several ladies, albeit very small portions for $27, but the House Cut Tagliatelle Pasta was mostly English peas. We had to ask for another dish of Parmesan cheese, it was so bland and pea-y. One girl actually started splitting them out, and ended up with a bowl that was HALF PEAS. Not even pasta! Ack. I will say, the raw oysters on the half shell were very good, but since all you have to do with those is get fresh ones and shuck them, I am not giving Red Fish any credit there. 
I was really sad, and a little embarrassed, about picking this place for the party. We could have had better - and cheaper -- food at a walk-in dive, quite honestly, but since we had 10 ladies, I was trying to be reasonable about getting seated with a large group by going somewhere that takes reservations. Apparently that was a fail. So for those of you giving this place multiple stars, you must have gotten lucky and gone on a full-staffed night, and eaten one of the few dishes on the menu that was actually tasty. 
Red Fish, I am really disappointed.For a place right on bourbon I would expect more. The food was great but pricey for what you get. The wait staff was ok but not very friendly. I personally would not come back but that is mainly due to the value.Went on a Thursday evening and was seated right away. Unfortunately we were put in a back room corner so can't say too much about the ambiance and we were at a table that wobbled and had to add coasters under the leg to stabilize. The waiter was friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. The food was ok with good portion size.I was a little unsure of this place since it's located right on Bourbon Street but all of the great reviews led me to make a reservation! Thankfully we had a reservation for Red Fish because it was packed at 6:30 on a Thursday night - we were seated right away and were greeted by our server, Ike! Five Stars - Kudos to him for his recommendations and welcoming us to the Big Easy! 
My husband and another couple made an agreement to split all meals on this trip so we could try everything! Glad we did because we were able to completely indulge, enjoy drinks and not feel too stuffed to romp around the city! 
We started with the BBQ Oysters - these were Heavenly! Who knew oysters could taste so amazing! 5/5
Red Fish Grill Seafood Sampler with BBQ blue crab claws, shrimp & jalapeno hush puppies and creole marinated gulf shrimp - Loved them all but the shrimp & jalapeno hush puppies were a little strange.  4/5
Alligator Sausage & Seafood Gumbo - 5/5
Creole Jambalaya Risotto - I've literally been craving this since we left New Orleans. I've looked up so many recipes to try and recreate this dish. Still no luck. Excellent dish, highly recommend! - 5/5We were very disappointed with our dinner at this place.  Granted, it was very busy and we were a party of 8 people but we had made reservations in advance.  We had to wait about 20 - 30 minutes to be seated after arriving at our reservation time.  This was the last night of the FQ Jazz Festival and our last night together as a group so we wanted to have a nice meal.  Unfortunately, nothing was good.  None of the dishes arrived hot and most seemed like they may have waited a long time after preparation to make it to our table.  We talked to our waiters and then to the manager and they discounted our bill a little bit but the whole evening at the restaurant was a disappointment after eating at so many really good places on our long weekend.Came here for lunch yesterday because it is across the street from my hotel. I ordered the oyster po boy and it had a little bit of shell in it. I was afraid to keep eating, but I carefully chewed what reminded me of a boneless buffalo chicken wing sandwich. 
The server seemed annoyed and not pleasant at all, so I didn't bother to address this matter with her. An example would be, she laid down a baggy of bread & butter without saying one word & walked away quickly. I don't want to say she was rude, but she was not nice at all. She definitely needs some customer service training because it wasn't that busy. 
I wanted to love this place, but the food & service were subpar. I would highly recommend you ignore the hype outside & awards and go deeper in the French quarter for better sea food.Our Tour Guide/Air Boat Captain suggested that we dine at The Red Fish Grill. We took his advice and are so glad that we did. 
The food was GREAT. I had The Jumbo Lump Crabcake and am still thinking about it two days later. For dessert I had the Banana Foster Ice Cream Sandwich which was GREAT and a show (flames) to boot. While the food was GREAT, the thing that made this an incredible dining experience was our server, a young lady named Jasmine who was sincere and sweet. THANK YOU, Jasmine! You made this dining experience FANTASTIC.Great location right off Canal at Bourbon Street. Kevin was our waiter and he was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. My husband had the Red Fish and Crab meat signature dish and I had grilled shrimp. It was cooked to perfection and enough to fill you but left room for their chocolate bread pudding. Be sure to order it 20 minutes ahead. The price is not too high for eating on Bourbon Street and we had our food quickly. The best part was the quiet atmosphere.My first meal on my second trip and we were lucky to arrive before the dinner rush and didn't wait for a table. The server was attentive and helpful with questions. We had alligator boudin balls and the gumbo which were tasty and I had the red fish entree which was also really tasty. Overall great reintroduction back into New Orleans cuisine.The single worst meal I've had in the 30+ years I'm visiting New Orleans.  The hostess placed my family next to a table of 12 loud drunken patrons, we had to move. My gumbo came out cold and needed to be sent back. The waiter spilled wine on my wife when opening the bottle, and those were the highlights.
Not a single item was freshly prepared, case in point fried oysters were served cold. My blackened drum fish was bland and tough to the point both me and the fish would've been happier if it were still swimming. Vegetable dish was undercooked and ice cold.
The fact that this place receives positive reviews makes me seriously question Yelps reliability. If I could give less than 1 star I would.We had 36 hours in NOLA and ate at three places. Red Fish comes in third. Let's do a good/mediocre/bad. 
Good - if I was coming with over 8 people, this might have been the place for me. They seemed very capable of handling large groups. We called at 6:30 and were able to make reservations (for three) an hour later. 
Mediocre - the food. Gumbo was acceptable. My wife's grilled shrimp was okay, but the powdered seasoning was obvious when eating it. The shrimp came with a veggie medley. The okra was way over cooked but she says the other veggies (squash, small eggplant) were undercooked. I had the étouffée, which was served with risotto. Seriously?  Our girl had the kids fried shrimp. She pulled the batter off one shrimp and while they pulled the tail, they hadn't pulled the intestine so there was a hearty black line.  Overall, it wasn't all that awesome. 
Bad - good gravy this place is loud.  I mean, really loud. It made me want to get back out on Bourbon Street for some peace. 
For the price, I wished we had gone somewhere else.  There are better places that cost just as much with significantly better food.Great service!! Ike was our waiter. He was wonderful! So attentive kept our glasses full all night!! While we got the signaure dish and liked it. We also got the Creole Jambalaya Risotto. It was the best!! So creamy and spicy. 
We also splurged and went for the chocolate bread pudding. It was so worth it!! Not to sweet, not to rich, just right!! We split it because we didn't want to go crazy but WOW!!
It takes 20 minutes to cook so you have to order when you order your food. I would highly recommed making this a stop on your next visit!!The food and atmosphere were good, certainly not great and not up to par for the price or the reviews, at least not in our experience.
For the price we were expecting linen table clothes and an upscale experience commensurate with the price or a "Bourbon Street" dive type atmosphere. The Red Fish offers neither.
We ate in the main dinning room which is rather large, noisy and crowded. Nothing intimate or classy about it. Our waiter was a combination of entertaining, slow, forgetful and apologetic.
Our waiter showed his disappointment when we only ordered one glass of wine and no appetizers. We immediately ordered the Red Fish and the Grouper special entrees. Sensing that vegetables were in short supply we ordered two side dishes of asparagus.
As I bite into the Grouper my wife asked, "Is your meal cold?" It was but I wondered how she knew to ask. As it turned out, her Red Fish was cold as well. When we finally got our waiters attention, we sent the two plates back and dinned on our four (yes, four each) asparagus. I guess a buck each for asparagus isn't bad when you consider that they were hot and tasty.
When our waiter brought our entrée plates back, it was obvious that they had simply microwaved our entrees. The food was warmer but not consistent throughout. The fish was now drier and not as flaky as it was the first time around. My wife is a lemon on fish lover and it took forever to get the waiter's attention in order to ask for lemon. The lemon only came after a second discussion with the waiter, just in time for the last bite.
The fish was good. Not great but good. I might have been great had it been served hot the first time but we'll never know.
We shared a "Bananas Foster" and another disappointing look from the waiter who assured us, we will wish we had ordered two. This was a good sign and we had our hopes up. As it turns out we were very glad to have only ordered one. The "Bananas Foster" is to be avoided if you are a connoisseur of such things. Their version is served flamboyantly but it is a strictly prefabed corporate creation and it tastes like it.
We had a very nice chat with the friendly manager. In response to her inquiry about our experience we said it was "fine". We didn't bother to share our experience with her, since we weren't look for compensation, an apology or an explanation. She didn't notice or care to notice that a "fine" is not "good" or "great".
So many great restaurants in NOLA, the Red Fish will not be missed or given a second shot by us. For a one glass of wine, no appetizer, two entree dinner for over $100+, we can do a lot better.Great seafood in the heart of the French Quarters! The bread is soft, and fresh. The seafood is great, and you have to try the double chocolate bread pudding. It's to die for!!! Try to get reservations in advance!Great Happy Hour!!!!!! fresh oysters and service was GREAT!!!!! Thank you for making my stay awesome.......I've been here twice, and both times been quite satisfied.  Wonderful seafood - red fish included.  I ate in the bar one time, great atmosphere.  Always a wait for a table. 
oh, and I had the sweetest waiter.  wish I remembered his name so I could write about him... oh well.I was very excited to eat here however I was slightly disappointed. My friends and I arrived for lunch. I ordered their signature dish: 7oz Wood Grilled Redfish and Lump Crab Meat. I was presented with the smallest filet of fish known to man. We asked our waiter about the portion size and it turns out the lunch portion is the same size as the dinner portion and the cost is $33 for both!!! We were told the fish was 7oz, but when presented on my plate it was 4-5oz. The flavor of the fish was amazing and well prepared, but I was NOT happy about the portion size. Be warned.Love love love the shrimp and grits from here. It was our first stop once we got to New Orleans. We also ordered the bananas foster which was really good. My husband ordered the pecan pie which was also good. A must visit when in Nawlins.Oh yea! This is what I was expecting when visiting New Orleans. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, eclectic food. We had the alligator balls appetizer and the fish entree was amazing. Had a tasty pumpkin flavored bourbon drink which was surprisingly well done. Our server was very personable and even entertained the couple small children. Would definitely come back here. Good value for the food and better than most in this area.With a place this busy, the food is not even good. Don't waste your time and money to go here. Service is not good either.First time visiting NOLA.. 
Red Fish Grill was packed.. I made reservations which I highly recommend.. The bar-b-que oysters are good.. Also had the signature dish which was a snapper topped with crab; not bad..It's a bit overpriced but that's NOLA for you..Now, I live in Destin, FL which is a touristy resort area but the markup is not as high as NOLA.. Time to choose a different restaurantThe serves was very good.  The host was friendly and greeted us very nice.  The manger would come by to make sure everything was going well.  It was three of us including myself.  We came around 6 ish so it was not to busy yet.  You get two servers which is wonderful.  Please note this place is over priced; however, come on look at the area.  It is a tourist spot.  I am a tourist here and therefore did not go in thinking oh its going to be cheap.  If you want it to become cheaper and better then just order the starters and share.
THE BBQ OYSTERS ARE AMAZING! If you like buffalo wings it is a twist of the same flavor.  It is deep fried like everything here!  I did not find it to heavy, it was crispy with a wonderful flavor.  I did not get to try to gumbo but my dad did eat it all fast, he said it was wonderful.  My mom got the crap claws in the butter garlic pot which we loved.  It sounds strange but it reminded us of escargot, because of the butter and garlic.  It was more a messy starter because you use you hands.    The waiter even brought us a sample of these oysters they are trying out; it was almost like a asian version of deep fried oysters with a soy sauce dressing on top.
Entree:
I was very disappointed in the rock fish :(.  I love food!  I live to eat and yet I did not even want to eat it.  My father got the soba which you can add seared ahi.  If you like ginger then you will enjoy the soba.  I was not very impressed, though he enjoyed it.  My mom had a salad which some fried potato salad in shrimp; which she enjoyed.  I do not like potato salad normally and did not like this one.  It had to much relish for my taste and then deep fried.  
dessert:
DO NOT ORDER THE SURGAR FREE mouse!  I thought it was very gross.  You can buy jello sugar free and get it for cheaper and tastier.  ORDER THE CHOCOLATE BREAD PUDDING .  I was very impressed!   I have to say a review did say he did not even like bread pudding but enjoyed this one; which was one of the best suggestion.  My mother and ordered it which the ice cream which was a great choice.Their BBQ Oyster PoBoy really sets them apart as one of the best oyster houses in the city.On vacation for the first time and we had gotten a coupon for $24 off a bottle of wine. So why not go for dinner, right? I don't eat seafood so I went for their only chicken dinner they had. It was a BBQ chicken plate with potato salad. Presentation looked really good! As I was cutting into my chicken and ate a couple bites I noticed the consistency was a little off. I touched the skin from the chicken with my knife and it felt raw. I moved the skin up and my chicken was RAW on the top middle part!!! I was so disappointed and mad! How can someone be a "cook" and leave chicken that raw?! I don't know what standards they use to hire people. I couldn't believe it. I'm more shocked that I've worked in restaurants for 8 yrs and eaten in so many places and I've never seen anything like this! The manager was very apologetic and wanted me to leave happy, but how can you leave happy or content after that? He offered me a free desert and the meal was taken off my check. I will say the double chocolate bread pudding was really good. Overall and aside from my rare chicken, the desert and wine was good, dinner bread was ok, and our server was ok.The food was amazing, just amazing I love it. One of the best in all New Orleans in my opinion, great food, great presentation, great restaurant ambient and the price was ok for this kind of food and service.I went here as part of a work dinner.  I wouldn't have chosen it, but it was right across from my hotel.  All in all, I actually thought it was decent, although extremely overpriced.  I had the snapper, which was pretty good, and the chocolate bread pudding.  If you love chocolate, I recommend this whole heartedly- it was huge and delicious.  We had a very funny waiter who flirted hilariously with one of my tablemates.I'm absolutely in love with Red Fish Grill. It was so good, that I ate here twice over a three day period and it was AMAZING! I had their catfish & shrimp étouffée the first night and the grilled chicken breast the second night--pure bliss. Their drinks are pretty impressive, impeccable service, Sonia and Aria were phenomenal staff members...just an amazing place all around. I will definitely add this to the "must eat" listen whenever I'm in New Orleans.Good food, decent value. Fish flown in fresh each day. 
Random bonus: wasn't charged for me ice tea. Husband asked for a side of dirty rice - -  they made it special for him, a generous portion, for $2.
Alligator boudoin great appetizer ($9), be careful of the dressing on the arugula - - straight horseradish to the nose! BBQ oyster poor boy was good--a light bbq sauce with some blue cheese sauce ($13). Redfish topped with crab... ($27) good but for the price just get a sandwich or eat at dinner... 
Waitress was super lovely. Wasn't crowded at lunch time (but not empty either) 
Bathrooms: clean. Have a TV which show nature scenes. I liked that the ladies room had pictures of ladies catching big fish. Woman power :)We have been in New Orleans for a week, and this is by far the best meal we have had. Our server, Frank was charming, helpful, and just the best.My wife and I traveled to New Orleans celebrating our anniversary and a friend suggested we try Red Fish Grill. We made a reservation and let them know what we were celebrating. Our server was Ike and he made the entire experience truly special. He provided excellent food recommendations and kept us laughing and entertained the whole time. He even hooked us up with a surprise for our anniversary. Thank you, Ike for making our experience so great and for providing such wonderful service! We will definitely recommend this place to friends and family! Wonderful atmosphere and cuisine!My bf and I had just drove in and this was the first restaurant we tried late on a Friday night. 
The food was very very delicious! Some of the best I've had in the several times I've come to New Orleans. We had the crab claws as an appetizer and I had the catfish. Both superb! 
The service was very blasé. Our waiter seemed like he wanted to go home 2 hours ago. He never made eye contact and very seldomly checked on our table. 
Regardless of the service I would definitely be back because the food was just that good!The grilled mahi mahi with side vegetable was delicious.  Ala carte sauteed spinach was decent.  The ala carte chicken was dry.  The mini loaf of bread was dry and hollow.Another Brennan's Restaurant...but with a trendier twist.
The BBQ Oysters, which are more like "Buffalo" style oyster, are lightly fried, tossed in hot sauce, and served with blue cheese dipping sauce...they are extremely delicious!!
The Shrimp Rémoulade Napoleon is divine!!
Entrees are somewhat expensive....this is a nice place to stop for just drinks and an appetizer/salad meal.Sooooo Good! Amazing oysters on the half shell, melt in your mouth gumbo, crab cake to die forVisited in between lunch and dinner hours so menu was limited. Seems like a tourist spot, right on bourbon street. Fried green tomato w crab was good. Cheap local beer. Probably wouldn't go back, but not bad.So let's just the most amazing bread pudding ever! Also, I did a couple of apps and gumbo for my meal and it was all excellent.The food was good, but the seats were uncomfortable. Listen, I get it...the more uncomfortable the seats are, the quicker you turn over the tables. Unfortunately, all their seating is solid wood. If your rear-end is bony like mine, it becomes unbearably uncomfortable after about 30 minutes.  I would have liked to sit for a while and enjoy some dessert and coffee, but the seats simply would not allow it. For a restaurant charging $20-$40 for an entree, I would expect more than the McDonalds model for seating and comfort.
I had the Jambalaya Risotto...pretty good, but I think risotto is a bit on the gooey side by its very nature. I think it would have been better with a drier rice variety.It was a hot, sultry June night on Bourbon Street and we were tired and hungry and looking to escape the heat for dinner. They were very busy but we got in within 5 minutes and that was nice.  Broiled shrimp was delicious!Was only there for their oyster Happy Hour -my family definitely enjoyed it. We were visiting New Orleans for a few days and boys went there 3 days in a row! Service was friendly and we were able to watch the guys shuck our oysters at the bar. 
Also, the Alligator Sausage and Seafood Gumbo was delicious! I can't speak for any of the other menu items, but I'd be willing to try them the next I'm in town.Great service is pretty much the only thing outstanding. My husband and I have been here a few times over the years. This is our favorite city. Better food elsewhere. The BBQ oysters have been the only item I would come back for.I came here for lunch and split the BBQ oysters with friends.  They tasted just like Buffalo wings, and the oysters themselves melted in our mouths.  
I also had the grilled shrimp and blackened avocado po'boy, which was quite tasty.  However, I was a little put off by the fact that the shrimp were not deveined.  This is supposed to be a relatively nice seafood place, so I found that to be a bit surprising.
The service was pretty quick and friendly.I really wish I lived closer to New Orleans so I could make a trip to Red Fish Grill more often... I love seafood and this restaurant did not disappoint. I ordered the wood grilled red fish, and my husband ordered the seared yellowfin tuna salad. Both dishes were so fresh and had layers on layers of flavor. I was more than impressed. And speaking of fresh, the caprese salad was one of the best I've ever had. 
The service was amazing and our waitress went out of her way to make sure we felt welcome. She asked if we were on vacation and we informed her that we were on our honeymoon. At the end of the meal we're brought out bread pudding on the house. It was so delicious and a perfect way to end the meal. This was bar none one of the best meals we had on our honeymoon!The place to go. Just be hungry. Not because the portion sizes  are huge. They are average. It's because the appetizers are so good. Redfish stew is to die for. But the bar be que oysters steal the show. All of their entries are tasty as well. Stand in line at the oyster house or 1 block more you can be at redfish.My first stop entering the French Quarter. I got lucky. I did not have lunch or dinner here but can attest to the ice cold Abita beer and fat, plump, velvety, rich Oysters. Please see pics. The oyster maestro was a cool cat that shucked like a mother shucker. I thought west coast oysters were the end all be all. Wrong again. 
The best oysters in town.This was our 2nd time dining here- and what a let down from the
 1st time.
Not just food but the service.  We were there celebrating our 10th anniversary. Service was slow and food was mediocre.  With so many options it was so disappointing.Love the Redfish with or without crabmeat. The crab cakes are 98% crabmeat with little filler. Must mention their Category 5 Hurricane drink. But only have one.. Very potent. This is always our 1st stop when we get into NOLA.Our first day in NOLA we wandered into the FQ & wanted to go straight to Acme Oyster House...but we rounded the corner & saw a HUGE line. There was no way we were going to wait for who knows how long in that heat, so we decided to go to Red Fish Grill which we'd passed & looked nice & spacious & air conditioned! Glad we did. Colorful cheery ambiance, and we were seated right away. My friend & I shared a dozen oysters (which were good though there was grit on the shells, they should clean better) and then decided to split their "award-winning" BBQ oyster po-boy. When it came my friend thought to ask whether there was any other seafood in it since she has allergic reactions to mixed seafood. The waiter said not in the sandwich but that the oysters were fried in the same grease as other seafood. Thank goodness he knew that otherwise my friend might've eaten it & had a reaction! So I ate the whole po'boy & it was pretty good, and had quite a spicy kick to it as well. Overall a good, if not amazing, meal.Yum! Yum! YUM! We had oysters, jambalaya risotto, and catfish.  Everything was delicious! The Cat 5  hurricane was the best!!!!I had their specialty - grilled fish - snapper topped with crab - delicious!! The service was superb and the wonderful baguette that they serve: we needed 2 because I didn't want to share with my husband. It has a crisp outer crust and so soft in the middle - Yum!
It was Thursday night so we were seated right away. The AC was blasting but it was an 80 degree day. Overall good eats - you will not be disappointed!We're from Oklahoma passing through for our honeymoon and loved this place. We had the gumbo.. so good! And next split the B.L.A salad, best bleu cheese dressing ever (and I usually hate that stuff) and don't forget that bacon on top! So flavorful. I had the crab cake as my entree and my husband had the swordfish! We definitely thought this was one of the best meals we've ever had. We spent a pretty penny but felt the atmosphere and food was worrhMost amazing meal. It was loud and busy but both the service and food were great, Kevin was our waiter and he gave us some great recommendations. We had a sampler to start with shrimp hush puppies, marinaded shrimp, and the best part of the meal were the crab claws that came in the most delicious sauce. Honestly the best thing we ate on our trip to NOLA. Definitely try the alligator sausage gumbo it was delicious as well as the redfish. This is a must go!Loved this place. I ate the best jambalaya ever here. Actually I would go far as to say it ss almost the best food I ever tasted. For essentially a rice dish that is saying a lot. It was simply awesome. Seasoning was perfect. Service was excellent. Oysters were huge, and very tasty.Red Fish Grill was a pleasant surprise - given the Bourbon Street location and the size of the restaurant, i was concerned that it was going to be a zoo or bland or touristy, but our table of 10 for brunch was seated promptly and our waiter was very professional and helpful. Food was good, well prepared and not too self consciously fancy. Price was reasonable. It's tough to make everyone in a party of 10 with an age range of 70 or so years, happy, but everybody walked out of there content.
I would definitely go there again.Superb service from Waiter Ike, made the entire meal fun and engaging. The food was just as good as the service. Definitely go and eat there and ask to be served by Ike!!!I came here on the recommendation of my father, who had recently been to New Orleans and declared their lemon fish entrée "One of the best meals I've had in the past year. Period." Given this high praise (and it is, he's quite the picky restaurant eater), I had to give it a try.
At first entry, I was a little worried: the gaudy interior gave me flashbacks of my not-so-halcyon days of waitressing at Red Lobster during college. Between this and the giant billboards at the airport (and its prime Bourbon St. location), I was worried that my father's tastes had diverged substantially from mine, and that I had just led my boss into a giant tourist trap that wouldn't quite deliver on its French Quarter prices.
Thankfully, our knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive waiter, Andrew, quickly put my fears to rest. We started with some raw oysters, which were fresh, large, and quite mild. They're served with lemon and cocktail sauce, as well as saltines. As a mignonette lover, I was bummed that they didn't have any, but Andrew was quick to offer a variety of vinegars and other sauces he could bring me in substitution, if I was so inclined.
Our meal came out quite quickly (service is perhaps too efficient), and was well-executed. The grilled Portobello was superb and paired well with the grilled asparagus and red pepper sauce, and the fish was firm but flaky and moist. It was a great, light dinner and the fish itself was at a reasonable price point ($21) given its tourist-central location.
Had I only eaten here, I probably would give 3 stars for good service, good food, at reasonable prices in a touristy atmosphere. However, after eating at a few other places in the area, I had to bump it up to 4 stars because they went easy on the salt shaker and allowed the flavors of the meal to shine.Ladies and Gentlemen, this place cannot be beat.  Fresh bread and the best oysters ever, whether on the half shell or BBQ!! They are the Bomb! Plus, my friends and I inhaled the pecan pie profiterole--for $8 bucks folks, dang, it tasted like a million bucks!!! I also inhaled my filet entree and mashed potatoes...literally I wanted to lick my plate!! Loved it--plus the service was fantastic!!!! GO!i had the Fish Burger.
it was actually wayyyyyy better than expected.
i would definitely re order this next time.Came to this restaurant because it was recommended to us by our Uber driver and we were able to make some last minute reservations.  When we arrived, the place was packed and they provide you a number and direct you into the bar area to wait.  Eventhough we had reservations, we ended up having to wait almost 25minutes for table.  We tried their
Fried oysters
Oysters on the half-shell
Fried okra (special request)
Gumbo
Jambalaya risotto
Crab Cakes
Sautéed Gulf Shrimp
The raw oysters were extremely fresh and good. I would recommend the fried oysters if you like blue cheese. Highlight for me was the crab cakes and raw oysters.  
We must have come during the busiest time of the evening because the food took close to 45 minutes to come out. Once the food came out, it was good. We definitely come back for the food and the pricing is reasonable, dozen oysters for $17.50.We heard great reviews about Red Fish Grill so we decided to take our friend here for her birthday. This was our first visit in New Orleans and we wanted to try new local restaurants. We made a reservation the same day in the evening. As soon as we arrived we were immediately seated. The food was great and the service was excellent. They were a bit busy on Friday night but our server still made sure we were taken care of. We would definitely return!Every time we come here, it is great. This past experience, we came for lunch. Our server was extremely friendly and the food came out quick with our party of 6. We always come here for the BBQ oysters - they are my absolutely favorite of anywhere - you can eat the half dozen or dozen for lunch depending upon how hungry you are. Everyone really enjoyed their meals. Make a reservation!Great spot for happy hour oysters on Bourbon St.   Only 1/2 block north of Canal St.  and do a wonderful 50 cent shucked gulf oyster. 6 bucks a dozen and 2 for 1 wells from 3-6.  Sit up at the bar for great service and a grand time. Best deal in town.They are noted for their oyster appetizer .. fried oysters in bbq and topped with blue cheese ... the oysters were small but this was very good .. sorta rich.  This was on several foodie lists to try .. so if you like oysters .. give it a try.  We finished the meal with the double chocolate bread pudding which was soooo sweet might be too much for some .. but I'm a fat foodie so up to the challenge.The food was so delicious! I don't eat seafood or fish but the Alligator Boudin Balls were amazing with the medley of flavors and the sweet potato cheddar grits were a girl's best friend, reminiscent of my grandma's cooking. Yummy! Finishing the meal was a chocolaty dessert- Double Chocolate Bread Pudding a la mode! All I can say is, "Wow!"