Great hole-in-the-wall Cantonese food.  LARGE portions, excellent eggrolls.  Very personable owner who is happy you are there.  I'll be back!Best Chinese food I have ever had.  Anywhere.  Literally everything we had was fantastic.  So much flavor.  Drinks are great too.  Don't miss this place.  You'll regret it.this place is the bomb- the owner was as nice as can be, greeted me upon arrival and the staff is lovely.
The food is so interesting, and delicious i could eat there over and over. 
and i do.I tried Tiger Salad, Egg Drop Soup, and the Ginger Scallion Noodles.
By far my favorite thing that I ordered was the soup.  I highly recommend it!  I would have loved a little side serving of fried wontons to go with it, but it wasn't a deal breaker.
The menu prices did seem a little high at first, but considering the quality of ingredients and generous portions, it was well worth it!Think upscale Chinese takeout. For me, this place is a hit, because it replicates the flavors of a conventional Chinese takeout place but uses quality ingredients and prepares beautiful, creative dishes. 
A fun aspect of Red's is that the menu changes, so if you like trying new things like I do, you'll look forward to coming back. Something that is always on the menu that I highly recommend are the Mussels. It's a huge serving in a bowl of rich, addictive broth with shredded veggies.
If you aren't about seafood, the General's Chicken, which uses juicy, bone-in meat, is a good option. The Beef & Broccoli, which uses brisket,  is also pretty fire. If you're vegetarian, try the Eggplant, it has an incredible texture and doesn't sacrifice flavor. 
For drinks, the Mirror of Truth is quite possibly the best sake I have ever tasted, and the Tai Tea Daiquiri  is a less sweet, deeply flavorful blended drink. They also know how to make a good Party Bowl, and just about anything else.
I only ever experience incredible service here. Short wait times and very accommodating, friendly staff. The drinkside bar, kitchenside bar, two inside dining areas, and back porch dining, are all beautifully decorated and clean. The restrooms are notably clean. Music is always mellow, so I would describe the overall atmosphere as warm and inviting.This place is great. Not really Chinese, more Chinese inspired. Hard to find because the sign is just a red square. I fell in love with the Hawaiin Fried Rice and the Kung Pao Pastrami and ate here almost once a week for months. The menu changes up, so if you fall in love with certain dishes you might want to call in advance. Last time I went they had neither of my favorites and it ripped my world apart.I had been dying for Chinese in the area since we moved here a couple years back. I won't go into too much detail but the generals chicken is banging.I first ate at this restaurant when it first opened. My boyfriend and I were disappointed. I had the bywater eggplant and he ordered tripe which isnt on the menu anymore (thank god). Maybe we ordered the wrong things for a first visit....who knows. But people have been raving about so we decided to give it another shot. I am so happy that we did!! The general lee chicken-amazing. The tiger salad-wonderful. Steamed Bok Choy-yummy. My experience the second time was a 180 and I will now be a regular. Cons:it was very hot inside of the restaurant due to poor circulation and an open kitchen. Service was so-so both times. But I am down with the vibe and love the food. Try is out!Stopped by to see what the talk was about and I must say I was pleased with the food and service. It was a truly unique place that definitely stands out. Will be back. Fried Dumplings were to die for.Best food I have had in years. So thoughtful and creative with amazing flavors. Would make a trip back to New Orleans just to eat there.Great food, smaller portions than your traditional chinese restaurant.  Wonderful creativity and flavor combinations. We love the general's chicken and the craw rangoons. I could eat those every day.If I could give the food a separate score it would be 6 stars. It's TOTALLY amazing. Some of the most interesting and delicious Chinese food I've ever eaten (and I lived in San Francisco for 20 years). 
General Lee's chicken is fantastic.... Chinese fried chicken with a spicy glaze..... the little pork belly sandwiches with hoisin? Heaven. The potstickers filled with crawfish (or or whatever happens to be delicious and fresh?) Amazing.
The problem here is that the service is so problematic, verging on WTF? A to go order takes 45 minutes (and we watched every person at the bar place their order and get served. How does that happen?) 
Every time we've eaten here the wait staff or management has come up to apologize for something taking far too long or being forgotten or being served in a very strange order...three dishes for 4 people will come out and then nothing for a half hour and no indication from the waitress as to what's going on. Again, how does that happen?
It's a restaurant. People do this every day. I can't fathom why Red's can't figure this out after being open for close to a year. Sort it out, people.  There's no excuse.
Until then, beware. Order delivery and be prepared for it take an hour to get to you.1000 stars!! This is one of my favorite spots on earth, so flavorful, awesome staff and despite the incredibly reasonable prices (the portions are huge) the dining room is beautiful. Everything is great, come hungry and better yet, come with a group!A great experience! People are so friendly(especially the chef is cooking poetically), the dirty rice is legendary! Will definitely visit this place again when we're back to New Orleans next time! Recommend this place to everyoneI was all excited to try this place because of all the great reviews and vegan options but it was a huge disappointment. The service was downright awful and the food just like two deserts for a meal so sugary! The kitchen was beautifully laid out and bathrooms fun. Some interesting plants in front! 
Smell: All I smelled was fried grease throughout the place and I am probably certain I smelled like it when I left. They desperately need to air it out. Breathing it was difficult for the first 20 min till I got used to it. 
Service: My dish did not come out till after every single person who had arrived after me got theirs! No apologies, no explanations, just a mention that my food was coming.  I got my salad, then my partner ate by himself and then when he was done my meal finally arrived and I ate by myself. That is unacceptable. How does everyone who was seated after me have their food, my partner is done with his and I still don't have mine!? The waitress had little personality and never made me feel welcome. It wasn't unwelcome but more apathy than anything. It gets worse...
Food: Well I love the creativeness of the food! Aloe, goji berries in my salad but it was spicy and no mention of that on the menu. Had to have it remade.  My waitress said without the fish sauce it would not be spicy. Remade it was still not really palatable. It was super sweet like candy even the aloe was marinated in sugar sauce and the carrots were just large curls and took forever to chew! Raw carrots need to be grated or chopped smaller to break down instead of 6 X 1 inch curls. It was big and I was too tired to chew through it all. Cucumbers were just ok.  I couldn't wait to eat something soft and savory.
Then I got the Buddha stir fry. It's not on the menu. Again, all I taste is sugar. I know that's a popular way to make food and others love it, but it should say these things on the menu spicy, sweet, savory etc. I'm sorry I didn't think to ask but I thought if a food doesn't taste like the food description they ought to let us know so we don't have a surprise on our hands and have to send it back. That much sugar is not an enhancement it's the main focus.  Another issue I did not like was the veggies were hardly cooked at all in the stir fry. They were essentially raw.  The food needs a bigger plate or a rim so it's not falling off and then you don't get to mix your rice and veggies to your own proportions it's just a huge premixed lump on your plate and takes forever to chew through the sugary raw veggies. Is it supposed to be that way? Gross...
I just have a feeling that my order was forgotten and made too quickly. 
My partner had the General Lee's chicken just said it was ok. He didn't clean the bones off or anything, in fact they gave him a to go container for what was left and he didnt even use it. 'I can't comment on it, but I'm surprised to hear such great reviews about it. 
Then waitress asked if we want desert. Smh, no thanks I just had two. Between the smell, the taste and the awful service I doubt I'll ever go back. Oh and they don't have non-alcoholic drinks on the menu. I love my beer but during the day I want something healthier. You have to ask for non-alcoholic items and all they have are iced tea and coke or they can "make" you a lemonade. The way she said it feels like you're asking them a favor. I'm not one for sweets as you can tell. Would have liked hot tea with my Chinese food or a Perrier, filtered water, coffee...we settled on tap water with our meal.
We spent just over $40 and would have rather gone to one of the authentic neighborhood  to go places where they have great customer service, make your food to order, it's cheaper and faster and tastes like what you expect.  I'll definitely spend more for healthier foods but not when it's sugar laden.Best fucking place! I drank so much squirt! And slurped down delicious ginger scallion noodles! Plus there was a super foxy bartender!Awful awful awful. I haven't written a review on yelp since my 20's, but when you have 48 hours in your favorite city and you waste 2 of them waiting on TWO mediocre dishes, some shit needs to be said. The noodles were way too gingery and the chicken, which we just ended up giving up on and taking to go, was bland and kinda gross. We were literally one of two tables and it still took so long. The dude working there did not give two fucks and was not apologetic at all. Way to harshen my buzz, terrible Chinese place.The general lee chicken is a hot mess.  Literally.  Fried chicken then drenched in a yummy sauce ... Tastes great!  However ... Try eating a piping hot slippery piece of chicken that's covered in sauce chopped nuts and cilantro.  It was a hot mess.  It was delicious but won't order it again.  OH... And this particular chicken was VERY HAIRY..  Too hairy for my dining partner to overlook.I have to start this review with this: OH MY GOD! 
It's just indescribably delicious. The place isn't much from outside. Just a red door on the bywater. When I walked in the air was filled with a magical aroma and I became even more hungry than I was. The open kitchen is really a wise move. My companions had been there before and the host/waiter who served us made sure to give me the newbie run down. They have a different daily frozen drink and several made in house tea and drink options. I was honestly hung over and stuck with water, although that frozen beverage was on my mind. 
The place serves family style. You should prepare to pick different items and share with your friends when you come. The food comes out as made and almost happens in shareable courses. 
Our first was the fried rice noodles. I was instantly in heaven. The ground lamb and mushrooms, the incredible spices and tender large fried noodles were just what I needed. I was sad to see the plate go empty. But, then the second plate arrived.
The kung pao pastrami. There are no words to describe the happiness my mouth experienced. The chunks of meat were so perfectly tender and juicy and seasoned to perfectly. The mix of veggies with it was so complimentary. I will order that again for sure. 
And the last was the generals chicken. I'm told it started it all. Impeccably fried half a chicken, quartered and mixed with a large amount a ginger and spices in the delicious glaze. I was in heaven till the last bite. I can't wait to return.Delicious delicious !!! I am not a huge fan of Chinese food and my boyfriend dragged me here. I had the best experience here. First of all everyone working there and our waitress was so nice and pleasant. I enjoyed their conversation and suggestions. I had an amazing daiquiri with a million different ingredients I died it was so good. Then the food! Oh the food we had the ragoons 5/5, Brussel sprouts (Ahmazing), the king poa pastrami, and drunken noodles. Everything was great I highly recommend it!My fourth visit to Red's and it was very good. The girl who waited on me was awesome! I had my two favorite dishes. I found the sauce for the crawfish Rangoon to be a bit whangy(new word) but still a good dish. The Generals Chicken is a beautiful dish, covered in sauce, peanuts and cilantro. The batter is the best ever. It had just enough spice but some may find the sauce too sweet. And the problem I had on an earlier visit was made completely right by an conscientious owner and staff.Ate here recently with friends. As I've seen in a few reviews it's nothing fancy and appears to be a hole in the wall from the exterior. However once inside it's got the hipster vibe. The food is pretty good! We had the egg rolls and craw ragoons for app. The ragoons were my fav and the egg rolls were my friends. For entree we all split the Hawaiian friend rice (so so good), beef and broccoli (decent nothing special) and the general chicken (sauce flavor was great but needed more once you get inside the crust). I will get it another try tho!The portions are huge. You can definitely share items on the meal.  So, in that regard, it's good for the price.  I had the craw rangoon's, which were yummy.  The squash soup was way too garlic-y.  Prices on drinks are too expensive.Went to reds two nights ago, got a to go box because I couldn't finish everything, came home to microwave it later and found a pretty big bug (!!!!) in my food. Called reds to let them know, and they didn't offer a refund, complimentary meal (not that I would want it) or anything. He just said "alright thanks man, I'll double check to make sure it's bug free."  Disgusting.Very, very good - safe to say best Chinese in NOLA. 
Sit at the bar on the edge of the kitchen to see the action and talk to the chefs.I am a Chinese. When I first walked into the restaurant, I saw couple non-Asians doing the cooking, my first thought was this is one of those Americanized Chinese food. But they really surprise me. This is one of most unique Chinese i ever had. Their food is full of herb flavors. I really liked it. I have to say that red Chinese have done most of Chinese restaurants couldn't do. Service was awesome too, thank you for the experience.great chinese that is way off the grid when compared to typical chinese fare.  Their fried rice dishes are all legit and the ginger scallion noodles are awesome and bursting with flavor. Also had the chicken and the ribs and they were great as well. Do yourself a favor and go check them out in the Bywater.This is my third time at Red's, if we ever meet ask me about the second time. It's a wonderful story about a boy and his childhood crush but I digress, am here to talk about food. 
Red's is a mix of full Cajun and Asian flavors that pack a punch. 
When you walk up to the building don't be afraid, it's not going to fall on you and like Doctor Who's T.A.R.D.I.S is much bigger and prettier inside. 
I recommend you start with the Buns (any of the buns) and the Craw Ragoons both will give you a great insight into the fusion happening in the kitchen.
Next is some of the best fried chicken in NOLA, The Generals Chicken. This take on the classic General Tso done with half a chicken and bold flavors like smoked peanuts, chili and cilantro is there signature dish and won't disappoint.
On this visit I was sad to learn that my overall favorite dish the Buddah rice is no longer been served which is a shame because the bright flavors, veggies and crunchiness was a great side dish to the chicken. However, if you ask nicely they will make it for you but only if no one else is looking ;-)
If you go alone or with just one other sit at the kitchen bar and watch the magic happen.This is a completely different take on Asian Fusion. very Americanized or more Southern I'd say. We got the general chicken and beef with broccoli. General Chicken was big pieces of fried chicken with an Asian sauce. The beef was more BBQ brisket with hoisin sauce. I like the good, but wasn't very Asian for me.This place doesn't serve Chinese food. It's all over seasoned, heavy, and full of sugar.....also the hood system is inadequate and smoke filled my pores and clothes....I showered before this meal and the smokiness ruined my evening....The prices seem high until you see the insane portions. We had left overs for days! The food is absolutely amazing with really great flavors and unique twists in Chinese. The General Lee's Chicken is life changing.This place is great!!!!  I had chicken curry with pineapple and it was out of this world.  
My server Erin was super sweet and went out of her way to make sure were were taken care of on a super busy night!BRING CASH! This place is awesome and so yummy but a couple of times they've mis charged or double charged my card. Doesn't take away from how great it is though- would just recommend bringing cashI started with their house made Spiced Orange Daiquiri, which was sweet, tangy & delicious! Who knew that a Chinese restaurant would make daiquiris?! So glad they broke the mold. Plus, it was a perfect complement to the spicy General's Chicken that I ordered. To round out my meal, I added the small order of Egg Rolls (2). 
They serve food "family style" meaning that they bring food out when it is ready (vice waiting for all items to be ready before serving). 
This place is on the bottom story of a 2-story house and it is a long, narrow set-up. It's dimly lit  a bit of a "grungy" feel. Yet, it smells like fresh, delicious food and the wait staff and kitchen crew all greeted me upon arrival. The music is a mix of R&B and 80's hits. The menu is much smaller than most other Chinese restaurants and carry-outs too. However, that means that they do a few things VERY well.Was in the mood for a noodle dish (e.g., lo mien). The server said they didn't have anything quite like that but suggested the FRIED RICE NOODLES (ground lamb, shiitake, greens, egg, basil, nuoc cham). Got a small portion to go. YUMMY! And if this was a "small" portion, I can't imagine what a large is like. Was the perfect side for some fish and salad that I had waiting at home :-)Amazing and not what you're thinking when you see Chinese. It's kind of a fusion Chinese-Nola place and everything is amazing. Huge portions so don't over order. One entree and one app plenty enough for 2 people with leftoversBest food and service ever! The whole staff treated us with such class and respect. And Pearl we love you!!! The food was incredible!Really delicious food. Not a long wait once you sit down. The portions are a nice size so to those who complain about prices- just share your goddamn plates. The chicken plate can be split between  two or three people, the catfish rice is at least for two. The eggplant is heavenly. Not sure about the sliders but I frankly never understood the point of sliders. 
They should add pork belly.
The waitstaff is super efficient and sweet.
The cooks are babes. 
They should hire a lady cook though- wtf is with the sausage fest? (Soo..hire me. I cook.)
One of my favorite "fancy" places to eat in Nola. By fancy I mean I usually get a burger at Fradys so you know, take it as you will. 
Definitely check it out!!!The most amazing Chinese/Louisiana fusion food you will ever have!! I definitely suggest the Craw Rangoon, creole fried rice, Generals Chicken and the Eggplant was all phenomenal... Special mention goes out to the Prawn crackers with Old Bay!! This place is a must but don't expect speedy service there is one person running the bar and table service and kicking ass while being super helpful with the menu!!!Food is great. The confetti rice is superb. The ribs are some of the best I've ever had.
Won't take credit cards for delivery orders, which I don't like.
Have raised their prices since first opening, but still not too expensive.the special (five-spiced prime rib with a wasabi potato cake) was so good that i tipped the chef directly for maybe the second time in my life.
hope to come here as often as possible.I have frequented Red's on many occasions since moving to New Orleans, but have failed to write a review until now. 
The food here is awesome. Simple as that. Remember: this isn't your traditional MSG laden Chinese joint with a generic name. Nearly everything here is made in house, and has a unique flair. 
From experience, I can say their General's Chicken, Kung Pao Pastrami, and Hawaiian Fried Rice entrees are home runs. They are YUGE serving sizes, so be sure to bring a friend. For apps, be sure to try the Bok Choy or Pickle Plate. Good stuff.
The opening time at noon and (sometimes) ridiculously loud music can be a bit of a turn off, however.It was PERFECT from the very beginning! But why oh why each time I'm here the menu is worse and worse???its nothing to eat already! Where are all your soups for example?? A lil bit of history: I stayed in Bywater by mistake and occasionally  checked up this wonderful that time restaurant. Now when I'm in NOLA I stay only in the Garden district and i specially took uber two times already to come to Bywater for this particular restaurant, but my God, why less and less food to order all the time?!?!The service here is incredible. They were super nice, it wasn't busy at all (though it was pouring and cold). There was a mistake with the order that was corrected very quickly. 
I don't eat shellfish, but my friends said that the crawfish wontons were some of the best wontons they have ever had (and they eat them every time they get the chance). The pork belly buns were also absolutely delicious. 
There was a ginger soup that was also really tasty, but it was off menu.  
I want to be in love with this place, but the Kung Pao Pastrami and the General's chicken were both not to my palate. The eggplant was good, but it was very oily and none of the above were very spicy, despite the warning (though this may be a New Orleans thing since most seem to have this issue).  I've been to a few other places that are similar, like Mission Chinese in SF, but this wasn't it. 
That being said, the service, the people, the atmosphere were all really great. Some of the other food looks good, too, like the hawaiian fried rice. I'll probably come back when my friends get the wonton craving to try these other entrees. 
Pricewise, it is a bit expensive, but you get a lot of food, too. It's not a bad deal, esp in new orleans. 
It's also pretty hard to find if you read signs. Less so if you just look for a giant red square.The food was AMAZING. The portions were very generous and everything about the food was spot on. Too bad the service was awful. Two different servers came to our table to take our orders, the latter told us she "blacked out" and couldn't remember if she had come by. Our group of four ordered two cocktails, three apps, including two orders of the rangoons, and three entrees. Our order of service was very out of order: we received one drink and an app, followed by two entrees, then a single order of rangoons, we had to ask for the other drink and the server ran off before we could mention the other app, then we got another server who brought us the missing rangoons, finally followed by the last entree. 
I understand that it was Friday night and they may have been busy, but that's no excuse for how awful the service was. A friend mentioned afterwards to just order it to-go, but I'm probably not going to go out of my way for it again.I laugh when people give reviews about the smoke filled room, open kitchens are just that, go sit in the patio...
Food is always great, not traditional just like most of the food in NOLA, it's a fusion of flavors, it your not adventurous go to Metaire.....Probably the best Chinese food I've ever eaten. We travel everywhere, including eating in China Town in both San Francisco and in DC.  I've lived here for 3 months and never knew this place existed Bc there is no signage on the outside of the building. We heard about this place by " word of mouth". The Generals Chicken, amazing. The Brussels sprouts, to die for!  The eggplant, out of this world!  They serve family style small or large. We ordered the small which was enough to feed our family of four, (3 adults and 1 child) with leftovers to take home. The pricing is remarkable too!  We will def be regulars. 
The only negative....it was hot inside the building. We left wi damp hair and clothes and the music was so loud you couldn't hear one another speak.  It also took the server a little bit to warm up to us, so she wasn't overly friendly at first but otherwise amazing food!It's official: there are no kinks left to iron out. everything we ate in this place was amazing. dishes that did not sound like they would work completely did work. 
the kung pao, bok choy, smashed cucumbers, and general lee were completely off the hook. plenty of lagniappe too, so go easy on your order.  huge portions, so there will still be plenty to take home and enjoy the next day. good service and tunes up in the joint. best chinese food in NOLA at the moment.What a wonderful interpretation on Chinese food. We started off with the Craw Rangoons, they were great. Also had Hawaiin fried rice which was delicious , Kung Pao pastrami , was so good with vegetables and chunks of pastrami. The Generals chicken was so moist and flavorful, we wish we would have more. We also had Brussels sprouts which were very good. 
Sammy , provided top notch service and was awesome and had a great personality and had great recommendations. We can't wait to go backI've tried almost everything including the secret off-menu buffalo chicken (ask your server to check with the kitchen) and I've enjoyed every experience.  If you are looking for a new New Orleans experience, definitely check it out and expect a bit of spice.Great Chinese food! Hole in the wall but not your average Chinese joint by any means. The service is great. The food is fresh and not greasy. It is a bit of a fusion with other influences. We tried the buffet special they throw on Mondays and it was well worth the $13. I'd definitely eat here again.Inspired by Mission Chinese in NYC, Red's is a creative take on Chinese food.  Came in around 9pm on a Sunday night as we were looking for somewhere close to our airbnb in the Bywater.  So glad we chose to eat here, even though you wouldn't typically think to eat Chinese while on vacation in New Orleans.  We were looking for a more chill night sandwiched in between a couple longer nights out.  My friend and I shared chicken dumplings, papaya salad and Hawaiian fried rice.  All were excellently prepared.  The chicken dumplings and papaya salad were very spicy!  The server did a great job of refilling my water as I was drinking it fast. My favorite was the Hawaiian fried rice, which was curried with bacon and pineapple chunks.Just came home from being out of the country for a week and a half and first thing's first! Gotta get my Red's Chinese fix! 
Having It delivered right to the door after traveling all day + Beef and Bok Choy = Pure Bliss!I've never had a worse experience at a restaurant. I would suggest eating elsewhere. The atmosphere seemed inviting but that proved to be short lived. It's New Orleans and there are so many more (welcoming and delicious) options. Do yourself a favor and steer clear.Great food, wonderful option for the area. Delivery is amazing in the bywater area! The flavor are amazing haven't had anything that hasn't been 100% yet!I must say this place is kpet out of the Nola world. Guys the food is so so so good . just the right amount of spicy and the owener is right there making your food. Very hands on. I must  say if you don't go it's your bad... It's a must. Get out there and go eat.... Guys keep up the good work..... And the hostess is so sweet and very pretty....Our first visit was for Father's Day lunch. Started with their craft cocktail made with mint ginger coriander syrup. I had it with bourbon and it was delicious. 
We shared the pickled pineapple fried rice with bacon and chicken, house made kimchi, smashed cucumbers with garlic and tahini, and the Kung Pao pastrami. 
The portions were generous and all of it was delicious and quickly served by friendly staff who did a great job of taking care of us. 
Will definitely go back!Very good, inventive Chinese food.  Portions are huge and I've liked everything I've tried.  My only wish is that there were a few more vegetarian dishes on the menu, but the Bywater eggplant (which is really mirliton squash) is always delish as are the ginger scallion noodles and delta broccoli.  The place is a bit dark but very cozy and usually packed.  Wonderful addition to the neighborhood.It's not often that I am at a loss to name the ingredients that make up my food, but this place stumped me repeatedly. Delicious and enjoyable experimentation, expertly cooked vegetables, full of tantalizing flavor, (plus many fermented ingredients!!), though I don't think this would be my first stop if I was "craving Chinese food." The restaurant was in fact red, which I liked. 
Side note, to all the people saying that this restaurant was good "despite the sketchy neighborhood", fuck off. It's not "sketchy", it's St. Claude. Judas Priest.Red's is a true hole in the wall. Inconspicuously situated in the lower left section of a 4-plex building on St. Claude St; it's the last place you'd expect to find a great Chinese (fusion? innovative Chinese?) restaurant. There's no sign with 'Red's Chinese' on it, just a lit up red square letting you know where to go in, which is the opposite of what you expect upon seeing the exterior. Now to the food:
The good:
Hot and Sour soup is one of the best I've had. It packs a flavor punch and contains lots of mushrooms and chunks of Monk fish. 
Fried Prawns w/ Sausage and Chili Sauce: DAYUM. Very good, perfectly crispy fried, enough so that you can eat the entire prawn w/ shell, no peeling necessary. 
General Lee's Chicken: A large half of chicken fried in one big piece with the bones and smothered in nuts and their special 'Lee's' sauce. Much sweeter than spicy. Overall still delicious if you're looking for something on the sweeter side. 
Shaved ice dessert: Ugh, I can't remember what it was called exactly. This is awesome! Just see the pictures. 
The meh:
Pastrami rice cake dish: This was ok, but the pastrami was SO (emphasis added) fatty that there was a quarter inch of liquefied fat on the bottom of our dish. It had potential but it was just a little too much.
Hawaiian Fried Rice: I've seen other reviews praising this dish. We thought it was just OK. Not bad, but nothing to write home about. Wouldn't get it again but wouldn't turn it down if it was offered, ya know? 
Portions are big, wait staff and chefs are friendly. AND they have a nice courtyard in the back to sit out on! 4/5I just moved here from San Francisco and was craving Chinese food my second week in.  Red's Chinese popped up on my search and I noticed that it was a fusion of different Asian styles and ingredients but predominantly Chinese.  I'd been down this road before but I was hungry and I was drunk so placed an order.  Everything was great.  Fast forward another week and I ordered again  This time not drunk at all.  This time, everything wasn't great.  It was excellent. I will go so far as to say that for the type of food that Red's is making, it's the best food that I've had in nola since moving here.
-Great take on a traditional menu item with the General's Chicken.  Those pieces were loaded with flavor and actually reminded me of a smothered, Korean style fried chicken.   
-Kim chee is on point.  Great with the shrimp fried rice.  
-Chinese doughnuts were impressively good as well
Even bad food in this town is still above average over the overpriced Russian roulette of eating in San Francisco or Los Angeles. In the case of Red's, I'm looking forward to going through the whole menu bit by bit.  I say this not just as a customer but also as a chef of 16 years. I'm already hooked.Food was absolutely amazing. Everything tasted wonderful, and the wine by the glass was a fair price. We met one of the owners, Max, and he was absolutely delightful. We ordered the swallow soup, the General Lee's chicken, the king tofu, the ribs, pork sliders, and some noodles I cant remember the name. The taste of everything was do spot on. I didnt mind the high prices, since youre getting high quality food. I am definitely bringing everyone I know here!This stuff was gooood. The fried chicken! sweet, spicy, and lemony. I also love the smashed cucumbers ap. the soups are yummy and they deliver to my neighborhood quickly and accurately. to be honest I've never been in the place (lol) so the only ambience I have to worry about is my house, which is just fine.Omg. If you haven't been here yet go immediately. The food, drinks, and staff are amazing. The fried chicken and the pastrami were out of this world. Will be coming back very soon.One of my favorite spots in New Orleans which is saying a lot. I go here every time I get the chance. So sad to be moving away from New Orleans mainly because I won't have Red's. Eggplant is fantastic. Ginger scallion noodles, Bok Choy, Craw Rangoon & Fried rice is al all so so delicious. Atmosphere is perfect. The patio is my favorite. Staff is super friendly and laid back as well.Have tried to let this place grow on me after a bad first experience but the consistency and pricing just seems to keep getting worse. I live nearby so I've been there a number of times and seen the menu charge,  portions change,  etc.  I enjoy the pastrami and chicken but if you want to go and drink you end up spending as much as a fancy place to eat in what feels like a dive bar and is often uncomfortably warm(maybe I just remember the former businesses too well). My last attempt was to order for take out and it took them 20 minutes longer than it was supposed to. No one checked in the whole time I sat there waiting. I don't think I'd recommend it at this point.We happened to visit and get take out during the Krewe of Chubacchus-so glad we did.  Food is excellent, high quality, and fresh.  Visit the menu as they use some tasteful ingredient combinations to give you a flavorful experience for your taste buds to experience. This is not your neighborhood "Metairie" sweet and sour Chinese place.  If you are looking for dull stay in that area.
The place has a rocking atmosphere but if you don't like music on the loud side then may want to do the takeout.  Also, seating looks limited and there was a wait that night.  If nothing else highly suggest do some take out. You will not be disappointed.  We will be back when in the area.We had a nice dinner here last nice but I think we may have ordered the wrong things!  We ordered the smashed cucumbers (fine, forgettable), the sliders (decent) and the chicken feet (gross) to start.  Except that's not the way the food came out.  We got the cucumbers and Kung Pao Pastrami first (delicious).  We also never got the ribs we ordered and since the servings were so large, we were probably better off not getting them. I really enjoyed my cocktail (Dragon's Breath) and I'd go back to order other things.  Service was fast and friendly, minus the snafu with food arrival.  A note about chicken feet: having never tried them, I was curious.  I thought they'd be crunchy.  The flaccid skin (though soaked in a tasty buffalo wing style sauce), revealed nothing underneath but gristly bone.  Now I know.Wow. What a hidden gem. I thought we were in the wrong neighborhood and we almost missed the place! There is a big red square sign out front of the place and that is the only signage Reds has. When you walk in you are quickly greeted by a worker. He made a joke with us "welcome to dominos, how many in your party?" We were quickly seated outdoors. Within a few minutes we got water and our menus. Workers were very attentive. It was about 9 pm or so on a weekend. It was packed! There were so many palmetto bugs flying around in the backyard - guest were complaining. Maybe they could spray back there? Not their fault. We decided to move inside - workers had no problem with that. We sat at the bar which led for even a better experience. 
We ordered the Cray Rangoons (would 10/10 recommend if you like rangoons), pineapple fried rice, and the Generals Chicken. 
Was not disappointed in our order. They all had amazing flavor. And the generals chicken was unique because it was bone in chicken. We had wished the pineapple chicken had more pineapple - I had never gotten a bite of pineapple in my large serving size. 
Servers were all extremely friendly. Talkative and attentive. We appreciated that so much.
More people need to know about this place. It's great.In a massive food culture city like New Orleans, it's difficult to stand out and to survive the initial wave of "the new place", but Red's delivered the best meal of our entire trip. 
Kung Pao Pastrami and pork belly buns were just so good. Texture was fantastic between crispy and smooth. Also had the Mussels. I'm not a big fan of Mussels but they were the best I've ever had. The coconut broth was difficult to not drink right out of the bowl. 
Washed it down with a cold Tsingtao while listening to Buzzcocks, minutemen, and the stooges. Killer playlist to a bustling Chinese joint. Gotta go, ya hear me? Just look for the big red square over the sidewalk.We had the Bywater Eggplant and the the Crab (which may been a special)
The sauce on the eggplant is legit. I've had some real-deal spicy black bean sauces, and this sauce transported my face to the deleted scenes from "Big Trouble in Little China" where peace had been found over the spiciest most tasty sauce in the land.
The crab was a brain melting rubix cube of diametrically opposed flavor forces. CRAB! TOFU! GREEN BEANS! SO MANY FLAVORS. All Fresh, Snappy Refreshing. The Doublemint twins held their head in shame as to how amazingly refreshing this dish was. A sad and disheveled person will find their spirits lifted and their clothes neatly pressed.
Do you consider yourself a food adventurer?
Do bland foods tremble in your sight?
Do you like restaurants with a engaging staff who are passionate about the food?
Then go to Red's
Drink one of the Green Tea Whiskey things and had a good time.
If I were to pick one place to end a marriage of seven years (not that I have ever done that) it would be Red's.
Why?
Because we would leave as friends. Happy friends. Who love the spicy sauce.It's that 'yeah!'
Just because i'm into this Yelp life, does not mean i know of everything there is to know about whats happening in my city, and in that quest to acquire more knowledge, even my friends, at times, end up putting me on game.
Celebrating a good friend's birthday, we were invited to join in on a 'family-style' feast at Red's Chinese, which we did make reservations for. Never hearing of it before, i was a bit skeptical when Chinese was brought up for dinner, but coming from this gal, i should've known better. I am ashamed to have even had a spec of doubt about it. That little concern quickly vanished. As soon as you hit the door, it hits you. The aromas had me tasting the air because i was convinced something would come of it.
They've got the fully open kitchen space, which i really like to see in restaurants. I marvel at the mechanics of how some kitchens are ran at times. Plus an open kitchen typically means a very clean one, especially in newer joints. The lighting is really dim in here, like a click or two too dim. It took a minute for my eyes to adjust, but once my eyes and i were in agreement, the brain had to jump in and demonstrate some restraint because everything on the menu looked like a winner.
We were in a group of seven and top to bottom we ordered: 
The South Lake Porridge which tasted better than it smelled, i added a little Sriracha and it was cool. But my least favorite of everything.
(2) Craw Ragoon, which were very tasty, especially used in the mustard sauce.
The ginger scallion noodles which were also really good, i'd go for those again. 
General lee's chicken, which was my favorite but a strong second is the Kung Pao Pastrami, trust me, get both of those dishes when you come here you will be in amazement at how good they are.
The Bywater eggplant which we were worried would be too spicy because of the reviews, but they were perfect.
A couple rounds of drinks and the Chinese donut for dessert, and between seven people we were all full and the tab was only $170!
But let me get back to that chicken tho. My god, you can see the flavor in it once the dish hits your table, it has this glow, almost like that perfect plate of food on commercials, except in real life. Peanuts are a part of this dish, so if you have allergies, you may want to ask them to hold off on those, but for real goodness's sake, i hope you don't and can experience this dish as it is intended.
I am going back, second night in a row for that chicken. The menu changes daily so be sure to check the website or call before ordering if you're unsure as to what they're offering. Pick up and Delivery available, but do note they add .25 per dish for pickup and delivery.
Nicely done, i'm with it.This is a solid 4.5. Love the no bullshit vibe of this place. It's no frills, divey, but yet great service, ambience, and the food was fantastic. We ordered the pickle plate ... the highlight was definitely the smashed cucumbers (which were amazing), but the kimchi & house pickles were great zingy accoutrements for the richer items we ordered later in the meal: the craw Rangoon's & king pao pastrami. Both fun unique riffs on expected dishes on a Chinese menu. Would love to explore more of the menu next time I'm NOLA. Price was great too! 
My one complaint was the beer menu. Everything is bottled ... but Morso the only Asian brand they carried was TsingTsao. That's probably a personal gripe though!Just ordered take-out from Red's for the first time. Easily the best Chinese food in the city. Not only are the portions huge (more than enough for lunch tomorrow), but the food is very well-prepared. Hawaiian fried rice had the perfect balance of salty, sweet, and spicy. The dumplings in the soup were great (as other reviews noted, the soup was a bit bland, but nothing that a little siracha and soy sauce couldn't fix). The noodles were also nice and light. Looking forward to next time where I can be a little more adventurous with the menu selections.Some of the best Chinese food I've had. Great staff. Amazing cocktails! General's chicken and craw Rangoon absolutely delicious.Food was lit, place was not. Pearl was a jewel (haha) and explained the menu. We weren't sure since the food seemed to have a hippy flare but everything was delicious! Even my picky 12 yr old ordered the Hawaiian fried rice and declared it was the best she ever had. The General's chicken was super yummy! We all loved everything the only item we went super crazy about was the kung pao pastrami brisket dish. Very hidden under a taqueria but worth the search. Very little lighting I guess perfect for a romantic dateKung Pao Pastrami was out of this world!  The meat was shredded, slightly caramelized with cylindrical chewy noodles and plenty of crunchy stir fried veggies in a 5 spice sauce. Chicken dumplings were fantastic. Duck with noodles and romaine lettuce (I don't remember the name of the entree) was divine! The noodles were flat, square and a light addition to the dish. Cucumber in tahini sauce was tasty and unique. Cabbage was charred on the outside with a hint of smoky flavored cheese inside. Four of us dined on a Friday night during peak hours. No wait!!! Great Service!!! Prices were very reasonable. We didn't try the interesting drinks or the shaved ice dessert, but hope to in the future. Funky ambience with no pretentiousness.Hěn hào chī (delicious) and Zhēn bàng (awesome)! 
Do NOT call your waitress Xiojiě. While it typically means "Miss," in the service industry it is slang for "prostitute."
Run by Chef Great White, as he's known by ancient Chinese cultures. The only caucasian Chef to successfully bring delcious delights to both Chinese and Americans in New Orleans and beyond.The food at Reds is nothing short of amazing. I frequently find myself crazing the fried general chicken and spicy pastrami. The daiquiris are the best in New Orleans. My only grievance is the service. I know it's in the Bywater but golly the service needs work. Coming up to a table and just saying "Soooo?" to get a good order is un excusable. I will be back for the food, but definitely not for the service.Wow! Not even a sign in front- friend brought me there. Super unusual & exciting delicious! Had beef Bok Choy & can't even begin to describe how phenomenal it was. Very generous portions. Friendly knowledgeable service. Chef Tobias took time to talk to us. Hidden gem- seek it out! I wanted to try everything on the menu so I will just have to come back to work my way through the menu. Wish them the best- definitely an asset to the local culinary scene. Will be back & recommend highly to everyone!!