Is it okay to say this is my favorite brunch spot even though all I've ever had here is their grits? I would definitely try one of their other courses and I'm pretty sure they're amazing, but it is so hard to not get my favorite thing off their menu! Their portion is so huge, i usually share it with another person (if I'm not being greedy)! You can literally top anything onto your dish and they vary from .50 cents to 1.00 dollar.  I love to add on avocados, red bell peppers, bacon, cheddar, and mushrooms! Their grits are incredible, it is not grainy nor watery. It's just perfect. I can go on and on. but I'm pretty sure you get the point! 
Eventually, i will try their other dishes, but for now, it's all about their grits.What can I say?  I'm a sucker for new american.  The owner is a very nice gentleman who really enjoys food.  
The service was impeccable and the food was Ridiculously good.  We ordered a mixed berry waffle, huevo rancho, traditional breakfast bagel with grits, and best sandwich with fresh fruits.  
I highly recommend the huevo rancho and best sandwich.  The grits was very good as well. 
If you decide to visit this restaurant, say hi to the owner.  He's a great guy.Great food, great atmosphere, great service. I've been here twice, and neither was a disappointment. The food is always fantastic (if a bit on the pricey side) - maybe it's because I'm a sucker for Nutella, but the Belgian Waffle topped with Nutella is Heaven for your mouth.Employees need to be coached in hygiene and proper food handling techniques. Was a frequent visitor but that one gross employee made me notice other things and question whether I would come back and as of yet I have not. I messaged them previously and didn't receive any replies.
Food is usually decent and over priced but didn't mind until that one nasty guy.
Message:
We eat here quite regularly but I witnessed something extremely disturbing and unsanitary today that I would really like to consult management about. 
An employee who was both taking cash and serving food proceeded to grab fruits with his bare hands (unwashed) then wipe his hands on the back of his pants. He then went back to taking orders where he used his arm and same hand to wipe his nose, sniffed, and touched his hair. I cannot tell you how disgusted I was as it made me look to other areas of sanitation lapses as well.  
Thank you.My roommate and I began our best brunch search months ago and stumbled into Refuel when we first started. After going back a couple of times since, I can say the food is good and the ambiance is great but whole package isn't my top brunch spot in the city, or even in my top 5 (granted, there are a lot of brunch places in New Orleans). 
I heard great things about their french toast so I went in with high hopes and was told they no longer serve it!! So, if you're in a sweet mood, get the Belgian waffle with all the goods on the side at no extra cost and share it with a trusted diner. 
I'd be happy to return to check out their new menu, so hopefully that will up my brunch scale rating!Really, more like 3.5 stars. Very clean, light-filled atmosphere. Waffles were light and fluffy and fruit was fresh and in season. Loved the pecan coffee.
Downsides:
Unfriendly cashier. I was really taken aback by the general demeanor of the young lady who took our order. No hello, thank you or anything else for that matter. 
Two couples who came in after us grabbed tables while their partner waited in line, so we stood holding coffee and waters for about 10 minutes right by the coffee bar. I'd like to see Refuel be more proactive in preventing this, but I do appreciate the young man who was very friendly and broke up a 4 top table from one of the couples who snaked seats and squeezed the three of us in just as our food arrived.
I will definitely head back to Refuel and I will continue to order BEFORE grabbing a table, and I hope you will too!The best grits in Nola + consistently good breakfast/brunch + pleasant staff and service. This is a go-to when I want a good brunch without a crazy long wait or reservation needed. It's a small location so there is an occasional wait, but the staff is great at turning tables and only accepting food orders as space becomes available for seating. I usually take visitors here when they want something casual but delicious. Definitely a good spot that locals frequent!What can be said that isn't said already?
Atmosphere: clean, efficient, but classy. Good quality seating. Comfortable. 
Food: Those cooks know what they are doing. The food for breakfast and lunch is astounding. The prices seem high-ish, but actually, you get a lot of food that fills you just to the brink of super-fullness.
Coffee: they serve French Truck coffee here. Great iced coffee! Meh iced latte, at least for a large. Too much milk. Gimme more of that espresso!
Speed: great on weekdays! Weekends are another matter for me; there is always a line out of the door! This is their fault, as the great food and customer service keeps people coming back. Man, so many people though. Ugh and they're gonna be loud and talking about things. Hell, I'll just come back on a weekday.BLUF:  Great food, great owner and staff.  Setup can be annoying.
Small place but with lots of seating but not enough sometimes for how popular it can be.  You walk in and go to the register where you look at the menu, order and pay.  Then you look for a seat.  This can be annoying and not group friendly.  Sometimes you will wait and wait and wait and almost get your food with no where to sit.  It hasnt happened to me but I am a spaz and always think it will.
The food is great.  Last time I got the jalepeno pork over grits.  It was fantastic and not too spicy.  Very very good.  My lady got the smoked salmon omelet with fried capers and it was really good too.  Very great food and interesting menu with the standard breakfast options as well.
The owner is moving around the floor the whole time and he is really really nice.  All of the staff is nice.  
My only real comlaint is that for me the ordering/waiting thing is a little stressful and can sometimes stop you from even enjoying your food lesiurely cuz a million people are standing there looking for the next available table.
Great food though.Update: Lowered my review by one star.  I still frequent this place for breakfast fairly regularly and it doesn't disappoint.  Always decent, never WOW amazing.  The A/C used to be blasting all the time, a great perk for that hangover hot feeling.  Now its much warmer... maybe they finally realized their entergy bill was more than their rent.What, no line for Sunday brunch!?  Awesome.  Just make sure you get there before the 11am rush.  Excellent coffee choices, ie medium or dark.Great breakfast.  Would definitely come again.  Highly recommend.    Next to Carrollton Market.  
Had the Southern breakfast.  Basic but excellent.  Nothing pretentious, just good.The service was Ahmazing! The Meat burrito was delicious and served with great sauce!! The ambiance is real chill! I recommended this place to anyone visiting New Orleans or who lives in the city!I was a little nervous walking in because it seemed like one of those "fast food but not really" type restaurants, if that makes sense. You order at the counter, then sit down and wait for your food, so it's not the typical waiter/waitress setup. However, the food was absolutely delicious! My boyfriend and I got a few dishes to share between the two of us and we were very happy with everything. I will definitely be returning here. Also - the artwork on the walls is so cute! Definitely pay attention to it.Excellent, mostly organic food. Only thing I didn't like was the fact that the hot chocolate was made with water and not milk. I had the big breakfast which was awesome the grade of the food is superb. I'm very picky about bacon, I usually don't eat it but the applewood was wonderful.Had the worst experience I've had at a restaurant in a while here. Ordered take out and waited over an hour and fifteen minutes for our food which was just a breakfast sandwich and grit plate. In that time, only one employee came to talk to us, not to tell us sorry for the wait, but to tell us that they didn't have enough grits to complete our order.  The food is good, but not good enough to wait over an hour for.This is one of my favorite little neighborhood places for breakfast. Cute art work, good energy and the food is soooo good and the owner so nice and attentive when he is there on Sunday brunches.   
I adore the blueberry and mint iced tea that they make there, it is the best. The grits are so good they turned this Yankee into a grits lover. 
It is such a fun, consistent and lovely place to spend a morning.We love everything about Refuel. The staff, the food, the owner Guthrie, all amazing! And the grits oh wow!My favorite breakfast spot in the city & the owner is so nice! Btw try the grits & French toast!Super cute and chic restaurant. Great service and he food is delicious! I had the California burrito and it was great. They have a special house sauce with a hint of spice that makes everything even better. The ambiance is very nice with light music in the background! Definitely a mom and pop place!I either had Migas or Huevos Rancheros, I honestly can't remember anything other than perfectly cooked eggs and creamy black beans. Refuel is delicious! Great breakfast place but has some limited seating.Came back a second time, and I gotta say the place is definitely still a five star establishment. Despite Hampson Street getting crazy flooded, and there being a line nearly out the door, the line moved quick, the owner was super nice and accommodating, and despite having ordered the same thing, it seriously delivered. 
Tried my friend's Huevos, and while her dish was lacking on the salsa fresca/pico, the beans were spot on; really well seasoned. If nothing else, I love how clean this place is compared to other New Orleans establishments. Feels nice.I really liked this cute little spot. I ordered a berry waffle with berries on the side, an order of bacon and an order of potatoes. My waffle was delicious and the potatoes were perfectly seasoned, the bacon was good also. My husband ordered the beast sandwich and potatoes and he said it was very good and all the veggies on it tasted fresh. My friend ordered the meat burrito and he said it was flavorful and filling. It was slightly pricey for breakfast, but the ingredients are good quality so I suppose it's worth it. I was a little grossed out by the padding on the chairs that were full of gross stains. The owners should really look into replacing it with leather or something that can be wiped off. Also, when it was time to order they were out of a lot things already...we came on a Monday around 11am.while in town for jazz fest, we stumbled upon this place thanks to yelp. it was really delicious. everything was so fresh and light and the portions were spot on. I had the migas and we split a cinnamon roll with orange zest. Both were excellent. I especially loved the home made sauce (which we will try to recreate). I highly recommend this place when in the areaI dream of Refuel's grits. I salivate thinking of Refuel's grits. I would walk 500 miles just to eat Refuel's grits. I would sell one of my kidneys just to eat Refuel's grits. If I had a last meal, it'd be Refuel's grits. 
But kidding aside, if you're a local and have yet to try Refuel, go. Now. And order the grits. ( I don't care if you're from the Bywater, Lakeview, Gentilly, or the East. Go make the drive. The Riverbend isn't that far away. It's worth the trip.)
If you're just visiting, you'd be doing a disservice to yourself and everyone else you're traveling with if you didn't take your head that's buried in those tourist guidebooks and take the St. Charles Streetcar all the way to Hampson and S. Carrollton and experience these remarkable grits.
If I had to choose the best place to grab brunch in NOLA, Refuel Cafe would win by far. With their life changing (yes life changing) grits I don't know how any other establishment could compete.
Go. Now! And try a bite of heaven. I'm certain you won't be disappointed.Refuel Cafe has a menu item called the Big Breakfast. It included 3 eggs, sunny side up. 4 pieces of toast. 3 andouille sausages. A hearty handful of russet burbank breakfast potatoes. It was served alongside a large cup of dark roast coffee.
It was yummy. I was satisfied. This is the best breakfast I've had in New Orleans. Go here.Glad to see you guys are still around! I TRIED to go, but ended up in Surreys? Damn. Was too hungry to contiune the search, but am glad to have found Refuel! Will be in soon!Excellent service and creative brunch-style entrees. In a neat part of town. A little pricy but you get your money's worth, portion-wise, so you'll prob have some leftovers for a snack.Our FAVORITE breakfast/brunch spot around our house. The food is always perfect. It's the freshest and very consistent. The atmosphere is awesome too. Very bright, simple, clean, modernish. The prices are great. We have never had a bad meal or a bad experience here and we have been at least a dozen times. And we look forward to going to refuel at least a dozen more times. Best best best! Refuel will always have a special place in my heart.This place is amazing but a little pricey. The decor is very chic and modern. You go up to the counter and order and they bring it out to you. I ordered a spicy chicken salad sandwich that rang up to be $9 if I remember right.
The food and drink that I had was amazing and I was actually quite disappointed that I had finished it all and had to leave! They also have really good smoothies. Just ask!Love Guthrie.  Love what he has done with this place.  Service is friendly and his love for life flows down to his employees' behavior.  I love the look and the 'close to your neighbor' vibe of Refuel.  The food is generally good but a few things have started to slip so I have to ding these in hopes that a later update to this review will be glowing.  Just need to revisit some menu items and I'll revise with a 4 or 5.  I want to keep coming back.
The good:
The eggs were perfect over easy.  The breads are high quality.  Fruit and granola cuos excellent.  Huevos rancheros always consistent.  Oh, yes...the grits are to die for.  Better not to ask about how much cream/butter is in there.
The not so good:
I think that the first sign of quality at a  breakfast place is the potatoes. They're not horrible, but I don't feel like eating them.  They are over seasoned with something like crawfish boil or Chachere's so they're over salty and the potato flavor is overwhelmed.  They're also soggy, maybe from being made in over-large batches , sitting too long, and being served in a cup.  Not greasy, but not crisp.  Little evidence of being on a griddle. ..I think they ARE done on a flat top but not for long... there should be a little crispiness.  Probably over boiled prior to the griddle.  So they seem soggy but feel dry to eat...don't know how they manage that.  I ate a few forkfulls and gave up.  They really need to tighten this up or rethink the recipe.  Should check out the spuds at Toast on Laurel for inspiration.
The andouille is not to my taste.  I love a good sausage, but there are many of us who just can't eat much without our gorge rising if the fat content is too high and this andouille is too fatty.  I ate 2 bites and quit.  Not poor quality, just 2 much fat.
A little review of the menu, some QC efforts, and Refuel will be right back at the top of my list.I like to think I'm a breakfast connoisseur.  This place has blown my mind. Best grits ever, hands down. Best breakfast burrito ever, hands down... Etc etc. It's really a special place to indulge in culinary mastery.This place is a little hard to peg. As a dyed in the wool Surrey's guy, I like that they make a few nervous nudges towards the "crunchier" side of breakfast (the morning glory muffin was exquisite). However, there is also an undercurrant of "hey, we could franchise this operation" and I suspect a few items were squezzed out of a tube from SYSCO. The counter service was friendly but erratic and distracted and the breakfast burrito was a solid "good", no better. The Tulane student & Riverbend neighborhood denizens seemed right pleased.Went back in two weekends ago with my husband. It was around 1:45pm when we arrived and while the Yelp listing had 3pm as closing, the door said 2pm. We walked up to the counter to see the same young lady from my previous review. She didn't greet us and I asked if we were too late because I didn't want to put the kitchen out if they were almost broken down. The response I got was, "No, we close in 15 minutes."
Now, on it's face, it might seem harmless, it's true, they did close in 15 minutes....but it essentially made us feel like we would be rude to order. I understand that this is a touchy subject as far as how long before closing should you stop ordering food. Honestly, I would have been more comfortable with being told the kitchen was shutting down and no longer preparing food. 
The whole situation left a bad taste in my mouth. We love supporting small, local cafes, and I really enjoyed Refuel's food the time before, but even though we live up the street, we won't be back in.I have been to this cafe more times than I can count.
The first year that I lived here I was frequenting this place on the way to school nearly every day.  My trips were for one reason, the AWESOME iced coffee.  Obviously it's a cold drip coffee, it's so delicious I loved it.
Another thing that's awesome here.  The waffles.  They will basically do whatever you want and one of the best things is apples, walnuts, and peanut butter.  SO GOOD! yummy!
It kinda sucks that they close by 2 or 3, but if you like early breakfast than go go, but if you like brunch time they will be super busy and you will have to wait.  Later in the day they tend to start running out of things so make sure and get there early!
They do take credit.  :)I've only been here once but I loved the omelet I got - Baja Omelet. The friend I went with LOVES Refuel so I imagine we will be going back soon. She loves the Huevos Rancheros and that's what I want to try next time. It's a small place, but luckily we didn't have to wait long after placing our order for a table. Definitely going to be one of my go-to spots for brunch.Great omelets and Cuban sandwich. Fresh fruit and delicious coffee. They made my omelet with egg whites with no questions asked.  The atmosphere is crowded and hectic so if u are looking for a relaxing weekend breakfast/brunch this is not the place to go but if can handle the craziness,  the food is definitely worth it. Even though there is no waitstaff, the staff behind the counter and the bus boys were very nice, quick and attentive.Oh my! I can here as it was the highest rated for brunch. Yelp did not do me wrong. I had the Baja omelet with the grits and I was oh so happy with my choice. The grits we're probably some of the best I ever had and the omelet was perfect. The pecan coffee was a perfect partner and the orange juice was amazingly fresh. 
The only reason I didn't give it give stars is bc the girl at the counter was not too welcoming and seemed a little irritated when I didn't know the routine of ordering at the counter and then picking a seat, but the guys who delivered my food to the table and came and took my plate we're really nice. This place is a definite must.Stopped here since Cowbell is closed on Mondays. The food was good but the wait for eggs and bacons seemed out of proportion. Especially considering they were not that busy. And it was expensive. Two breakfasts with coffee for $30?? And it wasn't anything fancy. I had three eggs over easy and bacon. 
The wait staff was super nice!! Definitely recommend for a bite as long as you're not in a rush.Very cute place!! The owner is sweet as pie...Guthrie you are SOOO kind!! My breakfast was the huevos rancheros...delicious...didn't need anything added to it! My boyfriend ate the citrus pork and grits...YYYAASSS!!!!  Great mix of savory and sweet! I love the grits...can't go wrong!! And for my drink unlimited blueberry mint ice tea...quite refreshing!! We'll be back!!Popular brunch spot for a Sunday, but don't worry the line moves and you will get seating. I ordered the brioche French toast which was very good but almost too sweet. It had a wonderful amount of nutmeg that added to the experience. My over easy eggs were perfectly cooked. 
My biggest complaint was about the coffee. I ordered an Americano and it just tasted like regular coffee. No crema and it was handed to me scalding hot. With Americanos, it is best to top it off with a little room temperature or cold water so it isn't so hot.  If I wanted to burn my mouth on burnt coffee I would just go to Starbucks instead.Long wait, but it was packed in there (Thursday morning around 9:30 AM). All the staff members are SUPER nice. They def have the best bowl of grits in the whole damn city. I got the Garden omelette, which has spinach, onion, and tomatoes, and I substituted egg whites for an extra $1. So for $7.95 I got an egg white omelette, toast, and a huge bowl of grits. Add a $2.50 cup of single americano and you have a reasonably priced, delicious, healthy breakfast :-) My friend got some sort of pesto goat cheese avocado croissant concoction which looked divine...Refuel winsEnjoyed breakfast here this morning with my Mom & Daughter! We all got a grit bowl! Grits was great as I expected , crispy bacon and scrumptious biscuit ( not included with bowl). The serving was pretty big so I ended up bringing some home! Yeah... those grits taste good even heating it up in the microwave! Staff was very friendly and courteous.
Will definitely go back for more!!!!The food here is amazing. The breakfast burrito is consistently delicious every time I order it, and the grits are the best grits I've ever had in my life (I'm a New Orleans native, born and raised, if that helps). The waffles are great, especially the Nutella waffle. I miss when they used to do a different chef special each weekend; I was always excited to see what new dishes they came up with. But I understand if continuing it might not have been practical. Depending on what time you go, there might be a long line, but the wait is worth it and tables usually free up pretty fast. The owner is one of the kindest people I've ever met, and the employees are all friendly and welcoming every time I go in. Highly recommended.So the waitress told me EVERYTHING here is organic...so why not advertise that???? All eggs all bacon ...everything. you guys will get more business if you did mention that on the menu and what not. anyways..we decided to eat here as we were passing by , since we were pretty happy with our food last time we were here which was last weekend. we had Baja omelette which was very good, my french toast was great as well.. we skipped beverages since 1. we had our own ...and 2.we didnt like the coffee or the juice last time we tried here...really kind of terrible. but overall I am a fan!!:) so happy to have found a place that serves organic and delicious food!!Great food made fresh. I had the big breakfast and it's so good. Nothing fancy but fresh, hot, and creamy grits, crispy bacon, toast, and 3 eggs just how I like them.  Added a side of fresh OJ and I feel like a kid and my mom just made me Sunday morning breakfast. 
This place is quickly becoming a weekly trip.The grits are thick, coarse, and super creamy.  A bit too thick for my liking but still tasty. The breakfast burrito was just as delicious as the BEST sandwich but $30 for 2 (small) burritos with grits and 2 coffees, is bit outrageous.  
I'm in love with refuel and my wallet hates me.Came here for Sunday brunch and was not disappointed! I had a tasty breakfast burrito and spied another table having the belgium waffle piled high with fresh berries that I'm remembering for next time. It was very crowded on a Sunday at 11:15 am, so I think it'll be worth showing up a little earlier next time.Came here on a Sunday at 1:30 pm, and was greeted by a closed sign and an employee shaking their head. If you advertise that you serve brunch until 2pm, don't close a half hour early. We went and had brunch at Ignatius.One of the best breakfasts I have had in NOLA. They have a great selection of iced teas and I tried the blueberry mint iced tea which was fantastic!
I also ordered the huevos rancheros after I saw all the great reviews on them and couldn't agree any more with everyone else. It was a great dish and the black beans were terrific. I got the grits on the side and I loved them. I haven't had grits at many other places to compare but this was damn good..
The ambiance was great though it was crowded and seating space is limited, but the owner came around and conversed with everyone, which was a nice touch.
this place is a must try for breakfast!The service was Ahmazing! The Meat burrito was delicious and served with great sauce!! The ambiance is real chill! I recommended this place to anyone visiting New Orleans or who lives in the city!I had the best breakfast experience at Refuel Cafe recently. 
Awesome people - The girl at the counter that took our order was cheerful, friendly and patient...everything you could want from someone taking down your breakfast order. She spoke with excitement about the food and was right on point with her recommendations. 
I ordered the veggie breakfast burrito which was pressed to make the wrap nice and toasty. The ranchero sauce is delicious and and feel free to be liberal with those dunks because its made from greek yogurt so its totally healthy. Win! 
Please allow me to write a separate paragraph about the grits. As I wipe away a tear from my eye just thinking about the creamy consistency that one only gets from a grit after whisking for an hour an a half. The owner explained it's a true, "labor of love" and you can tell he loves his customers because he only serves food that is delicious and fresh. 
I can see myself becoming a regular at Refuel for the fun and friendly people, the bright interior with natural sunlight pouring in from every direction, the oversize mug with fresh brewed coffee, and lets not forget the food, ehem, grits.Simply, this place is great. I am a huge grits snob. So, after time and time again reading how great the grits were, I decided to make my trip. It is a quaint joint with sleek, cool, modern paintings on the walls. I ordered the breakfast platter, which was fantastic. And the grits? Yes, other worldly. Like, how can't my grits come out like that?? I was almost done eating and noticed a small piece of hair. They brought me an entire new plate. Now that, my friend, is fantastic service...and fantastic grits!Went for my 21st birthday celebration for breakfast. The vibe in this place is beyond pleasant! The workers are kind and helpful with your choice. The owner is the absolute sweetest and down to earth. If I could eat here every day I would. Everything is fresh and delicious!I went for Sunday brunch, and i thought it was a nice casual breakfast spot. Their grits are amazing, I am not a grits fan, but I had read so many rave reviews that I had to try, and they did not let me down. I got the Huevos Rancheros, which were fine, but my friend got the B.E.S.T. sandwich (Bacon Egg Spinach(?) Tomato) and it looked amazing, so that is what I am going to try on my next visit. Coffee was good as well.
Cool atmosphere, not too many tables, but we did not have to wait for one.Delicious! We were ending our New Orleans trip and I decided to go to the first place Yelp offered for brunch in the city. I had the special for the day, free range chicken and grits. The chicken had a lemon sauce on it that was wry good & the grits were creamy and had a delicious subtle flavor. Jack got the Cobb salad with the blue cheese dressing (he said it was good, it disappeared so quickly I didn't take the chance to try it). We both enjoyed mine. 
The service was excellent! The girls at the counter were very helpful in helping me decide between two dishes. And the busboy made sure we had menus quickly and kept the entire restaurant amazingly clean. The tables were pretty much cleared before the patron was out the door.  
I'll recommend this place to anyone visiting NoLa.Good place for Sunday morning breakfast. The staff (some owners?) were extremely friendly and the whole place has a laid-back feel about it.
Coffee is good here, as is just about everything for breakfast. Closes at 2 and closed on Mondays. Worth a visit if you're in the area, or visiting the Universities.I mean... The breakfast burrito... Add guac and Swiss... I called my grandfather and told him about it but he didn't care because he lives in Shreveport.Nice cafe located in Riverbend. Great ambience. Clean. Friendly service. The owner was there when we came in and took order. Food was excellent and came out in a timely manner. Will definitely be back.Their grits keep me coming back every time, no matter the wait (which could be thirty min or so).Refuel is a great place for breakfast or brunch. Refuel also serves nice sandwiches and salads but I typically visit for brunch. I love the atmosphere at Refuel- modern yet extremely comfortable. Even though it is small, it seems cozy, not cramped.
I found myself at Refuel today after Panola Street Café had a line out the door. I was fortunate and had perfect timing at Refuel. There was a short line and several available tables. The kitchen is amazingly fast, so the tables turn quickly. 
Today I chose the huevos rancheros- corn tortillas and cheese topped with black beans, fried eggs, avocado, crema, and the perfect amount of pico de gallo. It is served with your choice of side AND toast. I was craving grits, and Refuel's are very good- creamy and flavorful. Everything was perfectly prepared, using the freshest ingredients. I appreciate that Refuel uses house-made vegan black beans. The portions are generous yet not overwhelming.
The prices for breakfast/brunch are moderate- $15 for huevos rancheros, grits, and iced coffee- but considering the quality and amount of food, Refuel is a good value.I love refuel.  Seriously, I think everything on the menu is fresh delicious.  I've never had a bad experience here.  I do wish it were full service though.  Finding a table can be a pain, I've even seen some altercations over a table. 
the BEST is THE BEST.  I want one right meow.Can't say too much. I got a plain waffle and it was good. My friend got the cheese omelet and said it was good.The Southern Pecan coffee is incredible. I don't usually drink a lot of coffee but could easily put away 3 mugs of this elixir without a second thought. 
The special of the day was Pork 'n Grits: pulled pork with a bit of jalapeño, each over easy and grits. Fantastic!This quaint place is owned by a close friend of a close friend, so I reserved judgement when they EACH told me (at different times) that they serve "the world's best grits"; and, admittedly, not being from the Sourh, this statement doesn't mean as much to me as it does to them. Well, after having tried the gris, if they aren't 'the world's best', they've gotta be pretty darned close!! OMG! If my stomach hadn't been upset prior to arriving there, I would've ordered seconds!!
The fresh fruit bowl was exactly that...FRESH! Half an orange, several blueberries and strawberries, and the largest blackberries! Literally, without a doubt, the best and freshest fruit bowl I have EVER had from a restaurant!
There is so much more I can add...such as, how bright and friendly Guthrie (the owner) is - I liked him from the first second we spoke - But you are your own best judge, so go try the place out for yourself. Those folks who left poor reviews, clearly, were either at the wrong place or they went on a RARE 'bad day'! I'm a Foodie to my core and would recommend Refuel to ANYONE!Excellent! My husband and I love finding good breakfast places and this one is on the top of our list now. Great food, wonderful service. I had the traditional breakfast sandwich on a biscuit with a side of freshly cut fruit, and my husband had the kitchen sink grits bowl. We can be pretty picky, but both were perfect. We also ordered some espresso drinks which we were very pleased with. 
The only thing that took away from our experience was out of the restaurant's control. A family with young children who came in after us and allowed their kids to bang the silverware together and cause beyond average noise and continuously spill things and yell. But the restaurant staff remained calm and courteous throughout. 
We will definitely be returning and recommending our friends try this place out.Really good breakfast food and the portions are appropriate (not too big). My only issue is the price, but you get what you pay for. Quality ingredients cost money. So save up and enjoy. 
Okay, the applewood smoked bacon in my Baja Omelette was not crispy, but they made up for it with tons of avocado!
I'm not a fan of grits, at all, but having read the reviews I gave them a shot. These grits are damn good. Barely had to add butter and salt to make them way more than palatable.Trip back home from NYC, stopped by with the kids for breakfast.  Had the waffles, Cuban sandwich, the best sandwich and the iced coffee.  Everything was delicious.  Reminded me of breakfast place in nyc.  The owner stopped by, very friendly guy.  Ended up coming back and grabbing breakfast the next day.  Our six year olds wants to come back again tomorrow and I think we will.  Definitely recommended.These breakfast joints in NOLA!  They just are not doing it for me.  Refuel is a nice place to study or work, but the food is just ok.
My omelet had no great flavor and was dry and my potatoes have been undercooked and/or not flavorful.  Bummer.
Service is nice and coffee taste good.  I am giving it 3 because most breakfast joints in this town serve the same non-committal boring tasting breakfast food.Yelp never disappoints! This place was absolutely incredible, all the way from the food, design, to the service. Hands down the best grits I've ever eaten! The staff is so friendly and the place was full of locals- pretty sure we were the only tourists in the joint. We will absolutely be coming back!It had been almost a year since my first visit, but I often find myself telling others about it.  The restaurant is quaint and personable. The grits plate is my favorite dish here.  I have never had the opportunity to be so creative with a bowl of ground corn, but Refuel takes it to another level.
I will definitely not wait as long to go back again.Breakfast is my favorite. Ever. And Refuel did not disappoint. The plan was to go to that diner place around the corner--whasit called?--but the line was long and hardly seemed worth it.
Refuel was around the corner and we got in right away. I had the strawberry croissant french toast and it was delicious. Coffee was perfectly dark and perfectly wonderful. (And the choice of half-and-half or other milks is just one of those perks that make my perc perk!) I stole a few bites of the grits and although that's not something I'd ordinarily order, they were delicious.
I ate everything on my plate and didn't feel guilty about it. It's not those huge servings that we've grown accustomed to.
If I were Uptown again, I'd definitely put in a bid to go back here.Great breakfast spot. Got the Baja Omelet, had a tasty homemade rachero sauce and avocado always a plusss+++~~ the people were friendly and seemed happy to be there. NIIICE.Delicious, fresh ingredients. Healthy choices. Great atmosphere. Had the goat cheese BLT and my friend had the Clubhouse on sourdough!I'm from LA and this restaurant just wasn't up to par with other breakfast places I've been to. The service was terrible. They tend to serve quickly so when my family had already waited over half an hour I decided to complain and ask where our food was. They shrugged me off and said it would be out in a minute. After another 15 mins still no food. I complained once more, but was more demanding. One of the servers came up to us and told us that the receipt for our food did not go through so we then had to wait another 15 minutes to finally get our food. When we finally received our food and tried it, it honestly was not that grate. Too much hype over this place. Would've preferred a local IHOP.I'm giving Refuel 5 stars because of their grits. Pretty much the best in the city. The brunch options could range a little more, however, I'm always pleased with my meal.The food is incredible and so is the service! Paige is the best! I had the Southwest burrito which was incredible and fresh fruit as my side. My friend had the French toast with eggs which was also phenomenal. Definitely will be back!Great Sunday morning brunch. Had the BEST sandwich (it's called that) and some fruit, which was high quality and delicious. The sandwich wasn't too think, which was perfect. Another member of my party had a bagel, which isn't your traditional bagel, just so you're aware. The only problem is the wait-- there's not much table room, so you have to think on your feet when a table is open.Love this place! Tried it for the first time yesterday and I will definitely  be back!!!!! The staff and owner are all friendly! Try the waffle with Nutella and strawberries!!I think I ought to give this place another shot for breakfast. I went with my coworkers for lunch one day. I got a BLT and was hungry again in a couple of hours. This is probably my fault for eating like a football player when I am a petite Asian girl, but if you ask me, this is not the place if you're looking for a filling lunch. One of my coworkers also said that he was still hungry when we left.
The setup was really cute though. And I wish I had tried one of their pastries. I'll probably go back.