I just had the trio that was an appetizer that was amazing. Also I try there pizza it all really good.My review is primarily about delivery and customer service.  
Delivery.
I have attempted (by myself and with friends/family) to have Reginelli's delivered to my house on four separate occasions in the last year.  The first time it came within the stated time frame and was ok, so we continued to order.  The last three times I've ordered Reginelli's they always say that delivery will be about 45 minutes (thats ok) but when the hour mark occurs I usually give them a call to ask as to the status of my order.  They always say, "We're sorry, we suddenly got really busy, its on its way."  (This wasn't on a weekend, holiday or Mardi Gras, so go figure about the sudden rush)
...
My pizza finally arrived somewhere around the 2 hr mark and was stone cold (all three times).  The first time I called them back to complain and the lady on the phone basically said, "We're sorry, we'll replace it but it will be at least hour and a half before we get it to you."   The last two times, I didn't even bother to call.  
If a pizza delivery comes late once, thats understandable, it does happen, but when it happens three times with the same company then its time to call someone else.Food was ok got the pizza and ordered some soup but whoever made my soup heated it up so hot it melted through the cup and and wasn't to pleasantYeah yeah yeah. Great pizza, great food, etc. But that's not what's important here. On Monday and Tuesday nights Reginelli's sells TWO DOLLAR pitchers of Abita Amber (with the purchase of some food, of course). This, coupled with the pictures of vintage Vespas on the wall make this the best choice in pizza parlors.Reginelli's is a great little pizzeria with a convenient location in Uptown. Their small pizza is portioned perfectly for one if you've built up an appetite whether it be for a casual dinner or a late night outing. Personally, I go for the shrimp pesto pizza with honey Dijon dipping sauce for the crust. Most recently I gave their tiramisu a shot and was very impressed.Awesome place to hangout with friends.
Great Pizza with Great ingredients.
Excellent staff and service.
I will just highlight the pepperoni pizza.
The cheese was gooey. The pepperoni crispy. The Dough cook through and firm Great crust that had the great golden brown of bread. Sometimes burnt, but meh.Maybe it was a carryout issue that left us cold. But unless you are eating pizza or are eating in the  sandwich and pasta dishes disappoint. The big turnoff was that the artichoke dip is awful and the toastpoints for dipping were stale not crunchy or crisp or fresh. 
The bar area needed a good wipedown, at least that is what I saw when I picked up my food.They started with a new menu yesterday so I tried something different.  The Italian Salami salad was awesome - artichokes, walnuts, salami, parmesan, and tomato salad.  So good.  Had some garlic knots as an app which was a really good combination.  I like how cozy that location is.  The server was super sweet.  Will definitely go back.With pizza it seems to come down to the question of what is the most important feature of a pizza?  For me, I love the crust, for me it needs to be soft and fluffy.  If the crust is right then good quality cheese and good toppings will make a fantastic pizza.
Reginelli's gets this just right for me.  One of my favorite pizzas is the sun pie, a specialty pizza with plenty of veggies and a pesto base.  I have tried several of the specialty pizzas and I have enjoyed all of them.  
They also have several locations around the city and all of them are consistently delicious.Reginelli's is on one of the busiest streets in New Orleans and has limited outdoor seating, which I found to be disappointing, but my friends and I ended up outside and in the sun.  We started with a hummus appetizer, and it really was outstanding. It was a perfect sized app, with yummy triangles of pita bread. 
I had a salad, which was okay. It was the asparagus and avocado salad, but it wasn't loaded with anything other then lettuce.  The downtowner sandwich was awesome!  It was loaded with everything! From olive pesto to ham, and then toasted.  The calzones were absolutely humongous, and stuff to the maximum with mozzarella and tomato sauce. MM good.
The pizza's looked great, but no one at my table ordered a pizza. That was a little faulty, but we all ended up with a few good dishes.My fiancé and I ordered a pepperoni pizza from Reginellis last night and it was just perfect! We will definitely be coming back to explore their menu a bit more but I can definitely say  their pizza is freaking delicious and their prices are great too.Baxter's Tomato Basil Soup. 
We don't even bother to go on Friday, Saturday or Sunday, when it's not available. (They have Corn and Crawfish Bisque. It's good, whatever. It's not Baxter's Tomato Basil Soup.) I don't know what it is, but there are some days in the week when I just need a bowl of that soup or I might not survive. Whoever Baxter is, he's got a damn good cup of soup. 
Also the Chicken Salad is amazing, and so are all the salads and the sandwiches and pasta and pizza-- everything is really good. I feel like the prices are mediocre and the decor is mediocre-- in fact, it would be a mediocre restaurant if it weren't for the extremely friendly and professional staff (we love Whitney and Claire) and the great food. 
It's all about the Magazine location for James and I, but the other ones are probably just as good.I've ordered here several times and the person on the phone always sounds confused. It's almost as if I always happen to call when someone is training. Lo and behold, our order is usually incorrect. I've switched to Amici for my around-the-corner pizza fix.My girlfriend and I stopped in here last night, expecting the normal Reginelli's awesomeness. The food was fine, but this location has greatly changed since the last time I've been. I normally go to the State St Reginelli's, but since moving further downtown this location is more convenient to me.
We should have left the moment we went to go sit near the window and there was a SWARM of flies near the table. Blech. We decided to sit in a booth, which was still dirty from the last customers, but we didn't have much of a choice since most of the tables were either dirty, still had plates on them, or were occupied.
Another thing I noticed was that this location was very dark. Maybe I hadn't noticed it before because I had only come during the day? I don't know. At this point, my GF and I had already sat down and ordered our drinks so we decided to stay, but we felt very uncomfortable.
The combination of the darkness, dirtiness, and flies everywhere made me scarf down my pizza just so we could get the hell out of there. Like I said, our food was fine, but next time I am craving Reginelli's I will make sure to go to the State St location even if they chronically mess up my take out orders, they always get it right when I dine in.It's good pizza, no question. One of the better options in NOLA. I can't say I've eaten in the restaurant much, but they deliver across the city from a couple different locations so that's a very good thing. Quality can absolutely be inconsistent - don't expect the "A" team during Mardi Gras for instance - but most of the time we've been happy with a good, tasty product. Delivery is usually in a reasonable timeframe and the only thing I would worry about is using their app for a "half & half" pizza order which it turns out overcharges you significantly. The website doesn't, just the phone app.  Lesson learned.
It's good, it's local, and I'll order from here again but with other good options such as That's Amore now in the area it looks like Reginelli's won't likely be our go-to pizza delivery place anymore.It is pizza and they serve beer.  Nothing too special but can hit the spot.  It is chain which knocks it down in my opinion.  That being said I still eat it a couple times a year because will hit the spot.Delicious food,  generously portioned. I certainly appreciate the "off the beaten path" pizza specials. I highly recommend the smokin' chicken pizza. The pancetta and green onions just take it to the next level. Even the picky eater,  aka the husband, enjoyed it. 
Equally tasty is the fresconon vegetarian pizza (he wouldn't try that one though). Nice big chunks of artichokes and the tomatoes had a nice char from the oven, lending a nice burst of sweetness to each bite. Just yummy.
They have a good grasp on balancing the amount of each topping just right. Not too much of any one thing and it all works together. The salads are also enjoyable as is the spinach and artichoke dip. Will be back for more soon. ....got my eye on the saltimbocca for next time. 
Oh and delivery was incredibly fast. The food was so hot I had to let it cool. Made for a nice crust. Crunchy outside, soft and pillowy on the inside. Hope it stays consistent.Little by little we are eating our way through all of the pizza joints in New Orleans. We chose Reginelli's based on the recommendation of a few trusted friends, native to the area.
The recommendation was to choose Reginelli's if we wanted thin crust pizza. Well, we wanted thin crust pizza so we picked up the phone and ordered takeout.
The pizza was ready pretty quickly and I'm happy to say that our friends were right. The thin crust pizza is out of this world. We appreciated the nontraditional options considering we really weren't in the mood for simple pepperoni. There are plenty of artisanal choices and can I say arugula is really good on pizza! Who would have thunk it?
We will definitely be eating more Reginelli's in the future!Awesome sandwiches!  Definitely one of the best I've ever had. Possibly even the best. Try the "the uptowner" sandwich.
Great service too.
If it were closer to downtown, I would have had a very tough time not eating lunch there every day during my one week visit.This is such a fun place too eat.  Here are some of my favorites.
Appetizers:  
Bread sticks (yummy comes with a tangy sauce that is red and delicious)
Focaccia (also quite delicious, similar to the bread sticks but with spices added on top)
Hummus (good, not the most amazing that I've ever had, but good)
Garlic sauce thing (I can't remember the name but it is really tasty)
Soup of the day I think it's the crab chowder, if they have it, get it!  It's so good!!
Salads:
Chicken salad, I really love this salad it's more than plenty for a meal so don't worry.  It comes with apples, and nuts and the dressing is a vinaigrette that is just right!    
Pastas:
Both of the baked tortelinnis are such a treat!  I prefer the pesto but both are worth a try.   
Pizza's:
I don't have a preference and if I do order a pizza I get peppers and onions and have yet to ever have a bad experience with it here.  Very good!
GO you will enjoy it!  :)
OH and I've been to all of the locations.3.5/5 neighborly
so this is my neighborhood reginelli's, and i'd say whenever i've needed it (examples: late, drunk), it has been there. and yeah, the menu is standard. but you know, i'm still always slightly pleased when that fancy hummus spread comes out, i mean come on, pita triangles! 
so really, the thing that probably makes me a fan has been the service. it's pretty genuine for what it is. it's like, yeah, we know we're a pizza joint, so you're gonna get pizza joint service, but good pizza joint service. they've been chill when i've walked in with drinks from outside, have been accommodating when we've needed tables mashed together, knowledgeable and patient when our drunk butts are indecisive past 10pm, etc. etc. so for that alone, i'll gladly consume their specific carbs. and i'm generally happy with the one that has the capers on it, the calzones are oddly satisfying, and the vegetarian sandwich is pretty tasty as well!
like a good neighbor, reginelli's is probably within reasonable distance and will take your money in exchange for cheese and bread.The pizza here was good, the price for a pitcher of beer ($7, even on big event nights) was even better.  I found the staff to be very friendly each of the three times we were here, and I though the crust was particularly good.  There was always a diverse mix of people here and outdoor patio was a big hit.  The pizza might not be worth making a detour for, but if you are walking to or from the Superdome and you want some solid pizza and cheap beer this is your place.Reginelli's is okay, but that's not what I'm here to talk about.
The more I think about it, the more I realize that the Home Alone and Lethal Weapon franchises killed Joe Pesci's career in the long term, although he probably made a hefty pay day on all of those films in the short term. I just miss angry tough guy Joe Pesci. Just a thought.some of the best pizza in new orleans.  The sandwiches rule, too.  the pics of vespas are stupid.  i don't care if its italian or not, its stupid.  the magazine and state street store is the best.We ended up at Reginelli's based on suggestions from some of J's friends. We were being very indecisive and our first option was closed for lunch on the weekend so we ended up here. I'm glad we did because we enjoyed some great food!
It was a beautiful day and so we sat outside to enjoy our meal. When a screen-printed cardboard box top was placed in front of me as my menu I was sold. I thought this menu was an ingenious idea, and also very creative. Our server was a little flighty, but hey!, we all have our days. Since I've been in the industry I won't hold that against her. She was super patient with us considering it probably took us 20 minutes to figure out what we wanted. We did order 2 appetizers in the mean time. We enjoyed the Caprese Salad which featured layers of fresh water mozzarella, roma tomato and sliced cucumber served with balsamic basil oil. The cucumber completely makes this appetizer! I will forever want cucumber on my caprese salads now. It gave it an extra refreshing zing! We also had the Porta New Orleans which is a Portabella mushroom cap baked on flakey pastry crust with sweet caramelized onions, chopped pancetta and grated fontina cheese - I didn't try this because of the pancetta but everyone raved about it. Needless to say, we ate all of the appetizers. We finally decided to build our own pizzas. We split 2 10" pies. The crust is awesome and there are so many topping choices the possibilities are endless. I would really like to try a few of their specialty pies. 
We had a great experience. Our server provided us with great service and she even let us "steal" a Reginelli's pint glass. MAJOR bonus points!Hummus Pitaco, amazing
Muffelata, Lauren's favorite in the city
Pizzas, Really well done!
We love the food here, but to be honest we always take it to go and eat it next door at the bulldog where we can relax on the patio with our dog. The beer at Reginelli's has been kind of warm every time we've gotten it here but at that bulldog it's perfect! We also love getting delivery to our house!I used to hate on Reginelli's when I first frequented. It was as if the more my roommate suggested it, the more I felt frustrated that their crust was like a delicious bread roll at Thanksgiving that you just can't turn down, despite having eaten 1,000 other things in 10 minutes. I would go, I'd get one of the same three types of pies, and I'd still say, "I'll always like thin, simple pizza better." 
If you can't beat 'em, join 'em?! I adore a Reginelli's pie any day of the week. Thank goodness for being hungry solo that one Monday night; I branched out and tried their focaccia Dream State (sub panchetta for portabella?! yes, please). It lived up to it's name, and I reason to say that it's not just because of the $2 pitcher that I started. On another note, they're open later than most other places in the area, and that's real nice when you need it most.What you have to understand is that Reginelli's makes artisan pizza/food. It isn't where you go to/order from expecting some processed, plain old boring, food. You have to be willing to try something new to enjoy the place (assuming you don't already eat artisan food).
Their hummus is really inconsistent, but it's good. I think it comes with olives on it, but you don't need them. You can also ask to have the pita toasted lightly or not at all. They're chips after being toasted. I prefer the soft, fluffy, moist pita.
The salads aren't too big or too small, depending upon how much you eat.
For delivery; if your food comes late, 9 times out of 10, it isn't the delivery driver's fault. There's only one slow driver there. The rest know the area VERY well and are very fast and efficient.
ALSO! THESE DELIVERY DRIVERS DO NOT HAVE THEIR GAS PAYED FOR BY THE RESTAURANT! They get paid minimum wage and that's it. "No delivery charge" doesn't mean "Don't tip." They truly depend on those tips, help them out if you think they're polite and deserve it.
They'll usually call you to let you know they're outside or near your house, which is nice because you don't have to sit by the door.
I like this place because you can get creative with your pizzas and the cooks will comply! They enjoy the challenge, I think. There's a lot of options and you can customize however you want! I heard that once they made a pizza sandwich? Like a customer requested two pizzas put together like a sandwich. Sounds awesome to me, haha.
I recommend Reginelli's, for sure. You can either have the food delivered in a timely manor, fresh out of a nice hot pizza bag with nice cold drinks on top. Or you can dine in and sit outside and people watch on your laptop with your dog. I've never sat inside. But it's Magazine street, there's a lot of stuff going on around there and lots of things to do before/after you eat.This was one night where we wanted to get out of the house and the night called for pizza. It's a kid friendly environment so my 16 year old niece was able to accompany my husband and I. The service was fast and the waitress was friendly. When we arrived, the place was pretty empty but as it got later more people came in. There's a bar inside which is great and the large windows allow you great street views. Parking was kind of hectic, so we parked in the nearby Walgreens' parking lot. We started with the garlic knots which were delicious and then came the pizza....perfection!!! We'll definitely be back.They're delicious, reasonably priced, and the renovated facility on State Street looks awesome.  Can't wait to watch a Saint's game there.Oooh, Reginelli's, I crave you on a regular basis. I have never ever had a bad meal here. Been to both the Magazine and the State St. locations. The pizza's are good, not great (I'm used to NY pizza), sandwiches are delicious and HUUUUGE, tomato basil soup is bomb, pastas are VERY VERY rich and usually good portions.
Their tiramisu is good, too.
You really can't go wrong with Reginelli's!
The only problem I have: DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT order delivery from the State St. location. They have messed up my order every. single. time. It got to the point where I only pick up from there now, and they STILL always mess up my order!
However, the food is too good to not eat, so I deal with picking up my food and correcting them sometimes one or two times until I get my order.The cheese stix were amazing, the blend of cheeses was perfect! We got the Mediterranean and the Classic Combo pizzas, both delicious! Great friendly waitress as well. Great pit stop on Magazine Street if you are looking to get out of the heat and enjoy good food!Below is  a home delivery review:
Two pizzas: one meat, one veggie combo
Delivery time: 45 minutes
Delivery distance: approx. 1/2 mile
Crust: thin, chewy
Toppings: on the sparse side, but tomato sauce was almost absent, so a few more drabs of basil or onion, or CHEESE wouldn't have ruined the crust.
Now, I've had sauce-less pizza (clam being my favorite) before, but this was just odd. It's popular with my friends, so I can't wait to eat there and experience the crappy service written about by other Yelpers!Really like this place. I usually am the type of person who gets the plain ol pepperoni, but my friend convinced me to get the El Fresco pizza and it was awesome! It had this garlic herb sauce (not the traditional red sauce), motz cheese, tomatoes, spinach, mushrooms and feta cheese. I did pick a few shrooms off, but the pizza had so much flavor I couldn't really taste the ones I did eat. Im not a mushroom lover. Will deff. go back!compete's with Slice as best pie in town!  The Dream State was also very, very good and you honestly can't beat $2 pitchers every Tues.The food is really good; and, it is delivered fast. 
I'm sorry to share that I found a very long hair in my food and therefore won't be ordering again.Review for my first delivery order.
Hot Trio Plate - deeelicious! Could be 5 star if they put the dips in containers rather than aluminum foil.
Dream State Sandwich - also terrific. Would be 5 star if you could taste the goat cheese. Better to not put the goat cheese in the description, than to put it in and put so little on the sandwich that it seems nonexistent. Still, the veggies, bread, and balsamic are yummy.
Order taker - polite, engaged, got the order right. Can't ask for more.
Delivery - faster than promised. The young man was polite and cuter than a monkey holding a kitten.
Overall value - when I can get a meal for two delivered on a Sunday that tastes this good and arrives this quickly for under $20 (not including tip), I'm a very happy camper.Strolling Magazine Street supporting my wife's credit card habit in all the shops, boutiques, and antique malls.  Came across Reginelli's and decided to give it a try.  We were greeted with a smile and an exceptionally clean restaurant.  We decided to stay and try the pizza.  It turned out to be a great choice.
Sitting at the bar we were greeted and served by Mathys.  A young and friendly bartender that truly enjoyed his job.  He mixed up a delectable "Cucumber Basil Lemonade".  Refreshing, and the perfect choice for a warm New Orleans afternoon. 
We had a pizza topped with a garlic white sauce, three types of mushrooms, and wilted arugula.  The staff was happy to add chicken to half of the pizza to satisfy my carnivorous appetite. The crust was perfect and the ingredients created a fresh and flavorful lunch experience.  
Their menu includes a selection of appetizers and sandwiches as well.  Next time I will be faced with the difficult decision of trying something new or going back to what I have already enjoyed.
Excellent food and great service from Mathys was a winning combination!The service was very slow, taking forever for our apps and food to come out. Food is pretty decent, large portions, vegetarian options. We waited quite a while for our bill and then even longer for them to swipe the cards. Won't be back.Some friends and I stopped in here one night because they were in the mood for some good pizza.  I had been here years ago, but not so much lately.
For an appetizer, we decided on the hummus and pita.  It wasn't as good as you would get a place like Byblos, but it definitely hit the spot and got the job done.  My friends got a sausage pizza, which looked great and I got a muffaletta that was also really good.  The service was excellent and the staff was friendly.
I would definitely stop in here when I was looking for a quick bite..We love this place.  Nice stop on our long walk down Magazine.  First daughter says Meatball sandwich is "Amaze-balls".  Second daughter didn't realize she liked crawfish until the crawfish pizza.  Good beer selection.  Waitress has entertsining accent.  Great lunch stop.My friends and I went here after a looooooong day of wandering the city and I thought it was great.   It was just what I needed after pretty much losing hope in the service at any restaurant in the French Quarter.  The pizza was delish and my panini was pretty damn good as well.  Bonus, was that they didn't  hate on us b/c we came in 10 minutes before closing.  Made sure to give an awesome tip to make up for it.  Would definitely go again.Came here twice over the weekend, sat and sun!
gooood goood goooood.  caprese salad was fantastic with the tangy basil basamic vinegarette.  house salad is delicious as well with their sweet and addicting dressing.  OMG pizza was fantastic!
calzones are huge and bigger than most ppls stomachs.   and thats sayin somethin if you know what most folks body types are down here...
baked polenta was lacking.  pancetta cream sauce with shrimp was delicious!  it was warm and not too creamy but with enough kick of spices...the polenta was too mushy and tasted like cornbread jello covered w/ that delectable sauce....
good place to relax and hang out and share!  sharing is most def caring.Give these guys props for home town creativity. Gumbo pizza is a stand out. Quality food. Better sauce would make it 5 stars but none the less a great meal.Great meal, very lovely waitress although I think she had the impression my friend and I were gay! 
Great pizza and especially loved the Oreo beignets and caramel gelato!!The only reason I ever checked this place out was at the behest of a few of my friends. The service was very, very slow. When I finally got the pizza It wasn't very good. It was actually cold. The food was also outrageously priced also. I ended up taking said pizza and feeding it to my neighbors dog. Most expensive dog food I ever bought.I love their pizza. It tastes fresh, and although unique, delicious!  Delivery is always reliably fast and courteous.I've always heard the radio commercials and been wanting to try Reginelli's. I must say my wife and I were very pleased with the pizza and the staff.Okay, I'm not trying to brag but I have eaten a lot of pizza in my life. I consider myself a bit of a pizza aficionado. A pizza enthusiast, if you will. All of that to say, you should trust me when I tell you Reginelli's is some of the best pizza in the entire US of A. 
Located in a really fun part of town, near the garden district, Reginelli's is a stop I make sure to schedule in every time I visit NOLA. The pizzas are just so. good. And the super inexpensive pitchers of beer can't be beat!
The servers are always incredible friendly and helpful, but still chill enough to never be overbearing. 
If you're gonna eat at Reginelli's, get one of their specialty pizzas. Live it up. I recommend the Gumbo Pizza with my entire being. It's one of the best things I've ever eaten in my entire life. Topped with loads of veggies, andouille sausage, crawfish, and the perfect blend of creole seasonings, this pizza is the stuff my dreams are made of. (Yes, I dream of pizza. You don't? Psh.)
Grab a large pizza or two to split with friends and some pitchers of delicious local beer and you're in for a really good night! Just, be wary of food comas. The post-pizza nap is strong with this one.I don't know if it can take any longer to produce a Calzone even if I was being intentional.  Unless you have a few hours to spare for lunch, there are far too many other places in the area with solid food, friendly service that take significantly less time.You wouldn't believe it by walking by, but Reginelli's offers some great tasting pizza. Their crust is just right. It's not too thin, to crispy, to thick, too chewy. It's just right. I don't know why it just seems like a mediocre place from lookin around- but it is So Good.
They have a great list of speciality pizzas like the shrimp/chicken pesto (not my fav but sounds good) and the mediterranean. But what I like is that you can create your own pizza from a huge list of toppings.
I counted 36 toppings they offer!! 36 toppings to choose from! Whatever you do, get the fresh basil on top, they shred a huge load of basil and it makes the pizza mmmm.
Oh yah, there's also pastas, appetizers (hummus, spinach/artichoke dip, garlic spread, baked brie calzone- sorry i love all of these), calzones, focaccia and pita sandwiches.  
Since I live so close by it's really convenient for takeout. And the takeout has always been fast and convenient! The inside is sparcely decorated in "italian" style. nothing great. But definitely a solid 4 stars for staff attitude, cleanliness, speediness, and mmm factor.I don't know how they make their pizza so freaking good but they are the bomb. Even their plain cheese pizza is exceptional. Loved this place. The Crawfish Boil pizza is a highlight.I ordered this one evening while watching football, the pasta with shrimp was quite good.Obviously, I'm torn about Reginelli's. 
We order delivery, and the delivery guy is out of this world. He is our saviour. He has brought us food, straight from the gods. He forgot the drinks? He came back with them. Our food was big heap delicious. We fell into happy food comas, dreaming of dancing Hummus Pitacos and spinach artichoke dip. 
But we eat in? Service is the slowest I've seen in the city. Ouch. Server looks out of it, like she just walked into a wall and she's still seeing stars. Oops. Food for two takes a full 60 minutes to show up during a quiet lunch hour on a Friday. Food is forgettable. (I know I had food that tasted fine and didn't make me sick, but I don't remember what.) 
So how can Reginelli's manage to be the be-all-end-all delivery place while delivering such mediocre dine-in service? No clue. I think it's clear how I'll enjoy my Reginelli's in the future. 
Accessibility notes: Fully accessible for mobility devices. No TDD/TTY for delivery. Physical location gets very loud. High counter. No braille menu or signage.In the month we've lived here for vacation we have had pizza twice and calzone from Reginelli's. All very good!!I used to live in the neighborhood and would frequent this location at least every other week. I have moved recently and decided to order in the usuals - Eat Fit hummus and my specialty calzone. The food arrived on time but the calzone had no cheese (although ordered with two kinds) and I received a container full of stale, cold pita bread, cucumber that was soggy and discolored, green apple slices turned brown, and no hummus! When I called, I was told nothing could be done since the driver had left. The service started to go downhill a month or so before I left the neighborhood but this is a new low! Will not consider eating or ordering from here again.This is the closest location of this local area chain to my house and the one I've been to the most often.  The food is "ok" here but it definitely isn't anywhere close to my preferred pizza spot.  They have other items like sandwiches that are also passable but once again not my favorite.  My main attraction to this place is that on Monday & Tuesday they have super cheap $2 pitchers of beer and on Wednesdays $10 bottles of wine!  Without the drink specials I would NEVER come here.Stopped here for lunch while spending the afternoon in the Garden/Magazine area. I chose the Petie's Special calzone, with meatballs, marinara, mozzarella, and ricotta. Delicious and plentiful! Service was fast and friendly; I had my freshly made calzone within 15 minutes. Prices are right. Definitely would return again, and recommend.My family and I stopped into Reginelli's for a late lunch to check out the local flavor. We are new to the neighborhood and had passed by it a few times and decided to give it a try.
Pros: Reasonably priced, cheap beer, excellent asparagus & avocado salad
Cons: ** NO kids menu options...nothing!! I do not feel like paying $8-10 for a full size meal for a two year old. Normally I would share my meal with her, but many of the options on the menu are not exactly kid friendly.  ** Our meal took forever! 45 minutes for a pizza during a SLOW time. ** We ordered the Mediterranean pizza, which sounded awesome, but was less than flavorful. It was though they forgot to add the garlic sauce. 
I don't plan on going back anytime soon, or at least with my daughter.Who doesn't like pizza?  And who isn't occasionally too lazy to make pizza themselves or go out for dinner?  If that's the case, Reginelli's is one of very few pizza joints who delivers to the Lower Garden District but thankfully they make a pretty good pie.  The crust is thick and bread-like but has a nice density and texture plus it has cheese sprinkled over it so it tastes pretty good on its own.  Toppings are sufficient so you don't usually have to worry about getting cheated on many slices.  A lot of the Specialty Pizzas are unique and quite good, and while it can get pricey when ordering a "custom" pizza I have to say it's virtually impossible to beat Reginelli's custom pie with chicken, pancetta, carmelized onions, roasted red peppers, and fresh mozzarella.  The fresh mozzarella costs an extra $1.25 for a small or $1.75 for a large pizza but it makes all the difference in the world.
Make sure you mention the $2 off coupon on their website and it's still not cheap but pretty darn good pizza.  I'm a fan, and they deliver to the LGD!!4.5 stars.
+pizza selection, dare I say "gourmet" (e.g., "gumbo pizza")
+fresh ingredients
+friendly and helpful staff
+casual and laid-back ambiance
+$2 pitchers of beer Mon and Tue (Abita Amber and another domestic brand, I don't recall)
Had a great meal/time.  Glad we stopped by.
Don't know if it's "as good as it gets", but it's sure damn close.Delivery is suuuuuuuper slow. Food always comes cold. Ordered delivery last week and the driver caught a flat, had to call the store myself to find out why the food was taking so long. The food came cold as ice. Called the store to let them know and the manager was nice enough to give us a store credit so we tried them again today. Called them at 11am to place the order by 12:15 the food still hadn't come so I called and was told it was just going out driver got here at 12:30. The two pizzas were cold my dressed hummus barely had any cauliflower and everything looked tossed around, the garlic knots were hard and cold and the Tiramisu had some kind of plastic in it that looked like it came off of someone to go cutlery. Since the food was free we didn't bother to call again but we will never be ordering from this location again.I live in the neighborhood and regularly order the same salad from Reginelli's. Tonight when my delivery order arrived I was sad to see that the salad was about half the size as normal. It was also missing one of the key ingredients, drunked breadcrumbs. Worst of all the prosciutto had been replaced by gross, chewy, inedible large chunks of ham (even my dog had trouble downing it). 
I called and spoke to the manager. Instead of apologizing to a regular, she was defensive. She said that whether or not to use drunken breadcrumbs varies by the cook (nevermind what the menu says...). She also said that their supplier shorted them on sliced prosciutto, so instead they are serving a different type of "prosciutto" (which it's clearly not) in its place. No, they never mentioned this substitution when the order was placed.
Whatever happened to putting customers first, regardless of what's going on in the kitchen? Why the defensive tone? Instead of apologizing she said "well what we usually do is give you a credit on your next order." Implying that I'm going to order again. Upon request she did refund my credit card instead, but made it seem like it was a big hassle. And no, she never asked if I wanted anything else instead.
No thanks Reginellis.I heard good things about their Tomato Basil Soup. I ordered it and indeed, when paired with the two focaccia breadsticks that come with the soup, it is absolutely wonderful. But when the breadsticks are gone and there's nothing left to dip... the soup alone pretty much tastes like a really good spaghetti sauce. Which is odd once you realize it because spaghetti sauce is supposed to be thicker than tomato basil soup. So while the soup is good if you like spaghetti sauce, in terms of what tomato basil soup should really be like, I think the soup here is a bit off the mark, although tasty in its own way.
As for the pizza, it was okay but nothing all that impressive. I will say however, that the service was excellent as the servers were very attentive without being annoying. 
Also, they offer free delivery within the immediate vicinity.How is this place not packed out of control on Monday and Tuesday nights?!  $2 pitchers of Abita Amber on these fabulous nights with purchase of an entrée! $2 pitcher!  REAL pitchers! The food is wonderful and the service is great!  I've not had a bad experience here in all my Mondays.  I actually look forward to Mondays now because of this place.  Oh, Hummus Pitaco, I dream of you and can hardly await our next rendezvous...and you're such a cheap date my lovely $6.50 sandwich and $2 pitcher.Anacona Salad is great! Delivery driver could not find the house, even with the address on the building and & no flatware was provided.Some of the best pizza in a city that has a lot of terrible pizza in comparison to places like New York and Chicago. Plus they deliver. Get one with a lot of toppings, it's worth it. There pesto tortellini is also pretty damn good.So this place is great. I had the Sergios special and it was delicious. The service was very good. They have very nice people working there. My only issue is that they dont serve sweet tea. I know a lot of spots in Nola dont but this is kinda odd. They are open late and that makes me happy on those late Bulldog nightsThe pizza was a little to hyped up on here for what it really was.  I plan on going back there, but I am going to ask them to make the pizza with a thinner crust.  The topping and sauce were good though.  
hands down, probably the best spinach artichoke dip that I have ever had.  The dip its self was Delicious, but they put a lot of effort into making sure the bread is up to par as well.We had the Reginelli's gumbo and smoked chicken pizza and the muffuletta.  They both were delicious and the bread and dough were outstanding.I just ordered delivery from the garden district location. The salad was bitter and smelled like urine! The sandwich "uptowner" I've had many times in the past, was on a different type of bread than usual and the cheese was not even melted. I threw the salad out, couldn't finish the sandwich and we'll never order from reginellis, again! Stay away, really gone down, down, downThis place was awesome & had friendly service! Would def. come again. We had a caesar salad  & the pizza with mushrooms & arugula (forgot the name)... a-mazing!Best pizza in New Orleans! Was visiting for Mardi Gras and happened upon Reginelli's Pizzeria. The pizza was delicious and the service was impeccable. Fast and friendly so that we could get to the next parade. Fun atmosphere too.I looooove reginellis. Their hummus is literally the best. But this is the millionth time I've had problems with a delivery order from this specific location. So my pizza came cold and the dough seems like it is old. Then they sent my hummus which seemed to be only a half a portion and cold pita bread. I usually do not complain about delivery times, or even temperatures. But this was completely unacceptable, considering I only live about five blocks away.My wife and I dropped by for a quick dinner last night and found this nice civilized pizzeria in the middle of a bustling party like neighborhood. We had a great time and the pizza was some of the best I've ever had. Our server, Brodie, was excellent. He's very cordial and checked on us regularly. He was also running around seeing customers on the sidewalk seating area. This place is wonderful!!AMAZING pizza... bitchy waitresses... worth the trip tho!!Great pizza. Okay service. This is my second time here and I must say that I will only come back if I don't want to be bothered. The  servers only come to you when you summon them over, which isn't good service in my opinion. I give it three stars because I like the food.I can't say enough about Reginelli's.  I've been a fan of their delivery at least three years now.  The staff, when answering the phone is very knowledgeable and patient when answering endless questions about menu selections.  There's a lot to be said when the person answering the phone knows a specific menu item based on an obscure garnish!  
Did I mention that they have no problem with last minute deliveries?  As a person who has the occasion to eat at odd hours, it's totally awesome that I can call before closing and have my order taken with enthusiasm.  Customer service is a big thing with me as it's so often lacking nowadays, this is not a problem at Reginelli's.  On the occasion that I did have a problem, management was quick to rectify it!   
The food is great- their pizzas are out of this world!  Choose one of theirs, customize, or build your own- you won't be disappointed by the pizza!  The appetizers are a delight to sample, so give into the temptation- get one, or two, or three.  Even without the cold and hot trio appetizer plates, it's easy to make a meal from their variety of appetizers and salads.I miss the sandwiches, the mannicotti and most of all I miss their addictive brie & pear chutney calzones.I just moved to New Orleans was trying to find a place that delivers to my address. I found Reginelli's.  
Twenty-three minutes from order to my door.  Pizza tasted great, the crust even has great flavor.