Bad service. Really bad. Slow and grumpy. The only thing worthwhile is karaoke.Curious. I hadn't been inside Rendon Inn in over a decade and it's so fancy now!  I was really pleasantly surprised. Guess I'll have to make it over more often especially since it's pretty close to my house.
I'm gonna give them a pass on service last night. The entire Rising Tide crowd went for their after party.  And I don't think the bar understood what that meant. There was only one bartender working and only one person in the kitchen.  Both were pretty overwhelmed.  But they also were working their butts off to get everyone their drinks and food.This place is packed and only one bartender. BCS tonight. What the hell? Fish tastes a week old. Not coming back by choice!It's real divey. It's real cheap. There's smoking. With that said, it isn't that bad. A friend and I got a couple of PBR pounders here for a dollar each. Throw in some fried pickles, and I'm happy as a clam in slop.I'd never heard of the Rendon Inn until J'Anitas picked up and moved to the kitchen here. I'm a big fan of J'Anitas (updated review coming soon), so I was eager to visit their new spot. Turns out the new spot, the Rendon Inn, stands alone as a great establishment.
The bar sits in a strange spot on the edge of Broadmoor down a street that you're unlikely to end up on unless you're looking for Rendon Inn. The outside is unremarkable. Walking inside, however, is a nice treat. The bar is decked out with ornate wood and looks like it was made to last 100 years. There are mostly tall bar tables, but there's also a sofa area off to one side. Its a simple look and its exceedingly clean and well kept up.
The beer selection is pretty outstanding for a small place. They had Bear Republic's Racer 5 on tap the last time I was there. Local brews are also well represented.
The crowd that Rendon Inn draws is a bit odd and not what I was expecting. It seems to be an older, professional set of folks. Some nights young folks are better represented, but not usually. In no way does this dissuade me from coming here, but you should be aware.
When the weather is nice, live bands set up in the outdoor patio/courtyard area. Its a nice separation for those who don't want to be blasted with loud music. When rain is forecasted, the music moves inside and it gets oppressively loud. It was so loud that we left to find a quieter bar.
The best part about the bar is undoubtedly the bartenders they've hired. Each one I've dealt with has been hilarious, engaging, and exceedingly easy going. During a slow lunch hour, I convinced a bartender to let me operate the soda gun and dispense my own Diet Coke. She invited me behind the bar and it was every bit as fun as I imagined it would have been. And with that I've become a customer for life.$1 PBR on draft AND 75 cent pool table. Enough said. I'm sure on game day it is insane but for a quiet evening beer on a week day it was great. If I lived closer I'd make it a regular spot.Rendon inn is pretty much your quintessential New Orleans neighborhood bar. Nothing fancy; good food, good company, and a surprisingly great selection of beer. They have a pool table, a ping pong table, Golden Tee, shuffleboard table, and two dart boards so there's plenty to be entertained with. Not to mention they have all the sports packages so you'll never miss a moment of your favorite sports event. Food is reasonably priced and taste great. The staff is always friendly. There are hardly any drawbacks to a place like this (in my opinion). The only thing I would change about Rendon Inn is that I would make it open 24 hours!A delightful surprise! GREAT drink selection and cool, laid back atmosphere with a back porch to hang out while you sip. There's ping pong and giant Jenga to stay entertained, with good music pumping out of a customer selected juke. Will definitely be on the radar when in the city.Yes, that Rendon Inn. When I told my neighbor that was where I was going for the Superbowl (who dat!) she just laughed. But hey, it's been redone, the bathrooms are super clean and everything is tiled in a tract home kinda way. There's a patio outside and for the games a DJ plays Saints songs at points and successful plays and during commercials, and I think it's the same DJ who's there on Fridays. 
Good normal prices ($3-4 for beer and well drinks), standard fried foods, and a locals party at night. I've made new actual friends there so come out!This place is not at all what you'd expect to find on a scruffy block of central city.
Nice crowd at the (beautiful antique) bar.  Nice spacious patio (where they host burlesque shows occasionally).  Terrific upscale bar menu - the burger I had was phenom and I could get a nice house salad as a or fries, mac n cheese, etc.  Sweetheart of a bartender too!Such a great improvement over what it was in the past.  Good beer selection and great broccoli bites, though service can be slow.This place advertises being open until 2am, but we went there at 9:30 and it was a ghost town. Plus there was someone sleeping/doing something sketchy in a car on the street around the corner. Not the greatest neighborhood to wander into when the place isn't actually open late.The Rendon Inn has a new owner, who has really upgraded the interior, the menu and the overall management.  It's a terrific spot to meet friends, watch sports, or play games of pool and shuffleboard. The video poker is gone.
There is a good selection of bottled beers and usually 6 or so local beers on draft.  The bartenders do basic cocktails - this is a neighborhood bar and not one of the new trendy "craft" cocktail spots.  
I've tried several of the new menu items - the Rendon burger, fries, pulled pork nachos, and quesadilla.  My friend loves the wings.  It's all freshly made and has adequate portions.  I plan to work my way through more of it soon!   They also now open at 11 am and serve daily hot lunches.  
Closing time may vary depending on the crowd.  The bartender can exercise judgment.  
I live in the neighborhood and LOVE the refreshed Rendon Inn.  It's my favorite place to watch the Saints.VERY fun spot. Renovated, beautiful bar. Great place to have a get together. Cool outdoor area.Awesome dive bar withe plenty of cheap drinks and pretty good bar food.  No, they don't have J'Anitas anymore, but they have everything from burgers to po-boys to wraps, with all kinds of (usually fried) sides.  They had about 8 beers on tap, including $2 PBRs and the new NOLA Muses brew.  They also had the 40 Arpent milk stout that everyone is raving about, but like every other establishment it had just run out :(
There is also plenty for entertainment, such as darts, shuffle board, etc. On Friday there was karaoke with an welcoming mix of talent ranging from "wow, you could have a local band" to "someone tell the cats outside to stop breeding". The bartenders and other patrons all seemed very warm and friendly, a definite plus.I'm a regular at the Rendon Inn, and I have nothing but good things to say about this place.  At this point, everyone in my group of friends knows that the default plan for a weekend night sans plans is usually Rendon!  
For starters, the atmosphere is great: great food, friendly bartenders/cooks, good beer selection, and an array of things to do there aside from just sit around (ping pong, shuffleboard, pool, darts, poker machines, etc.).  And it's affordable!  On any given night, they're running some kind of food and/or drink special-- and a cold draft of PBR is only $1, so your friends no longer have the excuse that they're too broke to leave their house.  
I will say, pick the night you want to go according to your mood.  Every Friday and Saturday night is karaoke night, which is an amazing alternative to some of the other karaoke joints in New Orleans (short wait, super fun and interactive, large song library), but not exactly everyone's cup of tea.  Reserve your chill nights for earlier in the evening on Fridays and Saturdays or a weekday night.Sean, Rowe, Danny, Nicole, and the rest of the crew will take care of you at Rendon. The outside is deceiving, go inside and order a $1 beer (all day, every day) and enjoy the best wings in the city (Hot and Buffalo sauce mixed together). Saddle up to the bar and have a college kid sitting on your right and a colorful neighborhood character on your left. Where else can you get that kind of crowd? Come in more then once and the owner, Sean, will make a point to come over and say hello. HAS A SHUFFLEBOARD TABLE!!! Eat and drink all night long for $20.I've been coming to Rendon pretty regularly now, and simply, it's got a great beer selection, great bar food choices, and an very welcoming atmosphere.  My favorites are a plate of wings and any one of the specials. The bartenders are great.Probably not the first one to say that I didn't know this place existed.  But a stop a few weeks back left me impressed by this broadmoor (I guess) neighborhood bar.  Anyway - good bartenders, buckets of beer, shuffleboard, pool, etc.  What's not to love.So happy to have found this place! Drove in from ATX late on a Monday night, and didn't want to travel all of the way in to the Quarter for a quick bite. It was a short walk from the Crescent Palms Motel, and quiet when we arrived. Crab cake bites, crawfish po boy and shrimp po boy ~ all amazing. And they were playing the Texas Bowl on one of their big screens over the bar. Couldn't have asked for a better first night in NOLA!Just found this place today. Couldn't be more pleasantly surprised. They've got every bar game (pool, ping pong, darts, shuffle board,  corn hole,  and more). Awesome beer selection, too! They've got a handful of quality drafts and several coolers of great cans and bottles. Liquor shelf doesn't look too bad either ;) 
Also: Large comfortable bar,  full kitchen, patio, tvs, clean restrooms.  What more can you ask for? Will definitely be coming back.Not at all what I expected when I got the gc from restaurant.com. but the service was good; food even better and like everyone said, a very clean bathroom. The chef even came out after each course to make sure everything was ok. It was. Good sandwiches. Got the duck. Sandwich was a lil greasy but the flavors were all there. Bf got a juicy and flavorful burger. He said it's better than port-a-call.I could have sworn I wrote a reviewed Rendon Inn. I was actually proud of that review. WTF?  Yelp is telling me I haven't reviewed them, which is untrue. I'm too tired to be as clever as I was then. So here's my lazy review. I love Rendon Inn. The actual, literal bar is beautiful. The bartenders are friendly and the food is excellent. BOOM.Awesome service and awesome good! Food is delicious and the people here are awesome. The bartenders bring in good vibes and I can tell because the people I have met so far are very nice and fun to have conversations with. Will be in frequently and if ya pop in say Hi! And eat!!!Love this place!  It's super clean,  dunks are strong and affordable and a good mixed crowd.  They have plenty tvs and were super cool about turning to games when customers requested.  Definitely my new little spot.  Oh yeah they have karaoke on Fridays!Y'all need to know that Adam Lee of Lee's Specialty meats has taken over the kitchen at Rendon Inn and everything that man cooks is magic!!! If you want some seriously real Regional Cuisine in a a really cool neighborhood bar environment, this is your spot! Portions are huge, prices are right, and the taste is unbelievably delicious!This became my local bar for Saints games once I moved to my new pad a little less than a year ago. It's smoky, which is my only "complaint" about it, but the place is nice, the people are friendly, and the prices are decent.**This is a duplicate review because apparently this place has two Yelp pages (the other one is listed under the business name 'The Dugout Sports Bar & Grill')**
Been here a couple times at this point. Let me say it's a great bar with lots of space, a cool outdoor patio which I think every bar should be equipped with. The main bar has lots of seating wrapped around and there's plenty of games to keep you entertained. From pool, darts, ping pong, even slots for trying your luck.
Drink prices are okay, not the most competitive like at Finn's or the uncomparable, Ms. Maes, but you won't exactly break the bank having a night out here either. There's always a good crowd in here and everyone seems to really like the place.
So why the two-star? Well, me and my girl came in on Wednesday for steak night, which was great, we love steaks. Everything with the food was fine, no issue there, we ordered a few drinks, mostly on her tab because I covered dinner and our first round of drinks.
I almost always tip in cash whenever I use my card to pay at bars, which was the case that night. So, two steak dinners, one Jameson on the rocks and a 'Not Your Father's Root Beer' went on my tab, totalling $39.00, cool. I left $9 dollars as that was the only cash I had on me, I also thought it was a decent amount for two easy drinks (one in a can) and the food on my tab.
Well I guess someone didn't share the same sentiment in thinking I left enough because when I checked my card statement a few days later, the payment posted for a total of $43.00. I thought about weather or not I should let it slide, but I don't like people phucking around with my money, I don't care how much it is.
I implore anyone who has used a card here to closely review your statement as these little increments could add up if done to a lot of people. I had to dig my receipt out of the trash to make sure I wasn't tripping (see picture below).
IF I come back, it will be cash only.I've been here a few times and have had nothing but amazing food each and every time. Breakfast lunch and dinner options are great, and the smokey flavor in all the meats is exquisite. Adam in the kitchen is truly gifted. Definitely try the dirty bird sandwich.....its SO good!The Browns Backers representing the Browns vs Titans. GO Browns.  If you're a Browns fan and you're in those. It's only a 10 min drive from the French Quarters.  Great food, friendly people and football.  Oh and the drinks are nice too! :)Rendon used to be terrible for a neighborhood bar because they were closed so frequently for private parties. They have totally turned it around and become a great local bar. Kitchen is awesome with daily specials, weekend crawfish boils, and brunch. Great selection of beers, outdoor area with plenty of space, and occasional live music. Our dogs are always welcome and the staff is accommodating and friendly. One of my go-to spots!I love this place! The bar is clean, very nice inside, and has a wide selection of beers. The service is awesome, fast and very attentive. The food is out of this world - seriously, if you haven't checked out the menu for J'anita's yet, do so immediately. Even their tater tots are crazy good, and that's probably the least exciting thing on the menu. Best of all, Tuesday nights are movie nights, with three great feature films (every Tuesday has a different theme), and the best bartender ever, Wheels, on staff. Check it out - it's a little out of the way, but that makes parking easy, and also makes it a great place to 'take over' with your friends, for an impromptu birthday party or sports celebration.Not really sure about the place, stopped in one late night after a show at the Hangar so my friend could get dessert! So, I didn't stay long for much of anything.....
It was some sort of rolled nutella crepe toquito? thingy .... I did take a bite and I must say purrty darn good!!!   (~8
The place has definitely been recently renovated, looks really nice and clean - staff was really friendly, too. That always helps . . . 
Will be returning to try that nutella crepe thing all for myself!!!!You couldn't want more in a neighborhood bar! Friendly service, decent wine selection, covered outdoor seating.  If you get hungry, the kitchen serves up a varied menu - an upgrade from regular bar food. The hamburger and fries are delicious, of course. I think the place is dog friendly.  Check out their adjacent event space.They have done some very nice renovations to this bar and it has started to draw an interesting mix of people.  The location is unique without a lot of other stuff around it other than houses.  The inside is mostly taken up by a huge bar and then they have a nice patio.  J'Anitas has been doing the food here since they moved out of Avenue Pub and they have some good food for your dining pleasure (with some fantastic burgers).  The main downside I've experienced is that it can get very smokey even when it isn't all that crowded.  I've only been here a few times so far since they reopened and I've always had fantastic service and interesting conversations with a wide range of people.  This bar looks like it has a great future ahead of it and they have been hosting live music.  This is an area that doesn't have a lot of other venues so it should be interesting to see how it develops.The Browns Backers representing the Browns vs Titans. GO Browns.  If you're a Browns fan and you're in town. It's only a 10 min drive from the French Quarters.  Great food, friendly people and football.  Oh and the drinks are nice too! :)Excellent environment with helpful and friendly bartenders. Another fav spot to hang out at with friendsThe upgrades are nice. Comfortable atmosphere, good food. Nice outdoor space when the weather permits.Still 5 stars- just wanted to update that karaoke is only on Friday nights now.  :)Came here Sunday for brunch with a friend.  Unlimited mimosas for $15.00.  great deal and they were pouring the whole time.  i got the cochon grit bowl.  Delicious meat a little salty for my tasting, but still very flavorful and I'd order it again.  My friend got the crawfish benedict.  She enjoyed hers as well. The prices were great the staff was amazing.  We will return!  Go check it out!Great place to watch a Saints games with a drink and bite to eat! The chicken sandwich is honestly so addicting and I make a trip here specially for it! Lots of seating around the bar and the service is friendly and fast! A little hole in the wall bar but serving up great quality food and lots of beer options!Shuffleboard lovers paradise over here!
If you love to shuffle and appreciate a well kept board this place is sure to please. 
I've spent many a days and nights at this little gem on Rendon St. It's not usually packed and has games galore. There's a ping pong table on their back deck and inside there's darts, pool, and shuffleboard! 
The bartenders have been very nice to us and the drinks are well made. The prices aren't competitive so don't expect to be pleasantly surprised by your tab. 
Food is available and is pretty middle of the road also. But when you're gaming and drinking all day it's exactly what you need. A basket of tater tots has saved my life on more than one occasion!
There's a solid digital jukebox so plan to make the most of your day at this place by getting some friends together, loading up the box, and throwing down on some games! I will beat you on shuffleboard if I see you there!This was close to our place we were staying at for a week.Came in on a Wednesday night. One of the nicer local bars we have been in . Clean and a nice juke box . They serve food but we just had a couple of beers.A hour outside of closing though the bartender seemed like she was ready to go home early and seemed a little annoyed that we asked for another beer.Ho-lee shit! the food in the kitchen is some of the best bar food you'll find in Nola. Andy in the kitchen is a magician, the jambalaya is so good and meaty, and don't mention the gumbo. The crazy part is I've never even had the gumbo, andy was eating it right next to me and i couldn't resist the smell. I know for sure if you come here you won't be disappointed.The bar waitress was the worst I've ever had. She seem to just ignore me sitting at end of bar. Never asked me if I wanted anything until the guys I was with told her that I needed to order some food. I sat there and she never asked if I wanted anything else and couldn't even get her attention to ask because she was so focused on a group at other end of bar. Worst customer service . Thank God I never have to return there again. Only thing I can say good about my experience there  was the wings I orderedTried em twice, won't get burned again. First time food took forever, got it home and it was still raw inside my fried chicken. 
Second time  they were in the kitchen bullshitting while we waited 20 minutes at the bar and never got approached. 
Pass on this spot.I was hoping to hang out and watch the Saints game here today, but the second we walked in the door we were so overwhelmed by the cigarette smoke that we knew it was a bad idea. It is sad too because I was looking forward to trying some food and the beer selection looked promising.  One day we will return and hopefully get to try some yummy stuff before the chain smokers get there.Excellent local spot, with some obvious regulars, yet real friendly to new drop-ins.
Excellent variety of beers on draft, great lay-out, and classic pool table.There's a reason New Orleans is the greatest city in the universe.  Getting a steak of this quality, at 10 pm New Years day is just solid as it gets.  And I the home style mashed potatoes were on point   Tons of TVs to watch your game of choice, and a pool tables to boot.  Retro hip hop playing, and phenomenal service.  I'll be backThe new owners of this place are fantastic and committed to doing things right for all NOLA community.  New family in kitchen is making great strides with food.  An old standby and new hidden gem. Highly recommend!You are the worst neighborhood bar ever. You have good food and drinks but private parties every weekend are annoying. I live 90 seconds away and went with my wife for food tonight. The bartender said to come back at 10:30 (he is a good guy) and he would personally cook for us. At 11 I returned - stupid college party still happening - embarrassing g attempts to corral them.  Now they are throwing people out. Embarrassment.Definitely a cool dive bar. My dad told me about it since they have a Wednesday $10 steak night with $1 PBRs and it's a good deal. Food's a bit salty, but still good. Bartender Emma was great :) definitely will be back!My boyfriend and I went to Rendon Inn without knowing anything about it, other than that we'd called at ten p.m. on a Sunday night to see if they served food. Not only did they have a full menu, but they serve it until 2 p.m. every night! Jeremiah, the manager, is redoing the menu since J'anitas left - so there are items like specialty crepes that aren't even on there - you just have to ask. That is, if the applewood bacon burger, garlic aioli portobello burger, or truffle fries don't suit.
They have good beer on tap, a friendly staff, darts, and a rickety pool table. The vibe is divey & friendly to all but with a nod to internet culture - there are ragefaces drawn on the whiteboard and as Jeremiah put it, "the internet leaks around here."Best Hurricane Party I went to :)
It was my first time here ... all I remember is walking in and immediately being swooped into semi-salsa dancing with a friendly regular, dancing on a bar lit by lanterns, and the best burger I've tasted in a while, for whatever cash I had on me.
It's like a Cheers/It's Always Sunny combo. Yup - legendary.
Thanks guys :)