Hands down this is my NEW favorite restaurant!!! OMG, the food is AMAZING! Everything was well seasoned and fresh. The portions of food, the presentation, oh and the drinks are GREAT! Our server was Alex, well informed and descriptive about the menu and made great suggestions that were spot on!!! Our service was outstanding.My girlfriend and I were in town for vacation and we decided we wanted something a little more upscale for our final night that's where we found Restaurant Rebirth. Just a heads up , you probably need to call early on in the day for a reservation. We were unable to get a table but we did sit at the serve which was full service. The bartenders name was Ian and he was very attentive & friendly. We started with a bowl of the gumbo. It wasn't the absolute best gumbo I had while in NOLA but it was very tasty & delicious. For the main course we had the Double Cut Tomahawk Pork Chop. It came with onion rings, nueske's bacon braised haricot verts, brabant potatoes, and had a sugar cane Creole Glaze. It was perfectly cooked and so tasty. I would definitely recommend the pork chop. All in all, it was a good experience with a great atmosphere and delicious southern cuisine!SO GOOD. I had the seafood chowder and my husband had the chicken and andouille gumbo. Both on point. We split the quail appetizer. Flipping delicious. THEN we had the duck bamboo duck breasteses. And I must say I have seen so many cooking shows with all these duck critiques and I realized I had never had it. Well I'm so happy my first indulgence into duck land was here. It was outstanding! And probably the best sweet potatoes I've ever eaten.Best food I have ever had. I traveled the world and ate at the best restaurants but Rebirth was definitely an unforgettable experience. Highly recommend this place.A small comfortable restaurant. The reviews suggest it's something to look forward too, which we were.
A good start. The shrimp/eggplant appetizer was very good. The waiter pushed the fish, I believe was Grouper. Hard to tell it was Grouper as it arrived completely over cooked as were the vegetables on which the fish was placed. Pretty ridiculously over cooked (rendered rubber like). My wife had a sea food dish which they call Gulf Seafood Al Ajillo. My wife ended the evening with food related stomach cramps and well ...  use your imagination. The desert was good. For us the experiance was a disappointment. Hope everyone else has a better experience.Get the pork belly as an appetizer...you will not regret it! Came here for dinner about two weeks ago while visiting new Orleans, and glad we chose this place for one of our dinners. Our server was exceptionally friendly, made great recommendations and even made some adjustments to our dinner order so that we could have shareable sized portions (i.e. The blackened scallops...those were also excellent) didn't have enough room for dessert  unfortunately! But if it's anything like the rest of their food, I'm sure it's delicious.The most incredible dinner start to finish. Friendly service, fantastic fish, appetizers and soup, not to mention dessert and wine list. Can't wait to come again! Has a French flavor to it, too.Okay,,,, this place fits the Planet of NewOrleans well.
Get the Bison, just get it.
Service is eclectic and smooth.
Sweet cornbread, what? Awesome.
Bacon in the green beans.
Just picked garden salad.
Get over yourself and get in here.Restaurant Rebirth you are my favorite. 
No seriously, my favorite!  Every time I make my way to the Big Easy I make sure I find time to visit Rebirth.  Honestly one of the best steaks I have ever had, and I still dream of the grilled romaine and fried oyster salad.  Have sent many people there over the years and all have been extremely grateful to experience such a gem.  The decor is classy/chic yet comfortable and the staff has always been lovely. If I could fly in town just for dinner I would.  For anyone reading this, seriously, treat yo'self, you WILL NOT be disappointed.  Until we meet again Restaurant Rebirth.Really enjoyed the food here.  We had several items such as the gumbo, quail, shrimp and lobster. The food is quite heavy so I'd recommend eating here only if you have an appetite.  The service and ambiance was nice.Awesome food and ambiance!  It lived up to the reviews we read before making our reservation.  Thank y'all!Have been wanting to try this place forever and so glad we did.  Love the cool little area where it's located and the ambience of restaurant.  Wait staff was attentive and friendly. Food was Delish.  Had pork chop (which is more than plenty to share) and red fish. Loved this place and would highly recommend.I love this restaurant with a passion. I've been there twice now with my boyfriend and it has been truly amazing both times. The pork belly there is literally amazing it's just the best combination of flavors. The filet migon is a must try, with Emma's chimmichurri, also the pork chops are incredibly well made. A must while in New Orleans.Small Quaint restaurant we sat at the bar, as the place was packed.  The bartender recommended the pork belly appetizer. This is not something I would normally eat or even think about ordering. It was unbelievably good. They serve corn bread versus regular bread and it's the best cornbread I have ever had. We ordered the filet and the snapper. The filet was so tender it could be cut with a butter knife.The filet came out on a 500 degree cast iron plate with butter and herb seasoning that was perfection on a platter. It was by far the best filet of any restaurant including all of the high end restaurants I have been to. The snapper was excellent with superb seasoning and plated beautifully. The fingerling potatoes were also fantastic. The service at the bar was incredible. Traveling from out of town but would visit weekly if possible.Everything was pretty much excellent. I recommend to start off with the bbq pork belly for sure. Something I'd be reluctant to order but glad we did. Didn't really have room for dessert but couldn't resist. All were worth ordering on the dessert list. Cocktails were well crafted as well. I had a filet myself which could compete with any steakhouse in the city. Tasted the gumbo which was good quality and more on the richer side. The glazed cornbread was another big surprise. I was able to try a taste of my buddies fish and that was class as well.Small restaurant. I recommend making reservations. Food was ok very expensive for the quality. Presentation was pretty.  Service was good very disappointed with foodThis place was all around phenomenal. The food was expertly flavored and the portions did not disappoint. My date and I shared the Fried Oyster over angle hair pasta to start. For entrees we ordered the Ribeye and Pork Chops. Both cuts of meat came cooked to perfection with overflowing flavor. Service was crisp and welcoming. Don't skip on the sides, these were also impressive as well. I literally saw my girlfriend's eyes roll back as she tasted the Crawfish/Tasso ham corn Maque Choux. 
Great place for an important date or business dinner.Absolutely amazing food, service and wonderful ambience. Fine dining in a casual easy setting. Everything from appetizer to desert was superb. Very attentive warm wait staff and manager on site and very present. It's a total winner! Five star all the way.Great new spot. Delicious food, quaint decor. Seafood chowder was amazing!  As were the blackened scallops.  Service was stellar.  3 waiters that traded off fluidly.Gumbo was delicious appetizer, perfectly seasoned and nice and hot. Gulf Seafood entree was full of great seafood but lacked seasoning. The filet was bland-very hot and tender but needed seasoning. Not what was expected.Please please please please please come to Portland Oregon. Having eaten at Portland city grill before and have had the pork chop there, the pork chop here blew pcg out of the water. The drinks were amazing, the service was fantastic, dinner was breath taking, I really wish I could eat here every day.Stunningly awesome. Went back two times to try more of the menu. The Chef is utterly amazing! Favs are pork belly, grouper, eggplant, seafood al aljillo. This place is a must for any trip to NOLA!
They have a side of greens which is just heavenly. Combo of collard and mustard greens cooked in bacon and brown sugar. Words cannot express this treasure!
Service is world class as well.Our first time here but we come to New Orleans quite a bit. Mary was our server and she was awesome. Informative. Fun. Nice. Efficient. Love this place.The best food and service around! The atmosphere is great. The pork chop was amazing as was the steak!The service (Collin and Neal) was beyond incredible. The food unique and amazing. I highly recommend the shrimp and eggplant appetizer and the blackened redfish.Great dinning in a small restaurant. The Pork Chop was exceptional!ok although we didn't actually eat here, just drinks, we saw how large the portions were and were impaled by the delightful scents wafting from the kitchen. based on that, we will definitely be back!!!
all that being said, I am writing this review purely based on my senses and the wonderfully friendly and attentive bartender that served my mother and I on our most recent visit. 
no one told me that shots in new Orleans are equal to a full glass NYC style but gotdamnit I appreciate it. to put it another way, the extra heavy handed bartender wowed me with his charm attitude and overall bar experience. the bar itself is pretty small and located directly across from the kitchen.  they had an exceptional variety of bourbon and that awesomely friendly bartender (can you tell I am a fan yet) offered me a taste of another bourbon I had never heard of!!!
cant wait to go back and taste, not just drink, on my next visit!!!Awesome food. Eating here three times in three days. The project belly is to die for, the seafood chowder was awesome, the white chocolate bread pudding was great. Service was exceptional. Great restaurant.Everything was amazing from ambience, to cocktails, to appetizers, entrees and dinner. Pork belly and gumbo were highlights. A great find!Had a fun time and the food was good. Looked like a parking prob if I was driving
Food came out slow, But hotThis place is new, but everything runs smoothly and on point. I came here by myself for dinner, but I didn't feel alone. Servers and owner took the time to chat with me when they could. They were very patient and kind considering how busy it was on a Monday evening. I was also seated by the kitchen and really enjoyed seeing everything working in the kitchen. 
It's a modern Cajun take on food, but by this point of my vacation I was worn out from so much seafood. I chose a salad, filet mignon, gnocchi and mushrooms, with some Mexican mules instead. Everything was what food heaven is made of! The service was top notch too. My drinks were mixed to perfection. I cannot wait to go back and bring some people with me. 
I wish I had room for dessert.You must eat here! The food, service and atmosphere are all divine. We started with the pork belly app, which was meaty and perfectly cooked. But even better than that was the greens it was served with, true southern cooked greens with a spicy sweetness. The most delightful young man brought over a heavenly cornbread. I then had the scallop entree - some of the plumpest, nicely cooked scallops I've had. The potatoes and corn complimented them nicely. My dining partner had the filet and added a side of green beans that he very much enjoyed. Even though we were stuffed we ended the night with coffee and bread pudding that was very nice, though not as memorable as the rest of the meal. Service was attentive and friendly. Allow plenty of time for a leisurely meal. We were there over 2 hours, though certainly time well spent. We'll be returning!Location is great , inside atmosphere is perfect , the host and servers are top notch , and very attentive . we ordered the pork chop and scallops . Both were very good . Food arrived sizzling hot and very appealing to the eye . We Would order them again . We will visit here again on our next visitWalked in, greeted then seated quickly. Jimmy was our waiter but the whole staff helped my girlfriend and myself out. Once we were given our drinks, we also received cornbread, that taste amazing. We ordered oysters over angel hair pasta as a appetizer, which tasted great. I ordered the tomahawk chop over green beans and my girlfriend ordered the seafood platter, both dishes were delicious. For dessert we ordered the creme brulee which had a coffee creme. It tasted awesome! The whole experience was wonderful. Great place to eat! Friendly staff! Fast Service!Very good food and hospitality.  From the soup to the Scallops to the white chocolate bread pudding.  Very good atmosphere.   Sat at the bar and was able to see all of the goodness that came out of the kitchen!   Must stop!Great restaurant! Staff was very friendly and attentive.  We had the pork belly- it is a must try.  The gumbo was very tasty. I had the scallops- melted in my mouth. I would highly recommend this restaurant!We had a great experience for dinner during our trip to NOLA! It's a small restaurant that is just open for dinner. The service was wonderful and they give you tasty cornbread to start. I had a glass of bubbly and my hubby had a cocktail. I had the gumbo of the day- AMAZING!! It had chicken and sausage. For dinner, I had the pork belly- special thanks to yelp for the recommendation. It was really tasty and served with collard greens and fried okra. I would have never ordered it without a recommendation, but I am so glad I did!! Great experience!Such good food. We got the pork belly as an appetizer and it was incredible. Then got two different seafood dishes - scallops were insane. Some of the best I've ever had. This is a newer restaurant but I would highly recommend it.Porkbelly, scallops and gumbo, oh my! Everything was amazing. My teenager wanted to lick his plate. The gumbo is the best I have ever had. The atmosphere was wonderful and the service was perfect. Our waiter new everything on the menu and guided us well.Great food! You have to get the gumbo to start off! The gumbo is the best i have ever had.Came in here late on a Monday night and sat at the bar. Ordered the pork chop. It was the best pork chop I have ever had hands down. Period. Go here. Order the pork chop. And thank me. Seriously go now. Staff was super friendly to boot. Five stars easy.My husband and I came here for a nice dinner on our honeymoon. We were not disappointed, the food was spectacular! We ordered the pork belly, gumbo, ribeye, and blackened redfish. We loved it all, but especially the pork belly! We were given great service and left with happy stomachs. We'd love to come back again!Amazing !!!! Wandered in on a Thursday night around 9pm- waited about 30 minutes for a table but so worth the wait - This place is awesome !! Had the eggplant shrimp appetizer was delicious . The Pork chop was easily the best I've ever had , the glaze on the chop was to die for . Great way to end my Spring break in NOLA!!!I absolutely loved this place!   wonderful service! Stellar food! And the owner was going around from table to table and was super friendly! The food was delicious and memorable. It's the only place where I felt the need to leave 25% tip because the service was so good (I can't remember our server's name but something like Gray??) HIGHLY recommended!Ate here last night after making a reservation the day before. We recently heard that locals eat between 7:00 and 8:30 which explained why we had such a hard time getting reservations. Our waitress Rae was very knowledgeable about the local food and mixology scene and had some great suggestions when we told her we were in town for the first time.
I started with stuffed quail and was surprised at the layers of flavor. I think the marmalade might have been fresh. I had planned on a steak but ended up with the al ajilla, a subtle mix of flavors. 
We found very few places with casual fine dining here and were delighted to have dinner here.An upscale restaurant in the warehouse district.
App
 We ordered the shrimp eggplant as an app. It was excellent, crispy outside, hot soft inside. We were each given a small slice of cornbread, it had strong sweet brown sugar flavor and was yummy but a little too dry for my taste. 
Drinks
My fiancé had the monkey punch which he liked, wasn't my cup of tea, strong coconut flavors. I had a white Spanish wine, something Indra. It was light with slight citrus flavors. 
Entrees
I had the melt in your mouth filet mignon and he had the superb tasting lamb. 
Sides
Neither entree came with any sides, no vegetable or soup or salad and both entrees were upwards of $35. I know many high end paces do this but I don't care for it. So I got the fried okra, it was ok nothing to write home about and he had the corn side with was interesting but also not amazing, I would have loved it either side had a little more spice to them. 
Service
The host and wait staff were beyond attentive and polite. However, after we had our appetizer we waited more than 30 min. I see this as a sign that everything was cooked from scratch with detail but alas it was nevertheless annoying. 
Dessert
We the creme brûlée which was amazing with strong coffee like flavors and little powdered sugar sweet cake or doughnut like morsels on top.Another perfect review! I came to New Orleans for an entrepreneurship conference and I have to say the best part was finding this restaurant... I had the eggplant and the gumbo and oops! A bourbon drink. Wouldn't change a think eclectic to make my stomach bigger. The staff were super nice too.Amazing cornbread, appetizers, service! Leonard the bartender awesome!!!  Absolutely recommend!Absolutely amazing food and service! Leonard was exceptionally accommodating!  Blackened scallops were decadent - duck was best ever! Pork belly appetizer was to die for! Gnocchi was amazing!!To begin our food journey through New Orleans, we had our first solo date night here, and let me tell you, it was bomb diggity.
We ordered just a couple things... HA. Yeah right. We stuffed ourselves so much we had to go straight home. No strip clubs or late night street drinking for these two hippos.
The highlights:
- Cocktails were great (but I would save the room for food)
- Started with the pork belly- do it. Oh and also the gumbo du jour. It's heavenly.
- Pork chop and blackened scallops were top notch 
- dessert... Cafe Au Lait Creme Brûlée... yeah... just think about that for a sec.
Service was spectacular too... overall, definitely worth 5+ stars.We ended up here after looking at review on Yelp. To be honest, I didn't think any restaurant would be able to compete with the place we had just had lunch, Cochon. However, Rebirth was amazing. We didn't have a reservation so we sat at the bar. The bartender was friendly and the couple sitting next to us were affable as well. 
I had a mojito, which was fantastic. For the meal, we shared 3 items. The pork belly, shrimp wrapped in eggplant, and the blackened scallops. Everything was so yummy. I wish I had an extra stomach. 
I would highly recommend this spot for dinner as it's cozy, delicious and great service.If I was dying, I would definitely dine here for my last meal!  Every detail of your dining experience is top notch, from beginning to end.  All item's from pork belly appetizer to filet mignon, green beans, & fingerling potatoes was delectable.  Not to mention the coffee creme brulee w/ mini beignets which my husband almost had finished before I returned from the facilities.  Each item had their own personality & was so delicious.  Hats off to the Chef, Manager, Host & Servers for attention to detail!Would definitely dine here again in a heartbeat!  Would also try the sister restaurant which was not open yet on our last visit.  They even sent us well wishes on our birthdays.  Run don't walk to this establishment, you won 't regret it!!!The food was amazing! Full of flavor and cooked to perfection!! We had the Red Fish ....oh my gosh...it was the show stopper! It was moist and just melted in our mouth. I'd like to think that I'm a connoisseur if greens and let me say Rebirth's greens were delicious. The Gulf Seafood al Ajillo was amazing and it comes with French bread so that you can enjoy the every bit of white wine sauce...yummy! Now let's talk about the white chocolate bread pudding.... my, my, my, and my....not too sweet but just right...the perfect ending to an amazing meal. The food was delicious, presentation was on point, the staff was friendly and very personable. It was our 1st dinner on this trip to NOLA so the bar it set high!Excellently crafted farm fresh and beautifully presented!  Another new and creative restaurant in the up and coming warehouse district. ( Or at least that is what I was told!)  Anyways, I will be there again once I am in town.I'm not impressed. I had dinner at the bar because the hostess said they were expecting reservations; when I left, there were only 4 customers in the entire restaurant. My server was inattentive and spent most of his time talking amongst his co-workers. I ordered the fish of the day (red grouper); it was bland and tasteless. The ambiance was confusing; they clearly haven't figured out their theme yet. Like I said, unimpressed.Excellent food and service. Highly recommend this place. We had reservations for two and even with a last minute addition they were very accommodating. The bison ribeye was one of the best steaks I have ever eaten. My wife thoroughly enjoyed her blackened scallops. The sides are very tasty but a little small. More than a serving but not quite two.Ate there News Years Eve and most places that have a special fixed menu are usually sub par. Not here the food was amazing the service stellar (Alex our server was great). I just recommend this restaurant the next time you are in NOLA!! Recomend the Pork Belly..It always seems redundant to put a 5 star restaurant on a place with this many positive reviews, but I had to. 
I was in town for a work conference this week and brought some of my customers here for dinner.  All I can say is WOW!  This was absolutely amazing.  Everything was amazing.  The apps, entrees, wine, desert.  
It would be hard for me to NOT come back here on my next NOLA visit.  Also, my customers raved about it was very happy with my pick.  Service was also top notch!I would give more stars if I could. This places serves the best food I have ever eaten.  8 of us went on a Thursday night,  then 12 of us went the next night on Friday.  Steaks melt in your mouth,  best beef flavor.  Fried oysters on mushroom sauced angel hair,  tomahawk pork chops,  pork belly all so incredible. I do not like bread pudding,  but they converted me, beyond delicious. Creme Brule simply amazing.  They start you off with a wedge of sweet corn bread,  I could have eaten a whole pan of it. If you do not try this place you will be sorry.I came in on a Saturday evening with a group of girls. We were expecting a true fine dining experience.  Fine dining is definitely not the word to describe this place. We got to the restaurant around 8:15. The restaurant was small, but it had a southern atmosphere which made it welcoming.  We waited to place our order because the computer systems went down. Not a big deal; however, we started to notice tables that were seated after us were getting appetizers and entrees. We finally got our appetizers after about an hour and a half, the shrimp and eggplant, oysters and angel hair, and the pork belly. All three appetizers were excellent. We also got two soups, the seafood chowder (delish!) and the gumbo (it was okay). It took another hour before getting our entrees. We were literally there for more than two and a half hours. We ordered the Fish of the day, blackened red fish, and the pork chop. Each fish was okay, I don't think it was worth the price tag especially since you don't get any sides with it. The pork chop was amazing though.  Due to the amount of steaks being cooked, it made the restaurant smoky, which made my eyes water. A friend of mine ordered another glass of wine, but decided to cancel it because it was taking forever. When she told the waiter, he responded with "I was about to go to the back and grab the bottle." Let's be honest, he forgot because he was tending to other tables. She expressed her feelings about the service we received, and the waiter was defensive about the service, not once being apologetic.  You would think the manager would be notified and at the very least, discuss the service with the customer. However, the only thing that the manager did was give us complimentary rosé. Also, another friend heard f-bombs being dropped by the pick-up window. Not too professional.  We felt neglected and forgotten about especially since the chef "plans the entrees accordingly".  It's such a shame to give a poor review, especially when the food is so good.A rose by any other name... Restaurant Rebirth does not disappoint.  Come hungry.  Get the pork belly appetizer.  I've been here four times and perfect service and food each time.Very nice atmosphere.  Food was tasty.. though a tad bit overpriced. Attentive wait staff that was eager to please.This place is very good. But it is not 5 star excellent.
The food was all very good....but nothing amazing or memorable.
The beer list was small, and the one I really wanted they were out of.
It is in a cool spot in the warehouse district.
The service was a little over bearing.
I don't know that they gave me a reason to go back, but I had a perfectly nice meal there.We hit a real gem by making a reservation here. I wasn't sure what to expect but Yelp really helped us out here. I was looking for Cajun Creole food for our one big dinner in town and Restaurant Rebirth hit that spot. We made reservations 5 days in advance and got a table for 5 without any issues. LOVED it.
You'll find all the favorites here from pork belly to gumbo to steak. They have it all. I started off with the gumbo which was by far the best I have had. Everyone will have their favorites but this was my gumbo favorite. Served in a piping hot "cauldron" the gumbo was everything you'd want: hearty, warm, spicy, spiced! For my entree I had the Gulf Seafood al Ajillo: a mixture of all the fresh seafood you can get in the area cooked in a white wine reduction and olive oil. 
Others at the table got the pork belly and the tomahawk pork chops and everyone had ecstatic satisfied faces. I'd recommend this restaurant to every person asking for recommendations in the area. Absolutely loved the service. They are little outside of downtown but that just adds to the fact that people will come out of their bubble to eat here. Not much parking so uber yourself over!Great little gem of a restaurant. Excellent farm-to-table restaurant!! The food is outstanding and the service is excellent. We started with the Pork Belly Appetizer. The sweet turnip greens complimented the pork belly very nicely and provided balance to the pork. We couldn't get enough of the crispy outer edge. The main course was a filet which was cooked to perfection and brought out sizzling in butter on a cast iron skillet. Top 5 steak according to my date. My main course was the fish of the day, pompano. The pompano was served in two small filets and served over a bed of mixed vegetables and gnocchi. The pompano was perfectly prepared and melted in my mouth, the vegetables were delicious. The portions are generous and you will want to stop eating long before the food is gone but since it tastes so good you will likely keep eating. For dessert we ordered the white chocolate bread pudding; I personally found it to be a little too sweet but my date thought it was outstanding.Holy. Crap. Go here.
We got the shrimp stuffed eggplant and the just picked greens salad. They were so good.
Entrees were fish of the day and seafood Al ajillo. Both were excellent.
Cafe au lait creme brulee for dessert. Amaze.
Go here.We had dinner at Rebirth last evening. I loved the small intimate space. The staff was cordial and engaging. Manny greeted us and Mark was our server. We ordered the gumbo, garden salad, fried oyster over pasta with a mushroom sauce  and deep fried  stuffed shrimp wrapped with Japanese eggplant. Everything was delicious, appetizers were generous portions and rich. The fried oysters were not quite as crispy as I prefer.  Mark suggested a Greek white wine for us to try and it was OUTSTANDING.Day 1 of our Restaurant Rebirth inspired NOLA trip and within 90 minutes of the wheels touching down, our seats were parked at our original table at Restaurant Rebirth.  Our waiter for the eve was Nick and Jimmy was the manager for the evening and they treated us like royalty - absolutely great service in spite of the restaurant being packed.  Hubby reunited himself with their world famous pork belly.  Once again, silence was upon the table while he went to that private place with the pork belly.  Conversation eventually returned when he realized I was about to steal another portion of the delicious collards that accompanies the PB.  Entrees for the evening included the blackened scallops, cooked to perfection and included something I never had but was wonderful...fried fennel pickles (tasted like a cross between jicama and Granny Smith apples).  Hubby had the Gulf Seafood Al Ajillo; comforting flavors with heat that creeps upon you, so proceed with caution (meaning do not add any hot sauce).  Finished the experience with the best bread pudding ever.  Perfect texture on the inside, light crunch on top and the right balance of sweetness.  Restaurant Rebirth rocks!!!Our waiter Alex was great. The food was excellent. You must try the soup d hour light seafood chowder.Our 5F (Fourth Friday for Friends Foodies and Fun) selected Restaurant Rebirth for our dining experience this month and we are giving it 5F's (that's a good thing).  The food was DELICIOUS.  Our waiter was friendly, patient and attentive.  The manager Manny added the personal touch by coming over and greeting us.  The young fella outside took our photo with a smile. That food tho....the southern cooked greens and hominy and crawfish and tasso maque choux were sooooo good, I think all of the sides may be winners. We all had seafood and it was delicious.  Do try the shrimp and eggplant appetizer!!  Truly one of our favorite and most memorable dining adventures.  We'll be back (Schwarzenegger style).Y'all, say y'all, this place is where you need to be, no lie.
This has been unfairly bookmarked for way more time than it should have been before i made my way in here. Made reservations because you know when you have a fine dining spot with impeccable ratings, it's best not to try your luck on a walk in. My intent was to do the V-day dinner here but they're closed on Sunday, so note that.
Let's get to it, twas my date and i and between the two of us we ordered: Pork Belly (appetizer), 2 glasses of wine (1 Puydeval Cab, 1 Malbec), Filet Mignon, Tomahawk Porkchop and a Crème Brûlée for dessert. All that delicious food for only $118.81! I was expecting to pay more than that but, who's complaining? Not me.
First you MUST, i repeat, MUST get that pork belly appetizer, it is freaking phenomenal i tell you! Smoked to perfection (in house) with their special glaze, the greens, the okra...YES LAWD! It was the perfect introduction that set the tone for what was to be expected from the rest of our dishes.
I had the Tomahawk Pork Chop and it is a behemoth of a serving over a bed of greens, cooked to perfection all the way through. Each bite was a juicy and savory slice of heaven. I actually couldn't finish it, which is rare, especially considering i went in with an enormous appetite. I also saved space, purposely, for dessert. I just had to see what it was hitting for.
My date had the Filet Mignon as she just can't pass up a good steak. That thing came out sizzling, the staff urged caution in your approach and they weren't lying, i could feel the heat coming off of it from my side of the table. Nothing like a good filet and they've got it, and everything else from what i could tell, down packed here.
Leaving room for dessert, i had my first ever creme brûlée. I don't know how it pairs up to other places that serve this light but sweet treat, but my eyes lit up after the first bite. Man, those guys in the kitchen deserve all the praise. So much love put into each dish, i wanted to go back there and hug each one of them.
Service and staff were on point all night. Manny, whom I'm guessing is the manager was doing a great job at making everyone feel welcome and giving a bit of background to some decorations in the restaurant and their in-house methods of handling certain meats. It was all a great experience, i could not be happier with Restaurant Rebirth.
Definitely top 3 recommendations i would offer anyone looking for a fine dining place in the city.
Great job, y'all, really, bravo!Our waitress was delightful and fun! Her recommendations were excellent and the food was really really good! I will definitely go back!Pork belly and gumbo were phenomenal. Both are must haves. Nice, but small space, food makes up for any lack of ambiance.Gumbo was wonderful. Grilled romaine and oysters was excellent. Shrimp and eggplant was incredible.  And Leonard was extremely friendly and attentive.  Wonderful experience.Wow...just wow! About as good as it gets in the Big Easy.  Went with 3 friends, devoured at least half the menu between us. Don't think anyone had a bite of food that was less than excellent. Personal standouts...Pork Belly and Greens appetizer, Eggplant Wrapped Shrimp appetizer and the massive, juicy double cut Pork Chop.  Had a bite of my friends fillet, awesome!  A bite of my friends gumbo...spectacular (more about that later), a bite of scallop, holy s%&t!!! Great cocktails, fairly priced wine list and the best damn cornbread you will ever eat (and I don't like cornbread). Service could not have been better all around. Food was so good, one friend and I went back 2 days later and ate an early, pre-concert dinner at the bar...more gumbo, cornbread and a pasta, fried oyster and mushroom appetizer that was killer!  Cudos to the chef, kitchen staff and rest of the crew at Rebirth. I shall return next time in town.Stopped in here on a weekend trip to New Orleans.  Great meal, every course was phenomenal and our waiter was awesome.  The bread pudding for a dessert is a must!!!Absolutely amazing!! If perfect could be perfect it would equal Restaurant Rebirth! Such a fabulous experience! My family came to New Orleans for the weekend from Los Angeles and Seattle. Our reservations were initially the same time but we pushed them back a bit b/c we had a pretty big lunch. My aunt & uncles reservations were at 6. I started receiving text messages at approximately 6:15 about how amazing the appetizers were. Next wave of messages started with the main dishes. I don't eat pork or beef however it seemed as though the greens and pork belly were making my uncle want to dance. I quickly got dressed and was so excited to begin my experience! The staff was extremely warm and friendly. We sat down and got to business. We had a round of gumbo and the presentation was FABULOUS!!! cast iron pots to eat out of!! The gumbo was absolutely delicious!! My next stop was the "just picked" amazin!! Even the edible flower was delicious. Lastly, I ordered the trout and I was so pleased! My boyfriend ordered the blackened scallops and they were so fresh and perfectly seasoned. I also tasted my sisters chicken. To wrap up our night we ended with the bread pudding. I was literally in a food coma and I was so pleased with my experience. Melvin our server made it even more special!! I'd go back in heart beat!!Amazing food. We visited from NYC on MLK weekend. Picked this based on yelp and TripAdvisor reviews. 
Summary 
Some of the best seafood we've eaten. 
Kind and attentive waiter
Comfort food
Authentic local cuisine
Simple and delicious
We ordered gumbo soup appetizer. This had sausages. It was incredible. Not too salty. Just right. 
Garden salad was chilled crispy and good. Interesting dressing. A bit sweet for my taste but good nonetheless. 
Main course - blackened red snapper with a side dish recommended by waiter. Very fresh, deboned huge serving of flaky white fleshed fish. Very simply prepared. Mild saltiness. Not huge flavoring but the goodness of the fish shines though. This was a very good but not earth-shattering dish. 
Seafood al Ajillo. This was incredible. Flavorful, perfectly cooked and just delicious. Highlight of the meal. I would come back again for this dish. 
We dine all over the world and regularly in NYC at many fine restaurants. This place is exceptional. 
Decor is rustic and authentic local. Not fancy at all but a nice experience. Our waiter was friendly, warm and attentive. 
We feel we had an authentic NOLA dining experience. This is what we came to New Orleans for. Recommended highly. 
FYI - prices were cheap compared to NYC restaurants. Gumbo $8, salad $10, entrees $35.This place is great!  I highly recommend this place! We had the pork-belly and shrimp wrapped in eggplant - delish!Are here twice because the Marriott hotel food  (across the street) was making me ill (processed crap that really felt like it had no love). Rebirth has amazing attentive friendly staff, quality local food selected with care, creative dishes and a comfortable fresh environment. Recommend! Make a reservation in advance! 
Had the filet minion with lump crab on top and the owners moms chimmichurri recipe on the side -- that was king!
If you want to eat lighter, second trip, I had the fish of the day (snapper) with greens/other -- also amazing! 
My colleague had the pork belly, which is smoked for 24hours, and it tasted/ looked amazing!