So on our last night in New Orleans we really wanted an awesome meal. 
We had eaten at some of the typical NOLA classics like Galatoire's and Antoine's. But we wanted something a little less "classic" and a little more...new? trendy? high-end? I think we wanted something a little more "New York". We were at the Hotel Monteleone having afternoon cocktails and asked our waitress her recommendations. She said Restaurant August, without a doubt. I had heard of it and a colleague back home who is from New Orleans had recommended it, but because it wasn't one of the tried and true NOLA classics, I didn't pay much attention.
Obviously I opened my Yelp app and checked it out. Solid reviews, people raving about the food, service, atmosphere. A few photos of the food and interior confirmed that it was, indeed, what we were looking for. 
I made a reservation and all they had left was 9PM. No problemo, we are New Yorkers, after all, we are used to eating mad late. 
We walked over from our hotel on Bourbon Street to the restaurant. It was in what I suppose you would call the business part of town. Much quieter than Bourbon Street, people dressed nicer, ect. 
We walked in and were seated immediately. The space is beautiful. The enormous vintage style crystal chandeliers, wood paneled walls, everything was high end and a lot of thought went into it. It was exactly the sort of more modern and trendy version of what those old New Orleans restaurants looked like inside. 
Our server came over immediately to take our drink order. Because I am a complete and total sucker for martinis, I went with that. They were not even close to disappointing. I was swooning over them in minutes. 
The menu was awesome, we had such a hard time choosing what to have. The waiter was very helpful with this. He asked us what jumped out at us and then went through the composition, cooking method and ingredients in each dish and why he thought they were special. It was incredible to hear about the preparation, each dish had a special twist to it, making it far and away different than that same dish at another restaurant. 
We decided to share appetizers. First, we ordered the Foie Gras prepared three ways. Three small portions of foie gras (which is one of my favorite things) all cold or slightly warmed, each composing their own little dish, completely different from each other, yet tying together nicely. We also had the handmade potato gnocchi, tossed with blue crab and black truffle. It was some of the most perfect gnocchi I have ever had. Substantial, but still light and fluffy. The sauce mixed with the crab and truffles...divine. 
Another round of martinis later, and I was all jazzed up for our entrees. 
But first! An amuse bouche. A half quail egg shell stuffed with a Parmesan mousse and topped with an avocado custard...sounds weird, it was amazing and decadent. 
For my main, I ordered the Chappapeela Farms Duckling, with silver queen corn, buttered radish and blackened foie gras. It was SO GOOD. I have recently discovered that I enjoy duck and August did it right. slightly crispy skin, tender meat, the sauces perfectly complimenting the duck, and enough foie gras to have some with each bite of duck. Really, an incredible dish. 
When they offered us dessert, I was a little hesitant because I was so, so full already. But once again, our waiter went through how each dessert is composed and what ingredients are used, so once again we were pumped and all ordered a dish. 
I had the Banana Pudding and OHMYGODDDDDD. You best book your tickets to NOLA for this dish alone. It came with peanut butter, marshmallow and nila wafer ice cream. I was legit licking my plate clean at the end. Everyone at the table said it was amazing. 
I want more! Help!
All throughout the meal the waiter was attentive and friendly, informative and we never wanted for anything. I was sad to go at the end, but so pleased we took the chance on something in the business district. 
When you are in New Orleans, do yourself a favor and try our John Besh's Restaurant August for an amazing fine dining experience that's full of flavor and skill.If there is one meal in New Orleans worth splurging on, it's Restaurant August.  Chef Besh and team know how to put together thoughtful and creative French cuisine with Southern and occasional Asian influences.
Located across the street from the Doubletree Hotel and the slightly shady Canal St, you will find an understated space that strikes a perfect balance between formal and casual.  The front dining room that's visible from the street is lit by the warm glow of crystal chandeliers.  The wood paneled wine cellar room is also a great space.  We sat in the back room on the first floor, which was relatively plain.
We opted to try both the vegetarian (VG - $72) and standard degustation (DG -$97) five course tasting menus and share all the plates.  We were so glad that we did this because there were some clear winners on both sides of the tasting menu.  Here's a breakdown from both menus:
1st Course
(VG) - Soup of turnip & leek:  The soup was delightfully creamy and amazing.  Our favorite item on the VG menu.  5 stars.
(DG) - Lemonfish cru:  A nice crudo served with an Asian hoisin type sauce and satsuma oranges.  A nice start.  3 stars.
------
2nd Course
(VG) - Grilled broccoli & cauliflower Caesar:  Very creative.  I've never thought about using broccoli and cauliflower with Caesar dressing before, but it was excellent.  5 stars.
(DG) - Tripe Tagliatelle:  Amazing.  The tomato sauce is tangy, but doesn't overpower the dish.  The tripe adds nice texture.  Served with bone marrow butter.  We were scraping the bowl with our bread before we relinquished the plate.  Our #2 overall favorite dish.  5 stars.
-----
3rd Course
(VG) - Sunchoke Capellacci:  We did not have a good experience with sunchokes in the past, but August knows how to make delectable pasta like renditions.  4 stars.
(DG) - Bearded Gulf Tuna:  Fantastically prepared tuna that is just seared on the outside and raw on the inside.  Overall #3 favorite dish.  5 stars.
-----
4th Course
(VG) - Sweet Potato & Crispy Kale:  While not a totally new to world dish, the kale was perfectly crisp and the sweet potato was deliciously hearty.  4 stars.
(DG) - Shoulder & Loin of Venison:  If you have any hesitation for venison, fear not.  August knows how to create incredibly flavorful and tender venison that is reminiscent of beef.  Our overall #1 favorite dish.  5 stars.
------
5th Course
(VG) - Green Apple:  Amazing dessert and our favorite dessert from the menus.  The green apple is served almost like a granita and is a great palate cleanser.  It pairs well with the white chocolate and olive oil ice cream.  If you prefer lighter desserts, get this. 5 stars.
(DG) - Vietnamese Ice Coffee:  The more creative of the two desserts, I wasn't sure how much I personally liked this dessert.  The coffee is a jelly, but the coffee flavor could have punched through stronger in my opinion.  It tasted a bit bland.  The black cocoa sherbert and dark chocolate was awesome, however.  4 stars. 
------
Waitstaff was excellent.  Friendly, professional, efficient.  All the hallmarks of a 5 star level dining experience was observed.  Little details like swapping out our white napkins for black napkins because we were wearing dark clothes.  Asking how we were enjoying each of our dishes after a minute or two.  We could not have been more pleased.
Though I would describe August as 5 star dining, the overall dining experience felt very approachable.  August was by far our favorite dining experience in NOLA and would not hesitate to come back here again for a future dinner.true old school new orleans fine dining, world class service, celebrity chef, james beard awards, what more could you want...very expensive but well priced in class, worth it for that special event or business dinner, this is the type of place where you close the deal.What a beautiful dining experience to be had at August!  Check it:
Love: Frisee Salad with Pumpkin Brittle, Crab Gnocchi
Enamored: Amuse Bouche of White Truffle Custard with Caviar served in an Egg Shell
Love: Filet Mignon with a Potato Funnell imaged to a Bone Marrow 
Fancied: The Roasted Duck
Love: The Vast Selection of Napa Valley Wines
Love to Obession:  The Banana Rum Cake with White Chocolate Shavings
Love: the main dining room with the beautiful exposed bricks and the oppulent chandaliers.  This is a very special restaurant.Overall 4.5 stars, bumped it up instead of down. 
Service: was great at the tables, the bar in the front was OK but bar tenders were not attentive. Considering there was only about 10 people in the bar/waiting area and 2 bar tenders, service should of been awesome but it wasn't. The dining area had a main server and another person that helped and they were awesome, from recommendations, making sure wine and spirits were always flowing. 
Food: We ordered almost every appetizer and everything was good but there were a few stars.
Appetizers:
Foie Gras: made three ways and each had its own distinct take on the traditional, they were all delicious but the PB&J was not my liking only because I am not a fan of sweets. 
Potato Gnocchi: That was smooth silky and delicious, one of my favs. 
Crawfish "touffe": A great take on the traditional, they were wrapped in wonton skins and sat in the eetoufee broth, one of the best eetoufee or toufees I had in NOLA. 
Agnolotti: Rabbit was moist and flavorful without any gaminess at all. 
Entrees: 
Breaded Flounder: delicious and very balanced, it was light and delicate inside and crispy on the outside. 
Roasted Duckling: Duck was flavorful and moist, the foie gras and tomatillo went well together, the tartness of the tomatillo cut through the richness. 
Lamb: This was the only disappointing dish, the lamb was a little overdone which made it a little chewy to eat, it was not horrible but it was not on the same level as the rest of the meal. 
Overall: Strong 4.5 Stars, if it weren't for the overdone Lamb and mediocre service in the bar, the solid 5 stars!What a spectacular dining experience.  The ambiance, service, and especially the food were all impeccable.  Chef John Besh got this one right.  
August came highly recommended by a chef I really admire (Chef Kris Morningstar), so my wife and I went there for a special dinner while in town for her birthday celebration.  It was absolutely exquisite.
I knew we were in for a treat when the amuse bouche blew my mind (I'll come back to this later).  We subsequently indulged in black truffle gnocchi that were incredibly fluffy and delicious--like heavenly little pillows.  The truffle flavor was at the forefront of this dish, yet somehow not overpowering as I feel truffles can sometimes be. I suspect this was because the dish was loaded with fresh truffle shavings as opposed to being doused with truffle oil.  It was magic.  OMG.
We also shared an heirloom tomato salad with lump crab meat.  I'm not a salad guy, but I could live on this dish alone.  So much flavor.  So fresh.  And the crab was delectable.  
For the entree, I had the lamb which was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious.  The accompanying greens were terrific, but if I had criticize anything out of the whole meal, it would be the starch that was served with the lamb. It was good--it just didn't jive with the rest of the dish for me.  Regardless, I'd still give the entree 9 out of 10.
Service throughout the meal was just right.  Attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable without being intrusive.  I asked our server to pair a wine with the lamb, and after consulting with their sommelier, he served me a glass that was just the right flavor for the dish.  Besides being an excellent pairing that accented both the dish and the wine itself, there were two things that stood out to me:  1) when given authority to select my wine, he did not stick me with a very expensive choice and 2) he brought out the (still unopened) bottle for me to see and taste before serving my 'by the glass' wine.  I've been to a lot of nice restaurants, and I had never experienced this before.  I was so caught off guard that I committed a faux pas and tried to clarify that I only ordered a glass.  He tactfully said, "Yes sir, I just wanted you to have an opportunity to taste the wine before enjoying it with your meal."  First class.
At the end of our meal, we sent our compliments to the chef and to the staff for what was a very memorable evening of fine dining.  Our server informed us that they had a lunch special the following day that we might enjoy, and though we were only in town for a short time, we were compelled to return and have one more meal at August.  Good call.  Once again, everything was ridiculously good (especially my soft shell crab).  Though we had a different server for our lunch, she recognized that we were in the evening before and asked the kitchen to serve a different amuse bouche (so that we wouldn't have the same one we had the evening prior).  Who does that?!  Professionalism at its best.
If you're in New Orleans, go here and splurge.  Don't look at the bill.  Just tip big, sign it, and go to bed happy.Wonderful. I was looking forward to this meal and it did not disappoint. We walked in on a Friday night and grabbed a seat at the bar fairly easily. They have a good amount of seating in the bar area. They have an extensive wine menu, but unfortunately my husband and I were already drunk from all day drinking and did not want to partake in drinking. We were first given delicious bread and homemade butter. I have to admit I am a sucker from bread and butter, but this was freshly baked and the butter was freshly whipped and had this great sour taste. Then we were given a complimentary egg starter. I am honestly not sure exactly what this was, but it was delicious. I think it was whipped egg with caviar on top that gave it this great saltyness. For entrees my husband had the stuffed shrimp with crab that was very good and i had the a fish dish. I am actually forgetting the fish type, but it had a crisp top, I think some type of seared bread with a mushroom and blue crab mixture on top. The topping of the fish was amazing. I did care to much for the fish itself. It was good service and food.Went with my wife in March of 2011. Thoroughly enjoyed the "degustation" (tasting menu). The roast pork "crackling" with ramen noodles and poached duck egg is absolutely a 5-star dish. Also a sucker for blood oranges, of which Chef Besh made excellent use. Is it the best restaurant I've ever been to? No. But would I recommend August to anyone? And would I return? Absolutely yes.Excellent meal with spectacular service.  My wife had the vegetarian tasting menu with the wine pairing and I had the degustation tasting menu with the wine pairing.   Overall everything was spectacular.  The amuse bouche for each of us set things off on the right track.  I loved the soup.  The yellowfin was a little uninspired.  But rest of menu just blew us away.   It was light and flavorful.  The wines paired up perfectly with the dishes.  Strongly recommend.What an amazing meal! Started with trio of foie gras and moved onto duck more foie gras. The service is impeccable also. A must visit.This place is beautiful inside! Very upscale and dressy. 
Dinner: The royal red shrimp & crab ravigote was delicious as well as the potato gnocchi (probably my favorite).  The spicy crab cornmeal tartelette was good, but it's very skimpy, I don't think it's worth getting. I had the roasted grouper for dinner and that was delicous.  The grouper serving was a good amount and the topped blue crab was amazing. 
Dessert: the "Dirt Cake" was delicious with the exception of the passion fruit, I didn't care for it with the chocolate, but the dessert was a good portion, enough to share.  The banana fior di latte was interesting, I only had one bite, not my kind of dessert. Be prepared to spend a lot of money here!Wonderful evening at August! Fabulous food in a beautiful atmosphere. First time there and will definitely return. Service was good as well.Wonderful experience!
Steep pricing ( but appropriate ) for a fine meal.
Try the economy lunch on Friday.Life is short and you have to make Restaurant August a New Orleans Destination!!!  Amazing Mouthful of Hey Now and Happiness!!Our favorite dinner from a recent trip. Everything was perfection - and actually less expensive than expected.  Husband loved the grouper and my soft shell crab was fantastic.  The drinks were creative and the scene was lively.  Highly recommend.One of the overall best meals I've had in a long time. I love duck, and thought mine was cooked perfectly. I forget what kind of orange peppers were on the side, but they were especially delicious. The gnocchi appetizer my husband and I shared was melt in your mouth amazingness. I would definitely recommend visiting this restaurant when you're in New Orleans!Great place and great experience. Service is 5 star. a bit expensive but good food and service.This was my 2nd time eating at August and once again it did not disappoint. The gnocchi is to die for!!We tried the tasting menu with paired wine. Everything was mind blowing delicious and the flavors and textures were playful and fun. The only reason I did not give August five stars is one dish just didn't work for me. Lamb three ways. Saddle (yummy) but sweet breads not so much. It could be personal taste issues with me, but the mouth feel was alarming. There was a third presentation that I don't even know what it was but it tasted like an over-breaded over-fried piece of wood. The saddle of lamb was delicious as was the rest of the meal, I just wish the other lamb never made it to my plate.We had dinner here the other night after hearing some pretty fantastic feedback from local friends and it definitely has reason for the reputation.
The ambiance of the restaurant is intimate and classy in a restored building with grand chandeliers and beautiful large windows. The first room is a small waiting room and bar. Low lighting and definitely tiny enough that I imagine people get pretty snuggly during the dinner rush. The dining room is separated by a glass door 
Our server greeted us as soon as we were seated and brought us out an impressive wine list. My husband discovered his new favorite Riesling and I had a phenomenal Malbec. Our server was knowledgeable about gf and was very accommodating even asking the kitchen to alter a couple dishes slightly making them gf for me.
The first thing we tasted was an amuse-bouche in an eggshell. It was a very interesting flavor and an even more interesting texture. My husband described it like eating clouds that disappear on your tongue! It was an epicurious beginning for sure! Next, I had the spicy crab with cheese grits that they made gf for me and the sauce and texture of the dish were incredible. My husband really enjoyed the potato gnocchi as well. My entree was a venison loin which was served with delicately prepared accompaniments and had a very nice sauce with it. The sausage was not my favorite but that was personal preference. My husband had the pork and loved everything about it. We were too full for dessert but appreciated the complimentary chocolates and pralines they brought us. All dishes were beautiful and artistically plated.
This place certainly delivers on complex flavors, unique and high quality ingredients, and overall provides a delicious meal with professional and attentive service. It is going to be a higher priced outing but they deliver on all accounts so it is certainly worth it.My boyfriend took me here for my birthday. The ambiance of the restaurant is nice, but service was brisk and unimpressive. We did reserve the last seating of the day, but that should be not be an excuse. 
The bread to start was just okay. However, the egg and pumpkin mousse amuse bouche was really light and delicious, with just a hint of pumpkin flavor with the texture of whipped cream. It was a fun way to start our meal.
We also started with the black truffle homemade gnocchi with blue crab. The black truffle shavings on top gave the dish that nice additional crunchy texture and the homemade gnocchi was seriously so amazing. The truffle wasn't overpowering and the blue crab was plentiful, FRESH, and delicious. 
Our second appetizer was equally if not more mind blowing.. the FOIE GRAS 3 WAYS. I'm not going to talk about each one cause you just have to try it for yourself. All 3 were soooo amazing. It's served with a fat and buttery slice of toasted brioche bread. perfection.
Our entrees, especially following the appetizer, were disappointing. I ordered the trout with a hollandaise foam, blue crab, shrimp, and wild mushrooms. The mushrooms were way too salty and the fish a little dry. The hollandaise foam sauce was tangy and yummy, but was just way too salty with the mushrooms. 
My boyfriend ordered the soft shell crab with brown butter. Needless to say, this was a super heavy dish. It was tasty but not amazing. 
We finished our meal with a complimentary dessert sampler, all of which were really goodThe gnocchi was PHENOMENAL. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars in my book is because I can't justify the tiny portion. I wanted a bottomless bowl of the stuff. The grouper was equally delicious and so moist. Sorry, gross word. Overall great experience, though. Very attentive staff. Plusssss there is only a small corkage fee so you can BYO favorite bottle.If dessert is any prediction of what a meal here could be like, you'll need to find room for another star!
The tinkling music in the background melds well with the twinkling chandeliers alight throughout the establishment. I sat in the seating area of the bar but there are tall windows connecting you to the adjoining room where you can see everyone enjoying their meals under soft lighting - which as you know makes everyone look better!
The staff are very efficient and professional. The ambiance is definitely upscale so save this for a night when you have time to get gussied up proper-like. 
I enjoyed the banana pudding with a glass of champagne and wished I was brave enough to have ordered two servings - it was that good. The presentation makes it "almost" too good to eat, but after a small taste you are full-speed ready to devour this. Bites of marshmallow, peanut butter banana pudding, nilla wafer crumble AND ice cream?! *sigh*
Just a few minutes off Canal Street, this is a great night cap location to finish off the night - or get it started!A sublime dining experience. We brought our three children, and they were extremely accommodating. Wine pairings with the tasting menu were superb.My husband and I had dinner here a couple of weeks ago, and it was everything we thought it would be! Some places never live up to the hype, but that's not the case with August.  Everything we had was delicious!
Appetizer- we had the gnocchi, and long story short- it was amazing
Entree- I had the trout amandine and it was the best I've ever had.  My husband had the steak and it was also really good.
Dessert- I had the banana pudding, which just won an award recently for best dessert, and it was hands down the best dessert I've ever had.  There were so many different flavors- peanut butter ice cream, banana pudding, vanilla wafers....pure awesomeness.My wife and I had a lovely lunch at Restaurant August today.  The $20.11 price fixed lunch is an amazing value, the food was exquisite,  and the service impeccable.   My wife was particularly enamored of her heirloom tomato appetizer, as the balsamic pearl provided what she referred to as a taste explosion.  I really enjoyed the lamb belly entrée,  but it was all good.  Highly recommended.We went for the prixe fixe lunch- what a great deal! We had an amazingly attentive waiter who didn't rush us and took the time for small talk, which we enjoyed. The food was superb- flavorful, fresh, local, organic/natural, perfectly executed. As former farmers, we are extremely picky about the quality of our food. I was happy to hear that Chef Besh is raising his own heritage breeds of pigs on pasture and that much of the food was local and organic. 
Warm, full fat (but not greasy), inventive, fresh Southern cuisine!Such a nice experience for farm to table dining in Nola. I'm vegan but chef was able to realign the vegetarian tasting menu. Awesome service. Attentive without hovering. Coquette is a bit better for the food but August makes up for it with spectacular service and ambience and location.We are staying at the Windsor Court Hotel and decided to try August for lunch upon the recommendation of good friends. We were dressed appropriately based on other nice NOLA restaurants we've been to. When we walked into the completely empty restaurant at 11:30am, the  hostess said there was nothing available in the dining room for the entire lunch period. It was puzzling, so we returned to our hotel, where the concierge promptly told us there was an available reservation at 11:45am available at August. After being treated this respectfully by the restaurant, we will never bother to try it.  Very disappointing, as we dine out all over the country and always promote a good dining and service experience.  Thumbs down to this one!We had a prix fixe lunch here and it was very good. We didn't get the chance for dinner but would like to return another time for that. We thought the prix fixe lunch was a good deal for what you get and would happily return again. The restaurant is fairly large and decorated well. Everything was very clean and the staff were attentive. White tablecloth service even during lunch. 
Visited October 2012We were traveling to NOLA to celebrate our wedding anniversary, and Restaurant August was recommended to us by a few friends, so we decided to give them a try--so glad we did!
The restaurant is in an older building, with wonderfully high ceilings and unusual historical features (ie: rounded corners).  The front dining room, where we sat, had beautiful chandeliers and a warm buzz.  The service was excellent; just what you would expect-attentive, yet subtle, and not rushed.
We decided to try their current Degustation menu, complete with wine pairings.  This was $140/person and worth every single cent.
If you can swing it, do yourself a huge favor and try the Degustation-it's such a great way to really see the talent of a chef.
The menu included 5-courses:  
Salad of local watermelon and roasted plums
with house smoked lamb bacon and herbed yogurt
Paired with
Prosecco & Raboso, Ca'Vittoria Brut Rosé,
Conegliano-Valdobbiadene DOCG, Italy, NV
Two Run Farm sweetbread tortellini
chanterelles, Aleppo pepper and goat milk Asiago
Paired with
Pinot Grigio, La Bellanotte, Ramato, "Conte Lucio,"
Collio, Friuli, Italy, 2009
Grilled jumbo Louisiana shrimp over popcorn rice risotto
with baby squash, Progress Dairy Creole cream cheese
and house made chorizo
Paired with
Marsanne, Ferraton Père & Fils, Crozes-Hermitage Blanc,
Rhone Valley, France, 2010
Chappapeela Farms pork "graton"
crushed field peas, bing cherries and cherry pork jus
Paired with
Pinot Noir, Thierry & Pascale Matrot, Monthélie,
Cote de Beaune, Burgundy, France, 2009
Chocolate "chess pie"
Paired with
Valrhona feuilletine and peppermint ice cream
Moscato di Asti, Elio Perrone, "Sourgal,"
Piedmont, Italy, 2010
We THOROUGHLY enjoyed each course, with the shrimp and risottto as our favorite, and all made us realize the true excellence of Chef John Besh.
I hope someday we'll venture back to NOLA and experience August again-it was simply divine and an absolutely wonderful experience from start to finish.A Yelp friend received this restaurant as a recommendation.  We ordered several plates to sample as much of the menu as possible.  The foie gras prepared three ways was delicious.  But the gnocchi was our favorite.  Add on top of the the great service and this was by far one of my best dining experiences in New Orleans.Restaurant August benefits from the famed chef, John Besh, and its beautiful location within an antique townhouse.  The multi-level dining space offers customers several quaint rooms in which to enjoy their elaborate meals.  The steep prices are offset by the extremely professional and courteous service.  However, the food does not live up to expectations.
My friend and I began our meal with full-bodied glasses of Savignon Blanc and Cabernet.  We also enjoyed crisp, doughy rolls similar to mini-baguettes.  Our delightful amuse bouche consisted of a large quail egg stuffed with a creamy foie gras and truffle mousse, all topped with fresh black caviar.  For an appetizer, I ordered the Salad of Heirloom Beets, Crab Meat, cherry wood Bacon, Mizuna (mustard greens), and Quail Eggs with Black-Eyed Pea Croutons.  The salad was tart and overdressed.  The bacon was pure fat and almost impossible to digest.  The "crab meat" was more of a salad and was drenched in mayonnaise.  The beets provided a necessary crunch and sweetness to the otherwise bitter salad.  My friend started with the Hand-Made Potato Gnocchi, which were blended with a creamy blue crab and Perigold truffle sauce.  The gnocchi were rich and comforting, though had little shellfish or truffle essence.  
Our entrees were inspired but poorly executed.  My Speckled Trout was breaded and greasily fried.  The crisp fish was served among Louisiana crab, white shrimp, toasted almonds, all coated in a sauce mousseline.  The dish was very heavy and not my taste.  My friend's Kobe Beef Short Ribs were tender and slow-braised.  They were plated with rapini, baby root vegetables, and a rösti potato.  While the short ribs were an improvement when compared to my seafood meal, they were still unsatisfying.  We decided to pass on dessert after such lackluster pre-courses, but were granted some delicious macaroons that were the highlight of the meal.  
Restaurant August provides a marginal culinary experience, but is over-hyped and over-priced.I was sitting at the bar so I'm not sure how was the service in the main dining room, but service at the bar was ok.. Food was good as expected for a 4 star restaurant but nothing outstanding.  In fact I don't remember what I had from just a couple nights ago. Hmm..Every meal here has been nothing short of amazing...from the food, to the waitstaff, to the ambiance.  Our last meal was on New Years Eve and fantastic.  Even though the bone marrow wrapped in potato was not on the menu for the night, once my girlfriend asked about it the waiter mentioned it to the chef and he added it to our meal without hesitation.  The lamb and filet were wonderful along with the blue crab gnocchi appetizer and bannana rum white chocolate shaving cake.  I will never visit New Orleans without eating at August!!! Thank you John Besh!!!chef John Besh creates some awesome dishes. full of flavor but with delicate precision.  had a wonderful 5 course lunch, awesome service :)Highly recommend! The food is exquisite but the restaurant isn't stuffy at all. We went in thinking we'd do the tasting menu and the super friendly and knowledgable wait staff helped us craft our own. From the amuse to dessert everything was pretty perfect. Highlights are the black truffle gnocchi and the trout with roasted wild mushrooms. The blonde chocolate cake was one of the top 10 desserts of our lives. Special place perfect for a special occasion. Lovely decor. Go go go!Had dinner there this past Sunday for our 10th anniversary.  One of the best dining and eating experiences.  To say the least the service was top notch and we felt well cared for and the wine recommendations were spot on.
My wife chose the squash blossom dishes from the vege fixed side and that was fantastic.  I had the foie app and it was great, though I was not a fan of the peanut butter and jelly creation.  The peanuts over powered the foie and it just tasted like P&J which I wasn't expecting. 
I had the lamb and my wife the Wagyu dish.  Both were amazing but the Wagyu was the best dish Ive ever tasted.Eh.  I don't know about this place.  The decor is nice, warm and inviting but I came here for the food so lets get down to business.  We sat at the bar and waited for an extremely long time for drinks.  The bartender was busy and noticeably stressed but seemed to be trying to keep up so we were forgiving.  The amuse bouche was, simply put, terrible.  It was some kind of fish custard with caviar in an egg shell.  The egg shell idea was cute but really, room temperature fish custard?  Think about that for a second. Yup, no good.  We ordered the gnocchi to start which was fantastic..light and fluffy with a perfect cream and truffle sauce. Delicious. 
     My friend had some questions about the lamb dish...there was a word we didn't know and unfortunately can't remember now.  We asked the bartender and she said she didn't know but thought it was the name of the farm it came from.  We knew that was incorrect and had an inkling it was the cut of meat so asked her to ask someone else.  Turns out we were correct. We then asked if it was similar to a rack of lamb and the bartender again said she didn't know and that she doesn't know what a rack of lamb is. What?  I'm sure Josh Besh would flip if he knew that.  Then she told us she always orders chicken fingers when she goes out to dinner.  Um. Perhaps she should keep that to herself.
      Ok, back to the food.  The whole lamb thing threw us off and I decided to order the white asparagus soup.  It was hardly edible and tasted like tangy warm cream and butter.  White asparagus isn't exactly the most flavorful veg but I was floored that the chef let that dish come out of the kitchen.  I sent it back to the kitchen which is something I rarely do.  The manager came over and said sorry, "want me to run across the street and get you some gumbo instead?". What?  I told him I didn't like gumbo.  Whether he was joking or not it was still extremely unprofessional.  I've worked in the business for years and know that you don't handle customers like that. rude.
At that point we were turned off by the food and moved on to dessert.  The dessert we had was delicious.....toffee/nougat Napoleon with a salted toffee ice cream....it was SUPERB.
All in all, I think this place is overrated.  The bartenders need a ton more training on food and customer relations.  The food is so so but to their credit, I only tried three things and 2 out of three were good. Not great. Good.
I don't think I'll be making a return visit any time soon.I was seriously disappointed with this restaurant. The front door staff was nice and seated us right away (we had a reservation). The waiter's assistants (food runners, etc) were super nice and responsive, but the service from waiter was terrible. His entire focus was on a big table of 6 next to us, likely assuming their bill would be much bigger than our table of only 2 people. 
We sat for about 10 -15 mintues before anyone came over to offer us drinks, and it was a food runner not the waiter. We ordered a bottle of wine, which finally came after another 10-15 minutes. It was not cold enough for a bottle of white. Meanwhile the waiter, who still has not come to our table, is bringing out bottles of wine to the table of 6 right next to us. It's not like he didn't see us, so it was clear we were simply not his priority. During the meal, we literally had to ask a food runner for a refill of our glasses which would go empty for 5-10 minutes. Again, the food runner came to the rescue-- zero attention from the waiter. It was really ridiculous. We were actually laughing about how bad it was. 
We both found the food to be way oversalted, from the egg amuse bouche to the redfish served in the shape of a cylinder with crab meat stuffed inside. The black truffle gnocchi appetizer had no more than 8 tiny pieces of the blandest gnocchi I've ever tasted and hardly any truffle flavor. The beet and bacon salad which I was pretty excited about (expecting a super-gourmet version of a salad with pretty simple ingredients) was just an o.k. salad with simple ingredients. Nothing to write home about. Needless to say we passed on dessert and I don't plan on returning.World class dining on par with any 3 star Michelin restaurants you will ever fall into. Impeccable in every way.  But for $20.12?  Are you bloody kidding me? What was so amazing is that even on the lunch special we were treated like royalty.  There were 2 amuse in the three courses and the service was a perfect blend of NOLA hospitality and old world class.  Without a doubt one of the greatest places we have ever been and we have been to a lot of places.  Enjoyed a nice dry Provence rose for about $45 that was the perfect compliment to the food and the setting.  You could have closed your eyes and thought you were in St Remy but when you hear the booming voice of Mark the head waiter, you knew you were smack dab in the South.  And as a Southerner myself, that's were I like to be.  
The complete pate kit was one of the greatest presentations of the French standard I have ever seen.  You can only experience it and really can't explain it.  Anyone who knows food must include this spot on their rotation.  It is now forever on mine.My fiance and I got a reservation a month in advance for our Holiday trip to NOLA.  I had heard such incredible things about this restaurant - and unfortunately it failed to live up to my expectations.
Food:
We started with an amuse bouche - delicious.  Our appetizers: market salad and red curry.  Both were incredible, well-balanced and beautifully served.  The salad may have been the "perfect" dish (and wish I knew what exactly was in it so I could recreate).  The curry, while flavorful and overall excellent, did not need the pork belly.
Great start - with a poor finish.  We both ordered the "select cuts of beef" - my fiance had the filet, I had the bone-in-rib eye.  The meat was sub-par.  The most disappointing aspect was the kitchen's failure to trim the rib eye!!!  I had to cut off two inches of pure fat (not the edible kind) before finding an edible morsel.  This is absolutely amateur - and unbelievable for a $50 cut of beef.  The bone marrow crust was not a great addition to the beef (which itself had a poor texture and so-so marbling).
Overall - very disappointing.  Will not return.Had high hopes for this place, as heard nothing but good things about the food & service. Our service was excellent waiter was very friendly, knowledgeable and knew the menu & ingredients like nobody's business. The problem was cold fish, 3 of the 7 members of our party ordered the same fish dish, all three came cold. Yuk cold fish. No biggie, sometimes mistakes happen.  The issue is what they did from here. The cook/staff obviously just took the fish still on the plate(s) and just stuck them in the oven as when they came back the plates were piping hot but the fish was not at all.  The waiter came back to our table and said that he had taken our plates of fish back to the kitchen and that he had put his fingers in our fish and it was indeed cold for the SECOND time Kudos for telling the truth & trying to accommodate us.  Why would the restaurant choose to try & just reheat our fish, this is NOT Red Lobster, this was in my opinion a short cut.  We did not have them try for a third time, free desserts , blah blah. But dinner for those of us that were lucky enough to have our entrees arrive eatable  while the others did not.  Think that mistakes happen it's how you handle them.  Had no need for free desserts as was planning to go to Cafe Dumont, still got a bill for &350+ will not go back too many other fabulous places to go.  Wish it had not worked out this way as we regularly stay at the hotel across the street and this would have been our regular stopBy far the best meal we had in New Orleans - probably in our entire NOLA history of visits
Seeing Restaurant August had a Veggie Tasting Menu, we knew this was somewhere we needed to try - made our rezzies way ahead of time to ensure our slot & you'll want to do the same, veggie or not.  They were quoting a 2 hr wait time & this was at 9:30pm!!
When people make a fuss about you *must* dress up, pay no attention!  We personally decided to dress Business Casual & were the middle of the road.  I loved the fact this place was eclectic - people were in jeans / polos, all the way to very dressy.
And I have a surprise for you.....money spends the same no matter what you're wearing.  In San Francisco, we don't stand on pretense & I'm happy to see New Orleans isn't as strict w/ their dress codes like they used to be, either.  If you want to be fancy, do it.  If you want to be more casual, do it...the choice is YOURS.  It makes for a more pleasurable dining experience when one is comfortable.... okay, off the soap box
Arrived a bit early & decided to enjoy their bar - the Mr had a Pisco Sour & it was foamy & smooth.  I ordered a lavender-gin something-or-other whose name I can't remember but it was the winner.  Tart from the lemon, sweet from the lavender & the gin was strong but not overpowering
A table opened even before our drinkys were ready but we were a bit disappointed to find they seated us almost next to the entrance.  It was chilly w/ the door opening all the time so we asked to be moved & got a wonderful table inside a small, intimate, room = much better!
Amuse Bouche - whipped egg w/ teeny chewy bites of crispy leek ( or onion) but it was savory & had a bit of chew that made it outstanding
Veggie Tasting Menu + Wine Paring - you *have* to do the wine paring!
1st Course:  Sweet Pea Soup w/ Artichoke Crisps.  This was a cold soup w/ incredible pungent taste.  Peas tend to be a bit bland but not here - loved the strong pea taste & the crisps added a nice texture layer that complimented the soup very well
2nd Course:  Stuffed Artichoke w/ Blood Orange Aioli & Green Olives. Another winner - the artichoke was perfectly soft but stood up to the slicing & dicing.  Paired w/ the olives added a nice flavor layer of saltiness & chew that I'd never thought to put together
3rd Course:  Cauliflower "steak" w/ Caramelized Chanterelles Mushrooms in Balsamic Reduction.  The cauliflower was charred (in a good way) and was caramelized & when paired w/ those mushrooms & mopped up in the sauce, it was a treat
4th Course:  Gnocchi w/ Truffle & Butter Sage Sauce  ( This was an addition of our own & is not found on their regular tasting menu but after reading the description & hearing the waiter describing it to fellow diners, we *had* to try!  And biggest props to the waiter to ensure this was veggie for us - as it usually has crab - and a fishy sauce, which was subbed out )
Soft pillows that were fluffy w/ just a bit of chew - on the verge of being overcooked (1 little pillow was) but the truffle taste was abundant & pungent & the butter sauce added a nice richness that was a delight
5th Course:  Banana Pudding - caramelized banana, banana meringue, Niller Wafer ice cream, PB powder, & a marshmallow drizzle.  Knowing marshmallow is on the  veggies' naughty list due to its being made w/ gelatin, we were happily informed theirs had NO gelatin.....score!  This was eye-roll inducingly good & might even rank as 1 of my most delish desserts ever tasted!...... paired this w/ a few cognacs & the combo was heightened even more
The check is presented w/ little Pralines which were likewise phenomenal - soft, fresh, & buttery w/ that lovely pecan chew!
Total damage?
2 people
3 hrs
6 courses
Cocktails, wine pairing & multiple cognacs
$385 (including tip)
This was a bargain & we'll definitely make this a place for every visit!We chose this restaurant since we had such a great dining experience at one of John Besh's other restaurants, Luke. The restaurant is enormous and the dining rooms are spectacular. This is fine dining to its best! Each table is assigned 2 servers to attend to our every desire. If you have a sip of water, they are there to refil it in the next 5 minutes. I wish we were hungrier so we could have opted for the 4-course tasting menu, but we just were not hungry enough. 
He started with shrimp shu-mai, basically shrimp potstickers. The consumme was amazing and brimming with seafood flavor. I started with the local chop salad, filled with all sorts of local vegetables and fruits. I thoroughly enjoyed the salad and savored every bite. Some of the included items were pomegranate seeds, cauliflower, pear, and carrots. 
He ordered the redfish and I ordered sugar and spice duckling. The redfish was perfectly cooked and the broth was savory as well. The duck was flavored just like how duck is often cooked in Chinese restaurants. The foie gras was a delectable treat on the dish. The grits were not too flavorful on their own, but it was good to soak up the sauce.
We normally share one dessert, but we each had to order our own dessert since everything looked good. He ordered the ambrosia, filled with fruit perfectly in season, such as figs and berries. They even included tiny mini marshmallows scattered between fruit. I ordered the goat milk cheesecake. It was a light cheesecake on top of a crunchy almond crust and topped with a piece of white chocolate. There was a streak of balsamic caramel across the plate, which added some acidity to cut through the cheesecake. Dessert was one of the best parts of the meal
The bill came with pieces of chocolate truffles and peanut brittle. They were both unspeakably decadent.Had an early dinner tonight, alone.  Restaurant August lived up to my expectations.  This is my eighth or ninth time here over the years.  I can now say I have never had anything less than an excellent dinner.  I started with a glass of Duval Leroy champagne in the bar as they opened.  Followed with the foie gras three ways, Pecan smoked beef and a glass of J Christopher Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley).  The foie was delectable!  The Pinot was quite good.  The beef was fantastic on the unsmoked cut, but over smoked on the other.  cutting off the edge diminished the smoke to a great flavor and the beef was fantastic.  I ordered another glass of Napa Cabernet which was not good, but when I didn't drink it found it was not on my bill, without saying anything.  That is classy!  Finished with the banana pudding which was good and a glass of Germain-Robin brandy from California (one of my favorites) and a perfect cup of french press coffee.  Only way to finish was a 1.5 mile walk back to the time-share while talking to my wife.  What a great night!  
Don't miss a chance for a real Five Star dinner here.Service is impeccable.  Was not a fan of the food - with the exception of the amazing banana pudding which is unlike any you've ever had before.  This deconstructed creation was heavenly.  In fairness to August, everyone else was quite pleased with there food.  I'd say, unless you have a sophisticated pallet and enjoy different flavors and foods, you might want to stay away from August and go another Besh restaurant like Luke.I had very high expectation before coming to dine here. It was definitely a very memorable and romantic night with my bf. We had the 6 course dinner with wine pairings. We were led to a private corner table, which was exactly what we were looking for. You can see the entire wine selections which were just amazing. The staff was very knowledgable when we asked questions on the dishes and wines. The services was exceptional. The food was so good and well presented. Nothing I can complain about - it's perfect!Friday lunch is a must here; be sure to make reservations far in advance unless you can get there before 12 and sit in the bar (first come basis). The prie fixe is a wonderful sample of the style of cuisine Besh does so well, and is priced by the year ($20.15, better come before the price goes up next year ;-)Restaurant August, from James Beard award-winning chef, John Besh is a swanky eatery that's all the rage in NOLA. Although pricey, we opted for the degustation menu for the most rounded gourmet experience. First course was crabmeat, jellyfish and shrimp salad with fresh herbs and fish sauce. Although my least favorite, it was fine dining in the highest order. Next came calabaza squash cappelletti (pasta) with oxtail and bone marrow. I've never been a fan of bone barrow until this dish when it melted like butter and united with the sauce to become, quite possibly, the best dish of the trip. 
For the full review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/I have eaten at Michelin star restaurants all over the world and I can sincerely say this is one of the best meals I've ever had. Flavors so unique my tastebuds could barely process them. Preparations so beautiful they should be displayed in a museum. If you're looking to splurge while in town, this is your place. The portion sizes are pretty small so go for the tasting menu!Good taste and service. 
The cookies in the end is a bit too sweet but everything else is great. 
Lovely dinnefThis was the best meal in New Orleans for us. We had early reservations and were seated quickly. They have a tasting menu that you can also order ala carte in addition to the regular menu items. We got the yellowtail cru from the tasting menu, gnocchi, crispy pompano, and pork tenderloin. You must ask questions on the menu items! They only list a few ingredients but it is so much more. The yellowtail cru reminded me of lox. The gnocchi was the best that I've ever had. They are usually too gummy but these were really like pillows. I was between the pompano and the grouper but decided to get pompano since it was a lighter dish. However it was still full of flavor and I love the white fish with the crispy skin. My husbands pork came with crispy dirty rice which cooked very different than typical creole style. Last but not least we got dessert. Our server was really enthusiastic and described everything on the menu. We decided to go with his recommendations of almond halwa and ants on a log. They also gave us the banana pudding which was rated best in the city. We didn't want to order it since we just had banana pudding the night before but we were so glad to try it. It was very different than typical puddings but it had a moist banana bread, brûlée bananas. The almond halwa was good but the black currant sauce was too powerful. The ants on a log was very interesting with different textures and I loved the creativity in the dish. Lastly the bill came with some small treats that were just as tasty. So if you're too stuffed for dessert, you'll get some small sweets to end the night. The service was fabulous, my water was never more than 2/3 empty and everyone was very friendly. This has got to be one of the top restaurants I've ever been.Wellllll I'm going to start by saying that this review is going to be very biased, but still completely accurate and reliable.  Think 7 o'clock news.  
This is where my fiance proposed to me so "woo hoo as good as it gets" is putting it mildly.  
The food here is exquisitely prepared, balanced and presented.  Your palate will do back-flips, pirouettes, and jazz hands.  Taste the fresh juiciness of seasonal tomatoes kicked up with the punch of pickled melons.  Let a perfectly seared duck breast or foie gras melt in your mouth.  Seriously.  Don't chew, just let it melt.  Cut into a tender, perfectly cooked rib eye with the most flavorful marrow-breadcrumb crust and compliment that savory, smoky meatiness with (again) fresh, juicy, sweet tomatoes.  Finish it with a devil's food cake that would melt even his heart.  Deeply chocolate without being heavy and set off with fresh, juicy cherries.  Just divine!
The service here is impeccable.  August in one of those places that has mastered the art of making you feel informed, taken care of, spoiled, and still left in peace.  We had 3 servers and 1 sommelier who were all perfect gentlemen.  They kindly answered all our questions, helped us making the perfect choices for the night, and helped my fiance execute a flawless proposal that involved quite a few different roles and responsibilities.
The restaurant itself has a simple, classy and understated atmosphere.  The lounge/bar area is really nice and would be perfect for a more casual get together with a small group of friends or the start/end of a date.  The actually dining rooms a great for larger groups and intimate dinners (obvi!).   
Thank you Warren, Jeff, Erald and of course John Besh for creating a space where excellent memories are made--even if you're not getting proposed to.This was the ultimate dining experience, and probably THE BEST I have ever had. Do the degustation menu with wine pairings and prepare to be in food-awe.Divine food and superb service. It was definitely a splurge, but the meal was well worth it!
We weren't dressed up and were worried we'd be turned away or told to wear something else, but we were treated wonderfully.Verdict - beautiful restaurant, exciting food and great service.
We went to Restaurant August on 4/19, party of three. The restaurant is beautiful, and as far as I could tell, well laid out - there are few "bad" tables. The service is impeccable - gracious and friendly, with a touch of Southern charm. Our server's recommendations hit the mark - the huitlacoche agnolotti (rabbit and agnolotti pasta)  is a delightfully spiced, robust melange of flavors. The duckling was perfectly done - I prefer my meat a little on the rare side, and this was perfect for me. Others might prefer it spend a few extra minutes in the pan. The blackened foie gras was sublime. The radish, essential for their texture in this dish could have used more careful prep - they were rather unevenly cut, which made a couple of pieces unpleasantly hard. Still, that's nothing more than a nitpick and did not detract from an excellent entree.
The only (tiny) issue I can think of, was with their vegetarian options. One of our party is vegetarian, and her grilled eggplant, while competently executed, wasn't nearly in the same class as the other entrees. Given the growing popularity of vegetarian and vegan diets in the US, it might make sense for to spend more time and thought on high-quality vegetarian choices. 
Still, that minor issue isn't enough to cut any stars here - Restaurant August is a wonderful dining experience. I will happily return next time I'm in the Big Easy.My friend and I dropped in at Restaurant August right before an hour long rain pour. For $20.11 we engaged in a  Prix Fixe 3-course lunch.  I had heard about Chef John Besh from his efforts after Hurricane Katrina hit and thereafter, when he oozed his Southern charm while competing on Top Chef Masters.
The restaurant occupies multiple floors, where the kitchen and restrooms were on a second floor, up a staircase and the dining room is on the main floor. The building has exposed brick throughout and was built in the 1800s. 
The servers were very  kind and presented guests with a complimentary amuse bouche of an egg mouse in an egg shell.  It was not something I would order independently, however I liked the presentation. The warm sourdough bread and soft butter was phenomenal. I couldn't stop filling up on the bread.
We had bacon, slivers of radish and walnut salad, then the salty and buttery pork belly, soft potato gnocci and wild mushrooms was my favorite dish. Finally, we had for dessert a tart with ice cream and plums.
I appreciated the complimentary chocolate and buttery peanut brittle endingThis is by far the best restaurant in America. I love the space and I love the way JB has broken up the meal around almost autonomous production units: appetizers, free treats, main course, baking and desserts. Saying it again: I promise you this is the very best restaurant in America. Come and judge!Best food and service in town.  Waiter Mark was very informative about all the dishes and how they were prepared.    I will be back when I go to New Orleans again, hopefully soon.What an experience.  The service makes you feel like you're their only client. Drop a piece of cutlery and before you can pick it up a server has a new one for you.   The food is very rich and very tasty.  A must place to eat for a special occasion or just to spoil yourself.Everything about our dinner was perfect from start to finish. Food was delicious and well planned out. The server was so gracious and knowledgeable. We will be back next time we are in town.I knew that most of my trip to NOLA would be consumed with consuming traditional NOLA foodstuffs, but for our big splurge dinner i wanted something different. I wanted a fabulous place, where local and traditional Louisiana ingredients were done in an ultra modern style. Cutting edge cuisine with overtones of new Orleans. August fit that bill perfectly. 
The space itself is lovely and inviting. lots of wood, bar i could see myself being a semi regular at if i were to visit here more often.  I loved the wine "cellar" being overhead as a balcony in one of the rooms.
the service was perfectly tuned. Available, without being pushy or hovering, patient when patience was called for, helpful when asked.
There were 4 of us - I had the tasting menu, every one else had an app and an entree.  starting with what i didn't have - for apps there was:
hand made potato gnocchi tossed with blue crab and black truffle
P&J Oysters: crispy fried with Louisiana caviar "ranch dressing,"
pepper seared with truffle spoon bread, horseradish crusted
creamy white asparagus soup
crispy gulf shrimp, red pepper and garlic
---
i didn't taste the soup (and I'm not sure why - i love soup) but was told it was very rich and tasty. the oysters were good, but not to my taste - nothing wrong with them in any way, I'm just not crazy about fried oysters, i find it kills the delicacy of the flesh. The gnocchi was excellent, light and puffy and lifted to a near transcendent state by the truffles and crab meat.
entrees:
2 of my friends had the "stuffed" speckled trout with wild onion, crawfish and morel mushrooms - good, although perhaps overly rich. i would have shot for cleaner flavors in the sauce given the ingredients. Not bad enough to dock a star or anything, just not the direction i would have taken the dish, nor what i expected it to be given the description. but delicious so no foul.
other friend had prime filet of beefwith oxtail marmalade, porcini mushrooms and smoked marrow. This was truly an excellent dish - i liked how the smoked marrow was served in a faux bone made from potato - the meat was perfectly prepared and flavorful, and oxtail marmalade is exactly as unctuous and delicious as it sounds. seriously.
on to my tasting menu:
first i did not get it with the wine pairings, as i wanted to share the same wine as the rest of the table. I like that - seems more social. I do not recall what wine we had off hand , if i recall i will edit this review to include it, but it was a lovely red, with complexity and flavor - big enough to stand up to the meat dishes, not so big it killed the seafood.
ok tasting menu:
1)warm salad of pieds du veau,
veal sweetbreads, hearts of palm and black truffle
- i was nervous about this, as i have a thing against sweetbreads, but i know it was conceptual, and a holdover from youth and not based on anything real, and i hate that; so knowing it would be done right here was a place to check an old bias. the end result - bias gone! these were delicious little nuggets of goodness, lightly fried, and full of great flavor. 
hand made spaghetti alla carbonara
house cured guanciale, slow cooked yard egg and sweet peas
-this was both amazing, as one of the best pasta dishes i've ever had, and surprisingly one of the places where i might have docked these guys a half a star. Why the contradiction? The pasta - fantastic, with the perfect bit, cooked exactly al dente. a little spring and a little chew to it. the porky goodness and the sweet peas lifted each others flavors through the contrast. The poached egg was the most properly cooked poached egg ever. in the history of poached eggs. a testament to the skill of the kitchen; they ain't easy to get right like that. And it was brilliant to use a poached egg on top to make the sauce, instead of building a sauce in the kitchen to toss the pasta with. texturally a dream, with great rich flavor (can i use the word unctuous again?) swimming with umami. A great dish. but- where was the pepper? carbonara needs little black flecks of pepper to look like the carbon, or it ain't carbonara. I do not know if this was a mistake in the kitchen or if this was a deliberate omission, but it really hurt what was otherwise one of the best dishes i ever had. If you read this, chef besh, your carbonara needs pepper. the flavor would have tied it all together. (and there was no pepper on the table to make up for it)
lacquered Berkshire pork belly with Louisiana crawfish, olives and blood orange 
-do i really need to say how good this was? just read the ingredient list again!
slow braised kobe  beef short rib ramps, baby root vegetables and leek purée
-perfect. seriously. perfect
napoleon of nougatine with Valhrona chocolate bavarois and salted 
toffee ice-cream
-this was my least fave thing of the night. too high a nougatine to chocolate ratio, and the salted ice cream was too salted, and didn't really meld w/ the rest of the dish.
Ok long story short - don't miss this place.This was one of the best restaurant experiences I have had.   It's a very modern take on traditional NO food. What did it for me was the service- we ordered one appetizer and because they wanted us to try everything, they brought us out each and every appetizer that we didn't order too.  Food was phenomenal, if not a bit rich but that's NO for ya.We had to wait a bit even with a reservation but the drink list was great. I enjoyed a Hemingway and my husband a great Manhattan while we waited. The service was very attentive though they did mess up my husband's order. I had the degustation tasting menu and wine flight which was fun. The highlight was the main dish - a pork dish with sweet caramelized onion and salty pork belly. My husband's dessert was also that wonderful sweet and salty combo - the toffee ice cream napoleon. It was a solid dining experience but with so much good food in Nola, I'm  not sure that it's worth a repeat visit.i was here on a 4 day business trip.  as a rule, i never go to the same place twice on short trips.  well, i had to break the rule this time for 2 reasons:
1) my experience at commander's palace was SO bad, i had to come back and finish the trip off right.
2) the food is really that great where i craved certain dishes again.
...and to the review:
service was great, my friend was cold and as cheesy as it sounds they made her a pashmina out of a table clothe.  it looked horrible, but was hilarious.  when they said they were going to get something for her, we envisioned a server from per se (thomas keller restaurant in NY) coming out with a box of pashminas to choose from.  the service and price is not as up-scale as a thomas keller restaurant, but this john besh guy is the real deal.  better take advantage of the low prices now while they are still low.  french laundry used to be $50 a person til they got really big.
i started with the heirloom beets salad, then moved onto the gnocchi, tried the gumbo, the chef's gift to the table (which was a steamed quail egg with truffle, VERY similar to the one at per se), the lobster and pork belly.
- heirloom beet salad, delicious and fresh.  the blue crab added  the perfect salty flavor and a soft texture to the crunchy beets.
- gnocchi was made with blue crab and truffle... wow, the best gnocchi i have ever had.  at the end of it i even had to roll one up like a po-boy and soak up all the sauce.  the gnocchi had soft exterior and an al dente interior that took full advantage of the white creamy truffle sauce.  then you add in the blue crab for the salty flavor and top it off with some shaved parmesan and you have this divine dish that you can eat all day.
- truffled and steamed quail egg with a caviar topping, do i need to explain?  truffle quail egg and caviar, so many ways to go right with those ingredients.  it went right in all categories, soft quail eggs with a pungent truffle aroma topped with the crunchy and salty caviar.  wow.
- gumbo, it was tough to get even better than the last 2 dishes, so the gumbo was much less impressive to me, though i am sure that if the previous 2 dishes were not so spectacular, the gumbo would have been delicious.
- deep fried lobster over a bed of greens with a vinegary dipping sauce.  the lobster was prepared as it should be, it was soft to bite into but had the texture of fresh seafood.  though the outside was soft, the immediate exterior was slightly crunchy and did not need the sauce.  i did try the sauce though and though it did not "need" the sauce, the sauce added a perfect hint of sourness to the sweet and succulent lobster bite.
- pork belly dish... i wish i could give a better explanation, but i was so full... all i can really say is soft, tender and nice flavor.
no dessertI thought the food here was good but not great for the price it commanded. I didn't care for the amuse bouche at all.
The chopped salad  was excellent, it was the perfect amount of vegetables and citrus, I really enjoyed it and would highly recommend it. 
We also really enjoyed the gnocchi, it was rich and delicious, I highly recommend ordering this dish.
We also enjoyed the trout, it was perfectly cooked and was really delicious.
Our server was a bit lack luster, he seemed a bit high brow and not very friendly. Perhaps he was trained this was because of the environment or because my girlfriend and I are in our 20's, but regardless I think he could have been more inviting.
The restaurant itself is beautiful and the wine cellar is spectacular. This is certainly a delicious and romantic place to share a meal while in the big easy!So terribly disappointed.  We felt rushed, I barely finished my appetizer when my entree came.  Barely hot.  Food was ok, not what I anticipated or expected from a world class chef.  3 courses and we were done in an hour.  It is a beautiful place though.My name is Angela C. and I have a culinary crush on John Besh. 
There, I said it. It started when I first sat down in August, luckily being chosen to sit at a table without a reservation thanks to a cancellation. This was the beginning of one of my favorite meals here in Nola, maybe top 20 ever. 
Expect a fancy shmancy meal with a fancy shmancy check to complement. For me, because I do enjoy a fancy shmancy meal, it is well worth it. Especially if you're on an expense account, which some people who dine here probably are thanks to many New Orleans conventions. 
The food here is absolutely delightful. It's not just that the food is prepared so deliciously, but while I was eating each course I could see just how complicated and thought-out eat dish was from the amuse bouche to every appetizer and every entree. Besh made me feel special, like each little ingredient was chosen because he knew I would be pleasantly intrigued with it. The food looked great, tasted great, and made you appreciate the genius that it takes to be a great chef. Yes, I guess I am smitten. 
Now on to more useful things like my recommendations:
- P&J OYSTERS cooked three ways. I loved all three ways: fried, oysters with foam, and breaded with a spicy creamy sauce. It's good to share, although you might just want it all to yourself.
- GNOCCHI with shaved traffles in a creamy sauce. My friends like this more than I did, but I'm not a huge fan of gnocchi. The sauce and shaved truffles is worth it trying though.
- DUCKLING with grits, foie gras and candied quince on the side. The meat was perfectly juicy and deliciously flavored. this was my absolute favorite.
- SCALLOPS infused with a chunk of bacon with bone marrow on the side. i recommend this dish to scallop lovers.
Restaurant August is easily one of my favorite Nola Restaurants, and definitely top on the list of formal restaurants.Absolutely excellent. Every dish done perfectly: both delicious and beautifully presented. And in decent portions. The restaurant is visually appealing, the food is great, and the service very good. Highly recommend.I know this is a favorited spot for lots of people and has a reputation for impeccable quality and service. I will preface this with - I don't mind the high price and 2. My experience was with a party of seven for a work dinner.
Here are my thoughts..
Interesting and tasty selection of food
Small portions, which to me is a benefit.
Appropriately served 
Good selection of high end drinks and scotch 
However ..
I expect certain things at find dining establishments, like black napkins if you are wearing black. That sort of thing did not happen here.
I also expect that the waitstaff will not be incredibly stuffy and unfriendly. Our server seemed appalled that our group was getting to know one another with jokes. It made for a very awkward experience in which my dinner guest mentioned it to her to try to fix it.
The worst part... I ordered the vegetarian options. About five hours later I was super sick and had food poisoning. I was fine 12 hours later, and had no food in between that could have been the cause. And I know what y'all are thinking, I was not excessively drinking ..even in New Orleans :-) 
I would not return here, particularly for the service and stuffiness, and obviously I have no desire to vomit again.First off, I want everyone to know that the two stars are for the service, otherwise I wouldn't give a half a star. The waiter was awesome! But the food was quite lacking and very, no, extremely disappointing. 
Lets start with the amuse bouche, seafood custard with a foam, caviar and a piece of brioche toast. It was very pretty to look at, the foam was tasty, but the custard was quite salty. 
Second, we had the foie gras three ways, which we added on to the five course tasting menu paired with wine that my brother and I ordered. It was the first disappointment of the evening. The wine our waiter paired with it was delicious though. The foie gras itself though was just missing something, oh I know what it is, it was lacking the real taste of foie gras. And one would think that with three ways, one way would be a nicely seared piece of foie. But,alas, there was none to be had. 
The next course was the first course on our five course tasting. A salad with shaved Christmas goose and foie gras. It was OK. Goose tasted like roast beef, couldn't quite get the flavor of foie, but the dried cherries and apricot were a nice touch. Wine paired with it went well and tasted yummy. 
After that course, things looked up. 
We had a delicious ravioli with egg yolk inside and browned butter, black truffle shavings, and parmesan on top. Absolutely fabulous. My brother found it a bit rich, but I found it the highlight of the evening. My shining star on a very dark night. And the wine paired with it was of course magnificent. 
Then the evening hit a wall. A very confused turtle "soup" was placed before us. After the light courses before it, it just seemed very out of place, and with the extremely Hormel chili taste it would have been more comfortable on a greasy spoon menu paired with a refreshing mug of beer instead of the oaky red wine it was paired with. The wine, although not my favorite, was not bad. The "soup," although my brother and I tried to like it, could not be forced down. Lucky for us, our waiter was awesome, and he brought out a very delightful bowl of pumpkin soup instead. It was a hot appetizer offered on the regular menu and was not a normal course on the tasting menu. It made up for the previous soup. A nice rich and creamy pumpkin base with earthy mushrooms and smoky bacon. Paired very nicely with another wonderful wine. 
The last savory course was the Kobe short ribs, which, after reading all the great reviews on here, had me greatly anticipating this dish. I just could not wait to take a bite, and after all the disappointments so far in the meal I just really was hoping for no more. Unfortunately, I was very sad, and very let down. The oyster dressing was overly salty, so much so, that I could not finish the small portion on my plate. The short ribs were alright, nothing special, could have been any kind or any cut of beef really, and the baked apple on the plate was whimsical and very holidayish, but not that great to eat. 
To say that the dessert was also a disappointment would be an understatement. At LEAST the nutmeg ice cream was tasty, although a bit on the icy side. The quince pastry was terrible, before I even took a bite I knew the crust was going to be bad, was just hoping I was wrong. Looked like a whole wheat tortilla, tasted like a whole wheat tortilla. *sigh* 
Well, at least the cup of coffee at the end was tasty, and it was free. Hah. 
If you get one thing out of this review, I hope it is this: SPEND YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ELSEWHERE. It is just not worth the cost. Just hype is all it is. Save up and go to California for a weekend. Eat at Chez Panisse and make reservations for French Laundry. You wont be disappointed.We came here to celebrate our 15th anniversary and we enjoyed every moment of it.
The food was amazing and filled with so much flavors. We had the potato gnocchi with blue crab, black truffle and Parmesan and the local crab and tomato tart from the starter menu which should be on everyone's 'definitely try' list.
For our entree, we had the cane syrup lacquered duckling and Flounder Pontchartrain. Both the entrees were a mix of different flavors that just made us want to try more of their menu items.
We had the Pretzel Affogato dessert and Cappuccino to end our beautiful meal.
Overall, this place is wonderful and upscale for special events. And they do take care of your special requests promptly.Oh, August. You've ruined me. The meal I had here makes all other fine dining establishments I've patronized pale in comparison.  I hope I can explain to you how perfect this restaurant is. Actually I wouldn't even call this a resturant. August is an experience. A blissfully perfect experience.
I was taken here for my birthday this year, which happened to fall on a Friday, which happens to be the day August has their $20.15 prix fixe lunch. Three courses at this resturant is the best deal in the city, so of course I had to try it.
Reservations were made a couple of weeks in advance and we arrived about 15 minutes prior. We were seated right away in the lovely front dining room. The ambiance was perfect...large picture windows to people watch the goings on in the Quarter, huge, fragrant vases filled with beautiful blooms and sparking  chandeliers.
Our first course was an amuse bouche of a frothy custard made with cauliflower and served elegantly in an eggshell. I really enjoyed this dish.
For my appitizer I chose the pâté de champagne with toasted brioche. This wasn't my favorite and next time I'd get the crawfish bisque (which my friend ordered and was delicious).
My main entree was flounder grenoblois served with white beans, celery and lemon. This was the most perfect piece of fish I've ever had the pleasure of having in my mouth and I'm still thinking about it months later. It was amazing.
For dessert I chose the seasonal ice cream which had myer lemons ice crystals and macaroons. It was delightful. As if that weren't enough, August outdid themselves by bringing some complimentary chocolates and pralines with the check.
Of course, service was impeccable and we were treated like royalty. Perfection from start to ending. I'll be back very often. 
**500** (dedicated to my girl Libby V :))The food the atmosphere the staff five star! Wow... And yummy is a starting place when it comes to taste of the food. Come and dine and be ready to fall in love!I was treated to Restuarant August for lunch this week and it was devine! From the food, to the ambiance, to the service, truly a five star experience. It is pricey, so as a dinner spot, it's more of a very special occassion place.
Food - everyone at the table enjoyed their food. To start we had the gnocchi and some type of raviloi with mushrooms. Both were excellent. The bread to start was pretty good too. For entrees, two of us had the trout almondine and it was so very good. The other diners got the duck and short ribs. The person with the short ribs was not overly impressed. Desserts were amazing. We tried the napoleon chocolate dessert, the banana pudding, cheesecake, apples confit. All were really good. The banana pudding stood out as different and delicious. All in all the food quality, taste, and presentation were excellent.
Ambiance - elegant, but welcoming. Not stiff or cold. The restaurant is housed in an older building in the CBD, that has a lot of New Orleans charm.
Service - excellent! Our server, Randi, was awesome! She was extremely knowledgable about the food and wine. She was also very nice and not pretentious. I find sometimes at restuarants like this the servers are snooty, but not here!
Overall I really enjoyed my meal at August. It is a five star experience that you will enjoy!
My tips - just be aware that the serving size is "European," meaning small portions. Some might also view this as a "frou frou" eating experience, but I found that since the service and ambiance were so welcoming, I did not mind the dandelion on the plate.Nothin short of amazing.  The meal was great and the service was even better.  We will definitely be back!Absolutely amazing experience! Wow. Where do I start? 
The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous. So much Southern charm with the brick walls and the beautiful chandeliers. We were seated in the middle of the restaurant with the wine cellar. Every seat in the restaurant is absolutely stunning. 
Mark was our waiter. He was probably one of the nicest individuals I've met. Side note, everyone in this city is so nice. I love New Orleans. Mark was able to provide us with details of the appetizers, entrees, etc. all from the top of his head. Everything we had was absolutely amazing. We ordered a lot. We ordered the gnocchi, duck, lamb, and banana pudding. The gnocchi was made with fresh crab. The flavors were absolutely amazing. I loved everything. If I had to pick my favorite, the lamb was done so great. It was cooked medium rare. The flavors were so AWESOME! Then to top it off with banana pudding. We were in heaven. The LA mule was my drink of choice. However, I did have a cappuccino with dessert. Plus, the complimentary appetizers and dessert on top of everything we ordered. This place was amazing. We made reservations over one month in advance. If you are visiting this city or a local this is a MUST!!This place is actually 3 1/2 for me.
I need to stop having high expectations... maybe I'll enjoy my food more if I'm not in a certain mindset before I even eat anything :T
I took my bf here for his birthday, and we found the food to be a little underwhelming, sadly to say; not that it was bad, oh no, far from that, but just not the best thing we ever ate.
I had the gnocchi appetizer, which was very good, but rich. He had a seasonal salad [which one you ask? he doesn't remember :x haha fail), and it was OK in his book.
For the entree, I had the breaded trout, which was really good, but again, very rich. He had the duck, which was amazing actually [so this would be what I recommend to other people]; I asked my bf what was in it again, and he simply said "duck stacked on top of magic" haha...
For dessert, we shared the chocolate tart, which again, was good, but not great.
Really random, but I liked our waiter's glasses haha.As soon as I was aware my work was sending me to New Orleans for several days, I knew I had to book a reservation at one of John Besh's restaurants, stat. After a little research, it seemed that Restaurant August was supposed to be the best of the batch.
My husband and I booked for a 7 p.m. dinner on a recent Saturday night. The ambiance was right, tables were wonderfully spaced, and the vibe was intimate and quiet, but not stuffy. But we couldn't wait for the amazing food, or so we thought. 
We split the potato gnocchi with blue crab and truffle appetizer and were off to an excellent start. Our waiter informed us after eating that it was featured on the Food Network show, "The Best Thing I Ever Ate." I'm reasonably certain it wasn't the best thing I've ever eaten, but I'm positive it was the best thing I ate at Restaurant August that night.
We also each ordered an organic greens salad, which came with blue cheese, pumpkin seed brittle and a pumpkin seed oil viniagrette. I enjoyed the combination of flavors in the dish, but felt that the pumpkin seed brittle served more as a distraction than delightful component of the dish. The brittle seemed to interrupt me whenever I got into the groove of eating the salad, not to mention that it didn't stay on the fork or come off the plate with ease.
For the entree, I ordered the pork three ways. I loved the textures of my dishes, especially the ravioli parts, but the flavors didn't sing. You could tell a lot of technique went into it, but it wasn't amazing. 
For dessert, we split the goat's milk cheesecake. It was good, but not great, and had unique flavors. It, coupled with the small complimentary assortment of mini-pralines and truffles, tied the meal on a higher note.
The service at Restaurant August was quite good, as were the small touches, like the amuse bouche and mini-dessert sampler. We also were thrilled with the beer we selected, the Southern Pecan from Lazy Magnolia Brewery.   
All in all, we found the food to be gorgeously executed, but underwhelming on taste. For as much money as we shelled out for the meal, we had hoped we'd enjoy one of the best meals of our trip. Unfortunately, it didn't deliver.