Simply delicious! Cute coffee shop downtown New Orleans. If you want good coffee with out all the extra fluff, go here! 
Vanilla Latte w/ Almond milkReally good! I love that their menu is short and simple and showcases the coffee over added flavors. (This is not Starbucks.) I'm visiting NOLA for a conference so obviously needed to find good coffee. I used a Yelp coupon for a free drink and they made me an artfully crafted and delicious cappuccino that perked me up right away. It's a small place but there's free wifi and I will be back while I'm in town to try adding some chocolate to my espresso-yum!Amazing gourmet coffee, extremely delicious.  delicate touch on interior design, superb quality. From the espresso cups to the minuscule espresso spoons, a truly delightful experience for the coffee conoisseur! Highly recommended!!Very good coffee (espresso-based at least, I don't drink pour-over usually) and excellent bagels (fluffy, not dense) and pastries.  Atmosphere is also very good (tastefully modern).  I would give five stars except both times I've been here there have been too few people working.  The first time was a few weeks back during the AM rush from a large academic conference and there were only two people working.  The line was deceptively short, probably because people gave up and left after long waits.  Most recently I visited between Christmas and New Years and there was only one person working the front and and the espresso machine/pour-over apparatuses.  The line was short, but I saw some people leave because of the long wait.  Both times I've been there, the people working were very efficient, there just weren't enough of them.Had to try out this wonderdul, female-driven space in the CBD (Viva women enterprueneurs!). Both the interior design and the menu are spartan: just five coffee items on the menu and a few revolving pastry selections from Gracious Bakery. The staff is informative and friendly. If you tend to shiver from the meat-locker level A/C, there's compliementary shawls to use while you're enjoying your brew. 
My pourover was delicious, and kinda' sad it's not closer to home. So the question is....
Why four stars?
IF you want dairy in your coffee, as I am want to do, there's only two options: whole milk and almond milk. That's wonderful for vegans, but I want half & half for my pourover. All. The. Time.A serene space to have wonderful espresso based drinks, pastry, bagels etc. You can really tell that everything in there had been curated to be the best of the best.My latte was expertly prepared. Nice to look at and nicer to drink. Sweet & smooth with a pleasant aftertaste. The venue is cool too; understated charm.  I wish this coffee shop was in my neighborhood. I'd be a regular.Micah is the man! Order anything on the menu, they make it all very well. I started coming here every Sunday when my ship is in Port and haven't stopped. The Cold Brew is fantastic. The music and wifi are superb. And the staff are always a friendly group of coffee connoisseurs. Keep it up guys!Great space and location, minimal options for coffee, no sugar except agave or raw sugar, only whole milk or almond milk, 10 minute wait, decent slightly bitter coffee, steep price.   I am confident that they will get a great local following, but if you desire a quick cup with sugar and half and half, this isn't the option. If you are looking to sit down with a cup or tea, excellent space and good location to do it in but if you are on the move and want a large coffee, you probably want to move on.I'm from Houston and I'm here visiting New Orleans for a few days. This place has amazing Columbian black coffee! Beautiful shop with exciting modern decor. Good job guys!Cool spot with really good coffee. You order the amount of milk you want with your espresso shot to make your custom latte, but know that they don't add more espresso shots with the larger amounts of milk. So if you want a bigger cup, make sure to add in more espresso otherwise it's just a cup of hot milk with coffee flavoring.I really wanted to love this place. The interior space is well thought out, gorgeous, and calming.
But what I came for the coffee was burnt and bitter. The almond milk was overheated and it separated. 
Your barista's need more training. 
There are far better options in NOLA.Their cold brew was freaking good.  Place was cool inside and they had the cleanest bathroom out of all the places we went in NOLA.  
They had two barista working.  The tall, cross dressed barista was very nice and informative.   They had another barista who was short and bearded with glasses who wouldn't let us take a pic of the place for some reason?  Overall, a very nice cozy coffee store and def recommend.Love the space, very relaxing! Had a Costa Rican pour over, it was very smooth and tasty. Cheers!Great little coffee shop serving up some fine coffee.  
This shop reminds me of the coffee shops back in Denver.  Their house made syrups are unique and delicious and I would highly recommend the honey cinnamon syrup.  
My hubby got an iced latte with that house made syrup while I had a cold brew with a splash of cream.  The cold brew was smooth, strong and had a subtle sweetness to it.  
They also serve pastries, tea and an array of pre-bottled beverages in their cooler.I really like this place and wish there was one in my neck of the woods. The atmosphere is can and quiet so it's an ideal spot to get some work done. 
I ordered an iced latte and it was the best one that I've ever had. It wasn't bitter like some coffee drinks can be; waayyy better than any franchise coffee that I've had. If you're in the area I'd recommend trying it!Great customer service and great coffee.
I had a drip coffee and it was very aromatic and smooth. Not watered down and just dark enough. Husband had a latte- it was a tad bit milkier than what I would have liked, but the temperature was just right and had a very nice flavor. Not only were their drinks crafted with care, the interior of this place is also beautiful. Enough seats/power outlets to work and enjoy caffeine. Great establishment.I ordered the La Huaca pour over coffee and it was absolutely delicious. Some of the best coffee I've ever had. BUT. The person in this picture I've posted had to have been the rudest person I came across in New Orleans. I'm not sure wether it was pretentiousness or straight up just not liking my face, but I know pretentiousness when I smell it. I live in Los Angeles where people like this girl are pervasive. I also work in Hollywood (Lanwhere the cream of the crop of pretentiousness exist. Too good for the regular public. When leaving this place, we apparently had to drop off our dirty plates into an unmarked white bin. We did not know this and she barked at us that we had to drop off the dishes. Very sorry we didn't know the rules. The other gentleman working with her was quite the opposite, very nice and welcoming. It's too bad a bad apple like her has to rot the entire tree.so i thought i was a bad coffee drinker when i didn't like my snobbish coffee black, but with a splash of soy milk -- after reading the yelpers' comments here, it seems like i'm not the only one. minus one star for being unable to add soy milk to my coffee. 
revelator is what has been described: ultramodern and super minimalistic. watching them brew their tea was like watching an experiment. and their coffee is definitely individualized - i love that they take the time to make each cup as it is ordered, but then again, i'm a tourist in new orleans. this place might not be the best if you're on the run, since you'd be ripping your hair out as the barista carefully pours water over the chemex. 
of note:
- yes, they only have a few items on the menu, but i had a choice between 3 different types of coffee beans and roasts
- very little seating options, but the tables have a blanket and they each have a cute little succulent plant on the tableNew Orleans location IS the greatest location!!
I absolutely adore this place... They are so knowledgeable about their product and love sharing their experiences with the different roasts... Ghiselli and Zack are the greatest baristas I've ever met.  They engage you in conversation as soon as you walk in the door and make STELLAR recommendations... This is the reason why I continuously patronize Revelator and strongly encourage friends and hotel guests to go there.
  I've been to the Revelator in Birmingham and was pleased to have access to the product, but the service, though great and kind, were not as personable as the New Orleans crew.  If I frequented the AL location as much as I frequent the NOLA location, I would most likely feel differently. AGAIN, the crew in AL is great, but New Orleans has rock stars!!!
  I highly recommend the cold brew or the pour overs!  Everything is great there!!!
  Ghiselli and Zack make killer coffee and are extraordinary hosts.  By far, the best coffee shop in Louisiana!!!Overpriced, so-so coffee + food and rude baristas who respond to "Thank you!" with "Yeah." 
No room for this nonsense in New Orleans.Am NOT a coffee drinker. 
Had little sleep the night before.  Did a short run from hotel and stumbled upon this place. 
It was so bright and airy ...with just the right amount of "funk" that I stopped. 
They had this special of orange juice, fizzy water and espresso ...I think that was the ingredient list. What I know is that it was YUMMY. The flavors balanced perfectly. Orange Dreamsicle with a hint of coffee.Yummy honey lavender latte! Great froth and flavor throughout. Loved the minimalistic design they incorporated throughoutSimple options of superb pour overs of the day. attentive, friendly staff in a stylish, comfortable atmosphere that doesn't detract from the products. Very nice find in a city that is rife with over indulgence of alcohol, fried food, and laissez faire.
Definite recommendation for those who appreciate good coffee outside the coffee king giant franchises.Great coffee. Amazing tea. Above average. But sort of a somber depressed minimalist attitude.  Not very cheery in the morning.Revelator is a cool spot in downtown. They have the best espresso machine in town, so if you want an espresso drink, try it out there. The place is clean and sleek, and very simple. It's a good place to spend an afternoon, but seating is limited, so be prepared in case it's packed. Overall, great spot!The cold brew is on point. They have syrup at the cream and utensils station that works great when sweetening your cold coffee. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone staying in the area.
I did realize I didn't notice it the day prior to going there. It doesn't have an obvious store front or a sign out from the building. They're next door to St James Cheese Company, with a grey front, which can help you find it easilySimple menu of high-quality offerings, including both topo Chico *and* mountain spring sparkling water to accompany your delicious espresso. Nice to see the bar for coffee being raised in NOLA!Outstanding taste of coffee. Revelator really knows how to differentiate itself from other local coffee shops. Great service as well! One of my favorite coffee shops in New OrleansGreat cold brew. Superb hangover cure. Always seems pretty dead when I stop in but that just means quicker service! Beautiful space too.The woman that helped me was great when I ordered an Americano. Super limited menu and a large is about 10 oz.  Then the guy working there, (owner/manager?) told the lady that took my order that "he just wants a watered down espresso" in a pretentious tone.    Not going back even though the watered down espresso was good.The best coffee in the warehouse district! I love this place. Everyone who works here is so accommodating, friendly and welcoming. I'm in town working for a month and by my second visit in, they already remembered my coffee order. I'm obsessed with the clean lines of the beautiful interior design. It's comfortable, minimal, and they have incredible selections to offer, whether you're on the go or feel like hanging out for a while!Really beautiful coffee shop on the inside, and I really wanted to like it. Their hot chocolate was 4.50 and maybe 6 ounces. I don't know how they make it but it tasted like water with one tablespoon of chocolate powder. It tasted terrible. 
There's like 4 things on the menu all expensive. At least put every effort into making those 4 things as best you can instead of wasting my time writing a Yelp review.Coffee is pretty good. Atmosphere is bright, white tables, lots of light. Exposed brick, clean lines. Donut was good.The latte was good I have to say but the atmosphere of the store wasn't that good.. I had to wait for more than 10 mins to get my coffee!I'm all about the scene. Ambience is modern, fresh and thoughtful. They have lots of little gifts you can take away like the plants, bagged coffee and coffee accessories and candles. The staff is friendly and informative with a good attitude. And they have a cooler with quick grab fresh bites and juices if you're hungry. I had my coffee as a cafe au lait and took the recommendation of the guy at the counter. Was brewed in the chemex and exceptional.Had coffee from here the past three morning snd its absolutely delicious. I had the vanilla latte with almond milk! Wish this was in my neighborhood.Keeping things simple.  Took advantage of yelp offer and ordered a chocolate latte, 10oz.  Nice and subtle; not overpowering.
Other places will do coffee / chocolate very well but flavors will dominate the drink.  Here the mix is smooth and consistent.  I suppose stronger flavors can be had-i didn't ask.
I liked the latte as it was.Fantastic place if you actually like coffee, as opposed to milkshakes that contain coffee. 
Walked in and ordered a coffee. The young man behind the register said "ok... I have 3 to choose from." He the proceeded to paint the most beautiful descriptions of these 3 coffees. I honestly wanted to order all 3. 
I went with a Cambodian coffee that had dark chocolate and orange notes. I had it black and it was absolutely stunning. It has so many complex flavors. No need for milk! They also don't brew the coffee too hot. 
They do pour-over coffee, some espresso drinks, and loose-leaf herbal teas. Definitely check this place out!incredible design sensibility? check.
hands down the best loose tea selection in town? check.
cutesy blankets to cushion your tush from the minimalist steel chairs? check.
superb espresso drinks done right every time? ehhh, not quite.
revelator has all the bones of a bougie third wave coffee shop a la intelligentia (chicago, LA), or peregrine (DC). however, the barista training is uneven - sometimes my espresso shot sings like a mariah carey soprano circa 1996, and sometimes it's adele at the grammys.
they recently *finally* added soymilk to the menu, because let's face it - almond milk espresso drinks are like gluten free cupcakes - great for those who need them but torturous for everyone else.  however, the training didn't come with, and their soy drinks are muddled with terrible milk texture and burnt flavor.  for precision drinks with any milk, check out cherry coffee. for ambiance and great food to boot, revelator is the place to be.Eh. It's not too good. If you're in a caffeine bind it's ok but this place doesn't live up to comparable coffee shops offering similar. Would look elsewhere.Loved this coffee shop! Very friendly employees, modern design, good coffee with lots of options. Not really any outdoor seating, but a few tables inside.Great coffee and super nice people, very relaxed atmosphere, a must visit, great tunes!Visiting New Orleans and wanted to grab coffee outside of the hotel to get a feel for the place. Came in for an iced coffee. Very clean and friendly. Also needed to use their wifi and had no problems, excellent connection. I'll definitely come here during my trip.Great coffee but no customer service skills. My family and I were visiting from California and it would be nice to have conversation and some tips on where to visit but the attitudes are like here's your coffee and get out of our faces. It's too bad coffee was great.Wonderful espresso and milk drinks. Great minimalist, but open feel to the shop and those Slayer machines produce the best espresso in the city.   I grab an espresso from here maybe 2-3 times a week and service has always been quite good.  Pour overs are good too.  No complaints.  Really on another level from some of the more well known local shops (PJ's, CC's, Royal Blend..etc)Good coffee but not great. I went on multiple occasions. It has a nice atmosphere and the staff was helpful. I'm not a huge fan of medium roast coffee though and that is what they serve. You do need to allow some time for the pour over also.Revelatory is sparse, that's the only way I can describe it. Only a few options on the menu. No Splenda or packaged sweetener options. Only their homemade simple syrup. Expensive for small cups of coffee. Staff was friendly but just wish they had more optionsThis is one of the best coffee shops I have ever visited. The space is bright, airy and welcoming. The service was very chill but prompt and friendly. I'm a coffee snob and was thrilled with the iced coffee on a hot New Orleans afternoon. I was drawn to the store by the delicious smell wafting into the street and was delighted with the décor/ design inside. 
This is a new favorite for all of my New Orleans vacations!Went there 3 times when i was in New orleans. 
I tried their pour over which had so much flavor. 
a 6 oz cappuccino with chocolate which was pretty good 
and a 10 oz latte with almond milk. 
they all had good flavor, but nothing that made it stand out above other coffee shops.Modern, clean, and fresh ambiance, cold pressed juice, incredibly knowledgable baristas, and the best espresso I have EVER HAD. They offer almond milk, which is great for vegans, dairy allergies, lactose intolerance, and health nuts.
The baristas told me all about the undertones and flavor of different beans as well as their countries of origins and roasting dates.The counters have guide books to New Orleans and other books to keep you occupied.
It's a must-stop in New Orleans.Love, love, love this place! Beautifully smooth espresso (I got the espresso and 6oz of milk) made to perfection. I'm a bit of a purist when it comes to espresso and do not enjoy added sugar or syrups...only need those additions if you are trying to cover up low quality or poorly extracted espresso.  The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. Love picking up their whole bean coffee for my home brew!A small coffee shop with good coffee however is probably too yuppie European for my taste. It is awkwardly sterile and only has a small selection. I imagine this is where the Icelandic hockey team from The Mighty Ducks went after the game to sulk.Tried their expresso with milk and loved it. Also learned about cold brew and was given a sample. I never drink iced coffee, but it was actually quite good.  Very pleasant atmosphere to sit and sip.A delicious latte! The steamed milk was sooo creamy and the perfect temperature to start sipping the minute I got it. The only negative: it wasn't big enough! I wanted more!!!I was in town with my husband for a work event and needed a place to get some of my own work done before the weekend. I've been wanting to try out the Revelator Coffee in my city so when I saw this one was a block from my hotel, I decided to check it out. This place definitely had more positives than negatives so I'm torn between 3 and 4 stars. Let me lay it out for you:
Coffee - Delicious. I don't usually drink coffee but needed some caffeine so I had an almond milk latte. I drank the whole thing and didn't even need to add sweetener! My only complaint would be it tasted slightly decaf-y. (That slight salty note? But the barista who made my drink left soon after so I didn't get to confirm this with her.)
Tea/Tisane - The options that they have seem great and my cup of the licorice blend was very nice. However, they do not have a caffeinated tea option and that is huge for me when it comes to cafes/shops.
Wifi - Easy internet access. Awesome. Though there were not many outlets for charging computers. But I can't really hold that against them; I understand wanting to move traffic along however since I was out of town and needing to work, I had to move tables (not a big deal) to reach the outlet. And I made sure to make several purchases during my time there.
Overall atmosphere - It was nice, clean, minimalistic. Though it could have used a touch more color. (Even photographs of coffee or coffee beans on the wall above the seating area would do.)
Baristas - Baristas were good with the coffee but some came across slightly pretentious. (And I know I can too.. But a slightly friendlier vibe wouldn't hurt. Remember to not assume people don't know about coffee. Baristas are teachers. And teachers sometimes have to get on the bottom level with the student before moving up. This is what I tell myself.)
Random plus - I loved that they had blankets to use when it was cold! I always get cold, so thank you! :)
Another note - If you want good, clean coffee, come here. If you want a drink with added sugars and flavors, this is not your place.Beautiful chic coffee shop near the hotel we were staying at and I wanted to stop by to try the coffee. Prices are higher (as mentioned by previous Yelpers). I ordered a latte to go and it was decent, but not amazing.Y'all. This place is awesome. It's space is very airy and welcoming. It's modern but still has a bit of a rustic vibe. The baristas are SUPER friendly which I feel like is rare in urban cities like NOLA. I've been in many a coffee shop where the baristas are snobby hipsters, but that's not the case here. Alex and Jess were behind the counter and they were incredibly friendly and helpful. I had their cold brew which is nice and dark. I haven't tried their other drinks, but I'll definitely be back. Free WIFI btw, which is always a plus!Coffee is good.  Pretty disorganized service, though.  Pastries are good.  I had pastelito.  I'd say this place is serviceable.  The best quality is that it provides you coffee when you're eating spectacular cheesefood next door at St James Cheese Company, which is awesome. 
This is a very generous 4 star rating.  Revelator needs to up its customer service game.Fantastic coffee and a lovely space but horrible acoustics. If you are trying to complete some work that requires focus, this is not the place to go. It wasn't very crowded when I went, but everything felt very loud. I would only recommend if you are answering emails or meeting up with a friend!Only one size coffee.  I don't drink the fancy drinks, just coffee, and i like a large cup.  It's the tiniest cup of coffee and I wasn't impressed with the flavor either.  The lighting is dull and so is the decor.  I probably won't ever go back.   There's so many other places to choose from. 
The guy working behind the counter was super nice, good service!  He saved my my rating from a one star to 3 stars.  Good job guy!I am staying at the Loews Hotel near this cute coffee shop so I stopped in this morning at 7 when they opened.  There was one other customer in the shop- she placed her order on an apple square facing the customers and then went and sat down.  I was unfamiliar with doing this so I stepped aside and let the man who had just walked in go in front.  He started to use the square when the guy behind the counter came over- spun it out of his hand and said I'll help you when I'm ready and walked away.  It was very harsh and rude.  We both just turned and walked out.  Just around the corner is a second shop- Pulp and Grind- I went there and they had a big line of people and great, welcoming service.  I would not recommend Revelator Coffee- they are really awful.Modern coffee shop, kinda hipster like all coffee shops. Very simple menu - milk, coffee, iced, tea, add chocolate. That's it. Some pastries and small salads in cooler. Knowledgable and helpful staff. Sell fresh whole beans.Amazing modern coffee shop in New Orleans. Super nice staff and great coffee. Had a beautiful Ethiopian cold brew and they use a very wholesome milk direct from the farmers.This place, from its coffee menu to its design is simple yet precise.  Don't come here for a frappachino or something with pumpkin spice. This place sticks to the bare bones basics coffee and espresso and presents it in a thoughtful manner.
The staff were professional, warm to clientele and extremely knowledgeable about coffee and helpful to the occasional tourist.Super sterile and uninviting environment. I ordered to go (which wasn't the plan) and the coffee was OK but they need to add some warmth to their decor and service.One of the best pour overs in New Orleans!! Standout coffee, artisan flavors and a swag vibe... Nice work!Stopped in during my lunch break for jury duty to get some caffeine. I got a 6 oz. espresso with milk. The espresso was very smooth and the service was extremely quick. The presentation was very nice as well.Wow.  This coffee is really really really good.  perfection comes to mind when describing the overall experience.  I love the modernist space and clean lines.This is a coffee maven's coffee shop. It's on par with top drawer purveyors like Intelligentsia. Espresso is made with a medium-roasted Central American coffee which is smooth and cocoa-like without being bitter or tasting burnt. The baristas are masterful with the latte art and their technique produces great crema. They also do terrific brewed coffee and have several Chemex pourover setups ready to go. Revelator does their own roasting as well. The decor is classy modern and relaxing. Recommended especially if you are serious about coffee or enjoy it as it should be done.The cold brew was fantastic and the empanadas were really tasty. I love exploring quiet, local coffee shops while I'm visiting a new place. Definitely one to check out!The pour over is great I may never sleep again but who cares  the service was great and learned a lot about coffee.Easily one of the best coffee bars I've come across yet.  During our first visit, I ended up befriending Casey, one of the baristas who turned out to be damn cool and a seriously foodie.  Case in point, she gave me and my friend the best restaurant and bar recommendations by far and nailed it on nearly every one.
But back to the coffee, I loved the variety of single origin roasts here and I couldn't believe how affordable the Chemex pour overs were.  Each carefully made and you can actually get a complimentary one via the check-in offer.
The bar is the place to settle in to enjoy the black gold and chat it up a bit with the baristas.  Suffice it to say, we made more than one visit here and it stands as one of my all-time favorites for coffee.Great selection and baristas that know what they're doing. I'd say my favorite coffee shop stop in NOLA. comfortable vibe.. not too crowded.5 stars for location and ambiance - very cool - great relaxed vibe
Order water or maybe tea!
1 star for their espresso - we are espresso snobs and whatever they were serving is not an espresso roast. We choked it down and thanked them for the show but we won't be back. The only reason they get a single star for the espresso is that their actual prep and delivery of the espresso was great - just something very wrong with the bean or the roast.Love this place! It's a perfect little treat to get on work afternoons! It's very clean & inviting and the coffee is delicious.Delicious coffee. Tastes, looks and feels like Seattle :))
I recommend their cappuccinos (no more than 6oz). And you may ask for extra hot... It was cost than I prefer.Had a cold brew and it was great. Nice service too. We hit it in the late afternoon on a week day not long before close so there wasn't a whole lotta vibe to check out but the place was clean and modern.That iced coffee is amazing! So many aromatic notes in it which the simple syrup and splash of half and half actually helped to bring out. Super clean modern space with cute hipster deco. I wish there were more accessible charging outlets as that's what I usually frequent these places for: phone and coffee recharge.
They have light reading available to complement their solid simple menu. I have a feeling lots of the other things on the menu compare just as well in quality. A bit on the pricey side but worth enjoying if you want to treat yourself out with something.I take my coffee and the process/brewing seriously, so I'm a bit harsh, but it seemed like they were cutting corners a bit and not really pushing to be the best. Therefore, 3.5 stars. 
Fancy looking shop, but I'm here for coffee and experience, which wasn't anything that would make me go back.
I brought it to 4 stars due to the nice guy who help me switch up my cortado cup.