Get the cheese steak empanadas too. Sweet baby Jesus!!Great place to watch a game and have a beer. 
The restaurant out back is also pretty good for bar food. I had the wings and they were great.Awesome service, great atmosphere. Very welcoming, drinks are cheap, J. W the 3 legged dog will welcome you at the door. Great little local pub.Saw the sign, took a chance, went in.  Result?  Great food!  I was shocked at how that a chef was cooking at basically a bar but the food was ten times better than I expected.  Had the BBQ Shrimp special, as good as Manale's without the wait or the stupid bib.  The crab and corn bisque was the best I've ever had and I've tried lots of places, good corn soup with a big lump of fresh crabmeat in the center, just excellent.  The Three Pigs sammitch was also incredible and clever, really innovative cooking going on here.  I'll be back!We stopped in here on a locals recommendation at the corner store. What a mistake. It was mid afternoon and the place had people, but wasn't crazy busy. We sat down at a bar table in the front... and waited ... and waited. I know this is the south, but there just seemed to be absolutely no service here and the bartender didn't even acknowledge us.
While going to the bathroom, I noticed a back courtyard where they were steaming crawfish and outdoor tables with a waitress actually serving people, so we moved back there. The waitress was very nice and the service was great, but unfortunately the food fell far short. I asked what the recommendation would be for a great local food. She suggested the pork poboy. I've heard about how these are legendary so I went with it. Another mistake. The pork was dry and tasteless. The coleslaw wasn't even seasoned or anything - I could get this crap at my local grocery store up north. Where's the amazing sauces NoLa is known for? I had to put the fried pickles we ordered for an app on the sandwich so that it would have some taste. Really disappointed.THIS IS NOT A BBQ JOINT!  ONLY 1 RECENT SPECIAL IN MAY 2016 HAD BBQ. So we came here looking for BBQ and were completely disappointed. I had potato skins - they were fine. Friend had loaded fries and bacon-wrapped shrimp. The shrimp smelled so bad the server nicely took it off of our bill. I just won't take a chance with food poisoning! 
Nice server.Went here based on Yelp reviews and within 2 minutes of being here I went to the bathroom and saw a guy with an apron on, smoking and using the urinal. He then did NOT wash his hands. I don't care what he does here as a worker but I refuse to find out he is responsible for the food on my plate. Got a beer and got out of here (beer in a bottle, not a glass- no thanks)I don't really know how to rate this place. I stopped for a quick bite before we did a haunted walking tour with my daughter.  I loved JW, the three legged dog that decided to sit next to my chair. I was flattered.  My waitress was polite but kinda wandered off at one point, but it was OK. . I had raw oysters and shrimp tacos. Both seemed fine to me. The part that concerned me came afterward.  My daughter and I left, and stopped a couple blocks away to use a bathroom before our walking tour, and I completely threw up everything I had just eaten, but I was totally fine after that aside from feeling a little flushed and dizzy.  So grateful that I was in a bathroom!  My daughter had eaten prior to our visit so it was mostly me eating the food, but she did eat some of my shrimp from my taco, and she was fine. She would never eat a raw oyster, but I have eaten lots. So the three stars is because I would be afraid to eat there again without barfing, but I can't prove the food caused it.  My daughter is underage, so I was not drinking any alcohol at all on that visit, but I would come back there again and maybe just drink and not eat the food.  It's a pretty cool bar, a little divey with music playing and mostly locals and a pool table. Plus, I really loved the dog.Came here to watch the Super Bowl because we heart that a bunch of Hawks fans were gathering there.  The environment was great and they had a pretty good drink selection.  The food was good.  The dog there was so cute and kept on trying to play by bringing his toy over to me and leaving it at my feet.  Had a fun time and a great game!!!Checked the place out based on the rating without reading a lot of reviews. As previously mentioned, MRB is now just a bar that has like 5 things on their food menu.I don't want to leave. My husband, our best friends and I just had between us the pulled pork nachos, the fried chicken sandwich, shrimp po boy and the red fish topped with crab and shrimp. It was amazing. The pulled pork in the nachos was the best we've ever had and the fresh homemade guacamole was to die for. The gulf shrimp were so fresh and slightly sweet-it's not even breaded until you order it. The fish was so moist and flaky. It is hands down, the best food I've eaten ever. And Meredith is the best server/hostess I've ever met. Like she says, "If you leave hungry, it's your own damn fault."
It's clean, the people are amazing and the food is even better. If you're snobby and won't be in a place even though it will be the best food you've ever eaten, stay away and let the rest of us enjoy this gem.I liked that it was dog friendly and their burger patties had good flavor.. But that's about it. We ended up sitting in the back open area, food seemed over priced for the taste and quality, and the service was very slow. Our appetizers came out WITH our meal after waiting forever for it. we didn't get out drinks till after we got our food. The waitress kept standing there talking out loud with her friends, as we sat there waiting for her to take our order. It was okay. Was not impressed :/Not bad I guess, but nothing stood out.
  The only reason we came here is because the Haunted History Tours stop here..not sure what that is all about; someone must be getting palm padded for it.
  We were told that they had the best Bloody Mary's in the Quarter (yes it was a pun because of the tour we were on). 
  I liked the break we took, but being that ALL the tours stopped in here regularly, there was only ONE woman working the bar....so if you didn't get all of your order the 1st time you had to wait the long process of her dealing with everyone else that walked in BEFORE she got back to you.
  Granted, she did her best...but it seems that they could have had ANYONE/SOMEONE helping her get the orders/money, etc. to speed up the break we had. I spent most of my time ordering.
  Sure they have been Zagat Rated....but that is NOT everything...after all, that is what Yelp* is for!
  All in all, if you are near the market and need a drink. This place is convenient, but nothing I would venture out for directly.This place is a funky little dive.  I went solo while my wife was at a conference - she would hate this place.  Nice staff, comfortable dive feel, a couple dogs hanging out int he bar (the three legged one that's apparently the owner's and a patron's retriever).  Order the pulled pork sandwich and it was a good as any I've ever had.  Great texture, smoky taste and killer sauce.  Stopped at a "famous" Memphis, TN BBQ joint on the way home and was disappointed after this stop at MRB.This is an amazing little dive bar that comes complete with a three-legged dog. The food was great (burgers and fries... and if they have it on special, you MUST get the peel and eat shrimp), the atmosphere was very local and the people were friendly. A great place to stop if you're in Nola and don't want to be stuck in a tourist trap!
The only downside was how smokey it was inside and that they don't take credit cards.MRB is a cool little "locals" bar that I have frequented for the past 2-3 years. I have always found the bartenders to be friendly and professional. There's an internet jukebox, and the prices are reasonable.
I have to sadly add I am crossing this place off of my usual list of places where I make my rounds, especially at night. Twice now, a self-appointed rude as hell old drunk has aggressively been downright ugly, and he closes with some of the bartenders (he is not a bouncer). Now, I too bartend in the Quarter; I tip well, and never do I stay if they are closing or if a bartender says he/she is closing. But as recently as this past weekend (Sept. 23), just after last call was called and we ordered our last round (and the bartender was both kind and professional in calling last call), this guy meandered over in a threatening manner and was, in short, a bully, I left. I both understand and appreciate this fella waits on the bartenders to close as my friends do for me, but NEVER would I allow my closers to behave in this way. It's ugly. Nothing else but, and it's aggressive, stubborn, stupid, and mean.
Once before, he started aggressively with me when the bar was no where close to closing, but he was angry that "tourists" were in "his" bar. Well, I'm no tourist and nor were any of the quarter residents and service industry people (read: tippers). 
I do not allow people to speak to me in this manner, and now that it has happened twice, when all of my friends want to go to MRB, if it's night, I will be pushing for us all to go to another one of our haunts. I hate it. I love the place, love the bartenders, but I will not put up with this out of anyone.Had to come back for more chargrilled oysters, and hang out with Jamie/beat server EVER!! And JD is the best owner. FYI, sports fans, there are TV's everywhere!!!This place was fantastic! Stopped by for just a quick bite, but got the best fried chicken sandwich I have EVER had!!! Don't be fooled by the bar exterior....the food is so so yummy.  The prices are also great for a very over priced city.  Highly recommended!!Awesome local dive bar. But so nice to out of towners. Dog friendly place. Another patrons dog climbed into my lap and got comfy. I loved it.  The food is great. Teriyaki wings were fantastic, fries are the best ever and the buffalo chicken PO boy was perfect with a little ranch.  Tourists from CA had a great time watching the Sharks in the Playoffs here.A bar that's as casual as it can. Pet friendly. I didn't like the ABIT beer, they were too fruity. Only bottle beer here, nothing on the tap, and cash only.  A favorite spot for the tour guides to take the groups, mmmmm.Awesome service .. Dog friendly.. football.. the food is all hand made and fabulous.. oysters are good, so good the local dog jumped up for a try. The burgers are handmade, it's a place where they actually want you to come in.This place is rough around the edges but has a lot of character. Stopped by before my fight on a Monday around 1pm..some of the locals were already here drinking. It's a dive bar and they accept only cash at the bar but you can pay in credit for food. They also do not serve you alcohol at the table you have to go to the bar to get drinks! The happy hour starts early so if you have time to kill before a flight definitely check this place out. The happy hour is Monday - thur 11:30-4 on their oysters. My first time trying chargrilled oysters and they were delicious! The server in the patio works really hard and is extremely nice. Will come back next time I am back in New Orleans!!Crawfish are good, but as a local, I wouldn't pay $8/lb when there are plenty of spots in town for $2.00/lb.A dive for sure but a great place to bring your dog and watch some football. The beers are cold and the food so so but still a real Nola treatThe WORST place we've ever been to. Were there Jan 19, 2015. Noticed sign over bar said cash only. Asked server about that as we were looking for lunch. Said we could pay for "lunch" with cards. Ok. Seated. Told everything they didn't have!  Ordered but I REALLY wanted a roast beef po-boy. NONE on menu. Shrimp yes. Probably pop corn shrimp. Server BTW was high as a kite.  After we placed our meal order, we asked for drinks. Aha!  That's when we're told we can walk to the bar and get them ourselves --- and, oh, BTW, you have to pay cash for the drinks!  Okay. That's it. Folded menus and walked out. It was a hole in the wall but we didn't want to eat at all the touristy places around. Holes in the wall are usually good. Johnny White's Hole in the Wall in the Quarter is better than this dump.  Not to be confused with a dive. Sayanora. We won't be back.I'm about to cry 'cause this shrimp and crawfish etouffee is so good. Great prices, but cash only.I've been twice now & I'll definitely go back.  Its bar food in the selection, but not typical in it's quality.  The homemade potato chips were really crispy & delicious.   I'm really glad a friend got the pulled pork nachos.   I wouldn't have, b/c I'm a BBQ snob & usually hate most peoples attempts.   But this meat was flavorful, moist, & had great pieces of bark mixed in.  The smoker is outside, so I saw that it's the real deal.  The meat in the burger is so beefy, you shouldn't add too many toppings to cover it up. (& that's from a "dressed all the way w/ xxtra cheese" kinda gal)  The crabmeat stuffed jalapeño tasted pretty good, but had it not been for it's name, I'd never had guessed there was crab in it.
I don't see how it has "$$" when Cochon & Lüke also hv "$$"   It's more affordable, definitely.  I wish the closing time was more consistent though, because twice I've had a hankering for those chips & the kitchen had already been closed; the bar itself stays open much later.
Bottom line: I'll be back!  :)
Oh yeah, & the bloody mary's r awesome!Crawfish Mac and cheese was great as well as the deep fried soft shell crab. Nice people and good service too !!How could you dislike a place that has its own in house mascot a three legged sweet dog name JW. They have a lot of bottled beer to choose from and a full bar. The staff is great super friendly we stopped by twice while we were in town for the weekend to hang out and watch a game. This may be my new favorite spot in New Orleans to hang out away from bourbon st. Did not try the food this time but will next time in town everything looked good. If you are from Memphis this place is like a smaller Young Ave Deli.Back in town for the National Championship and we had to stop at MRB again. Amazing food and great service (thanks Meredith!) This is a must-stop eatery for every New Orleans trip!If you haven't tried the Who Dat wings, you are missing out!  What a gloriously messy treat!  Great burgers, top-notch fries and fast, friendly service!  Drinks are obtained separately from the bar-- ice cold beer and bartenders that know their trade!  
Great neighborhood bar, with great bar food and at least 20 big flat screens to watch games and they do special weekly screenings of tv shows!  Don't forget crawfish when the season calls for it--- great boil!Not too much to add to the other review's and concur the staff, location, set up with the courtyard is fantastic no doubt.  Great spot for locals and tour groups.  TV's for sports and pool tables makes it a very enjoyable experience.  The owner who lives on site- an old creepy dude with a dog, will act inappropriately with ur lady friends.  Happened to me first hand and I had seen and heard it happens regularly.  Whatever, it's a NOLA experience, it's worth checking out just keep an eye out for the tales of the crypt dude.Come for the cheap drinks, stay for the under the radar southern grub. 
A gem of a dive bar.
Came here for NFL Thursday night football to watch my NY Giants. 
Pleasant suprise to find a handful of NY fans watching both football and baseball. 
The best part was the bars three legged bulldog, JW (Jay-Dubya, aka JAY-DUBS). The bar is dog friendly so a pair of JW's friend came to visit him later on. Suprise to find out the dogs owners was also from the garden state, small world.
They have an active pool table and also a backyard with a bunch of TVs setup to watch the games. Inside they have TVs all around each wall so no matter what game your looking for, they probably have it up. 
Staff was very nice and the food was the best surprise. This was my first experience with Boudin and I must say it was tasty good. Boudin consists of cooked pork , rice, onions, and other seasonings. A southern Louisiana treat. 
Did I mention they have a good beer selection. One of my favorites that is very hard to find back east is Fat Tire. Come here to get your fix if your a fan. 
Say hi to JW! He'll be your best buddy in no time.This bar is definitely off the beaten path. This is where the locals go for fantastic cheaply priced food. Waitress was extremely helpful as well. Love it!New Orlean .. New Orlean how I had so much fun!!! This place had good prices on their crawfish and trust me I went back there 3 times while I was visiting .. their chargrilled oysters were so yummy and the waitress / waiter was friendly ... thank you !Drinking and dancing all night sure works up an appetite.  We were stumbling around the french quarter looking for food when we found this gem of a place.
We all knew what we wanted when we saw the giant pot outside:  Crawfish Boil. 
Oh-Em-Gee!
Soooo good.  The crawfish were spicy and delicious and the size of my fist!  And spiciest corn on the cob ever.  The waitress and the cook were super friendly and they have a cute 3 legged dog hanging around greeting people.
We couldn't eating crawfish anwhere else after this.  We came back 2 times looking satisfy our cravings.
Cash Only.
Crawfish boil starts cooking at 4 p.m.Best charbroiled oysters in the French quarter. Go see Gabe his oysters will make you smile!!!The bar here is cash only, but the prices are reasonable. The bartenders can be a bit abrupt and you will have to ask for service. The restaurant is a separate business and is very good. The chargrilled oysters are awesome as are the poboys. They don't always have food service so you may want to check when you go in if you are there for food.Bad service, mean bartenders. Ordered raw oysters and they were not served over ice?! Yes,  they were room temperature.. ugh totally disgusting. Drink prices are higher than most other places. AvoidJust got back from dinner here. A Sunday night and no problem eating most anywhere in the FQ. 
Walked into the front bar area, then saw the courtyard out back. Sat at a table under an umbrella and a waitress appears. I ask for a drink and she says I have to go into the bar and order it there. That the bar and restaurant are separate. Okay, a bit odd, but ok.
 We had a pound of crawfish (tasty with some spice), the crawfish bisque (good flavor but not hot), red beans and rice with sausage (again, very tasty, but not hot), and shrimp étouffée (yes, very tasty, but not hot)
Service was good, the oyster shucker added some color, the three-legged dog interesting. Wish all the employees didn't feel compelled to pet him though. Hey, and the restrooms were amazingly clean.Huge raw oysters! Good blacked shrimp po boy. Bar service was average...took quite a while to order food, but once Misha came it was A-OK. Additional - mascot bar dog and the NCAA games playing made it a place I would go back to. Dozen raw oysters for $14 and they are huge, delicious and very clean. Trust me on this one, especially if ya like dive bars!Good place to watch a football game; Went back recently. They have a new chef, food was great. I had grilled fish tacos with cream goat cheese and mango salsa; YUM and big tooLoved the vibe here. It's kinda dark and dive-y, but great fun. There's gotta be at least 20 tv screens around the room, and they're very willing to put your desired sporting event on at least one of them. Great place to watch the LSU v Bama game, and we got to see our UW huskies be destroyed by Oregon, too (not surprising). Drinks are reasonably priced. But the real surprise was how great the food was. This is well done pub food. Yum! And reasonably priced, as well. The waitress is a great character, and she works her butt off!! She was on hour 12 of her shift, and the only one serving tables, yet she was still funny, personable, and efficient, checking often on tables to see if they needed anything else. There's an inner courtyard with more tv's, as well.  A few of the giant ghost/history tours walked through, and that was a bit strange. Still, great fun.
The bar's owner has this ragged looking 3-legged un-altered bulldog that roams around the bar. He's famous, apparently, as he's featured on the bar's t-shirts and there are some hand-drawn pictures of him behind the bar.  So, if you are not a dog fan, especially of big, slobbery dogs, this maybe isn't the place for you. That being said, he mostly seemed to ignore patrons who weren't interested in scratching his back or tossing his toy for him.Awesome place and great prices. Charbroiled oysters better then at Acme. Try their pasta special with soft shell crabs.Awesome...Crash (the chef) rocks!  The amazing wafts of deliciousness from the crab/shrimp boil reached my nose all the way down the street and around the corner...his boil pot is chillin outside the restaurant so the wind can carry the irresistable smells and smack you right upside the head; good marketing technique!  Oh, and did I mention it is ALL you can eat for $13 bucks?!  Come in, watch the game in the little courtyard out back, have a beer, pet the 3 legged bar dog that plays pool, and eat amazing food...Come on now!  What could be better?!This place  is disgusting! Very dirty with surly staff and mediocre food.  The owners dog peed on the floor right by our table as we were eating!!!! Really?!?!  Gives new meaning to a "dive bar".  Avoid this place.I've eaten here twice now and I must say for bar food it's pretty yummy. The pulled pork nachos have real slow roasted pulled pork on them and the smoker is back in the court yard. They also grind their own hamburger meat and make a dang good burger. We also had the debris fries I liked everything about them except the Bleu Cheese next time I get them I'll just nix the Bleu Cheese on top. The service is pretty slow so be prepared to wait, but hey it's better than standing in line around the corner at that other place...This is a little local bar that is cash only, has a pretty good bar menu, and good number of TVs. Well located but not flooded solely by tourists. A good place to stop for a few hours if it's raining, or if you want an afternoon stop to get off your feet for a while. My guess is this is a good place to watch a Saints game.I was over charged by this place, the menu total was supposed to be around 40 dollars but the total was 69.30 dollars. We made the tourist mistake of not fact checking the prices at the spot. The receipt does not say how much every food item was so you cannot really tell how much every single item was. Tried calling this place multiple times and they hang up every time. What a shame  ,Great place to catch a game - go Steelers! - and yummy, uh, shrimp sandwiches to boot!Wow what a great dive bar. It was a block away from our hotel which was St. Philip Hotel. Great drinks and food. The bar is cash only but the sit in restaurant you can pay with card. I tried their carne empanadas,nachos, and buffalo wings. I was surprised with the empanadas. I thought they were going to bland. It sure proved me wrong. It's two empanadas cut in half and served with melted cheese. It was my favorite from the menu. For our group it was our go to bar. Will definitely go back there. Also, they have a bar dog and he's adorable!! His name is JR.MRB = MBF; Me Being Full.
This place is amazing.  I don't know how I walked out of this place with my pants still buttoned because the fried crawfish ravioli was out of this world.  Yes, I did indeed say that the ravioli was FRIED.  It had this remoulade (spelling?) heaved on top of it with speckles of crawfish intermittently topped all over the place... I don't know how to describe it better than just - decadent.
I had other food too.  But this this friend beauty deserves a trophy.  If I had one to give, even like a high school swim meet medal in the bottom of my sock drawer somewhere... I would give it to MRB.Went back. Had the crab legs, oysters, crab and corn bisque, boiled crawfish, steak sandwich and it was all excellent! My only complaint was that the hot sauce on the outside of the crab legs was extremely spicy. It seemed like it was just hot pepper powder. Anyway. I still love it. Oh and we managed to catch the last bit of a ghost tour. The tour guide was wasted which was pretty hilarious.I am in LOVE with this little place!!!  I loved the energy here!!!  The food was absolutely amazing!  I had tried one of the specials of the night which was a chicken and sausage etouffee and I wanted to lick my plate clean.  My sister had the shrimp and crawfish etouffee and that was also amazing, I kinda wanted to lick her plate clean too.   The waitor was named Clint and he was quirky and fun, he did an amazing job.  He only serves the food, so if your wondering why he is not asking what you want to drink it is because you have to go to the bar to get it.  Drinks are cheap and done right!  There is an adorable 3 legged dog named JW here, he just roams around trying to steal pool balls, great dog.  If you are up tight you probably won't like this place.  I LOVED it!!!MRB!!! I ended up at MRB with the bf back in December after accidentally (drunkenly) ending up on a Vampire Tour of the city. I can't remember the tour of the supposed vampire bars that we visited except for this one. Now, I'm not exactly sure if this is a vampire bar or not, but the crab legs were awesome. The smell was intoxicating so we had to order them. It was our first time eating crab legs and let me tell you as a seafood novice they are daunting! After I cracked the first one open it was all smooth sailing and lots of butter. I wish that we would have gotten a chance to try more of the menu but it was late and I think they were out of food. They did give us a few potatoes and some corn on the cob. Anyway, the outdoor patio is really typical of New Orleans and their 3 legged rescue dog is adorable.Local bar.  Great place to watch sports!  Leslie the day time bartender is a sweetheart!  Actually, all the bartenders are great.   JD the owner makes you feel welcomeIf you're hung over with a pounding head and your body aches like you blacked out and did a cross-fit work out and don't remember, this place feels like heaven. What a lovely reprieve from the heat and bright lights. Nothing calms a broken body like a dark, cool bar and a mid-day cocktail.
Bartender was hilarious. Three-legged dog with GIANT (seriously) pink balls (clearly compensating for the missing leg) was a wonderful host. 
Wished I had had the mental capacity and energy to read the yelp reviews while I was there and tried the food. Guess that means I'll have to come again, maybe without the hangover this time.The courtyard was a nice place to have lunch.  I had the Cochin de lait which was tasty with perfectly cooked sweet potato fries.  The only spoiler was the crab guacamole...it was obviously not homemade.  The server was le shite.If your going for food... Not really sure if this is the same restaurant anymore, when my husband and I went we were told it was a new place and it is indeed under a different name. I ordered nachos and what I received were basically stale Tostitos with cold canned cheese sauce on top. Hardly worth the $5. My husbands poboy was decent. Unsure about the bottles of mayo sitting out all day on the tables in the sun. Not sure this place would pass health inspection.Okay this place is awesome!  Blackened red fish taco is delicious as is the blackened shrimp and crawfish queso dip. Meredith and Chad are so friendly and prices are really fair. Come Friday to Sunday for seafood boil. Sit in the courtyard and bring a bunch of people!It's sad. This place has such unique history and all it is now is a rundown sports bar. I'm pretty sure the Haunted Tours keeps this place in business.Super laid back dive bar, friendly bartenders, and an adorable three-legged dog!My favorite crawfish place. The cook knows how to make excellent crawfish. 
3 lbs and a bottle of Abita. good time.I work right down the street from this place, and like everyone else that works around here, I adore the food. They have some of the best bar food in the quarter, and pretty good boiled seafood too. I send folks who ask where to eat here all the time. 
The only drawback to this place is the most unfortunate midwestern sports bar feel it has on most nights- lots of TVs in your face all over the place and the music playing is usually pretty terrible. You can avoid that to some degree by going in the back to eat, but they have TVs back there too.This is my regular spot, and has been for many years. I appreciate the back-of-house attempts to get the community inside and involved with projected show screenings. I watched the entire AHS-Coven series weekly in their rear courtyard. I have friends who go weekly for Game of Thrones. 
Stan, who runs the kitchen, is incredibly kind. He's one of those New Orleanians that you want all your out-of-town folks to meet so they walk away with a great impression of the city. His food is always spot on. It's not gourmet and it's not a hipster bar, so don't expect pretty plating or fancy ingredients. You ask for a burger, you get a burger. Know what I mean? 
I've had almost everything on the menu (multiple times). My favorites? Who Dat wings, Mardi Gras pasta, basic burger & fries, (love their cheese fries!), fried green tomatoes, and chargrilled oysters. Each time I get the oysters (4-5 times this year so far) they're a little bit better than the last time. The only thing I don't order anymore is their crawfish because it doesn't include potatoes/corn etc -- but the boil is GOOD, y'all. 
The bar itself is the soul of the place. It's where I watched the Saints win the super bowl, and that's a night I'll never forget. Sometimes it's got a divey feel and there will only be 2-3 folks at the bar. Other times there will be so many people watching a game you can't walk through.  The bartender(s) are solid. Never had any complaints - just make sure you know what you want when you walk up and if it's busy, stick with something basic so they don't give you the side eye. 
If you walk in, and you probably will if you've made it this far in the review, tell Stan "WhatsNew" sent you. Cheers.I just happen to walk by this bar and saw the cute doggie!!! JW and I fell in love. Any free time I got I spent playing with him and I was so sad to leave. The employees are super nice and the bar itself is very clean. I didn't get a chance to go back into the courtyard but I plan to come back next year and see my new friend.Wandered in for a cold drink then noticed the happy hour special - raw oysters $0.50 each!!!! Also had the boudin balls which were nice and crispy with a great flavor. This place is a dive bar with what appeared to be almost a 50/50 mix of locals and tourists. A find that out a smile on my face.Excellent chargrilled oysters with garlic butter and Parmesan at a low price for the French Quarter.
This is a very laid back establishment.  The patio tables in the courtyard behind the bar make you feel like you are hanging out in someone's backyard.  They are even grilling your oysters or boiling your crawfish right their on the patio with you.  
We went back the following day to sit back on the patio to eat fresh raw oysters and boiled crawfish.   Wow ... Again, not only was the price fair (way below the average Quarter restaurant), the food was perfect.  They get the crawfish seasoning perfecto!
Please understand, these are good people serving an awesome meal at a fair price and they make you feel right at home!It's cool to find a real sports bar in the midst of all the tourist stuff around the French Market.  However, this is definitely not a Barbecue joint.  There are no Ribs or Brisket or Pulled Pork.  They do have pretty good grilled oysters. The Crawfish Fried Rice is awesome.  Its a bit weird that the bar is pretty much a  separate operation, i.e. you have to go inside to the bar to buy alcohol separately, but its a good reason to get some exercise. There are a multiple TVs outside, and a multitude of TVs inside, each with a different game on during football season.Perfect. Not touristy and not too local. The bartender is engaging and sweet. RC would like it here. There is a goat  on the roof.Wings were horrible, they were rock hard...wasn't even sure what was meat and what was bone, yes, that bad. I didn't come here for food though so that why I'm giving them some stars, great bar and friendly people. The oysters are great!Though we were a bit hesitant to stay at first, I am so, so glad we did. It was some of the best food I've ever had! Meredith, the waitress, was amazing, too! I would highly recommend adding this to your list of go-to eats while in New Orleans.This place is now called Mr.B bar and grill. The food is ran seperate from the bar. The lady who ran the food was awesome. The girl behind the bar however was too drunk to run the bar. She was drinking Yager the entire time and messed up on my drink order. I ordered a bloody Mary with kettle one and she gave me a bloody Mary with there house vodka. When I told her I asked for kettle, she said she poured me grey goose when I saw she didn't even pour grey goose. She did fix my order but she continued to drink. She honestly was on a good one too. She messed up on a couple other people's order.The oyster Po boy was pretty bad. Bland, non-seasoned oysters were served on a dry French bread without any type of sauce. And there were dry shredded iceberg lettuce and a slice of tomato on the side. No sauce at all! Po boy was pretty bad.
The service and the crawfish & corn bisque was good! Just eat bisque and don't get anything else.Known as Mr B, this bar came highly recommended.  Bring cash, as that is all they take.  You'll order your food from a waitress and your drinks separately from the bar. We came for the crawfish and roasted oysters and we were not disappointed.Very laid back bar. We just stopped in here for $2 domestics but found a fun and relaxing atmosphere. J.W (the dog) is obviously a wonderful addition. Felt very at home, great pit stop on our trip! They even had a Wrigley Field picture! 
Though we did not get any food, the girls next to us at the bar said they had an awesome meal. After reading some of these reviews, we wish we would've gotten some food. 
To take away, it's a dive bar with (apparently) delicious food and $2 domestics! Definitely worth stopping in!Lovely atmosphere if you just want to disappear, watch some sports and hang out with a sweet, sweet dog. A great hole in the wall with killer boudin sausage. Also has pool, a patio and 13 TVs. Need to get your local sports bar fix? Look no further!One of my favorite bars in NOLA! Staff and patrons are friendly and the food is great.When this says "restaurant and bar," what MRB must really mean is: "a bar that happens to serve food to drinking patrons.
THIS PLACE IS ROUGH!!!!!  
Dark, smoky, loud, neon, cement floor, dirty (they allow dogs to roam freely inside and have dog water bowls set out to accomodate them... all while you're theoretically enjoying a meal... doesn't that violate health codes???)Humble and delicious local cooking with tables in the bar or in the back patio. This is a divey establishment serving real Cajun fare. Alcohol must be ordered and paid for separately at the bar...must have something to do with the liquor licensing. If you want  more water, there's a water cooler with plastic cups sitting near the back of the bar by the patio.
This place offers little flair or elan. Just simple home cooked food at reasonable prices.