Rock n sake. That's the name. Except that they were playing pop music. Loud, loud pop music. I was less than enthusiastic.  The waitress was wonderful.  Super attentive and had some great recommendations. The food was just so so. But perhaps my expectations were too high.  We have a top notch sushi place where I live . I heard great things about rock n sake. Maybe they were having an off day. We went on a Sunday evening. The prices were average, not very high for a restaurant in the city. 
All in all I was disappointed in the experience. But in saying that, I will most certainly try it again. Every place deserves a second chance.This is a second-tier sushi restaurant, despite the good intentions of the owners.  Great food, but they are outdone byt he reasonably closeby Sake Cafe and Tokyo Bisto.  Nice decorations.This place is definitely not a traditional Japanese sushi place, they specialize in a variety of rolls.  The music here is loud which works for what I believe it is trying to be.  And that is a cool place to have dinner before you and your friend hit up the clubs and bars.
Unfortunately, I was eating by myself and was not really impressed.  I had the sashimi dinner, which was less traditional as the slices were very thin, but the quality was pretty good.
I didn't notice but my co-workers say there's always a lot of pretty ladies here, it might have been a weeknight.  I would give it a 3.5 stars if I could, because it actually does seems like a pretty cool place to hang out.  But as a restaurant only, it's somewhat pricey and I'd have to give it 3 stars.  I would try this place again a group of friends though.Best sushi in New Orleans, this popular restaurant is normally full with a wait. The wait doesn't stop anyone. Some people will eat at the bar. I always get the upside down roll. It's my absolute favorite item on the menu. The cocktails also are delicious. The staff is very friendly and helpful in recommendations.Got off of work early and walked here to eat for the first time. Had some great sushi!! Now the drink was a little pricey but it made my day a little bit better than it was before!I really like this place.  The sushi is fresh, and the play great music (from rock, to pop, to club dance music, to techno house, etc.).  They have a great selection of sushi and rolls.  I always like to order some miso soup and edamame as appetizers.  On weekends this place is packed and seems to be a happening place for the 20s to 30s crowd.  
Today it was the first time that I went there with a large group of people from work.  There had to be at least 20 of us, therefore I felt that the service wasnt as good as when I only go with a few friends and occupy a table of 4.  Today our bill included a 18% gratuity, I dont like to be charged a gratuity because I feel that I lose my ability to send a message to my server.  I usually reward good service with a great tip, and leave a small tip when the service is lacking.Man...i heard so much good about this place I knew I had to try it.  I've gone a total of twice here.  1st time was horrible and the 2nd time confirmed it.  In retrospect, i should have known by the source of the suggestions to go here.  you know...the types that actually go here on the weekends like it's a social event.  I mean, eating out IS a social event, but people come here as if it was a nightclub that happens to serve food.   
I'll reflect on my 2nd and final visit to this shithole with walls...
it was a Saturday evening.  We were meeting a large group for dinner.  I should have seen the signs when I walked up and saw a waiting line and people dressed as if they were going to a club on Jersey Shore.  yeah, blondes with sunglasses and heels at dusk...dudes with button up shirts with embroidered flames or tribal art...or some other gay shit that looks totally retarded.  
So after over an hour wait we finally get the table.  I was tipsy by then on the over priced drinks they serve. Sure glad I'm "BALLIN" enough to afford this place.  So we sit down, and the waitress politely says, "there's a 2 hour wait on sushi"  WTF!!! Why not LET ME ORDER MY SHIT WHILE WE ARE IN THE WAITING LINE OUTSIDE THEN YOU FUCK?!!
Seriuosly? 2 hours to wait for sushi AT A SUSHI ReSTAURANT?!!!!!  I could go on about horrible experience but I gather you got the hint.  If y ou didn't, then you deserve to go here with the rest of the MTV Cast.
Now, I know I've said nothing yet on the food itself and service...Food was C average.  And judging service by the 1st and last time I went, D-.  The first trip i went there, they forgot ...yes FORGOT 2 items i ordered.  1 was put in and just left there waiting and never delivered to table and the other, Idk...maybe the waitress was having an off day.  Who knows...but she wasn't even polite about fucking up.  
Go at your own risk.  I know other people who've had better experiences there...and I wish I could say the same.  But I can't.The food isn't bad but the service is lacking. It took an hour to get out sushi and they didn't even bring all of it at the same time. The music is so loud that you have to yell and when we asked them to turn it down, they didn't.Our dining experience was horrible. We waited 3 hours to get our food, while a couple dining with us ate their food an hour before we were served our food. The waitress was nice, but she was not observant of our drinks or serving our salads. The manager was a complete jerk and came to our table with attitude and basically said its a Friday night. He only offered to give us a free edamame NEXT time!! Really? There will be no next time.Love this place. Love the atmosphere.  Everything I've had is extremely tasty. I love their trendy drinks. Great placeEveryone recommended coming here during my visit to NOLA.  In my head, I was thinking, " Really?  Waste a meal slot on sushi?  I can get that ANYWHERE!"  Admittedly, the sushi here is pretty fresh.  The seaweed salad is pretty good (haven't had a bad one anywhere yet, *knocks on wood*).  Pass on the miso soup though.  Tastes very powdery.  
So why come here?  If you are planning to go clubbing at Republic or Masquerade, both awesome by the way (people don't start clubbing until like midnight, however), Rock-n-Sake is a nice place to get dinner and pre-party since its close to both clubs.  Everyone at the restaurant is already dressed up and ready to party.  Pretty good background music selection too.My husband and I were out for our anniversary and due to prior plans, needed a place that was open late for dinner.  Since we both love sushi, this was it.  We were greeted by a very friendly host, mind you it was about 9:30-10:00pm, we were sat and greeted by the sushi chef and our waitress.  We browsed through the menu, which is extensive and detailed.  The miso soup was wonderful and the sushi was fresh and amazing.  The chef made sure that we knew what each of the rolls were.  I loved the red dragon, while my husband preferred the voodoo queen.  The staff was very friendly and attentive, service was quick and the food fabulous.  Thank you for making my anniversary dinner experience great!!!  Can't wait until I get to go back.Very good sushi. I've been here twice now, and service has always been great. Love the salmon zest roll, one of my favorites! Music can get a bit loud at times.Tuesday is great day to come, but the bartender sucks.  Never asked if we wanted to open a tab just had an attitude, plus they "ran out" of every discounted liquor on the $5 menuLet's be honest. I've been to this establishment with a team of people and spent hundreds of dollars getting drunk and eating the best sushi in Nola, and I've been there with my g/f and daughter and had a wonderful time. My 2 favorite rolls are the red dragon and the upside down roll. However there are a multitude of other delicious rolls. Also if you're adventurous try sitting at the sushi bar and requesting the chefs make you something not on the menu. The sashimi I've had there ranged from tuna to mackerel to salmon and several others. The atmosphere is very alive and contemporary to say the least. Anyone that have this place less than a 3.5 doesn't know good food. I've always preferred sushi from the east and west coast. However I must say I've found a true gulf coast rival.Perhaps it was because I arrived for a quick bite of sushi 30 minutes or so before closing time, but Rock n Sake Bar & Sushi was rather disappointing.  Uninterested staff and average sushi guarantee I won't ever be back.Consistently excellent sushi. Wonderfully creative rolls with great flavor combinations.  I love this place and would eat there more often if parking was easier
 This place caters to a young crowd with the loud music.Oh my god. Amazing!!!! Had a few off menu items recommended by THE BEST bar tender / manager around. The recommendations were amazing. Blue fin belly. Tuna cakes. Oh my. I wanted to have sex with my food it was so good. Kory was on point with everything. I WILL BE BACK.  new regular acquired!!!!!The atmosphere is rad. We stayed at the bar for après tradeshow festivities. Great place to treat the team to sushi snacks and cocktails, wine and a solid beer selection. Thanks KoreyOne of favorite sushi places in the city based on the sushi! Great for a Friday lunch but can get really loud at night time - especially on weekends. Ask the sushi chef to create stuff for you. It's all amazing!Loved the sushi here! It was fresh and delicious and very reasonably priced. We tried every roll here except for the California roll and garlic roll. Great atmosphere and the wait staff were very attentive and food came out in a reasonable amount of time even though they were quite busy.The food is okay but it took over an hour to get my food on a Wednesday!  I used to come here all the time because I live in the Warehouse District. But I don't plan on coming here again.  
Hip decor though.I have a new food craving: the hawaii five-o roll. Warm coconut battered shrimp, cream cheese, avacado and mango. Pure heaven.  
This is hands down my favorite sushi place in nola.  As a Vancouver native and 7 year veteran of San Francisco, I know my sushi, and this place has high quality fish and innovative tasty rolls.  Loud music and club atmosphere: I don't care one way or the other.  The sushi is amazing. End of story.Wow! This place has changed since last time we went there! For the worse I mean. The staff was great and on top of things!
  The menu has change they eliminated lots of good options they had. The food quality has gone down, just not the same awesome flavors it used to have. 
 The portions were smaller and presentation was bad. We have eaten there for years and food used to be good, with nice size portions, and great presentation. I don't know if they changed owners or management but it is bad we won't be back for a while hopefully they get to the way they used to be before.5 stars  great atmosphere and outstanding sushiEverybody we take here gets hooked! Very talented sushi chefs My husband asks the chefs to make him something"special" off the menu every time we go(twice a month) and its always delicious. I think they have the best Dragon roll! Our usual appetizer order is hamachi kama(yellowtail neck), gyoza or spicy gyoza soup(enough for 2), tuna tataki. We always leave saying wow! what a great dinner--Atmosphere on Friday lunch has a very cbd/warehouse district/ business lunch feel and dinner feels contemporary/trendy/energetic.  Dinner w/o alcohol is around $60Very impressed! Not only were the dishes creative, beautiful and delicious, the general manger went out of his way to greet us as first timers and treat us to an incredible dish. The decor and music choices are an added bonus. Definitely recommend!Before the Rock-n-Sake in Metairie opened, I would have given the Fulton location a 5 star. It was one of my favorite spots to eat in the city, but I feel like the service, quality, and overall atmosphere has declined. I've gone twice in the last week, and it took our sushi over an hour to be made both times, which in turn came to our table looking sloppy and smaller rolls than usual. Hopefully it's just the fact that they are training new staff, and it's taking a while for them to adjust. I guess I will try the one in Metairie next time in hopes for a better experience.This place was hopping when we got there, 15 to 30 min wait for a table.  But we were told there was room at the sushi bar.  That was ok for us.  Sallie, our waitress was very happy to help and recommend several items.  They had Uni!  We have never had this rare sushi item, very tasty if it is available.  The LSU sushi  roll was incredible too.  If the other rolls and sushi are as good as the ones we had, this place is well worth the trip.This place is awesome. Good vibe. Great atmosphere and good food. Upside down roll....yep!Very painful experience, I went on my birthday with a group of girlfriends and hoped to recreate fun experiences in which I had in years prior but this was an epic fail. The waitress couldn't seem more uninterested in serving us. Service was slow and she was inattentive. I really enjoyed the happy hour rolls and the food in general so that's why I'm giving the two stars and returned to try again. 
I went two more times but the second time was just as bad as the first in terms of service. We waited forty minutes for a sushi as the place was not that busy. I took it a little personal this time so I won't be going back.The sushi is high quality, the atmosphere is nice, the bartender was great. I will come back here to get my fix when I'm in NO.
Bar has several tvs so I could watch the game and music wasn't so loud I couldn't hear people speak. I enjoyed the backlit bartop and the stools weren't uncomfortable. Wells are about $6, which I suppose is average. There is also a pretty good sized dining area, but i only saw it in passing.
On this visit I got the BBQ eel, California sunset, and triple S roll all of which were fantastic despite being in the three different price tiers. Menu didn't have prices on it which is great for bringing dates, but a little irritating if you're trying to be thrifty. The triple S (at $18) is totally worth it with just enough kick and it's a lot of food. California sunset was very tasty and came with a spicy dipping sauce which was also fantastic, and the BBQ eel was flavorful despite its simplicity. 
I know it's hard to find bad food in NO, but this place exceeded expectation. I look forward to trying some of there other items next timeCame here for my daughters 16th birthday, the staff is top notch! The manager made arrangements for my daughters birthday and was so happy to see us! Made us feel special, she is a keeper!! We ordered several rolls and boom! "Sushi Bliss" they were incredible!!! Best sushi I have had in a long time and by far the best in New Orleans! Was rather quite shocking!! We had a great time, and was not crazy overpriced! I would recommend bringing many friends and enjoy a fantastic sushi joint!!!Party of 6. We got there and the host told us to wait couple of minutes. Great! No big deal.
Then, they gave us a table for 4. I went and ask for a new table and he told  me a flat NO.
How about the 2 tables down there? We can fit there...i said. 
The replied was. NO, again with an attitude.
No reservation signs.
Anyway. We walked out and left.
Never again!!!!!Welp, I guess you have to be pretty drunk to not hate this place.
From the 90 minute wait time, to the POUNDING club music that cannot be altered in any way, to the terrible service, to the overpriced menu... I mean... come on.
After our wait in the bar, our server could not be bothered to take our order for another half hour.  
There are no prices on the menu.  So, if you are wealthy enough to throw your money to the wind, you're in luck!   I'm not so fortunate.  Prices, thankfully, could be found online.
Sides never came, and while one member of our group got all of his food after the rest of us were finished, another got double his order.  He sent it back, but was charged for it, nonetheless.
We were with a friend on his birthday, and saw another table with a birthday get a fun-looking assortment of desserts with candles and a song.  Looked great!  So we asked for the same thing, and we would told 'sure, no problem'.  Never came.  Sorry, friend, no birthday song for you.
If you have too much money, feel like going deaf, and enjoy waiting in a packed bar as the minutes of your life tick away, this place is for you.  They even have Fox News on the TV for you folks!
If you hate that kind of crap, I'd stay away from this lovely establishment if I were you.  That's certainly my plan.  
The sushi was alright.  Mikimoto is better.I usually get the Rock n Roll, Hawaii 5-0, and the LSU. Usually all delicious, but there have been a few times where it tasted a little stale. The service is god awful. SO so rude. The white guy sushi chef was chattin with a guy and as I was walking out the guy holds up a dollar, I believe called me a stripper, and both laughed. Luckily my european rugby player friend didn't hear the comment. My version of the dollar consisted of my middle finger. Our bill was $230, not a good way to show appreciation. 
On a good note, I haven't found another sushi place that has their type of variety in rolls. They also carry flavored Hana sake, which is very good. It's a great place to people watch, sports players and movie stars if you are into that sort of thing. The party like atmosphere is good and the music is fun.Service and food was great. But the play list is what it forwarding this review. Any place that will play Nickelback and make me feel like a big rock star can get 5 rock stars back! We hung out all night in the private rooms with the lastest dictionary's and the best shrimp wontons this side of the Mississippi.Ate at Rock-n-sake last night. As always, it delivered exactly what I wanted. Delicious sushi to satisfy my Volcano roll craving.
Atmosphere:
Busy and alive. This restaurant is always busy and has a fun, electric, atmosphere. The decor is modern and has really cool art work. Even the chandeliers are lit up squids hanging from the ceiling.
Service:
Our waiter was quick and efficient. He could tell we were there to get a few specific items off of the menu, so he was quick to get the order in and make sure we had drinks while we waited. One of the rolls we ordered is meant to be served hot. It arrived hot and ready to be eaten. This roll can take a while to make, so I was please and surprised at how quick it came. Typically the restaurant will tell you to put this roll order in first so that they can get started on it. 
Our waiter followed up with us to make sure we had everything, and he didn't waste any time bringing my friend the soy sauce she wanted so we could enjoy it with our meal.
Food:
Their sushi is yummy, and the presentation is always beautiful. I didn't think to take a picture of my food while I was there, but I grabbed one off of the internet so that you can see exactly what our two roll order looked like. 
I always go to Rock-n-Sake for the Volcano roll. If you are a sushi purist, this roll is definitely not for you. But if you are just out to eat something that will fill your mouth with flavor, wow, you will love this Americanized spin on sushi! Yes it is true that it is imitation crab roll, but heaped on top is spicy baked salmon and snow crab in a spicy mayo sauce, drizzled with eel sauce and further topped with smelt roe and green onions. It is decadence in a dinner. This rich roll will fill you up fast. Rock-n-Sake serves this roll hot, which further enhances the flavor experience. 
We also ordered the LSU roll; again, not a classic sushi item, but I did enjoy the cream cheese and tempura shrimp blend. A yummy specialty roll; although, I still prefer the Volcano.
Drinks:
None today. Still recovering from the weekend's festivities.
Random:
Confucius say, "Man with one chopstick go hungry"Maybe the worst place to go in New Orleans. Not only did we wait for HOURS to be seated, the drinks while we waited were weak and the staff was very unhelpful.  I am not usually one to complain but felt the strong urge to keep anybody from living the same nightmare that is "Rockin Sushi". I even signed up on yelp right now because I have waited that long and it is so bad here. I would have left a long time ago but I'm on a bachelor party weekend and the groom wanted to go here. What can you do?
WORST NEW ORLEANS EXPERIENCE EVER. 
Save yourself the effort and go elsewhere.First, i must say the sushi and sashimi are fresh and tasty; however the portions are very small, so you better order 2 dishes per person. Many great selection os Sakes- we ordered the lychee cold sake- excellent! We had a good meal here!Whoever gave this place less than 5 stars does not understand sushi.  I'm from LA and this place is the bomb. Come Tuesday for incredible deals.  Ask for Kory he is super knowledgable.This place is within walking distance from work so that gives it a plus in my book. I've only had sushi so I can't comment on the other menu items but I find the sushi to be average but overpriced. I can't say they offer anything different from Mikyoto's or Sushi Brothers but there seems to be a padded price. I would definitely go back to try something other than sushi to give it a fair shot but color me not impressed.Heard lots of good things about this place, have been there twice now, really good staff, entire staff is comprised of "good looking " young people.. tried five different rolls over my two visits and wasn't too impressed, go here if your looking for a cool atmosphere and good music and friendly staff but the sushi was fresh, but wasn't the bestFood was great, sushi bar was helpful. Will return!Favorite sushi place I've ever been to! The vibe is casual with clubby music. It wasn't too crowded for a Friday night. Do yourself a favor and order the shrimp wontons! Any of their sushi plates/rolls are great but my favorite is the LSU roll. The shishito peppers and the s-roll were a little inconsistent with spice; some pieces were hot and others weren't but they were still good. The Tokyo-Tini and sake were slam dunks! 10/10 would go again.Came here again on a Wednesday night, place was packed, played good music. We sat at the bar, ordered the pork belly lettuce wraps which are my fave, tried the shrimp wontons, it was good but I've had better so don't think I'll order that again. The upside down roll and the garlic salmon roll are our usual orders for sushi which were super good! And for dessert, we had the strawberry Mochi which is another fave but I wanted to try out their Tempura ice cream this time and that was super yummy! It hit the spot! 
This place is not to disappoint! I couldn't leave New Orleans and go home without eating here again. This place has amazing Japanese food! I'm all about trying new restaurants so if I'm back at a place I've already eaten at before, then it's definitely worth coming to again in my books!I know lots of my friends like this place, but I don't really think its very good at all. I guess if you're into pretentious places where all the "cool" people go to eat sushi, then you would like this place. Think Jersey Shore and sushi.  I'm sure Snooki would give it a  5 meatball rating. To me the wait is unbearable, the food is just OK and the service is average to poor at times. AND FOR THE LOVE OF GOD AND BABY JESUS, TURN THE FUCKING MUSIC DOWN JUST A LITTLE.  The loud music will not drown out the fact that this place is not a good sushi place. Try Sushi Brothers on St. Charles or Kanno in Metairie.Food is great but Time to prepare food Sucks!  They were busy so I placed everything when we ordered our drinks. We got our appetizers, tuna nachos and tuna tacos,which were great.  30-45 mins after the apps, we were still waiting.  In fact, the server was spending his time having his picture taken with some girls.  Also, larger group came in after us had gotten their food and were almost done.  I cancelled the rest of my order and left.   This may not resonate with them but I hope they can get their act straightened out.If you're craving semi-decent, Americanized sushi served in a rowdy Tex-Mex-bar kind of atmosphere with extremely drunk and obnoxious crowd to match, this is definitely your place.
If not, do yourself a favor and head to the far-superior Kyoto or Horinoya.Came back here after 8 years and rolls are as good as its ever been.  A must stop sushi place!When I am in NOLA and I want sushi, Rock-n-Sake is my #1 choice. Their food is A+ and their love for the Saints makes them that much better.The WHOLE entire experience was horrible! The most uncomfortable unwelcoming experience dining out ever. Thanks to the whole staff that sure did act like they did not want us there . And auto grat-d us with just 5 people never again .Triple S and Voodoo Queen are all you need to fulfill your life and chuck in a sake bomb for good measure! The service was spot on. I could not fault anythingReally cool place! Sushi was fresh and delicious and portions are pretty huge. The bartenders and staff are all pretty nice and attentive.  Only downside is the wait time (its a small place) and parking's a pain too.This sushi bar is one of the best!! Located in the CBD of New Orleans, parking is always easy. If you eat here, you have to try their awesome LSU roll!! I am a major raw sushi fanatic so I no california rolls for me and the LSU roll is something you should try while eating here! All the seafood and sushi is very fresh everytime I eat here!Enjoyed dinner there this evening & Nicholas was great! First time I brought my wife there & she can't stop talking about how fresh the sushi & rolls were! Nicholas' two  top favorites the Triple S & Voodoo Queen Amazing.Amazing service! Great atmosphere! It was like a club inside (music wise) but it was music I like and my boyfriend didn't mind much either.
I got the tiger martini and my boyfriend had a mixed drink as well. We got a couple different rolls...oh my goodness...amazing!
Sorry I'm not a little more thorough...but this was October 2013. I've had friends take trips to NOLA recently and I sent them to rock n sake. they loved it as much as we did. Always going back whenever we go to NOLA.ate in and yes, there was music playing. though even for a saturday night i wouldn't say it was too loud. where are these places where sushi is consumed in silence? i don't know of any.
that said, the meal was fine and dandy but not as impressive as the take out has been. my theory is that the best take out sushi in the world is still not as good as the best sushi fresh from the chef's knife. so while rock-n-sake sushi travels well, it's not as if it was freakin' nozawa before it got put in the box, you know? anyway, carry on.I've been to Rock N' Sake plenty of times, but I don't think I've ever written a review, so here goes.
The good:
Fun, lively atmosphere. 
Could be great for a first date, since it's not too quiet.
Good service.
Really great sushi.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the volcano roll.  The LSU roll is another favorite.
The bad:
Being in the warehouse distict, parking can be difficult.
While I love the lively atmosphere, with the cool music...it can get loud, which makes it difficult to hear each other if you're in a group.
Prices are about what you'd expect.It's hard to have a bad meal in NOLA so I don't often post a review, but Rock-n-Sake deserves a shout out for going above and beyond. Our family seeks out sushi as often as possible and this place was FANTASTIC! What makes this a favorite is the staff. Ask for Kory--he was a wizard with the kids and made them feel special. The sushi guys, Steve and Rodney, were great to talk with and the owner, Tanya, was a joy. Best meal in a long time and we eat out a lot. The kids are already begging to go back so we'll probably be hitting them up again.Nice sushi spot in the "warehouse district" as they like to call it here. Kind of hard to find, they need a sign thats easier to read. I was alone (loser) so I sat at the sushi bar. The sushi chef was very nice, suggesting having my sashimi made a certain way. When I declined, he still put some of the toppings he suggested on the side. The fish was all very fresh. The only reason I gave it four stars is because it was pretty pricey. $32 without tip for 11 pieces of sushi.As time has gone on i've gone more and more often to Rock N' Sake.  A large part of this having to do with the fact that there are more than a few sushi addicts in my office and we just happen to work a few blocks down.  We still mostly do take out, but that is solely based on the fact that some of our bosses are a bit strict on that half hour lunch break thing and i rarely have ever been able to get out of here in under an hour.  
the most glorious thing on the face of the planet, however, happens to be served up out of their sushi bar.  It's called the salmon zest roll.  I love this thing.   I'm addicted to it.  Seriously, i will now spend every day until Friday thinking about this roll and how much i love it and how tasty it is and how i would like just an entire boat of salmon zest roll in front of me RIGHT FREAKING NOW!  i have even created monsters here in my own office.  currently there are 4 of us ordering a roll a piece every friday, and it's expanding in numbers whenever one of us is feeling generous enough to allow some lesser being a taste of our salmon zest roll.  but only one, don't even think you're getting more than that.  i will chop your hand off!  WASSSAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!Very good place, nice staff and beautiful people all around. Food is amazing. We loved the pepper, eggs, tuna tacos, and garlic shrimp roll. Great presentation. Cocktails were good too, but not amazing as the food.ok first off.. service sucks. i get that its 9pm on friday but still. got lsu roll, warehouse roll, & salmon garlic roll. very good and fresh. this place is really loud with music pumpin. there was a large party in the back making a loud scene. i would come back.Drove a hour to come eat here for my Birthday. (Usually my favorite sushi spot) But the staff the past two times I've been here has been less than satisfying. They need a better door system. When we arrived there was only a few people waiting.. We were told it would be a short wait. After 20 or so minutes I sent my husband in to ask, and he was told 20-30 more minutes. We went wait inside afterwards and waited another 20-30 minutes. With no point in leaving after driving this far and already waiting... We continued to wait and we're finally seated at 11. After watching others being seated before hand the hostess seemed to know.. And we arrived at 9-9:10ish. Food was delicious as usual.. But I'll never come back. They need to get it together. No one likes bad service.Such a hip, fun place to hang out. I would definitely avoid coming here on Friday and Saturday nights with a big group! This place gets crowded-quick. If you do want to come in a big group (5+), you should call ahead and see if you can make a reservation. Sometimes they open a room next to the bar for more seating. This place also jams the music very, very loudly!!! Several times I have dined here and I feel as if the speakers are right next to my ears, it's so loud!! It's also only open for dinner except on Friday and closed on Tuesday.
As for the food, mostly everything is delish! I usually come for:
-Killer Scallops: buttery, heavenly, delicious scallops on a bed of lettuce with a yummy dressing! Although, lately I'm not sure if they changed the chefs or not because it's not as delicious as I remember it. Also, I usually order it with a bowl of chicken fried rice.
-LSU roll, one of my most favorite rolls anywhere!
-Calamari Crunch Roll: a really big roll!, requires a stretch of the mouth to fit it in!
-Hawaii 504 roll
-California Dream Roll: Wrapped with mangos!! Yummy! Wish there were more rolls with fruit on them, I'm a big fan! 
-Mochi: I usually order the strawberry mochi! omn nom nom i love me some mochi! 
A favorite sushi location in the big easy!By far my favorite sushi restaurant! I never realized how good the sushi was until I moved to Arizona and can't find fresh seafood like you get in New Orleans. On a recent trip back to New Orleans, the only place I wanted to go eat was Rock N Sake. It was a Wednesday night and we were fortunate there was not a wait. The Mt. Fujita roll with crawfish and avocado cream sauce was to die for. I would highly recommend this roll if you see it on the specialty menu.We waited for our server for 15 minutes. A female server came and got our drink order, but she ended up not being our server. Our male server came as the female server was placing our drinks down. He took our order and ran off no apologizes and no eye contact. Our appetizers came out quickly. The tuna ceviche was excellent. The clear soup was tasty.  We ordered 4 sushi rolls which took 40 minutes.  We decided to get the check and take the food to go. We had to flag down our waiter. Our drinks were not refilled until we decided to leave. The sushi rolls were mediocre. This place is over priced.Meh. Went here at 1:00pm for lunch. Service was good but the food, so-so. Teriyaki steak was raw on the inside (not rare but raw), chicken fried rice was not cooked to order so the chicken chunks were like jerkey and the rice just felt like it had been sitting around in a buffet tray for a few hours.  Tempura vegetables were cut so large that they were not cooked to the center and when you bit in to them, there was residue of tempura flour on the inside.  Tempura dip came in a bowl so small we had to ask to change it out. Sushi was average. Atmosphere was hip and fun so maybe this is a better place to just come for drinks.Four of us went to dinner. I was surprised because we were seated immediately. Usually, there is a wait. I guess we had good timing! Be prepared, it's really loud in this restaurant. It's part of it's vibe. Hence the name, Rock N Sake. The food was great. We got the beef and asparagus maki. That was yummy. I really like their teriyaki sauce. 2 of us had the steak entree. It comes with 3 sauces, Japanese chimichurri, teriyaki, and a creamy gorgonzola. They were all delicious. It came with 2 sides. I got the clear broth and the house salad with an amazing carrot mango dressing. We also had the tuna ceviche and the 5-0 roll. We enjoyed everything. Highly recommend!!For some reason, I haven't found a sushi restaurant that does crunchy rolls like they do in New Orleans. I couldn't find anyplace in LA that did it. Binghamton doesn't do it.  But at Rock-N-Sake, we got our crunchy roll fix. Those crunchy bits are just so darn tasty! 
It was great to eat something non-fried or not-cooked-in-butter. It's a pleasant walk from the French Quarter, which helps settle the full belly after the meal. 
Definitely geared for the younger crowd. It wouldn't be too hard to imagine late night sorority girls dancing on tables or frat guys doing keg stands in the corner. Ah college.......Love it. Great atmosphere, great drinks, great sushi and GREAT service. Sat at the sushi bar with a group of friends. Chef was amazing- we did shots and all w/o paying a penny.One of the best things about this place -- it's within walking distance for me! Score! But seriously, I can eat sushi any and everyday, several times a day, so that really is a big deal!
The vibe of this place is fun -- top 40 music over the speakers -- kind of close to eating sushi in a well lit club. I've read some reviews that have been critical of the loud, drunk, obnoxious people, so you have to understand the atmosphere you're getting yourself into. I, personally, think it's fun and good for people watching! As for the sushi, it's good, but not blow your mind good. Coming from LA, there's a gazillion good sushi places with super fresh fish, and Rock-n-Sake gets the job done, but kind of lacks a wow factor for me. However, as I have said, I love, love, love sushi -- even grocery store sushi!! Service is pretty good. It doesn't take too long if you're at a table and the sushi chefs are friendly and helpful if you're at the bar.I celebrated the birthday of my cousin on a Friday night in November 2011. 
The waitresses are very attractive but with typical pretentious American inflated-egos. 
The food was okay but somewhat expensive but that was known ahead of time. The food was pretty good quality but there is Good Time Sushi which is better priced and tastes the same located in my neighborhood.
I do not recall seeing any Hibachis within the restaurant. The bar appears to be popular as it was shoulder-to-shoulder. 
The interior is nice and this a nice spot for cool kids. I will return.
3 out of 5.This place is amazing! I love good sushi and this place did not disappoint it was fast, fun, and flavorful. We had kori as a server and he made the experience with his wit and charm.Young crowd and loud music. The warehousr roll and fried beef dumplings were very good. The price is pretty reasonable for the area.Very fresh fish and great sushi rice. What more can I ask for? Came here on a week night so there wasn't a line or any craziness that my fellow yelpers were experiencing. Really good yellowtail and salmon Sashi.mi
The salmon zest roll was awesome.Food was great, music was loud, just the way I like it. The wait wasn't very long either for a Saturday night.Worst Sushi Experience EVER.
We WON'T be back!
1 - Service? SLOW!!  The waitress was more interested in checking her nails and iPhone messages than doing her damn job. Seems this is a VERY common occurrence here. 
2 - Fresh? The Sushi and Sashimi was NOT at all fresh. The Tuna was clearly frozen more than once and had that freezer burn taste to it. The Salmon smelled old. When we sent it back, the "Chef" (I use that term VERY loosely here) refused to remake it and said that it was "just fine the way it was" and sent it back to our table. It wasn't fine. It was bad. 
3 - Parking? HA! That's a joke. Well, unless you like receiving parking tickets from the NOLA Meter Nazis. (Seems NOLA is FULL of these - C'mon Mitch, fix this problem!)
4 - Atmosphere? Not Good at all. Cramped location. Not very handicapped accessible in the least. WAY TOO Loud. The Rap Music was being blared over VERY crappy speakers and was SO loud that we couldn't hear each other speak even though we were only 2 feet away. 
5 - Clientèle? Mostly consists of trendy college frat types spending Mommy and Daddy's money. Seems more accustomed to being a Singles Bar than an actual Sushi Restaurant. This place is clearly not a restaurant to visit if you want a nice, quite meal, or if you have kids/grandparents in tow.
6 - Valet? Sure, if you don't mind Overpaying, then waiting around for 15+ minutes for the idiot to find your keys...
Note to the Management - If a customer has a complaint, you don't simply ignore it. You fix it. Or at least try too. Especially when the customer is being VERY nice, they are NOT screaming or complaining loudly, they are NOT causing a scene, and so forth. 
We were more than polite about it, and your waitress gave us serious attitude in return. Then having the Sushi "Chef" refuse to remake the bad food was the icing on the cake. Hence the reason we simply paid the bill, with NO tip mind you, and then left, never to return.
After reading the reviews about this place, I'm postulating that MOST of these reviews are either from former/current employees or are from friends of people who work/used to work there. Most seem to be a bit "canned" if you ask me.
If you want an HONEST opinion about this place (or any other place in the city), just ask me.Great place to eat! I had the triple-s roll. It's pretty big, so make sure you're hungry. The staff is really friendly and knowledgable. Will probably go back while I'm in town.