My wife and I came to Root on October 13, 2014. We ordered the Mexican Style Salchichas, Aloo Gobi, and Smoked Scallops. All were very tasty. 
Root has an excellent selection of charcuteries. We tried the Mexican Style Salchichas, they were decent but a bit bland. 
The Smoke Scalops are served in a Cohiba cigar box; the scallops were incredibly plump and tender - probably the best scallops I have ever had. 
By far the most incredible part of our meal was the Aloo Gobi. Without hesitation I highly recommend the Aloo Gobi!
Our wait staff team (Kevin and Chi?) were friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. The location was close to our hotel (Hilton Riverside) and the interior is remarkably excellent.
Interestingly, the soft drinks are about $4.00 and refills are full-price. Otherwise, Root has great bang for the buck - I will happily come back the next time I am in New Orleans.I realllllllllly wanted to love this place, but sadly I didn't. 
My gluttonous friends and I shared the sausage fest to begin our meal and a round of Pimm's Cups.  Then I had the Lobster Laksa and we finished by trying one of every dessert. 
The sausage fest was... ABSOLUTELY amazing. Delicious, fresh, all kinds of variety of meats. They also cutely packaged some house-made mustards in small squeeze bottles.  You should definitely get this if you are with a bunch of friends.
The entree and dessert was really where my gripe lay. The lobster laksa, which you would think would be amazing (amirite?) was GOD AWFUL. Like really, atrocious. As a lover of Singaporean food, I know laksa (and more importantly, good laksa) quite well. The soup of this dish was awful. It was more salty than anything I have ever tasted. So salty that it completely ruined the lobster tail by making it nearly inedible. I didn't eat anything besides the vegetables that were not bathing in the broth.
As for the desserts-- a little too strange and deconstructed for my taste. I think that Root was trying to be bold, and they certainly succeeded in that facet. However, the desserts were just too weird and not very good. They combined interesting ingredients but I just didn't think they came together right.
All in all, a really mediocre meal. Maybe I made the wrong choices though, as other peoples meals looked and tasted quite delicious.First time at this place, found a seat at the bar. Servers were very helpful, knowledgable, and friendly. I had their cheese plate with a few select meats and it was amazing!! Great place to stop in and socialize at the bar if you can find a seat. The owner was walking around and was very hospitable. Classy place and will definitely be returning on a regular basis.I was excited about Root -- I've been to a lot of the new American restaurants with a modernist approach in many cities, and usually I like the experience and the flavors. While I generally enjoyed the food I ate at Root, I left really disliking the whole modern trend, because some chefs are taking it too far and ruining the food.
Being our first time, we ordered a lot of the popular menu items, including the signature menage a fois and smoked scallops. Overall, the flavors were there and the dishes were good, but there were a couple of things I found to be ridiculous and disgusting:
Pop Rocks and Foie Gras: interesting party-in-your-mouth kind of treat, but it makes my tongue more confused & bewildered than delighted.
Smoked Scallops: Only OK, I wouldn't order it again, it just wasn't worth the $30+ dollars for 4 scallops. The duck, however, was wonderful.
Mint & Meyer Lemon dessert: Two of my favorite flavors! But ... wait, what!? Green food coloring? In the cake? And the ice cream? What the &$@*? I found no meyer lemon or mint flavors in this dish. My teeth were stained green. Absolutely distasteful and gross for a restaurant that is meant to be high caliber.Like an earlier review, the food was interesting. It had a very salty taste for me. I would have to say that due to the food selection, I would not be going back. Please note if the review was for service only, I would give it 5 stars. The service was great! Our waiter took time to explained everything to us and treated us like we were his only table. Unfortunately, the food you get for the price was not worth it. I had the duck which was reasonably price but was really tough.Came here after the Pretty Lights concert last weekend, everyone was a little buzzed and starving at 12:30am. I was not in the mood for Felipes or any fast food options so it was pretty incredible that this place is open for late night eats.  
We ordered several things but I only remember these dishes and they were delish! 
Grilled Compressed Watermelon Salad
"KFC" Korean Fried Chicken Wings
Chicharrones "2 Ways"
I will definitely return to dine here sober so I can better assess the food, but the sheer fact that they're open until 2 makes it a 5-star joint for me!I guess I get to be the one "evil" bad reviewer of this place but I like what I like and don't what I don't.  My father and I ate dinner at Root tonight and we both agree that "Hell no I won't eat here again!"  This was one of the all time worst meals I've ever had in New Orleans.  Maybe it was an off night or we ordered the worst things on the menu (as folks seem to rave about the scallops but my father is allergic to scallops).  The decor is not only atrocious and cheesy but would be much happier if it moved to some uber hipster skinny jean enclave of Austin or California and it just doesn't fit in NOLA and reminds me of Romper Room.  
They certainly use quality ingredients and they ruined them for our dinner!  The waiter had some amazing descriptions of the food that sounded fantastic so maybe everybody else was just hypnotized into thinking they were having food that tasted great but sadly for me it didn't work.  First up we had an amuse bouche of a radish and buttermilk "soup" that was... yawn... bland and flavorless.  I had the gulf fish and my father had the steak with both dishes being some of the most incredibly bland things I've ever tasted.  My father commented that it was the worst and most flavorless steak he had ever eaten!  The lamb pancetta appetizer we had was an utter waste of time while the LA pickled shrimp deviled eggs was just boiled shrimp with a slice of jalapeno on them with the deviled eggs on the side.  At least the shrimp had some flavor but the best item we ate all night were the french fries that came with the steak.  
This is definitely a restaurant and food for hipsters and it simply has no place in my life.  I can't even begin to remember the last time I had such bland and boring food in such an ugly setting.  I was expecting something different and exciting to zing my taste buds but instead I got complete bland blah!  I certainly trend towards the old school and traditional but I like Green Goddess, MiLa and lots of other "different" places but uhhh this place bored me.  This food is the antithesis of any type of food I like as I just plain think the food lacks the most vital element of flavor.
Part 2:
I went back to meet a group of friends that decided to try this place and I just drank beer while out of the other 5 people at my table (none of them hipsters) only one person really liked what they got with the rest reporting they just didn't think they would ever come back.  Hummm wish I could report something better but I guess this place works for some folks but not others.I first encounted Philip Lopez' divine cooking when he was featured at the Louisiana Cookin's 2011 Chefs to Watch awards dinner. Unfortunately, Root was not open at the time, so he fell off my radar until a friend mentioned a fabulous dinner he had recently had featuring foie gras with cotton candy and pop rocks, which Lopez had prepared for the awards dinner. There could not be two such chefs in New Orleans!!
I promptly scoped out Root (at the location where Feast used to be) and coerced a friend to join me. What a spectacular display of molecular gastronomy! The Compton Classic cocktail was a refreshing start--gin, citrus, and rosemary simple syrup, which was accompanied by an amuse bouche of sugar peas with horseradish gelee and some type of tomato foam. We started out with the CBD (chicken, beef, duck ) from the charcuterie board, which featured not just the meat, but a whole array of bits of tasty goodness, from crisps and housemade strawberry mustard in a little squeeze tube to pickled watermelon rind and pineapple. We also split the cornmeal crusted oysters with manchego foam, which were huge and juicy and perfectly prepared. I, of course, had to order the Menage a foie, three different morsels featuring foie gras, which tonight featured the unforgettable foielly pop, as well as some PB&J preparation which somehow combined fruit paste, gelee, and the foie gras with peanut and black bread toast in an amazingly delicate combination which still retained the essence of PB&J.  
We then had the lobster lasagna (huge chunks of lobster wrapped in fresh spinach pasta sheet with foam and corn nuts and bits of mushroom) and the famous chorizo smoked scallops in the cigar box. These were delicately cooked, faintly smoky, and nicely contrasted with the crispy carmelized cauliflower.
Of course we saved some of the main course to take home so that we had room to finish with the Yorkie--housemade cocoa puffs (literally coated with cocoa) in minted milk (with fresh bits of various mint greens), mint chocolate chip ice cream, and topped with a housemade peppermint patty. Seriously??  So beautiful and so tasty for anyone who likes cereal, chocolate, and/or mint.  I cannot wait to go back!We went here for dinner twice while we were at a convention.  The person who recommended it had also been there twice that week.  They handle food allergies better than any restaurant I've ever been to.  The cornbread crusted oysters were fantastic and their desserts a-m-a-z-i-n-g.  Definitely try the duck and the smoked scallops.  We did family style dining and ordered small plates and shared so that we could each try all of the amazing dishes.  Definitely must try this place.The food was way too salty. Everything my party of 5 ordered for dinner, minus the scallops, came out drenched in salt. I felt bad because I took my colleagues here for dinner which ended up being awful compared to GW Fins the night before. 
Thankfully the service was better and so were the cocktails (so at least that helped).Awful service! Can't rate the food as we walked out after 30 mins without any drinks yet served or order taken.  Waited 2 or 3 minutes to be acknowledged when we entered as the maître de, bartender and a waiter chatted at the bar, looked at us, and continued chatting. Took 15 minutes to get our waiter to come explain the menu. She then disappeared for another, well we don't know as we left after 15 more minutes. The restaurant was empty, only 2 other parties in the whole place.Expensive, innovative, chill.  
It was weird, we couldn't make a reservation for any time other than 6:45 or 8 even though the restaurant was really empty at that time (???).  We had 2 waitresses that took care of us. We really loved the heirloom tomato salad (yummy, can identify everything in it, easy to eat). The snapper appetizer was a little so-so... we didn't know it was going to be sashimi and there were all these blobs of white and green stuff, where we had no idea what it was. The wasabi blobs with the apple were good. And then it was confusing to try and deal with the seaweed... do you eat it with your hands or not? I wouldn't recommend that dish.
The duck was a pretty serious filling entree, very good though, and the veggies it came with (baby squashes etc) were tasty. The wild mushroom pasta was delicious and they made super filling nutty flavored pasta that was almost like more mushrooms. Cool! I wouldn't eat here every night but it's a good experience. It is a little pretentious and don't expect to understand what everything on the menu is. But in spite of the pretension you don't have to be super dressy or anything.First and foremost they get major points for being open so late. There aren't a ton of options with food in this class that stay open til 2am. 
My friend and I arrived around 1:30am, we didn't want to be "those people" so we asked the staff very intently if it was too late to dine. They insisted that we sit down where ever we like and enjoy a meal with them. Great attitudes are always worthy of a star in my book. 
They had a good looking wine and beer list, plus great cocktails to match. The decor was very earthy with lots of woodwork throughout. Makes for a comfortable and cozy dining experience. 
On to the food! We started with some Face Bacon and Duck Prosciutto. These two dishes were just as inspiring as they sound... the face bacon in particular really sticks out to me. The Sesame pork cheeks with pineapple and dumplings was a perfect balancing act of flavors, although I can see how some people might consider it a bit on the sweet side. We had the caramelized brussel sprouts which were good, but nothing exceptional in my eyes. We then had the smoked cornmeal encrusted oysters and the smoked cohiba scallops. The oysters were pretty good, the manchego foam is a great touch. The scallops were good, they were more novel than anything else in my opinion. 
The absolute favorite thing about this meal however has to be the Yorkie dessert. I am not sure that this has ever happened to me anywhere else, but this dessert completely outshines the whole meal. And that is saying something for such a good meal! The Yorkie has a Chocolate Covered Peppermint Pattie, Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream, and handmade Coco Puffs. It sounds like total munchie food, but it's really so much more. It's complex, it's well balanced, its absolutely Delicious. 
I will be returning here for some more late night yum soon.Root was recommended to us and I'm glad we chose to dine there. The food was excellent and the service outstanding. Great atmosphere! The location was a short walk from the convention center hotels which was very convenient!I don't give 5 star ratings as of late. I don't think I've found a place truly deserving of one in a long time. Root has made every case I can think of to break that trend. In my multiple visits I can't say I've been disappointed even slightly. With anything. One of my favorite places in NOLA by far. The long and short of it:
1. Scallops. There are 10,000 pictures of the cigar boxed scallops on here (mine is the best...... for some reason), and theres a reason for that. They are freaking fantastic. Cigar box presentation aside (which I love) they fall in the top 3 scallops I've ever had, and I loves me some scallops.
2. Meal Customization. This is the aspect that really blew me away. On 2 separate occasions I have dined here with vegetarians. Their veggie options are a bit lacking, but that didn't stop the chefs from going over the top to please their customer and crank out unique off menu veggie entrees. After the delicious meal, our waitress overheard my guest and I discussing our craving for gelato, so she asked the chef to make us some. Watermelon and jasmine gelato was had that night and I could not have been happier.
3. Aloo Gobi. If they have the aloo gobi on the menu, get it as an appatizer. It embodies everything that is right with Indian seasonings.
4. Atmosphere. It's classy but not snobbish. I wouldn't suggest casual attire but they won't throw you out should you choose to show up in jeans.
5. Wine. They have a pretty decent wine list, and the servers are great at suggesting pairings for your meal. Don't be afraid to ask!
6. Price. Its expensive, but well worth it in my opinion.
7. List of things you should be aware of:
    - One of the best date restaurants in the city
    - On weekend nights, you wont get in without a reservation
    -  Seriously, you have to try these scallops
This may be my favorite modern upscale restaurant in NOLA (its hard to compare with old flares like Clancy's and d'Arnauds). I've enjoyed this restaurant so much that I am actually considering giving them 5 stars. Oh, what the hell. 5 stars it is. Take it Root, you deserve it.
Overall Grade: A+I'm a little late in posting, but this was one of my bday stops and I was not disappointed. I was kind of expecting it to just be a trendy foodie joint, and not very good, but was pleasantly surprised. The place was comfortable and inviting. I asked for a recommendation on wine from the server, and it was excellent. The trio of foie was interesting(but tasty,) and visually stunning. The real kicker, however, were the wings that my date got. I don't like chicken and NEVER order it, but these smelled so good and my date was in such ecstasy that I had to try them. They were perfectly cooked and seasoned, and had this little layer of unctuousness under the skin. They are definitely something to go back for; which we plan to do soon. Just don't wear a blue plaid shirt like my companion did, or you'll end up looking like one of the wait staff :-)This is among the worst food in New Orleans, especially given the exorbitant price. Our waiter was completely absurd. He explained EVERY aspect of everything in minute detail, from the fact that I should plan to begin my meal with my fork (duh, as opposed to the knife?) to every ingredient, to his opinion of each item on the menu, to what item on the menu he thinks you should order, to what his girlfriend likes to order. The wine and cocktails (which are special in exactly ZERO ways) begin at $10-12/glass and the beer is also vastly overpriced. From the time of order, it took 1 hour and 15 minutes for our food to arrive. The chairs are uncomfortable,. The restaurant is near-empty. I made the mistake of ordering the "Korean Short Rib Clay Pot" (all 8 of their entrees have incredibly stupid non-descript names). It amounted to a weird bowl of rice, some rubbery vegetables that I had to chew at least 40 bites each to avoid choking (actually counted since I've never had to chew a vegetable to that degree), and the most disgusting chewy meat I've ever had. Was it beef? I think it was beef, but who knows. It had random weird bones in it. It was essentially a poor, rubbery, overcooked flank slab. It took 10-20 knife attempts to cut into reasonable sizes. Bites took 30-40 chews when cut into small sizes. Most of it I left on the plate.
I would rank this among the worst dining experiences in New Orleans (from a local), based on overall quality. Absolutely terrible. I will never go back, and if I hear of someone planning to go, I will tackle them and send them to Rouse's for a Hot Pocket, which would be almost as disgusting and 1/100th the price.This place can be great if they make some small changes or if you order the right things. The boards in the beginning are absolutely fantastic. However, all their dishes had too much salt and it was obvious. The whole fish was almost too salty to eat. The scallops were fabulous! However, it said it came with patatas bravas, but instead I was served soggy potatoes with no spice at all? The duck was also too salty but amazing at the same time. They should relax with the salt on the food!We have been to Root often.  It was one of our favorite places in town.  Dinner last weekend was a significant disappointment.  We always enjoyed expert service and the opportunity to "build" a meal course by course as an opportunity to try new things.  We were pressured--more than once-- to order everything at the beginning despite our request not to do so.  Charcuterie and sausage board was very good--but not exactly what we ordered.  We got some of the waitress' recommendations mixed in with our real choices.  A spanish tempranillo from the wine list was actually bottled and relabeled in California.  Our favorite entrée of scallops arrived cold and limp.  We sent them back, and they returned in two minutes having been microwaved into oblivion.  Couldn't risk a dessert order, so we paid our bill and found a nice bar. Doubt we will return, there are just too many other good places to spend our money.Excellent service. Amazing menu. Beautiful ambiance and fabulous cocktails.
The chef altered an item for me to make it vegan. Absolutely delicious! Highly recommend this restaurant. Tip: Make a reservation.how this restaurant got four beans from the t-p is beyond me.  perhaps they pulled out all the special stops for brett anderson.
granted, the food is good.  and interesting.  memorable?  in a trendy way, yes.  a gastronomical way?  no.
the main problem here?  well, there are two.
first the kitchen and bar are excruciatingly slow.  we arrived at 6:45 for our 7:15 reservation. there were 4 other tables.  our appetizers arrived at 7:50.  by 8:30, we didn't have our entree so asked for the bill, sans food that had not been delivered.  all that sat on our table between apps and dinner was water.  (the couple across from us waited 20 minutes for a requested second glass of wine--i know because the acoustics are so bad you could hear him.  the table behind us left after waiting for appetizers that never materialized).
now, our waiter explained that the lag time between ordering and actually seeing your food (if you have memory problems don't go here--you'll forget what you ordered before your food arrives!)...was due to the creative nature of the food.  well, ok.   if that's the case then tell folks that when they order or, better yet, when they sit down (you also might ask if a loved one knows where they are as they'll be gone for days before completing the meal).  
but the biggest problem?  the host or manager.  i've been eating out for, well, my entire life.  shrines and dives.  ritzy places and my neighborhood gas station (awesome fried chicken).  this guy?  when he found out that we wanted our bill and escape before hunger rendered us unconscious, he asked why.  i explained that his restaurant had the slowest service i'd ever experienced and that, approaching two hours, we didn't want to stay.  he took the bill and my credit card, disappeared behind a wall and returned 45 seconds later.  where he, i kid you not, flicked my card at me and said "we just want you to leave."
we did.
and went to mr b's.  where my dinner companion--the gm at a french quarter hotel--and michael, the bartender and, well, the entire bar crammed of happy patrons all agreed that that was, hands-down, the worse dinner experience in new orleans.  ever.We have had some of the most memorable dining experiences at Root. Not only is the food innovative and delicious, but the staff is knowledgeable, helpful, and so friendly. The atmosphere is relaxed and makes you feel like you can stay and hang out at the bar for hours (which we typically do...) It's one of the places I take people who want to experience true, talented cooking and everyone is always blown away!What a hidden gem. I can't believe it wasn't busier in there but I'm also glad. The drinks are super creative and the food it fresh, complex and perfectly presented.A very belated review from VDay 2013. What a cool, rare contemporary/experimental dining experience in New Orleans! 
Fois gras sampler, a chef's creation to demonstrate his molecular gastronomy techniques. The cotton ball and ice cream pearls were very cool! I can still taste the creamy foie gras with a hint of sweet on my tongue. mm
Drink and Entree - not so memorable
Mint pistachio dessert sampler- One of the best desserts I've had in all of New Orleans and New York combined! Light and not so sweet, infused with flavors beyond just sweet.
Kitchen is open late night, from 12:00-2:30 am there is a night-owl discount of 35%!Great food and service with surprising dishes for all. I had been meaning to try Root for a long time so we were excited to go for a meal and cocktails. The cheese and charcuterie menu looked good but we decided to go for appetizers and entrees with some cocktails. The cocktails were modified to our taste and we shared a fois gras app that was incredible accompanied by fluffy brioche. We also tried a shrimp nacho appetizer that was very well presented and smoky but not as good as the fois gras which was to die for. As main, I had the Chilean seabass with ghee and lentils that was delicious and lighter than I excepted, and my friends also enjoyed their dishes, the oxtail pasta and pork belly which was well balanced and sweet. We skipped desserts and instead tried the cotton candy fois gras lolypop with pop rocks. Fun, exciting and delicious.OH MY GOD YES EAT HERE!
Our party of 5 foodies ordered many cocktails and appetizers here. Everything was delicious and creative and amazing. We will be back the next time we're in new orleans!
I had no objections to the service; our waitstaff was charming, if casual. Ambiance and dress was relatively casual for their pricepoint and quality of food; a suit was not out of place, but neither were shorts and a T-shirt.Just a few more minutes.   
They should change the name of this place from ROOT to Just A Few More Minutes.  
Pros:
- Great spot in the warehouse district
- Really tasty food
Cons:
-Took 65 minutes from order to delivery of food for a group of six after 1pm 
- Uninspired wait staff that seemed more interested in projecting Hipster than hustling to prepare our lunch
- Seriously over priced even for the trendy warehouse district of NOLO. Our bill came to $165 for lunch with six guests.   They even treated themselves to a 20% gratuity that most definitely was not deserved.  
Just a few more minutes.......
Sadly, I wanted to enjoy this place.  It was a bit quirky looking and the reviews seemed to suggest that it was something special.  
Just a few more minutes....... 
If you are not interested in a 1.5 hour+ lunch, this place is not for you.   If you are not into hipster wait staff prancing around, this place is not for you.   If you are not interested in overpaying for food then this place is not for you.   With all the food options in the NOLO downtown/warehouse district this place just does not rise to the occasion.  
Just a few more minutes.......
The only possible reason I can find for the high ratings is that either my party of six was just not cool enough for this joint or the normal clientele is just into sub-par experiences.   What a waste of our time and money.   Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere for a good lunch spot.    
Just a few more minutes and you can be at a better place than Root.I have to admit I was a little skeptical at first. But the food was delicious and the service was good. Big portions too. The charcuterie board was full of tasty meats and sides.  It was a little confusing to order, but the waiter gave us descriptions of the various meats and sausages.  I also ordered the cheeseburger and it was really good. It had grilled onions on it and a good, smoky flavor. Altogether, it was too much food.  It's a little pricey, but it was worth it. It was a food adventure I'd recommendSome very unusual and innovative items on the menu.  Expertly served, presented, and absolutely delicious!  Who would have thought scallops prepared and served in a cigar box?  Incredible dish!  All incredibly different but not too far "Out there".
Service from all staff was attentive and efficient.  Never too much or too little.  Staff really "Gets it" and knows their stuff. Save room for desert.  You won't be disappointed. Five stars!  Originality, staff, delicious!Dinner was so amazing, we went back for lunch the next day.  Made a reservation through OpenTable, which the restaurant didn't have when we got there.  They graciously sat us within 10 minutes, even though it was a convention weekend and they were packed.  The cocktails were great, and the food was even better.  We had the Menage a Foie, which may be the best thing I've ever eaten, unless it was the charcuterie we ordered.  The CBD and Cochon de Lait Porchetta were excellent.  I just wish I'd had room for dessert.  Definitely coming back next time I'm in NOLA!If I were asked to describe my first visit to Root in one word I would say "Carlos."  If asked to describe my first visit to Root in two words I would say "Car. Los."  Seriously.  This guy is like the Director of Fun and Service on the Good Ship (Foie Gras) Lollipop.  Let me set the scene for you...
Phase 1, wherein you request Carlos as your server (I just happened to have Carlos appointed to me, but you must request this if you are to set sail on the Good Ship (Foie Gras) Lollipop).
Phase 2, wherein you peruse the cocktail menu and choose something on which to imbibe.  There are certainly larger and more creative cocktail menus at many restaurants in New Orleans, but the cocktail menu and liquor selection here will not disappoint.
Phase 3, wherein you receive your cocktail and Carlos reads aloud a great portion of the menu to you, highlighting with great vigor some of his favorites.  At this point you will be given a few moments to decide if you would like to feast on a Sausage Fest, nosh on a pressed watermelon and pimenton tuna salad or scrape the marrow from enormous roasted bones.  For my fine lady and me the choice is always a bunch of small plates, and Root has plenty.  A little rundown for you:
1)  Menage a foie:  foie gras "pastrami" with rye bread crouton, foie gras Dippin' Dots (that's right--Dippin' Dots) and the wonderful foie gras lollipop.  Nothing better than lovely piece of foie gras wearing a fuzzy little jacket of cotton candy, perched nicely atop a pointed stick.  
2)  Pressed watermelon and pimenton tuna salad.  
3)  Beef tendon.  Live life on a the edge for a bit and enjoy this somewhat sketchy sounding piece of deliciousness.  Tendon sounds pretty filthy, I know, but at Root it is sliced thin like deli meat and nearly melts in your mouth.  Carlos really loves the tendon.  Take his advice and eat the damn tendon!
4) Louisiana pickled shrimp.  Read about these on the menu.  Delicious!
Phase 4, wherein you wipe your mouth (hopefully with a napkin), sit back in complete satisfaction and begin thinking about what you'll order the next time you sail the high seas with Captain Carlos.  
Cheers!Very friendly wait staff. Stranger was a little spicy for me, but what a kick! Buttermilk wings were so good, I ate them before I could photograph. Morrocan lamb merquez was also good. No wait.I was quite daring to order the grilled duck heart salad, but I do not regret it at all. Beautiful presentation, great service, and charming atmosphere.Really a 3.5, but I'll round up since this was my first visit. If your into charcuterie, this a great place to try. See pic. You can create your c plate for 10.00 a meat choice. We let the chef choose. Was very good. Duck was excellent and my smoked scallops were cooked well. Serving in a cigar box was a bit kitschy. Our server knew his product and was enthusiastic about their establishment. We were disappointed with the deconstructed cheesecake.. Too "artistic" and not enough to let someone have a bite.Was a great meal. Service was a little funny and decor was a bit strange but no complaints about the meal. Good place to take people and nice menuAmazing food, I am not confident in what we ate, but it was amazing. We just ordered the Board and devoured it .Was excited to try Root. I won't be back again. There really wasn't any redeeming qualities. The greeter seemed bothered that we came in. It was over 10 minutes before our waiter came. Another few minutes just to get a glass of water. Another 10 before he came back to take our order. While we were eating our appetizers our food came out, they saw that we were eating still and turned around and put it back in the kitchen. We were done with our apps almost 10 more minutes before they brought out our food. They may have microwaved it to heat it back up because that chicken was the rubbery and dry. To close, they gave us a check for $100 more than what it should have been.(we eventually got the correct bill) I hate to write a bad review but we went there because of reading the great reviews about it and I hope my friends don't waste there time and money.CURED MEATS GALORE!!!!!  That's the best part about this place!  The two dishes I tried were good, but not show stoppers.  Granted I went for lunch and I see that the dinner menu has some things I'd love to try....next time :)  
But really, I could just go there and make a meal out of wine and meat.  Fantastic!A new twist on food.  Quaint place near the convention center.  They put a great flare on some foods and I can't wait to try something else.  I ordered a vegetarian dish called Aloa goobie (not sure of the spelling) and it was so delicious - spicy and tasteful without anyone flavor over powering the others.
One of my dinner companions had a pasta dish and he said it was really good.
If you are a meat and potato eater and like the ordinary, this place is not for you.  
Service is excellent.The drinks were great - I'll give them that - but everything else was mediocre, from the reservations on. 
We were a large group, at least a dozen, and the restaurant called the day before the reservation demanding a final head count because they were going to be so busy (off-season Wednesday night) and said they were going to charge a flat rate for every person who didn't show up. When we arrived the place was empty (maybe 2 tables with customers?) but we still had to wait at the bar for 30 minutes while they set us up. As noted, the drinks were awesome. 500 stars to the bartenders.
Appetizers were humorously named (face bacon, sausage fest) but flavors were flat and textures were generally unpleasant. 
Mains were hit and miss. Note to self: never order anything called a 'goat box' again. Chicken was undercooked. Scallops were rubbery. Way too much emphasis on clever presentation and not enough consideration for the people who are paying to eat here.
Pass.It's been one month since our New Orleans trip and I am still thinking of my dining experience at Root, (as it was more than just a dinner). 
We walked from our hotel (Ambassador) on a rainy night and were warmly welcomed by the hostess. (Reservations recommended) Our server was both charming and knowledgeable, guiding us to some great wine selections. 
The menu items are impressive! Think of food deconstructed, reinvented and beautifully plated. We started with the Compressed Watermelon Salad with avocado dip-in-dots (every bite was a celebration in the mouth). Next the Cohiba Smoked Scallops which came to the table smoking in a cigar box (amazing). Ending with the Moroccan Goat Boxes, (which were highly recommended by our server) and I'm glad I was open to the suggestion as everything on the plate complemented each other making for our very memorable, extraordinary dining experience.Came to Root for a couple of drinks only. The drinks did not disappoint. The menu has been recently updated by the bartender and he did a great job adding some kick to the drinks.Dinga dong ding!  Only 1 review for Root?  Well, allow me to add the second!
I ate here last night with a friend of mine for one of my birthday dinners.  It was my first time, and it was amazing.  I had the gulf fish and my friend had the scallops.  My fish was amazing and I sampled the scallops, and they were great too!  They came in a cigar box because they are "smoked".  How cute is that??
Also, for the appetizer, we got the Aloo Gabi which is basically grilled cauliflower and potatoes in a yummy sauce.  It was a little spicy, but I loved it.
For dessert we had the "Yorkie" which is a frozen york peppermint pattie served with mint ice ceream, coco puffs (yes, the cereal) and milk.  It was like a fancy pants breakfast and it was awesome.
My friend has already been here about 5 times since they have opened, and I can see why.  The food is amazing, the atmosphere is nice and the staff is great!
Oh, and they are open until 2am on Fridays and Saturdays, so if you are in the mood for some good food at a late hour, this is the place.I came here with three other people for a friend's birthday while here for a work conference. There were a ton of open tables but none were "available" due to reservations, so we did first-come, first-serve seating at the bar.
Throughout the whole dinner there continued to be plenty of tables open so it was a little annoying (considering we dropped almost $250) that they would not seat us at a table and instead we had to sit next to one another at the bar.
The little salad before the meal was almost a practical joke in terms of the size but at the same time whatever they drizzled over the top of it (I couldn't hear because I was 5 people away from the server as he announced what it was) was delicious.
I got the grilled chicken vermicelli noodle bowl. It was okay - I wouldn't say it was fantastic. The only "light" sauce provided was fish stock based and I do not eat seafood. I tried the pork cracklins and they bordered on stale.
Evidently the pork belly was delicious but I didn't try it, and the "Menage a Foie" was "interesting."
The cocktails were unique but over priced - and the atmosphere in general was a bit too pretentious for me.
But overall, the food wasn't awful so to be fair I can't give any less than three stars - for the whole table issue and the prices.The atmosphere was fun and def modern. We came in for happy hour and loved the music as well. The food was phenomenal. I had the Korean Short Rib Clay Pot: Jazzmen Rice, Fish Sauce Caramel, Kimchi, "6 Minute" Egg, Charred Scallions, Szechuan Beef Tendon. The Pork was delicate and full of flavor. We also ordered Cohiba Smoked Scallops, which were served in a cigar box. The scallops were cooked to perfection but the favors were a bit different. Overall, I love how creative this place gets with the food.I've been to Root 4 times now and each time it keeps wowing me. 
We went for a birthday celebration and ordered an array of food. Started off with the sausage fest, and what a festival it was! There was plenty of sausage and delicious fresh pickled veggies to go around. The sausages were each unique and very tasty, leaving us arguing which one was the best. Along with the sausage we ordered the Louisiana Pickled Shrimp. They were pretty tasty but there were only 3 eggs on the plate, and plenty of sausage which was unfortunate because the eggs were delicious! Filled with the normal deviled egg mixture but also a delicious mousse. 
For entrees we ordered the "KFC" Korean Fried Chicken Wings, which were fantastic, the Aloo Gobi, which had delicious flavors, Lacquered Pork Belly, which was very tasty but I would have wanted it a little crispier and the Vermicelli Rice Noodle Salad Bowl, which was delicious and one of my favorites. Each of these plates was perfect for sharing and having family style. 
Now if you like typical desserts this is not your place. Each dessert reminded me of a breakfast cereal that I grew up eating. The "ROOT Beer" Float had apple jacks, The Bergamont Bread Pudding reminded me of cinnamon toast crunch, the Sweet Corn Flan (no breakfast cereal but delicious and my favorite!) and finally the Yorkie which has cocoa puffs.  My only disagreement was that the caramel ice cream was too salty. 
I highly recommend you try this place if you haven't.Absolutely phenomenal. Literally everything we tried for dinner was either the greatest or close to greatest course we have ever had in New Orleans (and I'm a local!)
Only downside may be that the atmosphere is kind of odd. It is a nice restaurant trying to be laid back, with the garden chairs they have at Pinkberry juxtaposed with clean, streamlined white leather booths. The waiters all wear black converses. Interesting. Regardless, it is still warm and inviting.
We started with their Smoked Cornmeal Encrusted Louisiana Oysters --oh my word. This is all I can say. I can also say orgasm in the mouth, which may not even do it justice.
For our main courses, my friend got the Coriander Scented Grilled Gulf Fish which he loved and I got Cohiba Smoked Scallops. The scallops were cooked to the perfect texture and were seasoned so well. They came in a cigar box (gimmicky perhaps?), and they really were smoked with a very slight bitter flavor you might expect from the end of cigar. YUM I promise you.
Being the fat kid that I am, we had to get 2 desserts. My friend chose the Sweet Corn Caramel Flan Corn--meh. The flan was much to soft, not the custard texture I expect (and love). I got the Yorkie, and for all my fellow cereal lovers (I currently have a collection of 6 cereal boxes in my pantry--family size) you will LOVE this desert. Homemade coco puffs and a peppermint pattie? Yesh please. I am entering a blissful food coma just thinking about it.
Will definitely be back. Maybe today.Amazing! Had the smoked black bean pork belly, incredible flavor! 
In town for business, unsure of the area, but felt at home here. In no time, the bartender was pouring samples and providing great insight on gin and cocktails, awesome experience!I don't know which was better -- the food or the service; both were outstanding. My dining partner and I had dishes from every part of the menu and everything was delicious. The wine list was a nice treat, as well, in that it had bottles on it that I don't normally see.Upon planning my trip to the big easy, I received dozens of tips on restaurants from many friends. This was my third trip to New Orleans, yet there are so many restaurants I have yet to check out. So much to eat and never enough time.
Of the many suggestions I received, one stuck out. This was from Todd of Tasting Tampa. Todd told me we had to try Root and  my parents are still talking about their meal, one of the best we had in New Orleans.
Root - a restaurant located in the Warehouse District of Nola by Chef Phillip Lopez, who proudly offers modern American cuisine rooted in traditional flavors and techniques. You simply have no idea what this Chef is capable until you try it yourself. My parents mentioned several times that they didn't think Chef Lopez slept at night, that his mind must work 24-7 to have this amount of creativity and presentation. I agree.
Todd told me that we had to get two items off the menu - Face Bacon and Foie Gras three ways.
First, the Face Bacon, something I purposely didn't google prior to eating. It was very smokey, tender and delicious. I still haven't googled it but it was seriously good.....
Second - the Foie Gras three way.
In this trio, we had Foie Gras dippin dots with a coconut consommé. Words cannot express this dish. Gabe and I were spoon fighting over it. It plays tricks on your mind - especially if you grew up on Dippin Dots.You expect a cold sweet treat yet you get a very rich and savory bite that melts in your mouth. Amazing (I can technically say Amazeballs here).
Next up is the Foie Gras Cotton Candy with strawberry pop rocks in the middle. When I tell you this is the best thing I have ever ate, in my life - I am not joking. It was so buttery, rich, decadent and light! Perfection in a bite.
My father ordered the Louisiana Pickled Shrimp Shrimp Stuffed Deviled Eggs, Truffled Egg Yolk Mousse. If you know me, you know that I am not big on truffle, so the mousse was hard for me but the shrimp was delicious and overall, a very beautiful presentation.
Moving to the the entree's, Gabe didn't get passed line one on the menu - the Smoked Veal Pastrami Sandwich (Marbled Rye, Fennel Choucroute, Gruyère, Pickled Rutabaga Rémoulade). In his words, the best thing he has ever ate in his entire life. The best sandwich he has ever had in his life. The best pastrami he has ever had in his life - ok you get it. The boy loved this!
 My Mom ordered the Louisiana Oyster Pó Boy (Cornmeal Encrusted Oysters, Bread & Butter Pickles, Smoked Tomato Buttermilk, Bitter Greens) which was also delicious. Yet three days later, she was still talking about Root's homemade ketchup. Root makes everything from scratch and this ketchup was no joke. PS Root, if you read this, please let me know if I can order some of your house-made ketchup, I would receive worlds #1 daughter award - thanks!
Now it's my turn - I went to New Orleans and ordered a Banh Mi. Yeah, it is safe to say I have an addiction to Vietnamese cuisine. I couldn't help it though....it had the delicious Face Bacon we feasted on earlier which Chef turned into a jam! Vietnamese Bánh Mì (Jambon Persillé, Chicken Liver Pâté, "Face" Bacon Jam, Pâté de Campagne, Kewpie Mayonnaise, Fresh Herbs). Boys and Girls, this is unlike any Banh Mi you have ever had. YUM.
Onto dessert..............
Only a Chef as talented as Phillip Lopez could concoct this...adult coco crisps, technically known as the  Yorkie (Chocolate Covered Peppermint Pattie, Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream, Coco Puffs, Minted Milk). It was truly delicious and I ate myself into a coma.
Also presented and well received Indian Falooda  - the most beautiful Falooda I have ever layed eyes upon in my life (Louisiana Citrus, Rehydrated Basil Seeds, Blueberry "Vermicelli", Meyer Lemon Thyme Sorbet, Moroccan Coconut Milk). It was so light and flavorful - a perfect ending to a perfect meal.
So do yourself a favor. If you are in New Orleans and want to have an out of this world meal, go to Root.  Don't give it a second thought, just go. You and your taste buds will thank me later.Very nice, killer scallops and chorizo apps. Excellent menu, great experienceDO NOT GO HERE if you want standard New Orleans fare (standard anything for that matter)
Unequivocally one of the best dining experiences in New Orleans. The food is innovative, light-hearted, delectable.  But it's not just about the food.  The atmosphere is casual, the service is attentive, and the cocktails, genius. What I had
To eat:
Apple and Radish Salad
Blanquette de Veau (a play on the French classic)
Sweet Corn Caramel Flan
To drink:
Horse Whisperer (House-infused Carrot Vodka, House-made Allspice Simple Syrup, Ginger Ale, Devil's Salt)
Mule Tender (Pearl Cucumber Vodka, House-made Jalapeño & Lime Simple Syrup, Ginger Ale)
SauternesRoot NOLA is an unexpected but delicious find in the CBD area of New Orleans. Chef Phillip Lopez is as creative as he is passionate, coming up with techniques, pairings, and dishes most people would never dream of.
Our table tried the Lamb Sausage beginner, their term for appetizer, and it blew our minds. The pairing of delicious and spicy lamb with tangy strawberry mustard and assorted pickled delights entranced our tastebuds and left us craving more.
Another table favorite were the cornmeal encrusted oysters served in a smoky Cohiba box. The presentation was perfection; when the waiter opens the box upon arrival at the table, the smoke pours out enveloping you with the delicious scents of the fried oysters. The manchego foam on top was an excellent addition to a perfect dish.
As evidenced by the lack of crumbs on each of our party's plates, all the dishes were amazing. I would definitely recommend Root to anyone looking for an exciting and delicious evening.
PS The waitstaff and bartenders are cute too, which definitely help the ambiance.We stopped by here for happy hour one night.  They have awesome craft cocktails on their happy hour, and one option is to allow the bartender to make you something with whatever alcohol you tell him to make it with.  After I told him that I wanted something with vodka, he made me a smooth vodka cocktail that was strong yet refreshing with lime.  It was really nice.  They also have a charcuterie plate on their happy hour for 15 dollars, which is a good deal, especially after having seen the dinner menu.  The bartender informed us that the happy hour charcuterie is comprised of whatever the chef decides to put on, but all of it will be artisan cured meats.  When the plate came out, there were three different meats with fruits and pastes to go with, as well as rustic bread slices.  We liked most of the meats, but there was one that was basically bacon fat that ended up being the only thing left on the plate.  Overall, this  is a nice restaurant with high-end food and creative libations.Saturday May 9, 8:30pm reservation
We arrived just after 8, and were able to be seated immediately even though our reservation was not until 8:30.
Servers:  Both were attentive as needed but did not hover, allowing us to enjoy out meal and each others company.  They knew the food and were able to answer all questions we had about ingredients.
Drinks:
Reasonably Corrupt Black Lager by Great Raft (Craig)
Havana Tradicion Rioja, Spain 2012 (Judy)
The taste I had of Craig's beet was nice.  I loved my red wine.  Easy drinking with a nice flavor.  It complimented the beet salad and was good with my entree as well.
Salads:
Roasted Beet Salad - Honey compressed beets, bacon vinaigrette, sunflower seed puree, beet chips, sweet potato hay, bleu cheese
Crispy Pig Ear & Warm Giardiniere Salad - Black brioche, charred brussels sprouts, shaved pecorino, green peppercorn anchovy dressing
Although both salads were good, Craig​ and I both agreed that the beet salad was the superior salad.  It had a wonderful flavor and the crispy strands of sweet potato added a nice texture to the salad.  The pig ear was crispy, but there was so much of it compared to the rest of the plate it was a bit overwhelming.  I would have liked the see more of the brussels sprouts mixed in.
Entrees:
Black Laquered Duck (Craig) - Wild mushrooms, snap beans, rutabaga sardalaise, pickled red pearl onions, pan jus
Cohiba Smoked Scallops (Judy) - Chorizo dust, caramelized cauliflower, pimenton patatas bravas, black garlic fennel choucroute
Craig's duck was tender and not fatty as I usually find duck to be.  It had a very nice flavor.  The scallops were brought out in a closed cigar box, opened upon serving.  The 4 scallops inside were huge.  I cut one into quarters and ended up dividing each of those again to eat.  The chorizo dust really brought out the flavor of the dish.  Best scallops I have ever had.  The cauliflower and potato were also very good.  
Desserts:
Coffee & Cardamom (Craig) - Whipped dark chocolate, caramel kettle corn, espresso genoise, corn pops ice cream, cardamom gelee
Strawberry Lime Cheesecake (Judy) - Graham cracker presse, agave lime strawberries, citrus confit, frozen mezcalrita
Rather than serving a heavy chunk of dessert on a plate these were beautifully presented.  The coffee & cardamon was artfully created in a zigzag across the plate, while the cheesecake was arranged in small pieces in a half circle.  Craig's was delightfully chocolaty with the interesting crunch factor added by the popcorn.  The drunken tart strawberries with the crunchy graham cracker bits was wonderful with the cheesecake.
All in all a wonderful meal.Visited this place touted as one of the more interesting restaurants in NOLA, working with molecular gastronomy ideas, but found it disappointing. 
-Tried the 'menage a foie' which was beautiful in conception and visual appeal but the flavors and textures didn't do well together - it was actually a little nauseating.
-Aloo Gobi: probably the best thing of those ordered, because I happen to like tumeric and the vegetables were done well but after awhile, it was just like, vegetables with turmeric sauce, not alot of other flavor notes
-Ribeye? Kind of a fatty rendition with a whole lot of oily/saucy vegetables piled on top
-Fatty Pork Bibimbap (rice bowl) - there were some items of interest in the bowl, but it was so rich that I ended up gravitating towards the rice at the bottom of the bowl.
I don't know what the origin of the name Root is but there were few 'roots' or vegetables encountered here. There were no green vegetable side dishes or entrees here; but there was an extensive Charcuterie menu to start; kind of unbalanced in conception.
Plus, we were pleased to see some of our favorite wines here but disgusted at the high mark-up compared to restaurants even in NYC where we are from.Don't bring your own wine...the corking fee is an unacceptable $25!
For appetizers, I've had the ménage a foie, crispy pig ear and charred Brussels sprout salad, and a couple of the grand charcuterie boards. The ménage was a bit disappointing, as the three preparations overshadowed the delicate, yet rich, flavor of foie gras. They were creative, yes, but at the expense of the star ingredient.
Prior to dining at Root, I had not tasted pig ear...My childhood pets would be jealous. Salad is boring, but Root brought it to new heights, with ingredients forming a gestalt on the fork.
The charcuterie platter is a cook's dream, but so I don't forget...the house-made pickles on the board are the best I have ever had, the flavors going way beyond salty and vinegar-y. Three cheers for organs! Beginning with the chicken liver parfait, I was greatly satisfied by the fact that the "truffle-scented" description was not a lie. The undeniable and unsubstitutable aroma-more-than-flavor hovered like fog on a mountain road over each bit of smooth and unctuous parfait. It paired perfectly with the accompanying rolls, which were firm but low-gluten, so they disintegrated in your mouth, just like the parfait! 
The CBD: combining multiple meats, and their fats, grinding some to fill the other, and poaching to preserve every molecule of flavor and moisture is culinary engineering at its finest. I cannot hold out on talking about the lamb pancetta anymore. Let's face it...Lamb' prestige is largely due to its fat. Sliced thinly, a salty cross-section of lamb belly melts on the tongue instantly, spilling over and tantalizing every taste bud.
Headcheese is genius, both in name and preparation. Harvesting a hog's head of its goodies would otherwise be tedious beyond comprehension. Instead, every morsel releases from its carrier, and after the cooking liquid is chilled, it sets solid, the matrix now suspending all forms of pork face meat. Root's version was authentic, to be sure. The meat was copious, the gelatin mouth-watering, and I found a small tusk in one bite. My dining partner was understandably disgusted at the tiny, plaque-covered tusk. I chalked it up to a job well-done!
For entrees, the lamb loin was not overwhelming, considering the bar Root set for itself in prior courses. It was chewy, and chewy lamb is not appetizing. The duck, however, was superb. In fact, I was reminded of it when I later had the duck wings, similarly prepared at Emeril's. The skin at Root was not quite as crisp, but the flavor in the glaze was more complex. Atop moist, salty, medium-cooked meat, it is memorable among every duck dish I have ordered. Pappardelle is my favorite pasta. Root cooked it perfectly. Bolognese might be the richest, heaviest, and most concentrated style of tomato sauce. Wait! I take that back. Ragout has it beat, but only slightly. Root's was a vegetarian version. Unless it's a classic dish, defined to be vegetarian, I hold a presumption against enjoying any dish being enhanced by making it vegetarian. That said, Root overcame its burden of persuasion, and I would gladly order it again...with a side of black-lacquered duck. The smoked scallops, presented in a cigar box, was pretty cool. However, scallops, like other bivalves, rely on their essential juices to provide flavor. Overcook them, and you are left with rubber stoppers, ready to plug rum bottles. Root did not overcook the scallops, but smoking naturally desiccates foods, hence it is one of the oldest food preservation methods on earth. The flavor was still there, but I was unwilling to free it by steeping each bite in my mouth to reconstitute it.
The "endings" at Root were disappointing. We had the olive oil cake, which came with buttermilk ice cream, and some flavorings, like green olive. The cake was dry, which is actually difficult to do when oil is the chosen fat. Kudos to Root! Buttermilk ice cream sounds like a good idea, but it's not! Buttermilk is nearly fat free, so when it freezes, not only are the ice crystals bigger (leading to a grittier texture), the finished product melts at an alarming rate, leaving no finish.
We also ordered chocolate chunk ice cream and Halloween candy ice cream. In its desserts, Root relied on distracting creativity to compensate for lacking quality in the fundamentals. The chocolate ice cream was not chocolate-y. Ignoring my bizarre affliction, which causes me to sneeze whenever I eat really rich chocolate, this had the richness of chocolate soft-serve. Likewise, the little bits of broken up candy bars rode on vanilla ice cream that was not vanilla-y. Shoot for perfect execution of the basics before you start dusting your desserts with olives.
Root is a wonderful place. I have returned, and I will return. It is possible to have a 5-star meal there, but only after wading through the aspects that do not deserve five stars. In my continuing altruism, I provide this map to help you navigate your way to and through a perfect dinner.Gorgeous surroundings and a delicious exotic menu. The only bad part was trying to decide what to try, I wanted to taste it all!Their menu is seasonal which is really nice. The ambiance of the restaurant was really pretty. Felt like I was taking a fancy picnic under the trees. My boyfriend and I order a sausage plate. It consist of chorizo and Filipino sausages. The plate itself was gorgeous. I enjoyed the Filipino sausage the most but my only complaint of the sausage that it was too salty. So I had to eat it with the pickled vegetables. The pickled mushrooms was very good. For appetizers we order the foie gras lollipop and this shrimp dish I forgot what it was called but our server recommended it. The lollipop was good. I liked the fact it was foie gras cotton candy and it had pop rocks so it was fun it eat. The shrimp app. Was not so great. I didn't enjoy the onion ash neither the shrimp. It was overcooked. I took a bite and told them to take it away. My favorite was our scallop entree with parsnip. The scallops were cooked perfectly and the roasted parsnips was delicious. At the end they gave us apple and serrel sorbet? It tasted like apple grass. Sounds weird but it was very yummy. Overall this restaurant was ok/good. I would give this place another try during a different seasonI love New Orleans. I visited Tulane during my search for colleges and was devastated when Katrina hit the city only weeks later. When the scholarship money failed to flow during the city's reconstruction, I went elsewhere and pined for the day I would be able to return. During that fateful trip, though, I feel like I got through the typical things-- Acme Oyster House, Central Grocery, and, of course, a rich, rich, classically decadent meal at K-Paul's. So upon my return to the Crescent City, I wanted to try something different. Enter Root.
When you're going to splurge, splurge hard. 
I met up with a couple of friends from college and entered Root, quiet early on a Saturday night. We parked less than a block away, catty-corner from the restaurant, and strolled in. Handed menus, we giggled with glee and decided to go all-out.
We began with pickled Louisiana shrimp and deviled eggs. The former were exquisite-- plump, sweet, and slightly briny-- topped with chives and bits of pickled jalapeno for the gentlest of heat. The deviled eggs? I'm only growing into a love of hard-boiled eggs (I've always loved them in all other iterations, okay?) but these were delicious and mild, with a creamy, slightly tangy with mustard and a light homemade mayo filling.
Continuing with the appetizers, we ordered the andouille spoon bread topped with fried oysters. As a lover of anything involving cornmeal, I was thrilled with the spoon bread, sweet, soft, and filled with flavorful flecks of that local smoky sausage delicacy. The fried oysters were covered in the perfect amount of breading, tasted surprisingly light, and were the best rendition of the local favorite I had during my entire trip, although their crispiness suffered slightly for being atop the wet spoon bread.
Following this, salad and sausage arrived. The sausage was of a slightly sweet, gently spicy and salty Portuguese variety. Served on a cutting board with homemade crisped lavash, a savory chocolate condiment, abundant piles of Korean pickled vegetables, and home-prepared mustard in a tiny tube, the presentation was gorgeous and delicious.  The salad that arrived at the same time acted as a perfect foil, light with microgreens, berries, and roasted beets but beefed up with crispy bits of face bacon, gorgonzola, and a rich balsamic.
Yeah, we got entrees too. All of us got the Cohiba smoked scallops, unable to resist the gorgeous presentation and tantalizing-sounding description. Maybe I'm just an ignor'nt Midwesterner who's had too little seafood in her life, too poorly prepared (sigh!), but these scallops were the most divine preparation of 'em I've had. Lightly smoky and seared to caramelization on both sides, they were mild and creamy with a slight kick from the chorizo dust-- whatever that is. The roasted vegetables held their shape but were delightfully soft, decadent, and had equally impressive caramelization. Cauliflower, a favorite of mine, was transformed and perfectly complimented the melt-in-your-mouth sweet onions. Our entrees were accompanied by brussels sprouts which, while good, still have the pants beaten offa 'em by Cochon Butcher's.
As we were handed the dessert menus, we cringed. We were all so full but willpower was not winning out. We opted for the Yorkie, two homemade peppermint patties atop cocoa puffs and ribbons of mint, all topped in a peppermint infused milk. Refreshingly cool perfection.
From the delightful, creative cocktails to the fantastic twists on local favorites, you can't go wrong here. Service is on-point, with servers that are polite but still informal and un-stuffy enough to make recommendations and converse with the table. Ambiance is cool, trendy, and doesn't feel pretentious or fussy like some of the older establishments in town. Totally a highlight of my trip and a great locale to catch up with foodie friends over extraordinary dishes, I can't wait to visit again and send vacationing friends too.Food here was interesting, but the tastes just didn't work perfectly for my table. Everything felt a bit sweet, while we all wanted a bit more spice. Not a terrible meal, it was more interesting than amazing foodwise. 
Service was top notch and the atmosphere at the restaurant was quite good. However, based on the reviews from the local papers I was ready for my tastebuds to be wowed.Ok so I need to say that I'm writing this review bc of the foie trio and the charcuterie board. The foie trio was one of the most exciting and delicious dishes I have ever had period. On par with and reminiscent of dishes I've had from minibar, WD~50, Joel Robuchon, and a fabulous dish I had a few years ago at Stella. The entire time I consumed the dish I seriously "said" Mmmmm about every five seconds. Seriously. So. Good. 
Now for the meat selection. It's super effing good. The parfait madness and the CBD (a ballotine) as they call it rocked my socks. We mixed it up and added a few of the house made sausages to the board as well. Everything was very good. 
The service was incredibly friendly.  Although I didn't find myself loving the desserts I really didn't care. As I said before the trio blew my mind...and yeah the meats, they kill it too.Exquisite food and atmosphere. Great interesting twists on food with great vibe. Beautifully presented food and well made drinks. Can't get enough of this place only wish I was in NOLA longer to work my way thru the entire menu. 
You must eat here if in NOLA.This place is adorbs. It made me miss all the farm-to-table places back in NYC. Cocktails are tasty and the amount of charcuterie is out of this world. Their famous scallops-in-a-cigar-box was a little hokey for me, but they cooked the scallops perfectly. The duck dish was so damn salty, it was inedible (and I like LOTS of salt). I would have sent it back, but I was on a first date and the other party was paying.  Portions are huge, except the desserts are really tiny. Our waiter had so much knowledge on the dishes, ingredients and techniques.Good food but over rated.  Everyone raves about the scallops but it was my least favorite at the table.  Only 4 scallops too!  
Definitely stay away from the cocktails if you like something strong or something with bite.  Most all of them are weak and not very much flavor.  Stick to the wine.
Deserts are odd.  Good but odd.  Won't satisfy your sweet tooth but maybe your curiosity for trying new things.
Sounds like I am ripping the place apart.  It is a good place.  I am glad I went, the food was good but I probably won't go back.I was in town for work and heard about this from, of all places, a guy at the Apple store. My co-worker and I decided to give the friend food a rest and try Root. We are so glad we did!
We showed up with no reservation, but the hostess was very nice and seated us quickly. The restaurant is very tastefully decorated and the perfect size for a relaxing dinner. I am a fan of weird and crazy food, so the menu was my dream come true. There were so many choice with odd combinations, I had a really hard time not ordering everything off of the menu. We decided on the Aloo Gobi, Pickled shrimp devil eggs, Szechuan beef tendon and the root vegetable salad. 
All the dishes were absolutely spot on. The Aloo Gobi had a nice smokey favor, which I never tasted in other aloo gobi dishes. The Louisiana pickled shrimp was equally amazing, flavorful yet light and fresh. Hands down, the Szechuan beef tendon was my all time favorite. Growing up in a Chinese household, I am familiar with marinated beef tendon, fried tofu, and I am a huge fan of brussels sprouts. I never imagined combining all of these ingredients together. The combination of the three textures and flavors was outstanding and very innovative. 
No matter how good the food is, the service can really ruin a dining experience. Root has some of the best service I have experienced. Our waiters were friendly, funny, informative and attentive. We were never rushed or pressured into ordering anything. It was the perfect evening to end a stressful work week. 
I wish I could wrap Root up and take it back to LA with me. However, I think part of its charm is its friendly New Orleans staff. If this was in LA, I would probably be kissing up to some 20 something actor wanna be, looking to hand out his headshot.Really great duck.  Done with a nice modern glaze but a real half duck cooked properly!    Moist but cooked through!I must recognize a restaurant down the block from where I live for its unique appeal. We have been to Root twice and each time have thoroughly enjoyed our meal. Every dish features fresh ingredients and unusual taste combinations...that really work!
I am a big fan of small plates on menus, so each time I've ordered the Aloo Gobi. The pickled shrimp was excellent as was the Heirloom tomato salad. Tonight my husband had the whole roasted fish, a European version of sea bass called Branzino. It was cooked to perfection.
The staff is friendly, helpful, and obviously take pride in the chef's vision. Ask for the waiter named Rye. He waited on us both times and is excellent.
Why did I only give it 4 stars? It can be on the pricey side. I ordered a club soda on the first visit and it was $3. I also have a beef about restaurants who try from the beginning to upsell with the question "bottled water or tap water?" There's got to be a better, less snobby way to broach the question.
Anyway, thanks Root, it's good to have you in the neighborhood.Haven't even had dessert and had to write this. Best meal (beats Jaques-Imo's)!! Had face bacon to start ( wow!!!! ) and then had the pig ear and Brussels sprout salad! For dinner had the scallops in a cigar box. Can we say this was an amazing meal! Don't skip eating here.In NO for only a couple of days, I happened by the ROOT corner on a walk, and was dismayed to see no free spots to eat at the bar. When I looked at the Yelp comments, I understood that my assessment might be right. Lucked out on reservs for the next day. With dinner partner, started with phenomenal cocktails from the bar, followed by an elegant charcuterie plate. Thought I would have to get a defibrillator for dinner partner, who was swooning over the terrine and the longaniza. The eggplant pickles were delightful. Dined on smoky molasses rubbed duck in total silence.  Desserts divine.  Unlike some yelpers experiences, our waitstaff was competent, friendly and professionally quiet yet attentive.  4 of 5 stars only because I'm not yet dead and one day there'll be that untoppable place......Tops in New Orleans!
You will have to travel to New York city to find anything close to this one. Simply amazing.The wings are amazing. A must have in my opinion. I was closing my eyes and making sounds as I ate them...wing heaven. Also had the manage a foie...looked great but wasn't my thing taste wise...my girlfriend liked it though.I took a quick weekend trip home last weekend from Atlanta and visited Root at the suggestion of my sister. The decor was decidedly not New Orleans-- very loft-y and rustic feeling with a touch of modern. 
We had about 5 or 6 waiters throughout the dinner, which I appreciate. One guy would pour broth or milk or sauce on various dishes, one guy would explain the entrees, one guy was hired on the merit of his amazing mustache... you get the gist.
The cocktails were fine, but nothing to write home about. I can name about 10 different places in Atlanta that have a far more innovative and extensive cocktail menu. But, then again, I'm a major stickler for cocktails. If I pay $12 for a cocktail and I immediately am able to figure out how they made it, you've lost me. Also, I expect a lot as far as alcohol goes from my fun-loving, debaucherous hometown. I had the Strawberry Gunsmoke, which would have intrigued me if I could taste a little more of the smoke essence. It honestly tasted like syrup-y bourbon with a little strawberry juice. Not all that impressive.
Now let's get to the FOOD, which turned the 3 star cocktails into a 5 star meal. This place does molecular gastronomy. You won't find that in anyone else's kitchen in the South except Richard Blais, who really doesn't put as much of it on his menu as you might expect. When I see avocado frozen into "dippin' dots" or foie gras made into cotton candy, I squeal with delight. Many of the items had an air of whimsy-- based on childhood favorites-- and I love that in a meal. 
Our table shared all of our dishes, starting with the grilled compressed watermelon salad. This dish packed so much flavor, my palate got a little tripped out on it. Beautifully cooked sashimi tuna with avocado dippin' dots, compressed cubes of flavorful goat feta, with some microgreens and dressing. Yum!
Then we had the "Menage a Foie." It was a totally bewitching selection of foie gras, including a lollipop with a buttery foie center, covered in foie pop rocks, covered in foie cotton candy. Complete wizardry. 
For entrees, the lacquered pork belly and coriander-scented gulf fish did not disappoint.
Dessert might have been the best part of all. At one point, my friend said, "I need to meet the chef because I'm pretty sure Jesus just made my "Root Beer" Float." All I had to say to my Yorkie was, "Um.. sex butter." So, so, so delicious.
Can't wait to go back next time I'm in town!Root is a really fun, inventive, innovative restaurant and I urge you to go there with an open-mind and an adventurous spirit. The service was excellent and really well-informed, with a real zeal to share knowledge of the food and its preparation. My had a cocktail to start that she said was one of the tastiest she has ever had.  It was called The Stranger and included Blanco Tequila, Lime, Agave Nectar, Cilantro and Sriracha sauce.
The waiter's (Gene) descriptions of menu items were enthusiastic, thorough and really helped explain the dish as food and an art form.  We started with the Truffle Scented Chicken Liver Parfait and another selection on the Charcuterie board with the suggestion of the waiter.  We also ordered the chicken wings which were excellent.  The waiter suggested that we spread some of the pate on the wings and while I was hesitant at first, it made for a highly memorable experience.  The Truffle Scented Chicken Liver Parfait virtually melted on the wings.  This was almost a meal in itself.  Yummm.   I had the Cohiba scallops in the cigar box... I loved the presentation, although I thought the scallops themselves were a bit bland.  I thought the chorizo dusting would give them more of a kick.  My wife had the lacquered duck and it was outstanding.  Tasty and cooked perfectly.    We were so full from out meal that we didn't have dessert, although the waiter's description of the Ménage à Foie, which included a Pate lollipop and pate dip 'n dots had us so intrigued that we came back the next night and ordered it as an appetizer before heading for dinner at another restaurant.
I highly recommend Root for a night of adventure and discovery.Yes, reminiscent of the kind of restaurants we miss from Los Angeles: smaller plates of delectables inspired by love of food and creativity.  Come to Root to explore your palate.  Prices are a bit higher, but the artistry of flavors, textures and presentation is worth it.If you are interested in the most progressive and imaginative restaurant in New Orleans, you need to give ROOT a try.  The menu offers a wide range of interesting dishes ranging from the traditional Indian dish Aloo Gobi done in a very unique way to Cohiba Smoked Scallops. House made charcuterie and sausage offerings are top notch, and the desserts are an absolute must every visit (the best flan preparation you will ever have).  Enter with an open mind and you will leave blown away.  Wine, Beer, and Cocktail list are expansive and well thought out.I love love love this place. The menu knowledge is incredible. The staff is very efficient and are there for you when you get confused with the menu because odds are you will. The menu is full of unique ingredients that are paired together that you wouldn't normally expect. The menu changes which I like because I like variety. Basically is place is awesome and I recommend it for people who are a foodie like meThis place is hip, fresh, has great service and phenomenal food. Our dinner was the best!! Definitely  for foodies. You must try this place!!!Wow this place is amazing! We came on a Sunday night and they weren't too busy, probably didn't need to make a reservation. The inside is chic and comfortable. We were quickly greeted by our server who was so friendly and accommodating. He was so enthusiastic and knew the menu very well and had awesome suggestions, definitely made the dining experience much more memorable! 
We got drinks to starts which I forgot the names of but were both delicious. We started off with pig face bacon and a sheep and goat milk cheese charcuterie board. It came with a bread and flatbread, house made mustard and an assortment of house made pickles. Wow this was amazing! Th board was so pretty and with all the pickles (pineapple, Apple, Brussels sprouts, turnip, and more) it was very fun to try all the different bites. Then we got the fried chicken noodle soup which was very fresh and light. Next the foie gras torchon. This plate was so expertly designed it was incredible! It was accompanied with granola, sauce, jelly, fruits, and toasted brioche which all paired perfectly together. Finally we got the oxtail ravioli which was also expertly made. 
Each dish was prepared to perfection and obviously with a lot of care by the chefs and in combination with the amazing wait staff made this experience unforgettable! Can't wait to try their sister restaurant and bars.Great food. Great service. Fair price. Friendly and inviting.So, awkward turtle, Max Messier no longer works here. SO BE IT, because T. Cole Newton and Christine Nielsen are amazing replacements!
Drinks are still delightfully unique and delicious.Went to the upstairs bar and waited at the bar for way too long before being even acknowledged.  There were about 5 people behind the bar but they were cold and disinterested.  I was joining a large group outside and everyone at my table thought the service was very bad and slow.  The server outside was less snooty but we had to ask for drinks, menus, cutlery, him to clear the empties from the table, etc - and half the time we had to ask twice.  I had the pecorino cheese platter which was really good but the service was, quite frankly,  abysmal.HH specialty drinks for 4-6$! That's a steal for the crafted cocktails, which are all delicious! 
I would say I am in love with this place. The outside balcony is perfect for cool nights! 
Deviled Eggs: So tasty I could eat all six by myself. I wish all six were topped with the crisp though! 
Lamb Meatball: Its okay. The red sauce is pretty tasty but not as flavorful as a handful of others that I've had. The pasta was cooked al dente. Meatball is a lot leaner & actually reminded me of pho meatballs! lol
if you must try anything, try their cured meats! It's all in house/ homemade and so delicious! Second best charcuterie board in NOLA! The accompaniments are so unique too! 
This place will definitely become one of the hottest spots in town!
Just to mention, the service & bartenders were awesome! Everyone was very accommodating & wonderful. They definitely made our experience unique.Visited Sq Root back in October while on vacation in NOLA for 5 days. My boyfriend and I enjoy tasting menus, so after a little research we found this gem. Our experience was one of a kind. They can usually seat up to 16 people. However, that night there was one other couple and a gentlemen, which made the experience that much more intimate and special. Every dish was perfectly plated and presented. Alex, the sommelier, was extremely helpful in helping us pick out the perfect cocktails. She was also kind enough to mail me a copy of the menu as I had left mine behind that night. If you are ever in NOLA and enjoy true dining experiences, check them out!1) Fried Chicken Wafer topped with fried pickled okra and mustard seeds.
2) Raw oyster sat on top of seaweed then topped with watermelon mignonette and nitroed buttermilk horseradish 
3) Spinach Tarragon Gazpacho, duck egg & fresh shaved black truffles.
4) Foie Gras & Blueberry Balasamic
5) Mushroom Campanelle
6) Palate Cleanser; Blueberry, Fennel, Lemon, & Watermelon
7) Lobster Verde
8) Miso, Hazelnut, Bone Marrow Wagyu Short Rib
9) Almond Nitro Macaron with Caramel Icecream
I was surprisingly full to the point where I couldn't finish my palate cleanse & the two savory dishes! That's on an empty stomach filled with the wine tasting & a predinner cocktail. 
SquareRoot is an unique experience. It's really not just about the food. It's about the social experience as well! Meet the chefs, talk & mingle. Get drunk and meet your seat neighbor as well! It makes the dining experience. 
The food is so interesting. It's pretty food. I really wish I saw more cooking though. The kitchen is so beautiful & I just saw a lot of plating. I loved the oyster dish for the overall experience. The play on textures & flavors. It was literally a party in my mouth. The palate cleanser was a bit off putting because the texture & temperature was so cold that it would dry my mouth out ! But once it melted some, it was easier to consume. I was very disappointed in the dessert. I felt that it was to bland/plain. 
The food is good but not great. So yeah, it makes you a bit hesitant to spend that kind of money on what could be. (Maybe, only a few items you may thoroughly enjoy.) But, it's worth it at least once because of the overall experience.
Cocktail pairing was terrible & really held up the process. Plates were ready but sitting there for up to 5 minutes because the cocktail wasn't ready. There has to be a better system for getting the cocktails, from upstairs, downstairs faster. 
Wine pairing was alright too. Mainly whites. Enjoyed it a lot better because of how quickly it hit the table. I was disappointed in the pours though. No offense to them, I am just heavy handed & quite the drinker. What I'm saying is, I wish you was more generous!
Tasting & Pairings costed close to 400$ for two diners on a slow night. Was it worth it? Just this once. So, what brings guest back a second time? I haven't figured that out.I would have to say that this is one of the top five meals I've ever had, and I eat out a lot. The small bites menu was excellent and filling, the service super attentive, and the evening was really fun. We went in the winter, and the menus was seasonal and creative -- fried chicken cotton candy, arctic char, amazing dehydrated turnip bite that would almost make me a vegetarian, duck dish with this crazy good sticky bun to sop up the juices, and the most tender and moist wild boar I've ever had. Ever bite was beautifully crafted. Don't hesitate, just go.If a Michelin reviewer were to ever open their minds and travel outside of New York, Chicago or the big two cities in California this place would be on their list. A well thought out tasting menu with nicely paired wine selections. Creative culinary techniques, gastronomy and clever contrasts of texture, temperature and taste bud titilation. Yes it's pricey! Yes it's equally as amazing!!! If you ever been frustrated by not getting reservations to a Michelin 3 place come enjoy the experience here before they get reviewed and it becomes impossible to get in.FYI... this bar is upstairs of Square Root. I'm glad we found the bar because it is great if you like a place with non main stream drinks. They can make the classics but they specialize in one of a kinds. No domestic beers but can help you find something compatible.This may have been hands down one of the best dishes I have ever had. Service was great and so were the cocktails. So happy I stopped in. Highly recommend the escargot dish.So I'm an avid fan of Square Root downstairs...but who has that kind of money to make that a regular thing...
But upstairs is preeeetty much just as awesome (minus 13 courses and wine pairings;)! 
My friend and I swung in for happy hour this week and it was baller. We needed respite from the RAIN and we got just that...in a brief non-pouring moment we sat on their super chill balcony, drank their amazing cocktails (made by the waiter and bartender husband and wife team), and devoured the snack board. 
Waites was our waiter's name; tell him Emily the yelper sent you and demand to have him serve you as he made our evening!
He started us off with the "punch of the day" which was GREAT and very original, and a classic daiquiri; also awesome and, you guessed it: classic.
Pimento cheese is a MUST (the best I've ever had), but ask Waites to throw it on some toasted baguette...he'll hook you up (I didn't care for the artful cheese crackers the menu describes). The duck sticky bun is seriously NUTS; get your own...I made the mistake of sharing it with my friend. House-made pickled everything was delish. Also there were these yummy curried salmon things...so yummy, I honestly can't even remember what they were, but it was salmon and curry and everything I like in one bite. 
Overall...GET THERE. Happy hour makes it SUPER affordable in a "try everything on the snack menu" kind of way. Brittany and Waites will NOT disappoint. 
I'll be back soon to try the evening bar menu...Absolutely love. The patio is cute and quiet. Great location and vibe. Food was u real, can't say enough good things. Mouth orgieSquare Root is everything I hate about restaurants in the 21st century. Pretentious is a word that is beyond inadequate for describing this restaurant. All I could think was... Where is the rest of my food! Is this really what fine dining has evolved to? How disappointing.  Sorry, but let's get rid of the gimmicks and put some food on the plate, check out the photos. Give me a good seafood platter anytime. This is not New Orleans food. The real question is... What is it?Looking for HORRENDOUS service?  COME HERE!
Where to begin? Glasses of wine that don't arrive for an hour, plates left on the table after the meal until there were so many we had to request that they be removed, a guest that did not get any silverware until she asked for it, requesting the check and being told it would be right out, the server arrives again with no check and says, "oh I forgot", and probably the ultimate irritant and reason to NEVER return was the unspoken, but plainly visible attitude of, "I really don't want to be helping you" by the wait staff as well as by the bartenders.
This is a shame because the food was actually good.One of the best experiences I have had since moving to Nola. Incredible. The charcuterie is the best I have ever had. We caught the tail end of happy hour so our normally $12/glass of wine was $5. You can really eat affordably here (for Nola prices). The server knowledge was incredible. We had a young lady as or server with pink/purple hair and she was fantastic! We will be back and do our people watching from the balcony!$20 appetizer plate.  This is a complete joke and I'm quite offended by the amount of food that's being served.  Just a bunch of scraps being served and definitely not worth the time or money.  I will however applaud their service and cocktails.  My predictions for this restaurant is dark and dismal.  This place will be out of business in a year or two.  I also want to add that this was my birthday....High end and FUN!  Square Root is very different from your normal dining experience. My husband and I went for Valentine's Day and it really made for a special night and meal. I can say unforgettable in all of the good ways. 
    Every dish was like eating a small work of art!  We enjoyed everything immensely. The wine pairings are definitely worth it if you feel like splurging. (This restaurant is not cheap) The service was top notch, ambience and decor were chic and so fun!  I enjoyed sitting around the small kitchen watching our dishes being prepared and conversing about them with the others seated around us as well as the super friendly staff. 
   What a great experience and fabulous food creations!  I will definitely be back!This place is great!!! We went upstairs to the bar and were blown away by the decor and the food was amazing. We almost ate everything on the menu! The portions were very big. My favorite thing we tried was the crab and grapefruit salad and the seafood deviled eggs!! They were both bursting with flavor nothing here is under-seasoned!! Also try the foie terrine it is better than August! Have to say it was the best meal ive had in a while! Cant wait to try the downstairs area!
Oh just so you know this place has happy hour 5-7I came here with a group of friends who were visiting from out of town. We were able to make a last minute reservation for 6 and sat on the balcony outside. 
We ordered a meat and cheese tray and let the chef decide. We were not disappointed. We also ordered some snacks a 3 of the larger plates. All of the food and drinks were amazing. The staff was completely knowledgeable about the menu and its ingredients. And they were great to us, even though we were the last ones there for the night. I can't wait to get back.
Note: I went last fall, so the food and drink menus have changed, but the experience was still great. (Now I have an excuse to go back!)The food is very good, but the price to food ratio is out of whack. How is making the same dishes for every customer is worth a super premium?
I would call this a one and done for fine dining but the happy hour with $6 wines and classic cocktails on a big magazine street balcony does not suckThe space is nice and the service was decent. Started off with an old fashioned that came out a sugary mess. Snack plate was, as other reviewers mention, extremely underwhelming. The cod beignets were ok and the egg was interesting on there. The other items were just forgettable. Pork chop entree was pretty solid although the sous vide pork belly on the side is just a salty hunk of fat and pretty much disgusting. I get why they'd try to add it but it just doesn't work. Watermelon and heirloom tomato salad was surprisingly well balanced and refreshing. Would be good to start with or end with. I enjoyed the escargot even though the escargot gets completely lost among the marrow and meat. The whole experience though was just not as good as other spots at that price point. Everything was just ok. Nothing to write home about. Highly doubt we'd be back except to maybe try happy hour on the balcony.Last night my husband and I had dinner here I can't stop thinking about it.  He might go back again this week.  We did the wine paring with ours (they had two levels and we did the higher level).  
We've eaten at some amazing places all over the US and even in Paris and this was...different.  Amazing and far more than a meal.  They say it'll be a dining experience, and they were not kidding.
We ended up really enjoying chatting with the other diners we were seated next to who were on the same schedule we were.  Sitting at a bar around the kitchen meant it was easier to chat with other diners.  And built in entertainment watching the kitchen.
The staff was excellent and took great care of us.  Our server Rye took the time to explain each course as they were delivered.  Not only that but he chatted with us about other parts of the experience, like the music.  Sommelier Liz Dowty paired amazing wines with our courses.  She was a pleasure to chat with and knew her wines!
Last but certainly not least, the food.  Everything was well executed and the dishes flowed.  The portions were smaller tasting portions as you'd want when 13 courses come your way.  At no point, even with the wine, did I feel overfull. The courses were well paced and the full meal was over 3 hrs.  I think the savory courses did outshine the desserts. Loved the fried chicken wafer with fried chicken cotton candy.  Yes, fried chicken cotton candy.  Their take on the Muffuletta was a ton of flavor in a small package.  Yum, yum, yum.The upstairs is beautiful and the food is presented in such a way that makes it worth every penny. Its an ideal date spot with balcony seating if that's your thing.  We sat at the bar and watched Britney and Wates do their thing. Excellent staff with  a beautiful food and drink experience.  You will not leave dissatisfied.  Save room for an amazing dessert.This is exactly where you want to be for happy hour to catch the sunsets from the balcony. Get here before the Loy-lane students take it over. I do wish the happy hour was longer than just two hours, though. The attention to service is impeccable--makes you want to never leave. Not a lot seats other than the bar stools, which require some skill to fit comfortably....or just have one of their cocktails and you'll stop worrying about it. Please note, falling off the stool is a strong possibility. Did I mention the balcony--super key.My husband and I visited Square Root for his birthday. We did the 15 course meal and it did not disappoint. One of my favorite things about the evening was watching all of the food prep. My least favorite thing of the night was the one loud guy that was 3 seats away... seriously, he was loud and only stopped talking to eat. As for the meal, each course came out with an explanation by one of the chefs. I loved this, as we could ask questions. The presentation of each dish was exquisite, and the food was delectable! I had one request for my meal, which was no pork. There was only one dish that they made simple accommodations on, and it was great. I will say that the portions are small... by the 6th my husband was joking that we would have to go next door to get a real meal after, and by the 10th I was wondering how I could squeeze in 5 more things. It really was filling. The one thing my husband and I both agreed on is that we wish there would have been a way to pair wine or cocktails with the meal.. even if they were just sips. Instead, we each had a cocktail and called it good.
I can't wait to try the Root. I am not sure we would go to Square Root again, as it was expensive... and just a bit much to drop in for a quick meal. I will however recommend that everyone at least try it once.This place is a must-visit if you're in the area. The drinks and food are some of the best I've had in New Orleans. The atmosphere is comfortable, trendy, and upscale. If you're looking to impress a date, this would be the place to make an impression. Thanks for the good times Square Root!This place was amazing! It was awesome to meet the bartender, Waites, who created these drinks! Even better, we were waited on by 'wifey', Britt! What a perfect couple, running an amazing place! We will be back asap! Thanks for a beautiful time!Having just missed the opening of Chef Lopez's fine dining adventure, Square Root, on our last trip to New Orleans, I was thrilled to score reservations on our trip this April.  I've long been a fan of Root, Chef's lovely upscale eatery on Julia, so was looking forward to seeing him take it up a notch.
I was not disappointed.  The crew works in tandem, and the setup is a "Chef's Table" where all the diners can share in the experience of the preparation.  Each course is presented like a tiny Cirque ballet, with beautiful dishes arriving in a flurry of fanciful cooking techniques, and packing a punch of unique and rewarding flavors in every bite.  I won't belabor the menu, as yours will almost certainly be different, but the experience of eating in his kitchen is bliss.  Picking my favorites would be hard, but the chilaquiles, posole with pork belly, and foie gras with blood orange certainly linger in my memory. 
Lopez' spectacular crew, led by Austin (just look for the John Besh clone) are extremely talented and they run the kitchen like a well-oiled machine. The guys rock that kitchen.
I'm back in California now, and counting the days until we can return.  Bravo!Ok, let me just first say that my review will be this little blurb first to describe how I loved my experience at square root and the last part of the review is just what I felt about the dishes I was served that night. Square roots chefs table was served downstairs in a nice and casually seated area around the chefs' cooking and prepping stations. The upstairs area, Root, is also nice and has a casual yet classy feel. The staff were very friendly and attentive to my bf's and my needs. 
Now the dinner was fabulous! I loved meeting and getting to know the amazing chefs that work here. Chefs kelvin, Brad, and Jason were amazing to watch and just such nice people who you can tell love their job. They talked to us, shared stories, and served us such a unique and delicious meal. It was like me meeting celebrities, with them being such great chefs and talking to us like we are friends. At the end of the dinner they even invited us to look around to explain what the kitchen gadgets were and too see the test kitchen. To both of us this was a night we wouldn't forget and will definitely be back someday soon to try out what else they have planned! 
1st- amazing different plays on cauliflower 
 (Ice cream, purée, "burnt", reg) sturgeon caviar
2nd- light, refreshing, briny
3rd- toasted sesame, super soft but crispy meringue, sweet, salty deli meat, spicy heat after  
4th- fried chicken, like kfc "middle meat/skin" with mash potatoes, all together has all the textures you can ask for, still leaves a fried 
5th- salty (poached in ham fat), like kale but nuttier, super fresh and dense cream cheese, juiciest cooked salmon I've had 
6th- tart melt in ur mouth, yogurt not too flavored but nice, ground cherry like a pear/Korean grape, pickled cherry very vinergary but sweet cherry after notes, cherry leather was bitter, foie gras very smooth and creamy and not too sweet, all together it's very balanced, leaves a smooth and tart taste
(Already starting to feel fullish)
7th- like mushroom soup foam, smooth melt in ur mouth piece of garlic, meaty and flavorful mushroom, all together=just simply amazing savory dish that tastes like it's more than it is 
8th- soft shelled crab...need I say more? Most crab tasting soft shelled crab I've had, 
9-super savory, meaty, loved the breast and heart, peppers and add ons are fresh and cut through the dish, bread was super delicious sweet and savory
Dessert
10- light, sweet, tart, love the passion fruit
11- super amazing chocolate dessert, that might be my favorite chocolate dessert, leaves the sassafras spice lingering and chocolate taste overlapping it 
12- brittle was sweet salty and nutty, sweet but savory, bitter and smooth, loved the silky last chocolate peace 
Gave a menu at the end and a treat! (Muffin!)Neat upstairs place with cheese & charcuterei and a few other cute plates...expensive, but liw key and very approachable atmosphere...a little cold for the deck tonight, but I'd love to sit outside here--it looks inviting for happy hour when things warm up.I have drank all over this city, along with many others & this is the best Sazerac I have ever had. The black garlic wafers are the stuff dreams are made of... Great atmosphere, nice balcony & wonderful staff. One of my new favorite place in New Orleans!Truly one of the most delightful dining experiences I've ever had in my entire life. You will not be disappointed.Come early and enjoy a drink and small plate before going downstairs to dine.  Not a bad spot to go for an after dinner scotch as well.
As for the food at Square Root....check the number of five star reviews I give out.  It ain't many...and these guys without a doubt deserve one.  The works of art that come to your plate are so delicious and exquisite, it almost pains you to eat it....until you do.  Four words - Fried Chicken Cotton Candy.   Mmmmmmmm.
Make certain you pair your courses with the deluxe wine option...there are some glasses that will blow your mind, and I must say, the Sommelier is ridiculously on top of her game.
My only advice is to steer clear of the corner seats facing the kitchen....you will have an obscured view with the columns.  Other than that, sit back and prepare to be amazed.
Needless to say, when we are back in NOLA, we will be back at Square Root.I took a friend here this past weekend. I go to tasting menus every chance I get, but, for my friend, it was her first tasting menu.
This night there were 12 courses and we chose the drink pairing that was mostly wine.
There are several comments on the food already posted.  All I will say here is that my friend and I agree with the people who thought the food was excellent.
The evening began with the seating and the basic questions about what drinks we wanted and if we had any allergies.  The two chefs fixed our food in front of us.  Then we got our drink pairing and description (excellent pairings).  Next, we got our food followed by a description of the course.  Everyone was polite and patient as we asked our questions.  
This is definitely a meal worthwhile and, hopefully, I will get a chance to return.The experience was about missed expectations followed by disappointment. From the beginning the hostess greeting  was bland, then we waited 10 minutes at the upstairs bar without being served, then the "greeter" at the counter dining was blasé. It took a long time to get pre dinner drinks and even longer to get a bottle of wine. The first three courses were flat with no real taste. The next three were good. but not great The portions are very small - almost just a bite. We went elsewhere afterwards to get something more to eat as we left hungry. It is expensive but does not deliver. We will not return.I like to think of myself as a fairly adventurous eater, in the sense that I'll eat nearly anything except for foods slathered in mayonnaise. To take that idea further, I'm also a sucker for "interesting" dishes featuring exotic ingredients, layered/nuanced flavors, innovative preparation, artful plating, or any combination thereof. Parade these plates in front of me in the form of a multi-course tasting menu, and that's the formula for a meal I will always remember. 
There are two seatings per evening, at a bar that offers a full view of the kitchen. A seat at the table doesn't come cheap, at $150 per person, but keep in mind that this is going to be an experience of at least 12 courses. Viewed from that perspective, I'd bet that many have probably spent more, for lesser quality or quantity. Beverage pairing options are available, for an extra charge - many around us opted for the $100 "Sommelier Pairing" option, but we still had to eat and drink our way around Louisiana for a few more days, so we decided to pass, in the interest of saving some money. 
Here's a brief rundown of some of our more memorable dishes, but keep in mind that these will probably be subject to change:
The "magical muffuletta" was a play on the classic New Orleans sandwich, but instead of using something so pedestrian as bread, the "loaves" were little savory meringues.
My favorite plate of the evening was likely the "Southern picnic," which was fried chicken cotton candy with mustard seeds and fried okra. The plate itself was striking in presentation, but what made this tops for me was the dense chicken flavor of the cotton candy, which induced a bit of delicious cognitive dissonance. 
Another awfully cool plate was the "passion fruit pisco," a play on the pisco sour cocktail. I wish all pisco sours tasted like this. This dish was comprised of some cardamom apple, fennel and liquid nitrogen passion fruit with a nicely tart/sweet yuzu meringue on top. 
The most well-executed dish was the lobster chilaquiles. These came stocked with a nice bit of Mr. Pinchy, green salsa, lobster mole, queso fresco and onion ash. While I love lobster, I'd have to say that the green salsa and mole sauces really made this dish, with complex layers of sweet, spicy and smoky flavors. 
For dessert, there were a few bites, but the one that most stood out to me was a tarragon cake with satsuma ice cream and fresh satsuma, topped with a milk chocolate honey cremeaux. It wasn't overwhelmingly sweet, instead driven by the light herbal flavors of the cake and mild tart satsumas. 
This is just a sampling of the dishes I liked best....there were quite a few more courses! While they were all excellent, I cannot honestly say that the others were as memorable. Even so, this is still an easy 5 stars. I'd also like to note the pacing of the meal. Some of these multi-course tasting menus can drag out for a long time, while others feel rushed. For me, Square Root hit that sweet spot, allowing more than enough time to fully savor each special course, but without feeling like the night was dragging. Any waits in between courses were spent observing the kitchen staff work, which is fascinating in its own right. 
No boring meal, this. I'd recommend it to any serious eater.Very poor service, had one drink, ready to order dinner. . 20 minutes of waiting..we left.Absolutely an amazing and unique place.  After speaking with the Chef you know he has earned his stripes, yet he was so humble and friendly.  His food speaks for itself.   All Night the only words out of my mouth were "amazing" and "phenomenal". We will definitely be back.Bourbon barrel smoked bacon slices with pickled okra , strawberries, raspberries and cucumber slices. All pickled in house 
The tube is smoked raspberries mustard
Scotch with ice ball 
 A-1 serviceThe service was spotty at best. There was one bartender who was on the ball, but the number of people had him overwhelmed most of the time. When I ordered my beer he made about 4 mixed drinks for people who ordered after me before he remembered to grab my drink. 
Worked my way outside to my group and decided to order food. The server blatantly ignored us trying to get his attention to take our order for a good 20 minutes, but continued to serve tables that only has 2-4 people seated. We finally had someone track him down to come take our order. After that he brought our food, asked if we needed anything, then disappeared. He sporadically checked on us, but acted as if it was a chore rather than his job. He never cleared our plates, he forgot to bring cutlery to people who ordered when they arrived, and he kept forgetting to bring the checks. 
All in all the food was amazing, but the service was horrible and the whole staff needed a change of attitude. I was excited to try somewhere new in New Orleans, but this place left a lot to be desired.First stop in NOLA for eats! It's right on magazine street, and easily accessible. It was almost sunset and felt the balcony would offer wonderful view and perfect time for parfait to cool off before going to explore the city once again. It's breezy and quaint felt right at home as I sat down. 
Every menu is explained in detail with warmth and presentation is exquisite. The cheese on cracker (it's so complex I forgot the name!) was just the right amount of spice - it was great before the coffee cookie ice cream with Chantilly cream. The duck dumpling was more savory with gravy like topping and onion, so I'm delightedly full with many flavors intertwined. 
I would give it a five stars, but it's reserved until I get to try the main dish and assess it in full course. The appetizer and desert is enough as a whole meal, but usually it does not have the "wow" factor a main dish may conceal. But I'm quite satisfied with the experience for today, and would return given the chance during my short stay. Or until next time!
7:15 pm - Never-mind - surprised me with tiramisu liquor to finish my experience, and I can't say I've had such wonderful surprise at any other places! ;)Awesome experience. Square Root is a chef's table but on steriods. A lot of attention was payed to our party and even more attention was put into the delightful food!
This call out is sort of silly but I feel like i must make it :) The bathroom directly in front of the stairs, 2nd floor, there needs to be some caution on the very thick threshold, its almost a tiny step down out of the bathroom. When I took my step out and landed half of my shoe on the threshold and half on the ground, it caused me to twist my ankle. Its pretty swollen today, but it won't hold me back from visiting Square Root, in the future!Ok - I read several of the reviews and I feel bad giving a poor review.
First, the staff  was very nice and friendly.
Second, the location was awesome.  We sat upstairs and looked down Magazine towards the CBD/FQ.
Third, drinks were good.
However, none of the 3 of us liked our food with the exception of a foie gras entree...if it had been an app, it would have been perfect.
Our app was several things pickled, which was just not our thing...could have been a poor choice of ordering.
We got the lamb meatballs, Fritos, and foie gras - which was good - just not for an entree...I just felt like they were trying too hardAn amazing meal complete experience. Cutting edge cuisine is a new thing for NOLA, and it is a welcome addition. I have eaten at molecular gastronomy temples in other cities and countries, and sometimes the food can seem gimmicky or too scientific. Chef Lopez and his team produce absolutely delicious dishes with taste remaining the #1 concern. There is some showmanship, but it takes a backseat. Easily one of the best meals I have ever had in NOLA.
Also, I had an eclectic wine/cocktail/beer pairing that is excellent, and the others in our party had amazing wine pairings.
I think there will be some people who don't have the patience to give this a chance. But hopefully there will be many more who want to be challenged and think "outside the box". This is not a place for simple comfort food.
The only negative that many will have is the prix fixe price, but it is reasonable considering the amount labor put into producing this masterpiece of a meal.Totally underwhelmed. Come here if you want "ok" food at a really high price. We won't be back.This was by far the high point of my experience in New Orleans. Mr. And Mrs. Waitts (sp?) served up the best food and service of our trip. Overall, I found the food in NO to be terrible and the service to be poor in terms of living up to international standards but great in terms of cheering the crowd. This bar above a restraunt (SquareRoot is on the sign and the ground floor) is a diamond in the rough. A refuge for foodies in this beautiful mess of a town. They make you feel at home and have the best wine and cheese in the region. Don't miss it.The upstairs space at Square Root is being branded as "Root Squared" and is a more casual place to hang out with a cocktail or glass of wine and some charcuterie or small plates.  It's a very refined space with a large bar, a few tables, a couch, and a large outdoor deck with quite a few tables that overlook Magazine Street.  The charcuterie is very high end, cheese options are limited but pretty good, and there are a couple appetizer-type items including an excellent roasted carrot salad.  As at Root, the charcuterie plates have a large range accompanying items including various pickled fruits which can be anywhere from outstanding to average.
The bartenders are truly artists, the wine list is pretty good, and the glass/stemware is high end.  As are the prices, but it's roughly in line with other places in the same genre around town.  The Square Root space downstairs looks amazing (but extremely pricey) so the upstairs Root Squared space will be my preferred hangout in this location.  Very well done.Flavorful Aloo Gobi. The dish is full of spice, and even though I don't eat vegetarian dishes often as a meal, this is intensely satisfying. The roasted potatoes have a magically light texture.Wife and I tried Square Root out for the first time last night and it easily made our top 5 best dinners of all time. Calling it just a dinner though doesn't do it justice because it's a complete sensory experience. From the moment you walk in, you're greeted with a very unique decor all centered around a long u shaped seating arrangement facing the kitchen area where the magic happens. We opted for the wine pairing which truly exceeded our expectations, as it complimented each dish perfectly with wines neither my wife nor I have ever tried. The plating used for each tasting also added to the experience (I never thought I would say that) but each course was served in a different and unique plate/bowl that in itself were pieces of art. Chef Lopez personally described each of the 15 culinary delights when served...which was pretty cool coming from the mastermind behind such creations.  And getting the opportunity to watch the chef's team prepare each dish in front of us was amazing. Now to the actual food, which by itself I could write a 20 page review on but will hit the high points only. We were worried we might be overly full at the end of the meal, but pleasantly surprised when the amount of food was just right. As each dish came out, it quickly became our new favorite one. The Sablefish, wagyu, potato soup, and pheasant were only a few of our favorites and I cant even attempt to try and explain the intricate way in which they were prepared perfectly. There wasn't one dish of the 15 that we didn't enjoy which is pretty amazing.  We would highly recommend Square Root and am so glad to see a place like this open in New Orleans that pushes the creative boundaries of cooking!Fantastic Cocktails. The vibe of Square Root makes me want to hang out often. The bar selection is impressive, and the cocktails are top-tier.Words cannot describe this culinary experience.  We enjoyed the tasting menu, one of the best food experiences that I have had, and unmatched by any other tasting menu.  I highly highly recommend this experience!If you have a food allergy - like my celiac disease - you are probably scared of fixed menus. DON'T BE!  Each course in the experience was made to suit me and my gluten free self and gave matched the experience of my buddies. The desserts (yep- TWO that I could eat and it wasn't just sorbet) were show stoppers and left me wanting to shout from the balcony about the awesome service and food! Way to be!!!The upstairs was open & it was a wonderful evening to sit outside on the deck.  I had the lemon banana dessert which was different than anticipated being NOLA it was still quite tasty.  The staff was friendly & our waiter was adorable having just relocated from NOLA.  The bartender was knowledgeable about the local restaurant/bar scene.  This is a great place to end a wonderful NOLA day w/a little dessert, tasty drinks & wonderful service.I did the tasting menu downstairs on a full capacity Saturday night.  It was an awesome  experimental culinary experience. Perfect for my wife's birthday -she loves great food and chic design. The place is beautiful with a dark and sexy feel upstairs and a clean, modern feel downstairs.  The highlight was sitting at the kitchen counter while the team of chefs meticulously cleaned, prepared, designed, and presented every plate with amazing precision and creativity.  It was just fun.
The flavors ranged from OMG-delicious to good. The only critique I have is that tarragon was used on almost every dish, which on such wildly different dishes like oysters, foie gras, and ice cream seemed forced.
Be ready to spend lots of time tasting, as it took 3 hours to get through the courses. Also, the bar was overwhelmed so drinks took 20mins to come out.
Overall a great experience I'll remember for a long time and I would do it again for a special occasion.Great thought and potential. But grossly overpriced for quantity and quality of food. Thin wine list. Wine pairing was 150.00 a person. Mostly chenin blanc of very average quality. Save your money and go to Mr B's.This review is for both dinner downstairs and bar upstairs.
BAR: Fabulous place to get a craft cocktail and some house-made charcuterie and cheese. Beautiful wrap-around balcony for those warm Nola nights. Bathrooms are roomy and super cool. Service is attentive and knowledgeable. CHICKEN LIVER MOUSSE IS TO DIE FOR. Secret's out, shit is delicious. 5 stars for that alone.
DINNER: So let me start out by saying that the tasting menu isn't for everyone. If you are typically the kind of person that needs two super burritos for dinner, etc, you probably will not be into paying $150 for 12 courses of small plates. However, if you're a foodie, foodie curious, or love molecular gastronomy, this place offers you something you can't get anywhere else in New Orleans. This place just proves my theory that Nola is having a food renaissance and really becoming a culinary force to be reckoned with (with food other than red beans/gumbo/fried shit).
FYI, there are no tables here. If you dine downstairs, there is only the chef's tasting menu, with bar seating facing the open kitchen. It's fabulous to watch the chefs plate the dishes, tweezing little components, making cotton candy, or playing with the liquid nitrogen. The deal is 12 courses ($150) with an optional wine pairing ($150) or mixed pairing ($100). If you opt out of pairing, they have a wine/cocktail list from which you can order a la carte.
5 stars for service. They are on their game here! You come to be spoiled and you really are. And it's all about the little things: folding the napkins when you get up, wiping every plate down between each course, new silverware for each course, etc. Everyone is knowledgeable, friendly, and detail-oriented. The vibe is still that southern congeniality while maintaining excellent and efficient service. The sommelier was sweet as pie, and seemed to really know her shit. Our server/maître d, Rye, was super nice, funny, and really knowledgeable about every single ingredient (And he has the same birthday as me, which makes him ultra cool). 
4 stars for food. All the dishes were incredibly beautiful and the plates were an aesthetic adventure (Sidenote: some of the gorgeous plates are made in Barcelona and SR is the only restaurant in the U.S. to have them. Boom!). The components in each course were numerous, the flavors were complex, and you could really see the technique and creativity that went into each dish. I'm not going to bother going into every single dish of the 12-course menu (plus a 13th course if you count the palate cleanser), because I'm sure they change the menu often, and it's not like you get to pick what you order. There are about 3 appetizer courses, 5 entrée/more savory courses, and 4 dessert courses.  Many hit the mark, some missed it. But that is to be expected when you're experimenting with so many ingredients and techniques. 
Bonus: when I ate a piece of the passion fruit pisco sour frozen in liquid nitrogen, smoke came out of my mouth for like 5 minutes. Rad.
All in all, this was a phenomenal and unique experience, best saved for a special occasion when you feel ok about blowing a ton of money. I feel ok about it because it was my birthday and the bf paid. :) New Orleans has been needing a place like Square Root, and it really delivers.We came here for pre-dinner cocktails prior to our meal at square root NOT to be confused with root squared (one = craft cocktails on a balcony, other = fancy dinner downstairs). We got two really yummy smokey concoctions. Order what your heart desires, you won't be disappointed!First of all five stars don't come easy from me.  This is truly deserved!  We live in the neighborhood and had an awful experience at another neighborhood restaurant.  See me review of La Boca. 
We were aggravated and I was really ready to head home. My daughter wanted dinner. So, for the first time, Root it was. 
I was pleasantly surprised!  The staff and food was awesome!
Max and Maria made us feel right at home. I ranted about the earlier episode and they were kind enough to listen.  They vowed to make out night great, and they delivered!
We started out with the half and half charcuterie.  I don't know what was better, the meats or the pickled bell pepper.  Awesome!
By the end of that, the three of us were satisfied, but took the chance and ordered the fried chicken. OMG!  Off the chain delicious!  Home made sweet pickles, German potato salad and more crispy delicious curry scented chicken than we could devour!
The only thing that was better, was the the service from Maria and the manager Max.  They personally made it their goal to turn our night around and they did!  Here's a shocker.   They even discounted our bill to make up for what the other restaurant did!
Awesome people, awesome food.   We will be back!Stop what you are doing, leave the office and head straight to Root's rooftop patio for happy hour. It's a great view of a super cool neighborhood with a hint of the CBD. The drinks are on point, the staff/owner/drink makers creatively produce smooth, clean, and ultimately delicious, cocktails. The atmosphere is a bit upscale but I'm rocking yoga pants and it's welcomed? 
Happy hour drink, beer and wine prices range from $2-7; PBR is $2 while a cocktail is $6. Drink up my friends, life is better when the work day is topped with 7 cocktails at Root.Writing this review from the second floor balcony of square root. Really enjoying this place. So far the drinks have been fantastic. I'm having an old fashioned and my girlfriend has had a beer and now the snake charmer signature cocktail. Christian made my first drink and was very welcoming when we arrived. Sitting outside we have been served by Mckenzie and Oscar (the bar upstairs bar manager). They have been very friendly and given great customer service. I was recommend square root by a friend and very happy with the recommendation.Stopped by for happy hour and was greeted with a warm welcome by the host and sat outside on the balcony to have small bites and cocktails. Both of the dishes we ordered- the beef and oyster tartare and shrimp and crab stuffed deviled eggs were well thought out and unique. Drink prices were a great deal and had my first Pimm cup there. I'm hooked! Everything about this place is great and it definitely gets my recommendations!Cool little place.... What a welcome addition to the New Orleans food scene! It took me a while, but I was finally able to check it out today at lunch, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. We started out with some of the house-cured meats -- we chose the Calabrian 'nduja (different from the spreadable version I've had before, this was more like thinly-sliced salami) and the Moroccan-spiced duck/lamb rillettes, which were served on a board with homemade crackers, pickled fruits & veggies (tomatoes, strawberries, okra, cranberries, peppers, zucchini) and sweet potato mustard... it was delicious and a great way to start. Next I opted for the crispy pig ear & brussels sprout salad, which I also enjoyed -- the pig ear (and it was literally a whole ear, cut into strips) was surprisingly tasty. The only thing I didn't like about the salad was that the dressing (mustard/green anchovy) was very bitter and I just didn't think that it went well w/ the rest of the salad. We also had an order of the sweet tea-brined chicken wings, served with butterscotch biscuits and sweet potato/sorghum butter. My wife loved the wings, although I found them to be a little dry. But the butter served with the biscuits was divine. Next we shared the Louisiana crab roll, which was really nothing special -- the best part about it was the potato roll it came on. At this point my wife bowed out, but I still wanted to try one of their reknowned desserts. The "Yorkie" wasn't available (today the pastry chef released a brand new dessert menu), so based on my server's suggestion, I had the almond & chocolate buttercream macaroon, which was very tasty and a great way to end the meal. With all of the wonderful restaurants in New Orleans, whenever I try a new place I always have to ask myself if it's worth returning to. 90% of the time, the answer is "no." However, with Root I'd have to say it's a resounding "YES!" Sad to see that it closed.This was a phenomenal culinary experience.  The different courses created from locally sourced ingredients were excellent.  The staff was incredibly attentive.  Would definitely recommend.We showed up exactly on time "15 minutes early". Were informed that we can join them upstairs for a drink and they'll get us when ready. We go upstairs and grab a drink, and were escorted downstairs 20 minutes later... Good drinks by the way.
We are seated in the worst possible viewing space with three empty spots next to us with better views. Our view is attached in images as the obnoxious cotton candy machine which will be used only once.
We then sit in bar style uncomfortable chairs for 30 minutes and watch people across from us get plate after plate of food. This food better make up for this tragically expensive meal.... Finally our first dish arrives. Delicious! Dish 2 and 3, we're off to a good start! ..... Then we received plate after plate of things that were flavorful and not bad, but 'interesting'.. Interesting in the fact that my wife and i had to continually excuse ourselves in hopes that we didn't vomit at the table... The food wasn't disgusting, just unsettling... 
We sat in a bar style seating, eating unsettling food for 4 HOURS!!!! Exhausted from the time and the aching in our stomachs made the best part when it was all finally over... This may be for some people, but we only enjoyed 4 of the 15 dishes (and we like to eat).. We figured the $150 a head was good because it's an 'experience' but all our experience gave us was an urning for cotton candy and indigestion.A must for foodies! My second visit was even better than the first, which I didn't think possible. This place rates right up there with Alinea in my book, but is much more intimate. The food is thoughtful, whimsical at times (fried chicken cotton candy) and absolutely fabulous.  Rye is a fabulous host.The drinks were delicious and the food quite good, even though there are not a lot of entrees to choose from. However, the room feels more like a bar than a sit-down restaurant. I owe that to the bar-height tables and odd shape of the room. Still, we settled in (even though the temperature was freezing) and enjoyed our meal. The thing that was distracting and unwelcome was our male server, who seemed to feel that this was his night to shine and show off. He seemed to think it was a performance and he expected us to play along. The other server, a woman, was the complete opposite: all business and not that friendly. We enjoyed the food, but I would implore our over-the-top male server, who took credit for the creation of all the drinks (a story that seemed to have some holes in it) and would be mortally wounded if we didn't LOVE each one equally, to chill out. Play the part of a nice, helpful server and less the actor in a one-man show.Worth the experience. 
We really enjoyed ourselves at Square Root. It was a lot of fun getting to sit at the counter and watch the chefs prepare our countless courses. The food cartographer was probably my favorite part of the night. He explained everything in vivid detail and was available to answer all our questions. The taste of the food was not over-the-top extraordinary like I had expected, but the presentation made up for it. Although we did not partake in the drink pairing option, we had a lot of fun ordering Dealer's Choice and were pleased with the outcomes. All in all, the staff made us feel welcome as though it was an honor, not a burden, to be serving us. This place is certainly worth trying!I'm sorry but I must disagree with the four-star rating by others. Root was over priced and underwhelming . A wanna be sophisticated restaurant. Abstract interpretations of common recipes leave you scratching your head. 
For example the Trios Foie Gras 
presented on a  stick surrounded with cotton candy 
Foie Gras with granola mixed in a tureen
Foie Gras slapped on a board with mustard 
All ill conceived and lacking in taste
Once tasted we immediately cancelled our 
entree order.Lovely ambience, great staff, great choice of wines, and fantastic food. We did not have an appointment but luckily there was availability. We will definitely come again and try the cheese plates next time.Impossible to write words to fairly describe how spectacular a birthday dinner I had at Square Root. Beautiful ambiance and arguably the best and most interesting meal in my life. 
It is the tasting equivalent of watching the Northern Lights on a peak Summer night. It's next level brilliance times 10. Each dish served was colorful, beautifully prepared, complex, contained multiple ingredients and offered explosive and contrasting tastes, textures and temperatures. 
Un-F____ing AMAZING!!!! Your taste buds will think they are tripping on LSD.  It's an experience like no other in dining excellence.Everything was absolutely excellent from the bar staff upstairs to the food downstairs. 
We arrived early and had a couple of drinks upstairs, then headed downstairs for our meal. 
Everything was absolutely excellent and the service was above and beyond. Would highly recommend!!Only give 3stars because the menu is way too small to choose from. We got a snack board and charcuterie board and a roasted veggies salad. Their snacks are fine but some of them are too small to remember the flavor. Their charcuterie is fantastic. Plentiful amount and very good quality. I would only recommend this place to charcuterie lovers. And get there before 7pm so that you can get happy hour prices.This concept is long overdue in New Orleans.  I am reviewing both upstairs and downstairs in the review.
Upstairs, I have dined here and had cocktails and it is a wonderful experience.  I love the use of the "toys" in the kitchen and all of the twists on the food.  The duck heart salad was my favorite.  Simply wonderful flavors from the duck hearts.  The greens come from their project in the ninth ward with habitat for humanity.  Really good stuff.  The steak tartare was also a wonderful choice.  The cocktails are quite good with mixologists that really know their craft.  All in all a wonderful place to dine and have a cocktail!
Downstairs is truly a foodie delight.  Our tasting menu was 16 courses, just enough food to leave happy, but not over full.  Their use of molecular gastronomy techniques with every course really make it fun!  Truly fit for any foodie!  We had the wine pairings and they were very well done.   Even the dishware was exotic and made the food look more amazing.  I also loved the use of tweezers to add the small micro greens and finish the presentation.  It certainly not cheap, but in my opinion well worth the cost!  
Whether upstairs for a casual meal of small plates and a cocktail, or downstairs for the most amazing tasting menu, you simply can't go wrong with Root Squared!  The fabulous contemporary space, coupled with the most innovative cuisine in the city, make this restaurant a must for any foodie!We went there for birthday party. The best concept, service and food I ever experienced in New Orleans. The price is very inexpensive for the service they offer.
Way to go guys!!It seems that the LGD end of Magazine has become a hot spot lately for the latest and greatest food adventures in New Orleans.  With "adventure" being the key word here, one spot that any foodie simply MUST try is Square Root.
The atmosphere of the place, for starters, is fantastic.  If the weather is nice, I definitely recommend dining outside on the upstairs balcony.  You will have great views of Magazine Street down below as well as the surrounding neighborhood and downtown New Orleans off in the distance.  The inside bar is also very cozy and intimate.
Now, the food...the menu consists of small plates and also features a large selection of charcuterie and cheeses.  The selection is constantly changing, which I'm guessing is why there is no menu posted online.  So, what you might find on your visit will be a total surprise.
We started with small plates for our entree: coffee-cured salmon with pickled beets for myself; my friend ordered blue crab with grapefruit and avocado cream.  The portions are small, yes, but they don't need to be because the flavors are HUGE!
The charcuterie and cheeses looked too good to miss out on, so that was our "dessert".  We asked the check to pair one meat and one cheese with our wine.  What we got was an absolutely gorgeous board of black pudding and blue cheese along with the accoutremonts: pickled veggies, plums and peaches; blueberry preserves; bourbon-poached pears.  Everything on that board worked so well together, it was like a symphony of tastes and textures!
The most surprising part of dining here was that, for such innovative and intricate cuisine, the prices were not outrageous.  Also, though my friend and I were dressed up for a night on the town, many of the other diners were dressed casually.  So, the dress code can go either way.
All in all, I highly recommend Sqaure Root for a memorable dinning experience.This is very serious food experience, not everything may be to your taste but each plate is undeniably of interest , excellent in conception, execution,  presentation and quality. This place is expensive, $95. during the week, double that on the weekend,tip and tax included.  9 plates on the weekdays and 13 on the weekend.  Wine parings are in the $95. range per person and cocktails parings are $55 per person. We ordered a bottle of wine  ala carte and 2 cocktails plus the tasting menu and the cost on a Tuesday night was $200. per person.   
Was it worth it?   sure...once.
While the food is excellent and interesting, the experience is a bit nerdy and ultimately not really fun,  Nothing about the decor downstairs makes you dream.  Basically the dining room is a large commercial kitchen with some very expensive kitchen equipment surrounded by a wide stainless steel counter.  There are no tables ,basically you sit at the counter, diner style, except the food is sophisticated, inspired and of interest.  
The music is the worst part, mainly because the speakers give you the feeling of listening to a car radio on a drive across Texas badlands. If you are going to play the Beastie Boys and other 80's and 90's favorites you probably need a system that can deliver the high end and some bass.
Too many rules.  We were informed that  you have to arrive 15 minutes before your reservation or they won't seat you.  Really?  When you give your credit card to hold your reservation you have paid for your meal!  No cancellations for any reason.  You must make requests for food allergies 72 hours in advance...even though they take reservations on the same day.  So beware if you have a serious food allergy.
There are only 20 seats.  The restaurant was only 1/3 full on Tuesday night.  Empty except for us by 9:30.  So maybe it is best not to make a reservation just take your chances. 
The service is fine very low key, pleasant but very serious,  there was a thin mist of drear that permeated the experience.  
Even though you are paying between $200 to $400 per person this experience is not about you, it is all about the food. Which is fine , if you like that sort of thing.
.  All the rules having a chilling effect  on the "fun" factor from the beginning,  You feel that many things are not permitted but you are not sure.  They do not tell you the menu because they want to surprise you.  This makes ordering wine ala carte a bit of a challenge. The first two courses were to be eaten by hand, silverware was not available.  Really? You cannot enjoy the camaraderie of going out to dinner with a friends because there are no tables, rather you are lined up at a counter.
,
If you are a big foodie,you should go.  If you are from New Orleans dinner  out is usually about food friendship romance and camaraderie,  On those nights when you feel celebratory or want to go out in a group of 4 or 6 you will not think of going to Square Root no matter how much you like the food. 
Going to Square Root is more like going to a Food Laboratory where the experiments are mostly very successful but you have to behave and follow the rules...and the music is weird not in a good way.If somebody tells you about this place. GO HERE! Do not hesitate. Drop what you're doing - walk, run, drive or drag yourself by your damned fingernails if you have to. You will thank yourself. Max makes something called the Volpino which needs to be had if you appreciate excellence in your drinks. Meat and cheese platters that are so good, you will weep harder than James Van Der Beek? Yep, they have them. It's enough to make a vegan stumble and grin at the guilt - remembering that forbidden and ecstatic moment where they fell. Please just go here. YOLO you cute bastards.I give 5 stars for preparation and imagination. What these chefs do is Keller. Wish for more substantive killer proteins. It ain't cheap. Walk away is..well designed, great hors d'oeuvres. but show me the meat!A must on everyone's list!  If you love food, great service, and appreciate creativity the. You will fall in love with this restaurant.  My party and I opted for the 12 course pairing.  We have had pairings before, but nothing like this.  The innovation, attention to details, and deliciousness never stops.  If I lived in NOLA I would be a regular.  This experience must be reserved in advance and menu changes.  It seats 16 total and you are situated around the kitchen- like the chef's table.Closed for good never to return you guys made a great run and we thank you for the great unusual dishes and desserts.EPIC!  EPIC!  EPIC!  After dining with my wife here on Friday 4/25 I decided it is finally time to write my first review which granted will only amount to saying, "I am so dam impressed with the entire operation at Square Root!"  Truly the highlight of our Jazzfest vacation!  Even better than seeing Phish perform ; )