A must stop in the Bywater. Tender brisket tacos are my fav. Great homemade sauces and an ice cold bottle of Coke!Favorite place in town. I go here every weekend. Their tacos are fresh, homemade and by far the best I had. And what a neat location. If you are having a rough day and want some affordable food to cheer you up, go here. Top it up with delicious watermelon juice!Delicious! 
Messy, in a very good way.  Come hang out in the Day of the Dead - themed alley.Amazing tacos with an amazing outdoor atmosphere. had the specialty chicken taco, pork taco, and brisket taco and were not disappointed by any of the above. Also had the passion fruit juice which was a nice complement.Wow! I will dream about the brisket tacos. You HAVE to get one if you come here. What a hidden gem. I will be back.I should be able to add at least 2 stars to this review.  Because this place is absolutely the best Mexican you will find anywhere around here.  The brisket taco is really the star of the show.  The setting itself is what really makes the place special.  It is basically a couple, cooking tacos in their backyard.   Which adds a rare charm to the place, which is not easy to accomplish here in New Orleans.  The best bang for your buck in the city, I promise you will not be disappointed.  It is cash only, and the food will take a little time,  but it is well worth the wait.   Just listen to some good tunes on the OZ, and be ready to be blown away!We found this place on yelp and he to try it with all the 5 star reviews. They did not disappoint. 6 of us ate there and every one of us thought the meals were great. We had a variety of tacos, Nachos, taquitos and fruit drinks- everything was delicious. This really is in an ally in someone's back yards.This place is fucking solid. Come eat here now. The chicken adobo and brisket are my favorite, but everything is good eatin'. The Laurie special is a treat. Good hot sauce selection too.The bomb. We were staying at an Airbnb nearby and stumbled upon it. Yummy yummy yummy tacos. Super cheap. A must if you're in the area!I am scared to write this because this is a find that I don't want to change by sending a bunch of new business here and ruining my chances for great tacos but Rosalita's is by far the best taco joint in town and also the best food you can get in Bywater. Its only open three days a week but the food here is phenomenal. What makes the tacos even greater are house made sauces that serve as a compliment to the tacos and are outstanding. This is the one place left in NOLA I make it a point to eat here every week. Shhhh lets keep this our little secret.I ordered the veggie burrito and the black beans tostadas. The burrito was so big that I couldnt even get to my tostadas. My boyfriend got the fish, chorizo and chicken tacos and loved all 3 of them! The food is amazing!!!! The ambiance is wonderful. I will come back. Laurie is the sweetest person! Thank you for the great food!!!This place has amazing tacos! It's definitely a place to take food to-go or to not mind eating on a chair. The food is so good that it doesn't matter how casual it is. You order at the window and it's cash only but so inexpensive. I love the decor. I was excited that it was spicy too. I could eat here almost everyday.The hot sauces to select from were not spicy at all. The tacos lacked seasoning. The rice and beans also lacked seasoning. I was a little sad because I've been wanting to try this place for a long time. The ambiance is cute but it's not worth the flavorless food.I really wanted to love this place, but I didn't. The backyard is over run with chickens! There were chickens everywhere!!! The chickens follow you wherever you go and even peck at you. The rooster was really, really aggressive!! When the food came, the chickens hopped on top of the table and began to peck at my food!! So unsanitary!! I didn't get a chance to really taste the food because the chickens beat me to it.Delicioso!!!!!! Amazing tacos! Great hot sauces! Really friendly cool couple/owners! Dont miss out on their great offerings!!!Nice little ducked off spot. Best authentic Mexican flavor in the Bywater. I really enjoyed the fresh juice.This was my first time e but won't be my last . So good , fresh and authentic.  Can't wait to try everything!Favorite tacos in nola. Tried every type of taco and the taquitos. Dig them all. Also great service!Possibly the coolest place I've ever eaten! 
It's tucked away in an alleyway filled with art. In the backyard you'll find a window to place your order. 
I ordered the barbacoa tacos and they did not disappoint. They make their tortillas slightly crunchy and man did they hit the spot. The barbacoa was the best that I've ever had. 
My boyfriend went with the pork and fish tacos and devoured them in no time. We both couldn't stop smiling as we were eating these delicious tacos. 
Cool spot, cool art, cool vibe and killer tacos!
We'll definitely be backMy friend and I come over for dinner. [Am new to NOLA and she invited me to her favorite spot.] I ordered my food and sat in the backyard for a bit. However, I was competing with the flies and returned inside. It would be helpful to burn some insect candles.
My friend's order was incorrect and when she told the women who had taken it, the woman was flustered and unable to resolve her concern. A few minutes late, another person showed up, believe to be supervisor. He did not start with tell me what happened (how can we make this a pleasant experience for a returning client) instead he accused her of trying to get free food! My friend made is clear that what she ordered is not what she got. It was incredibly sad to see my dear friend have this traumatic and racialized experience. If the order is incorrect, (she gets the same thing all the time) it makes sense to me to correct it. Before we left, she tried to share her feelings, however the lade who took her order started yelling at her and saying she had a bad day!!!Delicious, inexpensive Mexican food. The chili relleno was probably the best I've had. We took our food to go because of the pandemic, but I am very excited to go back and eat inside.The food is incredible; everything was fresh and savory. The staff is very friendly. The beverages are delicious too. The ambiance is beautiful and cozy.It was my first time visiting Rosalita's new brick-and-mortar location and I'm thrilled to report that despite the expanded menu and workforce now executing it, they're still using the same high-quality ingredients and careful preparation that made their Alley Tacos so fresh and good. Ordered up front, food delivered 5-10 minutes out back -- prompt and friendly service even with brisk lunchtime business. And now I don't have to walk over to the nearest bar to get a beer to go with it, either. Prices are up slightly likely to account for cost of the building but it's still very affordable and the tacos are filling.I've been wanting to try Rosalita's tacos for a while now. I finally did and it was a great experience. Instead of ordering at the window they now have an actual restaurant which is nice. I ordered the brisket quesadilla and cilantro pineapple margarita. The brisket could have used a tad bit more seasoning but it was still good! My boyfriend ordered the chorizo quesadilla and it was DELICIOUS, the flavor was on point. We also order the taquitos and they were pretty bland, I was disappointed with that but I still enjoyed the experience! The margarita was strong and gave me a nice buzz :) we sat outside on the back patio, I loved the string lights and just spaced out setting! Overall, I will definitely visit again.It's a hidden gem that I'd come across because of Yelp. It's in a quirky neighborhood - surrounded by colorful houses. There's not seating options inside but there's a courtyard in back away from the street traffic. It's a pretty lengthy menu for a small spot. We chose the flour tacos that were off menu. That you can get griddled with cheese. It's a good option to choose - two are definitely filling enough. Service is really friendly - super patient for those new to the menu. Definitely check out if you're craving tacos on Taco Tuesday or any day!I could eat their fish tacos for days! It's a very safe environment with all their tables outside distanced well and theirs outside heaters to keep warm! I would recommend to any taco loversI love this place!! Delicious food, great menu, awesome 'Ritas, lots of tacos, the tamales are my jam, backyard spacious seating, and prices so reasonable it is happy hour all day long!
Order your food in the storefront, grab your drinks and salsa, and take a number to the backyard down the side alleyway and your fantastic food will be delivered to you shortly.
We have been here a handful of times and I try to order something different each time. So far the fish tacos and the shrimp tamales are my favorites! The chips and guac were great. I didn't love the rellanos (too greasy for this taco loving gal), but I love other things, so that is OK.
We have been working our way through the margarita list with each visit. Watermelon, cilantro/pineapple, or spicy, you can't go wrong. We will be back!There's no other match in town to these tacos. Even during the Covid crisis they have still managed to make amazing tacos and service the Bywater folks. We love this place and hopefully they will continue to accept Venmo after things return to normal as they are usually a cash only joint. 
The sauces are homemade and sooooo good. Prices are on point, tacos are the best in town.This little dive joint is funky and delicious. everything tastes great. get one of everything. YUMI came right before closing and the line was still pretty long so this is a very popular place. The menu and drink options sounded great. I ordered a smoked pork quesadilla and a pork belly taco, but they gave me the wrong meat which I didn't notice until I was already home and starving. The food was overall ehh as in it was definitely edible, but it was the end of the night so I'm willing to try again no problem. Love the décor and backyard seating though.This place is a must if you are in Bywater on Friday Saturday and Tuesday from 5 to 9. The tacos are great and they are very reasonably priced. All the tacos are three dollars besides the pork which is two dollars, I have tried the fish, brisket, and fish which are all pretty delicious and they are all topped with a coleslaw. They have some great salads as well! There homemade drinks are very refreshing. It is a very cool setting down an alley and if you are not looking for it you definitely will miss it 
This place Is amazing I am definitely a regular. There is another regular I have seen a couple times and the workers are so sweet gave him a free taco and they really get to know all the customers and you can see they treat them like family! They also have a vegan option that is off the menu on top of there veggie options. This time I got a burrito and it is huge and delicious like always!I am from Chicago and pretty picky because we have a ton of choice with high quality amazing food ..... So ummmmm all I have to say is glorious glorious tacos! I mean everything we ordered was amazing from the smoked pork to the beef tongue. Please support this place! It was amazing and worth the visit.I just spent $30 bucks on tacos and none of them have any flavor or taste. Not teen the guacamole has flavor. Maybe I went on the wrong day I dunno but I won't be back.This place is a must if you are in Bywater on Friday Saturday and Tuesday from 5 to 9. The tacos are great and they are very reasonably priced. All the tacos are three dollars besides the pork which is two dollars, I have tried the fish, brisket, and fish which are all pretty delicious and they are all topped with a coleslaw. They have some great salsas as well! There homemade drinks are very refreshing. It is a very cool setting down an alley and if you are not looking for it you definitely will miss it.Very nice place, outdoors seating, casual and laid back.  Food was great! Definitely recommend and will be back.Great food for the money, especially for the area! I am not a local, but if I was I would return regularly! We ordered take out because our Airbnb was just down the street about five-hundred feet or so. All of our food was still hot or at least warm when we got back so I know it was fresh and it all tasted amazing! Definitely try the Chile de Arbol sauce if you go. Couldn't recommend enough for locals but also worth a trip if you're up to it! It might not be the normal Mexican food you are used too, but it's not too far off the path and is still great food regardless.Absolutely DELICIOUS! It was so good that I didn't even take a picture. Everything was well seasoned fresh etc. Growing up in California I really miss Mexican food and this satisfied my taste! Do yourself a favor stop in. I highly recommend the fresh mahi fish tacos.This was a nice taco experience! All the tacos had really good flavors and cooked well. I pretty much had one of each taco. The line was going outside, but it did move pretty fast and the food was servers pretty fast. There is a nice patio to sit in the backyard and it always smells like bbq pit. The sauces were not refilled but we did caught a little bit of them and they were all good. You can't get tacos and not have good sauces. I recommend if you love tacos.This place was bangin. Everything was very good, highly recommend the steak nachos. Sit outside if you can, 10/10 experience.Awesome prices! Great spot! Even has a decent outdoor eating area. Not much more to say. Will be back for more in the future!The food was excellent!
Came with the lady after doing some bywater rummaging. You order at the counter and go to the back of the house to wait for your food. The outside area is well lit, well maintained and well covered! The food was quick and out, and it was delicious! 
Looking forward to coming back.Super delicious tacos and tostadas! Best Mexican food in the bywater. Love having them in the neighborhoodGreat prices and tasty food.  I was in NO for 13 days.  I am sad that I didn't find Rosalita's until day 12.I'm kinda scared to write a review for this place because I really don't want it to become too 'known.'
It's a small takeout/eat-outside-where-you're-standing place run out of a literal hole in a wall in an alley in the Bywater, and it is absolutely wonderful. Besides the amazing tacos and drinks the prices are fair, and it's located in such a cool looking spot surrounded by some awesome art on the walls and fences surrounding it.
I love the fact that I know about this place and it feels like a little secret I can show off to my friends. It has such a strong New Orleans vibe to it despite New Orleans not really being a strong city when it comes to tacos or Mexican food.
Hopefully they don't get too big and lose the charm, but even during Covid these guys have been an absolutely amazing spot in the Bywater.This is such a cute little spot and very COVID-friendly. The black bean tostadas were delicious, especially with the super smoky poblano sauce, but not very filling. The habanero sauce was extra spicy as advertised. The veggie burrito was good but was mostly beans and sour cream. I would have liked more veggies.Delicious!!! The shrimp tamales with some kinda Mexican remoulade were amazing. The chili rellenos was also fantastic. Ellotes was also very good but came as half an ear, it was so good I wanted the whole ear of corn!No cards allowed. There wasn't a sign that notify customers about this. I placed my order, she didn't accept cards. I would have had to go up the street to use an ATM or go drive to the closet store. (Wasn't gonna happen). I lucked up and found some cash. The menu is small. I will say at least have about $10 in cash. The food was good & my drink was really refreshing. Hair almost got in my cup. The lady who served/ made drink hair was stringy and it almost fell in. A hair net would have been nice. This is outdoors seating. I would most likely take it to go and eat in my car. You order at a window at a alleyway. They have a few foldable chairs to sit.Loving the glow up not only in location but the expanded menu.
The new home for Rosalita's tacos is great and has a huge backyard that I hope becomes a popular hangout once we beat COVID! 
The menu has new tacos and other dishes along with cocktails! The fish taco is THE BOMB! Perfectly battered and fried and the coleslaw is well dressed not to wet so the tortilla stays together well. Brisket tacos is as good as ever and the lengua is perfectly paired with the picked red onions.
Know you can wash down all these good eats with their margaritas and the watermelon one with a solid boozy tasty choice.Best burrito I've had in New Orleans! Affordable food and an easy, relaxed atmosphere. Highly recommend coming by!Excellent tacos! I ordered a tongue, a carne asada and a pork belly and they were delicious, although the tongue was outstanding. Also ordered a spicy watermelon Margarita with spicy salt that was really good. My two sons, pregnant wife, and my other son significant other,  were happy with their orders, but did say that the veggie with beans was too heavy on the beans and not many veggies at all. Give them a five stars because the meats were all cooked in a smoker and the drinks were not water down garbage at all!, and the backyard was very nice!Food: 8/10- it's always been amazing - me and my best friend who lives down the way have been going here consistently since we tried it- love the smoked meats they use - great Mexican food addition in the city and fairly priced !
The people that work there: 1/10
Every time we order we have to joke about what evil tattooed woman is gonna be taking our order- always very rude on the phone and obnoxious in person - tonight was a special one- my friend and I both worked twelve hours days doing things a lot more stressful
And difficult than serving quesadillas- the tattooed Amy wine house looking New Orleans transplant who plague the Bywater grabbed our food and swung it over her head and said "what a day you have no idea"- well lady I do have an idea that's why I'm ordering picking up burritos at 8:45 pm- honestly wish all the staff was fired they suckgreat small mexican plates, really nice covered back patio and some good beers to choose fromThis place is a must if you are in Bywater on Friday Saturday and Tuesday from 5 to 9. The tacos are great and they are very reasonably priced. All the tacos are three dollars besides the pork which is two dollars, I have tried the fish, brisket, and fish which are all pretty delicious and they are all topped with a coleslaw. They have some great salads as well! There homemade drinks are very refreshing. It is a very cool setting down an alley and if you are not looking for it you definitely will miss it 
This place Is amazing I am definitely a regular. There is another regular I have seen a couple times and the workers are so sweet gave him a free taco and they really get to know  customers and you can see they treat them like family! They also have a vegan option that is off the menu on top of there veggie options. This time I got a burrito and it is huge and delicious like always! 
Update: so happy they have a way right now to order (May 2020)...currently text in orders it's Venmo payment (refer to there Facebook page). It was super convenient.  Always have the best burrito/tacos! The best local gem!Two years ago this was a taco shop in an alley- we are so, so excited to report that the full brick & mortar, in all  it's glory, still offers the same delicious tacos & down hone service we remember!
Items of note:
-Brisket tacos
-Fried Fish tacos
-Spicy Margaritas 
I can't wait to come back!Damn, I really hope I just caught this place on a bad night cause there's no way what I had to eat tonight was the standard (or at least I'd hope) 
I understand that these aren't American tacos slathered in cheese and sauce, but because of that, I would expect the proteins to be stellar enough to not really need much else.
I can only speak for the tacos, chips & guac - we didn't try any of the other menu items because it was our first time. Between us we tried: fish, brisket, carne asada & lengua tacos with a side of chips & guac. The chips are super weird, it seems like they're made out of flour tortillas, and ever single one I had was super stale. The guac.... ugh. Just don't even try. Where's the salt? Where's the like? Where's any flavor at all? All of the tacos were huuuuuge let downs. chewy, bland carne asada. fish that's mostly batter. overwhelming amount of thick sliced (not diced) onion. very small amount of meat for tortilla size. dry tortillas that fall apart bc they aren't doubled up. we didn't wait very long after ordering, maybe 10 minutes tops, but somehow everything was still cold? It's weird that they seem to really emphasize social distancing buuuutttttt there's an entire sauce bar with spoons in each condiment that you have to touch to serve yourself, meaning you're not the only one to stick your hand near all those sauces in the middle of a pandemic.  and yet somehow still, even the salsas were bland. 
I wanna give them the benefit of the doubt, so I wouldn't be mad if I was dragged here again by someone else, but I certainly won't be back on my own accord.Great tacos, cute backyard space, amazing sauces.  I'm from houston and I definitely know my way around tacos.  I was concerned they wouldn't be as good as what we have here.  The sauce was better!  The tomatillo. I miss it already.Tacos are my favorite and I have had quite a few in new orleans area.  Rosalita's is my favorite taco spot.  
Most importantly, the tacos are the best in the city.  Rosalita's tacos are not overly complicated like some other taco spots, yet they are still flavorful.  The flavor of the pork in particular is spectacular (and it happens to be the least expensive one so load up!).  All served on traditional corn tortilla that is perfectly cooked - not hard or mushy.  Topped with a light cabbage slaw.  Not drowning in cheese or sauces.   
They offer the perfect selection of everything you'd want at a taco spot (amazing from a small operation). All the meats (chicken, pork, brisket, and even chorizo), fish, and veggie. 
 The price is low every day not just during happy hour.  $2 for pork, $3 for fish, brisket or chorizo.  You can get it in taco, burrito, quesadilla or nacho, and even though they are a 2 person shop operating out of a backyard alley, they even fry up some taquitos if you want them.  They don't slack on the drinks either.  You can get 2 kinds of homemade lemonade, or fruit juice, or a mexican soda.  Love it.  The only other thing that would make it even better would be some house made horchata.  
Lets talk about the location.  For some, its an unappealing alley in a difficult to find spot.  You wouldn't find it unless you are looking for it.  But for me, that IS the appeal.  Its reminiscent of trips to mexico where the tacos are best from a street vendor.  
Sadly, I don't live in this area so I don't get here as often as I'd like and Rosalitas has short hours.  I would highly recommend you make your way to the bywater and experience Rosalitas before some New Orleans law shuts them down. 
A few tips, its cash only, there is little to no seating. Bring cash, and a chair, stay a while, make a friend or two.This is a hidden gem. My colleagues and I wanted to grab a bite to eat and a margarita after work, so we stopped here. I wanted to try authentic Mexican, and Rosalita's has a healthy blend of authentic Mexican and Tex-Mex. They didn't disappoint. Their tacos are made with corn tortillas, but you can request flour for an up charge. Their nachos are made in house, and you can add meat to your nachos. They're really the best that I've had in the city. They are seating customers outside which is perfect if you want to be COVID-cautious. (They have hand sanitizer EVERYWHERE too!)I think that if you wait in that sauna with super high ceilings they should give you free margaritas while you wait.
It seemed like it was taking forever, and as I looked around noticed the windows  open.
I got some tacos to go and the food was great.  But it's like you've got to go through hell to get a bite of heaven.
They should have shirts made that say that.  Either :1) you have to embrace that it is hot  as hell in there, or 2)get a ductless air system slapped on the wall.
Good and hot, hot and good.  Those are the two ways I remember it.Just when you thought the Bywater couldn't fit another jewel on its ornate crown here comes Rosalita's to make you awe in pure taco ecstasy.
First thing first, y'all can take your preconceived notions and opinions on what an authentic taco is and but them right where the sun don't shine. 
I am here to talk about two people that are passionate about what they do and are kicking ass while doing it. 
The menu is pretty straight forward and offers you all the classics. What you should know is that Ian smokes both the brisket and the pork himself and makes the chorizo by hand. His flavor profiles represent lower California which is where he is from but should be more than familiar to your palette. 
During my visit I had the brisket and chicken adobada tacos as well as the chorizo quesadilla. The brisket is short of a religious experience. Tender, smoky, tangy, sweet everything you want. 
The chorizo quesadilla is another standout with wonderful flavors that really blend well with the queso and the thin flour tortilla is the perfect crunchy contrast you want. 
The chicken was good but next to the brisket and chorizo it fell a little short. 
The salsas are a must especially the roasted jalapeños one as are the aquas. I had the passion fruit and wish the sold it by the pitcher. 
Really love their approach and the passion they have for tacos and for feeding people quality food at a great price.I don't understand the good reviews about this place. But then again, it's easy to fake 36 reviews !! 
After the 30 min wait which was understandable, the tacos came out cold and saggy ! 
The meat wasn't even cut up properly, the fried stuffed pepper was so greasy and inedible, the fried jalapeño were barely fried. The takeout containers are janky and everything is covered with foil ...
I don't know if they were having a bad day or they couldn't keep up with the demand but the food was honestly disgusting !! No BS I swear
For 1/5 of the price, taco bell across the street would have been more enjoyable.
I hope I don't get sick from this food ! 
The only good thing about the $50 worth of tacos was the juice that was unfortunately full of ice to the brim. But it was worth the few sips. 
I feel sad to write this review because the guy bringing out the food was running back and forth and I feel for him. The girl at the cashier is showing all of her belly for no darn reason... SMH.
If you are craving tacos, this is just not the place ... sorry, you will undoubtedly be disappointed!Everything was delicious and came out fast. The best is the habanero hot sauce! The backyard was spaced out and warm. Only negative was pineapple cilantro margarita didn't have any cilantroAmazing tacos! Flavorful, fresh, made to order, great customer service. I will definitely eat here again.Amazing atmosphere & incredible tacos! Their home made sauces are packed with flavor from mild to spicy. Perfect for lunch or dinner! Friendly staff , fast service, & very clean as well. 
They follow covid guidelines to the tee; staff all wore masks & gloves, outdoor dining only, & all tables are safe distance from one another. 
If you're looking for authentic New Orleans ambiance, with authentic Mexican cuisine, this place is a must.Rosalita's Backyard Tacos, also known as, Ally Tacos, is a unique experience. You order your food from the ally, through a make shift window.  They are only open on Tuesdays (Taco Tuesday) and Fridays and they close at 9:00 pm. This felt very much like a neighborhood hole in the wall.  And the food is pretty amazing.   We got all the tacos that they offered plus the pork nachos and the chicken taquitos. They only have outdoor seating, and they don't offer a bathroom, so it's a great place to grab some good grab to take home.  It's what you would expect in the Marigny of New Orleans.Such an amazing little spot. Tried it for the first time since we live a few blocks away but was hesitant since I'm vegan (my bf is not) we finally had time to pop over tonight and we're def. making this a regular spot! They had a vegan special and a few different vegan options and let me tell you the tacos and veggie burrito were amazingly flavorful and everyone working was so nice and helpful! Definitely recommend if you're in the bywater.Bang for your buck!! Rosalita's Backyard Tacos is a really interesting spot. There's a pretty good selection (tacos are obviously a center point, but there are things like burritos, empanadas and tamales as well).
In fact the burrito was a stand out star for me! I'm a vegetarian, and the burrito comes vegetarian by default (proteins are an add on). It's 6 dollars and HUGE - could easily be a meal by itself. I know the tacos were a hit in my small group as well.
Lastly, the seating is mostly outside in the patio area. There are heaters but it can be pretty chilly. Be warned!This place has THE BEST food I have ever eaten in my life. The cooks are some talented people. Must come to placeMan, man, man. This place... Sheesh. I really don't know what to say. These TACOS are SO GOOD, bruh. Like no bullsh*t. The brisket and fish tacos-- get in your car, go there, and buy them. I don't want to hear anything from you. Shut your mouth, unless you're putting one of these tacos in it. The flavors of the fillings, the spices of the sauces, the texture of the tacos... 
Man, listen. I give up trying to make you understand. Do what the heck you want with your flavorless life, bro. 
Great prices and great ppl that work there. CASH ONLY.Lovely little neighborhood spot. Food and drinks were delicious along with a friendly staff. Thankful for whoever shared this on TikTokSO, SO Good! Go! We tried the fried fish, smoked pork, chicken and brisket tacos, which were generous and delicious!!! I also tried chicken enchiladas and gobbled them up! Burny cheese on the underside...yum!!! My absolute rec for street tacos that are big enough for your big meal! Plus a cute outdoor area!A friend and I tried Rosalita's yesterday for the first time and were pleasantly surprised. The reviews really checked out. The food and margaritas are really top notch, especially for the price. The backyard is a nice vibe, but I had to deduct a star because the flies nearly drove us crazy. We were surprised that there weren't any candles, traps, etc on the tables to deter them being that the seating is outdoors. Maybe management can address this? Until the weather gets much cooler, I'll be getting my food to go from now on.The tacos and nachos from Rosalita's are AMAZING! In my top 3! The meat is perfectly smoked and soooooo tender.  All of the sauces were tasty, but not really needed. You know how you have a beautifully decorated room and you add a throw just to have an extra pop. Well, that's the sauce!!! Everything is fresh! Did I say DELICIOUS?!?
All drinks are very tasty.  We had alcoholic drinks & non-alcoholic drinks.  Both were nice on the palette.  The watermelon drink seemed to be made with fresh fruit.  Loved it! 
The yard (dining area-there small sitting inside, but I don't think it is currently used due to Covid-19 restriction) is really nice.  It was a chilly day, but the outdoor heaters kept us comfortable.  The tables are spaced to uphold Covid guidelines.  
Leaving the best for last, the staff!  They were all so kind and enjoyable. I mean they really seemed to enjoy their jobs! Who doesn't enjoy great service!Skip all other taco joints, Mexican restaurants and burrito spots...this is the only place you will ever need to go. In a city known for its food, most of the food isn't that great. That is not the case at Rosalita's. The shining star is the brisket taco, with a superb smokiness and a stunning depth of flavor I have never experienced in NOLA, not even at the Joint. A close second are the fish tacos, lightly battered, flaky, buttery and married with some excellent crema and slaw. If I didn't think Saint Roch Market was overpriced and overhyped, I'd suggest they need a spot in there, but Rosalita's are in a world all of their own. The nachos, a sizeable and fair amount, are made the way nachos should be. Don't skip the beverages either, the watermelon lemonade is sweet and tangy like a refreshing citrus version of a jolly rancher. It is cash only, so come prepared. But it is well worth a trip to the ATM. The staff is friendly and attentive, no matter how long that line is...and they work hard. Throw some money in their tip jar, they deserve it. And if you've never worked in service, tip more than you think you should, they deserve it more than you think they do. I LOVE this place.Delicious, very affordable food with great service & cool ambience. Can't wait to go back! Highly recommend!please please Cook the tortillas on a flat top for just a bit before using them in the tacos!Great bright hole in the wall place for tasty tacos and nachos. A must visit when you are in the areaStopped at Rosalita's for dinner on the first night of a four-day trip to NOLA per a recommendation from Bon Appetit. It was undoubtedly the best meal that I had during my stay, and was also the cheapest. 
I ordered the fish taco, the chicken taco, and the pork nachos. Priced at $3, $3, and $6 respectively, it was hard to refrain from ordering the entire menu. The chicken taco was a classic adobo style chicken, and while delicious, was ultimately not that special. The fish taco, however, was perfectly fried and loaded with the perfect amount of slaw. The nachos were loaded and easily could have been a meal themselves. Five sauces are available next to the pick-up window, all described with varying levels of spiciness and tanginess. All were delicious, and you should definitely ask for more sauce cups so that you can try as many as you'd like. 
Next time, I'll bring nips so that I can add them to the lemonade offerings on the menu to enjoy a cocktail with my tacos. My only complaint is the limited hours -- I wanted to come back for the rest of my meals in NOLA, but with only dinner 3x a week, this was a non-option.This restaurant has everything down to a science! You order inside then go to the "backyard" to wait for your order. The food comes out quickly. Everything is made fresh (including freshly fried chips). The backyard has fans, misters, plenty of overhead cover, tables, and water available. This makes for a very pleasant experience, even when it's hot out. All staff was helpful, efficient, and friendly. I had a brisket burrito, which was huge and delicious. The brisket is being cooked in that backyard area and it smells wonderful.The tacos was amazing BUT chickens were everywhere and they jumped on the table while we were eating our food! At least 5 baby chickens and a rooster! 
Chickens ruined the vibe of the place, especially when they jump on the table and attack your food 
Honestly take your food to go ....