We love trying new restaurants around the city. Rosedale has a great space with indoor and outdoor seating. We felt our service was very good too. 
We ordered 3 appetizers and soup to start. The Turtle soup tasted like burnt roux out of a skillet. The other appetizers was not anything to speak of either.  Quirky issues like the warm mushroom salad had very-very little mushrooms on it.  The smoked tuna muffaletta bread was fresh and tasty but had whole olives instead of a olive salad which took over the flavor of the whole sandwich. The Shrimp  hush puppies was really soggy Shrimp corn dogs. 
They need to work out a few issues in the kitchen to keep people coming back. I wish them the best of luck.Edie the Kid says: The grits here are better than the ones at the airport. 
Sunny the Sister says: I really enjoyed sleeping through this entire meal. 
The husband says: Cold beer, bench seating, prison bathroom: sweet. The Shirley temple that spilled all over my lap: skip. 
I say: Susan Spicer does casual: yes! Chill server: shout out to Ruth! Trust us when we say get the Italian broccoli.I am not sure 2 stars is accurate. I like Rosedale but the food and menu are questionable, there are weird food choices on the menu. Today I was with a party of 6 people. Service was good. The atmosphere is fine, lights are to bright for me, and it's very very loud but it has a cool vibe decorations. Appetizers were ok for the most part, the artichoke and bacon dip was like soup..runny not great, served with thin small slices of bread, not enough for the runny dip and the portions were small. The choices for main dishes was weird. I got the lamb meat balls with spaghetti..mushy meat balls I mean mushy..but good flavor, (my dinner wasn't served hot, more like Luke warm) meat balls served over creamy but dry spaghetti..I noticed after a few bites one of my dinner guest didn't eat her lamb spaghetti. My husband had shrimp creole with eggplant..he said the eggplant was chewy and tough. My friend had the Ruben sandwich, not much meat and overly thick bread that looked dry to me. Good news was..Desserts were great! The pecan pie, excellent. Coffee ice cream was very good. Pineapple cake was great. Service was good. Parking is easy. Location is good. This is my second time eating here portions are small even on what they call the big size dishes. I wish they would offer dinner items more in line with dinner food in mind. Another person had the Waffles with fried chicken, I say no thank you to waffles and fried chicken as a dinner choice.My wife and I ate dinner here tonight toward the end of happy hour. The restaurant is in a small unassuming building that used to be a police station. The vibe is kind of "upscale/hipster picnic" in a farm-to-table way.  The servers were very nice and told us about their specials. We had one of the appetizer specials and two of the large plates. 
The appetizer was a smoked drum dip. The dip was very good, but the only problem was it was served with only 6 crackers. 
I had the bourbon fried chicken thighs. This was the star of the night. This was the best fried chicken I have ever had. It was boneless thighs, with a crispy seasoned breading that had a mixture of honey and Tabasco. It was served with greens and mac n cheese. It reminded me of family meals that my mom and grandma used to make. My wife and I couldn't stop talking about this meal. 
My wife had the skirt steak, which was good,but she tried a bite of my chicken first and it overshadowed her steak. The steak was cooked right and seasoned with a spicy avocado cream sauce and served on a bed of  a warm corn salsa with grilled zucchini. Everything was very good, but we kept talking about the fried chicken.Definitely not a great dining experience. We had high expectations that were more or less let down. Walking up to the restaurant you could hear how loud the restaurant was from outside. The sound was amplified once entering. The waitress was very off putting and rude (throwing coasters onto the table and saying ill remarks through dinner) . Felt very rushed, didn't finish eating and she was already picking up our dishes. The food was underwhelming, fair at best, but definitely overpriced. Would not return.Food was ok, service was terrible. We got our food an hour after we arrived, and our kids were completely melting down. Also, the kale salad didnt have any kale in it, just spinach and lettuce. Things felt overpriced, like $7 for like an average piece of avocado toast plus softboiled egg.First we were seated with the sun shining directly in our faces. It was bad enough that you needed shades to see the person in front of you.  Then the apps came and were a letdown.  The shrimp puppies were decent.  The crawfish bisque was different and not in a good way.  I had the biscuits and ham with red eye gravy.  It was so salty that it was near inedible.  The pecan pie was decent but topped with an ice cream that to me ruined the flavor.  I cant say I would recommend this to anyone considering all the other places around that have better food and prices.Let me start by saying that Bayona and Herbsaint have been among my favorite restaurants in the city for decades (Bayona) and so I had high hopes for Susan Spicer's newest venture.   Let me also say that the restaurant had only been open for 2 weeks when we dined there last night and so were expecting some kinks.  Having said that, the restaurant disappointed on all fronts. 
We opted to sit on the patio which means that you order at the bar, get your own utensils and plastic cups of water from a stand and your meal is brought to your table.  Odd when your ticket for one person's meal comes to $39 (without alcohol) but it was a pretty night and we were up for the experience.  First, the bartender misentered my order, forgetting to add my entree, which required that 2 staffers get involved to correct the error.  Although a line had formed behind me, she was very kind and it was a totally forgivable mistake.  However, to save face with the senior employee who came to fix the error, she completely and unnecessarily lied, telling the senior employee that after I had placed my order, I decided to add an entree.  It was such an innocent mistake by a new and sweet bartender that there was no need to lie in front of me as if I wouldn't notice.  Perhaps it was a mistake but I honestly couldn't believe what I was hearing and the person behind me in line volunteered unsolicitedly that he heard it too! Tip to restaurant employees:  if you're going to lie to a supervisor about a guest problem to CYA, don't do it in front of the guest.  
I was on the fence about ordering a chopped salad (not a fan of romaine or iceberg salads) so I asked about the type of greens and was told it was a blend of romaine, radicchio  and kale.  When it came out, it was all romaine. I brought it inside to ask about the missing kale. The bartender repeated that it should have kale and sent it back to the kitchen.  A server came out and explained that there was a mistake and that the chopped salad did not have any greens.  Even though it was known that I would not have ordered the salad but for the affirmative representation that it was a mixture of kale, no one offered to take the salad away and remove it from my ticket or replace it with the mushroom salad which I was told did have greens.  
I specifically asked for ice water with lemon. I was told that the water station was outside. I then asked specifically whether there was ice out there and was told there was. No ice, no lemon, only plastic cups.  I was told that I was to grab my utensils from the water station. Despite it only being 630, there were no forks -- only knives.  I asked for salt and unbelievably a server turned around and grabbed a saltshaker from an occupied table and handed it to me without asking the occupant!  My fried oysters were the smallest I have ever seen.  More batter than oyster, almost like oyster crumbs.  We joked that i must have ordered "oyster debris."  The oysters were advertised as being accompanied by "dipping sauce" which turned out to be ketchup (perhaps with Worcester sauce). Salad was fair. I asked for extra dressing and was brought a bowl with maybe a tablespoons worth.  My Cochon du lait poboy was fair.  Infinitely better Cochon du lait poboys (and ones with more meat than bread) can be found at the poboy festival but I recognize that there are as many different preferences for poboys as there are ways to make them. One guest thoroughly enjoyed his brisket. The other thought his pork chop was fair. My salad and oysters came out almost instantly. One guest had to wait for at least 10 minutes after I got my food to get his salad (which was inexplicably brought out with his entrée). 
Guys, I try to give restaurants the benefit of the doubt and so when I'm reading reviews, i usually reject long-winded ones like mine one out of hand because i hope they only speak to one person's isolated bad experience and don't speak to the overall quality of the food and service.  I hope that's the case with this restaurant.  However, there were so many compounded mishaps that I would feel remiss not sharing.  I also recognize that this restaurant had only been open for two weeks, but after 30 years experience, one would think that Susan Spicer would know how to open a restaurant...I went to Rosedale a couple weeks ago and the food was good. Portions were pretty decent. I had their short ribs and it was absolutely delicious. Their pecan pie was great (although the crust was oddly uncuttable. The bottom layer was just too chewy or tough to even cut with a table knife).  
I'm giving them 3 stars mostly for ambiance and small (ish) portions at a higher price point. I'm glad I tried it. I would recommend people trying it for themselves. The ambiance would have been better if the tables weren't so close together. I could hear everything the ladies sitting next to us were saying. So much so that there were several times when our two tables interacted because of overlapping conversations. It was super awkward getting in and out of the booth seating along the wall because when you stand up between the two tables there is not that much space.
So, great if you like making new friends at dinner, but not so great if you want a private conversation without people ogling the food you order and asking you what you got. 
I would suggest this place to people going on a potentially uncomfortable/blind/tinder first date because if there are any awkward silences they will be filled by the people at the next table's conversation. And that should give you something to talk about or the opportunity to include buffers into your date.My husband was opposed reviewing Rosedale because we love it's out of the way location and believe the more popular it becomes the harder it will be to get a table. We'd like to keep it to ourselves. Well it seems the secret is out. We tend to dine early (5:30-6pm) so when we arrive this past Sunday we have our choice of tables.  The service is prompt but not disruptive of our conversation.  Our orders arrive as we finish the previous course but are not rushed. Refills on our drinks, an old fashion and vesper martini, are offered with perfect timing as they are emptied.  I had the Butternut squash bacon soup special and, for my main, shrimp creole with eggplant (my fave). Tasty!  The noise level increased as more customers began to arrive but, interestingly, we didn't need to increase the volume of our conversation.  Perhaps because we were seated at a window. I highly recommend Rosedale for special, casual, out-of-the way dining and I think you'll love it, too!Excellent food and service. Best garlic bread with roasted garlic. Stoneground cheese grits were runny but manager brought extra cheese which fixed problem, greens and rib debris on top was incredible. Great restaurant!The service is amazing.  I sat at the bar. The bartender was Mike he is amazing. The are closed Monday and Tuesdays. The have an amazing Brunch day and Sunday.  Y'all must try this place. AMAZing and yummie!We went early so there was no crowd or noise like mentioned in earlier reviews.  Great decor and service.  I had the Cochon du lait po boy and it was delicious!  Our table also ordered the grits with eggs and bacon and that was solid.  The star of our table was the warm mushroom salad!  Amazing!  This was enough to bring me back.  Decent drink menu.  My daughter thought the bartender was cute and she felt that was important to any review.Where do I begin?! Came in for a mother daughter lunch date and WOW were we in for a treat! Service, food, beers, atmosphere, everything was incredible! Highly recommend them.Although the prices are very reasonable and the waitstaff friendly, I can't recommend Susan Spicer's new joint. Apart from a wonderful warm mushroom salad, our food was mediocre: drum fillet and--highly recommended by the waiter--lamb meatball pasta, which was generous but very bland. Then there's the noise level. I like the down-home look of the place, but it's all hard surfaces with no attempt at sound amelioration. Add a bar and a television (not muted) in each of the two dining rooms, and--even on a night when it wasn't crowded--it was impossible to have a conversation. I won't go back. .I was so looking forward to trying this new Susan Spicer Restaurant! Unfortunately, the experience was disappointing. The hostess was not happy to see us. Everyone looks tired and worn out. 
The service is we experienced was terrible. Retraining is in order. One of the waiters passed plates over one patron to the other twice. The food was mediocre. I asked them what was the theme of the restaurant and they said West Bank grandma's kitchen. But first she asked me if I was from New Orleans. I may not be from New Orleans but I know how to cook New Orleans food and one thing I do know is that was an interesting version of New Orleans food or more interesting version of what grandma had left over in the kitchen. The attitude kind of ruined it for all of us.  I doubt I will ever come back here.Beautiful renovation, great service, happy hour prices. No idea why this place only has 3.5 stars, but we had a great experience and will be back for sure!The food was amazing and the building is beautiful. It was an old police precinct and there are still bars on the windows in the bathroom. All of the design choices are great. 
I had the avocado toast with soft boiled egg and added tomato and bacon. It was so delicious I actually licked my knife clean, and used my fries to clean the plate. The fries are thick homestyle but totally crispy. I also had the soup of the day which was tomato based seafood. There wasn't a drop left in the bowl. It was so delicious. 
My husband had the cochon de lait po-boy, and he said it was great. He really enjoyed the coleslaw. 
We sat outside because it was a gorgeous day. You order at the back bar and they will bring you the food outside. 
Totally amazing overall. Mondo is one of my favorite restaurants and Rosedale will now be added to that list!Unassuming site with the downside of being VERY loud, at least in the front dining area. Our dishes (turtle soup, chopped salad, stuffed mirliton, cochon de lait poboy) were all in generous portions and all well prepared and tasteful. Pricing was also very reasonable given that it's a Spicer kitchen.Good food. Good prices. Neighborhood feel. Would recommend but would not be first choice restaurant if coming to New Orleans.It's terrific! I stopped in Saturday afternoon to check it out. What a great place! The staff is super friendly. The bartender makes a killer Mojito and the Seafood Cocktail was an explosion of great, fresh flavors.We had a wonderful birthday celebration dinner at Rosedale's. The service was great ( Alec) and the ambiance was fun although a little too noisy. The food was delicious - we had caponata ( delicious!) and shrimp as appetizers. The lamp meatballs were delicious as was the warm mushroom salad. Another person got the venison ragout which they said was delicious.This place is worth it. It's off the beaten path in an old police station. Everything on the menu is super.  Our group tried them all. The service staff is wonderful. It's exciting to find such a great, unpretentious place. It's busy, but you don't feel rushed. I definitely look forward to going back.I literally apologized to our waitress because we live in MidCity and we have never been here before! Wow! What a GREAT meal! Everyone loved their food. The prices were perfect for the portion size. I got the Fried Chicken and it did not disappoint! Service was lovely and despite the size of the building- it's very spacious inside. We have found a new favorite restaurant!Unassuming front of this restaurant makes it easy to miss but that would be a mistake.  An interesting menu of several small and big dishes made it hard for me to decide.  I finally went with the shrimp creole which was delicious.  We also had two of the salads and a few of the small plates.  I thought everything was excellent.  The service is friendly and professional.  I also like the selection wines by the glass, a small list but well chosen.  A good selection of draught beers too.  Definitely will be back.There were a couple different menus floating around, some offering more items.  A bit confusing. 
$18 for 6 shrimp or $12 for 3... odd pricing. I went with the large and was disappointed.  The sauce is watery and not very rosemary at all although I appreciate that the body of the shrimp was peeled, it makes the dish less messy.
The gumbo was again, not bold but bland.  At first impression, duck gumbo? yum, dark roux? great!  But oh, its so watery and bland... not sure what happened here. 
Italian broccoli, described by the waitress as roasted, lemon, olive oil, Parmesan cheese.  It was steamed broccoli with just that.  Nothing restaurant quality.
Mango pineapple upside down cake was good but again, there just wasnt anything special about it.  It was missing something.  I had no need to go back for another bite.   
Service was slow.  The place was less than half full and it took forever to get anything out of the kitchen.  Even the gumbo which should come right out?       
Overall it was just ok.  I like the menu but the execution was poor.  There isnt too much competition in the area so perhaps this is a decent option for dinner but I would suggest going elsewhere.Stopped by on the first night open. The staff was very friendly and attentive. The smoked fish appetizer was snazzy and delightful. The gumbo was terrific. Theses were different dishes than other places in town. The drum was well prepared and very fresh. The fried chicken plate was sweet. It melted in my mouth. The choices for wine was broad and the recommended red wine was spot on. The beer selection, including a strong local contingent helped make the meal wonderful. We were so full that we didn't try the desserts, but we will go back....highly recommended.The shrimp puppies were delicious!!! The tuna mufalata was very different but good. It was refreshing, tasted as if it was missing something. The Bloody Mary was okay, it was bit bland. Atmosphere was really nice, comfortable and cozy, fun. Service was very good, friendly staff.Arrived at 8:30 for dinner last night. It was Friday. We sat at the bar to have a drink before we sat at a table for dinner. The dark haired bartender with an attitude could not have made more noise throwing things in sinks and breaking down the bar for the night at 8:30. 
I asked her if the bar was closing. She replied "no, but she wanted to get things cleaned up before close so they could get out of there. Terrible ambience and rude. 
We left and will not be returning.Great neighborhood gem with both indoor and outdoor seating in a renovated historic building The warm mushroom salad was outstanding as were the lamb meatballs. I stopped with my young granddaughters and the staff came up with a menu accommodation to meet their needs gracefully.Great idea and Susan should be complimented. We were there on a Sunday evening the 2nd week. The Shrimp Puppies were a great appetizer with pepper jelly. We comfortably sat at the bar which gave us a great view if the kitchen. The Spicer family was there...mgr and chef of Mondo, mgr of Rosedale and Susan. 2nd visit was good also in a Sunday evening. Patio is inviting. We tried the avocado & chips which were good. The brisket was at least 60% fat. Very tasty. If you're going to serve fast then make it up in more meat. Broccoli rice cheese side was good. Well be back to try something different. I like the relaxed atmosphere. Good job Susan and Staff!!This is the latest endeavor  by Susan Spicer  and it shows. With the plethora of incredible restaurants  opening in New Orleans no one can open a place that is in any way second rate and expect to make it. This place will defiantly make it. 
  Understated charm is the watchword  in this turn of the century building which once acted as a court house and jail for what was then an outback of New Orleans .  You won't be disappointed !! The decor is simple , so you won't need to dress up. The drinks are world class and made from the freshest ingredients as is all of their food .This is a brand new restaurant. The service was very attentive which was especially surprising because of the huge Friday night crowd. I liked my lamb meatballs and spaghetti, but I didn't love them. The chopped salad had little flavor. The best dish was the oyster gratin.Came here last night for dinner with 3 friends....Ordered rosemary bbq shrimp...7 shrimp for $18.00 NUTS!!!  Too Worcestershirey.  I order the grilled drum...It was good nice porion, but it was cold!  The green garlic rice...way too much parsley not enough garlic...I tried the lamb meatballs pretty good...a little dry, but not too bad. The broccoli and cheese rice was good.  The steak fries and aoili were really good and hot.  Service.....I can't stand when i am finished my meal knife and fork are placed on the plate and the plate is not picked up for 15+ minutes... The wine was really good and great price. Will go again...Great food! Quiet and out of the way, great for conversations. Had several specialty drinks on their Happy Hour menu from 3-6pm daily. The Rosedale Rail was really good! Enjoyed the seared tuna muffuletta and the warm Mushroom salad. Had Eggplant Capanata for an appetizer that was to die for! We will be backAmazing food. Had stuffed mirliton & the best garlic bread I've ever had!  Rest of menu looks amazing. We will be back.I have been a couple times. Staff are great. Food is great. Sat at the bar this time. Bartender was super nice. Love the food and atmosphere. I recommend the turtle soup.We sat on the patio and had the entire place to ourselves. I tried the Shrimp Creole on a slice of fried eggplant with rice. Eggplant is not my favorite thing, so I had orderer's remorse right after I ordered it... but.. It was delicious. Eggplant perfectly fried, shrimp fresh and tasty. Sauce perfectly seasoned. My dinner mate said his food was excellent too. I loved the Abita Boot on tap, nice and cold. If you want to go somewhere after Rosedale, Second Line Brewing is very close by and has a nice outdoor space. I would definitely come back to Rosedale and plan to come check out their brunch one weekend.Went there for a quick bite and drink. Sat at the bar. Great service. Solid beer selection. We had the garlic shrimp which was delicious. We also had the burrata plate and that was amazing! I can't wait to go back. Love the atmosphere and finding parking was pretty easy. I highly recommend this place. Also good for date night!**UPDATE**
went back recently and whoa what a difference! The bar service remained exceptional and the food was incredible! From 2 to 4 stars!
Let me start by saying how much I was looking forward to this meal. A new Susan Spicer restaurant close to my house in an area of town unknown to 90% of anyone in the city in a renovated former city building? Yes please!! Unfortunately the build-up was not supported by the reality. I'll start with what worked. 
Great Bar Service:
Rosedale doesn't take reservations and we were a party of 6 who arrived at 7. I was expecting to wait at least an hour. The staff was very friendly and showed us to the service bar area where we were able to have drinks prior to being seated. The bar service was really great. Since he seemed to be the service bartender and there are no taps or wine in the back, he was running back and forth to the front bar a lot. Even with all that, the beers/wine were great and we didn't have to wait for either (the sure sign of a good bartender). The cocktail menu is really limited but the Rosedale Refresher was excellent. (Suggestion: expand your cocktail menu).
Seating was really fast too. I was expecting a wait of over an hour but we were seated in less than 45 minutes, which I thought was excellent. Between the 6 of us, we tried most of the big plate items and that's when things broke down. I had the Caramelized Black Drum and my wife had the Paneed Pork Chop but others had the Brisket and the Lamb Meat Balls. there was nothing caramelized about the fish so either it was done wrong or they need to change the name because you're not getting what you expect. the flavor was just OK (again, i was expecting something a little more robust considering the name of the dish). the rice was rather bland with hardly any garlic flavor. the mirliton chow chow, however was excellent: fresh, crisp, and sweet. I ordered the Italian Broccoli which was *really* good. maybe a little too al dente for me but it had a great flavor. My wife ordered the pork chop and an order of the cheese grits. The pork chop was thinner than what you'd expect as an entree (at first I thought it was butterflied and I was only seeing 1/2 of it). the breading was OK but not as flavorful as one might expect. The biggest disappointment, however, were the grits. Now, I'm happy to say grits are making a comeback here in NOLA as a side and there are some places that do it up great!...creamy, thick, rich and flavorful...but the grits we had here were bland, watery, and really runny.honestly, it was only a step or two above Quaker Instant Microwave version.
We have a two-visit rule so we're going to wait a couple of months and see if things settle into place. If the food is of the same quality the second time though, there won't be a third time.
I think I'd give the whole experience a B (because of the bar service and prompt seating) but the food didn't rise above a C+.Pretty great little place. Food was tasty, just smaller portions. I like the location and establishment a lot, pretty nice, little bar too. It's earned a place in our rotation since we live in New Orleans, although it's probably more of an "every once in a while" kind of restaurant rather than a regular. They have what seemed like a good happy hour as well, but we were there a little too late to catch it.Excellent restaurant tucked away between City Park Ave and the railroad tracks.  Very reasonable prices for the quality and quantity of food served.  Truly enjoyed the Shrimp Puppies and the BBQ Shrimp.  Will definitely be back there soon.Great ambience, nice to have another great restaurant in the area. Food was excellent. Will definitely be going back.I didn't like it very much. Too bright and food was disappointing. BBQ shrimp was not very good.My husband and I really want to like this place, but every time we try it we leave confused. We love the building and the patio seating facing the railroad tracks. It's close to our house. Their happy hour prices are solid. The food we have tried is decent. What gets us is the service and that they haven't really seemed to find their identity. They advertise specials during the Saints games, happy hour, brunch, crawfish (during season) yet the wait staff treat it like a high end restaurant. We went to the back bar on a football Sunday (because the front bar was more crowded) and when my husband asked if they could put a football game on the one TV the girl behind the bar said "actually, no. The boy tv is up front and we are keeping girl stuff on back here". I'm sorry, what? There were barely any other patrons back there and none of them were paying attention to the TV. Since when does the wait staff preference precede a paying customer? We promptly moved to the front bar and had a much better time with a more laid back bartender. And as a girl who wanted to watch football, I was confused (and slightly offended) that football was on the "boy tv" and whatever celebrity gossip channel she had on was "girl tv". I hope this place shapes up and becomes awesome. I don't want to see it close, and would love to be a regular customer.I love Susan Spicer but this missed the mark! Service was awful, food was worse. I sent the lamb meatballs back because the cinnamon flavor was overwhelming and when I sent it back the service became worse! They brought shrimp creole as a replacement and when they noticed that I didn't eat it all said "oh I guess you didn't like that either". Really?? There are too many great restaurants in NOLA to waste time on this one!!Excellent food and excellent service. We came for Sunday brunch and got the turtle soup, Duck sandwich and huevos rancheros. All were exceptionally made and the flavors were clearly thought out. Don't be fooled by the appearance, the inside warm and inviting, although the outside is deceiving.The food was wonderful! The shrimp and eggplant was so tasty with a sauce I completely enjoyed! The atmosphere was cozy and artistic. The woodwork was warm and inviting. You are amazing Susan. Thank you for a nice evening. HugsI finally visited this spot...I had been given a gift card for my birthday back in January and my oldest brother raved about how delicious it was. Plus I went during coolinary so 3 courses prix fixe? Yes please!
The peach salad was light and flavorful. The catfish and greens, tasty, but OH MY the mirliton chowchow was AMAZING. Now I do love me some mirlitons in all forms (that's chayote for much of the world) and this dish let them shine while putting a new spin. Yum!  I had the Rail to drink...I mean bourbon and lemonade in August is a no brainer. And an ice cream sandwich for dessert which was tasty.
The restaurant was crowded when we arrived, despite the difficulty in getting to it thanks to road closures. And, was it loud, there was a drinking party at the bar and when they left, it was such a relief. While I don't want a restaurant to be library-quiet, I don't really expect the people adjacent to be hollering.Absolutely wonderful meal and atmosphere. Our waiter Alek Was engaging and knowledgeable.  Our food was perfectly seasoned and our drink appropriately strong.
Although not listed tbey modify the menu for children.
I will definitely be coming back again.Very cool building in a tucked away spot. The interior is well done and inviting. The food was disappointing. Really nothing stood out. I have dietary restrictions and am used to having to juggle a bit when ordering off menus, but found it especially hard to order here. Almost everything had gluten, corn and/or dairy and not many options to add on a side of veggies, for example. Had to settle on the chicken, which I usually don't order out because it's often not that exciting. It was quite bland, tasted like it almost hadn't been salted at all and was a bit of strange combination that really didn't work for me. Might be better for less restricted diners, but the rest of my group was also not very impressed. Hope they are able to make some changes.I came here with my wife and her friends expecting a delicious meal.  Susan spicer was there and she has a good reputation so I figured the dinner would be above average.  What I found was under seasoned food, a mediocre wines by the glass selection and bad service.  I gave two stars to Rosedale because I left the restaurant full.  The food was honestly reminiscent of cafeteria fare.  I will not be going back but I do hope for the sake of future diners that they raise the bar.Nice service. Cool vibe. The positives stop there. We've been to Rosedale a dozen times. It is going down hill. It continues to underwhelm. I wonder if Susan Spicer ever stops by and does a bit of quality control...probably not. The short ribs taste like beef jerky.Great place to eat...happy hour is good...food is straight like 9:15....drinks are great...please put this place on your lists to dineThe warm mushroom salad may sound like an autumn flavor, but I think it's good enormously though for all year. Good textures, good taste!Cute atmosphere!
Upon approaching, when drove right passed it because the building is bit worn down looking but only on the outside. The interior is nicely done, very cozy! Oh, parking is a bit confusing or lack thereof so we just parked randomly on the side of the road before the railroad. We wanted to sit on the patio so the host escorted us towards the back bar. You order your food there and take a number and seat outside. 
*Small plates
Warm mushroom salad
Warm soft boiled egg on avocado ciabatta toast add tomato
Campechana
*Big plates
Shrimp creole fried eggplant, rice
We didn't get to try much just mainly appetizers. My soft boiled egg was perfection! I would recommend adding the tomato, a hint of freshness and acidic. The warm mushroom salad and campechana was okay, nothing I would get order again. The menu overall is fresh simple food. 
The overall experience was good, but the lack of parking and flavor may not have won me over. I mean I loved the soft boiled egg, but is it enough to bring me back? I'd have to try some of other dishes to determine that.Service here is always spot on. However, on my last visit, my server really stood out from previous visits. He eagerly described the specials of the day and even helped me to come up with something different and off the menu, to accommodate my diet. I greatly appreciated that!
Food is consistently good! This was my third visit and first time to order something off the menu. Now ON the menu...their bbq shrimp are the bomb!
Cute atmosphere. Cozy, fun, off the beaten path and worth it! Another hit by Chef Susan Spicer! Go there!
Oh, only caveat... wine on tap. Not a fan. I wish they would sell by the bottle and offer a bottle only list, and keep the tap for wines by the glass, to prevent spoilage since they are only open 4 days a week. Just a thought.Amazing! The food was so rich and delicious, and the environment is icing on the cake, literally! So enjoyed our tasty meal and refreshing drinks!Always a Friendly space. Great for a relaxed dining experience with visitors to NOLA. The food.always excellent!This is one of my go to restaurants! The food is consistently delicious and the service is always great. I recently discovered the back patio, which is awesome- especially when you have an unpredictable newborn dining with you! 
I highly recommend the shrimp corn dogs, you won't regret ordering them! 
One thing to be aware of: parking can sometimes be challenging!I want to second (third? fourth?) what other reviews have said: the service here is great! 
Rosedale is so conveniently close to my office, and it makes for a great work-day lunch. The specials are always seasonal and fresh. They've got a great drink special for happy hour as well, although I haven't made it there after work quite yet. At the risk of dating my review: this area is a torn up mess right now, but Rosedale is still open! When the new shiny streetcar/bus transfer stop is finished, you'll have a ton of public transit options to drop you off just down the street. But don't wait, go check it out!Neat building (old Sherrif substation), delicious food (shrimp poppers, shrimp creole, bourbon fried chicken thighs), and delicious drinks (try the Strawberry Old Fashioned).BRUNCH IS A MUST
On Saturdays and Sundays they serve brunch.  They have outdoor seating with umbrellas and large tables and if you sit outside you can bring your dog on nice days. Very affordable meals and the food is amazing. We highly recommend the huevos rancheros which are often on the specials menu. The stuffed avocado with grilled shrimp roumalade   And everything lox bagel are also fantastic. The staff is very friendly and attentive. They were more than happy to serve large groups as well. Overall a hidden gem.11/17/18. Had a wonderful dinner here with a rather large party of 11. I called ahead, 20 minutes, to see if they could accommodate us. They were able to since it was rather early on a Saturday. I did not realize you are able to make reservations for large parties. 
This was my first time eating here. I was not disappointed at all! Great drinks, great food. I don't think anyone complained about any part of their meal. The waitress was on top of things, quick service, didn't rush us when we were socializing.  
I highly recommend  this restaurant! The two standout meals were the fried chicken thighs and the short ribs, even the sides with the meals were amazing. The guacamole app was very fresh and the stuffed fried peppers were very different but very good.Disappointed! Came here for the fried chicken dinner. I wish I could give it a review but they closed before the venue was said to be closing on yelp. 
Now, you'd think the team would understand why I was confused by their closed doors at 8:45 instead so that but instead they were defensive letting us know that they were only open for a few more minutes. Well hey y'all I just an Uber from the French Quarter to try your chicken. I'd think that be something you'd not only be excited about but also capitalize off of. Not the case. Excuse us for not knowing community rules. If you get motivated by the friend chicken photos as well,  call before you go!Found this fantastic restaurant with a great female chef. Had shrimp appetizer with spicy sauce with bread to soak it up.  Gulf fish today was sheepshead with hints of nutmeg and star anise I believe from the chow-chow. The dirty rice had great flavor from pork and duck liver seasoning. Lemon buttermilk cheesecake with passion fruit curd was fantastic. The food was exceptional and great service. Less than 2 miles from Costco.When my parents came into town earlier this month, this was on my mom's list of places that she wanted to go. It's a cute little place in an area that you wouldn't expect a restaurant to be in. The parking situation was weird, but we didn't have to walk too far. We got there around 6pm and had to wait for a 4 top table. We sat at the bar and ordered some drinks. I really like the bourbon/lemonade drink. I've actually made it myself since at home. The bartender was nice enough, but he wasn't super attentive and didn't seem to like answering my dad's questions about the menu. I even told my dad to stop asking questions because he wasn't going to answer them nicely. Our actual waiter once we sat down was really nice, attentive, and answered all my dad's weird questions (he thinks he's funny). So that made up for it. 
We started with the guacamole and to be honestly I wish I just got 2 orders of that myself. It was full of flavor and it was gone way too fast. $9 for the amount of guac is a little steep if you ask me, but hey, it was good. 
I ordered two appetizers for my meal. I got the eggplant capanata with burrata. It was good.  Not my favorite, but good. I wish there was a different texture element in there, but I'm not the chef. I also got the shrimp puppies. I didn't expect them to be on a stick, like a kebab. It made it really difficult to eat because the shrimp were getting caught on the stick. Taste was good though. 
My mom got the cochon de lait po boy and loved it (and she's picky). My dad got a fish dish that was originally supposed to be drum, but they were out and it was substituted with something else. He was cool with it though. My boyfriend got the lamb meatballs. It was a LOT of meatballs and he liked it. 
Overall, it was kind of a weird menu, I'm not sure what kind of cuisine they were going for. If it was "eclectic" then they nailed it. :) It was a pretty good meal, but I don't think I'll be running back there anytime soon (unless they want to lower the price on the guac, then I'll be there!)I finally had the opportunity to visit this new spot in Lakeview, and was not disappointed.  Considering its proximity to home I will probably be here frequently.  Lakeview desperately needed more of this - good, upscale yet casual food for lunch.  The menu was a bit limited (only two sandwiches on a lunch menu?) so, it you have picky eaters or those with limited diets, check the menu before going there.  I had the cochon de lais po boy.  It was delicious and perfectly cooked & prepared.  The wines-by-the-glass options were very limited too - only one of each option.  In typical New Orleans fashion, on the outside, this place looked sketchy but once inside the furnishings and other decor were very warm, comfortable and inviting.Cool place, great food, good cocktails, nice happy hour, usually good service.
Small menu. All of the food is nicely prepared. Interesting combo of flavors that seem perfectly matched and don't overwhelm. Have had the yogurt chicken, the gulf fish, and the bourbon chicken and each was great. Portions are not huge. 
Happy hour til 6 even on Fridays. Service is usually great. Same guys are extremely welcoming and accommodating, even when we are with our kids. Super friendly, helpful, transparent about options and questions. 
Although on our last visit our server left a little to be desired. And a little amateurish... She tried one of those chain restaurant upsell tactics that we noticed she did consistently with other tables. After ordering and taking menus away, she came back and leaned around another table from a distance and pretended to have forgotten to ask us whether we wanted some garlic bread with dinner. "Sure sounds good"..... Oh but by the way, that's actually a menu item appetizer, not just complimentary house bread accompaniment... It's only $3 so not a huge deal - but that seems to be that server's ploy because we heard her do it with other tables afterwards. Leaves a little bit of an annoying last impression that doesn't seem worth. Come on, this isn't Chili's. We'll be back though because that didn't seem to be the typical style/culture there.What a cute place! I think it was an old police station. Has a really comfortable vibe with outdoor seating as well. They boil crabs and crawfish when the season permits and they are actually really good and only $5 per pound. You can order potatoes, corn and sausage for extra. They also serve happy hour bites and cocktails. The staff is friendly and attentive. I've been a few Friday's and definitely recommend this spot.So I found this place after leaving the chaotic downtown area. Am I so glad I did... I ordered shrimp puppies, delicious! The ceviche was refreshing and tasty to the last bite. My husband got the gulf fish with dirty rice, the pineapple and pickles really made for an amazing, delicious kick! Anyone in the area, should definitely check this place out.Dinner tonight with another couple was great.  All had sandwiches, meatloaf and gulf shrimp were excellent.  Sauce on gulf shrimp took it from good to suberb..Not much negative, but certainly nothing to write home about.  My wife and I tried the Coolinary options and if was simply okay.  Personally, I think $68 is a bit over the top for an "okay" lunch.Excellent everything.  Crab pasta was killer.   Ice cold beers and laid back atmosphere.Extremely hospitable environment. 
I went with my husband but I think it would be a fun place to go with my girlfriends as well. 
I liked the back sun room and when the fall rolls around we will definitely go back and enjoy the outside seating in the back!
Food had nice flavor and I was impressed by the size of the wine pour with the flight options!
Great place!This restaurant was literally steps away from our Airbnb and it did not disappoint! Our table had a variety of dishes and each was delicious! We recommended they pair the turtle soup and sandwich as they complimented each other very wellFood was great and flavored to
Perfection. We were just stopping through before heading home and it was worth it. The mimosa are strong but that's a good thing or 4.00. They don't taste bitter.Our party of five had an great meal at this small, distinctive neighborhood restaurant. Came on a Wednesday, sat outside,  and everything was wonderful! Drinks(had a wine special in effect) were spot on, the chips and guacamole were incredible. Then the entrees...the five of us had four different plates and I don't have idea how you would line them up in order. But special mention must go to the chicken thighs and the meat loaf sandwich. At the table, we also had the sweet potatoes and steak fries. Both were amazing. One must come here often to take advantage of all their various dishes. I know we will be back!Only came for Happy Hour, as we had already eaten earlier. It was a pleasure to see Susan Spicer there going over that evening's menu with her employees, and making sure that everything was up to scratch.
HH drinks were well made, and the bar staff very friendly.
We've eaten at Bayona's before, so we will have to return to Rosedale to compare.The wife and I went on a Friday night hoping for a quick meal. The place was packed but hey had a 2 top right by the front door so we took it. Because of the crowd, I thought this might be a nightmare. Was I wrong. A great young waiter named Hunter acknowledged us immediately, took a drink order and served us fairly quickly. We ordered the turtle soup and bourbon sauced chicken thighs. Again all was served promptly and the right temperature. How they did this so flawlessly was amazing. I didn't give it 5 stars because the parking is abominable. BTW, it's a great lunch spot. Not as crowded.