If you need bike service in New Orleans, this is your place. Extremely friendly people. Had 2 biles tuned up this week, fast turnaround and very reasonable prices.Family vacation in Nola. Found this great cafe. Best cappuccino ever! Staff very friendly and accommodating. The store is part cafe part bike shop! Food was great. Great friendly environment. Would definitely go back.This is a great find (coffee shop & bike shop) and a great way to see New Orleans.  Everyone was very friendly and great quality bikes to explore the city.  Oh, and bonus points for being a coffee shop to so you can get caffeinated before your ride.Led a group of 8 meeting-goers over here for lunch. Everyone was pleased with their food and I got to check out a cool spot from my bookmarks. The service was friendly (on both the café and bike shop ends) and I have a sweet new shirt to wear quand je roule.A bistro with a cycling aesthetic, plus minimal gear as far as I can tell. While I'm an out-of-towner, I didn't know what to expect but was underwhelmed on my one and only visit. I dig how they support local events like The Rouge and perhaps to locals it provides services that I didn't see. But if they fix bikes at the same speed as they made my cortado..... you're in trouble.They just remodeled the front part of the store and added a beautiful coffee shop offering pastries. The vanilla ice latte was divine. It's such a nice addition the the downtown area.Nice and bright little space! We stopped in for lunch since it was just down the street from our hotel. I had the turkey sandwich and my boyfriend had the chicken salad. Both fresh and filling. Free wifi, outlets to charge your phone, good waitstaff. They also put out a humongous bowl of water in the front for pets passing by, love that!Cool concept with the café/bike shop. 
Everyone I spoke with seem chill and relaxed.
What I didn't like was the rental bikes. they were old heavy and sluggish.
The single speed with coaster breaks were tough on this old guy.
I did have some fun and traveled about 10 miles on the bike. It's a great way to see a lot of Nola.Refund the money you owe for orders you never fulfilled Wes. Buyer beware, if you pay $ down for kits. Thief.I love rouler! Service is really important to me and they knock it out of the park every time. It's a great place to get work done- the light is great, the coffee is great, and they have beer for when you are done with your work. They also have tasty sandwiches and they double as a bike shop. Seriously I can't even fathom how this place does so many different things so well.Do you like bicycles? Do you like looking good whilst riding bicycles? Do you like excellent people who will go above and beyond for you and your bicycle? 
If your answer is yes to any of the above, then this is the last stop you need to make in New Orleans. 
Rouler is a small, mobile company that provides the sort of attention to detail that truly defines Boutique; as such, the service is entirely unparalleled and the quality of his products unsurpassed. Wes, the Pedalist-in-Charge, is as passionate about cycling as your average Tour de France winner, and it definitely translates to the superlative care of all that which he touches. 
Does it get any better than looking fantastic in a Rouler kit, your nether regions nestled in comfy chamois, your body comfortable in a professionally fitted bike, and otherwise enjoying all that is good in life? No, my friend, it does not.
I truly feel thankful to have Rouler as my local bike tenders. It is the sort of company that makes one feel entirely taken care of. I will continue to support them even if I ever have to move away, and anyone fortunate enough to be in the same city would be crazy not to.Iced latte and croissant hit the spot. The AC was pumping and the place was buzzing. Welcoming, happy staff. I'm not a hipster, but they made me feel like oneI got their ham and Swiss croissant. It was one of the best croissants I've ever had. Coffee with chicory was good. The ambiance was comfortable, so I stayed for a long time. They were very welcoming and assured me I should feel free to ask for as many refills on my coffee as I wanted.Really cool place! Awesome vibe with great music and relaxed seating. In the back of the store is a bike repair shop with help readily available (accommodated guy in need of tire repair within minutes). Friendly staff, rocking waffles. Check it out!I LOVE Rouler!  
They serve up French Truck coffee, which I think the best in the city, and delicious & filling healthy food options.  I love that they have a rewards system, too--this is a basic motivator that I can never understand why more places don't implement.
The staff is always warm and welcoming with a side of wit, and they do their best to remember their regulars.  
The space is gorgeous--plenty of natural light, cool midcentury modern design without being pretentious or unapproachable.  I love to have meetings here with my coworkers and with clients.  
It's awesome that it's dog friendly too, and they keep the entire place clean with fresh flowers on the tables.  
Great spot for locals and for tourists to hit before heading into the quarter to fuel up.  Oh & they do bike rentals, and these are way better quality than those blue bikes...so yea, get with Rouler.Rented a bike here. For me it was the best way to see the city and the most fun I had. ( I don't recommend riding in the garden district. Bad roads except st Charles and felt the least safe) esplanade to city park & the French quarter were great!!
Super helpful when I rented the bike, returning it was a bit weird, but that's ok , it all worked out
Better price than the blue city bikes and more discreet plus I like to support a brick & mortar biz 
Great fun!!Great spot for Coffee and a quick bite. Croissant was flakey on the outside , chewy in the inside and buttery perfection. Egg cups were also delicious. Owner/operator Wes is a solid dude.They just remodeled the front part of the store and added a beautiful coffee shop offering pastries. The vanilla ice latte was divine. It's such a nice addition the the downtown area.Had an early morning business mtg here, so I only had a cappuccino.  It was good and strong, they also had other menu items that sounded tasty so I will get back to try. But how unique is it that they have a bike shop in the coffee shop?  Not just any greasy bike shop but an upscale shop, with apparel and bike supplies. Super cool for the neighborhood residents.  Will try this place again soonNot sure about the "bike shop" but it's a really cool location and has amazing customer service! The food is good and the espresso is even better....
I'll definitely be back to buy one of those dope water bottles and maybe a pair of bibs. Keep up the good work and I'll see ya tomorrow!Yeah this is the best coffee shop in New Orleans.  I came here about 300 times last year.  Quick hitters:
--Dog friendly establishment, woof
--Seriously good eats, ask for the Hampton breakfast sandwich
--Best cafe au lait in town, hands down.
--Beautiful, embracing a lighter aesthetic, the opposite of the Starbucks-oak-look, with big tall windows everywhereRouler is not only an awesome coffee place but it's an exceptional cycling resource! Wes and his staff are very knowledgable and friendly. From bike fittings to custom bicycles, they've got you covered! Plus the coffee and food is amazing!Stopped in to get my bike fixed and stayed for a prosecco. Staff was very nice. Espresso machine was broken but being worked on. An update will be given when I can enjoy the full experience.Wes was recommended by a friend when I mentioned that my bike was not fitting me quite right. Wes came to my house in his red Rouler wagon, put my bike on a stationary trainer and put me on the bike and adjusted several different bits so that now the bike fit is excellent. Wes is knowledgeable, efficient, and pleasant. I highly recommend him for bike repairs and adjustments.Great coffee. Went for a walk and decided to get a coffee. It was perfect. Sandwiches looked very good and so did the bakery area. Nice little place.So happy I found this place! I was in New Orleans for a conference and this spot was on my way from my hotel to the conference. The coffee here is amazing and the pastries and breakfast items are great. The service is excellent - would definitely recommend.We rented bikes here last year. They were so easy, friendly and reasonable that we actually rented for a couple of days, not just the one we had planned. We will definitely be renting from them again. We stay in the CBD so it is very convenient, but even if you stayed in the Quarter any where near Canal it would be worth the walk.Wes and his crew are amazing!! Rented bikes and Taylor helped get us safely onto a terrific bike path and on to the city park. Rates are fair and bikes are well maintained. Little coffee bar is great and has Topo Chico!!!!!Review of the cafe side, I don't have experience with the bike retail side but it looks really cool Nice people, friendly personable service. Had the bagel with lox which I've had at many other places and NY cafes so the expectation was high. The Rouler bagel and lox is excellent, it comes with pickled onion, cream cheese, tomato, delicious large capers, and greens lightly dressed with a balsamic vinaigrette and it's a very nice touch.People are rude here, and the food is awful!! DO NOT waist your money here. I will never return here again nor recommend this place to anybody.Re lindo!
Es una mitad de cafetería con tienda de bicicletas en el sector financiero de Nola.
Abre bien temprano gracias a dios porque llegué a las 7 am y necesitaba un lugar para morir y tomar café.
El café muy rico y me comí un blueberry muffin recién salido del horno que era un placer en todo sentido.
el local super limpio, cómodo, moderno y el staff re copado.
Plus, BICICLETAS. Rarísimo, pero funcionaba.This cafe is right around the corner from my apartment downtown, and I walk past it every day and finally I decided to walk in on a Sunday morning.
The crowd was good, and the atmosphere for a coffee shop was very quaint. This place repairs bicycle and the Tour de France is on so that's a reason why this place is packed.
I decided to order a Chai Latte with a shot of expresso and the drink is very good. WAY less sweet than a Starbucks. The staff was very friendly and prideful. The food selection is of your typical coffee shop, and the pricing is fair for the location. 
I will visit this place more often, and will update once I tried some food.Wes is the dude, man - he run's the show here, and he never hesitates to offer his bike stand and assortment of tools for my use!  Whether I'm getting into installing new tubes and tires, or replacing a chain and crankset, Wes lets me go to town.  And when I get stuck, he's there to help with advice and guidance.  Oh, and while working, I usually enjoy a cappuccino and lox bagel, or a cold beer and energy bar (depending on the time of day) - Doesn't get much better than this place!  Great atmosphere - great gear.This is such a cool place! The caprese sandwich was awesome and I'm sure the other sandwiches are as well. The ciabatta is perfect, which is my main criteria along with thick, fresh mozzarella. It's so cool that it doubles as a bike shop with bikes hanging from the wall. And the crowd is super hipster. There are plenty wooden tables at which you can park and work. I'd definitely give it a try if you're killing time in CBD.Rouler is a little piece of cyclist heaven just off the bike lane on Baronne. This place has everything a commuter, weekend warrior and social rider needs from shirts and socks to a shower and locks. There is also a great coffee shop and lockers perfect for that downtown commuter that wants to ride his bike to work, shower, change clothes and grab a cup of coffee on the way to the office. Any fan of cycling will love this place and its also a cool looking spot to hang out at. Bike parking is available.Wes came out asap to fix my back tire for only $20. Really polite guy and had it all done in less than 10 minutes. I'm really glad I didn't have to walk my bike all the way to a bike store! It was super convenient to have him come to me. Would recommend to anyone who wants a quick repair and can't (or doesn't feel like) dropping their bike off at the bike store.*WONDERFUL ENVIRONMENT*
Brunch: Pastries, Waffles, Eggs, Bagels & Glass Bottle Cokes. Relaxed Environment. Live Music (Seasonal). Vegan & Vegetarian Friendly!!Excellent staff, great coffee and wonderful service on bikes.  They are not afraid of taking on complex problems with bikes.Rouler is a really cool coffee shop in New Orleans Downtown area! I think it was meant for bikers to take rests during their bike ride. Coffee was pretty good, may not be the best, but overall cool experience! Interior is filled with painted bikes  which adds uniqueness to the design of the cafe!The pedals on my trike (yup adult trike) was acting strange so I took it to this place to see if they can figure it out. The owner took apart the pedals and worked on it for about 5-8 mins. He put it back together and rode it down the block, then told me the issue was fixed. He charge me $20 for his labor, something that should have cost $8-10 at most. My mistake, I should have negotiated beforehand but since he said the issue was fixed, I shut my mouth and paid. I got a pricey sandwich from the cafe and chilled for a bit. When I got back on the trike, the issue wasn't fixed (he knew this and still charge me $20 anyway) and to add insult to this situation, my chain started slipping off a day later. I feel cheated and taken advantage off. I don't know if he charge me the bougie-hipster rate or he just took advantage of me. Either way, I don't trust this place and won't be returning. I found another shop to fix everything for $5 (Shout out to Dashing Bicycles!!)Good coffee - espresso drinks, cold brew, everything. Good choices of eats, too. Cool bikes!I dunno know about the coffee... Only the sparkling water and the bike service, lol. 
All about the bike service, lol. 
Speedy responses to messages here, courteous service and the truth about your bike's needs. 
I messaged from the help app one evening and was invited to drop my bike off that evening to be serviced the next day as the mechanic had already left.
Got a call the next day with an estimate for the work that was necessary and some suggested things that he could see I'd need down the line.  The pricing was really reasonable & the mechanic really knew his stuff. He didn't pressure me about the extra maintenance, but he did give me enough information to let me know what to expect as the time for getting those things done drew nearer. 
I pretty much take my bike over to Rouler anytime it needs work... I trust them with my wheels; maybe next time I'll try a sandwich, too.I purchased a new pair of cycling shoes last month, and despite matching the cleat position with my previous pair of shoes, my left pedal stroke felt completely unbalanced. I asked Wes to help me identify the problem. At the time, I was considering purchasing a new bike due to perceived handling limitations during harder efforts, so Wes measured my dimensions from the ground up. Wes identified a couple of key deficiencies in my fit. Most importantly, the 20 mm setback seat post I purchased last year put my knees way too far behind the pedal spindle, even with the saddle in the foremost position. Additionally, Wes determined that my stem is slightly long, and my left leg is considerably shorter than the right.
Ultimately, Wes recommended I buy a zero-setback post before I replaced the stem or considered insoles or shims to resolve the difference in leg length. After a week with the new seat post, I can say that Wes was dead on the money. My pedal stroke feels even more fluid than before I purchased the new pair of shoes, and the handling has improved considerably - enough that I am no longer purchasing a new bike. 
After having experienced several bike shops in the area try to resolve numerous mechanical problems by telling me to replace hardware without even thinking about the problem (which is how I ended up with the setback seat post in the first place), it is very encouraging to know that someone in the area is actually working for my benefit. The price of a good fit can be a turnoff to some, but in my case, it ultimately saved me the $3000+ cost of a new bike minus the cost of the fit and the replacement post.
Wes is clearly passionate about his work, and it really shows through his diligence and attention to detail. I would highly recommend Rouler to cyclists of all skill levels but ESPECIALLY to those who are in the process of researching a new bike.We stopped here because my husbands two loves are bikes and coffee. What a cool concept. The staff was quite friendly and attentive and the owner was pretty cool too. I like the history of the name and the decorations. Nice spot to have a little breakfast and maybe go for a ride after.Coolest place downtown for your mid-ride espresso! Post-ride (or work lunch break) the sandwiches also provide a little taste of Europe -- they are named after famous cyclists and feature locally sourced cheeses from St. James and artisan bread from Gracious bakery. Plus, the staff can fix a flat on your bike!  I am eternally grateful that they stayed open late for me one night when I was stranded downtown with a flat.  Staff was super-friendly and got me back on the road in no time.Wes has saved my bacon more than a few times!  As a small business owner myself, who uses bikes as part of our delivery service, I truly appreciate Rouler and specifically Wes' attention to detail, flexibility and reasonable rates.  I can't recommend Rouler highly enough.I've been here twice. The first time I was going to a show at the Civic and I stopped to get a coffee before the concert. The second was today. Like anyone I got hobbies in life. One are the bicycles, the other is the coffee. So Rouler seems to be the perfect place for me. And it would be if the baristas were awake. The two times I was here I ordered very simple things, the two times were done wrong. Three years ago in NOLA there was almost no good espresso places. Now the thing changed and that must be reflected in the finesse of the baristas. But I am not talking about a little and subtle detail in the flavor of my coffee, I am asking about ordering a Macchiato (a espresso with a little top of foam, is not that complicated) and I get a espresso shot mixed almost 50-50 with milk and foam over it in a little glass, the one they must use for the sparkling water. Really kind people, really, but bad coffee anyhow. Probably I will never come back to the place. I did not order anything strange, I ask for an essential. If they don't know how to do that... The place is beautiful, and the bicycle store are gorgeous, and like I said, they are nice and kind, but I am not going to fix my bike everyday and I don't go to places to meet kind people. One reason to come back often is the coffee and... Well, you know.My bike needed two new tires, and I was looking for a place Uptown that could fit me in on a morning when I was over on that side of town. I sent in an appointment request which was promptly responded to by Wes, who was friendly, knowledgeable, and flexible with his availability (because this is a small operation, they don't exactly have regular business hours). After a few email exchanges, we set up a time for him to come to my house (in the Upper Marigny/7th Ward) and he made my bike good as new in less than 30 minutes. He doesn't charge extra for house calls, and he even charged me less than the price I was quoted, which was a pleasant surprise since I'm still a poor grad student.
Overall, I'm really happy with the work he did for me and my bike, and he's the first person I'll call if I need gear or tips in the future. HIGHLY recommended.They just remodeled the front part of the store and added a beautiful coffee shop offering pastries. The vanilla ice latte was divine. It's such a nice addition the the downtown area.I had a Caprese Ciabatta sandwich, awesome. The bread was divine. The staff excellent, good people. Only thing is they need a better beer selection. Might want to put a tap with some local brews. Most definitely will go back.Wow, what a fantastic addition to the neighborhood. 
Everything at Rouler is exceptional. The food is clean, fresh and tasty; coffee is excellent, pricing very reasonable but best of all; the concept is amazingly unique and works perfectly. 
For first timers, the concept is a coffee shop / bike shop. Never seen it before and it's an enjoyable mix. The little touches are so appreciated. Huge picture windows, reclaimed materials for furniture, well-designed service flow, non-disposable utensils. The attention to detail even extends to the spotless bathroom. Very unique. When is the last time you saw cloth hand towels in a coffee shop??
Ambiance - 5+ star
Coffee/Food - 5+ star
Service - 5+ star
Must try: egg cup @ $1.50 
As an avid urban and rural bicyclist, it's a pleasure to welcome you to the neighborhood. Wes & Zach, thanks for creating a gem!   
I have not used the bike service yet, but sure it will match the rest. 
PS I noted the 2 star review and was perplexed until I saw this was the highest rating that particular reviewer has given. LLOL, congrats!I have yet to personally go in, but I have placed a few orders and had a sandwich from a group order at the office.
I love their sandwiches, they have a rustic approach to the bread making which gives everything a handmade feel and makes me think it's coming from another era.
Their bike shop sells really fun water bottles that are a treat to send to family members that no longer live in the city, but appreciate little touches that scream NOLA.This lovely little coffee shop/bike shop is on my way to work in the morning. I stop in for the coffee, the great customer service, the congenial customers (and their dogs), and the amazing savory "cruffins". Half bike store, half coffee shop, Rouler is a unique New Orleans joint that is welcoming, clean, smells good, and knows how to treat customers. I also love that the bathroom is stocked with CLOTH towels, and has a shower for bike riders who want to freshen up. The music they play is always interesting, and the counter help are genuinely friendly and helpful.I've never been to a bike shop that is also a coffee shop, but me gusto! It's also pet friendly (they have dog treats at the register!). 
The staff is always friendly and greet me with a warm smile and hello. They move quickly and they make a meannnnnn dirty chai! 
There are lots of outdoor seating, a high work bench in front of the window, and a long table in the middle of the shop. It has never been too crowded, so seating and spacing isn't an issue.
They also sell really cool looking bike gear. I think they repair bikes on the left side of the shop. 
Totally a hip spot to get coffee in the CBD.If you are looking for an alternative to the same old coffee shop, then this is your place. 1/3 bike shop, 1/3 coffee shop, 1/3 restaurant. That equals 100% awesome in case you needed help. Super friendly staff, great coffee, and delicious food. Did I mention they have cycling events streaming throughout the shop? Beats the news! If you're in the area, I highly suggest you stop in and pay a visit. You get to support a local company and earn cool points.I came in for a couple reasons. I needed a bike tuneup for Rosie (my faithful road bike), and I got breakfast while I was there. 
On a Sunday, I made an appointment online for Tuesday and got an email response Monday morning. After a short back and forth with Wes, I was good to go. I arrived just after 7am to drop off Rosie. The employee working labeled her and took her over to the mechanics' area. I then ordered breakfast - 2 bacon egg frittatas and a milk.  The frittatas were just as advertised - eggy, bacony, and hot. And the milk was, well, milk. 
I came back for lunch just to speak with Wes and the mechanic about any bike issues. After speaking with them, I had some lunch - a BLT on ciabatta, sweet potato chips (pre-packages bag), and a strawberry banana smoothie.  The BLT was excellent.  Very basic, but good fresh ingredients.  Same for the smoothie. 
All in all, I really like this place.  The prices for both food and bike work are completely reasonable, especially for downtown. And the staff are very friendly."NATURE'S FECUND BLESSING"
Vanquished! Today was yet another 90 degree, 70% humidity morning in New Orleans but Rouler had me covered. Not only was the AC pumping but they even had cloth towelettes for those of us soaked in perspiration. 
A CAFÉ FOR THE ATHLETIC
One of the unexpected joys at this bike-cum-coffee-shop is that most of the patrons' and staff are fit (as opposed to some vegan or vegetarian eateries where many, in my experience, are bloated from unhealthy diets of starch and sugar). The vibe here is youthful and wholesome, as if "Meauxbar" had a daytime counterpart. And like its nearby doppelgänger "St James Cheese", it's squeaky clean.
FRENCH TRUCK COFFEE!
Strong bona fides in their own right but there are perks too. A $5 iced comes with $2 refills and a loyalty card. 
My only suggestion: install light filtering shades. Those beautiful large windows render most of the seating unbearable during morning hours.I purchased merchandise from their online store. In addition to having awesome stuff at a reasonable price, Wes sent a handwritten personalized note with it. My boyfriend loves his new shirt and service like this doesn't go unnoticed!Nice bike shop/coffee house? I'm not a big coffee drinker so I can't speak on it, but the people I know that have had the coffee here say that it's good
Personally, I like the lox sandwich here. They give you a pretty healthy serving size and have a good balance with the capers (if you like lox sandwiches, you know they can really go too far with the capers)
It's a nice little CBD spot that also has super cheap game day beer, so be sure to hit it up when the saints have a home game. Probably the best beer deal downtown when the game is onBike shop + coffee and food? Life is complete! We heard about this shop from one of their mechanics while in a group ride and had to check it out. The menu is impressive with a variety of coffee drinks and food items. We ordered the portobello wrap. The food is cooked when you order! This ain't no refrigerated vegan wrap made a few days ago! The shop filled with the smell of balsamic vinegar as he cooked! Come check this place out to eat and chat with the employees about bikes! Bring your bike if it needs some TLC too!