An Oasis from busy, loud, Royal Street.  You can make your own tea bag, you can jump on their wi-fi or you can just sit and relax in the quiet.If you like really really bad service then this is the place for you.  We ordered our food and coffees when we were the only customers there.  The guy working there made our coffees and then a procession of new customers came in.  So he waited on the customers on the line instead of making our food.  When we checked back to see where our food was, he was rude and nasty.  After about twenty minutes he finally brought out our food.  We suggested that an apology might be in order and thats when the s..t hit the fan.
In a city filled with the nicest people in the world, we found the worst in this place.A hidden gem when on the search for a cheap breakfast in the FQ.  My vanilla latte was divine.  My egg and bacon biscuit was a-ok.  Definitely worth popping in and sitting in the courtyard to enjoy a quick cup of joe!  This is also a tea drinker's paradise so if there is someone in your group that is tired of chicory coffee or doesn't drink it at all, take them here.I don't understand the reviews... we're talking about the same place... but our experience sucked.
Tea ("For Here" we said) served in Styrofoam? Espresso was pulled like a regular cup of coffee with no creama. No bagels, no croissants, no clean spoons (the girl working there said "they're all dirty and no one has done the dishes yet"). The place was empty of food stuffs and people and staff. Cute courtyard, but who cares if you can't start off your morning with a decent bite and drink.Long excruciating wait for coffee. Seriously slow, but the courtyard is so nice!!!This place was just what I needed after a long day walking around the French Quarter. I got a tasty pumpkin pie iced coffee drink and settled myself in the courtyard with a book. There was a welcome breeze blowing through. This is my favorite little hiding spot.Sooo nice to just sit in the courtyard with a hot coffee or cold hazelnut soda!Decent coffee set back from the street. Generally I've found the coffee in New Orleans to be quite foul, Starbucks awfulness seems to be the norm. This place serves a decent coffee in quirky surroundings and is quieter than most due to the location. Recommended. The cookies are good too.3.5/5 surprise!
you wander through a little alleyway, and pretend you're a pirate. you emerge, and keep pretending. walk up the to counter and great iced coffee AND blood orange lemonade await you. strolling through the quarter is a great leisure, and being able to grab a refreshing drink in a little hideaway is great.While I'm not a coffee drinker, I still love this place. I love the tea selection and the pastries and the adorable courtyard! Support local small businesses! Get your morning coffee fix here!!This little coffee shop is a whole in the wall.  I got a cup a coffee there and thought it was good but not great.stopped in nearly every day during my vacation. cute spot, warm sunshine, just run-down enough to be charming. bathroom was out of order for the entire week I was there, but nothing's perfect. really appreciated the tea selection.
pretty limited indoor seating, but lots of space on the patio area.First- the owner or manager lady was incredibly rude to me and obviously very nice to the next lady in line- for absolutely no reason other than she might not have liked my lipstick- she had never met me before in her life.  Also- they do not grind their beans just before brewing espresso.  Do not waste your money here.  The food was great but they do not understand the value of a good cup of coffee or how to make it.  After understanding the incompetency of the place i will not do business there again.  Oh and the lighting is horrible.Really unique coffee shop to linger and relax. They had a great courtyard where the sun shone through the banana tree. The tea selection was extensive and the coffee was strong and inexpensive. The bathroom was a bit dingy, and the inside of the coffee shop itself was a bit rundown, but the courtyard made up for it. Also, if you're not a fan of second hand smoke (I'm not), it might annoy you that some patrons use the courtyard for chain smoking along with their coffee. Also, the free wi-fi for customers gained them at least one star.Amazing chocolate croissant. When I go back to New Orleans, I'm definitely stopping by. My peppermint mocha was also delicious and the barista was extremely friendly. The coffee shop is kind of hidden and might appear a bit sketchy but it is definitely worth it! Cute little courtyard area available as well as a few tables inside.Yummy pastries! Friendly staff! Great pricesThis is my favorite coffee shop in the city. 
Being immediately around the corner from my workplace, I spend many a days/hours/dollars at this coffee shop. 
I find their courtyard is a great place for meetings, hanging out, or just getting work done. Aside from their courtyard, their coffee is the bomb. Among my personal favorite iced coffees are Coconut (ask them to do it up like an Almond Joy....YES! ALMOND JOY!), Fudge Pecan, and French Vanilla. 
Feelin' hungry? They have food too. In my opinion, its some of the best potato salad in the city. Mmmmm.My favorite coffee place in the French Quarter. Pretty, quiet little courtyard, several tiny linked rooms inside if it is raining.  Charming, freaky staff -- just an overall pleasant experience.very pleasant hide-away from the maddening crowds of the french quarter. peaceful and quiet rooms w/tables where you can leisurely enjoy your coffee of choice and rest your feet. there's a laptop you can use to check where you've been, where you're going, where you are.
lovely little tables are in the courtyard - but if you're a nonsmoker, stay indoors.
downside: my delicious iced viennese coffee had way tooo much ice and didn't last thru too many sips.Love this place. It's tucked into the interior of the French Quarter and offers an inviting seating area and delicious coffee and baked goods. I recommend the Americano.I'm in New Orleans on a work trip and was on a mission to find a place with wifi to make my office for a couple hours. With Starbucks as a backup plan, I wandered around the French Quarter and stumbled across this incredible courtyard with a free wifi sign outside. 
Can't recommend this place enough. The coffee was great and I've been working away all afternoon from the best office ever! Plenty of indoor and outdoor space and good music playing quietly in the background. Did I mention the coffee was great?Great soy cappuccino! Best I had in all of the French Quarter. What a relief to find decent coffee. Good bagels, really nice service, comfortable and pretty quiet. The bathroom is SCARY though. Is it on some "Haunted NOLA" tour? The place is a bit run down and could use a paint job, but when I need my espresso I don't really care.A friend referred this place to me and I've enjoyed it ever since. It is a great little hidden away cafe on Royal Street. I go there often for their deli sandwiches and flavored coffee blends during lunch. You enter through an alley tunnel that opens up into a courtyard.  The deli is in the back of the courtyard.  The courtyard is a great place to sit outside and soak up the weather on a beautiful day, away from the hustle and bustle of the busy French Quarter streets. 
They have great looking pastries, in addition to healthy lunch options. Go there for outdoor ambiance and their sandwiches!A lovely little find, this coffee shop has a charming courtyard that is a welcome respite from the hustle and bustle of the streets of New Orleans. If you're looking for a place to sit a spell, this is prime real estate. 
They've got your typical coffee varietals, homemade hot chocolate, and some pretty delicious chocolate chip cookies. There's a coffee shop cat that makes his/her way throughout and the staff is friendly and helpful.Hidden gem.  Love this place.  Dont tell everyone tho.  Great courtyard.  Great coffee.If you blink you will miss this place.  It is a neat little hipster place on Royal.  We went for lunch because it seemed to be one of a few places that were open on Tuesday and had what we were looking for.  Both of us ordered chicken salad sandwiches which were good, one of us got chips, one potato salad (it was tasty) and both got drinks.  There were two people working when we got there and ordered, Brad and Mike, but soon one left for the grocery store and things got hectic.  Our order took 15-20 mins to get to us.  
The place has a computer for customers to use at no charge, which is great, but the lady who we soon found out was crazy couldn't understand it wasn't something that had to be there and work.  The computer had a blue screen, she was getting worked up which took the one employee that was left away from our orders.  She was talking about this is hell, yap yap yap, this place should blow up, yap yap yap.  He took a few secs away from the orders and went to reboot the computer, great.  However, after the re-boot she got the same blue screen.  He tried telling her that he had customers, the computer is not guaranteed, etc.  But she complained enough that he went back to re-boot the computer again, wait with her until it re-booted and the internet explorer came up.  This was a bit overboard as we were STILL waiting for our order.  
Working in the industry I understand being torn between customer service and making someone wait.  She should have waited, this is an eatery not a computer store that serves sandwiches.  The lady clearly got on his nerves as when he got back to the counter some slamming of things, kicking things, and general signs of frustration showed.  Not the best response to the situation.  I agree the lady was nuts but I would've told her she had to wait until it died down and he would try and correct the computer when he had the time. Honestly, I was ready to just tell her to have a seat and think about buying her own computer if she wasn't happy with theirs.
There was no apology for the delay in the food which would've gone along way.This is a great little coffee house that's inside a FQ courtyard. I would highly reccomend it to anyone in town and staying in the quarter.  The coffee is good, the breakfast food is solid and most importantly of all the courtyard is unique.Stopped in for a drink while walking the the French Quarter. Delicious lemonade and limeade!Thank you Yelp for suggesting Royal Blend when I searched for "bagels" while I was staying in the French Quarter. I came on a quiet Sunday morning with my mom and sister, and we loved walking into the outdoor courtyard that felt like it was a million miles away from Bourbon Street! We ordered 3 bagels with cream cheese, a cinnamon roll to split, and 3 drinks (hot cocoa, chai latte, and an Americano). The price was very reasonable and we paid about $20 for everything. We sat outside in the courtyard because the inside of the shop smelled very strongly of cleaning supplies. The outdoor area also smelled faintly of cleaning supplies, but it wasn't bad. The outdoor area was pretty and clean. I saw another table being served with a delicious looking bagel platter that had vegetables arranged with sprouts and avocado (I'm definitely getting that next time!). For some reason our food was not served to us, and our order was yelled out from inside of the shop. I went to get everything and one of the employees noticed I was struggling to carry everything and helped me take everything to our table. 
We all loved the food (the bagels tasted so fresh!), and I loved my Americano. However, my mom and sister did not enjoy their drinks (I tasted the chai latte and agree that it was not good). There was also an adorable friendly orange cat wandering around the courtyard-- the perfect touch!
I will definitely be back to Royal Blend the next time I'm in New Orleans!Teeeaaaaaa! 
Good gods, they have tea! 
And such a range of tea. I thought my little Aussie heart was going to explode. I was about to sell my soul on a corner of rue bourbon for some tea... 
But then, like magic... or maybe it was the faint smell of tea leaves, we saw the sign that had a tunnel that opened up to a magic tea land/garden on the other side. 
You can mix and match your own blend or stay true to one blend. They also have coffee and cakes. 
Honestly though, why come to this haven for coffee? 
Tea all the way dahlinks!Still one of my favorite places to stop and take a breath and have a cuppa (iced or hot) and maybe a snack.
The staff is efficient and polite. The sandwich (lunchtime) I had was tasty and my customization was handled perfectly. My iced tea hit the spot. And the space is relaxing and cool on a warm day.Had a passable cappuccino here.  The coffee beans were nice,  but the milk had been overheated and the froth wasn't great.Went in as they were closing, so we didn't get to sit in the courtyard. But the guy was very friendly and helpful, even though it was obvious that he was ready to leave.
I love the little teabags, which you can leave to steep as long as you'd like depending on how strong you like your tea flavor.
The hibiscus tea was great. They have another hibiscus base that's blended with lavender and something else that smells great. I'll try it next time.
I also like that they have made they're own simple syrup for sweetening. Also have honey available.
I may even go soon to get some tea to have at home.Great little sanctuary to get away from the bustle.  Coffee is horrible, service unfriendly.Pretty good coffee, very good ambiance, and (the few times I've been) a great staff that's friendly both to us visitors and their regulars.  Nice hole-in-the-wall, pretty much literally.  You'll run into readers and musicians between their shifts on Royal, students pretending to study while daydreaming, and us dumb business travelers looking not to be found for a few minutes.The Royal Blend, my husband wanted to come here as he was in search of a cup of coffee that did not contain chicory and he found it here.  He enjoyed the coffee and said it was exactly what he was looking for.  I enjoyed a nice glass of Black Iced Tea, strong and brewed well.  The desserts looked nice and they serve sandwiches as well.  
The shop is located down a little tunnel, which leads to a quaint and peaceful little courtyard, it would be a pleasant place to sit and read on a nice day.I wish I could give 0 stars.  I actually just went in to get get some water, tea, and use the restroom, this past weekend. First time, last time.  First of all, the employees were very friendly.  However, I went to the bathroom and about lost it.  It was like someone spilled a port-o-let on the floor...however-the toilet was semi-clean.  Pretty sure they clean the toilet and NOTHING else.  I'm serious, dead roaches, feces, (and urine I'm sure) on the ground, and the toilet was clean.  That means an employee had to see this pathetic state and step through it to clean the toilet.  If I wasn't in such pain waiting for a rest room, I absolutely would've walked a mile to get to another rest room.  Then, I had to take the key back inside.  Noticed exactly how dirty the cafe area is too, and was soooo glad I had only gotten drinks not produced at this establishment.  I think I'm getting nauseous just thinking about this place.NOT CLOSED AS STATED IN YELP great little shop. Pic doesn't do justicehmm. It's funny but the thing I like about this place is that it never seems like a tourist place to me. It's the coffee shop I always go to in the FQ because it is like a little oasis from the desert of tourism that the Quarter has become. I've only ever seen locals, usually people who work or live in the FQ in and out for a cup to go or people reading the paper. The coffee is consistently good.Surprisngly quiet. Three shots in my latte for less than $4...winner! Great for a casual coffee-work session...and some Peter, Bjorne, John  is gently playing near the counter.Hospitality = GREAT!!! A Cozy off the street local authentic flavor, you'll love it!...A great place to avoid the watery drip coffee and 2,000 calorie fat-fests of many FQ breakfast options. Great espresso, wide variety of leaf teas, and tasty bagels and sandwiches. The courtyard is a little oasis from the sticky bustle of Royal St.This is one of many establishments tucked away back in a courtyard. Great coffee beverages served by talented baristas. Free wifi and wonderful outdoor seating in the afore mentioned courtyard. This is also where the voodoo walking tour meets up.
A great, chill place to have a cup and relax.Coffee is great - fun little shop to sit in and free wi-fi. Why four stars? The bathroom is scary - the door really doesn't lock.This is a super cute little coffee shop in the midst of the French Quarter. I was surprised by the location because it was so tucked away. I had passed it twice the day before walking around and barely saw / noticed the sign above until I was actually looking for it one morning.
I love that they were open early, and the staff was very friendly, especially since my tourist self was trying to snap photos with my hugigantic DSLR while putting in an order for a soy latte and a mocha. 
The soy latte was delicious, I loved their caps because they were very innovative although I'm not huge on their styrofoam cups ... but apparently the mocha was pretty delish too. They have a large selection of sandwiches, muffins, bagels etc so it's also a great place to grab a quick bite in the morning.This review is based largely on the wonderfulness of the interior courtyard. I had a morning to kill, so I brought a book, bought some coffee, and sat in the morning sun. The coffee was decent. So the whole experience was very enjoyable. 
But Royal Blend is a prime example of the French Quarter as a unique Disneyland for adults. On the one hand, it's clearly a tourist joint. I was there for three hours on a weekday morning and I can't say that anyone was a local. Royal Blend also embodies that cute courtyard, big easy experience that everyone expects in New Orleans. So in many ways, I feel its a constructed experience for tourists. But on the other hand, it's a little rough around the edges. It's not clean and sterile like nationwide chains. It feels authentic. So while sitting there, I was like "I'm having a real New Orleans experience." But then I'm like, "No, that's what they want me to think." But who's they? And why am I thinking so much about this? Why am i getting paranoid about vacation?
i mean, it's just coffee.Strange little coffee house with a courtyard.  Went here while killing some time before my flight home.  Coffee was OK, but nothing to write home about.  The staff were very nice and sweet.My boyfriend and I love their cold brews - perfect for a hot and humid New Orleans summer! The place itself is very quaint and homey. Also, check in on foursquare and receive a free flavor shot or size upgrade.LOVE.  How cool is it to walk off of Royal into an old courtyard surrounded in history and drink coffee? Clerk was so friendly! We could've sat here for hours admiring the architecture and history.Overpriced cafe. Pastry and hot cocoa were average. The courtyard outside of the cafe was nice and the spirit tour meets there.Possibly my favorite coffeeshop in New Orleans.  Drinks are solid and the snacks seem fine (I don't think I've ever tried any, but they look nice!), but it also had the added bonus of being a little more hidden and having a great patio.
I don't drink anything but black coffee, so I can't comment on the taste of the more elaborate drinks, but they did appear to be expertly prepared.What? It's 10:30am on the weekend and you're looking at the ungodly line for Cafe Du Monde from across the street?  Take your picture, check in on Facebook then take the nice little walk over to Royal Blend.
Reasons to go:
1) No stinking lines
2) Incredible NOLA-style coffee; they are not stingy with the shots :D 
3) The pastries kick the competitors pastries in the junk; try the cheese danish
4) Mike--Dude is a stud with 5-star service and great personality
5) This is where locals go
6) It is close to the waterfront and the Bourbon S
Reasons to avoid:
1) Need a key from the desk to use the restroom.  If someone already has the key and they are taking their time, you might be in a world of hurt.
2) Sometimes a particular tour gathers in the courtyard for a launching pad.  Once they leave though, it's just you and the hipsters staring at your phones.Had never been to the FQ location before.  Only knew about the one on Metairie Rd.  Got an iced mocha and it was pretty darn good.  Definitely a cool location with a hidden FQ courtyard and inside seating as well.  There were bunch of cats around and interesting local looking characters enjoying the nice day.  I would definitely come back the next time I'm in the Quarter.What a wonderful place to sit for coffee--a green courtyard set back from the rue, an incredibly talented street musician out the front door playing something exquisite on her violin--really A+ for atmosphere, and the drinks were good too. Bathroom could stand to be cleaned and hand santizer or soap added, still, a bathroom! A restful spot in the French Quarter! What's not to like? Good tea, too.Avocado, Tuna and Bean Sprouts Sandwich served with a Mocha Latte, while sitting in the atmosphere of the Courtyard in the French Quarter. Priceless.  Owner/employees were extremely kind and nice.  Even comped my Lunch! Can't get any better than this in the Quarter.  Relaxing, peaceful ahhhh..... Royal Blend, thank you!!This is my first day back in Nola in about five years.  I took a run this morning through the quarter looking for a non touristy coffee shop, where buying coffee wasn't an experience.  While Cafe Beignet almost sucked me in, the busy over touristy counter turned me off.   Just as I was about to surrender to Starbucks, I found the Royal Blend.  This is a simple, normal coffee place that feels Local.   Yes there are tourists, but not the bawdy camera kind.  The customers are smart looking, local workers, or artists...I'll be back tomorrow with a book and some time to chill in the courtyard.  The cats are pretty nice too.Cozy tea/coffee shop just an alley away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarters. They offer filters on a do-it-yourself tea shelve lined with a variety of leaf choices.  Great place to take a break.A coffee shop that makes you nostalgic for NOLA? That may sound weird, but I've been coming to the Royal Blend for 12 and a half years. It's quite the find, as you enter through a brick hallway to a stunning courtyard and then in the very back, you enter the coffee shop. 
You'll get a decent cup of drip here (there are a few varieties) and fantastic espresso drinks. They also have sandwiches (which isn't obvious, so you may need to ask what they are), pastry and light snacks. 
But it's not the edibles that make this place a must go. It's the courtyard! Such a DIEvine experience to be sitting there at a wrought iron table as you drink your first (or tenth) cup of the day. A visit to NOLA wouldn't be complete without at least one stop here.This is one of the cutest coffee shops ever.  In a beautiful restored building with a quaint and quiet courtyard to slip away from the madness of the quarter. The coffee was very tasty and apparently from a local source, worth the stop if you want to relax from the chaos and slip into another era where you really can enjoy why the city is the big easy.amazing chai.  most places around town use the prepackaged oversweetened crap.  royal blend makes their own spicy masala chai.  just like mom used to make...you know, if my mom was from india.There is a poem, by Richard Brautigan, that states:
Sometimes life is merely a matter of coffee
And whatever intimacy a cup of coffee affords. 
I once read something about coffee. 
The thing said that coffee is good for you;
it stimulates all the organs.
=================================================
It has a been a week of blessings and I have been in good spirits and drawn to those spaces, with great settings, that are inspiring.  This morning my friend Kristen needed a quick breakfast with coffee and a space to do work.   And we were of to the Royal Blend for my Royal Friend. The barista was helpful in listening to our expressed desires and matching a drink that would best fit us.  Plain ice-coffee for her.  Vanilla iced coffee for me.  Not vanilla syrup mind you, but actual infused coffee grinds...very nice.  
The outside courtyard setting is beautiful as well: tables, umbrellas, large framed plants that make you feel like you are in a secluded rain forest, and super friendly cats who think they own everything! You, your table, your computers, your books, LOL Everything.  So fun!
Things to watch out for:
-mosquitoes
-small breakfast optionsGreat little coffee shop half way from St Peter to Toulouse across from Court of Two Sisters.  Thermos coffee given out in styrofoam like most of New Orleans but brewed a fresh pot and gave it to me for free even though I had already drunken 1/2 of it.
Great service and the bathroom locks now even if is a bit grungy.  Great oasis away close to Jackson SquareGreat little coffee shop in New Orleans. Easy to miss so look out for it. Sweet little courtyard where you can enjoy a perfectly brewed cup of coffee. Make sure to stop in if you are in town.Great local place for a great cup of coffee!  Sit and stay awhile in the peaceful courtyard.Nice place. Cute courtyard tucked off of the busy street. Loved the banana trees! A/C,wifi, relax. Tina melt was good.This cozy haven embedded in the bustling French Quarter street - or should I say rue, Royal - might be the most quaint java joint I have ever stumbled upon.
You are first greeted by a charming courtyard that are so wonderfully ubiquitous in crazy city of New Orleans. Big, overarching mossy trees cast a whimsical blanket over the courtyard populated with tables, tourists, people working away solo, and the like.
There is no table service, but it's nothing but a skip to the barista station where a very nice fellow greets you with a warm smile and eager to take your order. The inside is small as this indoor/outdoor cafe boasts more of a breezy atmosphere, but what the indoor lacks it makes up for in adorable, somewhat kitschy knick-knacks, artwork, and furniture. If I am ever lucky enough to visit New Orleans again soon, I know where I will be grabbing my morning, afternoon, and evening coffee.Good iced coffee, free wifi, and not so crowded outdoor seating make this coffee shop a nice wind down destination. Not sure why there are like 4 cats roaming the courtyard but they look friendly.  Kind of.Got an amaretto latte: Coffee tasted burnt and bitter; could barely taste the amaretto.I loved this place. Upon my arrival to the FQ from Florida I saw a few places to have coffee that had no personality and no one drinking in them. I asked a vendor on Bourbon Street where was a good place and he told me of Royal Blend. It wasn't marked well off of Royal St., but I so dug the location and how you had to go through a corridor into a Shangri-la-ish courtyard, where you could sit and smoke with your bevvies. Espresso was great and the guy working was super cool. Check in on 4 square and you get a free upgrade in size or a flavor added to your coffee.soo happy with my iced coffee. it was perfect. and cool/cute outdoor patio to hang out.Since I was just typing about this place, I thought I would review it.  I am not a coffee drinker so let's get past that.  But I love this place.  The ambiance is great; you can sit outside in a courtyard.  The place sells a variety of teas (iced & hot) and snacks.  
And I agree I mostly see locals.  Maybe the tourists are out looking for a starbucks?I'm confused by the hype. It was ok but the baked goods were generic and the coffee was just okay. It is a quiet courtyard and the prices were affordable. It was a passable stop but not worth revisiting.Have to recommend the Old Metarie.  Love their chicken salad, and adding avocado and bacon is a great way to ramp up the flavor (and the fat content!).
Their coffee is solid and the owner is extremely nice.
Plus how can you beat coffee in a French Quarter courtyard?I had high hopes for this place cause it is so cute and mom&pop. I ordered a cappuccino cause I didn't want anything strong but it tasted like an espresso. However the setting is just adorable. It's outside, there are banana trees, and you go through a tunnel to get there.I have been here a few times. It's a great place. The folks are always nice, the courtyard is an idyllic place to sip on a beverage, and read a book while snacking on any number of their delicious sweets or sandwiches. 
The only thing that keeps me from giving them 5 stars is their....sigh...tea. If you are not crazy about tea...ignore the rest and go enjoy yourself a damn good cup of joe in their beautiful courtyard. But for those of you that take your tea slightly more serious, continue.
They have a great selection of tea, don't get me wrong. Good loose leaf tea; kept in nicely sealed glass jars. However, for a place that presents themselves as somewhat of a "tea house" it falls disappointingly short. First off, having good quality tea is a waste if the plan of administering it consists of just burning it in overly hot water attained from the cappuccino machine. Secondly, a "tea house" usually has things like teapots. 
Essentially what this is, is a Coffee Shop, and like any coffee shop they serve some tea. The tea they serve happens to be loose leaf, but it is still served in coffee mugs (or paper to-go cups) and in scolding hot water.Be careful or you will miss this hidden oasis off of Royal street.  Great coffee and excellent ambience to enjoy it in.I stopped at this lovely courtyard cafe on a walk through the French Quarter for time-killing and souvenir-buying one morning. I always love when coffee shop offers amaretto as a flavor (some don't) so I enjoyed a delightful cinnamon roll and latte with my book, some late morning sunlight and a lovely quiet cafe atmosphere before Jazz Fest.Dreamiest place to work with a laptop for hours ever! Good food too!What a beautiful courtyard. The med blackberry limeade was only $2.67. Great price for a beautiful spot to work on a summer day with a cool drink.The is a very cool little coffee shop off of Royal Street in New Orleans.  I went there in November 2010, and you have to walk through a small brick tunnel into a small courtyard and the coffee house is at the end of this little courtyard.  A very nice atmosphere, and private setting for a break from shopping on Royal Street.  I would go back.  The prices were reasonable as well.