Visited this place while visiting New Orleans. Came back two more times before I left. Really fresh fish and a great sushi chef. Staff is awesome and very welcoming. The manager there took great care of us as well. I highly recommend this place if you want some good sushi in the French quarter!I'm sorry to report that my friends and I seem to have gotten a mild case of food poisoning from eating here last night.  Even my friend who ordered the vegetarian ramen was not feeling well.  I've spent the day nauseous and experiencing severe stomach cramps.Love this place!!! Sushi is so fresh and the rolls are so unique. The hand rolls are delicious and the rolls are to die for. I tried a sushi roll topped with mango.... my goodness!! Amazing! They also have ramen,  which I regret not trying. Everything we tried was delicious!!!!Great spot 4 blocks from where i was staying! Seafood was fresh and the rolls were very good! Had to gave some sake as well, they have a good variety.Every time I come here we receive exceptional service and the sushi is the best in town. I also recommend the soup. Fantastic.They did such a great job renovating this space.  There food is excellent.  Our shop orders from Royal Sushi 23 times a week.  Great lunch specials!  We get the Sushi or Sashimi Bento Boxes and the Chicken Katsu along with Tempura or Gyoza and everything is well made and fresh!  They are a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  Try em out!So this restaurant just banned our orders w/ no explanation !!! We never really got what we ordered w/ changes( even though we paid for them...) I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone ever!!!!!Oh my god, worst 20$ i ever spent. I got the ramen and the hibachi fried rice - chicken...the chicken tastes fake and rubbery/frozen in the ramen and the hibachi fried rice... I'm so mad I came here, I recommend Asuka instead, would've gone there, but there were closed today. Asuka uses real chicken in their hibachi fried rice. The only good thing about this place was the broth and noodles in the ramen, but the hibachi fried rice had no flavor. Not ordering from here again. *OH and they put way too much green onion in everything.Excellent food. Great service. Conveniently located near the French quarter..................Not a bad place, but the food quality isn't great and they expect a $20 as the  smallest oreder from 3 blooks away. REALLY?
I'll probably not order from here again!Wow. Prompt attentive service, really tasty and fresh sashimi. Excellent quality and variety in the sushi rolls. To often one places rolls all seem to blend together, here we ordered a variety and they really stood out from roll to roll.
Definitely will return, I can't wait to dive into some udon.Great flavor to the house ginger salad.  The sushi was fresh.  The staff was attentive. I saw several people get the ramen noodles.  It looked great.  Wish I could try them out.  Maybe next visit.   Good spiced Bloody Mary .Awesome food and very attentive staff.
We had the Ramen and it was amazing! And a huge serving! We also had the tempura shrimp and vegetables, it was done perfectly!
My husband and I split the meal and were both stuffed!Very fresh sushi!  Excellent, excellent!  Pink Lady great. Super casual. Great location. Definitely worth coming.nice place. nice food. really fresh sushi. and nice service. But just too many flies. they are annoying.THAT RAMEN THO!!!
I also love the Geisha Kiss roll. Their food is fresh, healthy, and delicious. Fast service when dining in it picking up. Friendly staff and a nice atmosphere. Royal Sushi is a great addition to the neighborhood and I hope it lasts, as the last few places in this location haven't stayed long.Absolutely amazing, I have no words to describe how good this place was. The sushi was some of the best I have ever tasted. If you like spices I would definitely recommend the white ninja then I also loved the bourbon roll and hidden dragon. This place was astounding and I would go here for breakfast lunch and dinner if I could. If you walk past this restaurant then go in because it is amazing and I will definitely go again. Overall love it. Service was also absolutely amazing and the only thing was wait time but it is sushi it always takes long. Love it!I have my 2-star rating based on:
Ramen 2/5
Royal Sushi 3/5
Unagi roll 3/5
Service 2/5
The ramen soup (we ordered spicy tonkatsu) is good, but the ramen noodle is terrific. The noodles stick together, and is not well cooked (see picture). The ramen noodles is very yellowish and tastes subpar, and it actually surprised me with a 4.5 rating in Yelp :)
We also ordered Royal sushi, which we thought it should be a highlight of the restaurant - and it turned out disappointing. The raw fish is not very fresh, and really tastes average compared to other restaurants I previously had been to. Unagi roll is better, but not surprising.
The restaurant is located in a quiet place that took us time to find. Even though we were the only guests during the time, the server, maybe recognizing that we did not enjoy the ramen, hurried us for several times. Eventually as we were still eating, he sent the check to our table. 
This restaurant is considerably cheaper than others I have had (a ramen noodle soup for $9.95). Yet, I would prefer to spend some more for a better ramen. TheThis place was empty which I thought was weird. The sushi was mediocre and the soy sauce was just way too salty.A nice surprise in the French Quarter.  We decided to give this place a try since it was right around the corner from where we are staying.  The rolls were fresh and the staff was friendly.   We tried the Dragon roll and King Cake roll -  both were really, really good.   The gyoza was good, not spectacular.  They seemed like the ones you get at Costco.  No biggee on those though, the rolls more than made up for it.
Pros:
Drinks are fantastic!
Fresh and tasty rolls
Great Service!
Cons:
I honestly can't think of any -  this place is really, really good!Fresh Sushi!
This place is a fairly new restaurant to the area so we finally got to try them out! 
Even though the space was compact they were able to accommodate our party of 15. We ordered a variety of things on the menu: Squid Steak, Yellowtail Jalapeno, Hamachi Kama, Salmon Poke, Ramen, & and several rolls. My favorite were probably the appetizers, Squid Steak & Yellowtail Jalapeno. The squid steak had a nice sear on the outside and the yellowtail jalapeno just melted in your mouth You can customize your bowl of ramen with your choice of meat, type of broth, and extra toppings. I had the Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen with BBQ Pork, Nori Seaweed, Corn, and Boiled Egg. For dessert, we had a Tempura deep fried cheesecake, which was pretty tasty! It reminded me of fried ice cream, nice crisp crust and soft fluffy 
The only mishap was my cocktail. Instead of letting me know there wasn't any vermouth for a dirty martini.. they put bitters in it instead. It wasn't the best tasting cocktail, but I would hate to waste liquor.
Overall our experience was good. If you're waiting some fresh sushi, this is a place to try!We ordered takeout from this place tonight. We ordered multiple hibachi fried rice dishes, as well as miso soup, spring rolls, and sushi. The food arrived relatively quickly, but that is about the only positive thing I can say. The fried rice meals were almost entirely rice. There was very little protein and almost no vegetables. The dishes had almost no flavor, honestly. This was true for the chicken, steak, and shrimp fried rice meals we had ordered. The miso soup was incredibly salty. I also heard bad reviews about the spring rolls. When one f my friends called about the meal, the restaurant employee was dismissive and didn't seem to care at all.
This meal was an incredible disappointment. Don't waste your money.This place is a new go to place. We expected a lot coming in because we love love sushi. First I'll talk about their service. Their service is very prompt and our server knows her sushi. If you love raw fish this is the place for you to go to splurge. Next is the sushi chef. He gave us some really great guidance on what drinks pair well with sushi and how raw fish is supposed to be enjoyed. Who would have thought of it right? It's just like eating steak and drinking wine. The food is well plated and so pretty. Not to mention that everything was so good that I ate most of it before taking the pictures to share with you guys. You'll just have to go there yourself to know right? Well I did managed to take a few before pigging out.I really love this place. The foods always delicious and they always have great attitudes. Today they had more order to my door 13 minutes from the time I got off the phone. Absolutely Amazing. All of the special rolls are great especially the king cake roll and hello kitty roll. We also like the puff daddy roll. Their basic rolls are good too and they never have had issues making substitutions for me. The veggie gyoza is also one of my fave things on the menu and I'll usually order 2 or 3 to keep in my fridge bc they're also good reheated for hungover morning food. The only thing I don't order anymore is the edamame bc it's barely salted and it's the tiniest amount for the price. May as well get a better, more exciting app. But with so many great things to choose from, edamame is the last thing to be thinking of.Was super excited to come try and was not disappointed. Love the vibe the place gives off and great staff! Now I don't have to wait to go to Houston for ramen!Wowzers! Hubby and I wanted to take a break from New Orleans cuisine to get my favorite food...SUSHI!! Royal Sushi & Bar was a few blocks from our hotel so we walked over. We started off with 2 rolls: White Ninja & Sex and the City. Both were delicious. Fish just melted in my mouth. (I'm salivating as I'm typing). Those rolls had me wanting more. We ordered the Fantasy Roll and that left us full and satisfied. All rolls had a great balance of ingredients. Reasonably priced too. Love, Love, Love!!This place is nice for a Sunday lunch. I had a good experience overall, the staff was friendly and all the food was very flavorful.
I am not giving a 5 stars since I thought it was very overpriced for the size of the roll.
I think this place would be good for a nice date though.Phenomenal sushi game at this spot! Fantastic service and we ate everything on this plate. All of the rolls were made perfectly and bite sized. Not too much sauce and all delicious! Highly recommend!Yay I found a local clean and totally trendy sushi bar right around the corner from me. I think I will make this place my local go to lunch or dinner spot.
Being gradients are clean and the sushi and sashimi well-made - with care! You can see the chefs preparing the food and they're doing so with passion
I couldn't ask for a nicer local sushi place!and did I mention it's super affordableWe were a little hesitant to walk a block away from all the trendy restaurants to find this one. The only reason we ended up here was the majority on Frenchmen Street were reservation only. Boy, were we pleasantly surprised! It was such a clean cozy atmosphere. The prices were great. The salads and sushi were delicious and beautifully presented. The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly and attentive.Great space, and great food. I loved the music and art work, it complimented our Puff daddy roll and Vegetable soup.The sushi was really good. And the drinks were tasty. It's in a nice location if you want to explore Frenchmen or continue the party. Their ramen was AMAZING. I am a spicy food fanatic and when i tell you their spicy miso broth was SPICY, they did not disappoint.Amazing Sushi here! Want to come back and try the ramen, the Geisha Roll was a bit awkward (wrapped in cucumber) but the fish and ingredients they use are fresh and on point nonetheless. Appetizer was a bit slow coming out and probably could use another waiter on staff but ill be returning.Best sushi place in the neighborhood. My only wish is that the rolls would be wrapped with brown instead of white rice. If they would start offering a brown rice option for their rolls, I would eat there all the time.Was thrilled to find some great ramen after having the real deal in Japan recently. The sushi was good as well. I've been twice and happy both times.My husband I come here all the time. The sushi is always fresh and high quality. It's our favorite dinner out because it's healthier than the normal Cajun fare.The whole point of sushi is to have the fish taste both fresh and flavorful, and this place manages to do both excellently. If you're feeling adventurous I highly recommend to tell the chef to make his own roll for you. The spider roll is also really good if you're a fan of soft shell crab. My father who normally doesn't like sushi surprisingly enjoyed the rolls I ordered, which says a lot. 5/5 highly recommended!Was in New Orleans for a week, had been wanting sushi the entire trip, so glad we went here! The waitress was very nice, she recommended the Bourbon Roll and it was DELICIOUS! Our rolls came out at a good speed, everything tastes fresh and great!This was my first time into this restaurant and it is atheistically pleasing. I ordered my food to go and it was rather quick. I ordered my girlfriend the Rainbow Roll and I had the Chicken Ramen with the Spicy Miso broth. The ramen was a bit underwhelming but my girl raved about the Sushi. I will definitely give it another try as everyone there was friendly. I'll see you all soon.My favorite restaurant in New Orleans.
I have eaten here literally 50 times always amazing and great staff and ambiance!Great addition to the neighborhood. No other ramen like this nearby. Prompt, courteous, yummy. They left something off of our delivery order and were very gracious and returned right away when we called back. Dine-in is great, too.The bartender was super nice and helpful..the sushi was fresh and tasted delish. Next time I go to new Orleans I will def be returning for more awesome sushi!Great ramen! I just returned from Tokyo and was thrilled to discover authentic ramen in New Orleans. Great service, good atmosphere. I highly recommend!Raven was engaging and polite. Food was a bit subpar. With so many options in nola, i dont see why id come back. 5 out of 10 starsI'm a vegetarian obsessed with ramen, so I was over the moon to find Royal Sushi and Bar in the Marigny. Been there twice so far. The Yasmin Konbu broth is super umami, and the entire ramen bar is designed to be customized (extra broth! Shiitake mushrooms! Extra fried tofu! Or steamed tofu! Or gyoza...). Raven at the bar is super cool and the art is conducive to a good buzz. Do yourself a favor and eat here!Always go here, love the service love the food. This review is a special shout out to the man answering the phones today. I live close enough you could throw a water balloon and hit my house, they have a strict $20 delivery fee. Okay yes I get it, I was just ordering for myself today so it wasn't a lot, as I'm inching my way adding things to get to $20, I make to $19, I assure the man I'm going to tip the driver well can I add that dollar to his tip? He says no and I was not about to add a $3 soda. So I opted for a pick up (I was just exhausted from work) which is no big deal. I've never gone to or looked around for another sushi place but now I think I may. Religious customer lost for $1? Mistake.Walking in the atmosphere was very chill and Very welcoming. The staff is friendly and helpful. We ordered the chicken broth and made it spicy. Added the bbq chicken with ramen noodles. It was really good. The broth is probably the best I have ever had. It had so much flavor and was just spicy enough to enjoy the meal. The drinks are not the best. If you can save your money for another place then do so for drinks. But the food is phenomenal. Well their Ramen is as that's what we had! Must try if you are in the areaGreat service !! Amazing food !! Fresh food .Atmosphere is very nice . This is a place to take a date or bring a group of friends.  Soup is good and you get to pick out the soup flavor , the noodles and the vegetablesAweful experience.  If you want service, make sure you have a cell phone to communicate.  The food leaves a lot to be desired.  And don't bring your family, music they play is extremely offensive.  I will not ever go there again.Best sushi in the area, for sure.  I used to be a Ninja fan (see my review for context).  And I've done the sushi at Wasabi (not bad, not great).  We went for dinner, three of us (appx $50/head not paying attention to price).  Service very friendly and helpful.  I WILL BE BACK AND MAKE THIS MY NOLA SUSHI GO TO FOR A WHILE.
Seaweed salad/squid salad.  Both good, will go for the squid again.
Tuna neck app:  perfectly cooked (slight char), not "old", and good dipping sauce.
Sashimi combo:  yellowtail, salmon, tuna.  All divine - perfect temp and texture and taste.
Unagi - absolutely the best I've had in a while, not dripping in sweet bbq sauce, perfectly balanced (and perfect warm temp)
Sushi - all good.
Note:  We did not have any complicated rolls (and nor would I usually) unless you count spicy tuna as complicated.  But here, the long list of complicated rolls are not necessary - unless that's your thing.  The cuts, the rice, and the fish were all on point.
Sapporo, Kirin, and Asahii only on draft.  But nice and cold.  Could use some more appropriate glasses (i.e. not pint glasses).Delicious rolls, seaweed and squid salads. Great clean atmosphere, friendly staff no liquor license yet but it is BYOB! Open later for us who work a little late. Looking forward to bringing and telling people about this Japanese cuisine!Pretty solid sushi. 
I've never paid much attention to the fact there's a sushi restaurant in this neighborhood as I'm usually partying whenever I find myself around here. Open until 11pm, they are able to service the (relatively) late-night munchers with a dine-in meal quality. Service was prompt and friendly, no complaints there. I did notice a little Jerry running around but hardly a deterrent for me. I understand where we are and the world is what it is.
I went with an order of shrimp shumai for starters and it's on par with Haiku's (if you've ever been); pretty good. I also had a BBQ yellowtail roll and a Crouching Tiger specialty roll accompanied by two bottles of Sake so it was one treat of a dinner but hella good! When I crave sushi it's no light desire. 
I want to come back and try the Poke, it seemed like it would be a good meal. Also have to check out if they have any type of happy hour.Sushi was good, but felt pricey. Service was severely lacking considering we were one of two tables during a weekday lunch. Our waiter was on his phone the whole time and didn't refill our drinks or ask if we wanted anything else.I was born and raised in California, so My expectations for sushi are pretty high. for the most part I have been let down by many places in the south and the east, however this place does have genuinely fresh fish. I am not sure who there purveyor is but this is solid sushi. I prefer eating at the bar, and though they have a smaller one then most places ive been, its still worth doing. Chris (the bartender) is friendly and knowledgeable. all around this is a solid restaurant and so far the best sushi ive had in new orleans.Yum!!! A nice change of pace after staying in the quarter all week on our honeymoon. Service was great and food was delicious. The combo fried rice was amazing, but they didn't have any Yum Yum sauce :-(. The sex and the city roll was BOMB!None too happy with the service here. We only ordered two small food items and a drink, and it took forever to get served and even longer to get the check and the change. The server also looked chronically displeased every time she passed our table, as though our presence there was an annoyance. We did come in about half an hour before closing, but would have been on our way much quicker if it had been up to us.
Anyway, I tried a pretty standard sushi roll with some crunch. Not bad, but it was kind of skinny, so nothing to write home about either.Food was fresh. And taste delicious. Place is really clean. Bathrooms are clean. Great service.Very decent ramen! I had been in Cajun jungle for a few days so really needed to satisfy my craving for Asian, found the place on yelp and went there expecting not much since it was in French Quater I assumed the quality for Japanese food would be really so so, to my surprise the broth was delicious, you can customize your content also, lots of options, other than that the Royal rolls were really good as well!It took them only 20 min to arrive, also everything was in order. Food was well packed and it tasted great. The fried rice was amazing!Was in town and craving for some sushi, my friend chose this place, and I am glad he did!
I have never been to this part of town for sushi before, so I was really surprised he took me here.  We arrived pretty late, but saw that the restaurant was still full, and were excited that they were still seating.
We were planning on having drinks, so we sat at the bar, which we were glad we did!  The people who were tending to us were all very friendly and helpful!  We had the following:
TONKOTSU RAMEN
The ramen was very flavorful, fatty, but was not greasy!
STEAK FRIED RICE
The fried rice was one of the most flavorful and beefy rice I had in a long time.  Highly recommend.
CHEF SASHIMI SPECIAL
We just let the chef choose our sashimi for us, and let me tell you how beautiful and delicious this plate was!  It was so beautiful another person in the restaurant asked to take a pic of our food! . Shout out to Chef Johnny for the fresh and delish dish!
Make sure to drop by if you are in the area or craving for sushi!Best ramen in New Orleans, LA. Always a hit, never been disappointed. As for sushi, Yellowtail jalapeno is amazing.Great sushi! The ramen is good. The noodles were chewy, just how I like them. I'll definitely be going back.Ducked in here for a snack and a palette cleanser to the readily available cajun and creole fare. We had the White Nija, Grasshopper and the Hidden Dragon. This place was simply amazing. Absolutely loved it. Can't wait to go back and try more of their special rolls. Judging by other patrons' orders the Ramen looks just as excellent.A great place to grab a healthy bite to eat 
The fish is always fresh and so is the ataff I just love love love everyone who works here 
As a regular I am welcomed every time I walk in or pass by 
This place is awesomeOur family has a tradition of dining on sushi on Christmas Eve.  Happily, this nice little neighborhood place on the edge of the Quarter was open.  It was doing a brisk business.  One landlubber had the noodle dish, which was excellent and full of tasty morsels.  I had the sashimi entree. This came with miso and it was a generous plate full of fresh, succulent fish slices.  Another had the sushi entree, which had many nice pieces of nigiri and a roll.  
There is a good selection of wines, beer, and sake to go with your dinner. 
 This is a nice little place; we will happily return to it.Amazingggg sushi. They have some unique combinations as well as some classic ones. We got the Bourbon and I can't remember what the other two were called but one had coconut shrimp in it. All three were absolutely delectable and brought something unique but equally as delicious. There's a difference between good sushi and great sushi, this was definitely the latter. I'd highly recommend this place and don't think you could go wrong with whatever you order.Went here twice on my visit to New Orleans because it was so good. Hands down the best ramen in the area as well at great service from the servers. 
I have been to Japan and was craving Tonkotsu broth ramen. It was very comparable to what I had before and I enjoyed that they didn't overcook the egg. They were kind enough to give me additional chili sauce to make my tonkotsu as spicy as I wanted. 
I will be coming back when I make my way through this city again.What a well hidden Japanese Sushi place! Located about three miles away from our hotel, so we had to Uber it for six bucks... Darn cheap! 
Royal Sushi & Bar is a very cozy place to enjoy a nice Japanese dinner along with a few bottles of Sake!
Yes, we stumbled back to the nearby French Quarters just to have a few more drinks at local bars, just to bump into other drunken  business counterparts. Lol.
Okay, back to Royal Sushi. I think it's a hidden gem in New Orleans since you don't see many Asian places around. This place is more so because it's located on a small inside a residential neighborhood. They probably cater more to the locals.
I ordered the 18 Pcs Chirashi Bowl. The variety of sushi included Salmon, Tuna, Yellowtail, Shrimp, Albacore, and Octopus, with Masago eggs sprinkled on the rice with plenty of ginger and wasabe.
The fish was fresh! But not the best I had... But very satisfying I must admit. Not too chewy and easy to swallow was my main concern, which Royal Sushi passed the test. My Chirashi Bowl was filled with plenty of fish with rice on the bottom. So, you're quite guaranteed to be full after you're done.
We had a couple bottles of cold Sake which went well with our food. And we also had some Endamame... As an appetizer which was delicious too.
The service was to the point. The waitress and the bartender seemed tired. But they made sure we were okay. 
The restaurant seemed well kept even though it was still a dive-like. But I had a great time, and my stomach was happy afterwards. 
The funny part was their sushi chefs were all Chinese. Speaks Mandarin! Haha. No worries, all good.
I would definitely consider going back if I was ever in the Big Easy again.Excellent sushi!! Also loved the vegetable
Tempura.Must try multi combination noodle
Soups.
Great service, friendly staff.
Will definitely be back.Good, fresh sushi rolls! The last time I was there I was charged $0.50 for a tiny side or ponzu?! Which I did not appreciate? 
Their salmon and yellowtail is good, as is their squid steak. Their ramen is not my favorite (and may have made me sick the last time I went), so I'll probably just stick to the sushi and squid. 
A cute interior that is quiet and peaceful, it would make a nice date spot or hideaway lunch spot if you need a break from the city.The sushi here is really great ! Lovely atmosphere I usually come in and sit at the bar. The staff is really nice and helpful. Not the most flavorful rolls but they still give me my full of sushi !! Can't wait to try the ramen next time !! Place is never that packed in daytime which is refreshing cause I like my space when I dine in !Got miso soup, a Philadelphia roll, and the steak fried rice. All was so fresh and tasty! And the timing of when they brought everything out was perfect. We were walking down to Frenchmen street and stopped in and it was great!!Royal Sushi is in my top five favorite sushi places. The fact that it's right around the corner from my house bumps it up a few. They are very quick, and the servers are always on point. The space is a great amount of room to go on a solo date or a double date! Their spicy tuna is fabulous!! Also the fact that they play the best throw back songs..your 12 year old child would love the song choices. Over all a great place to come and drink some Sake alone....or with a group! Their miso soup is also off the charts.My fiancé and I were visiting NOLA and on our last night here, my fiancé got sick so I had to improvise on dinner plans. I figured he would want some miso soup (his favorite) and I was craving rice anyway. We ordered the hibachi chicken fried rice, miso soup, bourbon roll, and the tempura shrimp roll. My fiancé enjoyed his food even with his previously sour stomach, and I had my rice fix! The delivery was MUCH earlier than I expected, about 45 mins early and I was SO happy because I was starving at that point. Great food, fast delivery, and pretty good prices!I love love love the build-your-own ramen bowl menu! You can get a huge bowl made exactly how you want for under $20 (or keep adding a bunch of extra good stuff for a pricier but still delicious bowl). They have a variety of noodles to choose from. Ramen, obviously, but now I'm addicted to their Udon. I think they have rice noodles as well. The Hello Kitty Handroll is my other go-to favorite here. Service always excellent and the wall mural is awesome!I can't believe I'm so late on this..... RAMEN.
This is the best ramen place in Nola in my opinion. 
You choose the meat then the broth type. You even get to choose your noodles and customize it with add ones. 
You get the marinated egg and like I said you can add on other ingredients in your ramen if you want!!! 
I got the BBQ Pork Tonkotsu Ramen with added corn. Portion was enough as I drank every bit of it. 
Appetizers: Ceviche sampler was ok, it was recommended by the waitress but I've had fresher and tastier before. Edamame was addictingly good!! The chips with snow crab/avocado dip thing (forgot the name?? See attached pic) was great as well. 
TASTY AND DELICIOUS. RAMEN IS GONE IN MY TUMMY.This was excellent. We got the Sex and the City roll, Tchoupitoulas roll, philly and tuna. It was all excellent. It was the perfect end to our trip.Ordered the puff daddy, swamp roll and hidden dragon and they were TERRIBLE. The sushi was not fresh, however the presentation was above average. I will definitely not return or recommend.The ramen was a great portion size and amazing! I had the veggie based one while my friend had the spicy tonkatsu. The broths were high quality and amount of noodles in both were pleasing; not skimpy. They could've been served hotter because they cooled off very quickly but the taste was good!I really loved the environment. Super cute place! Must try the ramen! It's amazing! I had the bbq pork spicy tonk ramen.