Nice cafe!  In town for a wedding and with the hotel about a block away, we decided to try this cafe instead of a closer national chain restaurant.  I had the build your own omelette and it was stuffed full!  The pork sausage and bacon had a great flavor.  The potatoes were on the underseasoned side.  I appreciated the choice of marble rye and the fact that the butter wasn't already on the bread.  Would return!I went to this place based on a recommendation.  It was great! The service was excellent and the food was delish! On a busy Saturday we were seated within 5 min.  I had a b.y.o. (build your own) omelette. It was huge and filling. It came with grits and toast.
I also like what the restaurant represents to the community and people after Hurricane Katrina (see photos)
I would definitely return to taste other items.Best breakfast in NOLA! Everything was delicious!  Checked in on Yelp and showed up a wee bit early. Still had r wait a bit, but it was TOTALLY worth it!! Definitely gonna come backBest breakfast we've had in New Orleans! Deanna was an amazing server. We had a peace maker and three little pigs omelette. Pretty bomb! Definitely recommended if you are in the area.Breakfast was amazing! I loved there mimosas. We had the Peace Maker which was a combo of the Shrimp Boogaloo and Chicken Saint Charles Benedict. My other half got the Spanish Omlet. We both loved our dishes. Full of flavor and good portion. The food is a little pricey for breakfast but do you expect for the city. The place was packed and service was ok. We had to sit at bar which is better then sitting at the high top table where you eat with other people cafeteria style. Overall though food was good and it was something different then iI usually do for breakfast.First day in new Orleans 12/28/2017. My friend and I went to this restaurant and we were placed on the wait list which we were told the wait would be 45-1hr wait which we was ok with since the line was out the door and we received a lot of good information about this particular restaurant. As we waited we decided to stand inside and we stood where the bar was and decided to look over the menu. While looking over the menu we noticed a particular bartender was wearing gloves which we felt was extremely good since they do have to work with making drinks and some drinks require fruit being put in them. As we continue to watch we noticed not only is he the bartender but he also washes the dishes but that wasn't the issue. The issue still wasn't that the same gloves he used while making drinks was the same gloves he used to wash the dishes because they could be placed in the trash but the BIG issue of all was that he never removed the gloves for a fresh pair he just simply dried them after washing dishes and continued to service customers.  So we continued to wait because we had already been seated at this point and our bartender had already taken our orders and our was food was on its way. So we continued to wait and we received great looking drinks but I didn't want to drink till I received my food.  So once the food made it to us the presentation of the food looked great but the taste was not great so at this point I no longer wanted to eat because I already sat and watched a bartender be soooooo nasty. So we decided to leave and requested the meals be taken from the tab and the manager came to the bar and asked what was wrong which we broke down everything starting with the bartender and he not once was too concerned and gave us the ticket for the drinks which I feel he should have simply said don't worry about paying since the drinks was never touched but I surely will not ever eat here ever again and will not recommend to anyone.Staff was so friendly and accommodating!  Loved the Slippery Salad. The French Toast Batons weee delicious but extremely sugary! Huge portion, great as a starter for the table. Bacon was crispy!!Hands down, my favorite brunch spot in Nola! I'm a brunch freak and love me a good Benedict. Their food and mimosas keep me coming back. There is usually a wait unless you want to sit at the bar, either way, it's so worth it. Great service! AMAZING FOOD!I will start by saying, if you want to eat here call at least an hour or so ahead. The wait can get a little crazy if you just walk in. The eggs benedict are life! And the blood orange mimosas are to die for. I also tried the cinnamon swirl pancakes that was recommended by our waitress and it was soo worth it. This is a must stop place in nola always number one on my nola places to eat place.Delicious!!! We went during Mardi Gras in February. The food was very good and would have ate there again if our stay wasn't so short.  Definitely Check in on Yelp before arriving, we went the day before and there was a 2 hour wait. Woke up early the next day, checked in on yelp and when it was almost our turn we walked to the restaurant and walked right in.Went there for brunch on the 14th, Shamika our waitress was amazing, love her! Now the real review, we ordered peach bellinis which arrived  warm and tasted like mimosas and pretty tart. I've had my share of bellinis and know how a good one should taste and this was not a good one at  $10 each it should be at least cold and with some peach flavor. Shamika tried her best to help us make them taste better but nothing, we asked her to take them away since we won't be drinking them.  The manager Justine came over and said "unfortunately I can't take them off your bill there's nothing wrong with them" there's lots wrong with them Justine, they taste like mimosas which are made with oranges not peaches and they were warm, asking me to provide me with the exact same drink again does not help me.  How about good customer service Justine, I visit New Orleans several times per year for business and leisure, this place will not see me again .  The food was ok, the support staff great. Because you say a drink is fine does not make it so Justine, good luck with the policy of not removing an inadequate item off a bill. We couldn't even use the restroom since it was out of order, she's doing a fantastic job managing this place.After reading other yelp reviews on a day trip to New Orleans in March 2018, I went straight to the Ruby Slipper when I landed. I used the no wait app like others mentioned to put myself on their list as the wait was well over 2 hours so I didn't have to rush straight there - After dropping my belongings at my hotel, I head over to the ruby slipper... however, I apparently went to the wrong one! There are multiple locations within a mile from each other. (Be careful!) So I ran over to the correct restaurant just in time! After working up an appetite, the ruby slipper was just what I needed! I was seated immediately (thanks to no wait) and ordered the banana foster French toast with rum-flambéed bananas and raisins (I asked for the sauce on the side). It was as good as it sounds! (The picture really doesn't do it justice.) the bread used for the French toast was a French baguette and it came with a lot of pieces -- I removed them from my place so they didn't get soggy from the sauce. But I would definitely recommend the ruby slipper for breakfast. They also offer mimosas, bellini and bacon bloody Mary's. The wait staff was friendly, helpful and very attentive.The place had character. The staff was super friendly and the food was yummy.  We had the eggs Benedict with pork and chicken and was very tasty.Oh my god this place was AMAZING! It's busy because it's delicious so be prepared to wait about 15-20mins at least The bacon infused vodka Bloody Mary is a must have I got the St Charles Benedict.....heaven!Hour wait but absolutely worth it. The best Bloody Marys we have ever had. ... bacon in it? Yes please. We both had chicken pouches eggs spinach on buttermilk bisquits. Everything was spot on, crispy chicken and amazing spice. Highly recommend a reservation, but if you have to wait, I suggest you do it.We went for breakfast.  The food was good and the service was good. We had an omelet and pancakes. The pancakes were fluffy and fresh. I would go back.Eggs cochon!  A wonderful southern version of eggs benedict.  The hollandaise was really nice.  Sometimes hollandaise has way too much lemon.  The sauce at the Ruby Slipper was just right.  The coffee is big and hearty.  I thought the service was also top notch.  Definitely a great place for breakfast.This restaurant was on my list for our NOLA trip and im really glad i tried it. Everyone there was super friendly and attentive. The food was amazing. We had the banana foster for desert after breakfasf. Our breakfast plates were pancakes sausage eggs and stuffed french toast. The portions were big and decent and fresh. I had the iced coffee which was also really good. The atmosphere was really enjoyable to be around, make sure you get there early there was a line forming once we sat down we only waited less than 5 mins for 3 people and we got there around 930am. I would def recommend this place as one of the must have breakfast spots!I was skeptical at first when I saw that there were several other locations around the city, as often times that means a place that was once great has overextended and lost quality. However, this was very clearly not the case with Ruby Slipper Cafe! 
After waiting about 20 minutes outside for a table for 2 (they take your cellphone number and call you when your table is ready which is very convenient) we were seated at a communal hightop table near the bar. The service took a little while to get going, but eventually we put in our drink orders - one Mimosa and one 19th Hole (a spiked Arnold Palmer). The drinks were great, so great that we may have enjoyed another round or two before our meal came to and end :)
We had a hard time deciding what to order because a lot of the options looked great! We eventually used Yelp as our guide and went with the Banana Fosters French Toast and the Eggs Cochon. The French Toast was just as delicious as described by follow Yelpers. You could taste the eggs and sugar all melted together and it was heavenly!
All in all it was a tasty experience and I would recommend it :)Bloody Mary was amazing! Food was great and service was awesome! Arielle was wonderful - literally the best service I've had in 4 days. Definitely worth the wait!This place is awesome! I've visited here twice since my stay one NOLA... the BBQ shrimp and Gris and the Gulf Fish St Peters is awesome! Let's not forget the mimosa and the service! This will definitely be my go to brunch spot whenever you visitGreat spot with great food. Definitely check out their different benedicts. Staff was very friendly.The food was pretty good. Nice laid back atmosphere and conveniently located in the middle of town. I was surprised how busy it was mid morning on a Monday, but I was seated fairly quickly.I have to say that our waitress was AWESOME!! Ariel ! She was attentive, energetic and just pleasant. This place has great atmosphere, the breakfast was great!!!This place is awesome! Expect to wait at least 20 minutes or more for a table. We had the Louisiana omelet and stuffed French toast. The crack butter was amazing and they'll bring you more if you ask. Sherrie T was our waitress and she was very friendly and helpful with the menu and where we should go next. Definitely will come back whenever we're in townThought it was going to be a pretty good experience overall, but sadly it was the opposite. Ordered 3 orders, only one out of the 3 was halfway right. One order had to be sent back 3 times, and still wasn't right. The next order was supposed to be banana pecan pancakes and instead came back as plain. The last order was French toast with bacon and one of the pieces of bacon had human hair on it, so I forfeited that last slice of bacon. All 3 checks came separately at full price,, manager had to come over to take off the price for the hair. The Canal location is highly overrated for the actual service you receive.Great place for breakfast or lunch. We had breakfast here twice during our vacation and both times were exceptional. The downside is the long wait if you arrive at the wrong time. Try the eggs cochon!Went for brunch their grits and biscuits were amazing! Service was great and were seated pretty quickly. Will definitely comYes, yes, yes! The wait was ridiculous but that was expected considering the national conference at the convention center. They weren't taking reservation that weekend.
We also had a large group. The food was amazing. 
There were great substitutions for my friends who didn't eat red meat.
The pancakes were divine and the coffee was great.It wasn't bad but it could have been a tab bit better if the flip side. My family had brunch here... Let's see, great place. Very friendly staff and very clean. However:
The biscuits were dense/ dry,
Potatoes were unseasoned and overcooked,
The water tasted bad, had a chloride flavor.
Pancakes weren't anything to write home about.
French toast was good but a tad dry. 
Delicious coffee beverages, hot chocolate, beef hash, omelettes & very good green tomatoes. Overall very good food, don't get me wrong and worth the price just not worth the wait. I would highly recommend you call ahead and pick up food from this establishment you will probably wait anywhere from 30-45 minutes depending on your party size.Food is amazing worth the wait and our server Ariel was very efficient and super friendly. Will definitely be coming back!!!!Best Grits and Fried Green Tomato! Do not miss the chance to have a meal here anytime of the day!A group of 8 girls and I came here as our last meal in new orleans for my bachelorette party. We called in advance and there was no wait, so we headed over. Upon getting to the restaurant we waited for another 15 minutes and were told that they would have to split us up.  No big deal and totally understandable. I told them I had a friend who was parking and would be in soon and they said it was fine. We were seated and since my friend was running a little later I ordered for her. I got the migas and they were good. Not an overly large portion which I appreciated.  The iced coffee was great. 
The thing that really turned us off was when 2 of our straggling friends came in and asked if they could order. The waitress said it would take longer, but we didn't care. However, a manager then came up and told them they were breaking policy and they normally wouldn't let latecomers order. That was weird, but whatever.  Then another woman came up, almost yelling and speaking in a very sarcastic tone and said "there aren't 25 more people coming, correct?  Because we don't deal with groups like you". The level of unprofessionalism was ridiculous and ended my great trip to nola on a sour note. I will not be going back to ruby slipper and still can't belive how rude their management is.My God. The service is ghastly!  We were seated at the counter. I did everything but dancing on the counter naked to get a coffee refill. Finally some came and took my cup... But only to wash it. 
Other than that, the Food was very good.  Probably never coming back.Very disappointing. Multiple friends recommended so we went and was poor from the start. 30-min wait, after 30 minutes went and inquired and was told 5-10 more. 20 minutes later (now 50 overall for our 30-min wait outside in New Orleans in July) I inquired again, finally 5 minutes later we sat. Syrup bottle empty, Dr. Pepper drinks mixed disproportionately (we pointed out and server didn't know if they were going to fix - i.e. twist handle slightly to increase carbonation or decrease syrup), lukewarm Mimosa, cold grits, weak chorizo, poor service, the list goes on. All four brunch entrees were disappointing. The bacon was great though, only reason for the 2nd star...Great atmosphere great staff very friendly very homey feel. There's a bit of a wait but it is worth itExcellent food and service!!!! We had the stuffed French toast, shrimp and grits, and the trifectaLong wait, but it was peek time during Mardi Gras so it was to be expected. Customer service was great! Food wasn't that special, but the mimosas were amazing.We dined at the Canal Street location our last full day in NOLA (4/12). Service was impeccable and great bang for your buck. I had the delicious Eggs Cabion (catfish, poached eggs, artichokes and green salad) with grits and a biscuit. Bottomless coffee. Our server Kara was friendly and attentive.Went here the morning after a drinking event (Thoth Caravan) for a hangover breakfast.  I had a basic breakfast of grits, 2 eggs over medium, bacon, and a biscuit.  The portions were big, but there wasn't anything special about the food.  Service was a little slow, but we did get there right as they opened.  It's a good, not to pricey place for breakfast/brunch if you're downtown or in the French Quarter and want to avoid tourists.Great food and great service. Gillis was really friendly and attentive. Get the banana pecan pancakes. So worth it. Also, the coffee is amazing. It's from a local cafe called French Press. Definitely worth the wait!The stars are mainly for the food that was delicious. The staff is rude and the hostess looks like if she hates her job.The hostesses and our waitress were so kind! We got the pancake flight and it was excellent! The pecan, praline & bacon were our favorite!Delicious breakfast. I had an 3 pigs omelette with toast and potatoes. I was full through lunch! Long wait but they can send you a text when your table is ready which is great :)Great breakfast at a good price!! Our server Aileen was so awesome too! Funny and attentive. I had the fried chicken benedict which was so good!! Will definitely come back.Breakfast was delicious. We had a couchon Benedict and a corned beef Benedict and one of the special bacon pecan pancakes. Everything was fabulous and the portions are really big. Service was very pleasant also.Amazing food and amazing service! It has a wonderful atmosphere and fun art which you can purchase! So buy up and eat up!Coffee was cold, pancake doughy, and potatoes lacked seasoning, french toast more like toasted bread.Amazing!! 
We went for breakfast! Had to wait ten minutes an we sat at the bar. We ordered stuffed French toast and a French toast with ham an fried egg. Everything was wonderful!! The bar tender was so helpful an keep our drinks full!! Can't wait to come back when in town!!All of the food was incredible! Accommodated our large party and our server was amazing. Thank you Steven!!! We would definitely recommend Ruby Slipper to all of our friends and locals!I absolutely enjoyed my brunch at the ruby slipper cafe. The food was delicious, service was good, and the atmosphere was warm and inviting.You had me at Bacon Bloody Mary. OK, actually you had me at Bacon, Bloody Mary was just a bonus! The Bloody Mary was as promised, spicy with horseradish, and garnished with bacon, olives, spicy pickled green beans. 
The menu is awesome. I had the Eggs Cochon and the Shrimp and fried green tomato eggs Benedict. The Cochon was my favorite! The pork was very flavorful and the cream sauce light and yummy! Husband had the chicken eggs Benedict and it was outstanding too! 
Here's where they could do better. We are in New Orleans. Use fresh shrimp!!! The shrimp was clearly frozen and tasteless. I've had better shrimp in take out Chinese food. 
We will probably be back to try more of the menu!I was in search of a nice home style simple breakfast near the condo I'm staying at in the CBD and this place was not too far. Be sure if you use the waitlist option that you check the actual location you've selected. Somehow I picked Canal St and Magazine location was closer.. However; because I checked in online, by the time we arrived at the correct location we had a seat.
The place was busy and we were seated once we got there and the service was quick. We opted to sit at the high bar with other guests and I am pretty tall for a women but these seats were very high so prepare for a little hop getting down! 
I would like to say that being from Washington State I tend to forget about the genuine vibe of southern hospitality and even though it takes me a while to get used to talking to people around me it was beautiful to watch.. But back to the Ruby Slipper!!
The menu is not overwhelming with options, lots off eggs and biscuits! I love eggs Benedict and ordered the one with the pulled pork and hollandaise sauce on a biscuit and it was one of this wiggle in your seat with happiness while humming your favorite tune with each bite experiences!! The pulled pork tasted like it was slow roasted, the spice and fat content were perfect!! Don't let me forget about the sauce!!! If I had eaten this dish at home I would have licked my plate! But instead a used the biscuit lol!!Food was great! Service was excellent. Even for being super busy with a line, we were in and seated in minutes.  Atmosphere was very pleasant.  Will definitely be back.We showed up on a Thursday right around 10:00 am...were seated within 30 minutes but a waitress came around outside while we were waiting so the wait wasn't too bad with a mimosa in hand.
This place has a great menu...I had a tough time choosing. Lots of southern dishes with a unique flair. My group and I started by sharing a cinnamon swirl pancake. It was delicious-crisp edges with a fluffy center. Was great to share as an appetizer of sorts....
The benedicts looked great, several come on biscuits. They sounded a bit too heavy for my mood, so I opted for a more traditional, but southern style, breakfast. It came with eggs, grits, a biscuit, bacon and a fried green tomato. I asked for praline bacon in place of the regular applewood. I would highly suggest the praline (or candy) bacon. The biscuit was huge-and came with a little side of honey butter. Grits were great and so was the fried tomato...a first for me and a new favorite! Others at my table had a scramble & a mexican type dish. Don't remember the specifics but both said they were great!
The service was excellent...our server was attentive, friendly, and customer service oriented. Didn't feel nickel and dimed which was nice...we got cheese on our eggs and substituted our bacon with no extra charges.
Expect a wait...but in return, expect great food and service for a reasonable price.Excellent service and the food was great.  I liked the eggs Benedict don't remember name but one with pulled pork was better than the one with fried chicken.  Would definitely go back.  Oh and the service was very good and attentive.Great food and an excellent staff. If you are coming on the weekend use the no wait app because this location draw large crowds..I WANT TO GO BACK... can I please go back?  I wish I lived in NOLA so I could have breakfast here anytime I wanted.
Bloody Mary -- awesome (though I wish it had more fixings) and the picked green beans were super tasty
Bellini -- HUGE and yummy
Eggs Cochon -- insanely filling but really, really good.  Hubby never orders stuff like this and he was really impressed.
Eggs Blackstone -- really rich and loved the bacon
Not the cheapest place to have breakfast, but its worth it.  And you totally don't need lunch!Probably the best breakfast I have ever had ar a restaurant. I had a ruby sunrise to drink which is easily skippable. It was good but nothing to write home about. For my meal I ordered the Peacemaker which allows you to select two different eggs Benedict menu items and you receive a half portion of each. I ordered the Eggs Cochon based on the yelp reviews and the highlighted status it has on the menu. The other half was the Shrimp Boogaloo which has earned this restaurant it's 5 stars. The Eggs Cochon is made by the hollondaise sause. If you have a bite without it  the fork full is good but not great. The shrimp Boogaloo was phenomenal with ever bute. All the ingredients tasted  excellent by themselves and came together for an even better final product.Came here in a Saturday morning during a NOLA vacation. I appreciate that you're able to get on the waitlist list via yelp got on waitlist while at the hotel then walked over and checked in! With that convenience once we got there, we didn't have to wait long at all! That was fabulous! I got the banana foster French toast, BF got omelette and pancake. The bananas foster French toast was TO DIE FOR! Probably the best thing I ate my whole trip IT WAS AMAZING!! The bacon wasn't as crispy as I would have liked but I almost was too busy enjoying the French toast to notice! My bf enjoyed the pancakes and the omelette good size portions as well! You will not leave hungry but definitely get on the waitlist before you go this place was PACKED and fills up quickly! I will definitely come back anytime I am in NOLA hope that the banana foster French toast stays on the menu!Worst food and service we've had in New Orleans yet. We took our very dear and most special people here based on the 4 star reviews. There were 2 ladies at the front door that we're lovely, amongst a bunch of hungry, grumpy people, they keep the mood light. I ordered the stuffed French toast which was pretty good... crisp on the outside and tender inside. It was stuffed with a berry compote and topped with cream cheese and whipped cream an had 2 slices of bacon. My husband had the " 3 Little Pigs omelet" which had bacon, sausage and ham and cheese and a side of cheese grits for .50 more. He said the omelette  was ok, the eggs were a bit over cooked and the grits were hard, almost crunchy(he didn't eat them or the biscuit). The couple that we took both ordered the BBQ shrimp and grits which came with a biscuit. The gentleman ate the shrimp but took one bite of the grits and wouldn't eat any more of them. He ate the biscuit though. The woman ate 2 shrimp and 1 bite of the grits and said it was the worst grits she'd ever had. She stopped eating and waited for our server to return so she could return her plate and order something palatable. After about 20 minutes of our server being a no show we had to flag down a busboy to get our server. When he came over(about 10 minutes later) we told him what the problem was, he said he had to get his manager because there were several that were unhappy with their meals this morning so now everyone had to be referred to the manager. Over the manager came...curt, maybe even rude...acting like we were being comped a meal...nope! We're paying for all 4 meals even though 3 were subpar! In the mean time, we had to ask a random server for refills of coffee, hot tea and waters, and yes, even though the food wasn't good and service was spotty we did the right thing a tipped anyway. When a manager knows there's a problem and an apology isn't made, and she attempts to give you attitude, there's a problem.I first heard of this place via Yelp and couldn't wait to test it out. Thankfully, I was not let down! Not only was the food amazing, but the staff was exceptionally sweet! 
The Cheesecake Stuffed French Toast is absolutely to die for! Every bite left me craving for more. My boyfriend got the Double Chocolate Buttermilk pancakes (huge plate!) and loved it. 
My coffee was amazing - I didn't even feel the need to put sugar or cream in it. Sometimes it's the little things, like coffee, that make or break a restaurant.
Did I mention the applewood-smoked bacon...? My mouth just waters thinking about!Concierge at the Saint hotel recommended and I was hooked immediately! Yesterday I had the PERFECT omelet, today snagged the special, red velvet pancakes! Pure heaven!Great place for a slow leisurely breakfast.   Service is fast but you don't feel rushed. All the food was prepared properly and tasted great.  A bit of a wait on a Saturday morning but I checked in online through the Yelp App and it saved us time.Just ok!! Poached eggs over cooked, very pretty good and good service but not great. It's edible but that's about where my compliments on the food end. Underspiced and no flavor just mehhh!!!If Arielle is waiting on you, she is the bomb! Very friendly and recommended the best brunch options. She is a sweet heart, the food and the dope buzz from the bloody Mary's was perfect!Food was great! We took first seating, at the bar. Service was okay. Try the Chicken St. Charles, you'll be happy you did!!The 3 Little Pigs omelet was amazing and the service was great. The wait looked much worse that it was. Even on a Sunday at 10am, we only waited around 20 min for a table for 2.
(My friend loved the Bananas Foster too, fyi.)What the heck?  I'm staying at the Roosevelt hotel in New Orleans and asked the concierge where to get breakfast and he points me here, he said great breakfast short walk.  So of course I trust a local.  I order scrambled eggs with cheese and toast.  Served me in about two minutes, cheese on top not even warm shreds, I put my finger in the eggs and they were cold, and the toast was cold.  There was no way it sat there because I was served so quickly.  What was it food just sitting around?  The waiter takes it back and I get slightly warm food returned  I know what they did, a few seconds in the micro, the cheese was now on the bottom so they obviously just flipped it over onto a new plate and slightly warmed it.  It was running in butter or oil or something.  I was able to eat some, but gross and shocked at the great reviews here.  I am giving two stars because the waiter was kind and attentive.  Too bad the food was sooooo bad :(I had the pulled pork breakfast biscuits with poached eggs. Very filling and tasty. 
Diner style restaurant. Service was relatively slow considering there was hardly anyone in there. Although the staff were all very polite and friendly. The OJ is freshly squeezed in site.The best place I've eaten in Nola. Arielle served us so quickly and gave great recommendations - we all LOVED our food. The corned beef hash Benedict was absolutely incredible. We will be returning soon!!Be prepared to wait for an hour at least. Their food and drinks were nothing too crazy for an hour long wait. I'm sure you can find something much better for breakfast and brunch around the area with shorter wait times. Service good, and our waiter was super friendly.Excellent breakfast. Dishes are inventive, and the two we ordered (Eggs Blackstone and Migas) were executed perfectly. Friendly and efficient service as well. Definitely a good choice for breakfast aficionados.If I have to sum up my experience at the Ruby Slipper, I would say it's amazing! The customer service was beyond great. Jen created such a valuable experience, that we did not experience at any other restaurant in NOLA. She was friendly, attentive, and unforgettable. We ordered Mimosas, the Costa Rican, French Toast, hash, and the Gulf of St Peter. We tasted each other's selections and everything was delicious. The Gulf of St Peter included a "cheesy grits cake". This was a first and it did not disappoint. The mimosas were definitely a good wake up fix with just the right amount of champagne. The entire staff was friendly and eager to help. If you are in NOLA, you have to visit the Ruby Slipper Cafe. It is an amazing experience with amazing menu options.
Oh yea and don't forget to request Jen as your server !Not a problem that there's not "Breakfast at Brennan's " anymore, this place has them beat hands down. 
Best breakfast in New Orleans.Great food near our hotel. Recommend by a friend and we expected a wait but they didn't have one. It was super yum!The menu can be intimating but the outcome is amazing. I think what I had was the egg couchon and my bf had something with chicken. It was amazing!!! Both filling. Wish I could have had their pancakes but there was no room. It also helped it was right next to our hotel! Definitely would go back and recommend.All in all one of the best finishers for brunch in New Orleans.  Great vibe.  Nice portions and presentation.  I enjoyed the eggs cochon and it was amazing.  The roasted potatoes (which I added) were great.  Don't forget to grab a mimosa or fabulous bloody mary.  Either way, all was well and we had the best bar tender ever.  Sam - YOU ROCK!Was optimistic about this place because of the many good reviews, however we never actually got to try the food. Once we were seated we waited 20 minutes and not one of the many workers that seemed to just be walking around even approached our table. (The restaurant was not busy at this time and many of the servers seemed to just be leisurely walking about) We decided to get up and leave, as we were walking out the hostess that had just seated us didn't even notice that something was off and told us to have a good day. Would be 0 stars if possible.Hello I would like to take the time out to thank my server David, He was very friendly and outgoing. Really helped me out with the menu and drink selections. Food was great and excellent service.Brunch was amazing. Had the eggs cuchon their signature dish. Biscuit was dense but buttery and delicious. Hollandaise was on point. Pulled pork could have used more smoky flavor but good. Bananas foster was out of this world. We wanted the blueberry cheesecake stuffed French toast but they were sold out. The waiter suggested the bananas foster and he was so right. Got a side of corned beef hash and it was delicious too. Mimosas and Bellinis were full of champagne and worth $11. Overall couldn't have been a better meal. Must go spot if you are in NOLAOur waitress was so sweet and friendly. Made me feel right at home like I was a regular. Super fun options and cute little place on the corner.Alright. I ate here after running a half marathon so they probably could have vomited onto a plate and I would have eaten it. But that in no way diminishes the fact that this is an awesome place to get drunk and eat breakfast. I suggest the Irish Coffee followed by a mimosa. For food, the eggs blackstone, grits and the banana pecan pancakes do a great job soaking up all of the booze you'll be ingesting.
Plenty of vegetarian shit too! Seems like they're pretty willing to sub out meat for vegetables.
If you've just run a long ass race, you'll probably want to sleep immediately after brunching here, so try to live near by.Never disappointed. The food here is amazing. It does not matter if you are looking for sweet or savory they have great choices for either.Fantastic! Came here on a Monday morning for breakfast/brunch and this location was very quiet, which was a nice change of pace. To start, our waitress was extremely friendly, down to earth and pleasant. She was knowledgable and honest about her recommendations and did not annoy us with too frequent of table check-ins.
On the way over, our Uber driver mentioned how good the food was. He said he wasn't usually a fan of sweet breakfast food, but that the Bananas Foster Pain Perdu
(French-bread based french toast with rum-flambèed bananas & raisins, served with applewood-smoked bacon) was a must! He was right! The bread was so soft and it was sweet, but not too sweet. Also, the bacon was exceptional.
I also had a vanilla/coffee flavored breakfast cocktail that was very tasty.This spot is great and I'm so happy it is in my neighborhood. Reminds me of Brooklyn with a Southern twist. Real grits, vodka infused bacon and biscuits that are to die for. I'm not sure what is in the whipped butter but it is chilled and yummy. The boozy breakfast cocktails are worth the wait-no reservations here. I'll be back. This is a fabulous weekend brunch stop, lazy day off, third date and I think I'll keep you around lunch spot. Opens and closes early but well worth getting up for. Diana our waitress was the energizer bunny and took very good care of us. We'll be back, often.The waitress was great but my friends and I found the food a little bit plain. 
My salmon eggs benedicts lacked flavors and were quite dry: the salmon was overcooked and so were the biscuits. I had a hard time cutting pieces of the biscuit using the knife. I ended up stabbing them to be able to eat them. I would have enjoyed seeing a lovely little dill sauce on top, which was supposed to come with the dish... but never saw on my plate.A really fun breakfast spot that we found on our second day in NOLA. Food was yummy and the service was fantastic. Only thing keeping this place from five stars was the strange and eclectic decor. Set in an old bank building, there was some turn-of-the-century bankness, some Art Deco in the bar, and some rather homemade looking decor around that.
This has the makings of a true five star establishment with a little elbow grease in the decor.It was so good we went again the next day! Their Benedict's were amazing but what really brought me back were their biscuits! It was the perfect combo of crisp on the outside and light, warm, and fluffy on the inside. It also comes with a maple butter that you can literally put on anything and it would taste great!Go here and eat eggs blackstone. You'll thank yourself. Also be sure to get some fresh squeezed orange juice.
Quality, fresh ingredients. Decent prices. Friendly staff. Cute decor.
I don't need to say anything else because there's nothing else to say. I'd eat here every day if I could. Sadly, I live 12 hours away... :(Loved this place! I got the shrimpy omelette which I now realize... NOLA has very fishy shrimpies! So I would probably not get that next time. But their iced coffee was great. The biscuits were good. The energy was fun and lively.Our new go-to brunch spot. Always delicious and you can never go wrong with a ruby slipper mimosa!Had brunch here while on vacation. Drinks from bar were good and coffee decent. The food was nothing special. They can do the basics fairly okay but don't bother with any seafood. Bacon was great, cinnamon roll pancakes were nice and rich! The shrimp eggs Benedict was just bad, lacked flavor and the muffin was super dry. Service was lukewarm, no greeting from hostess and waiter seemed to hate his life; made the experience less fun and upbeat.The eggs benedict was okay however the french toast was very bland. There was nothing special on the menu so this is just another regular café.What's best to start your day? A good breakfast of course and we had it at Ruby Slipper!
My family and I arrived at around 7.45 and the place wan't busy-yet. We were party of 7 & got a table right away, but when we finished at 8.45, the restaurant was super packed! So I assume busy time is from 8.30-ish? Be ready to wait ;)
Here's some of what we ordered:
1. Bananas foster pain perdu: so good & of course, so sweet. The bread was 1/3 crispy! 
2. Louisianan omelet: so good! The cheddar was fullfiling 
3. The southern breakfast: just like how you want it ;)
The food took around 30-35 mins to be served, hope your tummy is ready for that lol
Overall, it's a really nice place to brighten up your day with big breakfast and friendly staffs!Food was just ok. The waitress would not let us keep our starbucks cups even though we had to wait for 1 hour to sit down. The least they could have done was be understanding. The food was not as good as the other ruby slipper in the CBD, but the waiter was nice. On my visit I was next to another couple that had issues with the food and it was comped. I'm sure things will get better because it just opened.The food was good but there was a wait to get it.  Our particular waitress seemed to be a bit slow anyways so maybe that was the issue.  Great ambiance with jazz music playing and they had a classic movie (Psycho) playing on the TV.  I recommend the bananas foster and the fried chicken Benedict.I didn't know anything about this little breakfast and lunch hotspot in the Marigny, a neighborhood just east of the French Quarter, but our travel companions were raving about it. The Ruby Slipper serves breakfast all day, which is good for people like us who like to sleep in. After being put on a twenty minute wait, we ordered a few breakfast coctails from the bar. A spicy Bloody Mary, and a great rendition of a brandy milk punch had our morning starting out right. Upon being seated in what looked like an old bank, we made our selections which were delivered with rapid fire pace considering how busy they were.
For full review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/The stars say it all, "Eek! Methinks not." I'd rather go wait in a line for 15 min at Camellia Grill. 
I got the most traditional breakfast every breakfast place has, and somehow they managed to mess that up. First, a very minor mistake - they forgot my bacon. Which, in fact, I wish I wouldn't have realized it was missing because it tasted bad... kinda like rubber. Also, the potatoes had a very strange and unsatisfying taste. I LOVE potatoes of any kind: hashbrowns, french fries, thick, thin, you name it, I'll eat it. But these were not very edible either. According to my date, they tasted "dirty." 
It's also rather expensive for such a simple menu and simple and traditional meals. There's nothing extraordinary about this place. It looks like my grandma's house. And my grandmother can cook much better. If she didn't live in another country, I'd say "I'd rather go to her house." But in this case, the best I can say is, I'll go elsewhere.On our way out of NOLA we stopped specifically for their bananas foster french toast and it was amazing. If you have ever made this dish you know that the bananas can become a brown mushy mess but these bananas were firm and tasty. The bread was crispy on edges and soft and nelty in the center. On point. Also they made a great cup of coffee. Plus staff was kind and expedient.This is one of my favorite breakfast/brunch spots during the week. Service and food always hits the mark! Their Chicken St. Charles is the best!I have visited the Ruby slipper in mid city a few times and have had a great experience. I decided to visit the uptown location because my hotel was  in this area. I was disappointed with the service from my waitress. She wasn't very attentive. The food was average and my refill was hit or miss.. We chose to sit outside and was very uncomfortable with all the people standing over us while we ate because they were waiting to be seated. Ruby Slippers serve great food, but this location missed the mark.Ruby Slipper used to be the GREATEST breakfast place in NOLA.  Unfortunately, the last three times I've gone have been disappointing.  The wait is always long, which was worth it in the past, but now does not seem reasonable.  I always get the "Benedict" style plates.  They have taken to really skimping on the sauces and have topped the dishes with hardboiled eggs (instead of properly poached eggs).  Together, the dishes are terribly dry.  Waiting an hour and paying $20+ for food should guarantee perfection.  Granted, the owners are expanding at a rapid rate, but they need to stay on top of consistency/quality, or the lines will dwindle.  Too bad because this place used to kill it!  SAD!My wife and I had a great breakfast and exceptional customer service by the servers.  The food was amazing and the ambiance was great.  This is a busy place, the line was out the door but definitely worth the wait.This place is still rockin'. I have been here at least half a dozen times since my initial review. I am always happy to come here. Lately I've been hitting up the sandwich menu and have not been disappointed. The club is big enough to feed two easily and is packed with high end turkey, ham and bacon.. The chicken salad is awesome and is served on great multi grain slice bread. The burger is killer. I may have to head back there soon! Like now!!Great for breakfast/brunch, the Brandy Milk punch is fantastic. April is friendly  and knowledgeable about the the area and history.Went around 1 pm. Timely service and the food was amazing. Their iced coffee is phenomenal and the mimosas were great. Overall great experience for such a busy place.The one star was a gift!
Didn't get to eat here and will never give it another chance.
A server's SO and baby walked in and were given the table that we had been waiting for.
We have never walked out on a restaurant, but felt we had no choice after that treatment.We had breakfast and the wait was acceptable. They have a bloody Mary that include a bacon infused alcoholic concoction (my buddies had to sample it). Portion sizes are good, overall I'll be back if I'm in the neighborhood.Welcoming service,  delicious drinks and spot on food!
Try the Cuban breakfast, more than enough to share. 
We spent 2 mornings here!Cute restaurant with a cozy atmosphere (and by cozy I mean waitresses bumping your chair and bustling people squeezing past you) but if you aren't in the aisle, it's a great place to eat. The noisy atmosphere and long wait outside in the heat/cold/rain are all part of its quaint charm. Be aware that even on a slow day you'll be waiting at least a half hour to squeeze into a seat. The food was decent: I ordered the salmon Benedict and regretted to find out the salmon is chopped, not thin slices as I like my smoked salmon to be. Also a little too salty, including the omelette my boyfriend ordered. The double mimosas, though pricey, were absolutely divine. Love the touch of pomegranate! We will definitely be back for more, just maybe with a piece of toast to tie us over before breakfast.The food was absolutely amazing. I had the fried green tomatoes sandwich, and my friend had the bananas foster and both were exceptional. It's been a few days, and I'm still thinking about the bananas foster. Wow! The service was ok though -  our waitress didn't seem too happy to be working there - or maybe she was having a bad day.Loved The Ruby Slipper for brunch. We had the fish and it was perfectly prepared. What a lovely brunchI've heard so much about the Ruby Slipper and how great it is. I am a sucker for brunch and mimosas but the Ruby Slipper didn't wow me like Surrey's or Katie's has. 
They have an option to choose two different Benedicts (The Peacemaker), and I think that's awesome for those who are trying this for the first time. I would definitely recommend doing that instead of just ordering one kind, and getting two of the same ones. When you order the Benedict, you get it on two muffins. So when you order the Peacemaker, you get one of each. It's not a smaller portion compared to the original version. I got the eggs Cochon and the chicken st Charles. I liked the eggs cochon more, as I thought the chicken and muffin combination was too dry. 
Overall, it's an okay place to brunch but it's easily not one of my favorites.There is no better breakfast in town. They have amazing monthly specials but it is difficult to pass on my favorite, the eggs cochon.  Inagine: A large buscuit turned into two Benedicts but with tangy pork instead of Canadian bacon, a side of incredible potatoes, and a special side of candied bacon that must have been prepared by God, himself.  My mouth waters every time I think about it.Hands down to this place. Heaven in my mouth!! From bloody Mary's with bacon to my Benedict. Yumm yumm yummI have to tell you that the food was so good that a stunned silence fell over the table! We couldn't believe how delicious it was! The shrimp and grits.....oh, the shrimp and grits! I never imagined they would be so wonderful! We also had the "flight" of pancakes that had me wishing I was a cow, with four stomachs to fill! No kidding! We waited for an hour or so to get a table but we would wait two if necessary. This is the very best breakfast place I have ever been to in all of my 50+ years! I live in Arizona and can't wait to go back! I already have a return trip planned in November and you can best believe The Ruby Slipper is on the agenda!I just love this place! The breakfast is always plated  nicely and it looks very delicious. It's a family orientated restaurant and is loads of fun for the family. There is a bing bag toss game out back that's fun to play. Staff is welcoming and friendly.Delicious!  My husband and I dropped by here on the morning of the Endymion parade (the Saturday before Mardi Gras day) and loved it.
I had an egg dish like Eggs Benedict but instead of Canadian Bacon it had pulled pork.  So good!  My husband had bacon, eggs etc which was very good.  Loved it and will go back for the Bananas Foster French Toast!My boyfriend and I drove by the Mid-City Ruby Slipper a few weeks ago, and upon seeing a line around the block, decided to check out the new location in the Marigny.  It wasn't as busy as the downtown or Mid-City location, so it was easy to get a seat for two.  I actually like the space much better than the original location.  The building has seating at the bar, regular tables, and a small separate area that could probably serve for private events.  The same menu you know and love from the Mid-City location is served here, and served by many of the staff who have been working at the original location for years.Great breakfast. Bloody mary is awesome. Banana foster french toast is a great new way of redoing an old dish. Don't miss this place for breakfast.This is a great place. I have an allergy to mammal so I really appreciate their vegan and vegetarian options. The chicken sausage is amazing. When I used to drink, I loved the Mimosa's. If you would like a nice brunch this is definitely a great option.Yes, it was a busy Sunday, but the wait was too much. Our server rarely checked up on us and we had to walk up to her a few times and eventually the manager to see what was going on with the food. I usually am not the one to complain about food wait time but this was ridiculous. The manager comes up to us and the first thing he says is "well it's only been 20 minutes". I don't need to hear that. He eventually brought out our food and took care of our party from them on but our original server was nowhere to be found. I'm from LA, California so maybe the people in NOLA are more patient.As long as people are foolish enough to wait 30 min-1 hour for this mediocre food and service, the less the wait will be at other superb, but underrated (by people who are fooled into believing places like the Ruby Slipper are the "top 5 breakfasts in Nola") breakfast joints in the city. Please keep coming here and freeing up space and shortening long lines at the legit breakfast spots! Thank you!AMAZING food!!!
Very cute and quaint type of place. Very homie and country style diner. 
Food was soo good! Portions were huge and everything  was under 15 dollars. 
Location is a little tricky and it's pretty far from the heart of bourbon but it's worth the walk!Great service!   Great food!  Best fried green tomatoes I have had.  Beats South Carolina!  Grits were very tasty!   Buttermilk pancakes had great buttery crust on the outside!  Don't even need syrup.   Cane syrup butter was good too!I was really happy to have a check in coupon for a drink which made me happy.  Thr food was good as we were looking for a good brunch spot and most places downtown were booked.Best breakfast yet!   Fresh, homemade hash, crispy breakfast potatoes and fluffy biscuits!   Piping hot coffee with an attentive server who was always refilling my cup!   Would recommend to anyone who is looking for a nice breakfast spot.The Ruby Slipper Cafe is a new (Spring 2008) Mid-City breakfast and brunch spot that is truly worth the drive from any place in the city.
Right off Canal, this tiny cafe cooks up simple and delicious breakfast items that are never greasy and always served with a touch of innovation such as brie in their european omelets or a dab of marshmallow cream on their pumpkin pancakes.  The Three Little Pigs omelet is to die for with its bacon, ham, and sausage.
All the coffee sold here is Fair Trade, which is totally awesome!  They also have breakfast cocktails like the mimosa and bloody mary.  (EDIT FEB 2009:  I had the Bloody Mary yesterday.... AMAZING!!!!! garnished with a pickled green bean)
Its run by husband-and-wife locals from the area.  One heads up the neighborhood association and the other renovates local homes.
Oh how I wish this was my neighborhood breakfast joint and not a drive away....Amazing food, great atmosphere in an old bank building with the cashier cage still intact.  The food was out of this world.   Brunch with a southern flair.  
We went on a Sunday and had to wait about 30 minutes for a table, there was a line out the door.  Make a reservation!   
Great location, service is tremendous, and the menu is superb!
Definitely a must go when in New Orleans!Delicious breakfast, lots of options and Bloody Mary was on point. Service was great, we had a wait on a Thursday morning, but it was not bad, and they will text you so you can wait outside.The food is excellent in both presentation and flavor! Authentic NOLA style breakfast/brunch. I had the Eggs Cochon. It was a little too much food for me, but it was delish.  My friends had the Eggs Gulf Stream and the Bennie...both wonderful. They cleaned their plates!  I tasted the bloody mary and is was perfectly seasoned.  The prices are reasonable.  Yes, get there, put your name in and be prepared to wait 30 minutes...but you can have a drink while you do. It's NOLA...bring your Bloody to the street!We had brunch here this morning and the food was awesome! I got the basic breakfast with scrambled eggs, hash, potatoes, and wheat toast. The people with me got the basic breakfast and the florentine omelet. Everyone was very happy with the food! The service was also really good. We sat outside and were well taken care of with prompt coffee refills and food delivery. Great brunch spot!I try to rectify poor experiences with the restaurant before I write a bad review. Unfortunately, the Ruby Slipper staff failed to response to the email that I sent. 
September 9th, I went to this location with friends. Everything was going well until the server spilled warm shrimp and grits all over my new jeans. She apologized profusely and brought me a dirty rag to clean myself with. Mood? Ruined. 
I had plans to go to a shower after brunch with friends and that was now out. I should also note that the manager on duty never bothered to come over to ask if I was okay and if there anything that he could do. 
When I received my bill, I noticed that I was charged for for the total amount of what I ordered $17. The waitress came over, and I explained that I didn't feel that I should have to pay given that my jeans are ruined and I have wasted show tickets because of the incident. Again, she apologized and went to get her manager. Here's where it gets interesting. He came over and I explained the entire situation to him. He proceeds to haggle which parts of the bill he was willing to comp. I felt like I was in a street bazaar vs a neighborhood cafe.  He explained that I should still pay because I had a nice time and my food was good. Yup, I had a great time sitting with my friends in jeans that had greasy brown gravy all over them. Fun times had by all. 
This exchange went on for about 5-10 minutes when I finally had enough. He ended up comping my bill, my friends paid and we left. There's no email for Ruby Slipper, so I used the contact section of their website. It's been weeks, and I still haven't heard back. This is unfortunate and I won't recommend or patronize this business until I am satisfied with what I hear from their team. 
***** UPDATE**** 10/25
I wanted to update my review, as I did hear from Ruby Slipper last week. Not only did they acknowledge that my email had been overlooked, but they apologized for my experience and provided the manager with the tools on how to work through issues like the one I experience. They also sent me a fabulous card with an invitation to come back to their cafe. Class act! Thank you, Ruby Slipper. You're a 5 star organization!I have recently been informed that the new Marigny location hand delivered invitations to the grand opening to every house in a 2 block radius.  They also sent a mailed invitation to everyone in the zip code and posted in the Marigny newsletter.
That sounds like a fair bit of outreach to me!Came here for brunch after a night of drinking, my friends and I were tired and hungover but still got there at 11:30am. We didn't have to wait long, maybe less than 30 minutes? I ordered the Eggs Cochon, it was delicious! The portion is huge. I could not finish it, but I also wasn't feeling 100%. I also ordered a Bloody Mary, which was delicious. "You can't drink all day if you don't start in the morning".This is a very popular chain for breakfast/brunch and it was easy to see why. The service and food was very good, though Pricey for breakfast, a common theme in New Orleans. We really enjoyed the eggs Benedict, cinnamon swirl pancakes and Chicken St. Charles. Worth a trip, just expect to wait during peak times and expect the price to be a little more than typical.Probably the best brunch I've had in New Orleans. If you don't mind the wait and venturing out of the French Quarter, give it a try.Brunch? And you're in the Marigny? There's no better place than the Ruby slipper. I've been here multiple times, and have yet to eat something not good. They have a changing daily special, but their standard fare is spot on. 
Today's choice was cherry cheesecake stuffed French toast. Quite spectacular. 
This place is usually quite busy, but you rarely wait long for a table. Friendly service and good food make this a must return location.When my wife and I moved to this city 7 years ago to Bayou St. John, the first place we had breakfast here was Ruby Slipper.  After the visit that I just had at our old haunt, if you want to feel like you felt that first time you went to Ruby Slipper, go to Red Dog Diner, down on Magazine.  Ruby Slipper, y'all can enjoy your new location, because I'll never step foot in it.  After waiting an hour for a table watching people sit time and time again before us, even though they showed up long after us, my family and I decided the condescending manager's response to our having to wait an additional "15-18 minutes" was not appropriate, and we left.  Never to come back.  We were there to say goodbye to a location that held memories for us very dear.  Goodbye Ruby Slipper, you've slid over the years, and we've kept going, but no more.Came based on the rave reviews..... Food was meh. Good, attentive service. Great coffee. My wife commented that the fries were the best part of her meal. She got the Croque something or another, definitely nothing noteworthy. I got the chicken St Charles. WAY overcooked chicken on a giant super dry biscuit topped with a sauce that appeared heavenly but had no taste what so ever. Candied Bacon was good. My wife and I are by no means picky, just were expecting a lot more. We ate about half and then walked down the street and picked up a chicken basket.Four of us had breakfast here this morning and we all loved it. The atmosphere was great, the coffee was strong and delicious and the breakfasts we had were excellent. I had the pancake flight and they were all so good! We will return for sure when in town.Mimosa was bland, I wound up not finishing it. 
Salmon eggs Benedict were ok, looked a bit greasier than I'd like. 
Pancakes were plain, the fresh fruit was good
Wait long. Service ok. 
Coffee, nothing special.Catfish coubion and bananas foster was delicious!!!! Super flavorful. 
The wait is long. Get on the waitlist and be there at the estimated time. They don't text you, they just call your name out. If you don't like the heat, try to sit inside with the air condition.  Otherwise, you're facing Canal st. which is super loud. The food though is finger licking good. During our vacation we had to come back for seconds just because it is that good! Only reason I didn't give it a 5 star was the wait and the service. The first time we came it was jam packed so it took a while to get our check and a second glass of water.Get the fried chicken Benedict. It is unbelievable! Hands down the best fried chicken in NOLA!I went with a large group of friends and we were all very pleased with the meals, service, and staff. The portion size was much larger than expected but a good value for the money. It was good to have fresh fruit in the pancakes that I ordered and not frozen or drowning in sugary syrup. I can see why so many people go there to get eat.I got here about 10 minutes after opening, only to find it locked up. Waited another 10 before they actually opened. There were only about 5 people eating at that time. 
If I could rate this place on the biscuits alone, they'd get a 5, but the flavors in the Benedict's I got were just okay overall. I did the combo Benedict and ordered one shrimp boogaloo and one eggs cochon. I preferred the cochon as the pork was well cooked. The shrimp boogaloo had a lot of tomato and that overpowered the shrimp a little. 
The staff here was super friendly, but I had to ask for a clean mug (mine had a huge mouthprint  of lipstick still on it). She apologized and got me new coffee. 
Overall, good, it nothing out of this world (except those biscuits).Great menu! Everyone in our party was very pleased with their meals. We also ordered the mimosas, with a splash of pomegranate juice, they were delicious.This is probably my favorite brunch spot in New Orleans. I have gotten the migas before and they are delicious but last weekend I decided to get the Eggs Cochon. OMG, where they good. The biscuit and pork were just delicious. If I ever move away from New Orleans I will miss eggs cochon! My husband got the Corned Beef Bennie and he thought it was amazingly good. The pieces of corned beef were big and tasty! And the horseradish cream...Yum! The drinks here are good too. I've had bloody mary's, mimosas, peach bellinis and they are all tasty and not stingy on the booze. Despite almost always having a wait I love this place and will happily come back!This place is great! Delicious food and friendly staff. I tried a couple of different signature benedicts each time and all were delicious! At the last visit, I tried the vanilla stuffed french toast with peach crumble on top. Y'all, it was amazing!! Do yourself a favor and give this place a try. Sometime there's a long wait but it's definitely worth it.Get the croque madame and read the sign on the wall explaining the restaurant name.  Glad they're in the neighborhood!FANTASTIC. If you're in town come here for breakfast or brunch. The drinks are incredible, the food is top notch and the service is out of this world. Jack took great care of us and made it an enjoyable meal for us. I LOVE THE RUBY SLIPPERWe visited this restaurant in New Orleans on Canal Street. The food was outstanding. Wow. The portions were huge and the priced very reasonable. We kept coming back. If you go this restaurant ask for Jamie. She was an awesome server. I highly recommend her and this restaurant.Best breakfast in NOLA! Double mimosas, biscuits to die for, excellent ambience, and even better service. Duvie was very informative and energetic! Oh, and the chicken st Charles and bananas foster were nothing short of a taste explosion! I ate so much but I'll be back soon. Highly recommended!!Three times now we've been here. One meal was just eh....the second one was pretty good, but today. Ugh. 
No. The Croque Madame on Challah sounds like a good idea, but they dip it in custard so that it's really french toast (which makes it a Monte Cristo). Which means it's soggy. The crusts were also burned. It was kind of a gross sandwich. If I have to cut away a good chunk of it as inedible, what's the point?
And the salad was equally bad. Some of the greens were rotten. There's no excuse for serving me salad that's past its prime.
You have to step up your game. There's lots of good food in this town and there's no excuse for serving soggy food and a crummy salad at 11AM on a Monday morning.Great brunch menu selection! Delicious mimosas and very friendly staff! We got the hot smoked salmon omelette, skinny migas, and the salmon bennie!I had a great breakfast there today.  Service was lovely,  good coffee,  nice atmosphere.  Will be back for sure.Yummy good sized portions! As a local New Orleanian, the authentic flavor Is the truth!Is it just me or is everyone in New Orleans incredibly nice ??? Which means the service is out of this world. Thank you The Ruby Slipper for making our breakfast one that we will remember. Not only was the food delicious but the waiter who took our order was genuinely kind and interested in his costumers.Great breakfast place.  The best Bloody Mary that I have found in this city so far, add the bacon and I don't see anyone surpassing it.  Home made pancakes, too many Eggs Benedict varieties to list here.  You just can't go wrong.  You will likely have to wait, but it IS worth it.Wonderful service and everything was wildly tasty - the breakfast dishes are really creative takes on NOLA and Southern classics - we snuck in early when there was no line so the experience was perfectCame here for brunch and I tried the French toast. They somehow managed to serve me dry French toast. There was barely any batter on it. I had their candy bacon, which was really good. We were a party of seven, and most of us were not happy with our food. Service was okay.The BEST BRUNCH I'VE EVER HAD!!! Mary was our waitress and she was awesome! She suggested a few tweaks we could make (I'm not a fan of eggs Benedict) and it turned out to be the best meal I've ever had. I will dream about this place when we go back home.Loved it!
I went by myself and everyone seemed to be thrown off by that - LOL. But they were nice. I got eggs Florentine with pork! It was amazing. And it certainly doesn't require a side - I couldn't finish it! Great flavors. Their mugs are ADORBS too.
Loved it.Very nice atmosphere and ambience! The food was very delicious and it is a very wide selection to meet all of your needs or wants!Cochon eggs benny!!!
Got the trio and it was the best! 
Good service 
Bloody Mary's had a watered down taste though.Banana foster French toast was ok. Not the best I ever had. The catfish and grits special needed salt to the grits! Food was just mediocre! Great customer though and great atmosphere!The food was above average but the service was amazing!! The guys at the bar MJ and Jacob were amazing!! So nice and so funny!! Also great bloody marry!!Had brunch here on a Saturday. It was a busy day but I took into consideration the festivals in the city. We only waited about 10 minutes to be seated. Server and waitress were very nice. I gave 4 stars instead of 5 due to the parking lot not being easy to find and no good direction when you walk in the door to be greeted. The food was amazing: 
3 Lil Pigs Omelette was cooked to perfection! 
Big Easy Mimosa was very tasty! 
Corn Beef Bennie was great alsoPig candy bacon????  it. Mimosa fan? Make sure you try their signature mixes. You won't be disappointedLoved this little breakfast spot.  We were lucky to go mid week as I fear it's busy on weekends.  There is a great selection and everything was delicious.  Only drawback was I prefer fluffy biscuits but may be that this is how they are made in NOLA.  everything was fresh, the omelettes were excellent and they'll adapt eating preferences such as egg whites, etc. I will be back when visiting and would definitely recommend it when you travel here.  Out of the touristy areas in a cute neighborhood.Was in New Orleans for a conference. While on a daily stroll, a local told me to check out this place. Should have followed my gut... I was disappointed. I had the fried chicken biscuit. I don't eat pork so I had a hard time choosing menu items that weren't covered in a pork gravy or that didn't have pork in them. I chose the fried chicken biscuit and subbed the pork gravy for hollandaise on the side. A huge square biscuit cradled a split chicken breast crowned by 2 poached eggs. I made two open faces sandwiches. Unfortunately the hollandaise sauce was bland as was the fried chicken and also the biscuit. C'mon. It's Nola. The fried chicken should have been able to stand on its own. Nope  So,I had  lot of hot sauce  and syrup. Bummer. I liked the ambiance and it seemed to be pretty popular. It just didn't fly for me.There are three Ruby Slipper locations in NOLA...hands-down, this one is the BEST!
If you're staying in the French Quarter, make the walk through the awesome neighborhood of Marigny and go here.  It's SO worth it.  This is the best breakfast NOLA has to offer.
Try the Bananas Foster Pain Perdu to experience ecstasy!This place is amazing. 5 stars for food, service, ambiance, value and cleanliness. Visit Mirinda, one of the sweetest servers ever. Strawberry banana pancakes will knock your socks off. Will definitely be back.Definitely worth the wait. The food & drinks were perfect! I had the catfish & grits (Brandy milk punch)  & my husband had the BBQ shrimp & grits (boozy iced coffee) = YUM 
We also shared an order of bananas foster pain perdu that was delicious!
Jack was awesome, great customer service, very attentive & knowledgeable.Solid brunch spot! So happy yelp did not steer me wrong! I don't eat chicken, but my friends kept crying over the chicken sausage. A bit of a wait but very much worth it.The wait for this place is bananas on most days, but well worth it. 
I haven't been to the Marigny location, but my friends and I didn't like the service at the CBD one at all. We found them to be rude and unaccomodating for simple requests (even for asking for the biscuit on the side instead of it touching the main food). Perhaps they are tired of dealing with tourists, but we weren't being demanding, so I don't know. Anyhow, instead of talking the CBD location down, I'd rather talk the Mid City one up. 
Parking in the surrounding community is easy to find and you can order a drink from the bar while you wait. Seriously, you're probably going to wait. Once you get in, the mimosas are spot on and the grits creamy. Food comes fast and my friends tell me the biscuits are light and fluffy = spot on. Favorites include the corn beef hash benedict, migas, and BBQ shrimp and grits. It's nice that they try to source local ingredients and invest in the community. I highly recommend for a delicious breakfast.The morning wait can be fairly long, but with good reason... these guys know how to do breakfast right!
Did the pick 2 bennies and a friend did 2 other options, we split them, giving us 4 different dishes to try each. 
All of them were a hit, with the exception of the corned beef. It's not that the corned beef was bad, it just lacked the zest of the other 3 (chicken being a surprising #1)
Drinks were made well, tho pricing may be high on some of the options compared to other establishments. Service was fantastic. Food was delish- perfectly cooked, correct temp & well plated.
We went back the next day. Yeah, that good.This places is amazing! Friendly faces, great atmosphere and excellent food! I love the natural lighten and trendy decor. This is our 2nd visit wait 3rd visit in 24 hours. LOL!!  The ruby slippers has many locations but, this is my favorite!Love this place... great local vibe, gourmet breakfast and amazing morning cocktails. A little off the beaten path, but worth the trip...I had The Ruby Slipper Cafe bookmarked for quite some time now before finally getting to try it on my most recent trip to New Orleans. I was glad I put our name in ahead of time using the Yelp waitlist feature, because a party of 3 people on a Friday morning had about a 30 minute wait. We pulled up and parked just as they were announcing that our table was ready.
The space is small and quaint - this particular location is an old house and we ate right by the fireplace in the "living room". The service was fast and friendly - you can tell that they wanted you to feel welcome but they also want to turn their tables over as quickly as they can without being rude. 
I ordered the "Peacemaker" which allowed me to pick any two Benedict dishes. I opted for the Chicken St. Charles and the Shrimp Bugaloo. Oh. My. Flavor. Gods. Both dishes had amazing combinations of flavor and I could have easily eaten another entire order. The biscuits were buttery and flaky; the chicken was moist and juicy; the shrimp were succulent; and the eggs were poached to perfection. The sauces they accompanied both dishes pulled the entire thing together. 
I can tell you with all honesty and sincerity, I truly believe this place is worth the wait /the hype/whatever. It's good. Period.Every time I come to New Orleans my trip isn't complete without going to the Ruby slipper. Best brunch place in all of NOLA . My go to is the St Charles which can't be beat. It's just so delicious. Also try the BBQ shrimp and grits again words can't explain how good it was. I had a berry mimosa and 2 brandy milk punches. (yum) This place is very popular so make sure you have a reservation or come early. Can't wait to go back when I'm in Nola again!This place is a must visit when you are visiting New Orleans! There are usually a huge line during the week end but I was already alone and I get a spot on the bar fast. Their dishes are very tasty and I liked the ice coffee. However, the regular hot coffee is not so great, but more like any dinner coffee place.Love this place! Food was absolutely delicious.  Wait time wasn't bad. Staff was very friendly. I highly recommended this place. I went for breakfast and everything was amazing, pancakes,  grits, catfish, mimosas.We enjoyed our meal.  We went for Sunday brunch which was probably not the best time to go because we waited an hour to be seated.  The good thing about that was the bar was open and you could get any of their signature drinks, with or without alcohol. lol.  I also liked that we could track how many guest were being seated in front of us and where we were in line.  I would suggest to anyone going to eat there go on a week day if you can and if you can't use the online checkin feature they offer. As for the food, very very good.  I haven't seen biscuits that big in a long time. Grits were good and creamy.  Pancakes were out of this world. My friend had the french toast and said it was perfect. We ate at the location on Magazine street in the garden district.We were huge fans of "Mother's" and the last 2 times we ate there it was not that good. A friend told us to go here, and we went 2 days in a row. Just amazing service, food, vibe, coffee-- it doesn't  get better. I had Banana Foster French Toast and Shrimp & Grits. Just awesome. Crowded, but worth the wait.Seriously the best breakfast ever!! The St. Charles Chicken, Eggs Cochon, and BBQ Shrimp and Grits are just too die for!!! Don't forget to try the Brandy Milk Punch! We CANNOT go to NOLA without a bunch here!!!!!  :-DLook honestly this place is just a little overrated. At least this one is less of a tourist trap than the one in the CBD. 
I ordered scrambled eggs, bacon, w/ biscuit and french toast. The scrambled eggs were pretty good. Although I could make it better at home. The biscuit was GREAT. The French toast though was kind of dry and also using standard Texas toast bread. It really would be beneficial to use French Brioche. Not that much more expensive for them to do that, believe me.Was looking to go somewhere different and non-touristy for breakfast on a Saturday morning and decided on Ruby Slipper Cafe. There was a bit of a wait at 9:30 but it went by quickly and my friend was able to get coffee for the wait while we sat outside and passed the time on a beautiful morning. As we were seated I was able to observe what others were dining on and everything looked fabulous!  I ordered a special, Eggs Cochon (a large biscuit topped with pulled pork, 2 poached eggs, hollandaise and fresh chives) and a "double" mimosa. My food was great but I would have been happier with a little more hollandaise on top, there was only about a tablespoon (if that much) of the decadent sauce sitting on top of each egg. Our server was very pleasant and prompt and there was no problem when my non-meat eating friend wanted to substitute spinach for the bacon (an abomination!) on her egg order. Overall, I was happy with everything but found 10 bucks for one mimosa served in a wine glass to be kinda steep. Oh, well, I'll know that for next time when I try the pancakes.My friend and I came here for brunch a few times on the weekends. It's a great little place with quick table turnover. Every time I've been here theres been about 5-8 names ahead but we just go grab a double mimosa and sit out front 20 mins tops until they call us in. I always get their version of eggs benny (forget the exact name of it right now) but it's always delicious and the dropped eggs are cooked properly. Once I tried the carrot cake pancake that was the special for the day and it was sooo yummyy! Even though it's super busy the waitstaff is always attentive, on top of everything, and quick to refill your mimosa if asked :) All in all it's a great little place. I've never been to the other location but im assuming it's probably the same.My boyfriend and I recently moved to the area and decided to use yelp to decide some of our meals for the weekend, and I am soooo happy that we decided on this for breakfast! As soon as we pulled up there were people waiting outside for tables (this is always a good sign since it was almost noon!) by the time we found our parking spot and put our name in I was beyond ready for some food! The wait went by quick, maybe ten minutes. The actual restaurant is very little but very cozy. I had the Irish praline coffee and the eggs black stone, this was seriously the best breakfast I have ever had (except for my moms cooking of course ;)) my boyfriend and I will definitely be coming back here and taking family and friends when they visit us!No tourists at this one! The perfect way to get the good stuff without waiting in the line at the locations in the Quarter. Good drinks, awesome specials. I had some amazing bacon praline pancakes and a custom omelette. Use this app to reserve your spot in line and you'll get seated almost instantly.Awesome ambiance and delicious food. Big drinks! Superior service. Highly recommended. Use the No wait app. Super crowded.We couldn't make up our mind on which Bennie to get - peacemaker option is there for you! The Egg Cochon and Shrimp Boogaloo did NOT disappoint.
We also licked our plate clean on the Costa Rican..
And the Bloody Mary was the best one we've had, and we even did a Bloody Mary tour of Austen, TX. It truly is award winning.standard breakfast fare. i had the shrimp and grits which was pretty good. the service is always super nice.The BBQ shrimp and grits are stellar, just stellar. Their house Bloody Mary is a delight that any fan of the cocktail will recognize as being done right.Amazing Bloody Mary. Bacon infused is the bomb. Also love the eggs black stone and the migas.Great location, terrific menu, and delicious food! The wait was long for Sunday brunch, but it's understandable why, and the staff was helpful about getting us our table ASAP (about 40 min.). Our server Veronica was especially friendly and accommodating, esp. in light of how incredibly busy it was. She was all smiles, so happy to help, and remarkably speedy and efficient with our orders and special requests. Thumbs up to Veronia, manager Justine, and the whole team! (P.S. love those biscuits!)Meh. Surrey's on Magazine or Elizabeth's (Bywater) seem to consistently have better breakfast, and service is a tad snappier too . This last Ruby Slipper visit involved a fly swimming in a coffee and very mediocre food . I swear their food used to be better .I was able to get seated almost immediately, we used the no wait app to put our names down below we left to walk over (15 mins walk). I was impressed that we were seated so quickly as it was really busy.
I think that's when I stopped being impressed, it took a lot of time for our drinks and food to come out. I had a bacon infused vodka bloody mary that was absolutely delicious but then we waited over an hour for our entrees to come out. My dish was okay but had fried plantain chips in it and they got very soggy. The corned beef hash was good but there were some pieces that were all fat / tendon and I don't think those should have been served.
The waitress did not bring out my friends side of breakfast potatoes after waiting for so long and said the kitchen had run out.Place was great. No wait. Wife got a spiced chicken Benedict that was fantastic.  Chicken was really moist and had great flavor
I got a standard southern breakfast. Scrambled eggs were cooked properly and so was the applewood bacon.  Man it was good
The syrup butter that came with mine was also outstanding.  If staying in the New Orleans area, you really need to check this place out
PS our waitress was on top on her game as wellLove the Ruby Slipper, and this location might be my new favorite!  Wait staff was wonderful and the food delish!  Have a fab breakfast and enjoy boutique shopping after to walk it off!We live in walking distance so we figured we would try it out. It was a Wednesday morning around 11:30 am when we arrived. It wasn't very busy inside but the staff acted like it was noon on a Sunday?! Maybe they were understaffed? I'm not sure but we waited about 10 minutes before our server even asked us what we would like to drink. We ended up moving outside because it was very warm inside. I ordered a cappuccino which was very good. We then ordered pancakes with sausage, a biscuit and that was also very good. By the time we had put our food order in there was a wait to be seated. The food was great, prices were great, service was okay at best. I might try this place again.The Bananas Foster Pain Perdu was amazing. I also got the milk punch and a mimosa that was mostly champagne with a dash of oj. Really long wait though for other parties but since we only had 2 in our party we got in pretty quickly.They mixed up tables and sat other people at our table and then they told us to wait another 15 mins after waiting 30.... and the wait was and I quote max 20-30. Poor customer service but then they gave us free food as an apologyI have dined here many, many times in the past and have always taken my friends here for brunch when they're in town visiting.  Unfortunately, I will no longer be dining at Ruby Slipper.  They recently started utilizing the "nowait" app.  I noted this when I visited months ago and downloaded it, but it wasn't in service for their restaurant at that time so I forgot about it.  Yesterday my friend and I arrived for breakfast at 10:30am with her having a flight out at 2:00pm - plenty of time, right?  Nope.  We put our name in and I received a text at 10:35am noting that we had been added to the list.  The hostess told us at time of check in that it would be "45 minutes, but probably much less than that" so we decided to wait.  We got our mimosas and stood outside...and waited.  And waited.  Finally we went and just sat in my car because it was so crowded outside and all of the outside seating was wet from the rain.  
At one hour of waiting, my friend went in to ask what the deal was because we had seen multiple groups both large and small arrive after us and get seated before us.  We then learned this was apparently due to them checking in on the nowait app remotely and showing up.  Ok, fine, I understand, but still - we were told 45 minutes or less.  The hostess told my friend there were four tables in front of us, so we decided to keep waiting.  I wanted to get another mimosa at this point but there were six people lined up at the bar so I decided to just wait until we were sat because there was physically no more room to even allow me to wait in line.  
After waiting for over an hour and fifteen minutes and seeing six groups go in after the hostess told us there were four groups ahead of us, I went to speak with the hostess.  At this time, I told her she had quoted us on 45 minutes wait time or less and it had now been nearly an hour and a half and my friend had a flight to catch.  She told me that no, she had told me it'd be at least a half an hour - lying to my face, and not trying to remedy the situation in any way.  Another potential customer who was looking to be sat as a two top as well came in while I was speaking to her and said he'd been waiting over an hour and a half.
I put myself through high school and college working service industry so I completely understand how wrong things can go.  I'm guessing they had staffing issues that day because people tend to call in around the holidays.  I  know they had a lot of large parties there that day due to the bowl game in town.  I also know that if we had local customers, especially two tops, who had been waiting an hour and a half for their tables, I would put them ahead of the 8 top of out of towners who would probably never come to the restaurant again.  I say this especially because there are notices plastered all over their walls noting they may not be able to seat parties larger than 6 and never parties larger than 8 - and yet they were taking away most of the smaller tables to combine them for the large parties.
My fiance has refused to eat here for months because he says the food is sub-par - bland, usually cold when it comes out, and they took the Reuben and made it into not-a-Reuben.  The food has always been pretty eh but the mimosas and service were top notch so I kept coming.  Now that I've received such poor service, I have no reason to return to eat mediocre food.  For anyone still reading at this point - we ended up going to Superior Grill where we were sat right away, they served us drinks in less than two minutes while taking our order, brought out the food including fajitas in less than ten minutes, and had us out of there in 45.  So if you're looking for a restaurant that actually cares about service, go there instead.This has been on my to eat list since we moved here and I would say its the best breakfast place thus far.  The staff especially Ashley was extremely helpful and people friendly. She enjoys interacting with the customers.  I had the stuff french toast and peach Bellini aaaamazing!The staff was innatentive, though friendly.  I ordered the CBH eggs Benedict. The menu description was much more interesting than the reality and even though the food arrived promptly, it was cold.Stopped by in on a Sunday and was disappointed by it.  We ordered the stuffed french toast and the chicken st charles and fully enjoyed it.  The mimosas are not bad either,  looking forward to visiting against out next trip.The service was exceptional! I was very impressed with food and service. My waitress was so sweet and patient. I will certainly be back. The wait was crazy, but glad I put my name on list ahead which made a difference.Tasty Bloody Mary; almost as good as mine! Girlfriend's mimosa was disappointing though. It didn't taste like fresh squeezed OJ. (Yes, we did do more than drink in New Orleans!).
Croque Madame was excellent. We also had the pork eggs Benedict and the pork was super succulent.  We went a second time and split the tex-mex scramble which was equally delicious.
Nice atmosphere and god service. Good place for brunch in the Marigny.I cannot rave enough about this place. Before moving out of state this was my neighborhood spot. The long wait is a testament to how amazing not only their food is, but the dining experience. Service is great and wait staff is super friendly. I think I have had at least one of everything on the menu and never had a bad meal.Using the no Wait app to get in line ahead of time is great. The new Broad street location has a parking lot, I love it.This was the best experience!!! Our waiter was so nice and pleasant! Great location with games and a bar to have fun while you wait!!!!! I'll definitely come back here!!!!Unforgettable!!
This location left my husband and I very happy. The service was great. Joe is the manager and, oh man, does he understand the meaning of customer service. He was just so genuine. Our server, Niece, was very honest and professional, yet friendly. We were sold. Then the food. The food was fresh and it was very apparent that it was from scratch. It was very affordable and the portions were more than enough. I can't wait to go back.Such a cute place. I've never been a fan of grits, but after this visit I realized when done right I can eat a whole bowl. Specifically, their shrimp and grits were delicious! Their biscuits are ginormous and if you like lots of butter on your bread, then ask for more of their special butter (don't even know what they called it) because you'll want to slather it on their biscuit. This is starting to sound dirty. Moving on. I ordered a cochon benedict of some sort and ugh was that so good. It was definitely large enough for me to share with one other person, but I love left overs so I wasn't mad. Would totally come back. The place fills quickly, but if you go early enough, you can beat the waitlist.Excellent breakfast, good people, we shared Eggs St. Charles with neighbors. My 3 Little Pigs, with spinach was perfect. Grits, Pineapple Stuffed Cheesecake French Toast finished a great meal.Really quite a good breakfast and brunch spot. I eat here often, usually in the context of a breakfast meeting. Their menu is unique without being pretentious or overwhelming. Every single item I've ordered has been delivered to my table on time and prepared exactly as I expected it. Service is very much in the character of a neighborhood joint--casual and maybe a bit rattled during busy times. But Johnny-on-the spot in tending to the diners' needs. 
Must try items include their European Omelette and their Eggs Blackstone. Order the grits on the side, as the texture is heavenly and complements the eggs so beautifully. Their oatmeal is a masterpiece, if one can refer to oatmeal in that way. Good coffee, essential in New Orleans, especially at breakfast.Food was good!! But this is not a place I would recommend or ever come to again. Yes sometimes a wait is expected. But if you are the type of restaurant that's lucky enough to be that one, please try to not run off your waiting clientele.
So have a bar...they do.  With one really sweet bartender. Who was really slow.  
Or have someone bringing water or appetizers to the people waiting outside.  
Or something.  I was the one who knew there were a lot of other great places to get brunch in NOLA who was with a friend that had heard the Ruby Slipper name.  Waiting an hour and a half for a table was barely acceptable.  When we were seated the table was so close to the bar, kitchen and walkway to the bar that we had to lean sideways when people were at the bar or when waitstaff came by.  
Waitress was gone for long enough that I stood up to ask bartender for more water. Fortunately I didn't have to take even a single step!!  Manager seemed to notice and assured me waitress would be right there.  She brought drinks and food and dropped off the ticket within 5 minutes.  Said just let her know if we wanted to add anything to the ticket.  
Again.  If you want to be a spot people want to go to, get yourself together.  
Have been to another location in the Quarter and found the same issues.  
This place is no Commander's Palace, although they are mighty proud of their $10 mimosas.Great mimosas and great food, always a winning combination! Come early since every location is always packed and be prepared for wonderful customer service.I was looking for a great bowl of shrimp & grits so I decided to try this cafe. The atmosphere, service, & Mimosa were far better than the shrimp & grits. My husband had their version of Eggs Benedict and he loved it.Delicious food.  Had the pacemaker and mimosas.  My favorite was the cochon.  I highly recommend it.  I also had the boogoolo which was good as well but I prefer the Cochon.The trifecta was outstanding that my wife & I shared.  We visited for the weekend and family had recommended this establishment.  We will definitely return during the next visit.  No wait for seating, breakfast was served quickly, and the facility was not loud.
Enjoyed!!!Came to this location for brunch with some friends. 3 out of 5 of us enjoyed our meals so that's a good sign. Can't remember what everyone ordered but I'll do my best lol. I had the eggs dauphine which was the special of the day. It consisted of fried green tomatoes with poached eggs and shrimp with a tomato basil sauce on top of two huge homemade biscuits. Not bad but not good, just okay. The hits of the table included the crab cakes with poached eggs which was BOMB. The cherry pancakes with vanilla glaze were also delicious and the banana foster French toast was by far my favorite. The shrimp and grits, ehh....wouldn't recommend them. They have a tomatoey base to them and are just not good. Overall I would definitely say come to this place.Best place I've ever had breakfast. What a gem of a place. Great service. Great food. The Bloody Mary was the best I've had in a long time.Amanda was so friendly and recommended her favorites which frankly were all the menu items. The place is adorable. 
I had the drum and cheesy grits - amazing. The coffee is superior.This place was so amazing!!!  For starters, our server, Sheree, gave us the best costumer service experience we have ever had in New Orleans.  She was so attentive and friendly.  And she addressed every need we had and served us our food in a very timely fashion.  The food was very good and the ambiance was perfect! This is the place to be  for breakfast the first time in NOLA!!!!Food was great!  But service was out of this world!  Jack's level of customer service was phenomenal!  I asked for a twist on an adult grilled cheese and Jack guided me to my new favorite sandwich!  
Thank you Jack!We had a real gut-buster of a meal here -- the biscuits were easily as big as our faces, and everything tasted just fine.  Neither one of us could finish our meal, which some might consider to be a good thing, but I think I'd prefer a more reasonable portion size for a slightly lower price.  My husband had the eggs cochon, which came highly recommended from other reviewers.  It was good, but not so good that he wanted to return so he could eat it again the next day.  I had some egg and biscuit thing and, again, could not imagine eating all of it.  We both ordered Irish coffees (because it's New Orleans so why NOT start your day with a buzz?) but switched to regular coffee afterward.  We are seasoned Irish coffee drinkers, and these were neither the best nor the worst we've ever had.  This was a solid breakfast, and definitely worth trying out if you're in the area looking for breakfast.Great brunch and not very expensive! I wish the portions were bigger. Service was decently fast and decently good. You could tell the waiter was there to get the job done. There was a long wait, but you can make a reservation on yelp! I enjoyed it mainly for because the taste to price ratio matched up well.A very cute restaurant but I didn't really care for the food. I had the bacon praline pancakes. Not all that... the side of grits were actually pretty good. Though it was just a little bowl, they were very creamy. Our table was in a bad spot right by the door. It was cold outside so every time someone opened the door we felt the cold air. Another thing I didn't like was that they don't let you exchange what you've ordered if you don't like it. That's terrible. I've never been to a restaurant where they didn't allow thatThe restaurant is a nice local spot. I went early Tuesday morning and it was very easy to be seated. I ordered the southern which is your traditional eggs and bacon breakfast and everything was cooked perfectly. Recommend for an affordable brunch option.A must have brunch spot when in NOLA, The ruby Slipper Cafe never fails. Eggs Cochon and the St Charles Chicken eggs benedict make appearances in my dreams rather often. Can't wait to go back!Imagine it is 2PM on a Sunday and after running errands and often times putting in time at work, you ask yourself, "Self, where can I go get some quality, preferably brunch food in MidCity?" Your answer should never be The Ruby Slipper.  We were once fooled by the good reputation and lines to get in too, but the last four times my husband and I have tried to dine at the neighborhood brunch spot, we have been turned away at least half an hour before 3 (closing time) twice, the eggs where over done in my migas, and the biscuits were sold out. . . An unfortunate evolution of what once was a great spot.loved this place. The coffee was the best I've ever had in my life. I went with friends and everything we ordered was amazing. Note of adivice though, trust the waiting time that they have on their website or on yelp as it is very accurate. I had a lot of issues signing onto the waitinglist although that may have been Yelps fault.So I went here for brunch with my girlfriend on a Friday morning . There was no wait at all , immediately seated! 
The waitress was very very down to earth helping us choose drinks and mimosas! I had the shrimp and grits ( one of their specials) and my girl had a chicken salad sandwich ! 
Both meals were great ! And the drinks we exceptional ! Highly recommend for a quickieThey have an Amazing brunch!!! When you come here you'll Have to order the Chicken St. Charles! They had Excellent Mimosas!! The Migas was good but make sure to specify how you want your eggs cooked.Service was great! Food was also wonderful. But the reason I gave this one 5 stars is because I felt the staff was happy and went out of their way to make our breakfast a really enjoyable experience. 
Try the Eggs Cochon. Amazing!The egg cochen was delicious! And we got the 2 for 1 mimosa.
Ruth, the waiter was really friendly.The food was very under seasoned and cold. I have now been to two different locations and both did not live up to the hype, I don't understand what people like about this place!!!!!!Server was wonderful. Food was great, as always. Cappuccino was surprisingly tasty. Bloody Mary left something to be desired. Hostess was shockingly rude when we asked for a booth (in an empty restaurant on a slow morning). She spent the rest of our time there openly glaring at us, and audibly telling the story of how annoying we were by asking for a booth. An otherwise great visit to one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.This place has a cool casual feel. It is very open and bright with lots of Windows. Service was quick and expedited. It was delightful. Everyone that I was with  enjoyed their dishes thoroughly. I started with a big fluffy biscuit as an appetizer and then ordered The Costa Rican dish. Everything was flavorful and delicious. Empty plates and full stomachs were all that was left.Ruby Slipper is a fantastic addition to the Mid-City restaurant scene, and a much-needed breakfast and brunch place in the neighborhood and on the streetcar route.  They make a mean cup of coffee, and the roasted potatoes are a delicious alternative to hashbrowns.  I typically go with the basic breakfast, which offers ample alternatives to shake things up--unfailingly, the eggs are fluffy and the fruit cup is a nice mixture (never just pineapple and honeydew).  The only thing I would add is to upgrade the jam selection.
Service is always attentive, sunny, and with a smile.
It does get busy on weekends, but that is a testament to the quality of establishment.
The building and space is wonderful, too.
Also, be sure to check out their special hours on holidays--I had a great time getting breakfast t 3AM after the Mid-City bonfire last year.
Ruby Slipper is the new Betsy's!Get there early- gets crowded fast, even on a weekday. A little touristy, but the food is still delicious. Worth the stop.Not totally pleased with this place at all. We used the online check-in process instead of waiting. We had no idea that there was a need to let the host know that we were there, especially since we could see the wait time decreasing on the app. The host saw us waiting, but never said anything to us. After a 1.5 hour wait, and seeing several other groups seated, eat, and leave, we finally asked what happened and we were apprised of the bogus policy. After another 45 minutes wait, we finally spoke with the manager who got us seated in another 10 minutes. Our food was cold after such a long wait. I won't be giving this business any more money, nor will I send anyone else here.Bacon Bloody Mary for breakfast.  With a side of eggs and grits and a home made biscuit...#hangoverremedies
And everything else on the menu is great, too.  No bad deals here.Beyond excellent. Today was chicken st Charles. Fresh buttermilk biscuit, topped with lightly battered fried juicy chicken breast, then with a poached egg and covered with this pork tasso cream sauce. This was a reach back slap ya momma kind of meal. The new place is also excellent. A must revisit.By far the worst experience I've had in NOLA. The manager at 2001 Burgundy, Delores, is inept, rude and couldn't manage her way out of a wet paper bag. It is Essence Festival weekend and Delores can't manage to get it right. Somehow online reservation that are made after (well after) in person reservations are put ahead on the "line". The kitchen is backed up well over 60 minutes. Delores has managed to make this experience the worst I've ever had in the 6 years I've been coming to Essence. If you want to be disrespected and wait for more than 2 hours and then be told another 45 minutes ( along with the 8 other parties waiting over 2 hours) come to The Ruby Slipper and ask for Delores! The wait staff is fantastic! Top rate and friendly. The food was delicious, maybe it was because we were famished....it was extra specially delicious! Order everything.This location has a nice comfortable rustic Nola vibe to it. I love their different menu variations of food and drinks for everyone. If you are there to have intense conversation, be prepared to yell at each other across the room or whisper sweet nothings closely into your friend's ear. :P
I had the shrimp and grits. The biscuit was so fresh and fluffy. The flavor and presentation of the shrimp and grits itself was just okay. I have had better interpretations of this dish at other places. I would definitely come back to explore their menu.Best place ever to eat in Nola! Get the trio! It isn't on the menu so make sure you ask for it. Everything there is delicious don't forgot to try to candy bacon! Out of this world goodFriendly staff and delicious food! I will definitely return to this place when I visit NOLA again. The  eggs benedict were the best I've had. My boyfriend ordered a build your own egg omelette, the eggs were so fluffy and light. All of it was full of flavor! 
We were lucky to have been routed to the Burgundy location, it was noon and there was no wait!Would have got more stars, just the wait I wasn't fond of. If only there was more seating outside to accomidate the waiting customers. Forgot all that I ordered but the best thing was the banana foster french toast. YUMMY.I had the banana foster pain perdu , I don't why I ordered it because I hate bananas lol but I wanted to taste the pain perdu. I used to eat that when I was a kid. Anyways I did like the bananas of course but the rest was really good and my "loulou"/bf had some egg and sausage or grits meal and he loved it. The ambiance is really nice too. We even talked with the manager and he's really niceI love the setting of the place. The food was alright it needs a lil more flavor! Its definitely a cool place to eat with friends while touring N.O.  If u want a better experience for Breakfast & other Food I Recommend Russels Marina Grill!This was a solid place for a weekend brunch, but wasn't our favorite in the city, and was maybe a tiny bit of disappointment based on the hype I had heard from others. I had the shrimp and grits and it was very good, but my husband was disappointed with his breakfast.Food, service, atmosphere all 5 stars.  Bloody Mary's are excellent!  Omelettes are fantastic! Four of us ate there and everything was absolutely amazing!  The place for brunch!Personally this is my favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans. That's saying a lot in a city that it's hard to find bad food in!Be prepared to wait or add your name to the wait list while your getting ready. The food was good. I got the gulf plate and it was delicious! The Bloody Mary is also good with the baconStoped in for breakfast last week, first time at this location.  My 3 little pigs omelet was amazing, filled with lots of delicious ham bacon and sausage,  and the grits where perfect. I love that they have sourdough toast! The ice coffee was very disappointing though.  They had two servers on the floor, which is fine because the restaurant is small. When it came tome for payment though our server was on the slow side. Better ice coffee and quicker service would have easily made this a four star experience.Delicious!! The Peacemaker was EVERYTHING!!! I had the Eggs Cochon and the Chicken St. Charles. The Eggs Cochon was the star of the plate. Also tried the buttermilk pancake, grits, eggs, and the Flight of pancakes off the plates of my sisters. Everything was fantastic!! Best breakfast I've had in a long while!!Crowded on a Sunday morning. 20ish minute wait. I got the basic breakfast... and it was really just that. Nothing to it. Nothing special. My roommate got the BBQ shrimp and grits... wasn't too happy about it either. Probably won't be going back.Breakfast started out delicious celebrating a day in New Orleans with family. I was excited to take them  to this restaurant as it is one of our favs! Be careful walking in an out! My poor mother tripped coming out and hurt herself...she dislocated her finger and scraped herself up pretty bad. Poor thing had to get herself together and just greeted the crowd waiting to get in sprawled out on the ground! The staff was getting her ice in a cup and a plastic bag. (Maybe a good idea to get a first aid kit or at least a ziplock full of ice until we could get her to help.) Thank you to the lady waiting in line that graciously realigned her finger! Thank you to all the patrons that actually cared and stopped to help! Don't get me wrong the food is superb but when something happens like it did today maybe take a name to see if she actually is okay and change the step to a ramp please!Q and Tee were wonderful!  They helped me secure a table for 10 so I could celebrate my birthday. Everyone was over the moon with their meals and brunch cocktails. We will definitely be back. Thank you for a great birthday and fabulous brunch!We had a good breakfast here! I had the Shrimp and Grits and they were not very good at all. My bestie had the Peacemaker with two different egg Benedict's and her food was awesome! I had a side of pig candy which was EXCELLENT! My husband had a standard breakfast plate and it was ok! Overall a nice place! We had no wait. Next time I will go for the benedict's! Nothing else is really worth it!During our 5 day trip to New Orleans, we came here 3 mornings in a row for brunch because it was that good.
This seems to be a pretty popular spot, so there was a wait one of the days, but they let you grab an iced coffee or a drink to help you pass the time.
The interior is very spacious with both booth and table seating and atmosphere is very inviting. The staff here is very nice and attentive.
There was 13 of us coming here for 3 days so collectively we have tried just about everything they have for breakfast.
You can't really go wrong with anything on the menu here so just get whatever sounds good to you and enjoy.
My favorite was the Southern Breakfast, just cause it had everything i love, grits, eggs, bacon, biscuits and fried green tomatoes.
It goes without saying their iced coffee is phenomenal as is most iced coffee in New Orleans.
Will be back when I'm back in NOLAThe food was very good. We both ordered the BL2T, BLT with a fried green tomato and a regular tomato. I had it before at a different Ruby Slipper in Mid-City. This one was different. The green tomato was on one side and the regular tomato was on the other. The other Ruby Slipper had both tomatos on each side. It made for a better sandwich. 
The service was slow. There were three waitresses with 6 tables of people. The order still took 20 minutes to come out. It was a little disappointing for a quick lunch.
Overall the food was good, but the service needed a push.OMG this place gave me  life, the peace offering breakfast was love at first bite.  Service was excellent.  To avoid the line you must go uptown  on magazine.BBQ shrimp and grits!
Recommend yelp reservations, easy in and out. Friendly staff, this is a nice neighborhood location.Went Friday morning (9/2) at approx. 10:15AM and were seated immediately.  I ordered Migas and they were excellent and my friend had the Eggs Blackwell and he thoroughly enjoyed his too.  I also had a bloody mary which was ok.  So we go back Sat. morning 9/3 about 10:30AM and again were seated almost immediately.  I ordered the Eggs Blackwell and they arrived quite bland and cold.  Also had another Bloody Mary.   My friend had the Eggs Cochon and he didn't like his much either but the service was great.   So we decide to return Monday/Labor Day for our final meal in New Orleans.   We arrived (3 of us) at 12:30 and were told it would be approx. 30 - 35 minutes.  We were not seated for almost an hour even though a group of 4 who I held the door for upon arrival were seated in 30 minutes and my friend had us on the list before them.   The restaurant was clearing out as we were seated and by the time our order was taken, approx. 1/2 of the tables were empty.  So we ordered and waited.  And waited, and waited.  After about a 35 minute wait, and the place almost empty, we still had no food even though we were told several times our order would be out soon.  So needless to say, after almost 2 hours and starving we all were a tad irate so we got up and left having only coffee at this place.  And the group of 4 who arrived after us, had already, eaten, paid and long gone by the time we left.   So, on the drive home I got an egg biscuit from McDonalds.  I will never eat at this place again even though I was a regular up until Monday.  Consistency is definitely lacking from this place.  There was no management around and Thank You Ruby Slipper for making a wonderful time in New Orleans end on such a sour note.My most recommended breakfast place for visitors to New Orleans. Multiple locations (and I've been to them all) but this is my favorite. Expect a wait for brunch, but grab a drink from the bar to tide you over until you eat. Go hungry! Thanks Ruby Slipper for keeping you menu fresh by mixing up the specials!!As out of towners, we enjoyed the uniquely southern fare. The pulled pork was tender and had great flavor. I would recommend this brunch spot, but the sides were a little expensive.Great food- some of the best breakfast food we had during our visit in New Orleans.  World-class biscuits! Friendly service. Good grapefruit juice.  Be prepared to wait, especially on a weekend.Went for brunch with a large group. Didn't accept reservations-- though we didn't mind the wait, we couldn't sit together. $10 for a mimosa that really isn't anything special is just ridiculous.  Ordered a chicken sandwich with fries-- mediocre sandwich and cold fries that were on par with something from Wendy's. I would rather spend the money at Coquette next door and get something great for just a little more money. Our waitress, while attentive, seemed a little sassy (and not in a good way).Mimosas are on the alcohol heavier side, but it's New Orleans, can you blame them? Having the seasonal buttermilk pancakes, came with bacon. Perfect! Parking is hard to get, you have to park on the street and wonder if you'll get a ticket, but there's no wait. Sat at the bar or at a table quickly, welcomed to friendly staff! It gets super busy around 11. However, I bought my first mimosa during happy hour so I should have got my second one free. I was charged $10 per mimosa! Anyway, I Shall return.$60 for awful food. My mom got some of the benedicts. The yolk was cooked over hard, the biscuit was dry and she never received the potatoes or water refill she asked for. We were one of 8 tables seated so they werent even busy. I got the smoked salmon omelette which turned out to be sauteed salmon and way too much of it at that. Not a snoked salmon dish at all. My pancake was also severely undercooked. How do you screw up a pancake? One star for the good Bloody Mary.This has to be my favorite breakfast and lunch spot. I visit here at least once a week. I usually prepare myself for a good wait during weekends and peak times, usually an hour. But, they have a no wait app now! I can sign in and it will tell me where I am in line. I live about a mile away and can wait till I get close to my time and head there. I usually grab a Bloody Mary while I wait for my table. I always take note of daily specials. I love their pancakes and opt for one when they have something new on the board. My absolute favorite dish is the eggs blackstone. It's one of many delicious Benedict style dishes on the menu. Open faced biscuit with bacon, grilled tomato and egg with hollandaise sauce. Usually served on a bed of spinach, which I love to include on every bite! I am not a huge fan of the house made corned beef hash. It's not that it's bad, it's just not what I would prefer. I'm sure others will love it. I just wasn't familiar with theirs when I ordered it.Not here for the hype or maybe this was just an overall bad first experience. The one thing I did love is that they are on the No Wait app so we got on the waitlist (in line) while we were getting ready and by the time we got to the restaurant we checked in with the host and our table was ready in about 5 mins. 
Upon walking in, the hostess desk is right there and first impression she is not very welcoming (facial expressions) but she wasnt rude. I checked in with her and shortly after she seated us.
The server came over right after we were seated to take our drink orders. Once she brought our drinks she took our food order.
I ordered the Costa Rican which sounded really good on the menu but I was highly disappointed with it. The description could be a little better but it was also very bland. Everyone's else food varied as well. All the biscuits were rock hard, one ordered over hard eggs and they were clearly not, the grits in the shrimp & grits were gritty, watery, and bland. 
The line was long and all the other locations had long waits so something must be good here but none of us ordered it I guess.This place is ridiculous. Waited 30 minutes for a table, then over an hour for 1 omelette and 1 salad. Spent more than 2 hours to have breakfast. Seriously?? What a waste of time!5/5: food, customer service, atmosphere, location as it was short walk from weekend rental house. 
First time dining at this location. 
Will I return? Yes of courseThe Ruby Slipper Cafe reflects the hospitality of New Orleans with good food and excellent service without being pretentious.  We arrived on a Friday morning on May 19th and found nearby parking on the street.  We were seated at a booth and the cafe was very busy.  Our server Mikael was friendly and attentive.  We started off with a mimosa ($10) and a coke ($2.50) which was refilled several times.  We had an excellent corn beef hash benedict ($13) which consisted of corned beef hash served over a buttermilk biscuit, topped with two poached eggs, horseradish cream, finished with hollandaise sauce.  Our other meal was a special stack of pancakes ($11).  Though the Ruby Slipper is a chain of several cafes in the area, it feels very earthy.  It may be located nearby the French Quarter, a touristy area, the cafe is very welcoming.  Certainly will return.This is for the Marigny location. 
Food was good but *watch your bill*. Very disappointing was the waitress. My 10 year old son ordered the cinnamon pancake and pointed to it on the kids menu as he ordered it, and he also ordered chocolate milk. When we got our bill she charged us for an adult sized pancake meal plus add on bacon (which came with the kids meal), and $4 for a chocolate milk when the children's chocolate milk was supposed to be a $1.50.
Overall she charged us $10 more than she should have.  When I asked her about it she said " Usually you have to say children's".  I pointed out to her that not only did he order it himself but he was pointing to the children's menu when he ordered.  She was totally in the wrong but never once aplolgized and instead made me try to feel like I was some bitchy customer. I was even super nice about it. She revised the bill, but made me wait forever to get back the revised copy. 
It left a bad taste in out mouth about this place. On a positive note, the hostess, a young lady with dreads (I think they had some blue tint to them) was very nice and smiling and welcoming. If not for her I would have given 2 stars. 
The food was decent. It's pretty indulgent so plan to get in a good walk afterward!Typical breakfast food. The pancakes were very large but good. The pork eggs benedict was very tasty.This is a great place for breakfast. In the garden district of New Orleans. Biscuits are delicious. Mimosas are served in a large wine glass. Clean, friendly staff. Highly recommend. 5 starsWorst biscuits I've ever tried.
If you'd like to try hardass biscuits, circa pre-civil war style, this is the place for you! I guarantee Andrew Jackson probably didn't even give these to the slaves, much like freedom. The fried green tomato was a red tomato in disguise. Goddamn, lying confederates! And the breakfast potatoes were presented undercooked, unseasoned and tasting like sadness. Not coming here again.Great place everything my group had was delicious. I had the banana pecan pancakes comes with a side of bacon. Awesome $10 what a bargain. Our waitress, Sandy, was the best!!! Will definitely return!!!!Omg..! Although the cafe was super busy.. but there's a reason for it..!!! The food is amazing..! I had their signature St. Charles chicken.. it was heaven in every bite..!! The service was fast. This place is a must try if you are in town..!We came here before the Saint Patrick's for brunch and our experience was great. The food and drinks were delicious! I would highly recommend the Bloody Mary with bacon infused vodka, it was one of the best bloodies I have ever had.Order the Benedict special. Chicken St Charles, Eggs Cochon, and a shrimp Benedict. The Chicken St Charles was the star- perfect fried chicken. Crispy, moist, and wonderful. All three were great though, but when I come back it'll be for that fried chicken.This restaurant has the most incompetent hostess and manager ive ever experience at a restaurant. We saved our spot on line where the hostess told us 20 mins. Over an hour later, after being passed over about about a dozen times we finally got seated. To make things worse when our party confronted the hostess and the manager they answered with a attitude that was completely rude and uncalled for. Not to mention the hostess denied everything that he had told us earlier, and when we finally did get seated by the MANAGER (who is supposed to be the most polite and cordial person in the whole restaurant) he sat us in the rudest and most disrespectful way. 
The food and waitress were great but your better off going to a different location.Foods good but using Yelp waitlist is no used well.   Additional wait and not seated when Yelp indicates no parties ahead in line.  Very frustrating.Good for breakfast in NewOrleans 
Many choices and a drink menu that says it's ok to start early! Not for the calorie conscious with lots of amazing pancakes and French toast! The egg Benedict have local flare as well.Phenomenal breakfast, difficult to pick what to have because it all looks wonderful.  The Shrimp Boogaloo Benedict is delish. Bloody Mary's with bacon.  The staff is very friendly and ready to make recommendationsCasual all-day breakfast joint.
I can't speak to the entire menu but my "Shrimp Boogaloo Benedict" was like nothing I've ever had.  Superb. 
'Gulf shrimp sautéed with pork tasso, served over fried green tomatoes & a buttermilk biscuit, topped with poached eggs, finished with a creole tomato courtbouillon sauce'
They have a number of other 'Signature Benedicts" that I look forward to trying. 
Bloody Mary done right. 
Torn between 4-5 stars. My little girl nudged me to a five.I was a little nervous trying this new location after seeing some questionable reviews, but everything we had was absolutely perfect. I got the Bananas Foster french toast, while others I was with tried the croque madame (huge and delicious) and some of the benedicts. We all really enjoyed our meals and drinks. I would definitely take advantage of the way they link with Yelp to get in line before you get there. It was so easy and efficient.Awesome food, service, and atmosphere!!!
Bloody Mary with infused Vodka with bacon.  The biggest biscuit with cane syrup butter - flashbacks of my Grandmother's breakfasts. Great great place!!!Had a late breakfast on Tuesday 22 August (long lines on weekend). Lives up to its following. My wife and I had iced coffees, Corned Beef Bennie, a side of pig candy bacon, and a Shrimp Boogaloo Benedict. Great tasting food all around. Well-prepared and presented. Eliza provided primo service.Spacious restaurant with good service. We enjoyed the Salmon Benedict, a very generous serving. However, the side orders of grits and fruit were very skimpy. We will try this restaurant again.The hostess sat us down and gave us menus and water.  We literally sat for 20 mins waiting for a waiter to get our order.  I tried several times to get a worker's attention but they literally acted like I was invisible.  There were several people who came in after us who got menus and water and got served.Amazing! The food is incredible. I had the Banana Foster French Toast with a Raspberry Mimosa.First breakfast in the Big Easy was excellent. We chose this spot due to its close location to our rental and for its large space. Other reviews looked good but had limited seating. As we didn't have much dinner the night before I didn't want to fool around with waiting or not getting in. Good service, good wait time, excellent food. I got the corned beef bennie and you could tell it was homemade. DH got southern breakfast which he really liked. Son got a HUGE BLT on brioche bread with fried green tomatoes (first time- they were good). Great experience. As my husband said, no complaints at all. Evidently this is one of a small chain but it did not feel like a chain restaurant at all. Very cute, a little on the noisy side due to huge room and very high open ceiling.Service here was great. Cute boy waited on us. I had the Bloody Mary and it was delicious. Tho not as good as the last time I had it. Maybe it didn't have enough spice. Humm. I ordered the Costa Rican with poached eggs...I gobbled it up. Actually finished the plate even after filling up on the French toast. Which was also yummy yummy. My sister had the hockey st Charles. I took a bite... not enough. I'll have to order it the next time.The Bloody Mary was great. It was crowded but service was fast and efficient. I had the shrimp eggs and it was so tastyWe were visiting town and tried for Sunday jazz brunch at Commander's Palace, but were turned away because we were wearing shorts. Oops. Found the newly opened Ruby Slipper in Uptown. The pain perdu was so so delicious! I'm still thinking about it a month later... The restaurant is spacious and comfortable and the sevice was great.Service was attentive and quick.  
We ordered the Migas & Brioche french toast.  Can't go wrong with either.
Would definitely return, especially for the cocktails.Busy for a Sunday brunch as you'd expect, but we were seated within 30 minutes so the service is pretty good. 
We ordered a Bloody Mary and milk punch. Bloody Mary was meh but the milk punch was delicious. For food, I decided with the St. Charles chicken biscuit. The pork Tasso cream sauce is an A+. I think the chicken could have been a little crispier but overall, pretty dang good breakfast Benedict. We also ordered the shrimp boogaloo Benedict which is served over a biscuit and fried green tomato. It was topped with a creole tomato courtbouillon sauce- which in my opinion was a little too "tomatoey". I would have preferred hollandaise instead but that's just me being picky. The shrimp were cooked perfectly however the eggs may have been a touch over-poached. I almost forgot that we ordered a side of bacon too. Overall this is a really cool place with a good atmosphere and a lot of unique menu options. Don't forget to ask about their specials. It's nice to have another brunch place in the hood!We came to the ruby slipper and were told that there was a 30 minute wait. We really wanted to eat here, so we decided to wait. 
Instead of waiting inside we decided to walk around and went to smoothie king across the street because it was hot out. Once we got our smoothies we were texted to come back to Ruby Slipper as our wait was over. 
Once inside the host told us we had to chug our smoothies which WE JUST BOUGHT. I had to haggle for 5 minutes just to get them to put it in the fridge even though the only reason we got smoothies was because we wanted to wait for the place. 
The manager would not budge.Wow oh wow! The bananas foster French toast was ridiculously good! Everything we had there was yummy but that French toast could be a dessert, treat yourself to something excellent, you won't regret it!Awesome brunch place. Candied bacon! Eggs Blackstone was awesome. Cinnamon Swirl pancakes were excellent.This place is bright and cheery.  The menu is great!! Our waiter acted annoyed when I asked if I could use the yelp offer listed for BOGO mimosas.  "You have to each buy a meal" he said in a rude tone.  I get that maybe people try and get over on places-but that's not our style and we were planning on ordering two brunch entrees at minimum.  I don't appreciate being talked down to because I want to use a coupon that a company puts out there!  He eventually chilled out and seemed ok.  That being said-the food was amazing.  We each got the deal breaker Benedict so we could each try each others! The candied bacon was "ok".  Not enough for an order.  The mimosas were huge.  They didn't shy away from the champagne-which I like! We were on vacation.  So not locals.  But I would come back if I were in town again!!This place is adorable. Sitting at the bar. Great service and wonderful drinks. A perfect stop!Our first day in New Orleans this time. Our daughter suggested we go here for brunch. There were five of us, including her boyfriend Andrew.
The decor is somewhat diner'ish. I think I remember there was counter seating but don't recall for sure. We were seated at a table right away. I tell you, in Chicago at brunch, there are waits just about everywhere. It was nice being able to take a table immediately.
Their menu is different. Everything looked so good. I ended up getting The Costa Rican. This was an egg dish with Gallo pinto (slow-cooked black beans & rice) over a warm tomato salsa, spicy chorizo, crispy plantains & avocado. It was very filling and quite good.
Their coffee was a little on the weak side but that is a matter of preference. Overall, it was a good experience and I'm glad we went.Great biscuit!  Fairly quick service and generous portions! 
Will definitely be back!Yummmmmmmmm. I had the BLT - it has fried green tomatoes in it, the bacon is scrumptious and the Brandy milk Punch evened me out.  My husband says the shrimp grits are off the chain and the best he's had in NOLA so far.I have to tell you we came yesterday and was pleasantly please with the food and the staffing. I had the Hot salmon omelette, grits and biscuit and when I tell you that biscuit was soooooo close to how my grandmother use to make it I could've sworn her spirit touch the chef in the kitchen while they were making it. Our waitress Eliza (I pray I spelled her name correctly) was super awesome. A very welcoming person extremely attentive to our needs at the table and very informative about activities around New Orleans to possibly partake in (we are out of Towners). So today is our last day in Nola and we stopped by again to get some of this goodness and again they did not fail. We didn't get Eliza again but she did spot us and came and checked on us periodically. Overall we are definitely recommending this place to all of our friends visiting Nola and hopefully Eliza will be able to serve them.Awesome food. Had the peace maker benes. Pork on one, chicken on the other. Great flavor, sauces (ordered on the side) were really tasty. Recommend it!!!Same delicious food, in a big shiny space. We prefer the quirkiness of the MidCity location. Definitely appreciated being able to submit our request for a table through an app, as we were driving over and looking for street parking.I went to pancake heaven here I must say! Such a cute place, nice atmosphere, great service! There was a bit of a wait, however I love the fact that they allow you to leave and send a text when your table is ready. We were able to walk over to the casino, play a little and have drinks. I ordered the pancake flight which came with 3 regular size pancakes, which were huge actually and bacon. Definitely too much for one person. DELICIOUS!!!!! I also had a Bloody Mary and I see why they are famous for it! It was awesome! I loved the fresh pickled green beans! Will definitely be back soon!Amazing and fun atmosphere!!  Great cocktails.....Mikael is awesome!!!!!!  Really good specialties.  They the choices of Benedicts!!!!Went here with the gang for a Saturday afternoon brunch:
Bloody Mary: eh
House mimosa: yes
Milk punch: no 
Pancakes: excellent
Side of fruit: good
Potatoes: great. Don't get it as a side, though. It's $3 for a teeny tiny portion
Biscuits: great
Irish eggs Benedict: 4/5 stars
Eggs cochon: 4/5 stars
Shrimp and grits: bland 
Scrambled eggs: dry and boring
Not as homey as the original locational but this location is much better for large parties. Would definitely come back!Fantastic Brunch!
They have several locations be sure to use the app to determine the shortest wait time. I got the stuffed French toast which happened to be blue berry that day. It was AMAZING !!!Almost tripped on the floor. Food is ok, but a bit overpriced for brunch (12-15 for main dishes). Service was average, but suggested tip 18-25% is too highMust have the bloody mary at all costs. We accompanied them with two of their best dishes... the smoked salmon eggs benedicts over biscuits and their migas. Not to mention the yummy french toast. All in all a good brunch.For an hour and a half long wait, I expected something pretty exceptional. My family and I were on a weekend trip to New Orleans, and this location was close to our hotel. Since I had been to other Ruby Slippers and liked them, we decided to try this location. 
As mentioned above, the wait was about an hour and a half for 4 people. Once seated, it took about 10 minutes for the server to even have time to pay attention to us, and then another 30 minutes for the food. Definitely very understaffed. This could have all been forgiven if the food was great, but sadly, it wasn't. We tried the Eggs Creole, he Trifecta, the Salmon Bennie, and the BBQ Shrimp and grits. Everything was very heavily sauced to cover up the lack of flavor in the underlying food. Even my mimosa was less than impressive. Overall quite a disappointing experience.This is my third trip to a Ruby Slipper in New Orleans-- this location is new and the crowds have not found it yet!  It is clean and cute-- great service, impeccable food.  The bananas foster French toast is amazing but the biscuits with cane syrup is also out of this world. Do not miss a trip to The Ruby Slipper in New OrleansOne of the best breakfasts I've had. Ordered the Benedict medley and banana fosters French toast to split. Two of us ate everything bite.My partner and I sat at the bar, which normally means a diminished experience, but this was the opposite. The bartender, Jackie, made this an exceptional and memorable meal from beginning to end. She took our orders in a friendly way, chatting with us the whole time and making us feel like we were at her home. She was the right balance of attentive and helpful. Can't recommend her service enough, she was a highlight, only rivalled by the food. I had the Pancake Flight, which came with bacon. My partner had the Trifecta of Eggs Benedict, which were scrumptious - pulled pork, shrimp and fried chicken sat atop 3 fluffy biscuits. Would definitely return, if only for the staff and guarantee that I'd leave stuffed.I ate here several times during the week we were in New Orleans. One of the best meals I had all week was the Grilled Fish St. Peter. Brandy milk punch is divine and size is generous. The mango stuffed French toast was incredibly good. Hubby said bloody Marys were perfect.Very interesting brunch menu of local creative cuisine. Well prepared. Delicious eggs benedict. Nice service.Great place to eat breakfast! Food was delicious! Not too bad of a wait if you arrive before 9.  I had the peacemaker and it was great!Busy to say the least but, service was good, very friendly. The wait was worth the rewards. Food was excellent. The wife and I enjoyed it very much.Really good food. The eggs Benedict menu is very creative. They even let you mix and match which saved me from having to make a tough decision. The hot smoked salmon Benedict was excellent. The salmon was delicious. The corned beef has Benedict was also delicious. Both are served over biscuits which is a much change of pace. Hollandaise is good by not great. I will be back.My sister told us about this place so when we came to NOLA we couldn't pass it up!! We ran in the Saints 5K and went after. It was defiantly worth my sisters raves and review!! I got the Peacemaker - you can get any 2 Benedicts on the menu. I got the fried chicken and shrimp. While they we're both good, the fried chicken was amazing!! My mom and boyfriend both loved their French toast!! Defiantly one I would highly recommended, a little pricey but soooo worth it!! I'd go back for sure!!This place was wicked cute and clean. The staff were polite and friendly. I ordered a TexMex omelet, I think that's what it was called. It was delicious as were the potatoes and the biscuit. Oh that biscuit was yummy. We also had mimosas which were equally tasty. I'd definitely recommend this place if your in the area.The wait was long but the food and service was good!  The "Southern Breakfast " was official!!! So delicious.  Pancakes so fluffy.   Orange juice was fresh!Awesome pancakes no need for syrup. The wait can be a little long, but good things are worth waiting forExcellent food.  Had the St. Peter's dish. The Peach mimosa is outstanding. Sidewalk cafe allowed for people watching. Gets really packed after 10:00am. Lance was a great waiter.Came here for breakfast on a Saturday morning. We waited approx. 30 mins for a table. While waiting, I tried a cold brew with "vanilla milk". No need to add extra sugar. It was very tasty! Once seated, I ordered one of the daily specials. I believe it was the Creole Eggs Benedict (?). It was a creamy, slightly spicy sauce with chicken, shrimp, and andouille sausage over an open faced biscuit with 2 poached eggs. Overall, it had very good flavor and was huge. My friend and I agreed we could have split it and we're big eaters! I will say that the shrimp was a bit fishy, but it didn't effect the flavor of the sauce, thank goodness. Easy to eat around them. We also ordered the bread pudding pancake, which came with a sugary  "sauce" and white chocolate chips. It was very sweet, no syrup necessary, but delicious as well. We ordered the bacon infused Bloody Marys. Good flavor, not too spicy. My only complaint about this place was that all the food basically came out cold. I didn't complain or send it back because, well, I was starving and didn't want to wait anymore!This place is dynamite. Great food, great service, no wait on the day we were there. Not much else to say. We were very pleased and left full.Just landed and needed some food saw this restaurant on yelp and so glad I did! Jackie at the bar was extremely friendly and suggested the Costa Rican Breakfast. I wish I took a picture before I ate it but it was delicious! Highly recommended. The hostess took my bag and kept it by the hostess desk while I ate at the bar. Would definitely come back here again! Great staff, service and close to Bourbon St. :)Everything we ordered was amazing! The staff runs like a well oiled machine. They are limited on table space so the wait was about an hour on a Saturday at 10am. But the food was well worth the wait. Also really good mimosas and the bacon infused bloody marry was delicious.Jackie our waitress was amazing she actually sat down and talked to us a little bit I mean talk about southern hospitality and the chef Charles came out talk to other little bit we felt so special we love New Orleans we will definitely be back you guys have awesome awesome food this was just all around amazing I'm going to tell everybody I knowExcellent breakfast! We had the bam bam biscuit and the southern breakfast. Everything cooked to perfection. Service is nice, friendly and fast. One of the few places open early at 7am.Good food. Gets knocked one star because biscuits weren't amazing and waiter didn't have much personality. Still will try again.  Worth going too.The apple crisp pancakes were amazing. Friendly staff and great service. Highly recommendedThis brunch was amazing!! Drinks, food and servers are wonderful! Shout out to bartender Teresa! She rocked!Get on the waitlist, it's worth the wait.  We had the Spanish omelet, biscuit, praline pancakes and Ruby Slipper Mimosa.  All excellent choices, staff is good natured, food is fresh.They were pretty busy, but they have a very organized wait system and it was a beautiful morning. It's right on Canal street so there's plenty to keep you entertained while you wait. Once inside I ordered the pancake flight, which was one cinnamon roll, one bacon praline, and one apple crisp pancake. Bacon praline was the winner, hands down, with apple crisp a close second. My husband got the 3 little pigs omelette and it had plenty of meat in it. It was busy, it took a bit to get our bill, but our server was friendly and apologetic. It seems the entire city is also dealing with a boil water advisory so there were some restrictions on drinks.The food is excellent, we had a slight hang up with the waitstaff on who was going to take care of our table but once that was situated our experience was great. They put extra effort into our food and even comped us a meal.  Great experience, I felt bad for the hostess as she had to deal with cranky impatient patrons waiting for a table. Highly recommended!This location is the best kept secret! 
The Ruby Slipper food is phenomenal!!  
Service by Teresa & all the staff are amazing, extremely friendly & helpful!
I highly recommend downloading the NoWait app to get on the Waitlist early (the Magazine Ave cafe as the waitlist can be 1+ hour long or more)!
THIS location is not to be missed!!Friendly staff and delicious coffee. The food itself was ok. A little too much hype if u ask me and some ingredients added were too much in my opinion for my taste. The wait time to me is too long, however the waitlist option on yelp is fantastic!!!! We took advantage and reserved our spot at a further location and walked our wait. It's a franchise and this particular location had no area to wait which was a downside. It was good but not worth an hour wait for sure.Da vi var i New Orleans i begyndelsen af oktober 2018, fandt vi denne morgenmadsrestaurant (naturligvis ved hjælp af (Yelp).
Den ligger tæt ved New  Orleans Marriott, hvilket var praktisk da vi boede der hele ugen. Jeg tror vi spiste på The Ruby Slipper Cafe fem gange. Det var selvfølgelig fordi der var behagelig stemning, afslappet og venlig betjening - og ikke mindst rigtig lækker morgenmad. Der var ganske mange forskellige retter på menuen og vi fik tilsammen prøvet en væsentlig del af dem. 
Prøv en af kædens restauranter hvis du vil have en lokalt inspireret morgenmad med kvalitet og god smag.To beat the wait: get on the waitlist on Yelp beforehand! We were able to show up, check in and get seated. GREAT eggs benedict, delicious drinks and fun service.This location is the best kept secret! 
The Ruby Slipper food is phenomenal!! Service has been amazing, extremely friendly & helpful!
I highly recommend downloading the NoWait app to get on the Waitlist early (especially for the Magazine Ave cafe as the waitlist can be 1+ hour long or more)!
This locatot to be missed!!Our Uber driver recommended The Ruby Slipper so we have it a shot. Glad that we did. This location is newer but closer to our hotel so we stopped in for breakfast. Love the story of their name.
Service was exceptional and the food was great. I got the Bam Bam biscuit which is a fried egg, candied bacon and a fried green tomato on a homemade biscuit. It was very good. I tried the hot latte at the server's recommendation and she was right I loved it. My co-worker got the mix and match eggs Benedict and couldn't even finish it. He bragged on it all morning.
Wish we would've known about this place at the beginning of our visit because we would've eaten here every day.Awesome place. Eggs Cochon and corned beef Benne were very good. Jackie (our waitress) was very attentive and fun.On a cold, wet morning I was searching for breakfast with a NOLA charm and flavor only a short walk from my hotel on Canal St. I opted not to dash into the IHOP just a couple doors down and walked a bit further though I now honestly believe I would have had a better experience at the IHOP 
My "greeting" was colder and less pleasant than the soggy, uncomfortable weather I was coming in from. It's early morning, this place is sparsely populated yet even getting a server to stop and AT LEAST pour a cup of coffee was a challenge. When someone did come by she was only slightly better natured...but still no coffee. She finally came back and took my order for what seemed like one of their special Benedict's, Homemade Cornbeef Hash Bennie, but still no coffee! FINALLY a dear, smiling, delightful young lady delivered my delicious, steaming Vanilla Spiced Latte and I had hope things were improving...wrong!! Though a beautifully presented plate arrived, it was barely lukewarm and upon opening up the poached eggs I found globs of stringy, uncooked egg whites that I scraped off and wrapped into a gooey mess napkin. As I tried to cut a bite of the biscuit bottom it was so hardened a chunk flew across the table. Moving on to the "meat"...so much uncooked, nasty fat pieces throughout the topping was the final straw...terribly disappointed!! When I called it to my servers attention she seemed unfazed and left me my bill. I paid it and went back out into the cold unpleasantness that felt a bit less unwelcoming than where I'd just paid for breakfast. 
AVOID AT SLL COSTS UNLESSIf I could give 10 stars I would. We ate here twice while on vacation. Everything we tried was top notch. Service was great. Food was hot. The mimosas were delicious. Try the bananas fosters French toast or any of the Benedict's. Can't wait to come back to NOLA to eat here again. Come early because they fill up fast!Went here today for brunch because it was close to the Airbnb we were staying at. Breakfast was nothing special, we all got something different and didn't care for it. Not remarkable food.. I would venture somewhere else.Omg the food was amazing I had the Peacemaker Benedict where I chose 2 different types of Benedict's which 1 was Cajun shrimp yummy and the other was smoked salmon. Both served on a soft mouth watering biscuit topped with scrambled eggs. I cannot forget my morning margarita which definitely for my day started. Thank you to our server Terrance he was great helpful and patient with us. This is a must try if you are visiting New OrleansWe visited 10/6 & loved it! We were a group of 6, and only waited about 15 minutes for a table.
Everyone enjoyed their breakfast and drink selections and would definitely recommend. I can't recall our waitress' name but she was from NY and we're from NJ so we had a lot to talk about. She was excellent and so friendly! We wish there was a Ruby Slipper around us to visit at home!First time in NOLA and was very pleased with the Ruby Slipper. Eggs Benedict was delish! Bloody Mary was on of the best I've ever had
...double. Busy, but worth the 30 min wait!Ruby slipper was exactly the southern comfort food we needed after recovery from bourbon street the night before! Huge fan of the Spanish omelet and lattes but it was the biscuit with the special spread that took the cake! Will def return next time I'm in the city!Worth the wait. Both entrées were delicious and the service was excellent. Sadly Yelp's logarithm directed us to the one on the opposite side of Decatur instead of the on two blocks from our lodging. Not a deal breaker but still almost two miles on foot instead of two blocks. Bad Yelp.Great food, great service, fair prices - Mario was a great server and his wit and hunor were and added bonus.   Will be back again for certain!Hearty meals and unique menu options from traditional omelets and pancakes to eclectic grits patties and Benedict options. This is a happening spot for the breakfast guru. From the bacon bloody Mary's to the strawberry streaked mimosas you are sure to leave fulfilled with a taste of the New Orleans culture.TIP!  Check in online to save time.  Use the yelp app and you can save a few minutes. 
We had planned on getting a burger but the bartender strongly suggested the eggs Benedict.  You don't have to get them with poached eggs if you prefer over easy or over medium.  Also they come with biscuits instead of muffins. 
Go with the peacemaker and you get to try two different kinds.  My wife got chicken I got corned beef.  Both were delicious but there's no way we could've eaten two dishes 
Coffee was delicious.  Next time we go we will try the stuffed French toastSeveral reasons why this place gets 3 stars. The 1st one was that they did not honor the wait list time I was there for 30 minutes after I checked in on time from the airlift time. The host was really apologetic but I can't say that makes up for my lost time. We are here on a road trip and every minute counts. When we were sat the waiter helped us out right away for drink the only thing out of the norm was the ruby slipper mimosa and my wife's latte. Both were good drinks but very plain and good on flavor. I ordered the trifecta to get a good taste of 3 different things it included the Cochon  Benedict, a shrimp bugaboo, and the chicken st Charles. The chicken st charles was the best of the three. I liked the hot sauce they had a available similar to Tabasco. I also had a coffee to finish off. Prices are reasonable a family of 6 with lots of extras was 120, 136 with tip.I had the basic French toast and it was the best French toast I've ever had. Cooked to perfection with brioche bread and sprinkled with powdered sugar-served with 2 slices of bacon just because. 
Also had a peach bellini....delicious! And not skimpy on the serving either. 
This location was kind of small, but fun nonetheless.
Maybe one day I can try the rest of the menu, but if it's anything like the French toast, it's guaranteed to be good.Was hesitant to order the Benedict sampler but completely enjoyed!  Service was great and bartenders friendlyzSuper morgenmadsted. 
Det vil tage flere dage at forbrænde de kalorier som vi har fået indenbords.The pancake crepes they had on special were the BOMB. Pineapple and strawberry and blueberry with cream cheese. OMG. Good bacon. Thick French toast. Fried green tomatoes--everything is just so delicious!!Visiting New Orleans for my birthday weekend. I asked a friend before hand if she recommended anything. Immediately she said try The Ruby Slipper Cafe. Boy, was I not disappointed. We were able to check in w the Yelp app which was a life saver! Omg this place was packed!!! We got there, Signed in and we were immediately seated! I ordered some coffee with Eggs Cochon. Food was DELICIOUS!!! The services was on point! I would highly recommend this placeLives up to the hype completely. Definitely recommend the stuffed French toast-- haven't ever had anything like it or on that level. The fried chicken poached egg sandwich was great as well. Just a note-- there is a long wait in person, so download the open table app which will let you get in line without physically having to be there and will save you the headache of waiting long in person. It's a popular spot for a reason, they really live up to the hype. Ambiance isn't modern, it's more of a character filled spot but has comfy seatingI had Cafe du Monde beignets for breakfast but the buttermilk biscuit I just ate at Ruby Slipper may be the best thing I've ever tasted.Skinny Migas is it!!! No questions! hands down! Irish coffee was a bonus too.  if you are ever close to the ruby slipper it must be a stop on your list of things to do.This is a small breakfast chain putting out really good meals in bright and cheery locations across New Orleans. Locals recommended The Ruby Slipper Cafe to us several times so we stopped in and were not disappointed. I had the Spanish Omelette, which comes with sausage, onion, tomato, pepperjack cheese and is topped with a lovely red pepper coulis. I had breakfast potatoes on the side. Both items were excellent. The biscuit with cane syrup butter was a bonus that put the dish into the realm of too much. My daughter really liked her Louisianan Omelette, which came with Gulf shrimp. Most everything is $10+ but if you time it right, you can probably skip lunch.This place is basically heaven. Everything from the Peach Bellini and catfish and grits was total bomb. They have great service and food. This is a must try if you are visiting New Orleans!!!Theresa was our bartender/ server she was incredible. So fun and bubbly and really attentive. She even helped up figure out more local places to eat and enjoy. 
The food was amazing I got the trio of 3 different eggs Benedicts and my friend got the migas both were perfect. 
I highly recommend getting in line on no wait as you will be waiting some time to get in because it's worth it!Incredible place with great service! Everything was so delicious and our waitress Jackie was incredible! Definitely would recommendAmazing food and drinks and service!!! Our server Arielle was so friendly and gave great recommendations on what to order! I had the southern breakfast and grits were amazing. It came with sweet butter for the biscuit which was to die for!
My husband did the peacemaker benni and loved both the options! We we're both in a food coma by the time we left but well worth it!!The food here is so good. We both loved our meals and would come back. Be prepared to wait a bit. Put your name in and walk around, it's worth the wait. 
Also our server Arielle was great as well, we loved the service here too!Great food. We are twice there for breakfast while in NOLA. The restaurant in Canal Street is much bigger and there was an 1 1/2 hr. wait. We walked around in the French Quarter until our table was ready. We ate at the Decatur Street restaurant and sat at the bar. Will definitely go back when we are in NOLA.Love this place!  Found the newer cafe on Decatur, small, but same great food!  And bacon Bloody Mary is wonderful!  This a must for breakfast...get a variety to share with the table!!Jackie was the best!!! She was so flexible with all our orders in a big party. Service was fast and food was excellent!Omg the menu is huge and delicious. Table of 7 had grits and a biscuit, eggs Benedict 3 was, a grill plate, stuffed French toast, croque madame and I ordered off the side menu to create avacado toast (because I'm that person). All the food was amazing. The wait was excessive over an hour, but worth it. Service was good and my almond milk latte was very good.Overhyped. Although the food was good, I wouldn't go there again. The wait was extremely long, around 2 hours. Also, it was very crowded and even with the long wait they were not able to accommodate our party of 10 to sit together. It was very overpriced. There are other better places to get a delicious brunch in NOLA.The food was amazing, it looked so good that i forgot to take a picture first ‍ everything was amazing & Veronica is fabulous! Shanzelle is an awesome person! I will be returning.We actually were meaning to go to the Market St location but when I looked it up I saw the Decatur St location was literally right across from our hotel! We walked over and were seated right away, opposed to waiting 15+ minutes for a table, as I've seen at the other location. We ordered HUGE mimosas and our breakfasts. I opted for The Peacemaker cause I'm bad at making decisions and that gave me the best of two eggs Benedict worlds. I chose the Chicken St. Charles and the Shrimp Boogaloo. I didn't feel like eating that much bread, since both are served on top of biscuits, but the waitress happily asked the kitchen to skip the biscuit under one of the benedicts. Both were delicious and unique, although the one biscuit I did have was a little tough to cut through on the bottom. But once the Cajun tomato sauce soaked into it, it made it a little easier. Overall I was very impressed with this breakfast place and would eat here again and again. And would easily be able to do so, since they have so many amazing options!Amazing place!! The Trifecta was SO good! I liked the chicken biscuit the most out of all 3 of biscuits I received.Came to a hot spot and found good and bad. 
The bad, the OJ is not freshly squeezed as advertised. 
Fruits were turning bad. 
However the Trifeca which is Eggs Benedict 3 ways was well worth it. However this is a plate for 2. 
I love spicy food which it stated in the menu that the Spanish omelette is, However it was not. Pass on that dish. 
Service was prompt.Great food! Jackie was so personable and fun. Full bar and she still killed it. Thank you for the great food and service!!!!!!!!!!This nice little cafe was a bit hard to find but it was worth looking for. We were here during Mardi Gras and the specials they had were so fun! Even though it was crowded, our food came out fast and perfectly done. The French toast was so good and the bacon was cooked perfectly! We'd definitely come back to this cafe if we come back to New OrleansStay away. This place is trash. This is the ONLY place I've ever dined in New Orleans where I've experienced rude service. The place is terribly managed. The food is good but not worth the insane wait! To make matters worse, my mom's dish came to the table cold (an egg sandwich-no one wants cold eggs). Even when using the waitlist system on yelp you wait longer than you're told. Stay away-seriously! There are so many other delicious spots for breakfast all over the city.This place is phenom. We went to the location on Decator and actually arielle is the shit. I wish she could be our waitress everywhere we go for the rest of our trip.This place is a must go to.
We stoped in for breakfast this morning
Everything we order was wonderful, and Jada is a treasure.
I had side of grits and a biscuit. Grits were creamy, biscuit was fluffy and tender.
Our party also had two of the Eggs Benedict  selections and The Costa Rican.
Benedict's: Eggs Cochon and Eggs and catfish I'm told both were excellent.
We requested changes to the Costa Rican no eggs or cheese. (Vegan) Changes were made as requested. Dish was very good.
Next time we're in town we will return.Love The Ruby Slipper! Haven't been here in a minute and am excited to indulge in these amazing benedicts! Glad we are here early!The food was good. I had the BBQ shrimp and grits. The biscuits were the best. It was a little bit of a wait to get seated. The waitress was exceptional. The seating was a little uncomfortable, the tall chairs. I'd definitely go back.Came here for breakfast with the wife on Monday morning. This was another spot recommended to me by my coworker. I was able to use the wait list feature from yelp to help secure a spot in line while we walked over from our hotel. We still had to wait about 10 minutes when we arrived as there were still two groups ahead of us. We waited outside as the wait area at the entrance got crowded very easily. Oddly enough, we were audience to a street sign across the street that seemed to be possessed. It swung violently from side to side and looked like it was about to break from its mounting and hit some unfortunate bastard walking on the sidewalk below. Nevertheless it didn't happen but it helped pass the time! Once we got inside, we were greeted promptly by our waitress. Since we already knew what we went, we ordered right away. I went with the BBQ shrimp and grits and a Bloody Mary. The plate also came with a big ass biscuit. The food was really good and I really enjoyed the Bloody Mary. I would definitely come back to this place for breakfast!This review is a 3.5. 
A little overrated in my opinion. I had the pancake flight which was creative, and the cochon benedict, which was just OK. My margarita was delicious though!I am SO GLAD we stopped into Ruby Slippers on a recent trip to New Orleans. We had gone to all the high end NOLA restaurants but this place ranked WAY HIGHER then any of them. 
We made a reservation through the phone system/app, and was seated within 5 minutes of arriving. The staff was SUPER friendly and attentive. We were given the specials of the day and had a Bloody Mary and Peach Bellini in hand before we could decide what to order.
The food was by far the best I had in all New Orleans and most authentic southern cuisine. My daughter and I ordered the Trifecta and was told it was large enough to share (which it was). I have been dreaming about it since we left. YOU MUST EAT THIS!!! My husband had a crawfish special- which was the best crawfish we had over 5 days in New Orleans- and my son ordered the pancake flight that was equally as enormous as it was delicious. 
I cannot say enough how EXCELLENT our experience was, but will just say YOU MUST GO!!!!