I had high hopes when I went to Rye...but unfortunately, it didn't quite get there.  It felt like they weren't really ready to be open...like they needed to iron out the kinks before I walked in.  The pizza had a pretty soggy crust (bottom) and that was disappointing.  The ingredients were tasty, but nothing that would differentiate Rye from other spots.  The service was ok, but more training was in order.  I'll probably give this place another try...but sometime in the future when hopefully these types of things are behind them.Excellent service even with a wild 2 year old. This place is going to do well. Will def make the treck from Lakeview back over there!Everything here is great. And the staff is exceptional. The Caesar salad is unexpected for a pizza place, with house made dressing and baked croutons. It's the real deal.Cozy awesome delicious wood burning pizza place. Staff is friendly. You need to check this place outVery surprised to see that they were open when walking by. The outdoors of the establishment looked a wreck (chairs out of place and very disorganized). Besides a small sign you would have had no idea they were in business. Did not look like a grand opening in the slightest. But weent in to check it out since I live in the neighborhood and frequented the place beforehand. The pizza was pretty good, service needed work. Will be back again because I'm sure things will work out. To me just strange that they clearly tried to rush to open when they didn't seem to be ready.Wife and I were looking for something other then fried, rich food and we picked Pizza. We were near the World War 2 museum at the time and this place was close enough to walk to.
The outside patio is in the front of the restaurant and is set up nicely with music, lights and tables. Inside, there is a nice bar and a few tall tables. In the back corner sits the awesome brick, wood burning oven.
We ordered the meatballs as an appetizer and the Tres Carne pizza. The meatballs came 4 to a plate with mini garlic bread. Meatballs and bread tasted great and were the perfect size. The pizza arrived a few minutes later, piping hot. The pizza was full of sauce, meat and cheese. The first bite was sooo good. The flavors of the meat, sauce and the beautiful crunch of the crust, made us both stop and say, wow with raised eye brows. We finished the pizza and knew we were gonna want more later so we ordered another to go.
We didn't eat the second pizza until the next day, and even cold, tasted great. 
The staff was very nice and engaging. Very attentive. We highly recommend for lunch or dinner.One of my favorite pizza places downtown! They started opening up for lunch hours so I've started taking lunch breaks here. Best brick oven pizza in the area!In NOLA from the Bay Area for the week
 Stumbled onto this place. Had a pie and a Greek Salad. The food was Outstanding!!  The salad was fresh and Delicious. The Pizza had an Amazing thick Crust a loaded with toppings and hot out of the Brick oven.
The Bar was fully stocked and the have Over 15 Beers on tap.
The Staff was Extreamly Friendly, Helpful and Talkative.
The facility is in a Old Bar, Gorgeous inside Wood Brick with Out Doir Seating and Great Music !!
We Highly Recommend Rye & Pie for Great Food and Goodtimes!!
We Definitely Will be back..Came here with my husband and two young kids. Ordered the mushroom toast as an appetizer and it was so delicious! We ordered a cheese pizza for the kids, a pepperoni pizza for the hubby and and I ordered the pesto pizza. All were delicious. My picky daughter actually ate her share of the cheese pizza! 
Very delicious! 
Service as amazing as well! We will be returning!This place looked good from the pictures and reviews were great. It took 2 hours to get a cheese pizza and I didn't get my salad until I left. The waitress said they're a bit backed up so I figured maybe 45 min for my pizza... there were less than 20 customers and some had already gotten food. This place isn't worth your time or money. The pizza was mediocre, sandwich and pizza from my friends got worse feedback, and there was hardly anyone there. Biggest problem was the chef couldn't handle a few simple orders... cheese pizza and a margherita in a place that has pizza in it's name. What a waste.We are so impressed with everything at Rye & Poe! Great beer and whisky selection, amazing pizza, and excellent customer service!Was very curious to try this place as I had frequented the previous tenant of the building. Needed to see if they upped the pizza game or if it was equivalent. So far I've only tried the formaggio pizza and I will say it's a pretty good wood fire pizza. The formaggio was cooked perfectly and had a good crispy crust. 
As far as the location I really enjoy the space. It looks like they took down the fencing that was previously around the court yard space, which gives it a much more open feel. Easier to get some people watching in while you're eating. The wait staff is nice and attentive. Looking forward to going back on a nicer weather day to sit outside and try more on the menu. (it was raining the day I went)The pizza was good. I like the crust. It was fresh. The chef told me it was rushed a little bit because they were closing soon. I kept it simple and order just a pepperoni pizza. Pandora the hostess was absolutely amazing. Good conversation, and funny.I ordered take out from Rye & Pie earlier this week and man was I impressed. The pizza was cooked to perfection - oven brick style of course! The pepperoni's were fresh and large, along with the fresh mozzarella and perfect crunchy/chewy crust. This is by far one of the BEST pizza places in NOLA!Amazing food! Great service 20/10 would recommend! 
Our waitress was so so lovely and amazing and really just wow! She made the experience super fun. The conversation environment was perfect and the music along with the vibes in general were great!Great meal!  Outstanding service!  We had a bunch of kids with us and they were more than tolerant of them running around in their cool patio.  Tre carne pizza and mushroom toast were fantastic.Convenient and cute but doesn't cut it. Margherita pizza was barely coated with generic tomato sauce and only six thin,  quarter-size, slices of mozzarella. Dough was crispy on the edges but undercooked on bottom. Meatball app was a bit better, but very salty. Not a good value. Hope to see better reviews in future before I try again.Can't wait to go back  next week. We stumbled upon this place when we heard another favorite closed down from a previous trip. It was a drizzly night and were tired and hungry and wasn't in the mood for cajun. We were so glad to read  the menu and headed through the patio area up some steps into the bar area. Loved the atmosphere. They pushed tables together for our group of 9. We ordered a few pizzas and it was sooo good  we ordered a couple more.  We weren't sure of the place when we first walked in and now we can't wait for our trip to New Orleans to go back to this place.  Seems like they had cash only then but I am guessing that has changed.If I close my eyes and imagine heaven, it would feel like a comfortable neighborhood bar. But it would look like a plant filled arts district courtyard. And it would taste like pizza. Really good pizza. And me and Phil Collins would laugh at each other's jokes and we would play air drums together. It's possible that Rye & Pie is heaven, I'm just waiting for Phil to show up.Pizza was excellent with super fast and friendly service.  Great neo pie that is much better than what Pizza Domenica produces these days.  On par with Ancora as the best Neo pie in the city.    Tried several pizzas and all were good.  Airiest cornicione in the city, no flat crust and nice leopard spotting.  Flavorful dough with good salt %.  I like the sauce: savory and bright.  Let's tomatoes shine.
Also has great draft beer selection.  Kind of hot to sit outside in August, but this place is going to be awesome as the temperatures drop a bit.Best pizza in city.  Just takes some patience on a crowed Fri night.   Great wood fired handcrafted pies are not mass produced fast food.  
Thanks again Ryan.Can't wait to go back  next week. We stumbled upon this place when we heard another favorite closed down from a previous triIt was a drizzly night and were tired and hungry and wasn't in the mood for cajun. We were so glad to read  the menu and headed through the patio area up some steps into the bar area. Loved the atmosphere. They pushed tables together for our group of 9. We ordered a few pizzas and it was sooo good  we ordered a couple more.  We weren't sure of the place when we first walked in and now we can't wait for our trip to New Orleans to go back to this place.  Seems like they had cash only then but I am guessing that has changed. 
We went back last week. They have new owners. The menu wasn't as good and definitely not as friendly. No breadsticks or anything like before. The pizza isn't bad and definitely quickly served. They do take credit cards but no room for parties larger than 2-4. We moved tables together but it was rainy so had to split into 3 groups for a party of 9.Best pizza in the neighborhood, if not the entire city. The crust is heavenly.To me, this place falls into the 'hidden gem' category. The pizzas are fantastic ...the outdoor patio is perfect (provided it's not 98 degrees and/or raining) Service is outstanding - super friendly ! Oh yeah? You can also have a meal for 4 for under a hunski which is almost impossible in that area!Cute corner restaurant outside of Bourbon! My boyfriend and I came right at opening time after trying a few other pizza shops and I thank God we found this! I'm not sure if she was the owner or just manager opening at the time but we were met with the sweetest lady who was charismatic and hospitable! GREAT experience! GREAT pizza! Sat outside in the NOLA cool breeze and had a great time! 10/10!This is a fabulous jewel  the food is amazing! Great outdoor courtyard, TVs to watch the game yet still quant enough for the whole family! Love this place can't wait to go back!Staff, especially Pandora, was fantastically inviting for our group of 6 that were visiting from out of town.  Good selection and drinks were very reasonable, and the food smelled terrific! Best to you in your location,  and hope your trip up north is a big hit!  
Thanks,  the Chicago 6Skip Cochon and stop here instead!  We walked here and dined on the patio (you can order and dine outside during covid!) really great pizza (and I'm from New York - this place is outstanding quality).  Met the owner and he seems like a solid dude.  We had a pepperoni and a cheese pizza - both excellent and the best pizza we've tried in New Orleans.  Can't wait to go back!We had a party of 7 and sat outside on a Sunday evening and were very comfortable with the big fans blowing (in late July!!!). Really nice atmosphere with plants and a small live oak planted in the center of the patio. Our server was very attentive, personable and knowledgeable about the menu. We ordered the meatball appetizer, Greek salad and Caesar salad, a pepperoni, tre carne, meatball and that's amore pizzas. And a bottle of rosé and some other yummy drinks. The food was amazing. The salads were fresh and tasty- the Caesar comes with a lace Parmesan crunchy round that was deliciously crispy and salty. The meatballs were wonderful too- 4 balls of perfectly tender savory meat with marinara and toasted bread.
The pizza!- made in a wood fire oven- with crispy bottom and charred and chewy edges- quality toppings (pepperoni was excellent). My favorite was "That's Amore!"- figs with a little kick- goat cheese, arugula with that perfect crust. Soooo tasty.
Next time I will be trying the veggie sandwich and the muffuletta - the server said the chef makes her own olive salad. 
We'll be back often.Service was fantastic and warrants the 5 star review by itself. Very attentive and friendly wait staff.
They are new and currently don't have printed drink menus so if you're sitting outside, you have to go inside to peer behind the bar and see what kind of beers/whiskeys they have. Selection of beer/spirits was fine. They had one of my favorite rye whiskeys. However, another downside to not having actual drink lists is that you can't see prices so if it's something you're worried about you have to ask for the price on everything - and their alcohol prices are a little on the high end. Something to consider, maybe. I didn't feel gouged, but it would have been nice to be able to peruse my options without having to burden the bartender with rattling off prices for me. 
Food was really good. The mushroom toast appetizer was amazing and the pizza was great, too. 
I would definitely go back again, but I would love to see some printed drink menus next time.Great new neighborhood spot!!! Very friendly and quick service. We got the pepperoni pizza and meatball appetizer. The meatball appetizer is FANTASTIC! The sauce was great as well as the garlic bread toasts that came with it. Perfect sauce for dipping pizza crust in. Welcome to the neighborhood!Absolutely delicious! Wonderful staff- the pesto pizza was to die for! Their crust is nice and crispy, and they do a great job of creating a blend of taste!If you're in the New Orleans Warehouse District and looking for a great wood-fired pizza, this is it! Stop by the new pizza joint that just opened this summer. You can choose to sit outside on the spacious patio (your pup can join you on the patio too), or sit inside at the bar or tall tables and watch your pizza while it cooks in the awesome brick wood burning oven. Either spot, you'll get to enjoy all the yumminess of your piping hot pizza pie!Normally not for Pizza in NOLA but wow I was impressed.  Great atmosphere and beer selection.  The tre carne pizza was incredible!We ordered the tre Carne, that's amore & margarita pizzas. That's amore pizza was aaaamazing! On the sweeter side but the whole tables favorite. It was light and fresh and I highly recommend. Order at the bar and they come bring the food out to you. Service was great even though they just opened and were short staffed. We will definitely be back!!I loved their fast service and classic menu options. I went here around 1pm on a weekday and sat outside because I was at a conference nearby.  Despite being on a busy street, it was pretty quiet and there was a lot of shade plus fans. The waitress and manager checked-in with me and the waitress gave me a seltzer water for the road, which is something I didn't even know I wanted. Great prices. Great location. Classic menu. Good food. Nice staff. Definitely recommended.This place used to be a different pizza place, which I really like, and this new(ish) replacement is equally good. It was just two people running the place when I was there most recently but the beers we ordered came out immediately the the pizzas very shortly thereafter. The courtyard is really nice, too. I'll definitely be back.The owner is in there making pizzas by himself and they were outstanding! Definitely get some food here! I have had about 6 meals here and it is consistently outstanding. The owner is a really nice guy who cares about his product and your experience. Make it a point to dine here!!Awesome pizza. Great attentive staff. Sauce wasn't too sweet. I really enjoyed the Margharita Pizza. The crust was perfectly.This place makes a great wood fired pizza.  I stopped in for a business lunch hoping that they'd be good (and quick).  Attentive wait staff, relatively simple menu, and a high quality product - you can taste the quality and freshness of the ingredients used.  The meatball appetizer was very flavorful, and the "that's amore" pizza was outstanding - I normally wouldn't go for a fig and arugula topped pizza - but it was a wise selection!  I didn't feel as though I had a lead weight in my stomach either (which is all too common with some grease laden pizza joints).  All in all, it's a good experience to grab a bite to eat here - well worth it!We had a wonderful night out at Rye and Pie. The pizza was fresh and amazing! The owner is very nice and does everything in his power to make guests happy. Try it out the next time you are in the area!Beautiful outdoor space, perfect for patio weather and post-Covid dining!  And beautiful fresh flowers on every table!  You order and pay at the counter, and they bring you pizza with paper plates and packets of chili flakes and Parmesan. They have canned beer and a full bar, as well as a specialty cocktail of the day. My friend had the meatball pizza, which he says is his favorite as he lives nearby and gets carry out often. I had the red pepper and goat cheese pizza and the flavors were incredible! I had to stop myself from eating the entire thing in one sitting. Amazing!Great patio. Even better pizza. This is the perfect spot to sit outside to enjoy some beer or wine while you wait for one of the best pizzas in the city. The salads are delicious too. My favorites are the muffuletta pizza & the classic pepperoni. The Greek salad is also great to start. It is definitely large enough to split or have as a meal.The owner is in there making pizzas by himself and they were outstanding! Definitely get some food here!!Heard about this place from a friend and was not disappointed! The pizza is awesome, some of the best I've ever had. Everything tastes so fresh, and the crust is great - thin and crispy in the middle but soft and chewy on the edges. The Melanzana was my favorite. The outdoor patio is lovely and all of the tables are well spaced out. Will definitely be back and recommending to friends!Casual fun place to go and have a beer while you eat your pizza or wait to pick up takeout, which is what we often do. Indoor area is small but quaint, and they also have a big nice patio with TVs outside. Their pizzas are FIRE (really good), made with homemade dough and love. We've tried the cheese, margherita, pesto, and melanzana-all were very yummy. The melanzana one is the strangest but tangy sweet and awesome for something different. Mushroom toast is good but not our favorite thing on the menu-some friends of ours are obsessed with it though so to each his own! We've had all the salads and they awesome-so flavor filled and have lots of fun goodies in each of them. The bar staff is friendly. Small but solid beer selection. Very convenient location.We absolutely loved this spot! It's so quaint and had a "magical garden" kind of feel. The owners are extremely hospitable; we can't wait to return!!!Great place. The pizza was excellent all from scratch in a wood oven. Service was super friendly, awesome setting, full bar, all around great spot!Excellent NY style thin crust pizza made with Caputo flour for true wood fired pie. Great atmosphere. Challenging service on night of visit because one server called in sick. Otherwise flawless!The pizza reminded me of an exact taste copy of Chuck E. Cheeses while my meatball appetizer was a good experience.  The service was friendly but sometimes got so friendly with the other customers that service to my table got neglected and I was left without a drink refill for waaay too long.  Overall it is an alright pizza joint but there are lots of other pizza joints in the city I like a lot better so I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here while I wouldn't mind eating here again if I were in the area.so good!!!!!!! we just went and the veggie pizza is amazing!!! the broccoli is so good + the onions! the service was amazing and the restaurant is so cute we will 10/10 come back!!This beautiful space is great during COVID.  Awesome service, great food. Both the pizza and the Mexican pop up are really good. TV's for sports.Excellent pizza, over a dozen interesting beers on tap, full bar, nice wine selections, and very friendly staff...what more can you ask for in a pizza joint? Seriously good pizza coming out of a wood fired oven. Don't miss this place!I never leave reviews but felt compelled to do so. My son and I went yesterday and enjoyed the pizza and meatball appetizer. The woodfired pizza  has a wonderful bubbly perfectly slightly charred thin crust with high quality toppings. The meatball appetizer with garlic bread was also delicious and disappeared quickly. They have a large selection of beers on tap also. Very quaint and cozy brick and wood setting inside with a large outdoor patio area conveniently located near the D-Day museum, warehouse district, downtown, convention center, and other restaurants. Its across the street from Couchon restaurant (for a landmark). The staff and service was quick and friendly, and have many years of experience in the bar and restaurant business in the city. I'll be going back soon to try other menu items.The pesto pizza was outstanding. We also shared a Caesar salad and a homemade dressing and the bread chunks were awesome. The service was wonderful with everyone being incredibly friendly.Awesome spot for a cocktail and bite to eat.  The staff is amazing and their black lab is adorable.  Clean, fast and delicious.I'm not sure how I went so long without trying this place? But I definitely have all the regrets because it was fantastic. They are only open for outdoor seating right now, which is fine because they have a huge, beautiful front patio with plenty of tables. It was just one guy taking orders and waiting on all the table but you never would have known because the service was great and he was so friendly. We got the margherita pizza as well as a pepperoni. They were both good, but the margherita tasted crazy fresh! So it was my favorite for sure. And the crust. The crust was perfect. It was not too thick or too thin and had the perfect crunch to it. They're covid safety measures were impressive too. Tons of space between tables and each person is served a plate with packets of parmesan and red pepper flakes so no need to even pass things around at your own table. There's no TVs in the outdoor space, which is actually why we picked it, since a Saints game was on and lost of other places with tvs were packed. This place is not pricy either so you get delicious pizza at a great price! I will certainly be back.Great pizza at great prices! Outdoor seating so everyone is safe.   There's a large TV outside and a full bar inside.  Limited staff that does every function in the place.  Well run and more people need to get their food!Happened by this gem. Was taken by its down-home open brick patio, stacked wood for the pizza oven, and located right on a corner with lots of open seating and tables - great for people watching. 
Very good pizza. Hot drippy cheese and delish crust with wood-oven scorch marks on the crust's bubbly outer rim. 
Reasonably priced. Nice beer selection - I grabbed my fave, a Peroni. Definitely a thumbs up!Fantastic pizza!  Great atmosphere and some really nice, hard working staff!  From the pictures on here, it looks like they previously had a much larger beer selection than they have now, which isn't great.  My wife had a margarita, and compared it to Superior Grill's margarita, which we consider the best.  We don't visit NOLA to eat pizza, and just randomly ended up here, but if I'm ever in NOLA again and want pizza, it would be hard to try anywhere different after eating here.Yep, this is now my go to spot for pizza!! I've been looking for a good wood fire pizza. The service here is awesome. Staff makes you feel like home. We opt to sit at the bar to watch the saint game last Monday. Love their draft selection with a variety of local beers.  The two bartenders took good care of us. The owner/chef also came out and talk to us for a bit. He mention that they use rye in their flour, which explain why the dough and pizza taste amazing overall. It had the perfect crisp around the crust. The marinara had a slight kick of spice to it and they did not skimp out on the pepperoni. We also order the meatball appetizer which was tasty also.  Wish they had more appetizers to choose from though. However next time I will be back to try out their Caesar salad! I saw another table with it and it was a huge portion that looks so refreshing.
The inside is pretty small with about 4 or 5 high top tables and the bar has about 10 stools. Their courtyard is pretty big and will be great to enjoy during the fall or cooler weather. The owner/chef said they will be installing a few tvs in the courtyard area and fans. During winter, they'll have heaters. 
It is street parking but we didn't have an issue on finding parking.Ok we drove by and noticed the outside dinning and stopped to eat. Really good pies, we got the basil pie and the fig pie. Both awesome! Met the owner Ryan, very friendly and a great business man! He told us the whole story on how he developed the business. 
Tacos on Tuesday! we will be back for that, as their chef lived in Mexico for 35 years, looking forward to that. I'll post again. 
Back to pizza very solid, I'm from the northeast and alway looking for a good pie, day got it! Yahuright!Excellent pizza and appetizers. The owner took extra effort to make sure everything was perfect. Outdoor only seating is fine as he provides heaters on the patio. I would really love to see the local neighborhood rally around this restaurant during the pandemic. Thanks for a great meal and experience.This place is amazing. Their pizza, music and hospitality is great. It's a must if you're in the area!Never answered their phone!! Not sure if place is open. Website not updated. Drove by to book a reservations but no one was there!
Noticed now many saying it is permanently closed. Should be professional and state it on all platforms and with signs on the location.No signs. Boarded up. Disappointed.......
Yelp posted that hours had been updated a month ago. 
Just keep walking.......This place is AWESOME and a must go! We ordered 3 pizzas: The Roasted Tomato, Melanzana and That's Amore. All 3 pizzas were unbelievable! We couldn't decide which one we liked best. That's Amore pizza  is made with fig spread, goat cheese, arugula, prosciutto and fig balsam. It is AMAZING. The outside seating has such nice ambiance too. You can tell that the owners take great pride in this restaurant:I was in the area droning since the streets were pretty empty and found myself getting hungry. Out of nowhere I noticed this joint and the owner was outside and I asked if he was open.  That one word we all hoped for on a first date bellowed from the fella, "yes"... I ordered a pie, promptly delivered curb side and I bit into a slice of wood burned pie to die for. 
Hungry or not!  Like pizza or not!  Buy a pie to help the local restaurants stay open during these times of COVID-19 crisis.  
Thank you for the pie..WOW!!! A hidden gem, if you are in the area or even if you aren't come eat here! Everything is made in house and you can tell it's made with love. We ordered the Caesar Salad, Meatball sandwich and Tre Carne and it was all amazing. An easy 10/10. The owner is down to earth and will make you feel at home. A must try!AMAZING!  Great experience!  Best pizza and best selection of beverages in the area ... but most of all ... it felt like home.  You MUST give it a go!Food was outstanding! I had the mushroom toast and Caesar salad, and it was scrumptious!Visiting from Florida and this was on my list of things to check out - End up being pretty disappointed.  Even though everything else in NOLA seemed to have opened its indoor seating back up this place had not - which is fine.  I asked for a Manhattan and was told by the employee he wasn't a bartender so he couldn't make one - that seems odd for a place with Rye in its title.  Also, I was hoping for a small pizza or a slice - something one person could eat on their own with out being stuffed - they had no option for that.  I might give it another shot - the local beer I had was good, the pizza looked good, and prices seemed reasonable.Great outdoor seating! The pizza was delicious and we LOVED the mushroom toast. The owner was very accommodating. We would definitely come again!So excited to find this pizza place...I love wood fire pizza, and it's not easy to come across in NOLA. Not sure if this is the set up usually, but they asked me to order at the bar, I chose some outside seating, and I was served at my table from there. The pizza was SUPER tastey...the crust was thin and crispy and the marinara sauce was great. The outside seating is very pretty and open...I'd definitely suggest sitting outside if the weather is nice, as the inside area is a bit small. 
Parking may be a bit of a challenge in the area, as there is pretty much only off-street parking and everything is metered, but it's worth it! It's a new local business, go give them a try!This should have been a 1 or a 5. The owner is clearly crazy. Got there and ordered double drinks, two pies and an app. When I ordered, he said it would be at least 30 minutes, as if he was daring me not to buy the pizzas. It was cray cray town. 
I hear him growl to others that it would be 45
Minutes and did they still want their pizza. 
The worst part was when I ordered double drinks I got two glasses of wine. One had two dead bugs in it. I went inside and showed him and asked to get a new wine. He held up the wine bottle and said "no bugs in it," clearly ignoring the bar glasses with 1/4 inch of dust that haven't been cleaned in forever. And the rest of the inside was just as filthy. 
Heard him say he's closing Sunday for good. It's a shame. Maybe he should have stayed in the back of the house and let his other two employees work the front?  
The pizza was good. Not that it even matters anymore.Permanently closed I don't know why They had a super following. Wanted to try them last weekendIn town on work. Been here 2 nights in a row. Tre Carne pizza and the meatball pizza are great.  I would recommend this place. Staff are great. Very friendly.Absolutely the BEST pizza in NOLA. Great patio seating with friendly, promo service. Go support this place!Amazing pizza, great salad. Best pizza place in Nola. Glad we found this place. Hardest working guy in the city. Owner is doing a really good job.What a great spot and the service was amazing!  Food and drinks are awesome.  Small indoor space but great patio in favorite New Orleans neighborhoox