Brussels sprout hummus!!! Meg is the best waitress and gave us so many recommendations, she also has a rockin sense of style and made me feel loved and appreciated. I just went through a really bad breakup and meg made me feel that maybe id love again one day.Keeping with the theme and style of his namesake restaurant Shaya, chef has built on the lessons learned and made an even better effort here.  I respect the quality and effort that has been made to bring this cuisine to New Orleans.
There isn't a dish I have tried that I've been disappointed with here.  Everything is wonderful, just depends on what you're in the mood for.  I like the oyster and falafel sandwiches but am just as happy getting some small plates and a hummus.  The hummus is a little rich.  I wish it were a little lighter because it's just about all you can eat without busting if you add a pita.
It's expensive.  Especially the salatim.  You should probably skip them if you're dollar conscious.  I had 3 and a hummus with an iced tea and it was $47 with tax and tip.  That's a lot of money for lunch.  You could just get a falafel sandwich and one of their great sodas and get out for 1/2 that.
The restaurant is beautiful.  It was beautiful before they took over the space.  The service is very good.  It's not warm and fuzzy or anything but professional and mostly on top of what's going on.  I have received cold pita on occasion but it's a rare thing and I could have easily asked for a hot one and received it quickly.  
You should definitely come and support this restaurant.  Turn your back on BRG and come to Saba!This was my second visit in a month  this place is amazing. I have zero complaints about anything here. The food was fantastic, the drinks were yummy, and service was amazing! Do yourself a favor and get a reservation ASAP!I was lucky enough to get a lunch reservation on their first official day open (5/4/18) through Resy.  First of all, the decor and the ambiance of the restaurant is spot on. A welcoming yet upscale space, the restaurant feels like it's been there for years. Our meal was wonderful. We quickly filled up on tahini hummus and pita as well as the lutenitsa, asparagus and Iraqi eggplant. The hummus was out of this world and of the latter three, the lutenitsa was my favorite. Can't wait to return and try more!I have tried Saba twice now giving it a fair shake. The first time I was terribly embarrassed in front of my guest since we did not even get an appetizer for an hour with no apologies from the servers. The people next to us arrived 15 minutes after us and had eaten their meal and were paying when we got our first appetizer. Lunch took an hour and 45 minutes. The servers were oblivious and we did not complain and paid and left. We figured they had just opened and were figuring things out. Tonight we returned with six people total. We had a reservation for weeks and our table was not ready so they sat us at a large community table to wait. Then when our table was ready they sat 6 of us on a 4 top. Totally unacceptable. It was SO TIGHT at the table and again, I was so embarrassed in front of my guests. We moved back to the community table. The restaurant was very HOT inside and we were all uncomfortable. The meal took a long time.Not usually a fan of Mediterranean but I did complete 180° when I went to Saba for lunch!
Saba's dishes are beautifully presented with great detail. I ordered salatim (Ikra, Tabouleh, feta), Brussel sprout Hummus, and the shakshouka.
The shakshouka is probably my favorite dish due to its very spicy and flavorful quality. It contained poached eggs in the middle surrounded by parsnips. 
The Brussel sprouts really has me speechless, no other Hummus can compare. The Hummus was very creamy and not at all gritty like most places. The Brussel sprouts on top complimented the Hummus very well due to its crispy texture.
The salatim courses were okay. I think it's because I'm not used to the flavors of these dishes. But would certainly try again! My favorite would be the Tabouleh because of its hefty portion of avocado and its Persian lime really makes this dish tasty!
Would definitely come back to try more dishes!Rate 3.5/5.
Blue Crab Hummus 20$ - the hummus is so light and airy in comparison to the grocery store tubs (duh!). the sweet corn added a nice crunch. the crab meat was perfect. 10/10 would recommend.
Salatim 3/21$
 Ikra - tasted like a combination of cream cheese and sour cream. the roe added a hint of saltiness. i would not recommend if you do not like sour cream. 3/10 recommend
 Zucchini Baba Ganoush - with hazelnuts and roasted garlic. i loved this spread. it was savory and sweet. 8/10 recommend
 Bulgarian Feta - manfriend was very hesitant to eat try it. but he liked it the most! the leeks added a sweet flavor and the feta was slightly tangy. 10/10 recommend
Octopus 16$ - the perfectly cooked octopus really does melt in your mouth. the tomatos were very overpowering. 7/10 recommend
Lamb Kebab 14$ - lamb kebabs were slightly gamey (which i like). i love lamb. I'm usually one to finish the dish, but either i was to full or it didn't blow my pants off. 6/10 recommend
Moroccan Carrots 14$ - my favorite dish! 10/10 recommend. the carrots vary in texture and taste. each bite is more refreshing than the last. the flavors and texture harmonized.
Oyster Schnitzel 18$ - the pita (which is so amazing with the hummus, salatim, evoo & za'atar) was to doughy with the perfectly fried oysters. the pickles are sweet 'bread and butter' pickles. overall, wasn't a fan of this one. 3/10 recommend
Potato Latkes 18$ - AKA smoked salmon cream cheese on hashbrowns. 3/10 recommend.As good as it gets! Congrats to Chef Alon!  A true culinary experience in an inviting atmosphere with friendly,knowledgeable wait staffAhhhhmazing! Very similar to his namesake, Shaya, obviously. The crabmeat hummus was so good. We had a trio of dips for pita, the lutenitsa and cilantro/avocado one were out faves. Grilled octopus and steak were delicious also. Everything was very flavorful. Go with a group so you can try more stuff!We just sat at the bar and had drinks and then ate since we didn't have reservations. Good Mediterranean food done a little differently. Kyle the bartender along with his other colleague took care of us with great service.I made a reservation 1.5 months ago to try Saba. I was super hung over the day of my reservation, but I was determined to make it to the restaurant. Boy, was I glad that my tummy decided to cooperate by dinner time.
My friend K and I ordered an assortment of delicious things to enjoy with the fresh pita: lutenitsa, ikra, roasted squash, and hummus with blue crab and corn. We also ordered the octopus and the lamb kebab.
Everyone knows how good the fresh pita is so I won't go into detail on that, but if you have never had the lutenitsa, go eat some! It's probably one of my favorite things ever!
I also really enjoyed the hummus with crab. I was a little worried that it could be a little fishy but the crab was so mild and so sweet. 
The octopus was delicious, as was the lamb, but I found the lamb a little too salty. I'd probably skip the lamb next time.
Service was fantastic the entire time.
I would love to go back and try some of the other hummus so I could eat too much pita again.The food is great! 
You can see and taste the food is fresh!
High end ingredients in reasonable price. 
The hummus taste like Israeli hummus what makes me feel like home. 
Definitely will see me again when I'm in town!This is a great place. I like to go and sit at the bar. The bartenders are friendly and engaging to talk to. I love the Bulgarian feta appetizer with leeks and peppercorns. The ikra with roe and the labneh with pink peppercorns are also great. The cocktails are innovative. I love Wyatt's Game, with butternut squash. Now they have a refreshing yogurt drink with labneh in it. I got the octopus recently and it was amazing with heirloom tomatoes but I wish the octopus itself had been in larger portions, meatier and more flavorful. The pita is unparalleled. You're lucky if you only eat one.Fantastic servers and service. Family style dining. Delicious hummus. Lamb kabob. Foie gras. Red snapper. Labneh.  Feta. Elevated cocktail list that was great! (Their twist on an old fashioned w butternut squash was amazing!) warm chocolate babka for dessert.
A must try! Great dinner! 
- outdoor seating alsoI'm so glad we got to squeeze in a reservation for a Saturday lunch on our last day visiting New Orleans. If you sign up on Resy, they can notify you when a table becomes available. Our initial res was for 11pm (yes at night-that's all we could get) and we were able to change it to 2pm after we got an email notification from Resy..sweet! Looking back on our wonderful meal, I'd say even the 11pm would've been worth it. The place is beautiful. Bright and open. It has a comfy, casual yet elegant charm. We were greeted warmly and directed to the bar while we waited for our table (as we were about 30 minutes early.) From the bar, we saw Chef Alon Shaya working the wood fired brick oven making the Pitas fresh. It was cool to see him doing his thing and putting so much heart into it. He even came by to one of the tables and signed a book. Once seated, our servers greeted us and offered more drinks. We were given hot, yummy pita to devour as we reviewed the menu. We opted for the crab hummus (that came with a round of fresh hot pita), Fried Oyster schnitzel (think dressed Po boy but with a pita and BETTER), pickled carrot salad and lamb kebob. Everything was amazing and more than enough for two to share. There were many layers of flavors that complemented each other. The hummus was creamy and the crab just melted in my mouth. The Oyster schnitzel was perfectly crispy and not greasy...wonderful. I'm a fan of relish and sweet pickles so the carrot salad was a perfect compliment to the schnitzel. The carrots had a nice crisp to it, tangy, sweet, bright, fresh with an added crunch from the lentils. The lamb kebob was also delicious. It was moist, flavorful. Although our choices were considered small plates, we were stuffed and ate everything. Service was excellent. They were attentive, quick to fill our cups but at the same time gave us the space to enjoy our meal. We never felt rushed. It was our favorite meal experience during our whole trip hands down! It's not "traditional" New Orleans food but it's definitely a place I'd return to over and over again.I was excited to come here as I am a big fan of Shaya.  You know you're in a good place when it's Sunday night after 9 o'clock and the place is crowded.  We had great service starting 
from the hostesses who made great recommendations to the waiter.
We really enjoyed our meal there. We started with Brussels sprouts hummus which was delicious. They only give you one piece of pita(which was amazing) but they replace it immediately as soon as they see it is gone. We had Bulgarian feta and Lutenitsa (the serving is tiny) as well as lamb kebab, the Moroccan carrot salad (my son and I didn't love it) and the crispy potatoes side. Overall, it was a great meal, with delicious flavorful food and excellent service.Managed to snag a last minute reservation on my recent trip to NOLA.  One word "amazing".  Such a great variety of choices so ask your server their recommendations.  We had the family style chicken, crab topped hummus, and  3 delicious small side dishes- eggplant, red pepper, and feta cheese with leeks....all were flavor filled, mouthwatering and perfect for our party of 4 good eaters.  They also kept the fresh pita coming.  Would definitely come back the next time in NOLA.Food was amazing. The snapper alone was worth going for. Highly recommend as the atmosphere, staff, and food are terrific.We were four people. We ordered Small plates, Lamb kebab and Shakshouka and desert. Our server was great as well as foods. The only problem was that we had ordered these many foods and all of them should be eaten by Pita. They brought us two pitas at the beginning and then after we asked for more pitas they brought us one more pita after 20 minutes while we were watching our foods. We needed more pitas ....Completely unexpected and pleasantly surprised! I loved the environment and attention to detail. The food was incredible! Absolutely cooked with loveThe design, service, food, everything was spectacular. I highly recommend this restaurant. My favorite dish was the octopus.This place has out of this world Mediterranean food that takes you to back to home. I should start with the pita bread and end with the amazing chicken as this was a life altering experience. The chef was so humble and is a true genius with Mediterranean food. He knows how to make food a true experience.Order the hummus...all of them.  The hummus alone deserves 5 stars.  Tried the mushroom, brussel sprouts, and crab.  My favorite was mushroom and husband liked brussel sprouts best.  The lamb kebab was full of flavor.  Hot pita fresh out of the oven.  Dessert (server compared it to a roll with king cake flavor) was fine but could be skipped.  Go and order the hummus.  Met or exceeded expectations...make a reservation.Chef Shaya and team do it again. The servers were on point and the food was excellent. Try the chicken its amazing!YUM!  Great experience and wonderful in the neighborhood.  Even stopped by on a whim, they were completely gracious, and ate dinner (at the bar) without a reservation. Will definitely return.My family got a real nice variety of stuff could mop up with bits of pita, plus a big hunk of striped bass.  It was all awesome. They seem to make the pita fresh nonstop, so it's always piping hot and delicious when they bring you more.  
We got some sort of fudge cake, a bit of chocolate babka, and this crazy halva dessert that was served inside of a banana. It was all great.Amazing blue crab hummus, octopus, wine, babka.. perfect space.   Best restaurant I've been to in a very long time.Everything we ate was delicious. My husband doesn't like anything chickpea and he even enjoyed my falafel. So that's saying something. The octopus was amazing. We did end up ordering too much. Portions seem small but they pack a lot of flavor and are larger than they appear. It's great for family or just eating at the bar. We will definitely be back.Opening weekend - so glad we were able to get a reservation.  We waited about a half hour. It's worth the wait for the pita and hummus alone.  Standouts were the foie gras, crispy potatoes, falafel(perfect), chicken shishlik, the lamb hummus (wow) and the  brussel sprouts hummus. I'm sure any hummus here would be outstanding. The tabouleh portion was too small and FYI the lamb kebab is more like ground lamb. 
Hope they expand the specialty cocktail list. 
Alon Shaya was present in the dining room chatting with everyone.  I know this restaurant will be a huge success.Awesome. Pretty much the same food as Shaya. Have you ever had the best pita ever? Not until you've been to Saba. Coal fired food...delicious. Good wine list. Good service. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. Fried egg plant sandwich...yum yum yum. Pancakes with rose and tahini...yum yum yum. Okra egg hummus...yum yum yum. And then even brought a little plain hummus for our baby.Unfortunately shaya is one of my all time favorites and today didnt live up. 
First time here. Mediocre to poor service. Food also mediocre today. Bread came out less than piping hot. Understaffed? Not sure but compared to my excellent experiences at shaya we were bummed.  I may give at another shot. We'll see.Scrumptious food with lovely owners, in hip culinary-rich neighborhood, SABA hits all the marks. This was our first visit (had eaten at Shaya previously) so was excited to see what Chef Alon did on his own. Every detail has been thought through. Staff are courteous and experienced...thanks Tara.  Dishes are fresh, quality ingredients and creative selection. Loved the community table and approachable environment it promotes. Had a lovely convo with the owner  and James Beard award winning chef, Alon Shaya; his wife Emily, and his gracious and kind Mama. Watched as Chef brought his Mother her meal to the community table. While that particular plate was clearly custom, all of the dishes that came out of the kitchen looked like they had been prepared with the same care, attention to detail and love.  With those kind of core values, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu...ENJOY!Let's say, I had super high expectations for this place. They're crazy booked for reservations even months out at normal eating times. I would check day of or even hours before because cancellations happen and you may get lucky like we did. I've been to Shaya a few times and in comparison they're quite similar in flavors. 
(Fave to least)
Lutenista, Ikra, Bulgarian Feta - 3 for $21
Wow, these were great starters! Out of the three, I really couldn't choose my favorite because they all were so different and unique in its own way. The Ikra was light and creamy with an onion flavoring. I don't normally eat feta, but I really loved the bulgarian feta. There was a slight acidic oil drizzled on top that complimented the feta perfectly. The lutenista had deep roasted flavors that just explodes in your mouth. These are a must!
Moroccan Carrot Salad - $14 
Surprisingly, I couldn't get enough of this one. It was super light and refreshing. Each bite was something different - tangy, sweet, pickled, crunchy, tender. Just a spectrum of flavors and textures you'd want in any dish! A big YES to this one. 
Blue Crab Hummus - $18 
The hummus was velvety smooth with lumps or crab meat and sweet corn. This is nice change from the classics, but I really love the brussels sprouts hummus the most! 
Oyster Schnitzel - $18 - yemenite curry, half-sour pickles, sesame seeds
Mmm, good flavors but it was a little bit of a miss for me. The coating on the oysters was a bit on the really crispy and crunchy side. Maybe, I'm not tough enough for this one. 
Lamb Kebab - $13 - tahini and herbs
Nice tender bites, but a bit salty for me. 
Our server was knowledgeable of the menu and attentive. I'm not too familiar with middle eastern cuisine so I asked for his recommendations. My top two were his recommendations so I would say ask if you don't know what to order. The couple sitting next to us said the octopus was amazing so I will have to try that the next time I come! Overall, the atmosphere was very bright and cozy. I wasn't completely blown away (perhaps I ordered the wrong things), but I'll give it a few more months and try their dinner selections... if I can get a reservation.Yummy Israeli food! We came for a casual Sunday lunch and enjoyed ourselves. We shared a light lunch of three salatim (zucchini baba ganoush, the roasted okra, and labneh - strained yogurt with herbs) as well as the blue crab hummus served with snap peas, lemon and mint. The blue crab hummus was the highlight, although we wished the lemon/crab flavors extended further into the hummus itself as opposed to as a topping. With the generous accompaniment of fresh, delicious pita, the two of us were stuffed by the end of the meal. Of note, having had just visited Shaya earlier in the week for lunch, we were surprised at the similarities between the places (menu presentation, food items) as well as the differences (smaller but more expensive portions at Saba). For example we had 5 salatims, a lamb hummus and a shakshouka for the same price as 3 salatims and a blue crab hummus here. Overall we appreciated being able to try some different things on the menu but our ratings reflect which one we preferred.Arrived at 11am for our reservations right at opening. Service was lovely and efficient, dining room was full by 1130. 
There are just a few lunch entrees and sandwiches, a few hummus options, and the three plate and five plate meze options. 
Food was gorgeous, delicious, plated nicely. The tahini hummus was the standout. Served with the hot pita, we were in vegetarian heaven. 
It's not a ton of food but it's all done well.
For two moderate eaters at lunch, try the 5 mezze and a hummus. You'll have leftovers to enjoy later too!A flawless evening. Corbett's attentive service was only surpassed by each delicious course. Hands down an amazing experience in a town of great food! Everything was delicious. The octopus took me back to Greece, the lamb was a bit of heaven on a plate and the greens... ah veggies have never been so good.Excellent service and food. The team was very professional and attentive and the restaurant/bar is beautiful.Excellent. Despite what other reviewers have said, I've been 3 times and have had nothing but excellent service. The food is outstanding with every detail meticulously thought out. This has very easily become one of my favorite restaurants in the city.I was lucky enough to get a reservation just a couple weeks after their opening. Reservations must be made weeks in advance, and for good reason. Everything I loved about Alon Shaya's former flagship, Shaya, was represented here, in even better form. Service is great, as one would expect at a higher end restaurant.
We started with the brussel sprout hummus, and a selection of three salatim: the lutenitsa, pickled veggies, and roasted asparagus. The pita, delivered nonstop was fluffy but still light and hollow in the middle, as it should be, absolutely perfect. it is the centerpiece of the entire concept and for good reason. Surprisingly, the asparagus was my favorite thing of the entire meal, although it doesn't seem to be on the menu now, as it's out of season. The lutenitsa is also up there amongst the best things I've ever eaten. All of these were excellent. The menu is incredible, although similar to their former namesake, Shaya, but something about this place makes it a notch better.
We didn't order an entree, as they are family style, intended to be shared amongst large groups. We also ordered the lamb kabob, roasted potatoes, and falafel. We were full from just the hummus and salatim. The few bites I mustered of each were equally delicious.
The cocktail menu was somewhat limited, but I hope/expect it to expand later on. The nature of the menu encouraged sharing, and the atmosphere was relaxed enough to normalize that, despite being a higher end place. Passing pieces of pita to scoop up hummus and other small plates reinforced the familiar concept, and made our meal truly memorable. Meals here can be done relatively affordably, but it's also the best destination/special occasion restaurant in town, if you chose to go that way. Alon Shaya has one-upped himself again.My group of 12 women did the Saba Table for Sunday lunch, and I can't say enough what a wonderful experience it was. We had a pre-set menu that included tabouleh, lutenitsa (roasted eggplant and tomato) and Bulgarian feta; tahini hummus; falafel sandwich with seasoned fries;  carob fudge cake with black sesame molasses; and of course all the pita we wanted. The meal was served family style and there was more than enough food for everyone. In fact, we gave all the leftovers to our guest of honor to bring home to her family. Everything was delicious and the service was impeccable. If you have a group of 10-12 people, I highly recommend dining at the big table.My favorite Salatin so far is the Ikra. The feta is great too. The tomato hummus with egg is delicious. The greens are out of this world. For family plates I've only had the Red Snapper so far and it was delicious!One would expect nothing less than greatness from Alon Shaya and Saba exceeds all expectations. I would first like to mention the excellent service by the GM, Jessica, she was efficiently knowledgeable about every item on the menu. My partner is a vegan and I ask a lot if questions, jessica was wonderful in assisting us with our meal, and she did it with such grace and ease. The food was wonderful, but Jessica truly made our experience. 
It is so nice to be able to eat that pita again. I missed it so. Brussel sprout hummus for the win!Went here for my birthday. The meal was outstanding. Absolutely delicious. Service was excellent and we tried a new wine I'd never had before (a Greek red called Xinomavro). 
Pita is fresh and amazing (and we took leftovers home with us and they gave us a fresh pita). 
We had the harissa chicken for two which was fantastic. Juicy and succulent and the harissa wasn't hot, just very flavorful. We also had the feta with pickled leeks (fab), hummus with poblano chile and egg (ditto) and Labneh (yum), Couscous with dried cherries (!) and maybe the sleeper best thing on the table, the potatoes with black garlic. They somehow managed perfectly super crispy outsides and buttery insides with a soft garlic flavor. God they were good. 
All told, a lovely evening. Alon Shaya was there that night schmoozing with the staff and patrons. He's a talented chef and this is an absolute success.Took two weeks to make the right reservations. We came by on our final night in NOLA. This restaurant came highly recommended to us from somebody who knows the chef/owner. 
The hostess lacked customer service skills.  The restaurant was very chilly. The person who walked us to our table said that others had similar complaints that night.  In fact,  there were many people in the restaurant wearing jackets and scarves. 
The server wasn't friendly.
We asked to be seated out and were inexplicably told there were people coming in at some later time.  We watched 5 or 6 open tables in the patio during the 15 min we were there.  The manager finally stepped in and offered to get us a table,  but by then we had decided to leave and already made reservations at Shaya, where we had an incredible dinner with phenomenal service.
The manager at Saba was nice and wanted to help. However, by the time she stepped in, we were ready to leave.Really Enjoyed Saba's (follow up to Shaya's which I also loved) 
Lovely smoked mescal cocktail 
Followed w fresh hot pita & a matzoh ball soup that beat's my Nana's hands down. 
Perfect for a quick pop in before an event in a chilly winter night.
Friendly staff, nice decor, marble mar, low lighting and large windows. It's nice that they have some couches and patio seating for the warmer weather as well.
That's a keeper & I'll be coming back with friends soon.Lives up to the hype.  Wonderful atmosphere, fastidious staff, excellent food.  Octopus, lamb, and salmon row were all standouts.  The pita and the Brussel sprout hummus disappeared quickly.  Will be going back!As we all know New Orleanians do not eat to live "they live to eat".  This mantra is the same for visitors to the Big Easy when one has a dining experience like that at Alon Shaya's Saba on Magazine Street - recently named Restaurant of the Year by New Orleans Magazine.  
On a very busy Sunday night we were promptly greeted for our reservation - with space at the gorgeous bar available we elected to spend the evening there.  This was a great decision as we received outstanding service by the bar staff.  We began with cocktails and the "3 for 21" starters of the salmon roe, Bulgerian Feta, and zuchini baba ganoush. All excellent but we could have eaten the salmon roe all night! Having filled ourselves with the starters and pita bread (another highlight: fresh, hot and so good) we shared just one of the shishliks: the octopus shawarma...Fabulous.  
We did save some room for the jelly donuts and we felt really pampered by the sweetness of the jelly and the great flavor of the dough fried expertly. 
Saba is a such a great experience and so accessible and reasonable that I would like to start a petition campaign to get Mr. Shaya to open a restaurant in Houston.  Saba is a must do when in NOLA!Me and my friend had hummus( sprout hummus ) and falafel and it was really good. The drinks were amazing and service was good too. Must go place for vegetarians in NOLAWent to Saba for a celebratory lunch with my wife and we were very pleased. We had just closed on a house and went straight there after signing the papers. But even with our mood to celebrate and splurge, we had an amazing lunch with drinks for under $100. The bread was great. The egg yolk hummus was delicious. I had the oyster sandwich and the portions were so good/ I ate so much bread, I had to get half of it wrapped. The hostess thanked us on the way out which always goes a long way to leave you with a positive impression but another server even came out onto the porch to say goodbye after we had left. We hadn't even met! 10/10 would recommend.Amazing find!  Came to NOLA to get together with 5 old friends/college roommates from all over the country.  Expected to have great Creole and Cajun food (which we did), but was pleasantly surprised to find this gem of Middle Eastern/Israeli cuisine.  The food was exquisite from the creative hummus options to the delicious babka dessert, and the service was outstanding!  A must try for any tourist or local.One of my favorite things about Saba was the atmosphere. The food is delicious, and the restaurant is spacious and beautifully decorated. It's great for visiting with friends because the restaurant is not too loud and you feel comfortable and casual. All of the food was light, fresh, and flavorful. Some highlights of our meal were the blue crab hummus, the roasted chicken, and a side of charred Napa cabbage. The salatim were tasty, but may skip them next time and have an additional hummus or try more of the small plates instead. Worth a trip!If you are looking for a real treat to your taste buds, go to Saba. The food is delicious. Our server, (Chad or Jay...I think) was extremely helpful with recommendations. The crabmeat and mushroom hummus is a party on your tongue. The octopus was so tender and cooked to perfection and the lamb kebabs...do not skip those. We ordered more items and there wasn't anything we didn't enjoy. Make a reservation, you won't be sorry.Best food I had during my entire week in New Orleans (and that's saying something because I LOVE typical cajun food).  Pita and hummus literally OUT. OF. THIS. WORLD.  The appetizers and small plates were much better than the bigger shared plates in my opinion.  Cocktails were fantastic.UNBELIEVABLY DELICIOUS! Go get you a reservation to this amazing new restaurant in Uptown by the former Chef at Shaya. Absolutely everything I put in my mouth was to-die-for! Tabouli, wild mushroom hummus, lamb kabobs, feta...so, so great! The Falafel was spectacular and the carrot salad might be the best thing I've ever eaten. Seriously. Even the pita was otherworldly. The chef is personable and engaging. They are very welcoming and very controlled about the seating pace for now which is a good thing. Service outstanding. We sat at a community table and enjoyed it. Can't wait to go back for dinner.Were there for a late lunch, so got a table without a problem.  AMAZING Israeli food -- highlights included the fresh from the oven pita, hummus (both plain and with brussel sprouts), olive oil with za'atar, salad of kale and beets and lots more, ground lamb kebabs. Great drinks, too.  Lovely setting, excellent service.  Would return in a heartbeat!Saba is the best meal I've eaten in a long time. They have the best pita and hummus ever and the short ribs were amazing. Will definitely come back here in the future.This has got to be my most favorite restaurant currently in New Orleans! We went with some friends of ours and enjoyed everything we had from the drinks, to the apps, to the main dish. We opted to skip on dessert because we ordered way too much food. This is a place where you order a bunch of things and the whole table shares. We had several different hummus's which were all great. We shared a whole chicken for the entree and it was probably my most favorite thing we had. If you plan to go be sure to plan far in advance as this place is hard to get a place. It's so good, we made another reservation while we were still sorted at the table. Check out my pictures! Must try!THIS A TRUE CULINARY EXPERIENCE!
Saba is not just a meal, lunch or dinner, the dishes Shaya and his staff are serving is a travel through time while using fresh and local ingredients.
Our visit yesterday was so amazing.  We went for lunch; the place was full inside and the curbside seating along Magazine street.
The lunch menu offers many options, all great.  From the photos below we started with 3 small plates, then a Hummus dish then Kefta's dishes then dessert.
Over the 90minues lunch, the hot and delicious pita bread was flowing constantly.
At the end I tried the Moroccan mint tea, so good!
Get our reservation early or wait in line during lunch.  This place can't be missed.This is an absolute MUST when in New Orleans. Tables are hard to snag so make reservations way ahead of time or plan on waiting a bit. Whatever wait you have is completely worth it by the way! Once you get in the ambiance is so comfortable and non-pretentious you immediately settle in. Then you look at the menu and your mind is blown. Hot buttered crab hummus....?? This would definitely be my last meal on earth!I have eaten at both Shaya and Saba and they are both 5/5 in terms of food and service. Saba wins in terms of cocktails and the restaurant space. The bar, in particular, is a much more fun and inviting place to eat at Saba. The standout items at Saba are the matzah ball soup (so simple, but really tasty), the hummus plates (sounds boring but they are sneaky good) and that never ending fresh, hot pita bread. New Orleans is lucky to have both of these restaurants competing to put out top notch Middle Eastern food.We really enjoyed this place. Anywhere from the neighborhood, decor, friendly bartender, food and drinks. We ordered two cocktails that were beautifully crafted. Since we had other plans for dinner elsewhere we just ordered a bunch of appetizers. Nothing disappointed. The hummus is the best hummus I have ever had. The texture is just perfectly smooth. The duck heart skewers are very delicious as well. Those two were my favorites from everything we tried. I would love to come back to NOLA just to come back and try more food next time at this place.Shaya has nothing on Saba- it is impeccable. I have been multiple times for brunch and dinner, and both menus are delicious. The dishes that stood out the most to me were the labneh, shakshouka and grilled octopus. I believe all of those are available for both lunch and dinner. The dishes are made to share, so usually I will order any of the interesting hummus plates (have yet to go wrong with any!), the 3 for $21 salatim, and a few of the small plates, and I am always leaving very full even if I am with 1-2 other people. The waitstaff is knowledgeable, and it will only benefit you to ask them for recommendations on how to order to your liking in terms of portions. They are attentive with bringing out hot, fluffy pita every time you run low. The restaurant is more casual thank you'd think- people dress in whatever they want: t shirts to business casual, as with most restaurants around here. I have seen kids there, but I wouldn't recommend bringing them since the dining experience is too good (and too expensive!) to distract yourself with trying to entertain children who are not old enough to tolerate the amount of time that you will likely spend there: definitely at least an hour and a half to fully appreciate all of the rounds of food that you should get. They have patio heaters for colder days, so make a reservation for either and it will be very enjoyable either way!Lamb kabob is the best.. changed the way it's done but it's still amazing.. excellent service..
Wish they still had the romaine salad.. not a lot of good green options.. Delicata squash was incredible.. Blue crab hummus is insanely good..
will absolutely continue to go back=)Had a lovely meal at Saba recently. They had a great wine list with a variety of different options that our server patiently went over with us. As far as the food goes, everything we ordered, we loved! Stand out dishes were the Bulgarian Feta, Grape Leaves, and Hanger Steak. The portions are small enough that you really get to try a lot on the menu without feeling uncomfortably full, but not so small that you feel like you're getting ripped off. Overall bill for a nice bottle of wine and plenty of food came to about $150.Sure, if you want Mediterranean influenced by Louisiana, you're already way uptown and need a break from Cajun/creole fire. If you're in a group of 3 or 4, order 3 of the "Salatims" for $21: Tabouleh: crushed pecans, freekeh, avocado; Labneh: pink peppercorns, shallots, mint; and Cauliflower Baba Ganoush with roasted garlic and olive oil. Should also try a hummus. The Tahini with extra virgin olive oil was a good choice but if I got to choose for my group, I would have ordered the blue crab with sweet potatoes, lemon butter and mint. For the entree, I ordered the lamb sandwich which included shreeded lamb with a scrambled egg and lettuce in a pocket pita.Shaya is a good restaurant but Saba really is the next level. Remember when the Ghostbusters franchise put out a cartoon and had to call it the 'Real' Ghostbusters because their was already some sad, non-affiliated low rent cartoon called Ghostbusters? Kinda the same deal here. Saba is the 'Real' Shaya. Now that he's free from Besh, Alon can really, truly flourish.One of the most amazing Mediterranean meals I've ever had. The hummus  like whipped butter and very flavorful. The cauliflower baba ganoush was very tasty as was the striped bass. In fact,we didn't order a dish that wasn't flavorful and well prepared. The wait staff was incredible! ESP Meg!!Only disappointment about this restaurant were the cocktails. Every one we tried  was too sweet and The bartender making the drinks could not have cared less about suggesting something not overly sweet.What a fantastic excursion & experience while in New Orleans. With Middle Eastern and North African influences chef Alon Shaya makes you feel at home with his wood-fired pita breads and family-style platters.
New Orleans "Uptown" dining does not have to be pretentious. Started with the roasted pita bread served with olive oil... I could eat this all day. For the entree's We decided on the Lamb kebab and Hanger Steak. The lamb was awesome, served with roasted onions and sweet caramelized tomatoes. The Hanger steak melts in your mouth, served with celery root, tabouleh and pomegranate.
The staff was very accommodating and helpful taking us through the menu. Great, great over all experience.My favorite restaurant in New Orleans! The best pita I've ever had and the best Israeli food (especially hummus) outside of Israel. Alon Shaya is an incredible chef and can often be found around the restaurant. I think that Saba is beat for lunch, mostly because I love their sandwich options, but weekend brunch and dinner are also amazing! Every single thing on the menu is great, get a bunch of things to share because it is a bit priceySimply wonderful.  Amazing combinations or flavor and textures.  Would recommend to all.  Came to New Orleans for a culinary experience and simply overwhelmed by the variety.Wishing for a relaxing Sunday lunch that lights up the taste buds and affords a comfortable time to linger and enjoy the expertise of the bar? Saba maybe the place, it certainly was for us.
The maybe is there if you are not accustomed to Middle Eastern/Mediterranean foods and preparation. Lots of vegetarian and vegan choices. Not do much for meats and fish--although the menu is solid there.
Try a round of cocktails before your fateful wine choice. The bourbon one--Wyatt's--was perfectly balanced, Rich. My spouse gave thumbs up to a light interpretation of the dark and stormy. Extensive wine list, bottle is recommended. It will see you through an amazing meal. 
Start with lots of small plates: we loved the okra, the olives, the Tabouleh, and the Lutenitsa. The hummus--you might want to lick your bowl (but please don't). The bread is out of this world and it keeps coming throughout the meal.
Three in the group opted for pita bread sandwiches--raves met the fried green tomatoes but the oyster only rated a meh. There is a Moroccan carrot salad not to be missed but I loved the Shakshouka--the eggs perfect, the sauce even more so. There are kabobs and other choices--next time.
We split two desserts, and went WOW for both the presentations and quality.  Great cappuccino too. 
Spot on service even though the place was hectic. Never rushed, attentive. Earns all the praise it has been receiving from the locals.Very cute restaurant! Blue crab hummus was amazing as was the octopus and carrot salad!Five stars for food, service, and decor. The Owner, Alon, was wondering around checking on tables and he's such a great host and chef. Terrific place for families, groups, for a date, or even solo at the bar. Purchased his cookbook so I can make some of the recipes at home. We're from San Francisco where there is some good food, but this was better than anything we've had there!Amazing- the decor and atmosphere are wonderful as is the food. Very busy but we managed to snag a spot at the bar on Valentine's Day. The lady bartender who helped us was extra nice and suggested some things. Everything we had was great. Will be back!If you enjoy Mediterranean food, this is as good as it gets! We went more times over our 13 days here than I'm comfortable saying. Every single thing we got was amazing. Best Hummus & Falafel I've ever had!
The hot pita they continually bring out is ridiculous  
Asparagus was excellent, so was the charred Eggplant. 
Expect excellent service and also expect to make a reservation well in advance. DONT MISS THIS GEM!Simply exceptional meal, from start to finish, at Saba.
Really a great menu, with some interesting options. The only thing I would recommend is to offer an individual chicken dish as well as the family style, but who am I to tell the chef his business ;)
Honestly, we could have just done the three salatim with hummus and skipped the main course, but like our server said .. then we would have missed out on the rest!
We were in New Orleans for the weekend and experienced the most attentive and on point service here. Thank you Team Saba!I hate to say it because I am team Alon Shaya all the way but I like Shaya's food better.  *proceed with public stoning* 
Worth going to Saba for sure just didn't love it as much.The pita and hummus are a deadly combo. I LOVED the brussels sprout hummus and would eat it any day of the week. I, however, did not love the oyster schnitzel. The fried oysters just desperately needed more seasoning and the sandwich was kind of dry. The service was great and the atmosphere was lovely. It's a really bright space and looks very fresh and clean.I was so excited to come here. We are from the west coast and have followed chef Shaya and love the idea of supporting his and his wifes business ventures. The food was excellent.  I love Mediterranean food and we were very happy with everything we ordered. We especially enjoyed the Lutenitsa  and the hummus. We definitely give this place 5 stars for food, and ambience. The room and mood are great! Service was not so great..having been here (New Orleans) for a few days and just after being in New York we really felt that both the front hostess and server were efficient and know their jobs well but, were very impersonal.  No gracious gretting when we came in...we had a reservation but hostess seemed suprised we were there and our server seemed distracted. For Service I would give 3 stars. We were not a big ticket table but we always tip well and if the waitstaff is engaging and friendly it's  more likely we stay for drinks. 
Yes come here! Get some great food and hot fresh pita. Buy a cookbook. You won't regret it.I've had Saba bookmarked for awhile now and I finally had the chance to check it out yesterday and I was not let down! I was with a party of five for a work lunch and we decided to go share a bunch of different thing. We picked the cauliflower hummus (!!), blue crab hummus, beets, wood-roasted zucchini and the Bulgarian feta -- all recommended by our waiter. The cauliflower hummus was by far, the best thing we ate; definitely lived up to the hype! We ended up spending nearly two hours there, it wasn't overly packed, but we didn't see much of our waiter. Thankfully we weren't in a rush! We capped it off with the Carob-Fudge Cake and I had the Golden Milk Latte. Both delicious! Make sure you have a reservation. I'll be back!