Went specifically for the oyster happy hour mentioned in Nola eater.  We have been a few times and the food is solid and changes seasonally which is great.  I was disappointed that after choosing this oyster happy hour over several others in the city we were told we had to sit at the bar (we brought our 10 yr old foodie so not an option) in order to have the happy hour prices. The restaurants website did not specify happy hour at the bar neither did Nola eater (other restaurants do specify this as part of their happy hour).  We intended on dining from the menu and not just the happy hour oyster menu which we did so it would have been nice to be extended the oyster happy hour price.  That said we ordered the pig ears which were super crispy and seasoned well, the drum throat which was super flaky and tender but did need a bit more seasoning for my taste, the gumbo which was delicious and the boudin stuffed wild boars heart which was tender and flavorful.  We also ordered from the beer and wine menu and happy with the selections.  Our 10 yr old ordered a great mocktail (tasted like a mojito minus the rum).  Our waiter was very nice and humorous as well as informative as to upcoming beer and wine dinners.  By the way there were only 4 tables at the time (we arrived at 5:45pm) so I would think after my husband asked about the happy hour upon arrival perhaps the manager would have had made a point to notice our check of over $200 and made a point to give us that happy hour special for the oysters.  This won't deter us of from returning as the seasonally changing menu had much to offer.For divine dining, try Sac-a-Lait! Not only is the restaurant space beautifully designed and lovingly created by the owners and their family, but the exquisite combinations of flavors and textures are a pleasant surprise creating an incredible culinary experience.  Each dish is prepared with amazing precision and the menu items are more technical than last year, evolving  with the restaurant's maturity.  The service is impeccable, drinks served to perfection (smoothest Sazerac ever!) We had the the deconstructed duck gumbo, purple hull peas, amazingly good charbroiled oysters in bacon/jalapeño butter, yellowfin tartare over sweetbreads and a charcuterie platter complete with cornmeal beignets, sorpresata, fig jam, pecans, and cheese.
Chefs and owners Sam and Cody Carroll have amazing culinary talent and work tirelessly to inspire their menus and excite their diners. They are such nice people, genuinely interested in bringing heightened southern and Cajun food to their diners. So much of their hearts and souls has gone into building this vintage warehouse space into a unique and beautiful fine dining establishment. Don't miss Sac-a-Lait when you make it to NOLA!Excellent but a bit overpriced food. Each dish (except a few) is tapas /entree size so you have to eat 3 to not walk out hungry. 
Service was excellent. 
We had the alligator, the octopus, and the (4 small) royal shrimp. We paid $74 for 2 with 1 glass of wine ($12) and were still hungry.over priced for the portions.  Do not get the duck.  giving it 3 instead of 2 stars because the quail appetizer was great, but a little small, the venison had great flavor and texture but 3 small pieces for $30 is not reasonable. just don't get the duck it was basically a meatloaf (i ate a few bites only because i was starving).  Went on a Saturday night at 8:30 place was emptying out.I haven't reviewed a restaurant on yelp in over two years but dinner last night at Sac-a-Lait was amazing.  Everything was delicious and innovative.  The restaurant was beautiful and our server Marie was great!  The owners were in the dining and in the kitchen working their butts off and it shows throughout the restaurant.  Love it and we will be back!Are you or a loved one vegetarian? Do you Hate condescending and pretentious staff? THIS IS NOT THE PLACE FOR YOU. 
A few relevant facts. 
1. I am a vegetarian who is born and raised in new orleans. I recognize that I live in a city that is  behind in the times enough to not always understand my food choice. Hello 2015, being a vegetarian is not a crazy or uncommon thing anymore. I simply do not eat meat. I happily eat, eggs, cheese, butter, etc but I do not eat meat (needless to say this diet choice obviously includes the elimination of seafood, since I just made it clear that I was a VEGETARIAN, not a pescatarian). The reasons for this are personal and irrelevant. 
2. I have worked in New York restaurants, so I appreciate and respect the in's and out's of restaurants 3. My love and I just moved into the warehouse district 6 months ago, literally 1 block away from Sac-a-lait. We frequent our neighborhood restaurant Cochan (who, without a judgmental attitude has an option for vegetarians that is not a side dish.. plus their service is kind and impeccable) and were excited to try another seemingly nice restaurant within walking distance from our new home. Here is my awful dining experience with the oh so pretentious Sac-a-lait: 
The bartenders and hostess are awesome. 
When you have a 3 top and the restaurant is pretty much empty and you mention you have a friend who is on their way. JUST SEAT US. If we were just 3 people you would still likely need to seat us at a 4 top no matter what. The dining room was never full (for reasons I now understand) during our entire time there. I know this is not the hostess fault, but lets face it- this can sometimes be a dumb rule.
I told the waitress I was vegetarian and she said the kitchen can "definitely" pull something together for me since there is NOTHING on the entree list for the many people with my food choice. She comes back a moment later and tells me they are going to make me one of the dishes they have on their menu just without the oysters. I asked if it would be the same price as the on menu dish and she found out and said "yes, oysters cost basically nothing, it's the truffles that are what make the price". I said ok cool, can we get the oysters on the side since I'm paying for them anyway and my wonderful friends at the table, who love them, can enjoy them? She said "Sure, no problem". 
Clearly there was a miscommunication here because when the dish came out it was a soup of green pasta mixed with a dozen dripping oysters. She did not even come by to see if we were happy with our dishes. So when we got her to come over, she basically taps her foot with impatience and says "whats wrong?" I said "I'm not upset, I just am not going to eat this because I thought we discussed the oysters would be on the side". Literally the whole dish is sloshing around in oysters and oyster juice... I think to myself - what vegetarian would eat or order that? She looks at me condescendingly and said without me interrupting, "I thought you were going to just pick them out, I mean we don't do substitutions. I'm going to let the manager deal with this". First of all, did I mention this was our first time here? I had no idea this is what they meant by a vegetarian option. Second of all I didn't call for the manager and now I am only a little upset because you are speaking to me like I'm an idiot. The manager tromps over to our table and standing way too close to me with her gaze trying to shame me she asks "Whats wrong?" in the rudest tone you can imagine. I look at my friends and they almost laughed because of how disrespectful she was.  If I was the Owner of this place, I would get a new manager, she is not doing you any favors and she completely lost our future business. She passive aggressively says to me - "well, I guess it was a miscommunication, you told the waitress ..." . I shut off at this point. The way she was talking to me as if this was "all my fault". OH please.  
We had ordered grits for the table, which never came until the manager took away the oyster soup and offered the side dishes on the menu. FIRST OF ALL, we already ordered the grits to share at the table, and they never came out. Second of all, if I had wanted a side dish I would have ordered it in the beginning- oh wait, I already did. Third of all, shouldn't you offer to replace my entrée (nah, that would be good service, why would you do that)? We ended up paying for all our drinks, the grits, 3 entrees and an appetizer. 
I have never in my life experienced such disrespect from a southern restaurant. It was not even about the food towards the end, it was about the way they spoke to their customers and handled the situation. If you don't like people... don't be a manager and don't work in food (especially in such a friendly tourist city like New Orleans). 
We will not be returning and we will be sure to share the experience we had with our friends in the neighborhood.Amazing meal!!! We love farm to table, locally sourced ingredient restaurants and this one knocked it out of the park. Our waiter was top notch - friendly, welcoming and informative. The menu is a small plates type menu, with idea of ordering 2-3 dishes per person and sharing them amongst the table. We asked if we could do a Chef's Tasting, with them choosing our dishes. Without batting an eye, he said he would love to do that along with a craft cocktail pairing for each course. Each dish was presented beautifully and explained in detail. The chargrilled oysters are amazing, not to be missed. My husband doesn't even like oysters and wanted to get another order. The tartare was fantastic, a great blend of flavors with the veal sweetbreads and lemon olive oil. The beet pie was spicy goodness. Venison tenderloin was cooked to perfection, perfectly medium rare and delicious. I loved the slate blackened red fish with the jasmine rice chicharron. Our drinks were creative and truly a work of art. We were even able to try a few that aren't on the menu yet. It's hard to save room, but do. We had the three desserts.....each fantastic. If you love food and eating unique dishes, this place is for you.  The Chef's are passionate about their food and it shows!Slow, hot, confusing menu, and I just ordered the wrong things. I thought I got turtle soup but I ended up with a turtle patty rolled into wilted lettuce with a thick broth poured over top and the textures were not great. If you're not into new age cuisine with foams and such, don't go here. It is a beautiful restaurant, but the prices are way too high.A friend and I went to have a late dinner at Sac-a-Lait on a Saturday night. We had a reservation and were seated right when we arrived. Everyone was extremely friendly and attentive. The hostesses and waitress were kind and made friendly, non-intrusive conversation. The waitress was very knowledgeable. She was able to describe the menu with great detail and made good recommendations. We shared a few things. We had the fried alligator & mirliton and oysters to start. The alligator & mirliton was delicious. It appeared to be a small portion at first, but was wonderfully rich and a a few bites was all each of us needed. We also shared the gulf-fish and shrimp etouffee with a side of goat-cheese grits. The fish was nicely cooked and the shrimp etoufee and touch of spice provided amazing flavor. The goat-cheese grits were rich and creamy. We were not disappointed by any of our dishes. The ambiance was nice and the service was exceptional. I would recommend Sac-a-Lait and would definitively come back!Staff was great! They knew their stuff and explained the menu items thoroughly. The restaurant had a great vibe and ambiance, and the food was delicious. We ordered the ouster tower. Oysters were very fresh and tasty. Entrees were on point and dessert was the best. Loved the cobbler and bread pudding. Will definitely return if I am ever back in NOLA.Everything was excellent. Our party had Raw Oysters, Alligator, Rabbit, Octopus Poboy and the Venison Backstrap. 5 stars all around.TWICE!! we've hit a home run with this place. Diverse drinks and menu to suit all. Atmosphere fantastic. Worth leaving the French Quarter for this place!!If I could give this place 10 stars I would. The atmosphere was great, the menu was PHENOMENAL... literally one of the top 3 meals I've ever had! The staff, management, and owners all made our experience incredibly personal and an evening that we'll never forget. We can't wait to come back!The full creole experience! Oysters, gator, venison oh my. Great authentic spot, from the location to the cocktails to the ingredients, everything is locally sourced and home made.Sac-A-Lait is awesome!  From the industrial look to the service, from the kitchen to the value, it's a wonderful dining experience. I had braised duck tongue with sweet potato and goat cheese grits first, and then pork temples and calf cerveaux (brains) with house made rice noodles.  Although the entire menu is small plates, the servings were quite generous and I was completely satisfied with the 2 plates. This food is indescribably good!  Please give this place a try next time you're in New Orleans.I don't even know what to write, it's SO good.  We were visiting NOLA, saw reviews, tried it, fell in LOOOOOVE.  ohmigod. We had the alligator with mirilton, venison, truffle fries, oysters, and snap peas.  I'm no foodie, but this was the best food I've ever eaten.  Evar.Delicious dinner once again. Three of us tried several dishes. Started with amazing chargrilled oysters, squash blossoms, alligator mirlaton, deviled crab. Entrees included flounder and soft shell crab. Dessert included bread pudding and aged banana pudding. Our waiter Kyle was very attentive. Definitely make  reservations at Sac-A-Lait on your next night out.If you have any dietary restrictions, this restaurant will not accommodate you.  They allow no substitutions, and the kitchen will not prepare something special.  I called to ask about this before attending a friend's birthday dinner, and they recommended that I eat one portion of one appetizer dish (plain smoked fish).
If dietary restrictions are not a concern, the food is great, though it is loud.Char grilled oysters were amazing.  The rest of the menu was a little intimidating. Very hard to find if your not from the area. Drove around the block twice before taking a chance and getting out of the cab.  Pricy but food quality was great. Staff and ambience were friendly and welcoming.  Would go back but wouldn't be my first pick.Went here after doing an OpenTable search for reservations in the neighborhood and had never heard anything about the place. What an impressive surprise! The space is gorgeous, hip & airy, and the food was impeccable without being too pretty or cute and servings were well-sized. The service was flawless - water always filled, drinks always refilled, great descriptions of menu offerings and suggestions. Would go back again just for the pistolette and cocktails, but I suspect everything is fantastic here.What a perfect Jewel tucked away in the lower Garden District . I am a Chef in the Minneapolis area. These guys are cutting edge! If you don't understand what they are trying to do you are missing it. The twist on Cajun food is refreshing.   Every dish was amazing,the grilled oysters, the rosemary white wine truffle honey fries, the goat cheese grits OMG!
Keep it up Chefs Bravo !Excellent dining experience. Had a medium size group and the service was fantastic. True farm to table dining, had a variety of foods that we shared...pigs ears, pheasant, alligator, etc... the butter nut squash ice cream was awesome!! Will go back for sure when I return to NOLA!Best restaurant in New Orleans. The chargrilled oysters is too die for! The truffle fries are amazing and entrees are pretty great! Our bartender was extremely helpful (forgot to get his name) and our waitress, Amanda was simply wonderful! She made our dining experience 10x more enjoyable. We will definitely come back here when in town!!!Modern atmosphere, beautiful esthetic, cool location and wonderful staff. We decided to sit at the bar. Instead of bar stools they have padded benches that look like they could seat 3 ppl but is absolutely cozy for 2. The drinks are delicious and Norton was our bartender. Highly recommend checking out this swanky establishment if for nothing more than drinks.
Edit: ate the food. Dear baby lord Jesus. Try the pigs ear. If you like pork...my god!!!
I'm not vegetarian...obviously, but I had the hen of the forest which was a completely vegetarian dish. It was a variety of mushrooms on a bed of different kinds of lettuce with the most amazing sauce to top it off.  My date had the soul plate. It is what is sounds like. Mac and cheese, Turkey neck, okra and corn bread. Also highly recommendWhat began as a reluctant dinner ended as an extraordinary food journey. For weeks I viewed the menu online in hopes something would entice me as it is ever changing with the season. I finally took the plunge and I couldn't be happier. You must ask your server to work you through the menu because on paper it does not describe or even list all ingredients or presentations which make the server's involvement mandatory.  For example, a must try dish is the Murder Fries - their take on the famous mussels and frites but with oysters- but the menu does not mention oysters as part of the description of the dish. The name is a play on the murder point oysters served in a soft broth  complemented with rosemary and garlic.  The whole dish is topped with perfect potato fries flavored with a honey, but if you didn't ask, you would not know it contained oysters. We also had the deep fried okra and the tuna tartare. Both delicious and lovely.  The most beautifully presented dish was the smoked cobia. This showstopper came to the table under a cloud of smoke and then released to reveal the fish and condiments.  Although theatrically intriguing, the dish was mediocre in flavor. I recommend getting another main. Overall, great drinks and tasty dishes.tWent here for one item on the menu, fried venison backstrap and it didn't let down at all. And all around awesome eating experience. Great apps and awesome reveal, had red fish throats and turtle boudin and it was all good, highly recommendedAbsolutely awesome. We had a full course meal, oysters followed by appetizers(I recommend the alligator) then crawfish and our entree.  I was shocked to find out they had only been open a month. Everything was spectacularNice restaurant. Very large, not many guests inside, not a problem getting a table. Food was exquisite, but overpriced. Very friendly waiter.Absolutely outstanding experience. Inventive and very tasty cocktails. One spicy cocktail made with jalapeño bourbon really got my approval. Several really good Barrel aged cocktails as well. Food was outstanding too. We had an amazing venison back strap dish which had a nice little kick to it. Wonderful rabbit and collard greens dish . Amazing chargrilled oysters . The hen of the woods dish was really good as well. Love the atmosphere and had a very helpful and attentive wait staff. This place is underrated and I hope to get back soon.Our first night in New Orleans, we chose well. We began with the chargrilled oysters and an order of their fries. The Restaurant's signature dish: LOST FISH.... Was delicate white fish in a spicy sauce on a bed of crawfish étouffée with sweet corn calas. The gumbo was spectacular. The appetizer: Drum throat is an adventurous idea, perhaps better named drum collar. The sauce was delightful. Be brave, order the Drum throat. Our server was helpful, sweet and genuine. 
My only criticism is the noise level. The large warehouse has an industrial sensibility that projects a very cool vibe, but it's just loud.So we came here for my best friends 21st and next time I'm in New Orleans we will definitely be coming back! I tried the oysters, the lamb, the alligator, and throat and it was to die for! For my entree I had the dried goose which was cooked perfectly. (I expected it to be well done) I have never had truffle fries in my life and they were hands down amazing. The service was amazing our waitress(can't remember her name but she has red hair) took very good care of us and we all left happy and full. Also you can't go wrong with the aged banana pudding for dessert!Great meal, great service but amazing night atmosphere- all done by owners' families!!!! 
 Charbroiled oysters were best I've ever had and I'm an oysterman's daughter!Return visit to Sac-a-lait. Most of the food was wonderful (amazing beet pie), but the Hen of the Woods, which I loved last time, was sadly disappointing. It had almost no sauce and the mushrooms were barely cooked. I don't want mushy mushrooms, but I don't want them raw either. Could it be a new cook? If so, he or she needs some instruction from the old Hen-of-the-Woods maker. Sort of shocking to see a dish go from sublime to less than mundane in the course of two visits.Great food - but the rest of the house needs LOTS of work. 
We live in the neighborhood and have been in before and has a great experience eating at the bar, so we were happy to bring our friends from out of town here for dinner.  After several false starts, were were eventually seated 15 minutes after our reservation.  Which was nothing compared with our waiter, who was unbelievably condescending. I let him know I was gluten-free, and asked if I could substitute the bread that came with a dish with something else.  I received nothing less than a prolonged SCOLDING about how there are absolutely no substitutions, that the chef has intended each dish to be eaten in a very specific way including every item on the plate, and that in his "many years in the industry" he has seen people who have not eaten according to the chef's intention and had a bad meal.  When I asked him to simply leave it off the dish because I don't believe in wasting food and I knew it would simply go uneaten and be thrown away, I was told again that there are no substitutions and it was impossible to leave the bread off the dish.  The whole situation was ridiculous and frankly obnoxious - trying to bully customers into eating something they have to medically avoid is beyond ludicrous.  The manager did come to ask us how things went and comped us a round of drinks.  I really hope they can get their act together - the food is quite good, and it would be nice to be able to bring friends here without worrying that they are going to get a tongue lashing when they try to order their meal.In a word, SPECTACULAR!  With a long list of NOLA restaurant suggestions from friends and trusted reviewers to get through, we decided on Sac-a-Lait for our first lunch.  It turned out to be our best NOLA meal.  The gumbo was deep, dark and complex with a wonderful smokiness from the charred okra. The grilled oysters were beyond belief  with perfectly toasted pieces of bread baked on site. Heirloom tomato salad was perfect.  And the meal was completed by a blueberry/peach cobbler with the perfect balance of sweet, tart, warm, and crisp. Oh, and those local draft beers!   Can't say enough about this wonderful bastion of quality ingredients and top-notch preparation.Great service and good food come hand in hand at Sac-a-Lait. We tried several of there dishes and came away very pleased.
Turtle Boudin 
Gulf Oysters 
Serrano & Goat Cheese Grits 
Lost Trout 
Fried lackstrap 
Everything was cooked to perfection and again the service was outstanding.We are in New Orleans and have rented an apt at The Cotton Mill. As we were walking the other night, we came upon this amazing Restuarant! We walked in and were taken back by the over all atmosphere and ambiance the location has. It all felt familiar and comfortable. Something I was able to relate to right away. The greeting staff was lovely and friendly. We were seated promptly at a table near the kitchen, which I always like to sit at restaurants. We were greeted by our waiter, Clark, and introduced to the farm to table concept. Everything sounded so fresh and delicious. Between my wife and best friend, we ordered 9 dishes. The Deviled Crab and Charbroiled Oysters were to die for. The Duck and Veal excellent. Amazing desserts! 
After an amazing meal we strolled over to the bar, where we met Kyle, also known as Beast. A big teddy bear of a man, who can make a mean drink! We stayed for a while longer to finish off a few more drinks and conversation with Kyle about his life.
Amazing Restuarant experience!! This is a must! So unique, pleasant, accommodating. We love Sac-A-Lait! Thank goodness we are here for another 5 months, which means at least another 20 dinners there.This place is a cool, and it is a nice concept - they use local ingredients and game.  However, they have a no tolerance for substitutions policy.  I have gluten and dairy sensitivities, and avoid these ingredients.  I can almost always find something when I eat out.  I tried to order their blue crab and peach dish, which was listed as served with goat cheese.  I asked the waiter how it was prepared, and he said it was crab meat with grilled peaches.  I specifically asked if the crab meat was mixed with any thing, and he said it was not.  So I ordered the dish and asked for the cheese on the side.  He came back and said they cant make any substitutions because the whole dish is a concept.  I asked where the cheese was on the dish and he was not able to answer.  So I didnt order any food and they didnt make any concessions.  
On another occasion, when I was having a drink there , I tried to order a cocktail, without the added agave, ans they refused too. It would have been.sweet enoigh without it.  
Anyway, my point is they are pretty prententious.  Coming from someone who is pretty pretentious about food.  Hopefully they will adapt as they are around longer. I wint be going back.Hard to find. Cab had to circle the block twice as there is no sign. Took nearly 30 minutes to get as drink at the bar though restaurant was not even half full. Limited menu and when we asked about nor having a raw egg but in the gumbo were told the chef allowed no modifications.  Had to scoop it out myself. In a party of 10 the only dish anyone liked were the raw oysters. Poor service and more than $50 per person.  Never again and would never recommend.Excellent atmosphere!  Great staff!  Had the Bone-in Venison prime rib and was excellent.  Not your ordinary restaurant.   Great experience!A lovely fine dining experience with a variety extremely different. I'd like to visit this restaurant again except it's very expensive. The portions are too small for the price and makes you want to think twice before ordering. If either they reduce the cost or increase the price I might visit it again. But a good one time place to eatSac-a-lait is an extremely unique experience. From the cocktail options, to the wine selection, and finally the menu-what a great place!
   Nothing on the menu is like anything you will see in any other restaurant in Nola. Fresh, fun and funky!  My family and I celebrated a birthday dinner here and we all left happy with lots to talk about. Every dish was excellent and perfectly prepared. With an ever changing menu (daily) it's sure to please even the most picky of foodies! 
    The vibe is laid back, the service is awesome and I have no complaints. I'll be back and would recommend this place to anybody looking for something fascinating in a dining option!I'm a local and have been here 4 times since it's opened. Everything has always been great from the service, decor and food. This has quickly become one of my favorite spots in the city.Wonderful food , unparalleled hospitality and cool ambience- this place has it all. Had to go back a 2nd night this trip to try more things in this innovative menu!Waiter was very kind, and explained the oddities of the menu.  No dish provided for bones despite ordering whole fish.  $28 appetizer (poisson fume), while pretty, was so small as to not be enough to have the three members of our party to taste the fish.  
New Orleans is a very tough market.  There are lots of really good restaurants.  Sac-a-lait has a higher price point that Restaurant August, and falls far short of that rarefied air.  Not bad.  if the dishes were $20-25, the fails would be expected.  But at $45-55?  You don't get cut as much slack.  
Local oysters at $2.50 each?  Blind Pelican serves them for 25 cents at happy hour.  Cassamentos (for my money, the best in town) charges $13/dozen.
Wait at least 6 months.  Maybe by then, they will work out the kinks.  Until then?  Go to GW Fins, Kentons, or Peche instead.Outstanding!  there is nothing more to be said. This food will bring you back to when your  mom and dad lived on what they raised, caught or kill. You will be amazed.  Please ask to try the chicken feet its not on the menu. I'm going back real soon. A rare type of restaurant. If you want something different try this placeFood was beyond delicious! All 4 of us were pleased. Our server, Maurice, was extremely knowledgeable and personable. Definitely will return!!Front house manager, Shannon, is AWFUL!!!! In a not-full, but open/loud dining area, with lots of large groups, she came up and rudely shushed us during a toast. Waiter confirm there were no complaints. Made the rest of the night, with the evil looks, very uncomfortable for all in the restaurant. I do have to say the rest were very positive. Great atmosphere. Great food. Great drinks. Amazing waiter, Christopher... He had great suggestions, he was super friendly, knowledgable and personable. Bread pudding y'all! Bomb. Oh and alligator mirleton.This is the most innovative menu you will find in New Orleans with the most well informed staff in the city restaurant industry. I loved everything I ordered including the venison ( which I always thought I didn't like) and the char grilled oysAmazing and delicious food. If you are open and willing to try an eclectic cuisine this is the place and truly deserves this 5 star rating. I will come back to this restaurant next time I visit New Orleans without hesitation.I'm a pretty tough critic, I come from a big city where we have literally any type of food possible executed to perfection, so needless to say I have been spoiled. Moving to Baton Rouge has been tough, because I think the food is very sub par, but coming to New Orleans and eating here has restored my faith in Louisiana cuisine. 
This place is unbelievable with how good the food is, it reminded me of back home and it was such a culinary delight. The owners have done such a good job taking dishes of home cooked Louisiana classics and stepping it up about 10 notches. I even told my friends who were visiting from NYC to check it and out and they had an amazing experience there. This place is a truly a gem that has not been discovered yet. Eat here as soon as you get the chance because I foresee this place blowing up the warehouse district as one of the finest places to get food. Great job and please for the love of God open a restaurant in Baton Rouge.Fantastic meal from start to finish.  Deviled crab, turtle boudin, stuffed peppers, redfish, duck, bread pudding - all amazingly good.  Great space and staff hit the friendly/professional balance right on.  Will definitely be going back.I read the YELP reviews before dining at this restaurant so my expectations were high as most of the reviews rate this restaurant rate it as very good.  I just don't get it.  The service was very slow and the food was mediocre.  They sent out a fried chicken foot as the amuse' from the kitchen and it was just a complete turn off and no one at the table thought it was appealing or appetizing.  In fact most of our group was disgusted at seeing a chicken foot with claws as our treat from the chef.  There are too many great places to visit in NOLA so this one won't be a repeat.Sac-a-lait offers a sophisticated touch on southern family recipes. Plus, they change the menu every week. 
First, we were on a tight  time crunch bc we arrived late, and the entire staff was very amenable to our limited time. Keep in mind, this was their third night open, and they already had all of the kinks worked out to get us to our concert in time. 
For starters, we had the oysters and deviled crab. The deviled crab was simple, and so delicious. 
Our entrees were trout w crawfish étouffée and blackened gulf fish w wild rice. I don't care for rice normally, but this wild rice with the gulffish was a terrific pairing. 
Finally, the desserts! I am a dessert girl (unfortunately), and these were as delicious as the rest of the meal. 
We ordered one of each, the flourless chocolate cake and the banana pudding. Both were to die for; and huge (Amen!). The flourless chocolate cake is a warm rich melted chocolate with ganache, and my new favorite dessert in New Orleans!! 
Overall, this restaurant is a nice place for a girls night or friendly gathering; a bit too well lit for a date place.Once they seated us, the waiter was kind to our group, however, it took him a considerable amount of time to take our order (I was starving). Once he took our order, it took another hour for our food to come out. I understand that they are trying to create a dining experience, however, minimal communication with the waiter made it feel as though our group was a second priority. The food arrived and was underwhelming for the price you pay. The plating and the delivery was gorgeous, however, the taste was bland. I ate roughly half the dish and chose not to have it boxed. Overall, I was disappointed with the experience and don't plan to dine here again.Outstanding!  there is nothing more to be said. This food will bring you back to when your  mom and dad lived on what they raised, caught or kill. You will be amazed.  Please ask to try the chicken feet its not on the menu. I'm going back real soon. A rare type of restaurant. If you want something different try this placeRevisited a few times over the last few months. Menu continues to offer solid fish and game dishes delivering big flavors. Service staff is evolving a competent and relaxed professionalism. Oysters at happy hour are half price and are big on size and value.It was a gamble. No one could tell me anything about the place. What a payout!! Words can't describe how much I enjoyed this experience! We  sampled all the sides. Everything was fantastic. Appetizers included oysters, alligator, duck risotto, and gumbo. All were fantastic! Entree for me was the lost fish. Black bass this night. Very good. Very nice wine glasses were nice. Service was spot on! I'll be back.Best meal and cocktails hands down anywhere in NOLA.... this was our last meal and was definitely better than La Petit, Cochon or Toupps!! Crazy good food and the cocktails are top notch!! We will be telling everyone from now on this is the best restaurant around!I have no idea who would write such awful reviews about this place, I guess they can't handle amazing service and outstanding food that is beyond it's years in NOLA. I'm so happy to finally go to a restaurant that will say no to people! When I asked if I could not have the white remoulade sauce on the side with the alligator and mirliton and my waitress told me that it's not a full composed dish without it per chef's request. I was very hesitant but when it was placed in front of me and I tasted it with the dish I was glad I got the full dish as is! They really have an amazing concept and I full support their "No substitutions" policy, because it makes you try new things! We also had fried chicken feet as a lagniappe, and it was so good. I have to love a chef who doesn't fear the people who eat a certain animal yet will turn their nose up at the "less desired" parts. No waste is a wonderful thing that more restaurants need to follow suit. Anyway, I'm here to say this place is going somewhere and not a darn person is going to stop it. I think by the time fall rolls around that it's going to be extremely hard to even get a reservation in, so go before that happens! I wish I could give this place 5 stars over and over again. The warehouse district is so lucky to have such a new restaurant in it's area.I wish I lived in New Orleans so I could come to this restaurant on a regular basis.  The bartenders were friendly and made a great drink.  The food was dynamite, and the atmosphere was super hip.  We will be back!Everything was just marvelous. Do go! Just order everything. My favorite dish was the crawfish fettuccine. And the banana pudding dessert.I chose this restaurant from yelp, not knowing much about it and I must say it was the highlight of my trip to New Orleans! Terrific food and a knowledgeable staff. Love the concept of farm, hunt and fish!  I will definitely be back on by next trip.Blow the doors off good!
The menu is a clever Louisiana infusion with mostly influences of SW Louisiana. Cities like Crowley, Jennings, Oakdale, Rayne, Carencro, Breaux Bridge, & Lafayette. More green onion, garlic, & butter than tomatoe, okra, & acid. Some of yal will know what I'm talking about. May I suggest the Turtle Boudin & River Jumbo! I would bathe in their roux!Top notch drinks and food. The biggest oysters I have ever seen. Take the bartenders advice and mix all three toppings for an amazing experience. Outstanding service.If you like unique, adventuresome, delicious, beautifully plated, every-dish-a-winner restaurants with friendly knowledgable outstanding service, add this to your bucket list. Alabama raw oysters were plump and pleasantly mild with a neat looking decorative giant cracker disk. Alligator had a crunchy honey BBQ-like batter with yummy pickled mustard seeds. Drum throat was rich and flavorful. Arugula meringue on the mushrooms was fun. Pig ears with cream cheese and caviar were not unlike crackle (I.e., yum). Chess pie with butternut squash ice cream was a huge hit. Hungarian dessert wine was a perfect finish to a perfect meal. Those were my particular faves from what we tried in our party of four. Family style was definitely the way to go as there's too much good stuff to sample. If it were in my backyard I would take visiting guests to it often. Thanks to our server (and chefs) for making it such a wonderful experience and a great end cap to my first trip to New Orleans.Interesting menu and the service was good. Chargrilled oysters were delicious. . However, the rabbit bolognase pasta tasted too much like lemon. Why would anyone put lemon on top of bolognaseCame to this restaurants with reservations but this establishment refused to make accommodations for a party of nine despite having reservations and waiting over an hour. Sadly, my group left this place after a split table was prepared and tried to offer ways to still sit together with the group I arrived with. The staff was unwilling to help nor were they friendly about this. Had appetizers and drinks at the bar. Ordered the fries which were weirdly sweet that didn't make it very appetizing. I would never come back to this place!We ate here last night before going to a party. Waiter was great and fully explained the menu. Beautiful location, beautiful restaurant, plenty of space for a large party.  Only negative was I'm from New Orleans and didn't quite get or understand the menu. The blackened redfish served over the shrimp jambalaya was amazing and spicy however, it was not your typical jambalaya and not offered as a meal. Local spirits were on the cocktail menu and that made me very happy to see.....try the new orleans crystal rum or the rice vodka!This place is nothing but exceptional. From the little details  of service to the beautifully designed space and the plates of delicious food that had been placed in front of me. The whole place enlightens the senses.
You can tell the dishes have been so perfectly thought out by the chefs that they are basically pieces of art. And along with the service that is down right amazing. I would pay double to price I paid for the evening just to have such a pleasant experience again.
The atmosphere is casual and relaxing while the fine dining aspect is the food itself. It was a wonderful mix that made the evening wonderful. 
I'll be coming back again and telling every single one of my friends about it because I believe this restaurant has high hopes and goals and won't stop till they achieve them. 
Also they have brunch on Sunday's with bottomless mimosas! Can't wait to dive into that soon.Four stars for service, no stars for food--too bad they don't have minus stars for kitchens that really miss the mark!
Traditional dishes reimagined with a modern palate sounds good, but whoever did the re-imagining had a one-note palate. Field peas with ham (side dish, not even on the menu!) could have been luscious, but the flavor was blasted away by too many japaleno peppers. Same prob with the turkey neck confit with Napa cabbage slaw. Whatever flavor there might have been was buried beneath a too-potent vinegar sauce.
The blackened redfish was tasty, but tiny.  So tiny the server warned me that the redfish was one of the smaller entrees and suggested I get a side, hence the black-eyed peas. All of the portions were meagre, something I've never before encountered in New Orleans. I walked out after three courses nearly $60 poorer and still hungry. At least I understood why I could to walk in at 8 pm on a Saturday and get a table with no problem.I went for lunch and had a fabulous experience. The server, Christopher, was personable and knowledgeable. The seafood was fresh and perfectly prepared. The cocktails were so tasty that my friend and I came back the next night to hit the bar and have dessert (that cobbler was the best I've ever had).Never disappointed always the Best Quality Cuisine . Total attention that is committed to each plate obviously. Keep doing this.The best meal we had in New Orleans. Starting with the cocktails - delicious and balanced. Every plate was a delight. The presentation of each plate was creative. There is no need to recommend a specific item - everything was outstanding. The room is a creative repurposing of an old warehouse.I've been here a couple times now since the restaurant has opened. My god, it is my new favorite place!! Every time I go the menu has changed slightly, and I try to order what is recommended to me by the very attentive but not overbearing waitstaff. Though the menu is a bit on the adventurous side, that is what is so fantastic about it!! No where else have I been willing to try a dish called fried backstrap!! Or river gumbo! But make no mistake best gumbo I've ever had, best fish and best meats. I also love that it explores a side of Louisiana that we don't often see in New Orleans. 
    This is actually a one of a kind restaurant and I can't wait to find out what the chefs Cody, Sam and Brad come up with next!Enjoyed every bite of every dish we ordered. 
Hubby and I were so excited to have our anniversary dinner here,  and they did not disappoint! We watched their show (Cajun Aces) on Food Network and agreed that this is where we wanted to celebrate our union.  Service was awesome and our waitress was very friendly. She described every meal upon serving. We shared Chargrilled Oysters,  tuna tartare with sweet bread,  venison medallions and Crawfish tourtiere, and German chocolate bread pudding, which was out of this world! The cocktails were tasty and awesome too. I definitely recommend this place!Wonderful service, perfect (and affordable coffee), delicious turtle boudin and an inventive brunch menu. Very impressed with this first outing and only see it improving as they tighten up operations.Great bartenders.... creative menu with some solid dishes.  Truffle-honey fries are amazing!Had lunch here last week.  It was phenomenal - can't say enough about it.  We had a lot of food but the stand outs were the lost fish, the red fish throats and the sweetbreads.  Got the chance to meet Chef Cody and was very impressed.  If you are in New Orleans and appreciate outstanding food you need to run to this place.I had an amazing time here at sac a lait. The ambiance of the restaurant was sweet with a rustic feel; it's a quaint place. 
Our waitress was Amazing and she was constantly checking up on my party to ensure everything was well and we were comfortable. Each time an order arrives (our appetizers or entrees), she would ask for verbal feedback on everything to ensure we have an enjoyable experience. I felt thoroughly attended to. Without a doubt, everything we ate was delicious. I've been to many restaurants in New Orleans and this placed really surprised me with the whole experience. 5 stars for service, drinks, and food. I would definitely come again.