We had a great experience here.  The decor is great, as is the ambiance.  Loved the bar menu and our food was superb.  The pork was great!The best I can say is "meh." Came for happy hour and decided on wine because cocktails weren't in the happy hour menu (sigh). Found out at bill time that my wine wasn't on the happy hour list. Really? Wouldn't that have been good info upon explaining happy hour? Service is a tad snobbier than I prefer.Came in from out of town, were told Saint Marie was open on Sundays if there was a Saints home game.   We thought great, perfect way to try the place, especially with so many great restaurants in NOLA and a limited amount of time to check them all out.
Don't.. .truly dont go on a Sunday.  It turned into something like a college bar so quickly.  We were having dinner in the dining area, along with other couples when streams of over-served folks came in, bringing their beers, and ordering more.  Literally there were 40-50 people at the bar, one guy took his shirt off for awhile, and another group were seeing how hard they could punch each other in the chest.  Surreal for what I expected to be a nice upscale casual restaurant.  Staff seemed to be trying to ignore the chaos.  Even had a drunk guy put a beer can on the table next to our table as the crowd spilled from the bar into the dining area.  Awful, truly awful...couldn't get out of there fast enough.  Not at all what I expected.Gorgeous space. The walls are covered in drawings of old maps of the city - it looks like wallpaper but they were apparently hand painted. It's a hip new place, and when I was there about a week ago it was surprisingly busy, given that it's only been open a few weeks. Robert LeBlanc is clearly a popular guy.
I'll have to go back to get a better sense of the service, food, etc. The first time I was there, I was mostly distracted by the group I met up with, so was paying more attention to our conversation than my surroundings. However, I definitely noticed this isn't a terribly veggie friendly place. Fortunately for me, I'm trying not to be a vegetarian. Unfortunately for me, it's not going very well, even when faced with a menu full of ostensibly delicious meat-centric dishes. Still find myself eating around pieces of flesh. Le sigh. 
The bathrooms are seriously confusing to find. You walk through this short hallway and are faced with a set of sliding doors on the right, and an unmarked door in front of you. The door in front looks like an emergency exit, so naturally I tried the sliding doors, which open onto a storage area of some sort. By process of elimination I figured out I needed to keep going through the unmarked black door, which takes you into a back corridor made of cement, where you'll eventually find the bathroom. Once you know where to go, it's probably not an ordeal, but the first time you're looking for the bathroom is a bit of an adventure. At least, it was for me. 
I tried the asparagus (pretty good), a bite of gnocchi (same), and had the French Onion Soup for my entree. The soup was decent, not as good as Cafe Degas, but not bad. It was also the closest thing to a "vegetarian" item I found on the menu, and I assume it's made with beef stock, since most French Onion Soups have this, right? 
Oh, also, get the chocolate dessert. I forget what it's called, but it's amazing. One of these days, I may go back just for that. And drinks, of course.If you love chicken and waffles, this is a great place to try it! The atmosphere is very friendly. The chef is also! He's known for his famous fried chicken. The best is that crystal hot sauce and syrup mix for your chicken and waffles, YUMM!!! 
Its also a convenient spot to get this dish down in the CBD. You can't miss it!I feel like we had every appetizer on the menu. The mussels (an entree we orders as an app) were by far the best mussels I've ever had. EVER. All of the apps were a hit, but I've waited too long to write this to remember them all. Let me see what I can recall: Gnocchi, Beef Tartare (another favorite), Pork Belly and Scallops, and Shrimp and Grit Fritters.
My entree didn't knock my socks off, but everyone else raved about theirs.
The drinks were all really tasty too. And for specialty and classic cocktail, they weren't as pricey as some bars I've been to.
Service was great too. Prices are a little high, but that's to be expected of certain places.I love this place. I mean I really, really love this place. The food is French and wonderful. The soft shell crab BLT is to die for. The salads are all refreshing and delicious. Their hanger steak and fries is very filling and worth the price. Bartenders are THE BOMB. They mix the best drinks - try the French 75, you won't be disappointed. Buy a bottle of Veuve Clicot and you can sign it and put in the champagne tower by the door. Ultra cool is their secret private room - in the middle of the champagne tower; you'd never know it was there.I had a fun, yummy night at Sainte Marie but it did not knock my socks off. Our server was friendly and knowledgeable. The selection of cheeses was varied and delightful. The crawfish mac and cheese with a blend of three cheeses - fontina, gruyere, parmesan - is the best thing I have had there. The chicken and waffles are made special by the addition of their crystal hot sauce syrup. Portion sizes were great. Not too huge but filling. 
 I agree with a previous comment that "the feel is upscale but not douchey." You can get away with dressed-up jeans here or a suit and tie. We could easily hear ourselves speak and liked the people-watching views out the window.  I enjoyed their light and flavorful Sazerac, a New Orleans variation of an old-fashioned cognac or whiskey cocktail.Marginal at best. A slow Sunday night and the wait staff was busier setting up for the next day than taking care of us. We ate only part of out salads and they started to bring out or food, then took it back in the kitchen. We were told they remade it because we were " still working in our salads." Another waiter told us they put it under a warmer (we knew this.) The chicken was dry; vegetables uninspired. Expensive meal for what it was.The oyster salad appetizer is one of the best things I've ever tasted.  One of my companions said the same of her hangar steak.  The watermellon and pork belly appetizer is like nothing I've ever had, it's delicious. There is duck with duck craklins that is out of this world good.  I can't say enough good about the food.
The Dean of New Orleans cuisine was seated at the table next to us and he seemed quite pleased with his meal.  The fact that he was there at all tells you what the buzz about this restaurant is all about.
Only reason I did not rate this a 5 is the service staff.  The bar was great, and the service adequate, but not to the level of the food coming out of the kitchen.Beware the oyster salad entree. It's neither an entree, nor a salad. It's 4 fried oysters and some dime-sized turnip cubes. The service was good but the menu gives no indication of what you can expect. I can't eat here - it's too RISKY!I live in the building above Ste. Marie and sadly disappointed.  First, I love the space. Awesome ambiance. Love that the late hours that you can order food.  The staff is friendly and nice.  I feel the staff lacked knowledge on wine to answer my questions on wine selection, but then again I think the hostess was working the bar.   I suspect the bartenders and servers might be better trained in wine.   I hate drinking red wine that has been open longer than 24 hours.  Red wine turns to shit after 24 hrs, so If I'm paying $15 a glass it better be fresh/current.    The food, however, is what led to my sad 2 star rating.  I rarely ever complain about food, ever.  The house salad was pretty good.  fresh, great flavor.   The entree sucked.  Moroccan Rubbed Salmon.  I was asked how I want my Salmon cooked which I found odd for Salmon.  Tuna yes, Salmon, odd.   I suggested the chef pick for me.   Bad mistake, it was seared on the outside and raw in the middle.   I eat sushi, but this wasn't sushi.   I didn't taste the Moroccan rub at all.  It was plain and flavorless.   Served on a huge plate with a little quinoa - no garnish.  Plate presentation was lame.   Quinoa was not fully cooked, practically crunchy.    Since I live upstairs, I plan to give Ste. Marie another chance.  I want to like this place, and I hope it was just bad dish selection on my behalf.Great atmosphere to enjoy a drink or two. Greeted by a lovely hostess then served by an equally polite bartender. Enjoyed a glass of Moscow Mule, which tickled the tastebuds with enjoyment. Recommend going in a small group to fully enjoy the quiet atmosphere.What a great Meal!  We were there for a bachelor party and had a great time.  The waiter was pleasant and very attentive.  The food & wine were both amazing!!  The cheese plate, the gnocchi, and the oysters were fought over every time they came to the table.  The variety in the menu allowed everyone to enjoy a great meal!  Kristen, the executive chef, came out to talk about the meal and didn't lead us wrong in recommending dessert!I frequent this restaurant on average 3-4 times a week.
The service is always superb. The happy hour crowd is always professional and the drink prices during happy hour are the best in the city!
With that said, Ste Marie keeps the menu and drinks fun especially for 30 something's.
My new favorite meal is the steak Cobb salad!This place is not set up to handle a nice business lunch.  The Step. Marie salad was amazing. The service was horribly slow. The main dishes were dry and the bread pudding was barely okay. The chocolate dessert was great though. Very rich.  So, if you have a lot of time and money, head to Step Marie for a salad and dessert. Don't drink too much though because no one was checking on us. You may run out of tea and water.I've been to Sainte Marie a few times now, all lunches, and have always enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Since the chefs have changed, the menu and daily specials seem improved on what was already very good. Personal favorites are the Gnocchi, Jerk Shrimp, and Corn and Shrimp Fritters. The Pork Belly and Watermelon is also delicious, but only available seasonally. You also can't go wrong with the Hangar Steak and Shrimp and Grits. 
As for the physical space, it is something you either like or don't. Opinions are polar with not many in the middle. Personally, it works for me, and I enjoy the break from the more usual New Orleans style. The restroom location is a bit odd, but I accept that as a limitation of the building. The actual facilities are fine and well appointed, with nice toiletries and a spot to rest. I also appreciate the full-length mirror. 
I've usually had Taylor for our server,band I highly recommend him. He is highly skilled, knowledgable, great timing, and delivers a fine dining experience without pretentiousness. 
Only missing a star because the hostesses always seem a bit non-engaged and entrees sometimes take a bit longer than ideal in a lunch setting. They're worth the wait, but people have to get back to the office. I have seen improvements in this aspect.Went here again on 2/11.  The fondue was still not available, the dishes for it had just come in and the restaurant was still making decisions about what cheese to serve etc... So we asked our waitress when the fondue would be available and she told us a date she was comfortable with would be 2/23.  So if you're going for the fondue call ahead and check if it's ready!
Other than that, everything else was still pretty good.  The bar seemed to be just a tad on the slow side.Just had lunch with a friend.  Got two apps, the muscles, and two drinks.  With tip it was $80.  Pretty hefty for a lunch and when you compare the food with similar priced lunches, it doesn't stand up here.  
But, the food was very good.  The muscles were cooked in a great broth and the shrimp and grits fritters were excellent.  Light and airy, with great flavor.  Our drinks were also spot on.  The service was also excellent, with the server being present but not in the way.  Overall, I probably won't go back because of the price, but I am glad that I tried it out.  You should also, but I can't say for sure if you will be glad that you did.I picked Sainte Marie based on Yelp reviews and by looking for a restaurant within walking distance of the Hyatt Regency in the CBD. I was taking newbies to NOLA and had never been there myself so was a little on edge about what kind of restaurant this would be. From the ability to change our reservation last minute, to the wait staff, the ambiance, the wine selection, and the menu, we had a most enjoyable experience! The food was excellent, the Malbec perfect, and our server amazing. I wish I remembered his name now because he was knowledgeable about the menu, the wine list, the city, and he was so personable. He really made our meal there a true delight! I will recommend and return. Well done!!Went here for the first time last (1/14/12) b\c everything else was packed for the Saints game. Excellent accident. The staff was amazing. Everyone was so friendly. We had the special (scallops and butternut squash over risotto), tuna tartar, lobster mac n cheese, and creme belle. Everything tasted amazing! Not one complaint. This place is also beautifully decorated. Everything was tastefully done! I will defiantly go there again!3/5 decent bar
been here a couple times now (literally) for after work thirst quenching and it's a cool spot. i like how they have distinct areas for dine/drink and folks seem to be coming in to hit that happy hour and decompress. decent selection of wines and cocktails, and the feel is upscale but not douchey.You can tell there was a lot of planning that went into all of the details for this place and it shows.  When you walk in you know this is going to be good.  The food was progressive and unique.  I recommend the Alligtor soup.  It is their version of turtle soup but with a hearty serving of alligator.  The cocktial and wine list was also very progressive.  
This place is classy.  Although you know you will be spending a good amount of money, you are okay with it since you are getting more than what you are paying.
Great place to host an event with a dozen or two dozen people.  I would not recommend this as a first date venue but a great place to enjoy some great cocktail with a group of friends and coworkers.I really like this place. The decor, the staff... I was there for a company party, and it was great. I had their drinks, but didn't eat any of their food. I'll have to go back for dinner one day.So, I have never written a review before, but Saint Marie (soon to be reincarnated as Meauxbar in the French Quarter) was an excellent restaurant experience. We are spoiled, living in the SF Bay Area/Napa region. Chef Kristen is a creative, intuitive and passionate Chef-we predict with a huge career in front of her. Owner Robert, Waiter Kyle,  the bartending team and host were all just fantastic- infectious love for their work. Now about the food itself. Let's just say my profile picture is now the yang of the yin foodie posting, because it shows the empty dish after devouring the black eyed peas hummus and cornmeal naan appetizer. Couscous salad off the hook, mussels heavenly. Kristen's creativity is grounded in respect for local flavor, culture and style with a twist and deference to culinary traditions. We will be cheering you guys on.
No doubt this will be our go to restaurant when we are back in NOLA.It's a crazy Friday night, and from the moment I waked in, I felt like I should have stayed at home. It's packed with girls dressed in their best and boys trying their damnedest to impress. However, I am cutting to the chase; there's enough reviews about the space:
If you are asking me to pay hotel prices for a single cocktail, then I want hotel service. I do not want my bartender to give my drink to someone else,  and 15 minutes later admonish me or shrug her shoulders when I ask about the strange drink sitting three feet away from me. 
The tipping point? When your bar is slammed with customers, I do not want to see the manager or owner hi five-ing his friends and pouring them drinks while many a patron are still waiting for paid drinks.
The nail in the coffin? The chef saunters out from the kitchen, pours himself a 1/2 a rocks glass of Johnnie Walker Gold over ice, ruins it by adding water, then drinks it behind the bar. On a Friday night. At a peak time.
So gauche. So wrong.Had a great meal here with a friend a few weeks ago. The mac-and-cheese is out of this world. The drinks are well made, the service was friendly and capable. The desserts were great, too. It's in CBD so generally seems emptier than it deserves to be. I wish more people would give this place a try!
I'm from NYC, my friend is from NOLA, and we both really enjoyed everything about our meal. Will definitely be back, will recommend to friends and colleagues.Honestly, I don't think they use salt here. Or they're using table grind instead of sea salt or something, because damn, every single entree needs some salt. 
Now as every other yelp douchebag such as I like to think they are a qualified "foodie" - and I do, considering I eat out every single night, running around New Orleans. I decide to come here to eat during lunch. 
The space itself is beautiful. Located in the fugly hot 930 poydras apartment buildings right next to Jamba Juice - the space inside is beautiful. The hosts were friendly and service was a little off as the waitress knew very little about the menu when we asked questions.
For appetizers I ordered the mussels and french onion soup. The mussels came in this tomato broth with chorizo and semi-burnt piece of baguette (what's with people and eating dry, crunchy baguette slices with soup? meeeh). The French Onion Soup came out looking perfect with it's crostini and cheese melted top - but yes, it needed a ton of salt because it just tasted so bland. 
For entrees my dining partner had the crab cannelloni and I had the beef cheek bourguignon. The crab cannelloni was okay - the crab itself was tasty however the cannelloni itself was overcooked and soggy. The Beef cheek bourguignon is probably the worst dish on the menu - while the meat is tender it is horribly under seasoned (yes salt, see the theme here?) and it comes on top of this weird potato "galette" which I think it's supposed to be some kind of potato cake but ended up being burnt julienne slices of hard potatoes underneath. It just tasted...old.
Ste Marie has only been open for a few months as part of the LRG group - the same people who own Sylvain, Republic, Capdeville, etc - however food-wise I find this to be the weakest of the bunch. Hopefully during this early time they can iron out the wrinkles because with this beautiful space and clientele, the food really should be a lot better.I met some friends here on a Friday night.  We were there somewhat late but not right at closing time.
The menu was fairly small, but what they do, they do impeccably.  I had the gnocchi to start, which honestly could have been its own meal.  They were perfectly cooked and served with a sauce that I can only describe as YUM.  I also had the moules frites, which is one of my favorite dishes to try at a new place.  The truffled grits on the side were really, really lovely.  I wished the dish was larger.  My friends helped me finish the mussels and fries, and we all really enjoyed it.
The only reason I'd give it three stars was though our waiter was incredibly sweet and polite, the service was S-L-O-W.  We may or may not have been on a mission to drink quite a bit, so our drinks were finished quickly and needed refills more often than a typical restaurant patron.  
I'm glad friends recommended it but I'm not sure I'll go back next time I'm there.Stunneingly mediocre. Cold indifferent welcome;we were refused a banquette because of their many ,many reservations,none of which actually materialized. They don't serve bread with the meals. Lots of attitude. Some of the food was oversalted.,some tasteless. Server never checked on us,though our water was filled to the brim every time we took a sip. My fish was seriously undercooked,we awll left most of our food and the server didn't inquire why. Can't believe this place evern exists in New Orleans with so many wonderful choices and warm friendly service everywhere else we have eaten in multiple trips. Skip it unless you can't think of anywhere else to goGorgeous place!  Great food! Fun and Yummy Drinks!We decided to have dinner before heading to the Eric Clapton concert. WOW!! What a great choice. My wife ordered the escargot and I ordered the alligator soup and both were outstanding. For the entree my wife ordered the crawfish Mac & Cheese and I ordered the burger. I asked for something off the menu and they took care of it with no issue. The Mac & Cheese had truffle oil and it was well portioned and delicious. I order the burger with a fried egg and bacon it was awesome. The fries were thin and crispy almost perfect. The only reason not to give the Sainte Marie five stars was being seated next to the bar even though we had a reservation. People were constantly bumping into me during our dinner. As self proclaimed New Orleans foodies we highly recommend trying the Sainte Marie.Nice decor, music volume was lively but allowed for normal conversation. Service was outstanding -- perfect balance between attentiveness/anticipating needs vs. letting the diner just enjoy the food  and her thoughts.  Respectable selection of wines by the glass- had a decent roija for $8/glass.
I had the steak sandwich which was truly wonderful-- super tender but still flavorful.  The special bibb salad with citrus was sublime.  What I loved most was the kitchen's willingness to go off menu a little bit . I almost never ask for substitutions, but  I was dining solo and wanted a little hunk of cheese for dessert with my red wine -- but not the whole "Cheese Plate" they had on the menu.  The kitchen put together a very nice little serving of cheese that was perfect.  It felt like I was home, but with much better cooks in the kitchen. :)I went last night to use the complimentary appetizer card we got as a lovely gift at the last Yelp party, thank you!  I was initially excited to try the cocktails but as I inspected the long list closely, not too much actually appealed to me.  I got the one with prosecco and a sort of fig compote that didn't really mix well and just sat at the bottom.  Nice idea, not so great execution.  The boyfriend's drink tasted watered down, like the bartender made several drinks and let the leftover sit in the shaker melting until someone else ordered the same drink.
I also thought it very strange that they had bread and butter plates on the table but no bread was actually served and the plates were removed once we ordered.  Weird.  The escargot was good but it couldn't hold a candle to Dante's escargot, nor could I detect marrow in the sauce.  Apparently the tartare was tasty but the BF ate it all without me.  Crab cannelloni, man, I hate to sound like a downer but this was little, backfin pieces of crab, doused with a ton of brie and encased in a sort of tough pasta.  I ate it, but then I would eat anything that is doused in brie.  
I'm so glad we decided to get dessert because it was outstanding.  We ordered a lemongrass-ginger creme brulee and it was perfect, the flavor, the texture, everything.  
I will probably come back for a fancypants happy hour although it's not exactly my scene.  The guy who was sitting next to me had an awesome looking hangar steak so I will order that next time, skip the cocktails and get champagne and of course, order dessert.Love ste marie. The food is amazing and drinks too!Had a late night reservation on a Friday night here for a birthday dinner. We settled because they're one of the only places that has a seating after 9:30 that "doesn't have New Orleans charm" as requested by birthday boy. It's very loud at 10PM as the acoustics aren't the best and the club goers are warming up. Drinks took entirely too long to be brought to us. I ordered one of their cocktails; wasn't terribly impressed with its taste based on the price. Ordered a NOLA Brown Ale which tasted great with the delicious Chicken and Waffles entree, but it didn't arrive until some of my final bites-- it's a good pairing if the waitress isn't a total nitwit.
Turned my nose up to Kenny Chesney fans who wandered in after his concert-- Honestly, who wears jean overalls in a place like this?
I'll come back at a better time to sample more menu items, but this shouldn't be a late night destination, unless you're in a serious pinch like we were.Sainte Marie is right around the corner from us, so obviously I'd like it more than the average person. It is a little pricey but the service was phenomenal, despite going during All-Star weekend. The food was great too. I must say the apps is where it's at. And they have happy hour from 4-7pm which I love because we can go after work and not have to slam down drinks in a one crunch.This review has been sitting for so long, and it's so meh. Finally, I'll express my ambivalence about Ste. Marie. 
The food is great. I've loved everything I've ever had here, including a really stellar beef tartar with quail egg. But there is some funky stuff going on, like the decor which doesn't match the service or food. It's really weird for New Orleans, with this pretentious New York-style vibe going that's supposed to invite slim, sexy 20-somes to slink in. I'm not slim or sexy, which is why I might feel out of place here. 
The service has always left me feeling a little icky and off. Like, they try hard but they over-try in some oddball ways. This is super weird, I know, but I went on a date with an Asian chick. Two weeks later, I'm back in Ste. Marie with another Asian date (at my date's request). The two people were vaguely similar (both Asian, dark hair, boobs, roughly my height), but that the staff specifically commented on us "coming back so soon." Did they just think I was there with the same person? Because that was not okay. I'm not sure a restaurant's staff should make my social business their business if they can't get it quite right. (The second visit did not involve reservations so it's not like they cheated with my reservation history to take notes.) 
They also closed their Revillion dinner before the official promotion was over and were quite rude on the phone when I called to verify that the program was still on. I thought their menu was tempting, and the official event went through NYE. When I booked for December 27, I thought I was safe. No dice. Wish the host who chatted with me that day wasn't so snotty. Dude, y'all were the ones who shut down Revillion before the season closed. 
Accessibility notes: door opens in. Space is dark and can get loud at peak hours. Tables are close together for visitors with mobility devices. High bar. No Braille menu or signage.An update to my previous review.  I went recently for drinks. We stood at the bar. I ordered wine by the glass, and was not disappointed in the pours. They seem to have gotten less skimpy. Either that or I was lucky enough to get a bartender with a heavy hand. Whatever the case, I'll take it, and I hope they keep it up. Cool place, and definitely a worthy addition to downtown.The best thing about Sainte Marie is its charming, hardworking head chef, Kristen. She's a true delight. Alas, my brief chat with her could not overcome the dreadful night my date and I experience at this upscale eatery. My review comes from my own service industry background.
Sainte Marie sent invitations to everyone in my downtown building. So I checked them out online for menus, pics, and of course, customer reviews. It all looked great, and reminded me of joints I enjoyed in SoCal for many years. A short walk from my apt, we decided to go grab a bite before hitting the Oshun parade.
Atmosphere: Cool, chill and modern. A boutique-like dining room that could easily double as a hip, fashionable nightclub. The lighting, art, color scheme, and furniture were all on point. Upon entry you almost feel "cooler" than you really are.
Service: The host said tables were all booked but that we could grab a spot at the bar. I could see at least 3 empty tables were but figured the diners would show up at some point. And if not, perhaps the host would get us one later. It was only 5:45 PM. 
At the bar we waited 20 minutes before a bartender even acknowledged us, despite the fact there were only a handful of customers there. Finally bartender Brooke tossed two drink napkins our way and took our order. Maybe she was a new hire or was just having a bad night but Brooke had no interest in serving us. Our tasty drinks did little to wash away her negative vibe.
Food: Our appetizer was beef tartare. My date ordered Sam's yaka mein while I had their fried oyster salad. We found the tatare a bit bland and overrun with arugula. The oyster salad, though tiny, was good enough; but would benefit from more crunchy greens rather than the watercress it comes with. Their yaka mein is a real winner. A hearty dinner soup of noodles, beef stock, and boiled egg.
After our plates were cleared we waited another half hour for someone to offer us a check; or at the very least, a desert menu. Finally I walked over a hostess and asked her to get our check. She was sweet and appeared embarrassed at their poor service. Bartender Thomas, who had ignored us all night, was quick to notice my credit card and promptly ran the check. My date saw the irony without my saying a word. We left for the parade and later hit the Windham bar for drinks.
Five stars? Yeah, that's for irony.This place was great. I wanted clean, healthy but authentic food and this place hit the spot. Service was top notch, the decor was modern, and the food was locally sourced. My cocktail was handcrafted to perfection.  Downside, bill was a bit steep.From the moment you step inside Saint Marie, you know and feel that you're in the right place. The decor is quite lovely, with a blueprint (more dark red) or layout of iconic streets in New Orleans.  There are mirrors all around the restaurant, and there are table and booth options. This is a french restaurant, and a fancy one at that, so of course there's going to be fine wine. The ceilings are high, and there are lights hanging from above. 
The only complaint my friends and I had was that the menu was rather small, and there were such few entree options (literally there were 7). You might have to brush up on your french food words, but just know that "poisson" means fish, steak "frites" means steak and fries, and "buerre" is butter. One of us ordered the pork chops, and the portion was entirely too small for $21. I ordered the Rasberry Duck Salad ($13) which was pretty small (like appetizer size) but it was VERY good. Someone ordered the eggplant sandwhich and she said it was perfect. Thhe burger ($13) was awesome! And its big enough to split. For someone who doesn't usually enjoy burgers, my friend left feeling very satisfied.
This place would be great for a night on the town with friends, and also for a more intimate dinner with a special someone.Tried Sainte Marie late on a Friday based on Yelp reviews.   It was super.   Out waitress, Stacy was knowledgeable, attentive and generally a cool gal.  The bar has an inventive selection of cocktails and does the standards very well too.   We had a round of appetizers and liked them all but the Corn and Shrimp Fritters and the Gnocchi were stand-outs.   The appetizers were plenty to make a meal, but what the heck - why not indulge.   Entrees were all solid with the scallop special winning best dish for the night with the hangar steak was a strong runner up.   The pork chop was well seasoned but a little chewy.   Desserts were all good.  My only wish was for an espresso but otherwise an excellent night.My friends suggested I try out Ste. Marie when I went down to NOLA for Jazzfest. I don't eat the different foods that people go crazy for down there and they felt Ste. Marie was the way to go. Those ladies were correcto!
Love the room, high ceilings, huge map of NOLA on the wall and just a great space. Our waitress was really sweet and constantly came over to check in with us and make sure we were doing well. Drinks were well made, I loved the glass my drink was served in. I had a delicious salad to start and then they customized the eggplant sandwich for me without any dairy. It was DELICIOUS. Amazing bread and just so flavorful. Speaking of flavorful, the fries were out.of.this.world. I could have just eaten fries all night. My parents got a burger, french onion soup and my dad got some crab special that he loved. We were all very pleased with our meals.
The music was PERFECT. I got excited when every new song came on. We hung out for a bit after our meal to watch the basketball game at the bar. Chill bar scene.
I wondered why the place was so empty on a Saturday night - it's definitely a random location but the overall ambiance, price, service and food was well worth it!This is my new brunch spot!!  We got the shrimp and grits and their omelet special which had shrimp, goat cheese and creole tomatoes...WOW!! The dining room had a cool feel and I can't wait to come back for dinner soon.All of my friends love this place, so I've been wanting to try Ste. Marie for quite a while now, but I was always skeptical about the inconsistent reviews.  I noticed that many of the reviews were from people who had bad service at night on the weekends when they're busiest.  I decided to take my best friend out to lunch for his birthday, so why not kill two birds with one stone by dining here right?  And I'm so happy I made that choice.
I made reservations on OpenTable for lunch, and we were seated promptly upon arrival.  The server was so amiable and benevolent and really helped us decide what to order.  To start we ordered the recommended Gnocchi and Tuna Tartare.  We absolutely loved the Gnocchi.  The sauce was top-notch and overall it was a unambiguous winner.  I also enjoyed the flavor of the tuna tartar and liked that it was served with baguettes.  (Is it me or are baguettes showing up everywhere?)  For our entrees, I ordered the Scallops and Risotto, and my friend ordered the Grilled Chicken Breast Pasta.  I was told before ordering that they were serving the Butternut Squash Risotto with the scallops, but they decided to switch it up in the kitchen and served a pea risotto, so I was slightly disappointed.  Don't get me wrong; it was still good but I was really looking forward to the butternut squash.  When I first bit into the scallop, I thought it was cooked perfectly, but when I got towards the middle it was a bit under cooked.  It was still edible so I didn't complain (and I'm not one to complain if it's something minuscule).  I had a few bites of the Grilled Chicken Pasta, and we both agreed that it was very tasty and satisfying.
We also received a complimentary dessert.  I wish I could remember what it was called, but it was similar to a pudding/ice cream consistency with Andes Mint mixed into it.  It was a very savory dessert that hit the sweet spot.  We truly appreciated the gesture.  
I am beyond delighted that I finished gave Ste. Marie a try and that I wasn't disappointed.  I can only hope for everyone else to have the same experience as we did.A friend of mine had a birthday party there last night but I had been there before for the opening night. When walking in it looks like a suit and tie establishment but you can really just pull it off a t-shirt and jacket combo. The atmosphere is lively and electric. I love the fact that they use a city planners map as wall paper. The service is excellent but the bar tender are a little slow for my taste. If you've ever eaten at Capdeville it's almost the same food but this place is more fancy. ( Alligator soup & quail eggs with stake tartar, Oh My! ) All in all not bad if you wanna feel sexy and important. The only complaint is that it's great at camouflage. Seriously, if you weren't looking for it you'd never notice it was there.Great atmosphere the drinks during happy hour weren't super cheap but fair prices but more importantly they taste really good. I had the peary maison and it tasted like candy. Some people may not like that but they have a lot of options and the bartender does custom orders.  He made a good gin aviation.Today I would rate them a 4.   But they definitely have 5 star potential once they get all their ducks in a row and based on the fact that these are the same guys who own Capdeville, a cool little gastropub also in town.
I believe we went there on the 2nd day it was open for business, they had a preview night earlier in the week.
The decor is very modern and chic.  I liked it a lot.  They are definitely trying to capture the young professional market.
Unfortunately the fondue was not available yet and some of the other items were also unavailable.
On the other hand, everything they did have was pretty good.  I had the Alligator soup to start which was pretty tasty.  Some of my friends got the french onion soup which was amazing.
I had an open-faced beef cheek sandwich for an entree, and it was amazing.  The rabbit and the steak also looked great.
We did have a couple of bottles of wine as well, both of which were good.
The service was excellent and the staff was very friendly.  
All in all, I would definitely recommend Ste. Marie and will probably dine here again when I come back to town in a couple of weeks.
And on a fun note, the one thing that everyone I have spoken to about the restaurant has noticed is that there are a lot of very attractive women eating there.  So for some people it'll be worth the trip for that alone.I have dined here twice in the past two weeks and have had two fantastic experiences.  Chef Kristen Essig does an amazing job putting her own twist on classic dishes.  The steak tartare (the best in the city, although a different preparation than the more traditional examples) and jerk shrimp are not to be missed.  The menu highlights dishes that are sourced from the finest local farms with the freshest organic produce.  With each bite you can taste the love and care, as well as the finest ingredients being used.  Having been a long time New Orleans resident/foodie, I am very happy that I was introduced to this restaurant.  I will be adding Sainte Marie into my regular dining rotation of favorite restuarants moving forward.Been here a couple of times for both lunch and dinner and I've always left satisfied.  The restaurant has a great modern vibe and the menu is a good size (it's not a novel but there is something for everyone).  They also usually have a couple of good specials.  The hangar steak is very good and Sam's yak a mein is great.  I would certainty recommend this place to someone wanting good food with a decent atmosphere but nothing too fancy.  The only thing that keeps Sainte Marie from getting 5 stars from me is that they took my favorite salad (grilled caesar) off the menu.This is one of the best meals I have had in a while.  The watermelon pork belly was amazing.  The chef even came out to our table and personally delivered our apps!  We certainly felt special.  I usually enjoy staying uptown for dinner since I hate parking downtown, but this is well worth the trip. Our server was new and seemed a bit nervous, but was very attentive.  The chairs were uncomfortable and small, which didn't seem very cohesive with the large open room and plush bench seats in the booths.  I will definitely be back though.Came by for lunch one afternoon with about 7 other people. The waiter was really nice and friendly. The issue we had was that we were on a time crunch and it took forever for the food to come out. That would make sense to me if they were really busy, but we were literally the only people in there! 
When the food came, we were not disappointed. The decor is cute and trendy and the location is great for downtown. Price for lunch is medium, considering a burger is $14 and shrimp/grits is $19. I would consider coming back to try out the brunch menu, which looks interesting. Only other comment is that I wish that the waiter had told me that I would need to pay extra for a substitution. Not that I really mind, but it was a surprise on the bill that was unnecessary. 
Highlights: chicken and waffles + sainte marie burger
Do not recommend: steak sandwich (had some odd sauce + combo with fontina cheese that didn't quite work out well)