Loved the fried chicken & shrimp cocktail here. Great atmosphere and friendly staff; nice place for a date!This place is a hidden gem. I chose this restaurant based off yelp reviews. I was kind of looking for something a little different and we were celebrating baes birthday.
We went for a late dinner. It was a Monday night but I still made a 9:30 reservation. You can never be to sure. We arrived exactly at 9:30 and was seated immediately by Jeff.
We had our choice of tables. We chose a table behind the bar so we could watch the football game. Jeff came over to tell us about the late night happy hour and the dinner specials.
He was very attentive. We ordered 2 daiquiris off the happy hour menu. I had the pineapple crush I believe and bae had a strawberry margarita. 
After reviewing the menu and reading the yelp reviews we decided on an order of devil eggs, a small bowl of gumbo, crawfish spring rolls and chili wings.
The food arrived fairly quickly. It was so much food we didn't know where to start. I started with the crawfish spring rolls and be the deviled eggs. The spring rolls were absolutely delicious. I've never had crawfish before but this roll definitely did it justice.
The deviled eggs were plentiful and the presentation was beautiful.  I'm not a fan of capers so I removed them but the egg overall was very tasty.
The gumbo arrived piping hot and came with 2 slices of bread. It was so good but I had gotten full off of the spring roll and deviled egg so I only ate a couple of spoonfuls. Not to worry, bae finished the rest.
We didn't get to the wings. Jeff was nice enough to wrap them to go.
We were given the bread pudding as a birthday dessert. It arrived warm, deep fried and delicious. Maybe the best bread pudding I've had.
I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you're in the area. Next time I will do brunch. Great service, food and ambiance.Great little place tucked along side the French Market.  GREAT baked oysters!  My wife had the shrimp salad and said it was amazing.St. Cecilia is a lovely, intimate space with excellent food and great service.  They also make a good Sazerac, which I've learned is mandatory to be considered fine dining in NOLA.  
Our party of two had two  appetizers, grilled oysters and confit wings.  Both were great.  For our entree, we split the gnocchi, which was about as good as gnocchi gets, and the reason you should visit St. Cecilia.
We drank our dessert - Sazerac, again, and went on our merry way, feeling pleasantly mellow and satisfied.Best damn breakfast I've ever had. We had the roast beef debris biscuit with cheese sauce on top And stuffed French toast. The fruit was the best fruit I've ever seen and the homemade whipped cream on the French toast was out of this world. Fresh squeezed orange juice and a latte for the perfect end to this meal. We will be back!Good food in the French Quarter is hard to find. This is truly good food in the French Quarter! The oysters were delicious! Everything was well seasoned and had great flavors. The hurricane was the best I had ever tasted. Yum! The weird thing is that we were the only ones there at the time for dinner at 6pm. It seemed strange since the food, drinks and service were so wonderful. Good food and no lines in the French Quarter! You can't beat that.The pim's cup daiquiris were amazing! Oysters were huge! I ordered red beans and rice with sausage and it was really well done. It comes with a side of cornbread, very comforting food.Writing this review before I've finished...it is that good. Here on business with a colleague and we ordered the Honey Nut Sweet Potato Fried, the Crawfish Spring Rolls, the Shrimp & FGT Remoulade Po'Boy and the Chicken & Waffles. All of it was absolutely incredible! Can not recommend this place enough. The staff and the food is amazing!4 is being pretty generous. 
We ordered delivery and it came a little bit earlier than stated so that was a plus. 
Poboy with cheese curds-my husband likes it but it looks really heavy and a normal person can eat half and be full. It came with a salad that has seen better days that had no dressing on it whatsoever. The chips included were homemade and were crispy and lightly salted. That was pretty good. 
Gumbo with andouille sausage-it was on the slightly salty side but wasn't too bad with the bread that was included. It was pretty spicy for me but perfect for my husband. I think this was the best dish we ordered
Mashed potatoes with debris-eh.Great find! Small place at the end of the French Market but such a hidden treasure. Grabbed a quick bite to eat and a frozen strawberry margarita. Good music playing and trendy decor.Local beers on tap, stiff and delicious bloodies, and homemade deviled eggs (topped with crispy bacon and baked capers)...what's not to love? The bartender is a doll (and was here when we visited NOLA a year ago). This is a great stop to come in, cool off, and rehydrate with some tasty libations after strolling the French Market. Its right across the street. Cool spot in a cool town.Man this place was fire !!!!! The devil eggs to start off were fabulous!!! And for a meal I got the red beans and rice and they were just spicy enough but not to hot !!!! My wife got the macaroni and cheese and I tried some and have to say that it's probably the best I have ever had. Also I tried the roast beef pot boy and it was great too. Drinks are great and great atmosphere just all around a great place to go. Come see Jeff when u come in he was great as well. Also my buddy had the the oysters raw and he said they was really good as well. Must try this place outThe best hurricane cocktail. Fresh oysters and the gulf fish was delicious. Really great atmosphere.We came for craft frozen daiquiris and oysters and were not disappointed! Happy hour is 4-7 daily with $2 off daiquiris and $9/dozen raw oysters (they also had wine specials and a cocktail of the day). 
For drinks, we got a frozen Pimm's cup and a Singapore Sling, which tasted pretty strong and served in a classy styrofoam cup for our takeaway pleasure. 
We also ordered a half dozen chargrilled oysters because my girlfriend wasn't a fan of the raw oysters we've had in the past in NYC. The cooked oysters were solid, but I really thought the raw oysters were the star of the show. They were fresh and HUGE and surprisingly did not have that strong of a brine taste (something that seemed to be characteristic of oysters from the East coast). 
My only complaint is that there was grit and sand in all of the oysters. That didn't bother me too much, but just be careful on chomping down immediately after you slurp because you might bite into some hard pieces. 
My girlfriend ended up eating half of the raw oysters, which was a huge step forward for someone who had previously hated raw oysters. That said, she still preferred the grilled, so depending on your preference, you can't go wrong with both!To start, the staff is extremely friendly, even when you walk in at closing. They are also knowledgeable about the menu and every ingredient that goes into it. 
The ambiance is comfortable. It's a place to relax from all the chaos. 
The music, though not yet live, is from the 50s. I liked every song, and the waitress, Sonja, even knew the song. Classy lady (: 
Try it out. The food speaks for itself. It is high class ingredients, paired perfectly. Try the sweet potato fries and the confit wings. If I could give ten stars I would. The kitchen takes pride in everything they send out to their customers. You can taste and feel the love in the food.Fantastic little restaurant on the edge of the Quarter near the French Market and the Old U.S. Mint.  It's clearly related to Saint Lawrence (on the other side of the Quarter) but this is more of a casual restaurant than bar and the food & service initially appear to be better (or at least more consistent) here.  On a recent weeknight visit everyone in my group absolutely loved their food - deviled eggs, red beans & rice, char-grilled oysters, fried green tomato & shrimp po-boy, and gnocchi.  Wow, some of the best traditional NOLA food you'll find in town plus they've got some additional items & twists.
Service was great (admittedly on a slow night), and while prices may seem a tad high initially you'll also find that the portions are huge and everything appears to be cooked in-house from scratch.  Plus you can get a real daiquiri including the signature Pimms Cup from Saint Lawrence and they donate $1 from every daiquiri plus some of the restaurant proceeds to The Roots of Music (Saint Cecilia is apparently the patron saint of musicians).  They've also got discounted oysters and drinks during happy hour from 4-7pm and they're apparently open long hours from 9am to Midnight daily.
This will definitely be a go-to place when I'm going to Frenchmen Street (where there's not much exciting in terms of restaurants) or the Old U.S. Mint for festivals.  Or when I have folks in town who want real New Orleans food including some of the best red beans in town.  Bravo!!Very good food for sure.
Wife's fried oyster banh mi was fantastic.., 5 stars for that.
I had the red beans and rice.  The grilled andouille sausage was excellent as was the cabbage.  The beans and rice was a bit too heavy IMO. Still, good food and excellent outdoor service.Good food, fast to go orders. The red beans and rice was great and ton of food! And the crawfish pasta was delicious.Restaurant was cute and that brought us in on an early Saturday afternoon.  My husband and I were seated by the hostess who seamed pleasant, but she didn't speak.  Restaurant wasn't busy - two at the bar being attended to by bartender. We were the third or fourth table in there. We watched the server go up to each of the other tables and check on them, get them what they needed - never acknowledging our presence. 10 minutes later we left. There are far too many options in this town for this kind of service.We stumbled upon this lovely little place last night as they were closing and they were so welcoming. the cocktails were so good.. and the food was mind blowing. the appetizers were perfect and we split the fish almondine (spelling?) entree and honestly it was so amazing. Shout out to whoever is in charge of the playlist too, it sets the mood perfectly. apparently this place is relatively new.. so i recommend checking it out before everyone else finds it.We found this place based on good help reviews. It is tucked away from most of the main crowds across from the French market. We had a great brunch with giant coffees and food portions. Our sever Gemma was awesome and we would definitely recommend the Roast Beef Debris Biscuit! The place is cute and has a great vibe- go check them out!We stumbled upon this gem. The service was excellent! We were greeted by the host and immediately sat at a table in the back. The server came over quickly to take our drink order. 
We ordered the sweet potato fries. They were topped off with Gorgonzola cheese and pecans. So delicious! The fries were fried perfectly. Very crispy. 
I had the red beans and rice as my entree. It came with andouille sausage, a side of cabbage and cornbread. The beans were spicy. I enjoyed them! The cabbage was yummy. I felt that the cornbread, although tasty, should have been baked a little longer. 
I got to also try the Oyster banh mi. The bread was fresh. The vegetables on the sandwich were tasty. I loved the aioli sauce on the sandwich. So good! 
They also had many brunch items on the menu. I can't wait to go back and try their other dishes.We've been here for a few days and this place has been closed. We're leaving tonight and sure enough they were open for lunch. Thank God! Our server was Stacy was the bomb! We did like an all Tapas lunch.. chicken wings, gumbo, deviled eggs, a dozen grilled oysters, everything was absolutely delicious! Glad we got to fit them in before we fly out. We will be back!We were seated fast by a very nice lady. The waitress however, sort of ignored us the whole time. We ordered a coffee with milk and I had to ask for milk 3 times until I got it. The food was very so so, extremely greasy and I had to even ask for a pen to sign the check. She also didn't even look at us when she talked. Very unsatisfied ... we didn't get any service and the restaurant doesn't even have AC .... We waited quite some time for our food as well. The only good thing was that it was in front of a local street market. I don't know why it has such a high ratingAwesome spot with delicious slurpy booze (aka daquiries). It's all about the pims cup. Stacey was a great waitress. We'll be back for sure.So fabulous!! We had the fried chicken and waffles - amazing!! All white breast meat!!! Delicious home made whip cream!! Also had the pulled roast beef Benedict with debris and mornay sauce over fresh biscuits !!! The best of everything!! Drinks and service was great! Get a table on the front patio!!Delicious bloody Mary's and coffee with baileys. We are biscuit lovers and got the roast beef and gravy biscuit. They are very accommodating if you want to build your own biscuit too!Stopped in for cocktails and brunch. Mimosas were tasty and our food was amazing. Potions were beyond generous. I had the French toast. Everything just tasted very fresh and was so delicious. Staff was so friendly and everything got to our table super quick. Highly recommend!The fried pickles and mac and cheese were delicious! I honestly only take away a star because I thought our server wasn't very attentive (e.g., not filling up our drinks, not really checking in with us, paying more attention to other groups).We were initially unhappy with having this place preselected for us by a couple leading a large group we were with, however our attitude quickly changed following our frozen Pims Cup Daiquiri mixed drinks. The drink was  not too sweet nor too tart and had the right amount alcohol after adding the free shot we got, thanks to the Yelp check-in. Following theses great drinks we sampled the cooked oysters and the crawfish spring role. I will say the cooked oysters were the best I've ever had!! For dinner, I got the Red Beans and Rice and my wife ordered the Gnocchi. Both meals were exceptional, fortunately we even got a chance to have part of my friend's fried chicken witch was equally appetizing. Additionally, our waitress was fantastic! She was hilarious and really fun to talk to.The service is wonderful and everyone is extremely nice whenever I visit St. Cecilia. I typically order the wings and mac and cheese which both are excellent choice for something quick and not too heavy! Tonight when I went into the restaurant I was having a hard time seeing because I believe one of the managers insisted the lights be dimmed down very low, it made for a sleepy environment. But overall this is an amazing spot to drink, eat, and also they have 2 happy hours.Amazing food. Beef debris was amazing, gumbo was top notch.  Sweet potato fries were said to be "the best ever" by Marie. (she's gets them any time they're offered, so don't take that endorsement lightly). I don't even like sweet potato fries and I had to admit they were incredibly tasty. Great selection, everyone seemed to be enjoying their lunch/brunch and drinks. Presentation of the food was solid as well. Strongly recommended. Friendly and attentive service.Excellent atmosphere, a very comfortable place to chill and enjoy a bite. I had the Gorgonzola bacon burger, with some off-menu alterations: lettuce wrap (hold the bun) and asparagus on the side. Great for a ketosis diet. Nice wine selection. 
Great staff as well. Very much recommended.Great breakfast place and right next to the market. Wasn't terribly busy in the morning but looked packed later in the evening.  
Got the bbq shrimp and chicken and waffles. Both were fantastic. The chicken and waffles were perfectly cooked and served with chicken strips which my wife prefers (no bones). The bbq and shrimp were great as well. Also the drinks were a heavy poor which was needed that particular morning. 
Put this one on the list.Wonderful place, in a fantastic location, and great for our group of 7! Highly recommend!Just had drinks, great service and ambience. Very cozy but great finishes. The red-headed bartender/hostess/waitstaff was excellent. Very pleasant and conversational.What a great start to the evening after walking through the open air market. We sat down outside and our waiter was friendly and open. We started with grilled oysters, I can't tell you how yummy they were. For our main courses there was fried chicken and hanger steak and Thai chilly wings and a cucumber salad. 
We were amazed by the service and great spirit of the place.  They donate a portion of the profits to local musician non profit. St Cecila is a patron saint of the arts.This was a gem of a place. Unassuming, quaint, great service,interesting and delicious food,creative cocktails (love the Saint Cecilia!!!), good prices as well! Our server, Jeff was patient and attentive without bothering us. He had great knowledge of the menu and steered us toward some great choices. I highly recommend the confit chicken wings as an appetizer. We had a group of 10 and all the food came out quickly. For entrees, we loved the hangar steak frites, red beans and rice and fish. Highly recommended!This place.
I've been a long time devotee of St Lawrence--St Cecilia's brother restaurant farther up the road towards Canal--but I just got around to trying this place today for brunch and it was incredible. There were only two servers for the mid-size space, but their hustle and smile ensured everyone was taken care of in a timely manner. The drinks and coffee were excellent...but the food...outstanding. We got the crawfish spring rolls for an appetizer. Delicious. Then I got The chicken and waffles...transcendent. Easily one of the best brunches I've had in a low key environment. Will be returning.The Randall mojito! 
So first thing St. Cecilia is this great new restaurant bar right across from the start of the French market. I initially came in for a Uber pickup but decided to come back after checking out the Yelp photos. 
When I came back after the Uber lunch rush the rather upbeat bartender Randall greeted me with a water, menu ran off his favorites and gave me a minute to reflect. 
I needed every minute of that time. I was pleasantly surprised at the menu which was a perfect variety of New Orleans staples with a modern twist. I took the bartenders suggestion and with the Confit wings.
Now this wing was more thanks your basic wing with a decent sauce. The presentation was on point but after the first bite I was taken right back to Oakland's China town. The wings were so flavorful and perfectly crisped and sauced. However it was the flavor that made me double take my surroundings to be sure I hadn't somehow jumped back to the authentic Asian cuisines I've become accustomed to back home. (CA)
The wings came 8 to a order for $10  so good that I didn't have time to wait for a pic. The drink was a perfect pairing to the wings. Also a bartender suggestion. The definition of a mojito plus a little stronger( not complaining). So refreshing I almost didn't notice I was getting drunk!
Will definitely be back and suggest to my friends. Trendy space, convenient location, great food, awesome staff. Hope this place sticks around because I'll definitely be back!They have potential if they improved their food ingredients a bit more. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles as well as a burger. The chicken lacked ANY flavor whatsoever, but the waffles were nice, warm, and sweet. I could tell that the syrup and whip cream were a little low quality, but It satisfied me because I was hungry. 
The burger quality was very poor. I asked for medium-rare, and got a dull greyish burger. Didn't even finish it. 
Like I said, they are new and they can turn this around by choosing better ingredients for their dishes.I loved their chicken and waffles. I have breakfast here while visiting from California and loved it. If I'm ever back in the area I will definitely be visiting.Fresh made organic drinks, and delicous oysters! Sonya was our server and she was absolutely fantastic!What a quaint little bar/restaurant across from the French Quarter flea market. Sat outside on a beautiful day with great service from bartender and waitress! Food was great but atmosphere was excellent!I was looking for a good breakfast  and I found it in St. Cecelia, down in the French marketplace. My server, Mitzi, was excellent... Professional, knowledgeable, , friendly. And attentive. The Food was delicious iran especially tasty sausage that has a spicy bite... NUMMY.Our first night in New Orleans started off with this amazing restaurant. We were welcomed in with open arm. Very chill environment with INCREDIBLE oysters. We went there for happy hour and they were $9 for a dozen. 
We walked this place by another day during the week and our waitress remembered our names. It was very personal and she greeted us kindly, even though we were just passing by. 
Our last night in the city, we ventured back over to this same spot. We could not stop thinking about the food. This time, we got 2 dozen oysters and drinks. Omg the daiquiris are to die for. 
We also had the same waitress, Miranda, who made our stay in New Orleans extra special. We felt welcomed, even though this was our first time in the city. This place is a must-go!Great service and excellent food. We were delighted with the house made preserves, the omelettes were great, and the grits were just right.Loved the sweet cream cheese stuffed French toast and the creamy mac and cheese starter!We enjoyed a delicious brunch at Saint Cecilia's & we highly recommend it!! I had the oysters eggs benedict which was to die for! Another yummy dish was the poutin po boy & fried chicken & waffles! The servings were large and the prices were right! Check this place out for brunch!Wow. Just Wow. We came in just before closing and had one of the most incredible meals ever. Started with the fried pickles and moved on to a shrimp + fried green tomato po boy and red beans + rice for my wife. Great food, friendly service...five stars!!They need a bigger menu but the Mac and cheese was good and I hardly ever eat Mac and cheese so that was a win!This newer spot is the sister restaurant to St. Lawrence, a more established place also in the quarter. Stop by for oysters and cocktails, happy hour specials 4-7pm.  Great food/drinks and service, and nice atmosphere right across from the French market. I loved the strawberry 75, a tangy twist on a classic.Food and service were excellent! An added plus was the bathroom and kitchen were clean.This is my public service announcement... DO NOT WALK HERE AT ALL. It is super far (at the end of the French Market) and I let my friend pick the restaurant and handle the directions. By the time we made it I was hot, dehydrated and starving. Ok once we made it I ordered the BBQ Shrimp and Grits and a Poinsettia. It was a different spin on the classic dish and I was actually surprised that I enjoyed it. It had a spice to it and didn't really have the BBQ taste that I was expecting. It was actually delicious. The poinsettia was refreshing and much needed. I did get the water to go because I knew we had to walk back and I wasn't going to be caught out there again. All in all I would highly suggest you going and try this restaurant out if you are in the area.Excellent restaurant located in the corner of The French Quarter across from the open market. They serve quality food and have great happy hour specials on oysters and custom cocktails.Hidden gem 
Food is outstanding , sweet potato honey nut fries wow 
 Pork Roulade was off the chart with chili cane glaze and Tasso stuffing , Softshell with crawfish Burre blanc 
Finally fried bread pudding with whisky praline sauce, Jeff did a awesome job , we live around the best restaurants in downtown Houston , these guys are right in the wheelhouse with the bestI am an avid yelp user but have never left a review. Today, Saint Cecilia deemed itself worthy. This is my second time here-in less than a week-and this second time was just as memorable as the first. EVERYTHING from the service, to the bartender(EXCELLENT DRINKS, with a good amount of alcohol)was excellent both times. But the food, ommgggg the food. If everything else was horrible I would still return. I've gotten the chicken and waffles which comes with the freshest fruit from the Garden of Eden, lol! Usually I don't like my food to come with the sauce(or syrup in this case) to already come on my waffles but the amount they put is perfect for the meal. All in all if I could give them six stars I would!This was a fabulous place for brunch! The  chicken & waffles were delicious with a fair portion size that didn't over fill or leave me wondering where to go to get fed! It was a little hard to find and, Google maps didn't help. Essentially at the Esplanade end of the French Market facing the market on the French Quarter side of French Market Place. Well worth the short walk to get here.One of my favorites in the quarter. The atmosphere, the service and food are all just like I like it. 
The red beans and rice dish is delish and all of the sides are just as tasty. I'm a picky sausage eater but I'd put this right there with my mamas. 
The pain Perdue is absolutely amazing. This is one of the best I've had. The photos do not do it justice-seriously. I'm just sad I have to watch what I eat (you know that girlie figure) otherwise I would be here every single day. 
This is a must when you're in the quarter.This was a great  find.  It was right around the corner from our hotel.  We had a wonderful dinner.  I really enjoyed the red beans and rice.  The dish was nicely balanced.  Served with cabbage and corn bread both of which complemented the entree.  My husband really enjoyed the gnocchi.  The staff was wonderful. Friendly but not not obtrusive.  Great music selection. Very reasonable.If I could give this place negative stars I would. We just walked in with a party of 8 and as soon as we told the guy, he immediately said (in the rudest tone) I have two large parties coming in and don't have room for 8 and immediately turned around and walked away. He was so rude! He didn't say sorry or even wait for us to respond. Don't support this terrible establishment!I was a bit leery as it's a new restaurant but it far exceeded my expectation. I had a group of girlfriends in town visiting and we decided to eat here. The decor is beautiful, the service wonderful, and the chef spectacular. The food is absolutely to die for. It is definitely one of the best restaurants I've eaten at in quite some time. Definitely worth a five star review and if I could I would give them even more stars.Went in on a Sunday night...in town for a trade-show.  4 of us.  Place was empty except one table.  So glad we stayed.   Waitress was on point.  Food was awesome.  Had the crawfish egg rolls to start and then I ordered the spicy oyster PO-boy.  Boom!  Fish of the day was speckled trout and two of our guys crushed it...great flavor.  Chef and team brought his A-game for us!Delicious and hip southern food. Get a daiquiri and the crawfish spring rolls. Great experience.Place was phenomenal!!! Everything on the menu is amazing and the beer was perfect. Food took awhile to come out but was fresh and well worth the wait!!!Soooo good . Everything we ordered has amazing , also they deliver which was great after being so sore from walking all day ! 
We ordered 
Chili wings 
Sweet potatoes fries with Gorgonzola and honey  (we skipped the pecans ) 
Roast beef Po boy with cucumber salad 
We will definitely order again, when we come back !PSA! This bar/restaurant is the best kept secret of the French Quarter! Located at the end of the French Market next to Louisiana Pizza Kitchen, this place has freakin' AMAZING food, skilled bartenders, daiquiris, and great happy hour specials. I recommend the deviled eggs and Shrimp and FGT w/ Remoulade.  Careful, though... Once you're there, you may not want to leave. You've been warned!This is a small restaurant in the French quarter. It was the only place close to our hotel with an available reservation on a Saturday night so we gave it a try.  I'm so glad we did. It was dimly lit inside, had a nice ambiance, and full bar. I don't think they have air conditioning. It was rather warm and several fans were running. There's also a small outdoor dining space. Our waitress was very personable and attentive.  The best part was our meal. The food was amazing...deliciousness in every bite! I had the almond trout with potatoes, and green beans. My husband had the steak, potatoes,  and asparagus. Everything was fresh and seasoned to perfection. Portion sizes are large,  but the food was so good we couldn't stop eating.  This will definitely be a go to spot when we visit New Orleans again.My friends and I were visiting for a wedding and needed a late-night bite after a ghost tour, and our guide thankfully pointed is to Saint Cecilia. The food was SO. GOOD. We were the only table at 10:30pm and our server was so gracious and relaxed. Grabbed a table on the sidewalk and enjoyed our wine while we watched all the lit-up cyclists showing off their glowing rides in the empty market across the street. We started with the crawfish rolls and wished we had ordered twice as much, but needed to save room for our delicious entrees. I ordered the gnocchi while my friends ordered the shrimp poboy, and we could not stop stealing bites of each other's food, it was just too good. Fresh and so flavorful, every plate was clean. I hope they get the business their food deserves!Ordered delicious fried chicken with mash potatoes and a roast beef poboy for delivery. Prompt delivery service. 
3 of fried chicken was cooked to perfection/ juicy and the breading was crunchy and tasty. Mash potatoes came with gravy. JUST THE RIGHT AMOUNT. So good.
Highly recommend!!!!
My girlfriend ordered the roast beef poboy. 
Beef was tender and tasty. Bread was soft and fresh.
All the other fixings made for a delicious meal.I have been to St. Lawrence, its sibling restaurant on N. Peters, and have been wanting to give this place a go. I"m so glad I did! I didn't have any of the main courses, but I did enjoy the Deviled Eggs app (SO good) and the mac & cheese app, which I coupled with the side of buttered cabbage and OMG...that was the move! Server was friendly and attentive but not smothering, food was delish and the happy hour Pinot Grigio was totally decent! This location is much closer to me than St. Lawrence, so I will definitely be coming back again. Highly recommend!I found St Cecelia on the Eater new and hot list.  After realizing the connection to a favorite watering hole in town, St Lawerence, we decided to have lunch here.  I was blown out of the water. The food was phenomenal.  Try the crawfish spring rolls.. to die for and the BBQ shrimp and grits rivals my favorite BBQ shrimp at Mr B's.  This was a great find, tucked away in the French quarter right next door to the best margaritas in town (el gato negro).  Eat local and definitely eat at St Cecelia's!!!I found this restaurant to be nice in decor, the general feel, the host/hostesses/staff, the food & the drinks. 
I found the base pricing to be fair on most items, but had the potential to get pricey. For instance pasta (alone) is one $18 for this one dish, then add in $8 more for shrimp; ehhhhhh, $26 for shrimp pasta, I'll pass. 
I did find the drink, Singapor Sling, to be tasty & I had a warm fuzzy feeling after just the one, WINNING!!!! A member of my dining party tried the Pimm's Cup & said it too was delightful. 
And the ambiance is great, lots of open space, which can get noisy, but makes for a more lively dining experience. 
Service with a smile is what we got. 
She separated the checks for us, although she was a little reluctant. 
Reservations can be made & I would guess during a holiday or something of that nature, that might be recommended; but we were able to walk in, be seated & get to eating!!!!  
Love that a portion of the proceeds go to the Roots Music Foundation; Saint Cecilia is the patron saint of music, makes sense.The food was absolutely delicious and fresh. The staff was very friendly and quick. It was the only place we could find near the French quarter that didn't have an insanely long wait. Will definitely eat there again and would completely recommend!My absolute favorite restaurant! Come for the $9/dozen raw Oyster happy hour, stay for the craft drinks and seasonal menu. Coffee and homemade sweet potato gnocchi pictured!This was a great brunch stop. We had no problem seating our party of 9 and received prompt service. I would recommend this restaurant. I got the roast beef debris, it was a lot of flavor but really good. The chicken and waffles also looked very good.I came here after the horrible Dooky Chase experience, so I walked in already aggravated because I received horrible service, but my frown was turned upside down. Our sever was very sweet and she kept my family and I smiling the entire experience. I got the stuffed French Toast with fruit and it was very tasty. I wish it was advertised that the cream inside the French toast had a flavor to it. The stuffed cream wasn't bad, I just wasn't too big of a fan. The service was quick and we had everything we needed during the entire experience.This is an interesting little spot in the lower Quarter with a lot of potential, but I think I'll wait a few months before coming back so they can tweak the experience that they offer just a bit. I work in the Quarter so I'm constantly in search of new places to send tourists in search of a great meal. 
Our server was great. She was attentive, kind, and quick to offer suggestions despite the restaurant being completely full during our stay. 
I couldn't tell if their A/C was non-existent or just barely on, but it was uncomfortably warm in the restaurant. Eek. 
We came in search of a light brunch/lunch on a hot day. Their menu is definitely disappointing for those in search of some lighter fare  - though if I really wanted to, I could've gone next door to Italian Barrel or across the street to Alberto's (both places I frequent) for that. We chose to stay and share the market salad, the oyster app, and a side of cucumber salad. 
-I was told the market salad changes often according to the fresh ingredients they've got in the kitchen, and today it was lovely: blackberries, blueberries, radishes, and goat cheese with a berry vinaigrette of some kind. I'd get this again because it's one of the only light options on their brunch menu, but it didn't "wow" me. 
-The oyster florentine app was pretty disappointing. Both the oysters and the sauce had virtually no flavor whatsoever. The star of the dish was the spinach, which was clearly fresh and not frozen (yay!). The oysters were fried and the edges were perfectly crisp, but the entire dish was very bland. Each dish should be able to stand on its own as a representative flavor of a place, right? Y'all don't want to highlight this one just yet. It needs some tweaks. I ate 3 dozen chargrilled at a cheap joint in metairie last week, and I couldn't finish 6 on an appetizer plate today (on an empty stomach) because it was so bland. I could skip a stone to a dozen restaurants within a 2-minute walk that have better oyster dishes. My neighbors weren't digging their charbroiled oysters either. Maybe it's just not their thang. 
-The cucumber salad would've gone from "good" to great if it had been served cold rather than at room temperature. My favorite bites were the two slices of tomato, though I really loved how thin-sliced the cucumbers were. 
I was so happy to see the frozen Pimm's on their menu because it's my favorite thing at their sister Bar, St. Lawrence (down the street). It's pricy for a premixed frozen daq ($9), but hey it's in tourist central and it's absolutely delicious - get one! 
I'd like to come back here for dinner, because their dinner menu looks great. I look forward to seeing what they do with this place in the coming months. It's surrounded by a block of restaurants known for their unique flavors - what's unique about St. Cecelia?  Why choose this particular place in a sea of great eating spots that offer distinct flavors for less $?  I don't have an answer to that yet, but I'll keep an ear out. 
P.S. -- Get someone to take menus around to walkable businesses in the area.
P.P.S. Love that photograph of the clementine hunter piece in your restroom!Very disappointed and really pissed tf off ! They forgot the one item that made me even order from them in the first place ! No taste or seasoning on ANY of my food everything was dry and they gave me a burnt tasting biscuit to top off the plate ! My husband was so mad he threw all the food in the trash because, it was just horrible ! Paid 31$ and driving through French quarter traffic for this horrific meal was irritating AF ! on my way to McDonald's ...Came here for dinner last night and got the shrimp pasta. It was good! Was hoping to find shrimp and grits somewhere but didn't have any luck - this was a good substitute though. Nice little interior dining area. Could have been a bit more lively with some music; felt a little sleepy for New Orleans.