I do not like to write bad reviews but this place was disappointing.  We celebrated a bachelorette party, they reported they could accommodate all of us but they were not very friendly with our party.  The food was mediocre.  Drinks were ok.  Staff unfriendly.This place was recommended to us by a local of all people, so we were surprised at what a bad experience it ended up being overall. Everything from the odd red lighting at dinner service to the loud hip hop music to the horrible wait staff just had us totally bummed out. We came in for dinner at around 630 at night and the place was close to empty, so we were shocked when it took over an hour for us to get our food. Then, the waiter forgot one of our meals. The food itself was just mediocre at best. We had the chargrilled oysters and the crawfish platter. There's nothing to rave about either. The crawfish were tiny and very bland. I guess we should have known better than to come to a bar owned but not visited by Channing Tatum in the busiest tourist trap of New Orleans.10/10 would recommend. I had the blackened fish and grits and crawfish platter and all was perfection. I have no idea how this place doesn't have better yelp reviews; there's a stripper pole here for God sakes. That should give them a 4/5 minimum, right off the bat.The bar is swanky unlike any other bar on the strip. When we came in there was a party of say five and no one else there until we walked in and then four more people walked in. Our bartender was so caught up taking shots with that party that she couldn't give anyone else her undivided attention. We tried getting her attention , she gave them free shots and still ten minutes later we were waiting for her attention - not only us but everyone else that walked in behind us. Finally we yelled out "excuse me, drink here please" .. She rolled her eyes / looked at the party of five like she was so bothered and appalled at the fact that she had to tend to other customers said "wooww" and then decided to come and say "what do you want?" .. Sorry but I can go to a bar next door and next door after that with 30 more customers than this establishment and get better service. Sorry we interrupted your party miss. Never coming backThis place was deelish. We had the chargrilled oysters and red beans and rice were out of this world. So far the best in NOLA. Kianna was our server and she was excellent. Our drinks were never empty and she was very friendly and knowledgeable...highly recommend!!The food was amazing! No complaints on any of the food, only praise. The service was not even close to great. Super slow and inattentive. The ladies bathrooms were disgusting and all clogged.So I was not impressed at all. I loved the decor of the bar but that's about it. I got 4 drinks for me and my friends..... It cost me $60. I watched her make the drinks... The liquor content was probably an eighth of the drink. I'm a bartender and I know how much liquor goes into an average drink... Especially when they're so expensive! The music was fun but extremely too loud! For a bar that has Channing Tatum's influence all over it, is obviously going to be busy. You would think they would have appropriate bathroom accommodations. There was one men's room and one women's room, both single stalls. I literally waited 20 minutes to use the restroom. My fiancé waited 45 minutes. Needless to say this bar is not going to be at the top of my list next time I go to bourbon stAwesome bar and restaurant on bourbon street. Great drinks. Awesome crawfish.
If you want the fun of bourbon street without the messiness this is your place. 
Crawfish were steamed to perfection. 
Bread pudding very good and huge serving 
Friendly professional staff.Solo trip to NOLA! Stop here my second night in town due to powerful lightening storm that drove us from dancing in the street to dancing in Saints & Sinners, the irony of the entire trip...a house turned club full of gyrating people soak and wet from the rain.
There is a wrap porch that has stair leading to the upstairs but we didn't venture due to rain. The DJ was great that night, I appreciate the video [or a visual] of the song playing - I don't watch videos often so this helped my swag a lot lol.
First place in NOLA that played decent music and didn't look like every other location along the French QuarterThe food and drinks were amazing. We had the crawfish boil and shrimp po boy. No complaints!!I've been here before and it was good; this time it was even better! Our server David was hilarious and gave us the five star treatment. He offered several options as well as recommendations which were devine! We left feeling satisfied, entertained, and like celebritiesMore for the fans than the food, husband said crawfish pie was great, my jambalaya was just ok.DAVID is amazing! He gives great advice in the menu and the area! Food was perfection! Loved atmsophere.My boyfriend and I were so happy to find this place because they seem to be the only place in New Orleans right now that has crawfish since it's out of season. My boyfriend ordered the crawfish boil and I ordered beef sliders and Mac n cheese appetizer. The crawfish came out within 10 minutes. I literally sat there waiting for my food for the next 31 minutes. My boyfriend had one piece of corn left by the time my food came out. I watched him eat and then he got to watch me eat. Crazy. The food was decent otherwise and the servers were friendly. It is actually a nice restaurant.  It feels classier than the regular spots on Bourbon street. When I asked about the delay, I was told there was only one cook doing the actual cooking.Not great.
Looks cheaply done.
The bathroom doors are falling off the rollers they are on. 
Just stopped for a beer.
Being that it's C Tatum's I expected a lot more. 
No good.Came here a couple days ago with my brother and the both of us had a wonderful experience. The crawfish pie is to die for -- make sure to order at least two! The staff were extremely accommodating and very nice. We were greeted at the door by a tall fellow, who I believe is one of the managers -- great guy! Look forward to coming back here.I booked the restaurant ahead of time because I am meeting up with my sister whom I have not seen for 8 years in NOLA. I thought this would be a special restaurant.  Traveling all the way from San francisco  was a long time and all you need is a  nice cold daiquiris and a fresh  local food which why I chosen Saints and Sinners and the fact that it is  partly owned by  Magic Mike himself Channing Tatum would be more special. We were a little disappointed actually about the food, it was a little too salty and cold.  It took  time for the waitress to get our orders and it wasn't  busy at all. I would rather go to OCEANA GRILL at  739 Conti St. French Quarter you would definitely enjoy the food and the service there. I love Magic Mike but not his food. Sorry!!!Good place for a team dinner.  Prices are reasonable and the food quality is great!  Try alligator for app - and it's made from gator loin meat - so is tender and delicious! Also good is the deconstructed crawfish pie. For entree, I suggest gumbo or the shrimp n grits.  And, if you can get a cup...you gotta try the shrimp & crawfish bisque (only limited availability).  Chef RJ and sous chef, Tori, are incredible.  The waitstaff, Jake especially, is fantastic.  And RJ and bartender, Josh, can concoct a specialty drink, Ahi Martini (yes, you heard me!).  Signature drinks include both Saint & Sinner (personally I am sinner fave).My girl kami is top notch waitress in Nola. Food was great and service is even better! If you ever find yourself on bourbon street make your way to saints and sinners for great oysters and crawfish!Great atmosphere and awesome food.  The crawfish pie is delicious!!!! Servers are very attentive. Loved the decor too. A must go to if you're exploring bourbon street.Terrence and David are what kept us here all afternoon. Seriously - the best entertainment on Bourbon!! The banter between these two kept me laughing all day. I'll come back to see these two for sure!Rating is based purely on customer service as we didn't get to experience anything else (see below).
My partner and I went to Saints and Sinners at about 6pm on a Wednesday. My partner was excited to go because it was 'Channing Tatums' bar and appeared nice on the outside. We walked in to the entrance and were advised by the person behind the bar 'someone will be with you shortly' note: (she wasn't doing anything except for wiping an empty table top). I would guess the place had about 20-30 people in it (10 tables) so not even half full. We stood at the entrance like idiots for a couple of minutes with 2-3 staff walking past us and literally appeared to ignore us as if it was someone else's problem. We were angry but decided to give them a minute (about 5 in total) and didn't even get a 'sorry for the wait, someone is coming'. Eventually we walked out disgusted at the horrendous service. If I could give 0/5 I would..... Sort your bar at Channing you ridiculously muscly human being!Came in for a nice bachelor party meal. It took 2 hours and 40 minutes for our last plate to arrive to the table and over half of the orders were incorrect. Literally THE WORST experience any of the people in our party have had at a restaurant.  Waste of time and money. Why would a well known celeb attach his name to an establishment that is in this much in disarray.This place was amazing!!! We sat at the bar, and the bartender was very helpful. We got the crawfish, mac and cheese balls, and cheese fries. Everything was flavorful and amazing. The staff was just the best, and he even gave more recommendations of must do's in the city. I will definitely return if I am ever back in the city, and it will be one of my top recommendations for my friends visiting bourbon street :)We enjoyed our night immensely!!!! We were treated to special treatment for our parade viewing enjoyment- they moved us a table right front and center and the manager even came out to be sure we enjoyed our location and food. She was lovely. The chargrilled oysters were the very best we had our entire trip and that cinnamon/ cherry drink is such a surprising treat. My only complaint is that Channing wasn't there for us to oogle... Oh well, maybe next time! (Throwing beads from the balcony was the highlight of our trip. I haven't laughed so much since I was a kid. So so so fun!)Garbage!!!!!
If you don't know the owners!!!
Don't come here!!! 
It's so rude it's crazy!!! Too busy having fun with here friends at the end of the bar. The service is non ex sites tent. 
They are too busy to serve here !!!3.5 stars for your place, Mr. Channing Tatum!
We came here for one thing: crawfish boil. They definitely know how to reel you in with their setup right in front of the restaurant/bar. We came in around 5:30, and there was no wait. The place was pretty empty, which was actually pretty pleasant because it was a nice break from the craziness of Bourbon St. We ordered the homemade crawfish pie and the crawfish platter, which consisted of one and a half pounds of crawfish at the market price, corn, potatoes, and andouille sausages. 
[Crawfish pie]
This was listed under appetizers and shared plates, but I ended up eating basically the entire thing by myself because it was sinfully delicious, and I ended up eating about 95% of the dish before my boyfriend got to have a bite. The creamy risotto rice with melted cheese and a generous amount of crawfish was rich and so flavorful. Topped with two flakey puff pastries, I honestly had no choice but to devour it all on my own without sharing. 
[Crawfish platter]
I was too busy eating the crawfish pie to eat much from the crawfish platter. My boyfriend basically ate the majority of the crawfish along with everything in the platter on his own haha and he very much enjoyed it. I did manage to eat a few crawfish, and I thought the seasoning was just okay. It was nothing that stood out. I personally thought they overdid it with the pepper because the pepper taste was a bit overwhelming; I would've liked a little more flavor of the other spices used to come through. 
Overall, a decent place on Bourbon St. to grab a bite or drink. It seems like it'd be a pretty fun time at night once it turns into more of a party zone!This place sits back slightly with the courtyard eating area in the front so unless you know it's there you just might miss it.  I'm sure I've passed it myself plenty of times but never knew about it.  Pretty cool place.  I had the Voodoo drink.  It was pretty good.  So was the crawfish pasta.  There was a baked crawfish mac and cheese but it was pretty dry.  Great balcony and ambiance.  I'll definitely be back!The service in the beginning wasn't that great, but they quickly made up for it. Food is amazing! We'd definitely come back!Thumbs up to my crew on Monday night,  the 16th. You all were working as a team, busting your humps, killing it! Service was fantastic because of you 3 guys. Food was excellent! Your personalities were friendly and patient despite the obstacles of call outs. Loved the atmosphere, but only because you all made it exceptional! Channing, pay attention. You have an excellent crew here. They were working their butts off, and never once did service suffer. I'll only come back or recommend this place because of my visit on this night. I was here 2 years ago, and it didn't seem so stressed. Food was good then, but I  don't remember shit about service.We came here after I observed the boiled crawfish sign on the street. I split this dish with friends and also had some gumbo. The gumbo was spicy and very good. The crawfish was decent but average. The thing I didn't like was that they started clearing out our floor for when it becomes a bar. Definitely made us feel like we needed to wrap up soon. I don't know that I would return over other places in NO.Very poor service. We were there 40 minutes. We got a menu and beer. Ready to order and get more beer. Never came back around. 2 girls came in after us and got food and 2 beers each. Just horrible and pathetic as lady walked by us at least 5 times and never bothered to ask us if we were ready. Would never recommend this dump. I'd rather give it 0 stars. Worst experience of my life.Channing Tatum was not there lol.
We stopped in for dinner with no reservations and they were happy to serve us, even with the kitchen closing in 30 minutes.  The food came out quickly and the music was turned up so loud.  The oysters were huge and fresh.  Service was good and the prices are great. 
We returned the next night as we were walking Bourbon St.  The bouncer got my group of 8 girls a free round of shots.  Otherwise, drinks are strong and reasonably priced but again the music was SO loud, it sounded bad and I couldn't think.  They are gonna blow a speaker and ear drum any day now. 
Overall, a great place on Bourbon.I came out here for my friend's bachelorette weekend and we invested in bottle service. THE WORST IDEA EVER. I should have gotten the hint when it took them ONE MONTH to reply back to me via email. I had to reach out to them multiple times before I got any responses. When we got there, the workers we encountered were nice but the set up for bottle service is ridiculous. You get stuck in the back of the place cut off from everyone else. Someone had called me earlier and asked us what juices we wanted with our vodka and when we get there, they provided nothing we mentioned. Why even give me a call if you're going to get it wrong?! We were in our area and we were told that people with wristbands were allowed to come in our area which I particularly didn't care for. Of course, it happen to be the weirdos that came in the area so I was very put off by that. I just did not appreciate the set up of the bottle service. If I am going to pay a high amount for a 30.00 bottle of alcohol, at least make it worth while. Terrible.In town for work and got some crawfish, good bang for your buck!! Great atmosphere good food! David took care of us from start to finish and gave us some pointers for around town. Thanks David!Soooo good! Try the crawfish pie! Amazing!!! Our servers were awesome! Manny and Lindsey were so attentive and helpful. I am coming back here everytime I come to New Orleans!My friends and I discovered this great find yesterday while in New Orleans for the OU game. Great food and drinks - mimosas were on point. Was a tad busy with only a few servers but worth the wait.This place is very nice . Alligator tail was absolutely tasteful. Dave the waiter was very helpful and nice and made me laugh quite some times Food didn't take forever and staff was very nice and courteous. Trust me when I say you need to dine  hereThis was ok - it was pretty low key for a Friday night on bourbon street so I should've known better. The food was ok. The servers were very friendly and cool though and for the most part were really on it so I didn't have the experience at all that others have complained about here. We got the crawfish (good) and fried gator (not good).The cheese kurds pulled us in but this place was such an awesome find on Bourbon St! We added the grown-up Mac and cheese and catfish po'boy and were not disappointed! The music, relaxed atmosphere and head waiter David were absolutely fantastic and made our stop at Saints and Sinners one of our favorite stops in New Orleans!First time in Nola and went to this bar solely because Channing Tatum owns it. 
Dear Channing,
The people who manage and/or work in your bar suck! We were super stoked to go there and it was such a disappointment. We were literally the ONLY ones in your bar Thursday night and it was like we were bothering the staff for being there. We had one drink and left. I wouldn't recommend your bar to anyone.We sat on the sidewalk terrace and watched the flotsam and jetsam of bourbon street roll past.  It was an entertaining way to spend a couple of hours in the early evening.  The drinks were pretty good, the apps (oysters and wings) we had were surprisingly tasty and the service was attentive.  Would recommend for a spot of "people" watching.  .We got seated and menus quickly. Hardly anyone in the place . Waited 15 minutes and never got a drink order taken. There were staff all over the place, but they were not all that interested in waiting on us.... Took out $ elsewhere.I absolutely love the place. I've been a regular for several months. I saw the place before the remodel and name change. The staff is always wonderful as well as the food. I've tried several menu items including the cheese curds, alligator bites. The salads are very customizable. Entree items I've had we're grilled shrimp , ribeye steaks, jambalaya and étouffée. The dessert red velvet cake is to die for. There are two full bars, one upstairs and one downstairs with very drink educated bartenders On weekends they host a burlesque show that goes with the Storyville theme of the place. Speaking to the staff there are plenty more things to come in the future. I personally cannot wait to see them flourish. It's only been opened for a month now but it is great.My husband and I are 20-something foodies from California, and we just got back from an incredible weekend in our favorite vacation spot, NOLA. Saints & Sinners was definitely a highlight of our trip. We went back three times in for days (which is something I rarely ever do)! This place was a classed-up haven on Bourbon Street, with live crawfish boiling street-side and the irresistible aroma of smoked meat wafting from the front porch. 
The ambiance was upscale, the decor was super sexy, the bartenders and servers (Cheyenne, Steve, and Joe) were personable and great to talk to, the food was tasty, and the service was timely. We got the pleasure of meeting and talking with one of the owners, Kurtz, who clearly took a lot of pride in this place and seemed to run a very tight ship. 
We had the crawfish, which were super flavorful--best I've had; the crawfish pie (OMG SOOOO good!); and the chargrilled oysters, which were worlds better than those at the famous Acme Oyster House (where you'll stand in line forever to get a seat).
I understand this place turns into a club after the dinner crowd. We didn't get to experience the club, sadly, but we checked out the club space earlier in the day and it all looked damn sexy to me! Especially for a spot on Bourbon.  We'll definitely be back to enjoy a club night there (and try more of their fabulous menu).
If you're looking for a really good Louisianan meal on Bourbon St., or a more sophisticated bar (or club) atmosphere--or both--this is your place.We could not resist the lure of boiled crawfish, especially as they are out of season. We were very excited as we watched the trays of nice sized mudbugs go by.
However, just a few tails in and we were thoroughly disappointed. They were awful to peel. They fell into little pieces, were super dry and over salted.
In addition to the food, the service was awful. Our waitress only came by to take our order and drop off our food. The restaurant wasn't even very busy. We ended up having to ask other employees to find our waitress for more napkins, drink refills and eventually the bill. 
In contrast to its poor function as a restaurant, it is an AMAZING club at night. The DJs are always playing great music, the crowd and bouncers are beautiful, and they do a great job keeping overly drunk people out of the club.
I would never eat there food again, but I intend to party there as often as possible!This place is an absolute mess. Service was disorganized and terrible. The menu is small and very meat heavy and unfortunately one of the dishes I actually wanted was not available. We had the fried shrimp which was one of most poorly executed dishes I have seen in a while. It tasted okay but it looked like fried shrimp from the freezer. Beautiful space and I thought it had potential but my recommendation is absolutely no to this place.Welp I do not even write reviews, but I felt like I had to for this one, I love Channing and I am a big movie person, have gone to other celebrity owned restaurants and I have to say I was expecting more. STAY AWAY, unless you are shit faced and want more booze or don't care for the food. 
We sat down on a Friday night, I have to say 5-6pm before our ghost tour. We sat at the bar and what caught my eye was the decor, it was pretty empty I must say. The bartender recommended one of the top speciality cocktails, which was delicious, then we decided in the cheese Kurtz and the red velvet cake, while doing so A COCKROACH climbed around my arm and around my drink on the bar counter, I instantly got freaked and bugged out. The bartenders were right in front of me and I'm not sure how they didn't see it or maybe chose to ignore it. The service was horrible we sat pretty much quiet, bartenders didn't talk or were social. When the food came out we gave it another try. Then I'm not sure if it was the same COCKROACH but it came around our plate again, and I was instantly disgusted. BAD SERVICE AND COCKROACHES!! not to mention the red velvet cake was frozen and pure sugar. I wish I could say anything else bc I hate the fact that this happened. So disappointed ! Never again.Excuse me, flew all the way here to see Channing but where was he?? Least I can say I've been to his bar! Very friendly staff and awesome customer service. Stopped by mid-day for a drink and some appetizers. Got the Sinner and it was good. Great bar, and plenty of TVs. Prob great place to watch a Saints game! Interesting pole room; didn't get a chance to stop by here at night. I don't mind coming back here.We are only in town a few days and have a busy schedule so we stopped by on a Wednesday night and it was dead, dead, dead even though it was after 11pm so not sure what it would be like on a busy night.
I was super underwhelmed but excited to just be in the presence of Channing's essence! The one super redeeming quality was Lindsay, she was a
Great bartender and gave us tips to the city!Was tasked with coordinating a bachelor party for nearly 20 people in New Orleans and during the evenings, a private venue was the most logical option... From start to finish, Saints & Sinners made the process as easy as possible and in the end made me look like a hero to the entire group. 
The location couldn't be beat and the staff was excellent - both professional and fun! Despite being buffet style (which we elected to do), the food was also fantastic. In short, our groups experience could not have gone better and I am grateful for their service. I would absolutely recommend to anyone organizing a private event to do so here!This place had promise from the street,  good spot for people watching.  We were seated promptly and waited on attentively.  Unfortunately, when our food came, our burgers had cheddar rather than the Swiss cheese we ordered.  Since we had to be somewhere,  we did not send it back.  Overall the food was decent.  When the bill came I realized they charged us a dollar each for the wrong cheese on top of the $10 for the burger. (I realize it's on Bourbon street and you are paying for atmosphere.)  All we got was a "my bad".  Any good service professional would have comped us the cost of the cheese.  I don't know if this was a wait staff or management issue, but either way is poor service.  Finally, when the bill came, the total was $30 with a $1.98 tax giving a total as written on the bill of $32.  This is a computer generated receipt folks,  I know 3 year olds that add better.  I only wonder how much money this business brings in by rounding bills up to the nearest dollar.  I got lucky, and they only tried to rip me off for two cents and two pieces of Swiss cheese.  Beware, or you may not be so lucky, or they may come up with a new scheme.3. Oh you want to know why? The DJ Axe is no compliment to clients. All I wanted was pony and I recognized that others would enjoy it too. Too bad though. It could have been cool if people would have cooperated. Axe- go somewhere else if you want to be a DJ, seriously. That part of the job. - involving the client. Bye.Utterly disappointing!  If you're coming to New Orleans, don't bother coming here. Channing, you need to do a quality control check because this place was not good. I ordered the BBQ shrimp and grits - what a bland dish. My friend ordered the crawfish etouffee and she didn't really care for it either. The gumbo looked like beef stew over rice. What a shame because the menu actually looked good.  Oh yeah, and the service... if mediocre is your standard, that's what you'll get.Crawfish we're over cooked small... could barely get any meat out without falling apart. Manager agreed to 50% off but made  me feel bad. I've had better at a Chinese buffet. Super disappointedScott took the time to explain west coasters how to eat crawfish, without judgement.  Overall good prices for a good experienceHonestly, this place wasn't what I expected it to be. It's very small inside. Although the food was good, the place was really small and something was dripping on me from the ceiling in the back. I asked the waitress to move, but unfortunately all spots were reserved, or the parties were already seated. My party and I decided to move the table up, but I couldn't escape the drip . Thank god nothing got into my food.Great service, Eryionne was a sweetheart. Clean. My caesar salad was delicious- dressing wasn't too runny. My friend had a side salad with shrimp- she loved it. Another friend had a burger- the bread was really thick but she said the burger was good. Mozzarella Sticks are huge!The food is excellent. The ambience is great. I will definitely return and will recommend to everyone.These guys are amazing!!!! 
We showed up for a round of free shots 
They said " we will do you one better" and gave us FREE BOTTLE service. Legit no strings attached. The bouncer (Jamon) proceeded to protect us all night for no charge!!! Eventually we bought some extra shots out of respect and they were so great and prompt! A whole party night for $20 bucks!!!The crawfish and Mac and cheese here is on point! Staff is extremely friendly and the atmosphere is awesome! And Peter, the manager, is the icing on the cake! Amazing!!Ordered shrimp tacos, tortillas were cold and overall the flavor was not so great...   the gumbo was very flavorful.... too flavorful; the people who ordered it didn't like it.  The crawfish was good at best. The corn and sausage not so much - too dry.  Shrimp poboy was not great - the shrimp were tiny popcorn shrimp and not devained. Wouldn't return.I had never been to S&S before the Yelp event last week, mostly because I don't spend a whole lot of time on Bourbon, but it was nice.
The drink special they had was delicious, and the food they served was actually really good as well. I loved the shrimp and tasso pasta. Now that I look at the menu, I see that the dish costs $18. Maybe I should have taken the manager up on the offer when she said I should take some home. ;)
Speaking of the manager, she came around and introduced herself to everyone and she seemed really cool.
I may stop in here if I ever have to be on Bourbon St for whatever reason. The cocktails on the menu sound pretty good.Wow is all I have to say! I had the crawfish platter, it was amazing it was pretty spicy but if you like spicy food it will be perfect. I went with a group of about  11 ppl. Everyone enjoyed their dishes. The service was good, the only problem was that we could not do 11 transactions to pay we could only split the bill 5 ways which was not a problem but we would have liked a heads up so that everyone could prepare. So you just may want to keep that in mind if you are going with a large group. We went at about 8pm and around 9:30/10 the restaurant turned into a club. We stayed for the club and had a great time. I would highly recommend this restaurant!The ambiance is very interesting and different, which i think makes it fun! This alone sets it apart & makes it feel like not just a normal restaurant. 
Our service wasn't the best. The waitress was nice & everything, i think she just got busy. It was just her & a bartender at like 3 on a Thursday so she had about 5 tables at once. So i don't blame her! Our food took a long time to arrive and it seemed strange because my stepdad ordered Crawfish and 3 other tables who got there after us received their crawfish first. Weird. 
About the food: my mom & i ordered the S & S Combo which is a soup & sandwich. We both got the gumbo & the puff pastry sandwich, which were delicious, but the puff pastry fell apart a LOT, like near the end of my sandwich i basically had no bread left to hold it with lol! But it was very good & the gumbo was nice & spicy. The crawfish were small (since they were not in season yet) but suuuuper spicy, including the corn & potatoes in the platter. The sausage with the platter was not that good, nobody at my table liked it much. If you like spicy food & crawfish then you'd love the crawfish here!! 
Our waitress told us that at night they turn the upstairs into a club like thing & i think that would be so fun here!! I would return again not only to eat, but to dance & party as well.Took a couple days off and went to play in New Orleans.  
Came across Saints and Sinners.  You could walk right by it if you didn't know it was there.  Cute little 2 story house.  But, this day they were doing a Crawfish Boil outside.
I had to go in.
It was a Monday so the place was kind of dead but I sat on the patio and ordered a drink and Crawfish boil.  So much food - I began sharing with people walking by.
Friendly people - all having fun.
I am not sure how the service is when the place is busy but I had a wonderful waiter and the bartender even came outside to say hello.
If around Bourbon Street on a Monday you should stop by and check it out.I came to this bar on a Saturday night and it was busy but not too crazy Had a great time. My group even got a free bottle. Only in town for a few days and wanted to try a crawfish bake was the only place around that had one going. It was great and decently priced I would recommend the gator bites. So good. The waitstaff was also super friendly Didn't realize it was the Channing Tatum bar until I read the review on here tonight. Saints and Sinners makes me want to daance https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbnoG2dsUk0We went to this place only because Channing Tatum owns it. We had horrible service. I've never been to a restaurant where our waitress asks if we want the check before we even finished our meal. Not only that she asked us to sign the bill with tip with her standing there because she wanted to go home. It was 7pm! Channing should either sell this place or hire new staff. It was horrible. If I could give 0 stars I would.Five Stars for this one very important fact:
When crawfish were out of season they had them !
FIVE HUGE STARS !
I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw that SOMEONE was selling crawfish in the Quarter. Right in front of the place, right on Bourbon Street. They said they keep them saved for such a time. Love that !!! I ended up getting three pounds from two different stops here. It's part of what made my trip to NOLA so grand.
Yeah, you rite !While it was hotter than Hades armpit in here... The staff was top notch. We came with a bachelorette party and they were super accommodating. Manny was amazing and hooked us up with VIP bracelets!!! We will definitely be back.Drinks were subpar and the staff was too busy with their friends at the end of the bar plus the place was dead...definitely WOULD NOT recommend!Beautiful restaurant, great food and affordable prices!  The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was pleasant.  Would definitely recommend!Mediocre food and the service was trash. 
If I could give this restaurant zero stars I would. I'm willing to accept that mix ups happen. I'm even willing to accept mediocre lukewarm food if it's what I ordered. But what I can't accept is management that expects the customer to swallow the cost of their mistakes (no pun intended). I placed a fairly large order through UberEATS. One of the bags was mistakenly left behind. When we called the restaurant to find out what happened the initial manager was very kind and offered to remake the food. However, when the general manager got on the phone, he said that he would have the food remade but that we would have to figure out how to get it. He then gave a different account of how the bag was left behind and every time we asked he gave conflicting additional details. Then he said they had the pick up on video if we didn't believe him. 
The moral of this story: the food is mediocre and the service is gutter trash. There are other MUCH better places to eat in New Orleans.I can certainly see the marketing appeal for this place. I mean it's basically beaconing all women in the surrounding Nola radius to try out the Channing Tatum bar and restaurant playground where red velvet walls, playful Victorian scenery, and a dark crimson allure tempt bachelorette party bookings everywhere. The place seemed nice enough, so I could see why this venue sparked a lot of word of mouth around the city. 
The drinks were strong. I got a French 75 that was almost entirely made of gin and not much else. I can't say that it was the best tasting or most authentic French 75 I've ever had, but it sure could get the job done. This place offers some pretty top dollar cocktails mind you. It's certainly no cheap escapade to liquor up at this place.
Since we only came by for a quick check-out and a nibble, we just got the Crawfish Mac 'n Cheese and a cup of gumbo.  For only ordering those two things, I have to say the wait for the food was VERY long. I was trying to pace my drinking for the food to come out and probably waited a good solid 35 minutes. I have to say that their prices aren't cheap. For a $12-14 appetizer, the portion for the Crawfish Mac 'n Cheese was pretty small, about the size of your palm. It didn't have all that much flavor to it either but I won't say it was bad, it just wasn't anything to write home about. Now, their gumbo I thought was way above what I had expected! I always judge a Nola themed menu based on their staple gumbo item. The roux was super dark and flavorful and didn't need any additional spices (and I literally spice everything I eat). So they did that right by me at least. 
I noticed that the back room had velvet curtains with a stripper pole in the middle, no doubt for the notorious Channing Tatum themed bachelorette parties I hear so much about here. Although, unless Channing plans on coming by and serving me himself, I'll probably pass on another dining adventure here unless it's just for a pop in for another loaded cocktail on the way to something else.To begin with, I booked a reservation for dinner and bottle service for a bachelorette months in advance.  About a month out, i received a call from the manager stating that a company bought out the restaurant the same night and they were cancelling our reservation so YES you have to give them a credit card but they are not responsible for keeping your reservation.  He did offer to comp one of our bottles for moving to Friday night so we decided to move as well as take off 10% for dinner.
Beware that their website makes the place look nice and it is anything but nice.  The women's bathroom downstairs is disgusting and they have to pour water in the toilets frequently to get them to flush right...gross (and it is right next to the kitchen).  The food was average...mostly fried.  Our waiter was super nice and helpful but they did not take off the 10% so had to ask about that.  They make you pay bottle service before you receive it.  If you've done bottle service where you have an actual server making your drinks, you will be very disappointed.  In this place they give you a bucket of ice and all your mixers...you don't even get clean ice for your drinks!  The manager was very nice setting up the bottle service and also gave the bride a bachelorette bag (which i can't believe they sell for $25).  
The music is crazy...it is rap where you hear the "N" frequently which is not what you want to hear at a bachelorette...there is no top 40.  We spent most of the night throwing beads off the balcony.  It was an ok experience but not worth the price...i expected a lot more with a place using Channing Tatum's name so lesson learned that he doesn't equate to high quality.First time in New Orleans with the family. We were steered towards Saints and Sinners after asking our hotel where to go for a good family friendly  local meal. The service was great. The food was fantastic. Very filling and flavorful. One of the owners, Charlie, came out and spent some time talking with us and even took the time to write down one of their best recipes down for us. The decor is beautiful. We would love to have a Saint and Sinner in Los Angeles or Pasadena California.  If you get a map from your hotel there is a coupon for a specialty cocktail or martini.Was the first restaurant we went to during our visit to New Orleans. Definitely gives you a good vibe of the city but was, in my opinion, wayyyyy too steep in prices once we realized we could have gotten the same meal somewhere else for a lot less. The crawfish and service was great though. At night it turned into a nightclub which was interesting and a lot of fun.I stumbled upon this place during my bar hopping adventure in the French Quarter.  Reminds me of a ghost house playing Top 40 music and a good crowd.  Very diverse mix of people and plenty of dancing room.  There is also a ladie's only section in front of the bar and an outdoor patio.  S&S also serves up some good food and drinks but I will try that later on another visit.  FYI this place is owned by Channing Tatum.The music here was what we needed...they played hip hop/rap and we were milly rocking, nola clapping and stanking legging to every beat, hitting all the 1's and 2's. Mixed crowd just like the NOLA and the drinks were strong.The name and decor is the best part of this restaurant. The food was mediocre at best and the service was nothing to brag about either. 
The gumbo was dark and tasted like beef stew, the salad was limp and the crawfish ettouffee tasted ok but was way too salty. One friend had wings which were dry and other friend had grits which were quite bland. 
Would not recommend or go back.