Midday and midweek, they're all out of falafel? I was sad, but now I just have a good excuse to go again real soon. 
We ordered chicken shawarma and the beetroot tahini. Both were incredible. The two were more than enough for two people to split. We even had leftovers for later. 
The ordering and pickup process was efficient. The place was clean and the staff were polite. People donned masks as well. 
I'd give them 5 stars but I'm holding out until I try the falafel.Food was absolutely delicious! Portions were generous, and prices were reasonable. They even provided an ice bucket for our BYOB! Would absolutely recommend to anyone looking for great food, atmosphere, and service.Went late last night to Saj and was very pleased with the atmosphere, service, and especially the food. We were even served by the owner which I think even made us be even more critical of the food. Everything was delicious. We ordered the mezze (pick 4) and had the hummus, beet root something, Baba ghanouj, Mahama?. ALL of these were amazing. The beet root was excellent. We were fighting to lick the plate. The chicken shawarma was good, the gyro was better. The bread to dip everything was light and crispy. The watermelon sparkle drink so fresh and good! 
This place is BYOB!! 
Everything was amazing. Already planning to go back. I had no pictures because we ate it all so fastThink of this place more like Mediterranean tapas and not like Lebanon's/Mona's/Shawarma on the Go. Most of the menu is appetizers/dips for sharing. Their grill plates don't come with all the typical sides and instead come with only the meat. Food was good - didn't blow us away - but we loved the the unique experience of "Mediterranean tapas" and everything was beautifully presented! A good place to share food with friends. BYOB too and they'll ice your wine down for you!LOVE LOVE! The food is amazing and it's BYOB! It's one of my favorite restaurants in the city. All of the mezze dishes are incredible. Do yourself a favor and get the Muhamara dip. It's one of the best things I've ever eaten! The free bread is so light and crispy. The portions are all family size so it's a great place to go with friends.I was very surprised with the food and prices in this place. We ordered their appetizer combo (Mezze) that its 3 apps (cold or hot) for $25.00 and extra app of fried Halloumi cheese.  All 4 apps of, fried cheese, hummus, meat balls and Labna were fantastic, but even better was their roti. Thin, crispy with delicious spices.
For entrees we decided to order the lamb chops, chicken shawarma and the saffron rice. I cant explain how good those lamb chops were. Definitely a must if you go. Rice and chicken were also good and above average compared to other places. 
Looking forward to my next visit . Ah and did I mentioned that its BYOB?Authentic Mediterranean Cuisine and the cultural  way of ordering Mezze style.. The bread is made on a Saj! Please don't confuse this bread to pita bread . I highly recommend this restaurant.They had me at fries inside the wrap.
I've been watching the construction of this place for a while. I'm glad to see they were able to open despite Covid.  
The gyro wrap was pricey at $14 without a side, but it was large.   The fries inside were a unique touch.  I liked the grilled tortilla wrap instead of a traditional flatbread.  Overall the quality of ingredients were lacking. The meat and fries both dry. Tasting a fry alone tasted like day old French fries. There seemed to be hints of a sauce but with the overall dryness, I wish there were more sauce. 
I'll definitely be back to try more!Our first experience here was dine-in service and everything was great!  We got the Mezze with choice of 4 dips, Falafel, and the Lamb Kabab.  The mezze was outstanding, all the dips were good size and delicious, and the saj was huge and tasty.  It was impressive.  The falafel was good, and the lamb was very tender and tasty, though a bit pricey at $18 for just 5 pieces of meat.  Service was very good and friendly.
Having been so impressed, we ordered takeout and it was not a good experience.  We got Gyro Wraps which were huge, but sadly bland and tasteless.  The meat is not tasty and 3/4 of the wrap is unseasoned fries.  I personally hate fries on a sandwich or in a wrap so I wish I knew ahead of time that it was inside and not on the side.  We also ordered a Green Tahini Salad which had a list of ingredients on the menu, but what we got was missing half the ingredients (no cucumber, radish, mint, or dill), and only 3 half slivers of tomato - barely anything.  As we basically just got leaves and dressing, we called to report it, it was handled well, and we were offered another salad.  We opted for the Mediterranean Salad which was tasty but still missing ingredients!  Also, both salads were mainly bitter greens and not Romaine lettuce so that should have been listed.  So, I'm not sure what's going on - whether it's the takeout process, poor expediting, improper mise en place, or untrained line cooks, but you can't lead people to believe they're going to get the things listed on the menu, charge them for it, and it's just not there.  
I would definitely go back for the Mezze, Falafel, and try some new things.  I hope the takeout service improves.Great new Mediterranean restaurant on Magazine Street. Good prices and menu is great for sharing. BYOB policy is a plus.Had seen their ads on Instagram and so glad the algorithm knows best! Got the hummus, dolmas, and stewed tomatoes for two people and it was honestly enough food for us at under 25 dollars! Hummus very on par with shaya/Saba quality, possibly better. Would probably skip the dolmas next time and get the beet root hummus as well. The BYOB is awesome and the saj bread is to die for. If you're looking for a delicious affordable night out this is the place! Want to go back and try more. Also I am vegan and a lot of the menu options are very vegan friendly.Probably the best Mediterranean food I've ever had. The chicken Gyro had a very unique smoky flavor and was extremely tender, the sauce they put in the pita itself was extremely flavorful and offset the smokiness of the chicken. The hummus was as yummy and authentic as you can get to hummus eaten in Jerusalem, served with an extra Virgin olive oil, & accompanied by a delicious generously spiced  flat pita bread! Yum!! 
If you like Mediterranean food this is a must, we sat outside due to Covid and the waitress was courteous and wore her mask the entire time which we appreciated!The food was out of this world!!! I ordered delivery, and was worried that I might have not ordered enough food, but the portions were so generous that we didn't even make it through the things we ordered before having to say we were full!! The French fries in the wrap is what set it in a class of its own. If you are looking for your new favorite spot of shawarma, gyros, falafel, and humus, then you should hands down give this place a try!! I will 100% be back with my family!!We've eaten at Saj once, and gotten take out two additional times, since the first review. I will say that when the bread is fresh, for example when you eat there, it's quite delicious. And I discovered that if you briefly microwave it at home, it freshens it up. So I retract my disappointment with their bread now that I've experienced it a couple more times. And everything else on the menu continues to be absolutely delicious.This place is amazing! We loved everything!! We ordered takeout with Uber Eats & everything came fresh & hot. The portions were huge & all the sauces were incredible. We got the grilled shrimp, chicken shawarma & the Mediterranean salad. All exceptional. And omg the bread(saj) is sooooo good! Can't wait to go again & try other dishes!Really good Mediterranean flavors. Tried the Mezze (a selection of three small plates with fresh flatbread). The beet hummus it's really yummy!Authentic flavors delicious meals. Saj is one of my favorite Mediterranean restaurants in the city.The waiters are the best in town - A1 service from A1 people, will go again, best in townNot your run of the mill middle eastern restaurant. Menu items are inspired. The small plates are not small, portions are generous. The saj flat bread is a welcome change from the standard pita bread at most middle eastern restaurants. We had the chicken shawarma wrap, which included delicious fries in the wrap. Also had the lamb kebab. All meats were juicy and cooked to order. Of the small plates, we had the mujamarra and the beet tahini. Also great, and there are many other dishes available. Small plates come with saj. Everything we ordered was a keeper. 
Plan on a go box, as portions are generous.I feel bad because is a nice place and the presentation of the plates are nice unfortunately the  food is mediocre, the only thing was decent was the riceThe prices are slightly higher than you might expect, but the portions are extremely large.  For me personally, I prefer quality over quantity which means I likely won't be ordering from Saj again.  And let's be honest, for anyone who says this place is better than Shaya or Saba I need to question both their intentions and their taste buds.
I hope Saj makes it, any restaurant in today's world needs a break - especially a new one - but somebody needs to be honest about this place.  Baba ganouj is chunky and decent but for my palate doesn't match up to other places in town while Muhamara is quite good on its own.  Unfortunately, there are no pitas and the dips are served with Saj Bread which is an oily, thin "bread" more closely related to a thick flour tortilla that has been cooked on a grill and tastes of acrid meat and smoke.  Totally overpowers and pretty much ruins any subtlety or freshness in the the dips.
Wraps were of course disappointing in the same overpoweringly meaty/smoky Saj Bread and with soggy fairly tasteless fries interspersed throughout the wrap - that's about all I got in quite a few bites along with a bit of lettuce and occasional tomato.  Gyro meat was fine, and Kufta would have presumably been better if not within a wrap but also seemed a bit dry and uninspired on their own.  Overall an initial effort at supporting a new restaurant definitely didn't go well.  Make sure you get the Lebanon Nights dessert to end your meal, it's decent but will most importantly get the sour grease smoke taste out of your mouth.
Saj doesn't appear to be for me, and heaven help any vegetarians who dine here but I'm hoping things will get better.If you're going for traditional middle eastern cuisine, you'll be greatly disappointed. Saj serves middle eastern food with a modern twist. The muhamara is just difficult to explain. It's just simply delicious. It's served with saj bread, which was crisp and flaky topped with olive oil and herbs.This place is incredible! The best falafel we have ever had. The baked cheeses were also incredible. The mint tea took me back to childhood, just like the tea I had from my grandmother's garden. The best part was the service. They were very attentive and knowledgeable about my allergies. Just about everything was GF. We are from out of town but I may just drive back soon to eat here again!The food is good and fulfilling. The place is nice and clean. I just wish they have pita bread besides the Saj bread. Also, I noticed the mint tea wasn't fresh as it said in the menu. I saw the guy putting dry Mint inside the pot instead of a fresh one. The plates were served separately instead of having everything we ordered at once.  The goat cheese was supposed to be served with pistachio but it wasn't. Overall, the place is nice and the food is tasteful.This is my first time trying Saj and I absolutely loved everything I ordered! Fried Halloumi cheese which is infused with olive oil, thyme and oregano, it was so good! I recommend it  the falafel is perfect and moist. Muhamara is beyond my expectation and I just loved the walnuts with it. The dolma was really good and seems like it's made fresh, not like other places that uses canned grape leaves. The bread is yummy and definitely not tortillas! If you know arabs food, you know the difference. And the Lebanon Nights was exceptional as it took me back to my sisters homemade recipe  (so good). The interior design is  beautiful. Thank  you Saj for such a beautiful place and I wish you all the best and success.Oh my WORD, the food was phenomenal! We ordered stuffed grape leaves (dolmas), the grilled vegetable main, and baba ganoush, and we were blown away.
Stuffed grape leaves were warm, flavorful, tomatoey goodness (so much sauce to mop up with the saj - absolutely delightful)
Baba ganoush was delicious as well - creamy and flavorful.
Grilled vegetables were BOMB - they have eggplant, zucchini, onions, and other goodies in there with zatar seasoning, and it all goes so well alongside the saj flatbread.
The interior was large (very conducive to social distancing), well-decorated, and they were stocked with hand sanitizer upon entrance.
As another addition to the middle eastern restaurant scene here in nola, they manage to pack in food quality as high as somewhere like shaya at a more accessible price (not "cheap" but really good quality for your money and cheaper than shaya). Their saj flatbread is fresh, hot, and delicious, and I'm already dying to go back for another meal. Would HIGHLY recommend for lunch or dinner.Once I heard that a new Mediterranean spot was opening on Magazine, I definitely wanted to give it a try. 
We started with the falafel and hummus. The best part of our entire meal was the hummus, which was very creamy and delicious. It also came with saj, which was a very thin flatbread drizzled in tasty oil mixed with herbs. The falafel was tasty when dipped in the sauce, but a little dry. We also ordered the lamb kabab, which tasted good, but it was overwhelmed but the excessive charring. However, I did like that our server brought us more saj to eat with the lamb. Saj does not serve alcoholic beverages, but it is BYOB!
Overall, I had a nice time at Saj and the interior is decorated very well, but unsure if I would return for the food at its current price point.I've tried a couple of things from Saj. I genuinely think the food is amazing. It's a step up from your average Mediterranean, yet a step below saba and shaya. I actually prefer this over both saba and shaya. Gyro is amazing. The reason I give it 4 stars is because one time staff was rude, but they're generally pretty great.This was our first time eating here, and it was excellent. Atmosphere, food, and service were all great! Will be coming again.Saj is a great addition to the numerous restaurants we have in the city. My friend and I stumbled inside when our first choice for lunch was not open. I had recently read about Saj in an article and I was so excited when I spotted it! The decor was beautiful and modern, I knew we were in for a treat! We ordered Peach Watermelon Iced Teas, Falafel, Hummus, Chicken Shawarma Baked Wrap, and a Gyro Baked Wrap. 
We were a bit hesitant when choosing items because it seemed a bit pricey for lunch, but we did not know that the portions were going to be HUGE! The falafel, hummus, and flatbread came out first and I was quite amazed at the presentation and portion sizes. The hummus was delicious, but the flatbread was the best I ever had! It was so fresh, hot, and absolutely flavorful! My friend and I were already getting full a few minutes before our entrees came. My eyes almost popped out of my head, when I saw how many fries that came with our baked wraps! This was definitely going to be lunch and dinner for us. We traded our baked wrap halves so we can both have a taste. They were both very flavorful and filling!
Overall, I will definitely recommend Saj to anyone looking for a great lunch or dinner spot who can EAT! It is a nice casual restaurant to bring friends, family, or even a date to enjoy time with. Check it out!We came in on NYE and was pleasantly surprised. The menu is fairly simple with the classics you would expect and some nice surprises. The 3 small/share plates for $25 is a good deal as most of the item run $9-$12. We also splurged and got the lamb chop $25 because they weren't doing wraps for dine in. The lamb was delicious and came with 3 sauces but it really didn't need any! They only offer BYOB, but they do have a nice selection of specialty soda flavors like peach mango and watermelon strawberry. The only drawback was that they were understaffed for NYE and we waited a long while after we got our food to be checked on and for the bill.Good food, great ambiance! All COVID precautions taken! Our table of 4 split three small plates (2 breads), and 2 entrees. BYOB policy.Wow. Look no further. Eat here. Best falafel and dolmas I've ever had, and the chicken shawarma wrap is gargantuan. Reasonably price and super delicious!Ordered delivery from this place twice and this was my experience..... 
1st order : meatballs in gravy, saffron rice and the meat plate. While the meatballs tasted good- sadly it was undercooked on the inside and I couldn't eat them. The saffron rice was really fluffy and nice. The meat plate was ok. We didn't manage to finish it because it was very salty. ( on the plus side I drank loads of water of the meal).
2nd order: I ordered the sirloin kebabs and the chicken shawarma. Sadly oh so sadly the sirloin steak was black ( burnt) on the outside and very underdone on the inside. Once again..... couldn't it eat as it was not good. The chicken shawarma was nice but once again waaaaaaaay tooo salty. Couldn't finish it. While the portions are quite large l, sadly wasn't good. The fries were soggy and not good either. 
I really really wanted to like the food here and hence the 2nd order weeks later, but sadly I won't order from here again. 
While the in-house made bread is delicious and so was the saffron rice... the proteins could use work. Very sad indeed.Recently got takeout and it was great!! The portions were huge and the tahini salad was probably the best salad I've had in New Orleans. Must tryI ordered Saj last night for takeout. Overall it was pretty good. I really liked the bread, and it went really well with the tasty hummus. I also got the chicken wrap which was a bit of a disappointment. The chicken was rubbery, and didn't have a freshly made taste. The wrap bread didn't hold up to the storage, so next time I'll have to order the wrap topping separate from the bread.PHENOMENAL. We ordered the Mediterranean salad, baked feta, tenderloin kebab, and the rice. Great portion sizes - it's obviously set up to share. Highly recommend. Great service too! You have to order the baked feta though, that'll be a staple appetizer for us...Saj has unique, delicious food with a convenient location on Magazine St and very nice staff. 
Pros: 
-option for BYOB (we brought our own wine); they also gave us an ice bucket assisted with opening the bottles
-outside seating on magazine is very pleasant and several open tables 
-baked feta was to die for, so creamy and delicious, could eat all day & served with mouthwatering Saj bread (both in picture)
Cons: 
-when we went last month they were out of several menu items including rice (impacting vast majority of their menu so we could only order small plates) - cost them a star as this was a non-holiday/event weekend evening. Hope to try again when more options are available!Very average food.
Chipped plate.
Peeling wallpaper. 
Service was good.
Wait time was ok.Highly recommend, great quality for low price and for BYOB! Highly recommend all of the appetizers and small plates, especially anything with vegetables (beet hummus). Baked feta was also killer. Was less impressed but still blown away by the chicken gyro, a little oily for my taste but an insane amount of food for $15 if you're looking for takeout that'll last you a few meals!Everything about this place is amazing. The food, the service, the environment is all phenomenal! Liana was our waitress and she was so amazing. She was kind, brought us our food fast, and checked on us many times. Whenever we asked her for a cup of ice or anything, she was so sweet and brought it right away. Liana was awesome!
The food is amazing. We ordered the 4 different kinds of humus. They were all very delicious and tasteful. Two of us had the steak plate and we also ordered the chicken wrap. Everything was tasty, flavorful, and delicious. 
Very cute place with amazing food. I definitely recommend, and ask for Liana!Great food, friendly service, BUT - 
no vaxx checks AND no masks, costs them a star.  
We loved the mezzes (apps), especially the beet tahini and the hummus; and the chicken shwarma- grilled bite-size bits marinated in lemon and herbs- was both delicious and a huge portion.  It really would serve 2 easily.  
Our only complaint is that unlike most places here, not a word was said about vaccination proof, and nobody was masked.  Luckily the seating was well separated or we'd have left.  
But sorry, that's not helping New Orleans stay safe.Great food wasn't crazy about the bread but dips were super appetizing and all appetizers we got were super tasty. Fun place great appetizers not best service will be back I wanna try all things on the menhIve been eating at saj since they opened. the food is so fresh and light. it's truly one of the most distinct sets of dishes of any place in NOLA. sweet pea tahini, beet root tahini and now, truffled lentil soup! incredible.Get the baked feta, it was the best thing on our table.
Grilled veggies, grilled lamb chops, chicken shawarma, meatballs, four dip appetizer, French fries, gyro plate for a shared meal for four. 
Lamb and vegetables were char grilled, plenty of carbon. Meatballs were in a very sweet "marinara" with soft melted cheese. Gyro meat was dry sadly. All the dips on the petit four plate were very tasty in their own ways. The baked feta is honeyed and dense and caramelized on top, and would be an amazing dessert, like an exotic creme brûlée.
Mango peach soda was good. Hibiscus hot tea was not highly rated by the drinker, but both people who had mint iced tea got refills and said it was delicious. 
Service wasn't hovering or intrusive but polite and cool.  Plenty of space between tables but once the restaurant got full it was quite loud. We spent a lot of time sharing food and visiting and did not get rushed out.Unlike any other Mediterranean place in New Orleans. The saj bread is different from any other bread I've had before. All of the dips we had were fantastic, and the baked feta was incredible too. A great spot for a date or a group.Really great food! I like their lunch menu best because they have more options. The pita bread is seasoned well and comes out fresh and hot. We ordered the hummus, baba ganoush, and a chicken wrap. Everything was delicious and really hit the spot on a Saturday afternoon.This restaurant is very small with small booths and some tables in the middle. There's a cute instagramable couch in front of a greenery wall to take pictures. We ordered various small dip plates that came with the fresh Saj bread. The dips were exceptional, creamy, and flavorful, and we enjoyed the hot Saj they continue to bring out. We then ordered the Mediterranean salad, which we do not recommend. It was soggy and unappealing, which was disappointing since it was 16$. For the main courses, we ordered the Lamb Chops and Chicken Shawarma. The Lamb Chops were meaty and flavorful but came out lukewarm and not very hot. The Chicken Shawarma was overcooked, and the chicken was dry. The green sauce that comes with it had an opposing flavor and did not go well with the dish. The rice was just plain yellow rice, lacking in flavor and spices. 
We recommend this restaurant as a spot for cute pictures and good dips. We do not recommend the entrees. They also do not serve alcohol which isn't very pleasant in New Orleans.Delicious!!! Everything was so great!! Good prices, atmosphere and service. So so happy we went here!!! YUM!! Will definitely be back soon!!Ordered chicken shawarma and couldn't eat at all. Chicken was chewy and tough. Some of it seemed undercooked.This place is so good.  Service is exceptional and the food was delicious.  Would recommend to anyoneThis place is delicious! Ordered takeout via UberEats and was blown away. Way better Shaya and Saba. I ordered the beet root tahini, hummus, gyro plate, and peach mango sparkling water. All were so good- fresh and clean flavors but still super interesting. I honestly wish I'd ordered more and can't wait to try again. I highly recommend.A lot of the food is very sugary tasting 
And the red sauce on a few things tasted bottledOutstanding meal of small plates for dinner with my family and friends! The beetroot tahini, the muhammara, the labna, dolmas, and hummus were all so tasty! Falafels were fresh, crispy but not heavy. Really, the falafels were perfect. And the Palestinian flatbread with zaater was divine! We did the BYOB and picked up beer and a decent wine from the corner store a block away and Maya was a fabulous server and hostess. The decor is lovely and they do have the option of outdoor seating. And, going the route of small plates let us all enjoy the food immensely! I should add that my guests had all lived in Saudi Arabia for 6 years or more and they LOVED the entire meal! (Vaccination verification is done per city standard too.)IT'S BYOB, Y'ALL. Literally the ONLY reason I'm giving 4 instead of 5 stars is because they don't serve alcohol.
Everything we tasted was incredible. Initially, we ordered the hummus, beetroot tahini, baba ganouj, and tapenade, which were served with very large pieces of pita.
Later we ordered the baked feta and the goat cheese- my friend and I debated all night and truly couldn't decide on a favorite.
Flavors were incredible and as a very fitnessy, protein-loving gal, I was impressed with how satisfied I was with this meal. Mind blown.I ordered take out from Saj. I was very excited to try it base on all the glowing reviews and I am sad to say I was a bit disappointed. They do deliver with Door Dash and my delivery experience was fine. I ordered the chicken shawarma, falafel, hummus, baked feta, and fried halloumi cheese. The Falafel was very good. The chicken had a good flavor and it was a very generous portion but I thought the meal was overpriced for what you got.  I didn't care for their hummus and the fried cheese was greasy and without flavor. The honey covered baked feta was almost burnt tasting and I didn't really enjoy the preparation with the sweet when I wanted it to be more savory. The wood fire pita was hard and didn't tear easily to eat the hummus and chicken with. Overall, with lots of delicious options for Mediterranean food I probably won't pick this place.Hands down some of the best middle eastern food I've ever had! The staff is so nice and helpful, and the food is absolutely incredible. Also super vegetarian & vegan friendly. I always get the sample appetizer plate, green tahini salad, and falafel.When we entered the restaurant, we were skeptical about the food when we saw the modern decor, peeling ceiling paint and pop music.  Boy we were in for a pleasant surprise - the food was exquisite. The bread took some time, but was worth the wait. The tenderloin kabob was cooked to perfection and the spice was mild and flavorful. The falafel had the right amount of crisp outside and chewy inside. Their sodas were also very tasty. We highly recommend this place.Ordered takeout from here last night and it was SO yum-definitely the best Mediterranean we've had in NOLA! The cold items were cool and the hot items were about room temp by the time they got to us, but that's not the restaurant's fault. It was all packaged with extreme care and basically no way to have messy spills or ruining of any dishes.
We got the mezze trio with hummus, labna, and goat cheese-all delicious, creamy, huge portions for a combination style app! And a large pita bread to go with each one. The lamb meatballs were amazing-cooked to about medium, so soft and rich. The Mediterranean salad was pretty large with tons of lightly dressed fresh veggies sitting in a crispy pita bowl. And lastly, the gyro was yummy, although the meat was just a touch on the dry side-which was actually fine because it came with three sauces to spruce it up. 
We would definitely order all the same things again next time, but will have to force ourselves to try new dishes!Saj is my favorite Mediterranean restaurant among the many I have been to! The bread they serve with everything is just incredible. Each item on the menu has a variety of unique and exquisite flavors unlike anywhere else. The baked feta is a must have. Some of our other favorites are the muhamara, beetroot tahini,  kufta, and the goat cheese. I do not think I have ever had better lamb chops, and the chicken shawarma and saffron rice are a super tasty pairing! Ask for their house-made hot sauce; I wish I could buy it by the gallon. In addition to the incredible food, the ambience is perfect and the service is always great!By far the best middle eastern food I have ever had. The chicken shawarma and humus amazing.I tried Saj for the first time tonight and was so excited to find a great new place! (Or at least new to me if not new in general). They serve most of their food family style, and the portions are big, so it's great to share or take leftovers for later. Lots of food for the price, which is nice too. I wish I'd ordered less so I could've tried dessert, but that just gives me an excuse to go back! 
During Covid they're really strict about capacity and distancing so make sure to make a reservation.I had a Nola trip with my friend and saw this restaurant when walking on Magazine street. The food is good, especially the lamb kebab. One of the dips (the mixed one in my image) has strange flavor to me, so I could not eat it. However, the orange dip (I don't remember its name) is really good (I recommend ). The staffs are also friendly.A great and healthy place for lunch. We had falafel, gyro platter and the Mediterranean salad. Each item was excellentGood Friday lunch at Saj was better than good. It was great! I am a big fan of Mediterranean food. I've been to a few Mediterranean restaurants around the city and Saj ranks up there among the best.
First of all, Saj is a BYOB establishment without a corkage fee. While many may look down on this I think this is a great setup. I would imagine this helps them keep their focus on the food and after eating there I can tell you, they are laser focused!
We started with 6 Mezze plates to share. This also comes with the house made bread. All of it was amazing. I can tell you that 6 was too many for two people to split but it all sounded so good we couldn't narrow it down anymore. Then I ordered a 7th and I'm so glad I did because it was my favorite. The falafel at Saj is the best I have ever had. The perfect texture, inside and out. A flavor bomb with just the right amount of heat. So good I didn't even get a picture. I highly recommend ANYTHING from this restaurant.
The staff were all very polite and everyone I interacted with wore a mask. I honestly cannot wait to go back to Saj.One of my favorite restaurants in NOLA! Every dish is so yummy. Great place for sharing because you seriously have to try everything!I ordered the chicken shawarma on Uber Eats, my meal was so salty it was inedible. 10/10 would recommend you stay away from this place if you're hunting for a delicious shawarma.I want to give this place 10 stars. Everything is so fresh and I wanted to order everything on the menu (will have to go back...!). My personal favorite was the pea sprout hummus. Super friendly service and the bread is divine.I was taken by surprise when I came here for a girlfriends birthday dinner. The food was excellent! It was a party of 8 and I think we ordered nearly everything on the menu. Our bill was so cheap too, less than $150 for 8 girls, I was shocked! Probably because you "BYOB." I brought a bottle of wine. Which is totally cool, makes you realize how much you spend on alcohol when you're out to eat. Anyways, I digress... the food. We ordered almost every small plate and two salads and a few other items. I would definitely recommend this place for a laid back dinner with friends, a birthday, or a date. The noise level is fine and having a large group I didn't feel uncomfortable talking and laughing. I'd say the dress code is pretty flexible, jeans and a T and you would be fine or dressier if you like! They have a super cute area you can take photos at too!Way overpriced and I just didn't think the food lived up to it. The portions are very large, which is a definitely plus, but everything was a little too greasy for my liking. Unfortunately, I will most likely not return.Delicious Mediterranean food! BYOB so make sure you remember to bring your favorite wine! If you forget there is a market on corner you can grab from!Baked feta and goat cheese is a must! Creamy and savory! Falafel wraps are light and thin which is nice if you're like me and love eating the the bread! Doesn't fill you up too much before your actual meal! Out-siding is really cute and nice for a good view of magazine st!Saj did not disappoint. Every single item we ordered was delicious & fresh. The pick three mezze is a great deal - we got the hummus, meatballs and baked feta. Cannot wait to get all three again!! We also had the gyro, chicken shawarma, beef kabob and rice. Would absolutely get the gyro again with the homemade fries. The homemade strawberry mint sparkling water was refreshing and not too sweet. I am ready to go back!!I hate giving poor reviews, but I didn't have a great experience here. I ordered the Chicken Shawarma baked wrap and it came with fries. The wrap was literally a big blob. It was a huge portion which is good, but the issue was that the chicken felt like rubber and there was an overkill of lettuce. The fries were good though. 
Overall, I don't think the food is worth it for the price. I don't think I'll be back.Found this place on Uber eats and honestly now the Beetroot Tahini and Sweet Pea Tahini are my new obsession!! I ordered it 3 times in one week...honestly 2 of the three times I ordered was in the same day, heh!Overrated
Shawarma wrap was huge but not that good. Chicken tasted fine but was quite dry. Lettuce was bad. Not worth the $16 price tagEverything was just phenomenal. Hummus, baba Ganush, lebna, salads and the gyro were phenomenal, not to mention the bread. Everything was so well priced and it's byob. Def gonna make this place one of the usual suspectsThe food is on-point and delicious. The never-ending flatbread perfectly accompanies every dish, especially the hummus and baba ghanoush. Very reasonably priced...especially for the portion size. BTW...they don't serve alcohol, but provide glasses and ice buckets for BYO.The food was amazing. Everything was spiced to perfection. We had the babaganoush, fried halloumi, kufta, shawarma, and lamb. Their soda concoctions were fizzy deliciousness. I enjoyed the ambiance and would highly recommend it to anyone. I plan on going back to try the gyro.Favorite dishes are the sweet pea tahini and the meatballs. So fresh and flavorful! The dishes are beautifully prepared, the service is attentive and the ambiance is lovely. The a la carte nature of the menu makes it a special place for sharing a meal. Oh yeah and the saj is deliciousIt doesn't get any better than this. 
It's like they took everything I love about Mediterranean food & gave it a little twist, but unlike a lot of fusion places, it was the right twist. Everything we ate was perfect.
The bread was more crepe than pita & perfectly charred. Unless you're vegan, the lamb chops & kufta meatballs are mandatory. The baba ganoush & halumi were just as good. 
I wish I could take this place back to NYC with me & I live in the middle eastern mecca of Astoria so that's really saying something.