So happy to find a great sushi place. our server, Adam, was great. My friend and I went for happy hour and got great deals on our drinks and sushi. definitely going back for a date night soon.Awesome spot with a menu that has something for everyone. The sushi is fresh and they are always willing to accommodate​ my request for "no rice" on my specialty rolls. It's also a huge perk that they have a parking lot!Our server Connor took great care of us. We sampled edamame, veggie tempura, and several rolls. We appreciated the manager's concern with our satisfaction with our meal. I loved our outdoor table, too. Hoping to return on our next trip.such wonderful and friendly service and incredibly reasonable pricing. we were here for a bachelorette dinner and we had the entire upstairs to ourselves - great for privacy and for us to get rowdy with our saki! they had no problem administering separate checks (some places give you a serious stink eye when you try to do that!) and our waitress came up to check on us at least once every five minutes. i would highly recommend this place!A little over-priced for just-ok sushi.  I am used to excellent sushi, so maybe I am just being overly skeptical of the fish quality.  The lunch is a good deal, otherwise, I would definitely skip it and go to Takumi just down the street on Magazine.The appetizers were AMAZING! the ribs were so big and delicious! I love how fancy the restaurant looked but everything is so affordable. We didn't care much for the sushi since it was kind of bland. Oh and the pad Thai was THE BOMB. so good! Luckily we caught happy hour so our bill was cheapI really enjoyed Sake! I don't count myself a sushi expert, but I do have an appreciation for the art. Watching the chefs, you could tell they knew what they were doing. They not only served quality food, but gave a great presentation. We started off with tuna tetaki and some nigiri. Both plates were so delicious. As for our rolls for dinner, my wife and I were really surprised. My plate came on fire (order the volcano roll). Rolls tasted fresh and were very filling without excessive rice. Environment and serving staff werevery friendly and fun.One of the four best sushi restaurants in New Orleans!  A very talented chef makes daily specials that surprise and titilate, but the teriyaki is thin and weak.  Housed in a skillfully redesigned old K&B (which was a classic Nola drugstore chain- the k&b building at the foot of St. Charles has an impressive modernist art collection), the Sake Cafe has a vibrant energy and a Feng Shui that makes for lively conversation.Loved it! First let me state that I went for happy hour.... I would probably only come here for that because it is much more reasonably priced...
Had the lychee martini...2 for $6 and it was delicious!
Order the calamari ($5 for a big plate) very good
The goat cheese gyoza was about $5 and not really worth it...
Had the cali roll and philli roll both about $5 so not too bad, the fancy rolls looked good but a little out of my price range!
Overall, Ill probably be back next week... $3 martinis are hard to beat!I had vegetable tempura which was delicious. My companion had a good issue that was promptly and generously dealt with by the manager. Would definitely return.I love sake! My favorite lunch spot! I die for their tempura chicken or shrimp entree or bento box! The bento box comes with so much food and the salad has the most delicious ginger dressing! The tempura banana and fresh apple spring rolls are some of the most amazing desserts I've had in town. They have a great cocktail list and happy hour as well!My wife and I enjoy coming here! The huge glass ceiling ornaments are just beautiful--part of the joy of coming here. The service has always been fine, the sushi rolls taste good to us although admittedly I'm not a big sushi connoisseur, the rolls came out very quickly, and the prices are cheaper than what you'd pay for most of the "nicer" restaurants in New Orleans.Okay, I may be a little biased... As I am one of the delivery drivers for this fantastic restaurant, however... I have been working my way through the menu over the last 6 to 8 months and I have yet to come across something that I truly dislike. In fact I already have some favorites of my own. May I suggest the spicy yellow dragon? And as I have mentioned it, Sake does indeed deliver weekdays and Sundays from 4:30 PM to 9:30 PM, and on weekends, Fridays and Saturdays, from 4:30 PM to 10:30 PM...5+ to good management represented by Charlie!!! 
We ordered food to pick up on lazy rainy Saturday which included rock shrimp,gyoza and shrimp rice. We asked that the sauce be put on the side not all over as they serve ( we are picky eaters..),when we opened the box at home the shrimp surely had the sauce all over them and the portion looked smaller than usual. You know that feeling when the only thing you want to do  is get home ,eat good food and relax ?..well that's the mood we had..but no,you can't have the food you like!..frustration ..so my husband called them complained and Charlie the Manager brought his apologies and told us to come pick up freshly cooked meal , all items and he didn't even want back the food we didn't like! How surprising was to get a new bag and have everything as we wanted and twice more !))Charlie was very nice to my husband while he was waiting for our food at the restaurant ..more than that 30 min after he gave a call asking if everything is ok!))thanks a lot Charlie !))we def ll be coming back again and again !!Sushi was tasty, the trays for the soy sauce were too small for my shrimp tempura roll which was huge. Service was a little on the slow side for a restaurant with a lot of staff hanging out at the front. But overall was a good experience.Living in the area, we have tried Sake Café a number of times.
Food & service have been bad-to-terrible each time.
Wishful thinking brings us back once-in-a-while, only to be disappointed again & again.
Does anyone know where one could find REAL tempura in New Orleans ?
RickI really enjoyed the feel that the restaurant held. They had really cool chandeliers over the bar area. Our service was great and our waitress Jenny was very attentive but respecting of our mealtime.This place is the best! The staff is awesome, so are the views, so much space and the food is so fresh, I highly recommend the calamari, I love their sushi and plum wine, try this place out and you can't beat happy hour 3-6Skip this place if you can.  Tried to grab a glass of wine and a bite on a Friday night.  Took one of many open seats at the bar (not the sushi bar) after checking in with the host to make sure that was acceptable.  Sat for about 10 minutes while the bartenders pretended I was invisible.  They waited on others that arrived later.  Ultimately, hostess / manager arrived and noticed I'd been waiting, unrecognized, for an unreasonable period.  She offered a beverage, but no menu.  I asked for the food and wine menus.
Ordered from both and after she consulted the absent (minded) bartender, she sorted out my glass of wine.  Food order as well, but entree never arrived.  
After consuming my single glass of wine, salad, and a bite of the wrong soup, I waited, and waited, and waited.  To no avail.
Ultimately, asked for the check for what had been delivered.  Check delivery was quick, as well as an inquiry as to willingness to further wait for the forgotten entree.
In summation, there's a reason this place gets 3 stars.  Frankly, 3 is generous.  
Nothing appealing or appetizing other than the aesthetics of the place.  Just remember, you can't eat the wallpaper or furnishings.
Skip it.Once again I hate giving bad reviews especially to the service of the restaurant because I myself being a server knows how if I did an awful service to the customer. I'm not gonna name or give a gender to our server. It took forever for us to be noticed and approached by the server which btw took another 10 mins to get our drinks. Um we only had coke and iced tea. Does it take that long to fix those drinks ohhh wait our server was chatting with another server in the back. That's why, it's kind a sad because the food here was good we had the poboy roll and stuffed chicken wings and they were delicious although the service sucks and SLOWWWWW.  We still left our server a 15% tip which is still good considering our server was unattentive and slow. I think I'll just go to Sushi Brothers on St Charles which has better service.I have never had anything bad come out of this kitchen. The staff is always friendly and the food always delicious. I won't go anywhere else for sushi as long as I live in NOLAI stumbled into this Japanese restaurant after browsing some stores nearby. I was pleasantly surprised by the large menu that had a lot of Japanese classical foods (udon soup, etc.) and more variety than some other Japanese restaurants (teriyaki salmon, etc.) that offered more than just sushi. The service was excellent, and the food is very tasty. I got the nabeyaki udon, and I loved it.The sushi is ok hence the 2 stars. The sushi specials are overpriced and fried and nothing special. The tempura is offensive- tasteless, over battered, and a waste. The wok fried calamari is actually deep fried bread crumbs with several pieces of ring calamari hidden in only some pieces. I want my money back.The uptown location is right around the corner from me and has become a recent regular ! 
I typically order an appetizer and one of their sides and am delighted with the portions and fusion of foods. 
The wine selection is good and their sake is delicious! This is a good Asian food option in the uptown New Orleans area. 
Street parking off of magazine street.Love sake cafe! Great lunch spot with lots of choices! Adam was an amazing server, ask for him!I'm a regular. Enough said. 
P.S. Try the Ocean Trout appetizer. To die for!I really do not like this place. The sushi is eh. The gyoza are pretty good, and the fried rice is very unusual. It's more peppery than most. It's cheap but.. you pay for it in other ways.
However, the freaking service is unbelievable. My table waited an hour and a half after ordering for our food. The waitress said that she would bring them out "as they came up"... But there's simply NO WAY. It happens everrrry time and there's no excuse anymore. 
The waiters have a habit of disappearing on you. Don't expect too many water refills.
Also, it's cold, so bring a jacket!!This is my favorite sushi spot in the city. Love the decor, the service is always nice to superb, and their happy hour makes me very happy.
The appetizer selection is pretty large...I've had the soups and the gyoza which were awesome.
I am fond of most of their rolls, other than the volcano roll. Most people like the volcano roll but somehow I find it to be too salty and slimy. Other than that, the tropical roll is a must try if you like something on the sweeter side. 
Surprisingly this place is much more affordable than I had anticipated. The specialty rolls are a bit higher priced but that's standard anywhere.
Plus points for the decor upstairs...wish that floor was open for seating more often.Our group of five ladies stopped during a walking tour of the garden district, hoping for a nice lunch. We had two flies that wouldn't leave the table alone, that alone drove us nuts. 
The bento boxes were very good.  We tried a mushroom roll that was absolutely the worst thing I've ever tried at a sushi restaurant. Actually none of the rolls were good, but the tuna "cake" was great, except the raw quail egg on top. 
The music was very very loud - an obnoxious techno that made it impossible to talk or relax.  
I would pass on this restaurant.So disappointed in this place. What once was a favorite for happy hour, is now a place I will probably never go again. I wish I knew what happened. The last few times we came here, the rolls got progressively worse, as did the service. On the most recent visit the waitress was just a straight up b*tch, and we were sure we must be on punk'd. Their hot sake must have changed because it isn't as good as it used to be. Either that or I just had such a bad taste in my mouth over the way we were being treated. They also stopped doing Sapporo draft during happy hour. *Sigh* I'm thoroughly bummed.Updating my review because this place completely changed my opinion on them. 
I visited Sake Cafe a little over a year ago and experienced the worst service of any Japanese restaurant I've ever been to in my life. The waiter (who was clearly a newbie) messed up our order countless times, forgot food, etc. That being said, I remembered the food being pretty decent. But, my experience made me forget about the quality of food at the time. Because it was my birthday, I wanted to go to a more restaurant vibe sushi place rather than my usual Asuka sushi spot. 
This time was a whole new experience. Our waitress was super friendly. She answered all our questions about menu items, brought us over 4 different dipping sauces to try our sushi with (ALL free of charge - not even a spicy mayo charge), and checked in on our party frequently. Service was already a 5 star. 
As for the sushi, daaaaaamn! Had I really been missing out on this place all year?! I was actually angry I waited so long to go back because it was phenomenal. Huge rolls, stuffed to the gills (punny right? Because fish have gills)? The sashimi here is unbeatable. They do that fancy ish where they put it on a bed of ice on its own plate - points to the sushi chefs. 
About time I find a sushi spot that serves shumai in NOLA. What's with all this gyoza only deal? This place has like 3 different types of dumplings. Oh yeah, I ordered the tuna avocado roll, spicy tuna roll, and rainbow roll. Straight fire!!! So good. 
I'll be back, probably a little too often, but you killed it Sake!I don't yelp much, but the first time I came to this place it was really a bad experience and, after insistence from many of my friends to try again, tonight I did so and I want to give the restaurant props for changing my opinion. The sushi I ordered tonight was great and the service was good. I recently moved from Los Angeles to New Orleans and am accustomed to INCREDIBLE sushi. For anyone hailing from the west coast, just know that it doesn't exist here on that level. Having said that, of all the places I've now tried, Sake Cafe on Magazine is as close as you'll get. Steer away from anything that sounds like it has been transported...salmon or scallops probably a 'no'. And ask the server what's fresh. There's tons of incredible food in New Orleans but if you really need a sushi fix then this is probably your best bet. Ps...stay away from California roll or anything with crab...they use the fake stuff.By far the worst service I have ever experienced  in New Orleans. I love my city but I will never eat at this place nor recommend it to anyone visiting the city.
A friend and I ordered Shrimp Teriyaki and Chicken Teriyaki take out. We waited at the bar roughly 45 minutes to an hour in front of the lady who took our order and we tipped prior to receiving our food. She also kept the loose change which I found odd.
My friend inquired about the order, the order had been sitting on the counter for about 15 minutes.What a let down! I was excited driving by to come and check this place out! I always go by but never stopped. So this night I took the dive and stopped. The decor and facility is not bad, very comfortable and seemed to be busy for a week night. I had a pre dinner cocktail and it was not bad. They did not know what Pimm's was!?! It's New Orleans folks! Ordered my sushi and it looked beautiful and very well put together. But half way into the roll I was kind of let down. Did not seem as fresh as other places and just didn't pop in my mouth. Kind of felt underwhelmed when I left.Great spot for sushi and a drink! 
The ambiance is classy, yet you can definitely sit at the bar or on the patio outside. Sake Cafe has a very long menu with an overwhelming amount of excellent options--same can be said for both food and drink menus.
I would recommend coming for the lunch bento box which ranges between $9-12 and comes with soup, salad, rice, sashimi and whatever extra thing you want, be that more sushi, tempura, or teriyaki beef, chicken, or salmon. 
Come for the happy hour from 3-6 which has half priced cocktails (normally $8).I ate here last week and I must say it's my favorite sushi place in New Orleans so far. The service was absolutely amazing. Our waiter was great and very accommodating towards my group of 5. The sushi itself was very delicious. I ordered the Po Boy Roll and a Shrimp Tempura Roll and both were great. The ambiance of the restaurant was also very nice. Overall I am very satisfied with this place and could easily become a regular customer here. Best sushi and service in NOLA, no doubt about it!One of my favorite local sushi places. The service is always consistent and food is great! Love the parking lot and drink specials. Also they have a great bento box for lunch for $10, can't go wrong.Two Thumbs Up!
My wife and I have been to New Orleans several times, but we have never been to a sushi restaurant, so we decided to give it a try.
We ordered "Never Bored Tuna" appetizer that our waiter Nicholas recommended.  It was spicy and great!
Then we ordered "Tuna & Tuna Roll", "Rice Paper Roll", "Crawfish Roll", "Sea Urchin", and "Sweet Shrimp".  They were all very fresh and AWESOME!!!!
We definitely recommend this place for sushi lovers!My favorite sushi in the country (alright, that only includes NOLA, Philly, and a very meager sampling of Chicago, plus some suburban strip malls). 
I went back again and it was just as I remembered- delicious, fresher and cheaper than in the bigger cities.  The building itself is a former KB drugstore renovated to look like a bar on the Death Star.  Look at the side windows when you're there and this will make sense, at least if you're a huge dork.  
There's more to eating in New Orleans than gumbo and poboys!Really good quality, fresh sushi. The vibe is also really chill which is nice. Staff is pleasant and attentive. 
The building is clean and the bathrooms are maintained. There is also an adjacent parking lot. We sat inside, but the outdoor seating looks really great for a nice day. 
There is also a Facebook and Yelp offer so you can get a free appetizer or a drink, which I was happy to take advantage of. I got to try the cucumber salad for free, which was very crisp and refreshing. I'm glad I got a chance to try it because it was great, though I would probably order something else if it weren't free.I always get take out from here! They are pretty reliable for last minute dinner and those hunger attacks! 
Not the best sushi I've eaten but not bad either! Nice bar area too.Extremely disappointed. I came here for happy hour (3-6) where certain sushi rolls were only 3.50! Our waitress helped me and a friend out with the menu for happy because it was our first time. Pleasant and helpful, so that was a good sign...so I thought. 
The happy hour menu said under sushi: salmon, eel, tuna, etc. I told her I would like a "salmon roll, tuna roll, and an eel roll." She's kindly responds "sounds great. I'll put those right in for you to have your happy hour prices incorporated!" (It was 5:50 so we were cutting it close and she helped us out).
We get our food. Mediocre at best, but regardless I was happy it was cheap and filling.
WELL, we get our check and she charged us both FULL PRICE. We ask her to fix it and she tells us "oh, you ordered ROLLS, not individual pieces of sashimi" WELL MY BAD BUT WHY DID YOU NOT STOP ME FROM ORDERING THOSE WHEN I SPECIFICALLY SAID I WANTED ALL MY FOOD OFF THE HAPPY HOUR MENU
Never coming back here. Oh, she went to Loyola and I go to Tulane. Never trust a Loyola student..Amazing !  I usually don't equate New Orleans with good sushi but this is where to find it! Creative menu of rolls and appetizers plus high quality sushi.  Atmosphere is classy and chic and right in the heart of Magazine.  Server was attentive, friendly and helpful suggesting two fabulous rolls - the Marilyn Monroe and Firecracker. We will be back !!A David Lynch type irritating noise
A sushi chef who didn't seem to know how to distinguish on the menu the difference between hand roll and cut roll. The same Chef had to ask help from his co-chefs what "Albacore or Honmachi" was??  Nice portions of sushi. Server was very helpful and pleasant. Being from Los Angeles I'm a little spoiled. So...enter at your own risk.I have come here about three times. Two were for dinner. It was nothing special.  But I came for happy hour, and was very pleased with the specials, including the drink specials.  I normally don't order cocktails, but let's just say that there were hefty pours.  Goat cheese gyoza was good, but really hot (temp) wise.  So, wait a bit to dive right in.  The roll and sushi specials were really good. I will be visiting the happy hour a lot more.  Wait staff was attentive during my meal.So I have been away from NOLA for many many years but upon my return I took a group of friends to Happy Hour on the patio and Sake Cafe did not disappoint! The food was amazing! The drinks were rockin! And our waiter Adam was the BOMB! Will definitely be back! Highly recommend the Happy Hour for great food and drink prices!Don't call for a pickup order if you in a hurry. Pickup usually takes 45-60 and I often have to correct it when I get there but the bartenders are nice and have hooked me up with beers on severl occasions while I wait for my food. The do deliver but only after 4pm. Their rainbow roll and crunch rolls are amazing as is the yellowtail and jalepeno salsa app. Beware of the wok friend calamari app. It's scary and not what we were expecting at all. sparse on the batter and very chewy! But I was saved by their seaweed salad!Amazing happy hour! I'm always happy to go in and get some discounted sushi and cocktails and a nice place. The service is always fast and friendly.Happy Hour! Crawfish, crunchy & snow crab rolls are llife! Our waiter John was awesome too & made our meal Bomb!I visited for the first time, and got what I expected for the area--an Uptown atmosphere with an lively vibe.  I've had several dishes from Sake Cafe, and I've liked just about all of them.  This time, I had the Crawfish Rolls, which I enjoyed immensely.
It has a cool atmosphere for either hanging out with friends or date night.  I was really into the decor.  I didn't get a chance to sit on the patio, but I will one day soon. :-) I couldn't take my eyes off the light fixtures, either.  They are very "dragony" (yes, like frozen dragon flames or something).  
The complaint I have is that the bar and wait areas as well as the parking lot are really cramped.  Otherwise, I truly enjoyed my experience.Awesome baked salmon appetizer! Sushi is always fresh and option to sit outside is always a plus :)This was the best Japanese cuisine I have had. Far better than any other sushi places here. The salmon tasted light it was caught that day, so fresh. Definitely recommend this place to sushi lovers. We also got an appetizer platter that was the perfect size for two and worth every penny.We had a great meal here last week. They have some amazing options off the beaten path of most sushi places, and their wine selection was impressive. Our server, Sammy was the best. He was so sweet and funny and full of great advice on the menu. We will definitely be back and will absolutely request to have Sammy as our server again.I could hit myself for not going here weekly. I came here years back when I was just visiting, I remember that although I enjoyed my food it was too expensive for my wallet... Although the sake margaritas were worth every penny. So the last two years I have lived a stones throw from here and only went the other night when nothing else was open. I didn't go wild but I was satisfied and I have been dreaming of the food since. I've been on a mushroom kick as of late and changed my mind when I saw they had a warm mushroom salad. It is so good. I got it sans dressing but the mushrooms are cooked in olive oil and I find that was enough for the salad. It was 7 bucks and well worth it. I also had tempura veggies as an appetizer and tuna sushi. Oh man it was so fresh. My meal was very light, service was great and atmosphere is lovely ( sat on the patio). I am moving back to my birthplace and will miss it... Especially the salad... I will have to go there for lunch today!Horrible!, Will never return. Wrong appetizer, scallops were past their expiration date! I hope I don't end up on Monsters inside me! Old cocktails, this place needs to be revamped!Hands down, the best Sake Cafe location. The  sushi and service here are great. Ambience is nice too. I'm had plenty of great conversations here as the atmosphere is soothing and comfortable. This was actually the first sushi restaurant I had ever been to and it was for a first date. He and I didn't work out, but Sake Cafe and I NEVER lost touch! Parking limited.Went Saturday with wife and kids for a birthday dinner. Never Bored Tuna very tasty. Wok Fried Calamari is one the whole family an enjoy. Kids had Tempura Chicken( which I ate a piece and was good). Wife and I shared three different rolls which we had to take some home due to being stuffed. Service was good. Waiter was attentive and joked a little with the kids. Overall very good experience.Everything was amazing! Chris was our server, He was fantastic. Seaweed salad and the sashimi salad were both so delicious. I highly recommend the New Orleans roll. It was sooo delightful, best roll we had. We had a few managers come by to ask us if we were doing okay and how everything was. Overall great staff, very friendly and attentive. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselvesWant to hear it? Here we go!
Our waitress Leah was an angel.+2
I had to remind her about things we needed at the table and the condiments were empty... -2
The bathrooms were clean.. you walked in to the bathroom and it was so clean or either they slotched around bleach with a shot of fabuloso but it smelled clean. +2
We got confused with the Check in - get things for free b/c we failed to read. Leah took it off anyway +2
Manager took care of my meal because it was ..no questions asked. +3
Do not get the Chicken Teriyaki.. so bland.-2
The clear soup, the ribs and the Hot appetizer was good. +2
Pineapple rice +1Best happy hour!!! Love the French Mars!! 
Joey the Manager and Tommy the owner are really cool. Everytime I bring a new friend to Sake, the entire staff always make them feel welcome.
Seriously some of the best bartenders in the city!!!!A bit overpriced by Nola standards but not by national ones.  The name isn't kitsch, there's a decent sake selection to take your head off the check.  Again, the specials stand out, and the presentation is classic if not spectacular.  Still, in the end, for the money you're nigh guaranteed a victorious stomach.
They still ahve a problem with grilled meats and sauces... rubbery beef or bland textures riddle the non-oceanic fare.  Maybe it's on purpose.Please please please change the sound tracks. 
100 bpm techno keeps the sushi from going down right.
Otherwise, this is our every Friday night "go to" for sushi.
Great wait staff, great food, great atmosphere.
Please change the music.Sushi restaurants aren't my everyday, or regular place to go to when I'm hungry. But out of all my selections ranging from Hoshun to Little Tokyo and etc, Sake Cafe earns it's spot aside from Fuji Hana.
My friend and I reserved a party of 4 for my friend's birthday. Warning that since it's Magazine St the parking lot they do have reserved for customers at Sake Cafe is pretty small. (And if you don't want to get caught in that infamously narrow and cramped up street, I suggest you eat at the Sake Cafe in Metarie by Chili's. 
When I walked in, I was amazed by its overall appearance. Out of all the sushi restaurants I've been to, Sake Cafe @ Magazine had a nice, prestigious atmosphere with tables covered in white cloth and other tables without in black (which complimented the entirety of the cafe greatly).
Our waiter came to serve us extremely fast for a place that was crowded, oh and we came at night. One of our own friends were underage and when asked for a drink ordered a Shirley's Temple w/ alcohol without having to show their I.D. Because it was my friend's birthday and we reserved a special spot, we were served first with free compliments from the chef an "ahi tuna poke". After we had ordered our dishes with the one that struck out the most being the Star Roll. Now the Star Roll wasn't on the menu, but because my friend was a regular in this particular restaurant-she still bothered to ask if they were serving the Star Roll, and they did! I recommend ordering the Star Roll (Tuna/Moon Roll) With side sauces for separately dipping into to eat with (spicy mayo/squid sauce). 
Alongside the Star Roll, we ordered Snowcrab Naruto, Baked Salmon, Mochi Green Tea Ice Cream, Pineapple fried rice, and the Tiger Roll.
My experience here was satisfying til the end because they give you free "fancy" chocolates!I have enjoyed this sake cafe since I was in high school and now I take my daughter for a fun after school or (for today) after work mother daughter time.   I have never had an issue, the food has always been amazing and fresh.   We love the happy hour menu because my daughter (8yrs old) will eat raw tuna like it's going out of style and happy hour makes it more affordable.   Today we went in for our usual Gyoza apps and tuna sashimi for her and a wonderful rock'n roll for me.   Our server was BEYOND amazing.  I work in restaurants and what this server did for my daughter was so far above and beyond.  Her name was Courtney.   She entertained my daughter each time she came to the table and even tore off the drawing my daughter did for her on the table and promised to keep it.  My daughter had more fun then ever.   Courtney is AMAZING!!!!!!!   And as always, SAKE CAFE UPTOWN IS AMAZINGTo go order @ bar. Two ladies were very knowledgeable of menu, which is a big plus in my book. Sad that it's come to that: getting excited about servers who actually know the menu...Only got 3 items: Never Bored Tuna appetizer for $13.25; Tropical Salmon special app off menu for $13.50; and Tuna & Tuna Roll for $14.25. Total was $45 after tax. As it was right before closing time while I waited for my order, 2 bartenders were quite noisy as they broke down/cleaned up the bar. Made up for it w/their niceness. Not too observant on refilling my empty drink - in the interest of full disclosure, I have done my share of waiting tables, and as a former waiter, I know customers shouldn't have to ask for a refill.
Anyway, Never Bored Tuna app was, well, boring. Tropical Salmon was good, although for 6 pieces, highly overpriced. Banana slice crusted w/sesame seeds then wrapped in fresh salmon. Tasty! Tuna & Tuna Roll was very nice. Overall, I would probably recommend this sushi joint, but the prices are absurd. I do like the fact that they are open until 12am.Two star quality, but the happy hour gets them plus one. It's in the neighborhood, so sometimes amidst a toxic hangover, I order food to go. There's better quality sushi, but not within sprinting distance from my house. I went during happy hour once and enjoyed it. A bunch of rolls for 3.50, the bar smelt like bleach, and cheap Japanese beer. Hard to ask for much more than that. Anyway, I'm sure it won't be the last time I say it's the last time I order from sake.During a recent meal at the Sake Cafe, I sat admiring their unique glass decor. Already one of the best destinations to dine Uptown. Sake Cafe is a fresh new take on Japanese in New Orleans. 
I had the Nabeyaki Udon and my girlfriend had the rainbow and jazz rolls. It was great! We'll be back!One of best economical place and also a Perfect happy hour.  Must try chicken spring roll, soft nd  Spicy screaming shrimp, crunchy roll, Thai style tilapia.Sake cafe is good! Their happy hour is AMAZING and I wish I could go everyday! 
I've always had great service here so no complaints there! 
Their rolls are always presented beautifully with plenty of sauce on the plate and their specialty cocktails are yum!Tempura was so greasy it was dripping. Not good. It was not edible. Sushi was just ok. Service was ok. Nothing special.Why one star??? The food was okay but the worst part is the SERVICE is terrible and SLOWWWW. It took forever for our cocktails to arrive, appetizers took like 30 mins to come out too. Oh and my friend's tempura dinner came out an hour later where everybody in our table is pretty much done with our dinner meal. The server apologized but it took him another 20 mins to show up to say hello to our table and we have to ask him again UM where's the tempura dude? Save your money and go to Sushi brothers on Saint Charles where's it's cheaper and service is a lot better and the quality of the food is just the same.  I'm a server myself so I know what it's like to deal with situations like that but our server at Sake Cafe was just MEH... BTW we still tipped him 18%...Great atmosphere, upbeat ambient club music. Food is great but try not to over-order! Staff is friendly and quick.I repeatedly asked for a pitcher of water and no one wanted to say no, but no one brought it to me; however, Frank refilled my glass quickly.  The fish was fresh and tasty, and the warm mushroom salad was really good.New Orleans sushi has been the only food that has consistently disappointed me, but Sake Cafe has been the most successful of the ones I've tried. The sushi itself is good, and if you like spicy things, the Chicken Hot Pot soup is awesome, with lots of lime and spice. The service is sloooooow, so leave a while for your meal. It's also more expensive than other sushi places, but given the choices, it's the one I go to most often.Great place for happy hour. Great drink and food specials. Checked in and tried to use the free drink provided through Yelp and was denied by management with no explanation. Just said we're not accepting Yelp coupons and manager didn't even bother to come and try to explain it to us ‍
So... I would have given 5 stars but customer service was lacking
******* we ended up asking for the manager to find out their policy and she was nice and explained that they don't honor the Yelp coupons because they have so many other promotions. Yelp needs to update this ********We go for Happy Hour frequently. It is a wonderful value. They are very easy going with my three children and are happy to accommodate them. It is a family favorite.It helps that this place is around the corner from my house, but I love this place!  Super original rolls and an extensive .  I particularly love the Spice Girl and Spiderweb rolls, but they are all pretty damn awesome, albeit a tad pricey.  The sashimi is always ice cold and super fresh.  The appetizers are pretty wonderful too. I recommend the Chicken Fire Pot Soup (only $3!!!) and the sashimi appetizer sampler.  
The only thing that bums me out is that they took my favorite thing off the menu for some reason.  They used to have these mussels in a green curry sauce.  They were the best mussels I've ever had and I was so shocked and sad to see they were gone last time!  I'm trying to squeeze the recipe out from the manager...I think he'll budge soon.  But LaThai Uptown has a very similar dish that is basically just as good, so it satisfies my mussel craving!Sake Cafe on Magazine Street was such an unexpected find. Having journeyed to Magazine for shopping, the cabbie dropped us out front of Sake - and immediately hungry, we went in for lunch. 
Do not miss the goat cheese, apple, and tuna tartare appetizer - pretty sure I can die now, having had that in my mouth. The rolls are inventive and delectable. Service rocked - our server was delightful and attentive.
Will make it a point to visit the next time I'm in the Big Easy.It was alright. I felt like I could have gotten more for what I paid...Ok sushi and sashimi - same as other good such places. Good prices. Pleasant service. Hipster atmosphere. I'll go back.