Food is okay, we had the poboy burger.  The place is a bit small and dingy though.  The portions were huge, I had to split the sandwich, too much for one person.Okay to good food. Very nice people. The food is not authentic by any means, but it is okay to good depending upon what you order. They will make the food very spicy if you ask.I gotta say, I was fairly skeptical, but also STARVING, and inexplicably intoxicated after only 3 beers. The place is in a small area I call "hooker highway", because of the low-rate strip clubs and 'massage' parlors that dot the section of Iberville. 
However, I was dying for something new, and the sign saying "VEGAN FOOD" sold me. The place is no-frills, but clean. A kind man behind the counter helped us decide what we wanted, and we sat, drank the free (!!!) water, and watched an Indian cricket match on TV. 
Our food came out, and it was delicious. I couldn't believe how much food there was for so little money, and how good it tasted. The other places in town are horrendous compared to what I got. The owner was very proud of his vegetarian offerings, and suggested I order some for delivery soon. Don't you worry, Sir. I will!I had read good things here on Yelp about this place and was totally disappointed.  Tied for worst Indian food in New Orleans (the other place is in the Riverbend).  I was asked how spicy I wanted my food and I told them mild.  Unfortunately that translated into "bland."  I mean I had to put red pepper flakes on the food to make it palatable!  Perhaps I went on a bad day or ordered the wrong thing.  I chose the aloo palak, potato and spinach dish.  The potatoes were tender but the spinach, man, no taste whatsoever.  I left about half of it on my plate, and I always clean my plate when I eat Indian.  However, as with the place in Riverbend, they too committed the cardinal sin, in my opinion, of an Indian restaurant:  the plain naan was out of a package!  No pretty blister marks of traditionally cooked naan.  I will not be returning.This is a Pakistani restaurant with a selection of American food.  They have quite a few goat dishes and also cater to vegetarians.  The food is ok but somewhat overpriced and they also don't have brewed iced tea available and only offer bottled drinks which is a pet peeve of mine.  There is no table service but the guys behind the counter seem friendly enough.  Personally I would much rather go to Nirvana than this place.High prices but well worth it. Get the goat masala w/ either the rice or the flat bread, both rice and flat bread are better. Greatly seasoned meat with great gravy, very similar to New Orleans stew!What a ripoff!! Except for the okra, everything else is terrible. The parathas were basically mostly uncooked dough with the thinnest, almost non existent layer of stuffing.Pretty over-rated.  I got the Palak Paneer and it was very watered down and bland (almost like it was a frozen dish that was warmed up and the water had not evaporated).  Samosas tasted greasy.  I ended up paying a fair amount- so I would not consider it a cheap meal.  I have been looking for an exceptional indian place in New Orleans and I'm sorry to say that I'll have to keep looking.yeah, it's a bit pricey but what do you expect in the quarter and/or new orleans, in general.  everything on their menu is solid.  best freaking goat and okra i've eaten...mmm.Worst food with worst service. Should close this shop immediately, no neatness too. When people come they expect at least minimum taste but here there is nothing such . Chicken tikka masala was like chicken in water and biryani is just rice with masala, I don't think they have tasted it before.My "Yelping style" is to always try and remain objective when writing a review; even reviews for businesses I feel have room to improve or I don't particularly care for. This is the case for Salt N Pepper.  Working nearby, I decided to give them a try on a recent Saturday afternoon.
Salt N Pepper is an Indian / Pakistani / Halal restaurant that features a lot of traditional sounding dishes, to include several offerings of goat.  I opted for a to go order of a beef kabob plate with basmati rice.  Even though the restaurant was empty, I was told that it would be 15 minutes for my order.  So I think, ok, this is going to be prepared fresh from scratch.  I come back 15 minutes later and I see by Styrofoam container of basmati rice coming out of the microwave oven, which is not what I expected.  My plate of beef came out a minute later and I took my food back to my office.
There was a very sparse salad of lettuce, tomatoes and onions, along with some type of salad dressing I had never tasted before.  The beef was pretty good, but it was entirely too spicy.  I'm talking "get a handkerchief for your runny nose" spicy.  I was disappointed that I did not get any type of bread (pita or tortilla) with my meal.  The salad was not appealing and the microwaved rice, although quite edible, was a little bit of a turn-off.  The $13.00 price tag was pretty steep considering alternative lunch choices in the French Quarter.
The ambiance of the restaurant is very dated and could use a face lift, and I'm glad I got my meal to go.  In summary, Salt N Pepper needs to spruce up the dining room and perhaps reconsider some of their food prep techniques, especially that microwave oven.
So I stand by my 2 star review.  This is not a bad restaurant, but as the rating states, I've experienced better.Decent food for Xmas day. However, they serve the digiorno of Indian food "deep" foods. Saw the chef open a pack of deep aloo parathas. Rest of the food also tasted the same.  Good option due to lack of option. Couldn't tell about the goat and chicken that my husband ordered. But the palak paneer I ordered was definitely packaged as was the naan.I absolutely would not go to this restaurant. 
We had purchased an offer from Restaurant.com. The man at the restaurant told us that 'ownership' has changed and refused the offer which we had prepaid for. It turns out that the next customer (only other one in the restaurant at that time) had the same offer. The man behind the counter got into a very loud argument with the customer.
As a note ownership has clearly not changed. The prepaid offer is still on Restaurant.com.I don't understand the hate for this place on other Yelp reviews. Really, it astounds me. Complaints about it being dirty are potentially justified, but personally, I give any amazing restaurant a free pass for that if the food is good enough. Every great dive has an element of grime. This is definitely a dive, and that is a major part of its charm. I really enjoy the falafel- very fresh, crunchy and comes with a great sauce. My family basically tried half the menu, and found the chicken tiki masala to be the best. In a lot of places, that dish is mild and lacks flavor. Here it is bursting with flavor. The stuffed naan is good.
I really love the Mango Lassies as well, very creamy and subtle flavor. We are in New Orleans for 4 days, and we have eaten here twice. After the first night, we simply couldn't stop thinking about it or talking about it.If you like goat masala or curry I'd recommend this no frills place.Very regrettable....arguably the worst Indian I have ever had. I had high expectations, but am very disappointed. Even the naan was really just pita bread, which is fine, but just say its pita bread (so I can not order it). Deliver man also asked for a larger tip when I topped 40% on a delivery order. Just overall bad experience, unfortunately.Though small the food here is great ....employees are very cordial and the food is very authentic and so good.I eat here often and each time I have never had a bad dishThe only Indian restaurant we found in downtown NO. The veggie biriyani is really good. The other dishes are OK.A great break after a week of remoulades and étouffées. Excellent authentic Indian/Pakistani fare with vegetarian options. Huge variety of Naan - try the Mehti with fenugreek seeds. Yum.Good for what it is - a place for relatively inexpensive, tasty food, especially late at night.  I had the pakoras - nothing special, and the night's special which was a ground beef dish (sorry, I don't remember the name).  I ordered the special dish spicy and they didn't hold back, which I really appreciated.  Service was friendly.  I will be back to try other things when I'm around, but wouldn't go out of my way to go here.This was an excellent find in NOLA! 
Really low key, not trying to impress anyone, place and this is one of the best things about it. You sit in fast food like bench seats or small tables and watch middle east/east asia music videos while you mow down some of the best food in town. 
Lots of goat on the menu but lots of vegetarian options as well. Everything was cooked by authentically serious old Pakistani men in a visible kitchen. Grab your own drink, sit, wait, order and enjoy the server who has a great sense of humor and an  " l like you but I don't really care if you like me" attitude.  I wouldn't recommend to people I dont know very well but for down to earth people who love awesome food (and don't need a cloth napkin), this is the place.the okra masala is really great. its super low key and reasonable on price.Foods not that great! Server was horrible. No concept of hygiene!! Guys you can do better than that!Worst Indian food I have ever tried. Although the food looks cheaper but you are getting very less food than normal places. Literally 3 pieces of chicken for $12.99.Best Parkistani and Indian food. Love most of their dishes. My favorites are goat curry and goat feet soup. Outstanding flavor and spices. Highly recommended if you like lots of flavor in the curry.Very nice guys working there but food isn't good at all.
Had the veggie samosas and palaak paneer. Both are not flavored at all. Palaak paneer made with canned spinach so crazily oversalted. Samosas are bland. 
Not sure what other options there are for Indian food here but this is not worth eating.A bit off the beaten path, and as un-touristy as you can get.  This is a dive-y Indian and Pakistani food place, (a bit like a smaller, less crowded Pakwan in San Francisco) certainly the only one in the Quarter.  They have the standard samosas, aloo pratha, & chicken masala, plus several dishes with goat. (My companion loves goat.  No comment.) However, they also have fried chicken and pizza, and they deliver.  I stuck with an Indian chicken dish, nicely spicy and enjoyable, and a pleasant change from red beans and rice, although I do love red beans and rice.  My companion also liked his goat. No comment.  Salt n' Pepper is open pretty late. Overall, recommended.We were really craving Indian food and this place hit the spot! I had some chicken masala with naan and medium spicy and it was so good! It was barely spicy (I can only stand mild buffalo wings with tons of ranch) so I really enjoyed it. I tasted a goat masala and don't like goat, but I loved that dish. I also tasted the chicken palak and thought that was the best! The service was especially good and they were super helpful.  I'm coming back a lot more.Stopped by with a craving for Samosas.  Ordered 2 and waited for 15 minutes for them to heat it up.  They microwaved it for 30 seconds and then deep fried it for a few minutes.  The middle was still frozen when I took a bite.  I would not recommend this to anyone.
Location: Excellent!  Right in the FQ!
Decor: Horrible.  Looks like a gas station diner or rundown subway.  You can see into the kitchen which is normally good, but the kitchen is not clean or nice so it is a huge turnoff.
Service: You go up to the counter, order, and get your item.  Service is good, I guess, because it is self-serv.
Food:  Well, the samosa was still frozen, so its pretty bad.  However, we also got some chole which was decent.  The chole was a little watery, but the taste was good.  We asked for Yogurt, but they ran out. 
Drinks: I asked for a coke, and got a can.  I asked for ice, but they ran out.  This was at 1PM in June.  They did not get more.
Overall - All Indian/Pakistani food in New Orleans is bad.  This is also bad.  If you are craving a taste, stop by and take a few bites.  I dont think Ill come here more than once a year.  Im sure regular patrons get frequent diarrhea.Was visiting french quarters for Christmas and found this place at walking distance and open on 25 dec.
This is a small place with seating capacity of 10-15 people.
Goods -
1. Only indian food available in french quarters I could find at walking distance from Jackson Square
2. Prices are decent 8-10$ per head
3. Each Entree served with Rice or Naan
Not so Good -
1. We visited it twice on consecutive days first day the food was bland but second day we made sure we mentioned we need spicy and they made it spicy.
2. The quantity is just fine not generous
3. Since the seating area is small it gets quite crowded and owner stops taking orders intermitentlyI had goat Biryani and we split potato samosas for App. My wife had chicken kebab and she said it was excellent. I asked for mine very spicy and they obliged. The Tahini is the  best I have ever had. All together One of the best meals I have had and the prices here are very friendly for your budget. I will be back on this trip and in any future visits to NOLA.NOTE: This place has closed down. I tried to go on Tuesday (November 2016) and someone there told me it's been turned into a pizza place that will start serving indian food in the future. For now, though, if you go there you'll just find a pizza place.Just stopped in one time for a snack, but I thought it was enough to merit a review. Divey hole in the wall place to be sure, but their samosas were ridiculously good. Not that samosas are ever bad, but these were fried up right in front of me, and must have had some Cajun spice in them or something. They had a nice looking menu. Person working there recommended that next time I call ahead to avoid the wait of having my food made. If I'm ever in New Orleans again, maybe I will.This food was fine-dal has fresh cilantro, spinach paneer standard.  I was pleasantly surprised overall.  It is really a take out place with 6 tables.  We ate in and watched the Indian music videos.  20 bucks for 2 veggie entrees, hard to beatThis place was very tasty. I asked for my paneer to be spicy and it was perfect. The service and service was average and right when we ordered at least 4 other people did as well so it took a while. I also really enjoyed their hummus. It had a nice tangy bite to it. I would definitely go back if I was in the area and craving this type of food. It is a little grimy looking but don't let that stop you.What a find in the middle of the French Quarter.  The vegans and the carnivores in my group were all equally delighted with this great tasty heart-warming food in a clean and friendly place.  The abundant food was so good we cleaned all our plates as we oohed and ahed at the amazing flavors in between bites.  The cook was attentive and accommodating to our needs and desires.  Great value for the price!I was trying to go to Nirvana Indian, but they were closed. Ran into Salt and Pepper and ordered food to go. I was beyond disappointed when I tried it. The naan and rice were good, but the channa masala was soggy and had a smoked flavor verses Indian spice. It should have been a give away when half of the menu was deep fried southern items!Forced to give one star. The guy is rude and that's an understatement. The sign at the door says open at 1230 pm. We went there at 1235 and the guy said come back at 1 and shouted at us that he is working hard to make the food and no time for changing the sign at the door. What an obnoxious person. I believe a person that rude, cannot make good food. Avoid this place.Really friendly service and offer delivery. I ordered the chicken tikka masala, aloo parantha, and naan. The masala was really good, although super spicy when they asked how I wanted it and I said mild. The parantha was tasty, although the naan was super dry and had a cornmeal flavor. Overall I thought this was a good Indian option for New Orleans, which seems to have few other places like it.Best Indian food I've had in my life. Ever. Hands down. The chicken tikka masala was so creamy, SO spicy (by choice. I asked for 10/10 on the spice scale but it's rare that anything actually comes out spicy enough for me) and so delicious.Salt 'N' Pepper Restaurant offers a delicious variety of items for vegetarians and vegans, although you might not know it from looking at the menu outside.  With such limited (though improving) options for herbivores in NOLA, it might do them well to advertise theirs a bit more visibly.  That said, walk on in, announce your food restrictions, and they'll be happy to point out their regular and special dishes that fit your needs.  Pakoras are fresh and delicious, and dishes are served moderately spicy with cool yogurt sauce to dull the burn.  It's a well-done level of spice that hits several seconds after the food meets the tongue, and lingers in the mouth before eventually spreading to the lips.  Those who like it hot may want to add some spice or hot sauce from the table.  Those who like less may struggle and should add more yogurt and/or get an extra large bottle of water.  The restroom is a clean single-seater that is also used for a bit of storage: suitable and fitting to the environment.  This place seems to do a lot of carryout, but there are also a few tables inside.  You'll need to climb a few steps to get in, so it isn't terribly friendly for those with mobility altering conditions.  Delicious and filling, I recommend it highly for those seeking vegetarian dining that doesn't rely on cheese sauces, lards and sugar.  Although there was some oil, these felt like the healthiest meals we ate while in NOLA (aside from salads) and the spice was wonderful.  They serve more meat than veg, but I can't speak to the quality of those dishes.I had the chicken byriani, samosas and naan.   Naan was so-so and a little dry.  Samosas were good and came with a mint yogurt sauce.  I wished there was a tamarind sauce or chutney as well. The chocked was very spicy and stewed well.  I have had better, but it wasn't bad.  I think it would taste really good if someone is coming back from the bar.Hole in the wall Indian food place on the edge of the Quarter.  Best Indian food I've ever eaten in my life.  I would go to New Orleans just to eat at this fine dive!  Chana and dal masala to die for.  It's rich and epically spicy so you might not be able to handle the awesomeness so be careful!   When I worked as the bicycle delivery person here I ate this amazing food every single day.  Delicious pakoras and samosas, perfectly cooked naan and the goat briyani was a huge hit with savvy locals and taxi cab drivers who ate there religiously. I miss this place sooo much!Yum. When looking for something different, this was no disappointment. I love Indian food and seek it out in any city I travel. I had the fish curry and they added okra for me. Delicate, tasty sauce. I wanted to return the very next meal - haven't felt that way about any meal I've had here. You might have to wait for the Chai but it was no disappointment. They even sweetened it perfectly for me. No atmosphere, but Indian restaurants often don't - it has no effect taste.I really really love this place. Don't let its sparse looks fool you it it is hot fresh and delicious!. if you are looking to an alternative to the creole fare in the quarter check this spot out. many of the options are vegan and vegetarian.Worst restaurant I have been to!! Poor service and even poor menu options!! Just disgusting!!I'm only giving this a 2 star because the customer service was a 3 star and the food was a 1 star.
I ordered the chana masala and bhindi masala. 
They were both bland.; thus I see where the owner got his name salt n pepper for the business. 
The prices were just as if you were to pay for food that had been seasoned with more than just salt and pepper at a regular Indian restaurant!Its nice to get a break from constant Cajun. Goat masala was really really good. Kind of a confusing little place serving burgers and French fries along with a full menu of IndianThis is the worst indian/pakistani restaurant I have ever been to. There is only 1 or 2 person working there. The same persons answers phones, takes orders, cooks and serves. No customer service ever. The guy was very rude even while we were ordering. We were told there was salad and raita wit veg order. We ordered 6 veg items and not served any raita or salad. We asked he got mad and said he did not get delivery that day. Food was only. Unlike the name, food didnot have any salt on it. Stay away from this place. It feels like you are in a third world country or even worse than that.Hidden, unappreciated, delicious. Ordered two veggie dishes which were both excellent. Can't speak to the pizza's quality, but, c'mon, you can get pizza anywhere. I have no idea where else you can get delicious vegetarian Indian in the Quarter. Do you?There are so many comments about the good samosas, but I haven't eaten such an oily samosa ever. These were worse than the result of my first attempt at preparing them.
Samosa chaat, was just some lettuce and curd gravy over oily samosas. 
I read about them charging for water, I even felt they added finely chopped green chillies on top the samosa chaat so that we buy that water.  Not a good experience.It's pretty good - fast delivery - and the prahta(sp?) was soooo delicious with my chicken tikka masala.If you're looking for fancy this is not at all your place. Not very clean inside. Service was bad because to order two items we waited over an hour and there was a group of 6 people who arrived at least 30 minutes after us but got their food much sooner. Their biriyani  was good but the chicken ticca masala and yougurt was as if it were diluted with water and their naans were awful stale and hard. All of their food items were served in flat plates even the gravy dishes which was odd and difficult to eat. I wouldn't reccomend this place at all because food was average over priced for quality and overall place not well kept.Quiet little unassuming spot off south peters in the quarter. Never been disappointed.Well if there was an option to take back the stars given by any other person. I would have done that and would have given a black hole in spite of Star. 
It's the most pathetic food place i have ever been in my life. 
A wastage of money time and energy. 
Authentic food ..?? Really ....!!! it's not even in the zip code of being authentic. 
What else you can expect from a place where they do not serve you water. You have to actually purchase water bottle. I had never felt so bad even when I ate at road side. 
Food was so bad that i could not even eat it. Allu Chana was what i ordered what I got was Chana without Aalu ! rofl. Bland to the extent that if you bring roti near to Chana Masala , roti will run away! . and with lots of red pepper . 
I would advise everyone do not go to this place .
Its better to stay hungry for a while and have something better.This place is the worst place I have ever tried they are over priced and the food is disgusting I order the chicken biryian boneless and I paid almost $15 for basically just rice and lettuce and onions.This place is rough.
I paid $10 for a plate of palak paneer.  It tasted like spinach from a can and seemingly had no spices of any sort. I received neither naan nor rice (both are an extra $3 and $2, respectively).  For a fast-food-feeling kind of place, the food took a surprisingly long amount of time and was just downright difficult to eat.  
Why is New Orleans such an abyss when it comes to good Indian/Pakastani food?
On the positive side, the staff seems pretty friendly and the place seems a bit cleaner than the last time I was there (a few years ago).  I also appreciate the self-serve water cooler.  
I won't be going back.The samosas were decent. The sauce that they serve it with is oddly watered down.  Not really even sure what it's supposed to be.Salt N Pepper never disappoints. I drop in at least once every trip home to New Orleans. 
From the moment you walk in and are greeted with a smile, this terrible little hole-in-the-wall makes wonderful food. Their daal restores me after long days of walking in the Quarter. 
Completely unexpected. We have whole subdivisions in Houston devoted to Indian and Pakistani food; and Salt N Pepper still has the BEST biryani.This place Is my go to when working in the FQ. Its fast, cheap, and the owner/ manager is awesome. Remembered my name after the first visit!!
This place is not going to be the finest middle eastern dining, bit its not supposed to be. But, they use all Hilal meat, have loads of vegetarian dishes and, given the fact that its one of just a few indian/middle eastern joints you can find in NOLA, Salt and Pepper  earns my 5 stars.This place is amazing, have been coming here for years. Friendly service, can help you decide what to order from the pakistani menu. make sure you get some naan to go with your food. bathroom is clean and water is free, and open until late. great place to recharge over some great food and bolywood movies and music videos in the french quarter.Diamond in a rough.  best Indian and middle eastern food ever.  we ate here 4 nights out of our 8 night stay in new orleans.  place needs an upgrade to match their food.A lot of people give Salt N Pepper bad reviews. Maybe they're purists and feel like indian food can only be served in certain places where the decor screams indian and you have an attentive server.
I recently went to  SNP and it was fine. Dont expect fancy, its a hole in the wall with cafeteria/fast food like seating. Indian is served alongside poboys, pizza, and seafood. Yeah, I know that's different, but its near the edge of the FQ.
The prices are ok (about $10 per entree) and my food was tasty. They do charge extra for naan and rice but I ordered the chicken biriyani so I didnt need rice and probably shouldn't have gotten naan, lol. I also tried the samosas and kheer. All were good. I would say try it out for yourself, but I wouldn't mind going back.Oh boy.. where do i start. Firstly, the original Salt n Pepper is CLOSED!!! 
The name changed to something i can neither spell or nor pronounce.... sold to a non-desi older folks.  HOWEVER, these new owners have NO Idea about Indo-Pak food.. she said, "oh.. i dont like Pakistani food... it's too spicy for me" WHAT!!? how the heck would you know what is good/bad/ugly?  Their whole idea about owning/running a restaurant is messed up.  AND Yes, I agree with a lot of Yelpers here, the place IS DIRTY, Nasty... Fixture and furniture are broken, worn out, banged-up, falling apart. We were starving... ordered Biryani couldn't eat... Chicken Tikka Masala, yuck, couldn't eat. Thought of giving it to homeless person but felt guilty doing so.. after all they are also humans and deserve better.  Finally searched for a good seafood place and ate there. $30 gone!  Yet, I wish them well.I have been hungry for Indian food in the French Quarter for more than two decades & was delighted to find Salt n Pepper 2 years ago. On my first visit I made the mistake of thinking they were cooking for tourists & ordered my food very spicy. Oh boy. The food was delicious & made to my order, but I was way too macho. I couldn't  eat it, tho I tried. It really was delicious.
A couple of days,ago I went again & was moderate in my request for heat. I had yellow lentils (dal) with rice & naan. My dining companion had a vegetarian special (paneer), also medium heat. Both were absolutely perfect & authentic (I know only because I have eaten food prepared by a renowned Indian artist named Oommen).
I recommend this restaurant highly, particularly for vegetarians, of which I am one. Delicious food, good selection, reasonable prices. Yeah, it's a hole-in-the-wall, but go for the gold, folks. The food is great!We were on a Road trip from Calif. in late May and were craving for Pakistani food in NO. Googled for a Pak/Indian restaurant and came up with Salt and Pepper. Read some of the mixed reviews but decided to take a chance anyways. Boy I am glad we did. I don't know what these people were eating who wrote the negative reviews. I was really surprised to see an extensive menu especially goat meat items and other authentic dishes. I saw goat liver, goat paya and goat biriyani on the menu and thought what would they be like in New Orleans of all places? Well I did order and what a pleasant surprise. They tasted just like my Mom used to make!! Everything tasted fresh and delish!! The chef name was I believe Aadil and he was very cordial and pleasant. Bottom line is, if you are looking for a place with great ambiance to impress a date, this is not the place for you but if you are looking for a good down home cooking with great authentic Pakistani food, you will not be disappointed, I guaranty you. Not sure about people with taste for Indian food but as you might know Indian food is definitely spiced differently than Pakistani food!!I cannot believe the reviews I read here on Yelp.  Ladies and Gentleman, I am Indian, and I wouldn't eat here again.  We got the Veg and Chicken Biryani. It was clearly microwaved ( we heard the beeps) and it was really just Chicken Curry in between 2 layers of rice and Veg Curry between rice. The rice itself was dyed pink.. any self respecting Indian/Pak place would use saffron instead of Artificial Color. 
Their only saving grace is that they are within walking distance of the french quarter and it was hot food on a cold night.Please avoid dining here if you really want to have Indian cuisine. The experience was pathetic. We ordered veggie / Non-Veg food and what we got it colored gravy and IO mean it with some chunks of veggies /chicken. 
Please avoid bumping into this place if you canMake no mistake, this hilariously named Indian/ Pakistani joint is the real deal. It may not be the center of fine dining in New Orleans, but they food is delicious, the dudes behind the counter are friendly and the food is dirt cheap. 
While I have eaten in better Indian places, these cats aren't far off the mark. The samosas are off the hook and they have a ton of vegetarian options. I don't know if I'd venture onto the "American" side of the menu but all of the Indian dishes are on point. 
Salt N Pepper is defiantly a dive. It's not fancy and it's a little grimy. But what more can you ask for out of a dive than friendly staff and cheap killer food?
FYI: BYO9FR (Bring your own 90s female rap). However, current Indian pop videos are provided.I have lived in Glasgow, Liverpool and Houston -- excellent Indo-Pak food in each.  Salt N Pepper is the best.  That is all ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.Hidden gem in the Quarter - I eat here all of the time (but never from the American side of the menu).  The goat dishes are outstanding.We ended up here the afternoon of Jan 1st coz they were one of the few places open in the French Quarters. The guys working there are really nice. The food is also great and made fresh to order. It definitely took quite a while to get our food since it was just one guy making it all, but it was worth the wait. We ordered bhindi masala, Chana masala and chicken tikka masala. All were excellent. The chicken tikka masala was a tad bit too creamy (more like butter chicken) but was good overall. The bhindi was excellent and the best dish of all. We ordered multiple rotis and naans and they were super delicious and made to perfection. At the end we were craving some Indian sweets to complete our delicious meal and ordered gulab jamun. Delicious again! The best part was that the guys were so nice that they gave us the desserts on the house as it was the beginning of the new year. Not sure why some people have rated it so low, but being Indian I can sure say that the food was darn good!I literally just finished a meal of dal and rice with roti, and I'm so satisfied. This is a really great place for vegans and vegetarians! The cook was really accommodating, as I have a few dietary restrictions, and he was super nice. It's not the prettiest looking restaurant, but the food is GOOD and the people are friendly, and that's all that counts for me :). It's also quite affordable. For $10, you get a ton of food!Honestly, pretty sub-par. Vegetables were completely overcooked and spiced unlike any way I've ever tasted, which is not a good thing. This is a little counter place that tries to do too much: poboys, pizza, lebanese, and indian. Would probably not come back unless I was really desperate. Nice staff, but the end product definitely not worth a visit, and definitely not worth how much they charge.I stopped by for lunch when I was feeling under the weather and enjoyed a delicious bowl of Chana masala and hot chai tea. The staff were welcoming and I appreciated the affordable savory food.We were visiting New Orleans just for a day and our friends who were desperate to Indian food found this place.   When we entered,  this place is a small messy place.  We have to sit very close to the kitchen.  If you look at the kitchen it is so unhygienic.   The guy who washes the plates does not wash his hands before he serves food. I was closely watching the activities in the kitchen which made me sick.  One interesting thing happened, a previous customer left the Rotis or the naan without eating. The cleaning/serving guy took the same and placed on the the big oven.  I kept on watching, one of my friends asked for some extra naan, this guy took the previous customers left over naan gave to my friend.  Be prepared to eat left over food from previous customers if you are desperate to eat Indian food.  
Over all bad food and over priced rates.Food is better than Nirvana's and Taj Mahal's, though that isn't saying much.  The food is drenched in oil and they don't give enough meat with each portion.This is one of my favorite fast lunch places, and you can watch Pakistani satelite TV while eating some good Dal.
Some of the dishes are kind of greasy, but so's most of the food around here, eh?  Let them know how spicy you want it, or if you want something you don't see on the menu that day - the owners/employees are super friendly and happy to accommodate if they can.  They deliver in the Quarter and CBD.
But if you get delivery, you'd have to skip out on watching the Pakistani/Indian music videos.  Ok, so around lunch time, there's often FANTASTIC music videos on, which include scenes from old movies.  I'm enthralled.  The colors, the music, the romance of bollywood-style dance numbers...
Salt N Pepper is apparently a typical name for restaurants back in Pakistan, according to some guys from Lahore who were here studying our energy infrastructure (yeah - they have even worse infrastructure than us).  They were happy to find this place.  It gave them some familiarity far from home.  
But they also serve typical tourist/drunk Quarter food - po boys, pizzas, fried stuff.  I've never ordered that, because why would I do that when there's goat curry?  Other than the satellite TV, the atmosphere is yellow-booths in an off-brand fast-food style.  
But oh my, that satellite TV is entrancing.  I seriously can't look away the whole time.Update: I haven't been back, but I literally crave this place ALL THE TIME. When I go back to NOLA, Salt N Pepper is going to be my first stop. It's really rare that a restaurant will have such an impact on me. lol.I would not recommend this place if you are looking specifically for Indian/Pakistani cuisine. there are better choices. That being said, if you are already in quarters and in mood for some south Asian food go for it.
Used to order from here a lot while working in French quarter. They deliver as well so that was one of the motivating factors.