Had the hot sausage po-boy.  Not very good.  Not recommended.  Dry.Best food, best quantities, best prices, best lunch specials!!  Its a must for lunch and great for breakfast. Almost everything can be eaten in two parts and for the price its more than worth it. My favorites: the seafood stuffed catfish, club salad and the fried redfish!   Delicious!!So I have to admit, I wanted breakfast and was headed to Waffle House when I stumbled on this place.  It was really busy and I'm nosey so I figured I'd go see why everyone was going over there.  I am soooooo glad I did!!!! Mother's Restaurant used to be my favorite restaurant....sorry guys, you have been replaced.  The portions hereare soon large and the food is to die for.  This is not just great cajun/creole food but fabulous Southern food too.  Everything was to die for from the turnip greens to the potato salad to the banging catfish and stuffed shrimp.  I could go here everyday of the week for a month and have something different.  They're busy and there is a line but it moves quickly.  We live in the world of technology so look at the menu on the way so you know what you want as soon as you get in the line...your fellow customers will thank you.  You have to try Sammy's!Went here today for a birthday lunch Great service delicious food friendly environment
Recommend that u try Angus steak 16oz freaking amazingLet me tell you something, if you want a nicely dressed oyster po-boy or a HUGE seasoned and well cooked burger or a plate of fall-off-the-bone short ribs seasoned to perfection - go to Sammy's.  To look at this place, you never would think they had an entire array of foods offered.  And everything was good.
What others say is right - this place is nothing fancy, but the food is good!Today I stopped in during the lunch rush and had surprisingly fast service with a packed house. The food was wonderful of course! Catfish, mac and Cheese and jambalaya, my usual! It was way better this time seems like.
They also have a new televised menu set up.. All types of coolness!If you're looking for ambience this place isn't for you. The Sandwiches are off the chain though. Must try's are the Poboy and the Rayray. Just amazingI had the roast beef po-boy. It tasted pretty good but it was way too sloppy to eat. If you don't mind sloppy it's a pretty good sandwich. It didn't come with fries either, so don't forget to order fries. If you try to order them after you get your food, you won't get them before you finish eating.This place has a good menu, I tried the Catfish Poboy on my first visit just today.  It was yummy!  If you're in the area or not, this place is definitely worth stopping in.Had a catering order for a group from out of town.  Everyone loved it.  The Cajun Fried Chicken was to die for (especially the next morning after some late night drinking).  My group loved the Baked Macaroni, Crawfish Monica, and Jambalaya.  Called up Sammy ahead of time; he and his wife were able to help me devise a custom menu for my party.  No complaints, food was delivered hot and on time.  Fantastic choice to order food for my party from here.OMG this food is sooooooo amazing.  I fell into a food coma mid way through finishing my food.  We ordered Cajun chicken tenders and fries and a Cajun turkey club and Mac and cheese.  The chicken tenders were fried to perfection and were definitely homemade not frozen.  And the club had boars head turkey.  It was so delicious and so reasonably priced. Please Please Please go to Sammys whenever you're in the New Orleans area.My family took a quick visit to New Orleans and would not have happened across this place if not for a recommendation in a travel guide. The book said that a visit here was worth the cost of a rental car (as the location is not in the heart of the city with all the tourist stuff), and that made me take notice. Since we did have a car, we opted to head to Sammy's for lunch. Hello, delicious. My husband and I split a Ray-Ray, since that sandwich was specifically recommended. If I'd been blindly perusing the menu, I would not have picked it out myself, but it was amazing. Fried chicken breast with a flavorful crispy coating, topped with a pile of ham and swiss cheese. And the thing was HUGE!
The menu in the restaurant seems more extensive than the menu online. There were definitely more options for sides. We shared orders of baked beans, candied yams, and cornbread dressing. I wasn't a big fan of the cornbread dressing, but I wouldn't say it was bad. Just not to my taste, I guess. The baked beans had a good smoky flavor, and the yams were very tasty. Unfortunately you can't try to rationalize the yams as a healthy vegetable choice, because you just know there's a ton of butter and sugar in there making them more dessert than anything (yum).
I'm dinging the place at least one star based on the bathroom. Some may find that unfair, given how much I enjoyed the food, but it's part of the experience. The bathroom was so musty and moldy smelling, it made me gag. There were a couple of air fresheners in there that were absolutely useless against the stench. (Truth be told, I could not smell them at all. I had to visually confirm the presence of air fresheners.) It was like hurricane flood waters had sat in there stagnant and it hadn't been cleaned since. It's a testament to the food that I could go back out and finish my sandwich afterward. The rest of the restaurant is swamp-stink free and seems like it was cleaned and restored well, so I'm not sure why the bathroom was so different.
Go to Sammy's, enjoy the food, don't use the restroom.Sammy's is one of my fav places!!! The food is fantastic! I worked at Habitat next door to it so i was a frequent visitor. There is nothing that I've tasted that has been bad. My fav is the blackened stuffed catfish with shrimp and crab cream sauce. The blue cheese dressing is to die for!It was a delight to visit this restaurant... Heard abt it on a food review, so when we took a trip to New Orleans it was on our list of places to try. Wow!!! Is all I can say. The atmosphere was comfortable & service was excellent... We made it back for several meals while we were there. Meet Gina & Katie the owners and you couldn't ask for a warmer New Orleans welcome. Can't wait till we go back jst to eat there again. We loved, loved, loved everything about it.
You have to try it..Great New Orleans cuisine at reasonable prices. Portions are large, prices reasonable and service is very good. Gumbo is excellent, bread fresh - just what you expect in a neighborhood restaurant. There is parking in the lot behind.Got the 3 egg omelet with bacon, hash browns and toast for $5.99. Mannnnn, that's a killer deal. Omelet was good too. Came at the right time when it wasn't busy; about 10 o'clock on a Friday. The workers were nice and helpful. Enjoyed the breakfast so much came back during lunch and got the Ray Ray poboy which is a fried boneless chicken breast with ham, Swiss cheese and fully dressed and it was good. Tried the peach cobbler for dessert. It wasn't the best I've had but it was far from the worst. I definitely will be coming back here.This is my favorite restaurant for seafood.  The seafood stuff shrimp and seafood stuff catfish are delicious. My only complaint is the business hours.  I really wish this place stayed open later.We happened into this place after doing the Old New Orleans Rum tour.  WHAT A FIND!!!  Try the homemade spicy sausage po boy. Sooooo good!  As is the roast beef po-boy.Sammy's has THE BEST traditional southern style breakfast that I've ever had in NOLA. I ordered the American breakfast I think for 5.99. It was AMAZING, I was amazed at the amount of food. My dish came with grits, bacon, eggs and toast. 
The breakfast was so good, I had to return for lunch. My husband and I were still full from breakfast but wanted to try the RayRay so we ordered the 6in to share. Now let me give a disclaimer, I am not a fan of "messy" or "busy" poboys. I prefer either the shrimp poboy or the chicken poboy or just a plan ham and cheese poboy. The thought of putting chicken, ham and Swiss cheese on 1 sandwich makes me a little nervous BUT the hubs wanted to try it so I did!   I was YUMMERS!!!! . I'm ordering it again!!!! 
Take away: VISIT SAMMY's you will not regret it. Oh yeah... the parking sucksThe best thing in there menu is the soup. Can't go wrong with it. The portions are very large and we like the po boys as well but the soup is what we love.BLUF:  Great down home food for good price. Huge portion with a good price.
I work near by sometimes and heard got things so we went for lunch about 1230.  it was really crowded.  Order at the counter and they'll call your number.  Line moves pretty quickly and your number will be called in a reasonable amount of time.
They have a long list of specials.  Once I saw chicken fried steak I stopped looking.  It came with 2 pieces and both of pretty good size and the perfect amount of gravy.  Each piece was big enough for a meal so was really happy to have gotten 2.  It was reallly great.  Great gravy too.  I got it with fries which were from a frozen bag.  Get something else.  I also got the candied yams which were amazing.  Not sure how fresh it was  but it was dang good.  They have a lot of sides and I'd like to try them all.
My coworkers got the greens and hot sausage; and gumbo.  They liked their food a lot.  
My meal was fantastic for a good price.  Good southern menu and fast(ish).  I'll def be back.Inexpensive poboy and plate lunch spot. Good specials and burgers.Poboys to stuffed shrimp and everything in between. Sammy's offers specials daily and some of the best poboy's around. The Roast Beef Poboy is garlic stuffed, the Ray Ray is insanely good. The platers have never displeased me and the sides are killer! Over all Sammy's offers a taste of New Orleans cooking and some great specialties and should be enjoyed by all. 
Go before 11:30 or after 1:30 if you don't want to wait in line, but it is rare to not see a line in this place.Great food, great service, and a nice environment. The white beans and rice with smoked sausage was beyond what I expected by far. Ive had some good beans and sausages but this place topped it. And I just tried what my girlfriend ordered, I was already full. That really says something.Definitely get your money's worth. Got the cajun fried chicken wings with 2 sides (mac & cheese and the mustard greens) with a piece of french bread for $7.99! the sweet tea mixed with the lemonade is fantastic. Other than being blinded by all the flat screens this place is nice. The sides were GREAT but the chicken, I have to admit I was a little disappointed. I was expecting it to just explode with flavor but it barely had salt on it and it was a little undercooked. I had it on good authority (JARED!!!) that I just had to try this place, and usually he knows what he's talking about. I just have to try something else when I go, but I have to admit I'll definitely be back! The menu had any and everything you could imagine, so many decisions too little time...
Hope this lemon crumb cake is good. My friend got the red velvet cheesecake and loved it so much I thought she was gonna need a moment alone! She also got the mac and cheese but got the jambalaya and said it was good. She also had the stuffed crab cakes and said they were divine as well.. she's kind-of-a food whore so trust me if she said it's good it MUST be! Went today around 2pm and the place was busy but not packed..best to avoid the rush!My husband and I visited Sammy's 8 months ago and we still talk about how great the food was! I can't wait to travel from Atlanta to New Orleans just for some amazing foodA solid 4.5 and thank goodness Herb and Jerome at our hotel made this recommendation .  Got the fried Chicken w Jambalaya and Beans and Rice and a side of corn bread.  Wife got the shrimp pasta.
Wow is all that I can say for it all and had the service been top notch , I would probably have given this place a 5 ; however a local actually showed us where to find the specials.  Anyway this review is about food and I would have to say this was hands down the best I had in New Orleans . The Jambalaya had really good flavor . It was a little drier than I like but really tasty.  The fried Chicken hands down the Best, these folks can Fry Chicken .  The corn bread was good , sweet and moist .  I do like my corn bread a little more mealy ; however this one was probably 50/50 flour vs corn meal and they probably add a little honey before baking . The shrimp pasta with cream sauce was amazing too.  Full of flavor , creamy and delicious.  This is a must try if you ever make it to N O and want to be wowed by food .  Im sure if the customer service was upped a few notches this place would be all of 5 stars and some .I wish I lived closer to this place. Everything tastes really fresh, and different. The staff is really patient and appreciative of the costumers. The stuffed catfish, sriracha shrimp poboy, chowder, white chocolate banana bread pudding are a must have  i'm hungry for moreThis place is always pack for lunch. Their food here that I have tried is pretty good. When I first order here first thing I notice was the price. It's not cheap but not expensive. But when I got my food, it was worth it! They give you plenty of food for the money you pay. The only thing that sucks is the parking. They only have parking for like 5-6 cars the rest of us have to park on the side street if you can find space. Again lunch time is always busy, so go before or after to have a parking space.After seeing an article on Facebook about the top 10 po-boys in New Orleans, I figured I better check some of them out. Actually, I think the article may have been the 10 Po-Boys You Must Try, or something like that, so not really positive it was the 10 best. My first visit was to Sammy's Food Service & Deli.
They have a very extensive menu with a variety of items, but I went for the recommended "Ray-Ray," which is southern fried chicken breast, grilled ham and Swiss cheese. While the sandwich was recommended, I wasn't sure what to do on size, so just spent the extra $2 on the large. Note to self (and other): Don't spend the extra two bucks on the large. My lord; it is a giant sandwich. I ate half and was still stuffed. I do think the other half will work cold, so brought it home. Overall, an interesting and tasty sandwich. I'm not sure I'll rush back to get another, but definitely willing to try some other items there. As far as food, I'll give it a 28 out of 50.
The atmosphere here was decent. It is what it is, a basic deli where you order at the counter and wait for your number to be called. They have a fair amount of seating, but it's basically a no-frills place. Atmosphere is 20 out of 30.
The service was decent. It took a little bit to get my food; I would say almost a half hour. They were quite busy and I believe also had a logjam of chicken orders. But overall, no real issues. Service is 12 out of 20.
Final score = 60. (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).Good food ,a little high prices on some items.The service is a little slow,but the food is worth the wait.The menu is kinda hard to read on a flat screen tv but you can manage,the roast beef poboy and burgers and stuffed shrimp are all real good and the fried food is not greasy and fried right.Whenever my uncles come in town this one place they cannot pass up. #PoBoys #PoBoys #PoBoys. And they are always crowded.No frills.  At all.  Don't come in here expecting table service or anything remotely fancy.  Everything is self-serve, from drinks to picking up your order when they call your number.  Think a small step up from a gas station- kind of like "Danny and Clydes." As far as atmosphere is concerned- zero old-school charm- this isn't Parkway Bakery. It's not pretending to be anything else, so I refuse to knock off points for this.
There's a tip jar, which I used, but I didn't get any pressure to do so.  The guy running around bussing the tables deserves a little something. 
Walk up, order, and do it fast because they're hustling and there are a ton of people behind you waiting to order.  The menu is on giant flat screen TV's, so you can see it well in advance of ordering. The clientele is a mix of all races and income levels getting down with their food.  We waited a while, but the place was absolutely slammed, as it was Saturday at lunch.  Despite an appropriate wait, everything moved smoothly and they certainly can handle a big crowd.   
I took my dad there and he can be difficult to impress, especially when it comes to po-boys.  He ordered the roast beef, dressed, and was a very happy man indeed.  That po-boy was sloppy and well made, very tasty.  He raved about it all day- no easy feat.
I'd heard about this Ray-Ray po-boy (thankfully NOT named after that nightmare of a so-called mayor we suffered through.) I ordered it and was more than impressed.  Wow!  Perfectly crisp tender fried chicken breast with a ton of thinly sliced ham and the perfect amount of melted mozzarella on french.  Washed it down with a Barq's creme soda.  Incredible.
We ordered a couple of sides- I took a chance and ordered jambalaya, which was about average- not a lot of meat.  However, the cornbread dressing was very, very good.
All in all, a great place to come in and stuff your face with some good po-boys.Been to Sammys many times since my first review and have never been disappointed.  Today, I ventured outside of my usual orders of assorted sea creatures and opted for a burger.  And what a good choice that was!
The burgers are all 3/4 lb beef burgers with different toppings. I got the burger of the day, which was topped with A1, grilled onions, and cheddar cheese. First, the burger is huge. It comes on a giant bun and still sticks off the sides. It was juicy and covered with an ample amount of toppings. The highlight may be the bun though. It almost tasted like a good soft pretzel. So damn good.  Consider ordering one if you've already had your fill of things that swim.Hands down THE BEST Hot Roast Beef Po Boy with debris gravy that I've eaten in NOLA... and I've had what were supposed to be "the best" from all the "famous places"!  They do not even compare to Sammy's in my opinion!  
I'd go with fully dressed and Swiss cheese!  It's got enough rich gravy as to not be sloppy, but soaks into the Po Boy bread just right...  the Swiss Cheese melting a bit from the heat of the meat and gravy... combined with the fresh lettuce, tomato, pickle and mayo just makes for a perfect sandwich!  And this is no cheap roast beef either!  Whole roasts... roasted and sliced on site! 
I could not tell if they use Leidenheimer loaves for sure... but if not... they are just as good!  The bread is PERFECT!  A bit crusty on the outside... soft on the inside... with just the "right amount of chew"!
There are lots of other good meals to be had here for sure...  But I come for the Po Boys!Where to start... The po-boys:  The 'Ray Ray' may be one of the most delicious things I've ever put in my mouth.  The chicken was fried to perfection and the ham was so tender and moist.  Hot sausage po-poy was solid, as well as the Bayou Brisket.  Where this place really gets me is the daily specials.  Stuffed catfish, shrimp, ribs and the mac n cheese are sooo good.  There is always a line, but the service is quick!  The menu is so extensive and everything is so good, it's hard to choose!Seriously, the food here is AMAZINGLY good! If you want a taste of real New Orleans cooking, get out of the quarter and head here! Take a cab if you have to. The portions are huge even for NOLA so plan on sharing if you're a light water. Also, bring a sweater as it does get cold and apparently usually is according to family that frequent the place.Every time I visit home, I make it a point to stop at Sammy's. Even before I get to put my bags down. I've been coming to Sammie's for years...almost 8. It never fails that I stop there to get my po-boys which is always cooked fresh and made to order. I get their shrimp po-boy all the time and the shrimp are hot and crispy. There are other favorites on the menu, but for my first visit and depending on how long my trip is I have to get the po-boy first and foremost. If you plan to stop by during lunch time, beware because it gets crowded very quickly with limited parking options. I try to get there before 11:20a. If you're trying to get away from the tourist traps and restaurants, Sammy's is definitely convenient and away from the tourist spots whether you Uber it or have a rental or friendly transportation. Always reliable in quenching my craving for a good po boy.I decided to go here Friday (April 3, 2015) and let me tell yah honey, this place was sooo busy!!! I was shocked because even though this place were busy as heck, people with to go orders were receiving their food in a reasonable time. I was blown away. Okay, now on to what I ordered. I ordered the stuff catfish with mac n cheese and sweet potatoes with that off the chain sweet sweet fruit punch! My stuffed fish was delicious. It tasted fresh, and the stuffing inside and on top was just really good. Very flavorful and just good. My macaroni was really good and tasted like they took their time ti make it. Just really cheesy and good. My sweet potato candid yams was good to. I love sweet potatoe so they was good at Hello! Overall everything was delicious and i really enjoyed myself. I will be back, however parking may be an issue for folks because there seems to be maybe three parking spots in front the place and the other spots are for other companies so try not to park in the other parking spots cause your vehicle will get towed! I parked on the side!Really flavorful red beans and rice, got it with smoked sausage... OMG yum!!! The service was pleasant but they have one cashier who also hands out the food meanwhile four people in the back Cooking.  The cashier gets behind and they only have spoons which makes eating a sausage a bit tricky...Really good cajun/creole food, filled with a steady flow of locals (this northerner was blessed to have friends who knew about this place and took me). Seafood stuffed mirliton (my first time trying this squash-like veggie) was excellent. Generous w/ side dishes. Prices pretty good, though a tad pricier than Gentilly Spicy Kitchen (ugly place, awesome food). The broccoli & rice side dish was good. The chunk of baguette was tasteless and no one in my party of 6 ate it. But still, why not 5 stars? Normally, a single bad side dish wouldn't cost a whole star, but in this case, it's jambalaya fer cryin' out loud. In any other city, I wouldn't be so harsh, but for NOLA, it's a crime. It was really dry and bland, just like the jambalaya I get up north. Nonetheless, 4 stars is pretty good, and I'm looking forward to going back and trying the rest of the menu...and if the jambalaya is better, then I'll upgrade the rating.We were waiting for a tour to start and needed to get a quick bite to eat. As we wandered along Frenchmen St we took a turn and found Sammy's. Luck was on our side again because we beat the lunch crowd by 15 minutes.
I have not had a Shrimp Poboy ($6.99) yet in NOLA so I went for it. My wife had a Super Tuna Salad ($6.99) (it was more like a super large tuna salad). The sandwich was a good choice. The salad was good as well. We were considering something else on the menu but were pressed for time and had to walk there.
This must be the place for lunch around here. A true indicator is the sheer number of patrons seated and(waitng to place their orders) lining all the way out the door. There were many of NOs' finest amongst the multitudes who were dining here. Usually the PD know the better spots.
This was definitely a good find. They have been on the Food Network too.
76/100Flavorful Roast Beef. This one was enjoyable despite the very hard bread, and is the most tender that I've tried of the sliced meat variety. Love the place, and will be back.Absolutely amazed at how amazing the food is. Ordered roast beef poboy and half cheeseburger. Yummy!! Keep up the fantastic work as well as amazing workers.Sammy's breakfast always a mousy when I come back home to New Orleans. Their lunch is just as amazing I recommend the roast beef. Check em out.Just want to add another thing about the greatest neighborhood lunch place in the city...they also do very affordable catering...We got 3 gallons of Mac and Cheese (which went instantly and was universally agreed that it was the best M&C anyone had ever had, 3 gallons of Jambalaya (homemade sausage is so good) and 15 pounds of fresh roast beef with au jus and pistolettes...all enough to feed a happily drunk crowd for under $300.The fried shrimp po-boy is a really safe bet. The shrimp is perfectly battered.Great home cooked food fast.  Updated daily specials worth the price. Only con is parking and dining area space.Our group of guys had a case of the munchies after taking down (probably) a bit too much rum at the nearby Old New Orleans distillery, so we stopped by here to grab a bite before resuming the bachelor party(ing). The seating itself isn't much of anything - it's quite casual, with tables scattered about, along with some barstools lining the windows - but you're not coming here for the divey decor nor the beer selection, but the awesome sandwiches they had. Given that we had dinner in a few hours and didn't want to ruin our appetite too much ahead of time, we decided to split a Ray Ray (which we were told was a great sandwich). It definitely looks like an imposing sandwich, but that's in large part due to the baguette it's served on - which is relatively airy and not as dense as I had initially feared. What's great is the deliciousness on the inside - I think there must be something baked into the fried chicken, because it tasted a heck of a lot better than most I've had. The grilled ham was a bit less prominent, but it provided a nice contrast to the fried chewiness of the fried breast. And even though I'm not a proponent of Swiss cheese by any means, it's the perfect cheese to hold this sandwich together - it's a bit lighter than something like cheddar, and the harder flavor works well against the savoriness of the rest of the sandwich.
The only thing I wasn't quite a big fan of was the wait time - we definitely waited quite a while for what I figured was a standard menu item - but aside from that, it was a rockin' delicious meal, and I would like to thank the patrons for putting up with a rowdy, semi-drunk group of 20-somethings in the middle of the afternoon. Although it's not close to the touristy spots of New Orleans, I'd make my way out here again to try out another Ray Ray or another one of (what looked like) their delicious sandwiches.If you are visiting New Orleans, or live here, and don't head out to Gentilly too often, this is worth the trip.  Car or bike is needed, even though it is only 2 -3 miles out of the Quarter, but I would hitch-hike rather than forgo a lunch here.
Pretty nondescript, in fact I lived a mile away without ever stopping in because tasty po' boy shops are a dime a dozen around here, or so I thought.  If it wasn't for a terrible hangover one day, I may never have been so lucky to stumble in to this gem.
Basically, it's the best neighborhood food I've tasted in this city, which is saying a lot.  They only serve fresh food, nothing ever frozen, so your seafood platters will be top notch.  The lunches, served with 2 sides (a must is a mac and cheese) range up to $12, and for that you can get fresh catfish stuffed with shrimp and crawfish, or 2 fresh fried trout.
The Po' boys, like everywhere in my opinion demand extra mayo be ordered, but the size of the deep fried and breaded pork chop po' boy may frighten the light eater.;
Do what you can to get there, when you look in, the size of the crowd, and the dozen undercover cops and detectives who are always lunching there will let you know  that you made a worthwhile trip. Our officers have their ups and downs, but food choice is something you can trust them on.  The mirliton soup, anything fried, the red beans with veal...really you can't go wrong.Four stars for consistency. Everytime I come to this place it never fails me. Is the food amazing? No. But is it good? Yes. I like going to a place and not having to guess whether it's gonna be okay today and then tomorrow turn around and be mediocre. And that's what you can expect from Sammy's. Consistency. Haven't tried their hot food yet, but their po boys are pretty tasty and their salads are huge. Great neighborhood place to go if your looking for a satisfying meal.Love the Po boys here! Shrimp is my favorite! They have crawfish, crab and oysters. Everything is made fresh and the Decor is no nonsense. Simple but good! The bread is fabulous and the gumbo is kickin!
They were even featured on the food channel on Guy's show!First time eating here. We ordered the shrimp pasta, stuffed mirliton, stuffed bell pepper and cheese burger. Everything was good along with nice portions! If I could offer a tip, place an order if you are taking out. The food was worth the wait and I will definitely be trying them again.This is the place to stuff your face and pay for it later.  The pain is worth it.  The stuffed shrimp, pork roast, poboys... oh-me-oh-my!!!!  Long lines at lunch time, but this food is as good and New Orleans as it gets!This was my first visit here and with no doubt Sammy's Greek Salad is pretty kickin'. It has what it should have on it and no more. The feta dressing was fabulous.  The lady i came with  ordered a salad with fried shrimp and gave me a few pieces. Wow. Cooked just right.  She even had enough left over to give to her friend for lunch. That's how big the portions are.  Price is right, place is clean, service is friendly.  I'll definitely come back and bring a friend.When Venturing Out GOES WRONG... If I could give this place negative stars, I would. Food can be decent, but if the customer service (especially if it comes from the Manager) is horrible, then it's not worth it. The Manager was argumentative, rude and disrespectful. Must be her personality because we saw her act in the same manner to another set of customers.  But honestly, how is it that I show you on my receipt what I order and you still try to argue with me that my order isn't wrong?!?!?This is a solid lunch place. I didn't get a po-boy, and maybe that's why I wasn't blown away. They did look awesome.
I did have the fried pork chop, hoping that it was as good as Dunbar's. It was not, but it was still, again, a solid fried pork chop. The sides are nothing spectacular. They are reheated in single-serving sizes and set on the plate. Rice and gravy had pretty good flavor. 
It is a very clean location, the staff is efficient, and it's convenient if you have to hit Lowe's for home improvement supplies after. The AC is very cold, too, so if you are sensitive to that, bring a sweater. I'm going to try the place again for po-boys and maybe I'll give it more stars on my next review.Decent food for sure, looking for a new place to buy "crawfish Monica" though since this place wants to charge the cost of soda for a little cup of tap water. It's odd that they would rather lose a customer who spends 15 bucks a week there over a water cup.Went to an event that had food catered from Sammy's.  I must say it was delish!  The fried seafood was fresh crispy and hot.
The best thing we had was the special sandwich called the Ray Ray!  -- Fried chicken, ham, and cheese -- killer! I need to get over to this restraunt and try out their other items.Sammy's is the kind of place you would never pick out of a crowd. It sits unassumingly on Elysian Fields nestled closely to all the finest of fast food and gas stations, however, inside lies some of the greatest lunch delights! 
Since I work nearby, Sammy's is my go to lunch spot when I "forget" to bring my own for the day. They have a rather extensive menu including sandwiches, poboys, soups, salads, sides, and entrees. All of it is delicious! I have had most of the food options here and everything has been excellent, which makes it hard to pick my favorite but I will try:
1. Grilled Shrimp Poboy. Sammy's knows how to cook shrimp! I am super picky about shrimp and most places overcook them, but Sammy's can do it right. Tender with blackened spice on the outside. For the longest time Sammy's only offered fried shrimp, which are also amazing, but the grilled shrimp bring it home!
2. Roast Beef Poboy. Best on Friday's ;) when it's extra sinful. Fully dressed, it can come to my lunch party any time. 
3. Housemade Thousand Island Dressing. I know it seems silly to point out the dressing for a salad, but this stuff is amazing. I don't even like thousand island dressing, but I would put theirs on anything. 
4. Ray Ray. A fried chicken with ham, yes. I believe this poboy has won a couple of awards in town, and it is deserving.
Beyond the food, Sammy's enders itself to me because of the take no guff cashiers. Sammy's is an order at the counter place, and the lines get long. These gals hustle, but don't try to get sassy... I've seen some interesting conversations at the counter, and for some this may be a deterrent but I love me some lunch time antics! Also, since lunch time can get crazy I suggest ordering beforehand for pick up. You will have to wait in the line to pay, but it saves you the wait. 
On another note, the parking here has gotten to be crazy since the Waffle House opened next door, so I would suggest going a block down one of the side streets to save the headache of almost running someone over.This place came as an initial shocker. Excellent venue for BOTH breakfast AND lunch. 
The portion size of their entrees is ALWAYS satisfying so nothing seems out of its price range. Haven't had anything bad from there honestly. Easy to place phone orders or if you have some time on your hands, I recommend you sit down and eat! If things aren't too busy, the cashier will bring your food out to you when its ready. 
Recommendations: 
Fried Chicken PoBoy (LITERALLY the BEST Fried Chicken PoBoy your body will ever consume) 
Sammy's Big Easy Breakfast (the pancakes were surprisingly tasty and you definitely get the most bang for your buck with ANY of the breakfast entrees).So slow we had to leave without our to go order. Unbelievable--waited 45 min for 5 po-boys. At 2:30 in empty place. This after telling them we were in a hurry, taking food to friends who were moving.  HORRIBLE service. Never again.Excellent brunch! Although the line outside was terribly long yesterday. A 45mjns wait was more like 1.5hour. In any event, the food esp shrimp and grits was totally worth it!This place is near perfect. Granted a little high for lunch, but who cares when they have such a large selection to shove into your piehole. It's a heavenly place, and they have a huge special list every day. I would go for one of those. I had a stuffed catfish special which was amazing. Also don't forget the mac and cheese, if there is one unhealthy carbohydrate you should be stuffing into your body it is that. I'm going to go here again and again. Seafood is fresh, service is good and quick, and the interior is actually kind of hip. You know a place is good when you come across politicians, including some folks who ran for congress last election, stuffing there faces with seafood.I eat here all the time. It's cheap, easy to get to, and has a good variety. But I've noticed some things don't have as much flavor as they once did. Or maybe I'm just sobering up to it. Also some days food is just better than the day before, but what makes this place great is the staff is happy to share that information with you.I went here because one of my friends told me about this place.
I am glad he recommended because this place was fantastic! The stuffed catfish was excellent,The prices were very reasonable. Its no wonder this place draws such a crowd. I see this place appeared on the food network. That should tell you something. This is one of the best seafood places here in New Orleans! The only negative thing was the customer service was so-so.Yummmmm.   Service is typical NOLA with attitude.  But the place was clean and the AC was on full blast and the food was on temp.  One if the drinks possible is RED koolaid with lots of sugar!  I really enjoyed the meatball with red gravy.  Any sandwich with chelsie ham was amazing.   A tip is to call in your order and you can skip the line.Sammy's has a huge menu and mostly everything tastes great. This place will be around for a lond time. You might want to call your order in over the phone if you are doing takeout. I was surprised at how well they manage the crowd they had. It is a great lunch place. don't know if they are open for dinner. The stuff crab cakes will make you come back again.We ordered Sammy's for lunch through Waitr. It arrived fresh and very promptly. 
The catfish poboy was much better than the roast beef. Both had fresh bread and dressed with crisp lettuce and nice tomatoes. The fish was well cooked but the light batter had no seasoning which made it a bit bland.  The roast beef was substantial but a bit tough, very little gravy and lacked flavor. It's not the sloppy beef that's been ruminating in rich gravy for hours or days. 
A solid showing, I'd order again.When I was a teenager, my dad used to come home with plates full of shrimp and fish. It was the most delicious baked/fried fish I'd ever eaten. Besides the fondest memory, the most recent was a shrimp po-boy - which if you don't know, is a classic New Orleans favorite! (Yes, we loves the seafoods ) 
I feel that in a New Orleans restaurant, one of the key elements that makes or breaks a good review from a foodie is how delicious your seafood options are. They can range from a shrimp po-boy on french, to a seafood platter filled with all of your heart's desires.
Needless to say, I've visited this business over 5 times within the last week! I've even had the pleasure of introducing my boyfriend to Sammie's. He likes to order the fried chicken po-boy, dressed with no pickles or onions, and an order of fries. 
After ordering ahead, we pulled up to Sammie's like any other random day to pick up our food. (Tip: at this point, it's better to order your food before you come. This way, you can pick up your order and head out of the door. Anyone who wants to dine in should avoid busy times during the busiest days.) Talk about no place to park! We arrived and parked one spot over from the official parking for Sammie's but was told we couldn't park there for fear of violation, and as a result, towing of car. Now we'd parked here before because every time we've come, it has been to pick up and leave. After waiting 20 minutes for an order than should've been ready 15 minutes before arrival, my boyfriend comes back to the car infuriated. There was one person working behind the counter....at one of the busiest times....of one of the busiest days....not good for business. Now that one person has to take dine-in orders, carry-out orders, issue pick-up orders, and keep up with who each order belongs to.
Long story long, I'd recommend visiting on a weekday before 3pm or on the weekend after noon. Otherwise, be prepared to play lookout (making sure your car isn't towed), and the most patient person on Earth.Was willing to give Sammy's another shot as they were the only place on a Tuesday I could get a soft shell crab poboy on the way back to St. Louis. Well this was a huge mistake, yes the poboy was huge and yes the crab were large but it was fried horribly. The crabs were overcooked, dry as a chip to the point where they had no flavor. The breading was the worst, so thick that it was more like batter and once again took away from the tender flavor of a soft shell crab. Oh how far this place has fallen. UGH!!Our penultimate trip to New Orleans yielded a stop at Sammy's.  After reading the reviews and watching "DDD," we were astonished by the food and service!!  I had the shrimp po' boy dressed, and it was tasty.  My wife had the stuffed catfish which was seasoned extremely well...blackening seasoning is amazing, especially on catfish!!Great place to eat when you don't feel like cooking... I love the fried catfish as well as the stuffed militon...also if you visit this place tried the stuffed catfish....I came here with some friends and was very pleased. We had no trouble getting a table at lunch time. There were 6 of us. Our servers were very nice and didn't mind is splitting the bill.  We got a variety of dishes. Some of my friends got the seafood eggplant and the white beans. I got the grilled redfish with a side salad which was huge. Almost a meal in itself. Each of the entrees includes two sides. For appetizers we split some soups, tomatoes and merliton, and some stuffed shrimp. All of it was yummy. The tomato soup was good enough that it could have even been a pasta sauce on its own. 
The portion sizes are large. I couldn't eat all my food. So it became dinner. Like I said before, the salad was huge and it was nice and green and most importantly cold.  My fish was a good size fillet which filled most of the plate.  And it came with French bread to sop up the delicious cream sauce. My friends white beans came with a fried pork chop. The bowl of beans was big. 
I didn't have a chance to sample the eggplant. Everyone who got it either ate it all or was saving the rest for dinner. But they said it was delicious. 
This place gets crowded very fast. There was a constant line at the counter for take out. But it moved fast. And the size of the poor boys I saw were huge and well stuffed.This is a simple place with delicious food. Prices are decent, and portions are big. The fried shrimp were outstanding! The Mac and cheese was so good. The Ray-Ray was the perfect combination of flavors. There was nothing that we did not enjoy. Halfway through the meal we started talking about what we wanted to get the next time we eat at Sammys- that's the sign of a good restaurant!From Nola and this was my 1st time stopping by. Staff was very nice in being informative about the menu. I had the 10 inch homemade hot sausage and boy it didn't disappoint.. i am looking forward to coming back when i come back home again...    2 thumbs upI have eaten there a few times. I liked the sweet potato pancake plenty. It was huge.Had the roast beef po-boy.  Very good.  Will be back to try the hot sausage po-boy which I hear is excellent.Parking is kind of hard to come by and you will wait in line, but it's worth it!  I ordered the shrimp po-boy which was generously loaded with shrimp.  Had to take some off to fit the sandwich in my mouth.  My husband ordered some monstrous burger and a side of gumbo.  Best gumbo we had!  The kids ordered the mac and cheese and my daughter kept raving about how good it was.  Really thought she was exaggerating...until we tried a bite.  Definitely worth stopping by Sammy's if you're in the neighborhood!I had the baby back ribs, baked macaroni, and potato salad. The ribs not only fell off the bone but were delicious so was the potato salad. I wasn't doing back flips over the baked macaroni which actually tasted like mac n cheese (not everyone makes it like grandma). 
Here's a few tips:
If you're ordering to go call your order in ahead of time.
If you're eating there bring your patience because this place fills up fast.
Oh and there's parking in the back!
Don't worry the food is worth the wait. 
Good job guys!