First time in New Orleans. 
This place was recommended by a coworker, and it w as excellent! A half portion is perfect for lunch, and the food is off the wall good! Raspberry tea is real raspberry....the service was excellent, waitress was friendly, and made good suggestions when asked about what was best on the menu. 
Would I go back? Yep. Small place, but well worth it.I will keep this short and sweet. 
Sassafras has a very great selection of creole and soul food. It is located near the Lakefront in New Orleans. I am a little concerned that there are no reviews. This place has outstanding food. This is one of few Soulfood restaurants in the Gentilly area. 
Here's a quick rundown:
The baked and fried chicken are wonderful!
Yams are awesome! 
The grilled shrimp salad is delicious!
Mac & cheese uhmm so so
Gumbo is not very exciting! 
Sunday Brunch is wonderful... Creole Omelets
Daily specials are available. Check them out even if you are not in the neighborhood...This is our second time at sassafras. The first time we were meeting someone and the food was great along with customer service so we decided to revisit. The customer service was excellent! Food is so well seasoned. My husband is a catfish fanatic and he gives this place a thumbs up!First visit to this neighborhood gem. Sophisticated but casual. So nice to visit a restaurant where the staff genuinely care about their work and the atmosphere they create. Food was delicious. All of their salad dressings are made in house, a detail that I certainly appreciate. The service was spectacular. Will definitely be returning.This small quaint place is a gem! I found this restaurant on Groupon. The food was delicious. I really enjoyed the calm atmosphere, music and art on the walls. The customer service was excellent. The food was flavorful!Sassafras Restaurant has a nicely-decorated exterior (strip mall) and a very attractive, clean, neat, and welcoming interior. The waiter was very friendly and helpful. We ordered Seafood Platters, which came with catfish, oysters, shrimp, fries, and a delicious house salad, as an appetizer. The salad dressings were home made, and the fried seafood items were well seasoned and not the least bit greasy. Also, the portions were generous. We were all very pleased and remarked that we would certainly return. RJTWent this morning to get some chicken and waffles, decided to go first thing when they open. There was a table of 4 and a table of 2, I was a table of 1. There seem to be more people working than dining but yet the service did the disappoint it's slow. After walking pass me several times my server finally stated I will be with you shortly. Another table of 2 came in and shortly after being seated a server came to their table to begin there service. At that point it was time for me to leave. This place have good food, Just hoping one day the initial server to customer contact gets betterI'm really glad I found this restaurant via Groupon. There was a bit of a wait because I didn't make a reservation, but the food was WELL worth the wait. It was delicious! I had the Cajun Pasta with Crawfish and Shrimp and Mango Ice Tea; Also ordered the Redfish with Mac n Cheese and Pontilly Potatoes to go-Delicious! The Redfish was seasoned to perfection! Customer Service was awesome as well!We signed our name on the waiting list and waited 20 mins while the owner purposely overlooked our name and seated two other tables. After a couple walked into the restaurant,the owner immediately seated them although the owner was advised by us and the couple that we were there first. We immediately left due to her unprofessionalism and disrespect!!!!! We will NEVER patronize this business again. I would've never expected this from a Black business owner but it seems they're the ones who are screwing black customers the most these days!Visting from out of town and found this place on Yelp based on reviews. The reviews on the stuffed bell peppers was excellent so I went with that for lunch. I didn't care for it so I didn't eat it.  The kids had burgers and was satisfied. The handsome waiter was professional.My favorite spot in town to grub at. The food is delicious and authentic creole cuisine. Whenever I want a nice home cooked meal I come here. I've had several menu items. Their fried chicken and wings r the best I've ever eaten at a restaurant. Red beans r awesome, the Jambalaya is my fav :) the. My fav thing to get for dessert is the scoop of icecream with the praline sauce ahhhhh sooooo yummmyyyy omg... I've taken my mom n all my friends here several times. I love sassafras. If you are looking to eat here do it u won't be disappointed..
The only negative I have to say is that I don't like that all the menu items aren't served everyday like it used to be now certain items are served on certain days but still great tho.Came at the busiest time on the busiest day but the service and food were very good and worth waiting for.This is close to my aunt's house I was visiting so we walked over for lunch because it had good reviews. We wanted to do something else this afternoon but there's no time left for that now. 
First of all, it seemed overrun with the after Church crowd, so it took 20-30 min to get seated, which is fine because we expected that. 
They ran out of glasses so they brought our drinks in togo cups, which is alright, but they weren't attentive with refills, and were stingy with straws. 
It took about an entire hour just to get our side salads, though, and at least another half hour to get our entrees, which were just pasta with seafood. The portions were large, and food came out hot, but we ordered separate things and got the same thing brought to us with the addition of just-ok crab cakes on mine. For taking so long, they could have at least gotten my food correct. 
It's 2 hours in, we are trying to get our check and togo boxes but no servers are anywhere to be found. 
I wouldn't recommend wasting an entire afternoon here. The food is just okay, definitely not worth 2+ hours of your day.I recently visited sassafras and I must say it's everything the food was prepared to order I had the half shrimp half oyster poboy and the seafood was fried perfectly and had great flavor my daughter he'd the fried chicken and that was the best homefried chicken I've ever had .I would highly recommend this place to any and everyone be back soon thanks again for the good food and great serviceSUPERB describes this establishment in one word for the food , ambience ,music and service HIGHLY RECOMMENDStuffed Bell Peppers here... just like home cooking on Thanksgiving day! So good. I am glad a friend suggested this. The staff was good too. Highly Recommended.Good food, lots of food, good service (off peak hours)...what else could one ask for? I payed 16$ for a huge seafood pasta and a sallad, that's good value.Wow!! We went for the first time tonight at 8:40 and they close at 9. We did not at all feel rushed or  unwelcome. Rather the opposite, the service was amazing, we had Erin as our server and she is GREAT! Food was amazing and so well priced. You could tell it was very fresh. They have some of the best staff, best food and atmospheres of any local restaurant. Thank you for the amazing service and laughs Erin-- and the entire staff for making our first but not last experiment great!
Will definitely be back!!!Yes, I am a fan because this is my first visit at an authentic New Orleans Restaurant. 
But it was on a recommendation from my Hotel front desk and when the server asked me if we were recommended by this specific hotel clerk (by name) it felt like it was a "biased" recommendation more than a recommendation from a good experience.
We arrived at 8pm and as the last guests for the night. 
Now, we did have a good food experience, Gumbo (gumbeaux) as an appetizer and a baked Red Drum filet as the main course. Bread pudding with some caramel sauce as a desert. All dishes were cooked in a way that I have never experienced in the USA before, so it really felt authentic.
Today we are moving into the French Quarters and food experience that visit will put Sassafras into a perspective.
Have to mention that Sassafras do not have any rights to serve alcohol, they said they were waiting for a permit.
The personnel at the restaurant were very nice and very helpful, which made me tip more than my average. 
The location of this restaurant, 2 miles north of I-10, not far east of The University of New Orleans, is next to a populated neighborhood area where i would not do not expect to find this kind of restaurant.This restaurant is awesome. Great food, great customer service. The gumbo is the best as is the stuffed bell peppers. A family favorite!Stop right there, thank you very much, I need some chicken with big flavor and crunch. 
Follow these steps: 
Drive to Sassafras.
Sit down.
Order the fried chicken IMMEDIATELY (cooked to order, takes at least 30 minutes)
Order some apps.
Wait patiently for amazing fried chicken.
Control your salivary glands when it lands on your table.
You will want to pick it up with your hands. DON'T...unless you like 3rd degree burns.
Finish whatever the hell came to your table first while it cools.
It's cool. Snag a piece with your fork. Plate it. 
Breathe it in.
Sink your teeth into the juiciest, flavorful and crunchiest fried chicken you will ever have the pleasure of eating.
Go home and cry because your meal is over.The food was absolutely terrific. The house salad w/ thousand island dressing was one of the best I've had. For an appetizer, we had the crab-cakes which were delicious. This was my first time having a stuff bell pepper with shrimp & crab but I'm glad I decided on it. If you go here, just be patient because the staff was really slow but nice.This place was a great find.  We had to run to Walmart and this was the place we found that was close by.  Fantastic southern food and friendly staff.  We got there a bit late and we did have to wait due to the fact that the restaurant was very full.  Our table had the Liver and Onions, Catfish Orleans and the Seafood Platter.  We shared tastes and all were very good.The bell pepper/yams/Mac & cheese dinner was sooo yummy & everyone's always so friendly!Came here for brunch. Wasn't bad, but wasn't great. Just average. Ordered the breakfast special which included waffle (not that great), bacon/sausage (pretty good), grits (not great), and eggs. Sampled my friends fried catfish which was decent. Overall this place is just okay. I'd like to come back for dinner and give them another chance. I've heard there lunch/dinner menu is pretty good.I will never, ever place an order from this restaurant again. This is my second time placing an order through Uber eats at sassafras and the second time there has been a problem with the order. I placed an order for chicken wings. One order for 12 wings. Ninety minutes later and I still have no chicken. I called the restaurant and was told that they don't control the waiting times placed on Uber....so who does? Terrible. They have the customers telephone numbers when you place an order through Uber eats because I have been called by restaurants when they were out of an item. And I can't cancel because I'll be charged for the food as the restaurant indicated that it's being prepared. They should have cancelled this order knowing they couldn't fulfill it in a reasonable time period. Two hours is unreasonable to wait for chicken wings.Went to Sassafras last Sunday for brunch. We got there a little after 10:30 am and were seated right away. By the time we left, the place was full of after-church diners.
I had a basic breakfast of eggs, grits and hot sausage (which they make in-house), and it was delicious. My partner had a hot sausage omelet that was excellent! Great food that seemed like home made, at a good price in a relaxing atmosphere.
The service was terrific. Our server, Akilah, was attentive and friendly.
Will definitely go back next time we're in the area.Don't let the outside of the restaurant fool you. It looks like just another chain restaurant, but we were surprisingly impressed! I can't express enough how delicious their food is. Everything we ordered was amazing. The gumbo was hands down the best I have ever had. The best part is everything is made to order. If you order fried chicken, you will literally need to wait 30 minutes, because it doesn't just sit under a heat lamp all day. Oh, and the baked macaroni was so cheesy and so good, I could make a meal off of it alone! my family and I were so stuffed after we left, we all needed to take naps!!!! Soooo good....I came in town for essence weekend and my friend recommended this place. I called to place my order over the phone due it being a sunday and being pushed for time. The young lady was very professional while taking my order. I ordered a Ceasar salad with grilled chicken, fried wings, and crabalinni. I asked the young lady if the chicken was really grilled and she told me yes. Before ending the call she asked to give them at least 25 minutes before pickup.
Upon arrival, you could barely get in the door or even find someone to assist you. After waiting patiently 10 minutes in the crowd i finally bogarted my way to a waiter to let her know i was there to pick up my order. She asked me my name and left. She returned 15 minutes later and i asked her can i cancel and she told me my order was being bagged as we speak so she took my money then returned 10 minutes later with "No Bags"!!!!! She said my order was coming as she gave me my card. The lady returned 20 minutes later with my bags. I scanned my bag quickly just to see if i had all my entrees then left the restaurant.
So when i arrived home. I opened my Ceasar Salad and i had some type of chicken however it was not grilled at all. I had no Ceasar dressing in my salad or in the bag. So clearly i was not satisfied. Then i also ordered some fried wings and crabalinni that was not seasoned at all. I was completely/totally disappointed.
 ***i try my best to support Blackowned Businesses however i was not satisfied at all.DO NOT GET TONY AS YOUR WAITER.. OVERCHARGES
Great food, was pricey in the beginning but I see the prices have went down. The manager Peter is very professional, he is a server as well which is weird. Please try the catfish plate !!! and the poboys are good as well.. Cant go wrong with the food...Great service, food came out in a timely manor and it didn't hurt that there was a Groupon for it. My food even came with a free drink just for checking in. This place was very clean and the owner is also very nice and friendly and will check up on you. Love the food and service at this placeThe only place that I could find online with liver and onions on the menu. Very clean and cute restaurant and friendly, sweet staff.While I was a UNO student dining options were always slim. Campus dining got boring quickly which had most of us going down the street to a shopping center with a Subway and a Quiznos. For what seemed like forever a storefront right by that Quiznos was being remodeled and had a "Sassafras Coming Soon" sign. Time passed and I'm sure Sassafras opened but I only seemed to have enough time between classes to get fast food.
Flash forward to this week when I find myself going to campus in the evening to meet with some professors in a professional capacity. I had an hours or so before our meeting and decided to relive my college days and have a sandwich. Soon as I pulled up by Quiznos I saw Sassafras and decided give it a try. I'm glad I did. The restaurant itself is small. There are four or five booths next to three or four tables on one area and a smaller area just off that with a single large table for 6-8 and some smaller tables for two. Decor is slightly upscale from most of the restaurants in the area.
Sassafras bills itself as "Creole and Soul Food". I'd say that's a pretty accurate description. The menu is filled with things like red beans, fried catfish, and shrimp every way you can imagine. I was immediately drawn to the fried oyster plate, but alas they were out of oysters that day. Instead I got a dinner special, chicken parmesan. The incredibly large chicken breast was lightly pan friend with a very peppery batter. It was served over a bed of spaghetti and marinara along with a salad and a roll. The salad was more than just the usual house salad that looks like it came out of a bag from the grocery. It was well composed and plated. The chicken breast was juicy and delicious with the peppered batter complimenting it well. The spaghetti and marinara were pretty standard, nothing special there but not bad in any way. The roll had some kind of honeyed butter on it that was delightful.
My entire meal, including an ice tea, was under $15 after taxes. For the large portion of good food and great setting that's a killer price.Soft shell crab is advertised and the waitress said it has not been available for approximately over a year.  The gumbo was not bad.  The shrimp were the tiny "salad shrimp" for lack of better description.  The rice was good and the seasoning was good.  I think they should offer tomatoes, mushrooms and other toppings for the side salads.  Lettuce, cheese and croutons were really plain.  The seafood pasta was seasoned EXCEPTIONALLY well.  The spaghetti noodles were the wrong noodles to use though.  A penne or bow tie or other type of noodle would really make this dish an exceptional dish.  The seafood platter was not bad.  It was an average fried seafood platter.The absolute WORST experience ever! Our server was RUDE, LOUD, and down right DISGUSTING. They need to hire some new staff. This was my first time coming here and I will NEVER come here again! We had a very large party so the wait time is understandable but to wait 30 minutes before being asked for a drink order, another 20 minutes to get said drink is unacceptable. When I finally ordered my food, it took an hour for my appetizer and another 30 minutes for my entree. When my entree came it was wrong and then the waitress had an attitude about it like I cooked it. All in all this was the worst experience!! And I will NEVER go back to Sassafrass again!Found it on Groupon and I can honestly say this is one of the best groupons I have ever bought. Our waitress Erin was amazing. She was friendly and attentive. We were sat within minutes and drinks a couple minutes later. Man o man!! It's so good I wanted to take a plate to go. I had pork chops rice and green beans. Pork chop was fried to perfection. Seriously! Green beans were fresh with garlic and seasoning not just out of a can or frozen. I'm a county girl from Texas and my Granny taught me how to fry a chop so I feel like a pork chop expert. Hubby had fried catfish, fried shrimp, and potato salad. Huge portion. Both fried to perfection, great crunch!!!! Only bad part here is we live in Dallas and they are in New Orleans. Love and seasoning has to be their secret.Love the atmosphere! The food and the staff were great!!
Off the beaten path in a nice area away from the busy quarters. Perfect!
Will be one of my places to eat when I'm in NOLA.Okay, okay what shall I say.  First time here and we were seated promptly, as it was not extremely busy so this lends to my next point. Why did it take so long for the food to come out?  I won't go too hard on them because my server looked to be stressed out handling two of the four tables with patrons, (po thang). I ordered a shrimp and oyster po boy dressed and it was my absolute first time eating a po boy in New Orleans since moving here December 2012 (for shame, I know). I'm on the Westbank and heard there were some great po boy joints here but I choose to err on the side of caution when deciding a venue for my food and a junky gas station is not one , no thank you, I pass.  Anyway, my po boy from Sassafras was actually very good. A little salty for my liking but fresh, crisp and delectable on a buttery toasted French roll.  The portion size was pretty massive as I had to bring the other half home with me.  It came with fries and I ordered the mac n cheese which was good as well. I always have to taste folks mac n cheese to see if it's better than mine and it wasn't but hey, I gave them an "E" for effort lol.  Okay, that was petty.  Anyway, I'd definitely return and order more from their menu. There are certainly plenty of New Orleans staples to choose from but overall I enjoyed it.Off the beaten path, but certainly worth the trip. The stuffed peppers were awesome.  As were the fried pork chops and sides. Best of all, was the homemade peach cobbler that had my party considering kidnapping somebody's grandma.Off the chain!!! Chicken was good, pork chop was good and the peach cobbler make you wanna slap somebody!!!Erin provided exceptional service. The food was great. Only downside was that the portions aren't as big as expected. I had the catfish grill.The food here is amazing! The waiter we had was very hospitable. My kids loved the places (this never happens lol) and it was all thanks to the cookie that was put on the plate with their meal. We can't wait to return to try everything on the menu.Sassafras offers good, local food in an area that doesn't have many options. It's a great place to grab a meal if you're in the UNO area and don't want fast food.First off, thanks Yelp! 4.5 stars in 7 reviews? What do you people eat? Air and water? 
I wouldn't take my dogs here (okay, I love them more than most people, but still... they would probably be content to gnosh down some viddles from this joint... if they ever received them). FSK THIS PLACE, IT SUCKS... now on to the more eloquent review:
Why would I not return? I'd love to tell you it was because the food sucked, but that's not the case. The problem is that 50 minutes after ordering I still didn't know what the hell it tasted like.
Our waitress took the drink orders promptly. We ordered promptly. We were on lunch and expected to see food promptly. 25 minutes after we placed our order, we had nothing to show for it... I asked about the status of our meal and was given the classic,"It's comin' right up, yours is next!"
5 minutes later I prompted our waitress again with a polite inquiry,"We've got to be back to work within 30 minutes (we had a web presentation for which we could NOT be late). Her response this time was,"Okay, 3 of the 4 plates are ready. I can bring those out now if you don't mind waiting on the fourth." I said sure... now this is where the story gets amazing.
The four plates were as follows:
Liver and onions with corn and mashed potatoes.
Oyster Po-Boy with french fries
Jambalaya plate with fried chicken wings
Cheeseburger with bacon + candied Yams (substitution for french fries).
Which 3 out of four would you expect to see when she returned from the kitchen another 5 minutes later? Speculation was rampant amongst myself and the out of towners I took here on business (silly me).
Out of the kitchen came everything but the hamburger, which I was assured would be right out. 10 minutes later I asked about the hamburger and was told that it would be right out. Finally, the burger arrived and it was a burger on a bun with veggies. No bacon. No cheese.
I was the lucky recipient of the burger (at least my out of towners didn't have to go hungry... I picked this place based on Yelp! reviews, I should bare the burden most heavily). I immediately explained that this was not what I had ordered. At this point we had to be back at work in 8 minutes. The check was already paid for and I told them to keep the damned burger since they couldn't get anything right with it.
So I write this review with an empty belly and nothing but venom to spit for this place... the real kicker? Our waitress' excuse was,"We've got someone new on the grill who's never dealt with a lunch rush before."
Really? You're telling me that this incompetent individual at the grill couldn't comprehend the concept behind dropping a meat patty on the hot surface and flipping it once? Screw this place. I won't be back. They didn't even offer to discount the meal items we actually received. Screw this place... my empty belly encourages far more repugnant thoughts to wish on the establishment, but my brain's got me in check.Food is excellent. Service can be a little slow at times. We've been there twice so far.  I will definitely come back. Just not when I have somewhere else to be!Very good food!! We had very pleasant and prompt service. The food came out quickly and tasted amazing. I brought my whole family and they loved it. And it's a black owned restaurant!!This is an amazing place to eat just be prepared for a little wait for food prep. I've eaten here multiple times and have tried everything from the Sassy Burger to local southern fares like greens and seafood. This is definitely a repeat favorite for me.Food was ok. Boyfriend had fried pork chop with corn and mash potatoes and I had the catfish New Orleans with shrimp creole sauce. Service was excellent and attentive. Bill was $40 including tax and tip. So prices are affordable. Might need to look into changing up the seasonings. Will update again once I've had their brunch menu.The food is really good and at a good price. The service was horrible! Had to eat my meal without a drink the entire time. When we were finally able to flag down our waitress she gave us attitude about us asking for a refill. Not a single waiter/ waitress came to check on us. One of our meals came with a salad we never got. There was an older lady, who we assume was the owner, running back and forth and never once stopped at our table. Would never come eat here again.If I could give this 0 starts I would. I waited 2 hours for my food & on top of that the waitresses were incredibly rude. Had to go to the kitchen to ask for a refill & the waitress spilled drinks on us TWO DIFFERENT TIMES LOL IM LITERALLY LAUGHING BC OF THIS EXPERIENCE WHAT CAN YOU DOI was served spoiled potatoe salad and the service was poor. I will not come back to this establishment.Great food for a reasonable price. Service was nice. We ordered a fried catfish plate and fried shrimp plate. Both were very good and serviced with delicious garlic infused string beans, potato salad, and baked macaroni.Not too thrilled with this place. The food was good, but the portions were small compared to other similar restaurants, especially for the price you pay. With so many seafood-cajun choices in the area, you'd think they'd be a little more competitive. My drink was empty the entire time...it wasn't refilled once through out the whole meal. 
The reason I'm a bit miffed is because they did not honor the Groupon I bought and paid for. They refused it on some technicality that was not clearly defined on the Groupon itself. I have never, not ONCE been refused the use of a Groupon at any business. I've purchased hundreds of Groupons over the years in multiple states, and this was the first place that would not honor it. So two stars for the good, but overpriced food. Zero stars for the poor customer service that does not honor what it advertisers. Do yourself a favorite and eat at one of the other thousands of cajun-seafood restaurants in the area and get more for your money.Good food, HORRIBLE service!
The condensed version of the following super long review: the food is amazing, but this is NOT a restaurant for large groups. The manager (owner?), Ms. Irma, THREW my family's receipt at them as they were trying to figure out how to divide it.  Further, the waiters could use better instruction on professionalism.
In April, I booked Sassafras for dinner for 40 people after my law school graduation ceremony in May. I was told up front that the establishment held tables for a 15 minute grace period and that they could separate only so many checks per table, all of which was fine with me. The reason I chose the restaurant is because it's Black-owned and didn't charge an advanced fee to reserve tables for such a large group. 
In the weeks leading up to the event, I spoke with Ms. Irma three or four times. On the day before the dinner, I contacted Ms. Irma again to ensure that all was set for the next day. I confirmed that I still had 40 people coming and Ms. Irma reiterated the rules, to which I agreed. 
On the day of the event, my family and I arrived about 12 minutes early. Everyone stood/sat outside and I went in to check on the status of the tables and inform them that we'd already arrived. We were allowed inside at about 4:28 (our reservation was for 4:30.) 
The first issue arose with the seating. Two long tables and three booths were set aside for us. Ms. Irma refused to let my party choose between the tables and booths, insisting that we fill the tables first. Then, I guess we weren't seating ourselves quickly enough, so we were fussed at several times as though we were children. Indeed, one member of my party attempted to sit in a booth because it was better for her physical condition and Ms. Irma was so insistent that she stay at a table that she left because she felt disrespected. 
The next issue arose with the service. One person at my booth ordered a raspberry tea and it never arrived, though she was charged for it. Our drinks were never refilled. When I asked questions about the menu, Christian, our waiter, seemed annoyed that I had questions. I ordered yams, but they also never arrived. Our dinner rolls arrived with the meal instead of before. Another booth was served fairly late (I expected a wait because of the size of the group), but as soon as their food was served, their waiter was already trying to give them their checks and to-go boxes, so they weren't really able to sit and eat and enjoy themselves. I felt that we were all a bit rushed in our eating, even though most of our time was spent waiting for our food. 
All of this could have been avoided. I made this reservation one month in advance, so the restaurant had time to prepare. I would have appreciated it if the restaurant had simply told me they weren't prepared to service such a large group. Further, as my party was entering, the restaurant was finishing up with two other parties and trying to get a catering order out the door. Had they asked us to wait outside for an additional 10 minutes, even though we were on time, they possibly could have cut down on some of the confusion that they seemed to feel. 
On a positive note, the food was divine! I had the half and half seafood plate with catfish and shrimp. The portions are huge and the seafood is well-seasoned and cooked, so I really appreciated that! 
If Sassafras better trained its wait staff and Ms. Irma exercised a bit more patience in dealing with large groups (or simply declined to host such large groups), the restaurant would be a lot better off. Overall, my family enjoyed their meals, but definitely not the service, as they felt more like inconveniences than valued customers. Indeed, I later discovered that Ms. Irma threw my family's receipt at one table simply because they were trying to work out how to divide the receipt and she lost all semblance of patience. 
Though the food is good, I would never eat here again after the way my family was disrespected.We visited this past Saturday during Essence fest. We waited for 2 hours and no food was brought to us.  When I spoke to the manager she said my food would not be served for more than 20 mo mins.  The service was ridiculous. The waitress was no where to be found.  I understand it was busy but there were people around us who got there after us and received their food.  Me, my daughter and friends we starving and had to leave. If you are hungry and want to eat in a timely manner DO NOT EAT AT THIS RESTAURANT!!Excellent food at a very reasonable price.  As good or better than anything in the Quarter.  On site parking too.Awesome home-cooked southern food. This place was recommended by a girl at our hotel and it didn't disappoint. I ordered the catfish platter and it was amazing. We had the bread pudding and it was divine as well....order it with a side of ice cream....so good! 
Went back two days later and got the seafood platter. Even if you're hungry, order the regular platter because it's huge. Green beans are packed with flavor, mashed potatoes were alright.
This will be my go to if I ever make it back to NOLA. Only downside is that there isn't red beans and rice on the regular menu. It's been hard to find on this trip.My husband and I made a stop here when an relative made the recommendation. The food is amazing and the servers are outstanding. They really go out of their way to make you feel comfortable and at home. I know that sounds like it goes without saying, but that's often not the case. Sassafras is a must if you are ever in New Orleans.I had the fish and grits. The fish was great, grits could have been better but overall it was good. Service was nice and the wait time was not bad. There was plenty to choose from on the menu. I will be back to try more!PISS POOR SERVICE! I placed an order and specifically asked if it was too late and was told no (8:36PM). My son and I arrived and upon his arrival, told the greeter his name 3 times and that he was picking up his order. After waiting an hour (9:49PM), I was told the kitchen was closed and that he would, "see what he could do". Excuse me! After an hour?!? Then I hear someone in the back complaining about why I'm upset. Really?!? Be mad at the person who took my order. DIS NOT input my order in the system, and had me waiting an hour to tell me there was no order. HOW DARE YOU?!? My first time attempting to purchase food and this is the outcome?!? No food and left EXTREMELY UPSET! Maybe you will but I will not ever come here again! If you provided a HORRIBLE experience to me my first time, I'm done. Especially with the remarks the staff in the back made.The food taste pretty good but the service is SLOW.... I went early on a Saturday and the place was pretty empty. It took them 40 minutes from making my order to bring out the salad. Then an additional 35 min or so to bring out the food. I would only go back if I don't have absolutely nothing to do for the rest of the evening. They should work on their service times.
I would rate them 3.5 stars if I could but decided to round up.Our waitress was awesome very professional and sweet.  The catfish was cooked perfectly and battered well.  The asparagus was very tasty.  The tea was bland.  
The downfall was half of our party had to wait over 20 minutes for vegetables  that were left off by mistake. The the order of bread pudding took 39 minutes.  But the staff was very nice.On the recommendation of my hotels front desk we came here for dinner. So glad we did! Catfish was amazing, light breading, flavorful. The fried chicken is brined before hand and will probably go down as one of my top 5 fried chicken dishes ever. Rolls were light and fluffy and bread pudding dessert was yummy. Friendly staff and good service. Great restaurant if you want to go where locals eat.Went during Sunday brunch. The praline waffle was ok. It had a good taste. I think the waffle could've been a little softer. It came with a side of grits, bacon & sausage. Pretty good. My daughter had the crab cakes & pasta. Very goodexcellent food, ordered 2 different meals and friend and I split them so we could try everything we wanted.  out of the way spot but definitely a local place, seemed to be some regulars who come often.Nice little neighborhood restaurant near Lakefront airport for my fellow flyers.  Your typical creole style selections. I stopped in here for a quick lunch.  I started with a bowl of the gumbo. It had good flavor with the just the right amount of kick. For my entree I had the regular size seafood platter. I enjoyed it but it wasn't anything spectacular. The atmosphere is nice and service was prompt.  They could probably stand to have a couple of more lunch specials. But overall it's a good restaurant if you happen to already be in the area.This was an horrible experience.. First it took us 20 mins to get served with a half full restaurant, then when our drinks were brought to us me and my son drinks had mold floating in our drinks. I asked the waitress why is this, and she simply told me "they don't clean the drink machine" after that i was lost for words and just asked for bottled water. Later, when my crab cakes comes out 30 mins later (which was supposed to be an appetizer) my son bit into one, and spit out something hard and silver, i have no idea of what it could have been..I asked to speak to the owner, and i was told that he was too busy. I just told the waitress "thank you for your services, i know it's not your fault but i will not be returning" ..Great music.  Average ambiance.  No wait...
Sort of like a restaurant/granny's kitchen all mixed in one.  It was nippy inside the restaurant & although I was enjoying my company, the frosty-ness was a bit much for me; but I'm always cold, so it's relative.
The food was like Campbell's Soup, ummmm ummmmmm & finger licking good.  And while too heavy for lunch, this would be perfect for dinner or if you're sharing your lunch. #sharingiscaring & much needed for your waistline.
I found service to fair, however, it should've been a little better since it was only a few of us in the restaurant; but apparently this is the norm. 
Talk about home cooked food... yesssssssss lil Susie, this is it.  If you want a home cooked meal... then here's your place.  
Moved from New Orleans East & now located in the strip mall next to Chimes/UNO college bookstore & near Rouses; this location is BETTER for me (#selfishSusie) & more accessible.  Shared parking lot, provides ample parking, although not in the corner where the restaurant is located, but still ample.Me and my family came to this restaurant
Visiting from Alabama 
I came in with my mother and son. Bought a Groupon 4 for forty online. I told them when we came in that it was me, my mother and my son eating at the restaurant.
They told me it would be fine and should have specified we needed 4 entrees to use the groupon
They didn't even try to honor my grouponIf you want flavor and incredible fresh food go here! They had a great selection that was perfect for everyone in the party.  The redfish was packed with flavor and everyone raved about what they had (pasta, salmon, Mac n cheese, asparagus, etc)Overall:3+
I actually found this place on Yelp and went checked it out.  Generally speaking it is pretty good. Relaxing atmosphere, clean, attentive staff and very reasonable prices. One thing I really like about this place is that it seems that they cook food their food they way they like it and are not just trying to provide a dish to the common denominator. They do like their seasonings.
I had the gumbo which I enjoyed but I don't think I would recommend to others because it is a bit too peppery.  Like I said, I personally enjoyed eating it because I like eating different gumbos but I wouldn't order this one in particular again.  
For an entree' I had the Redfish along with sweet potatoes and green beans.  Similar, like the gumbo, I liked it but would not order it again. The sides were really good.
I would come here again and probably pick one of the daily specials. Good place, great neighborhood restaurant.
Value: 4
Product Quality: 3
Service Quality: 4.5
Overall Experience: 3.5
Would I recommend?: YesNice small restaurant but give them time because if you are in a hurry go elsewhere.  
Great food as our group had no complaints.  Shrimp, fried pork chops, chicken sandwich, and salads were all ordered.I started with the fried pickles. They were delicious. Hot and crunchy. I also order the fried chicken plate with a side salad and mac and cheese. The chicken was so hot it burnt my fingers. Everything was delicious, I would definitely return.I had been waiting FOREVER for this location to open, because Gentilly deserves it.  Finally, the doors opened not long before I left my beloved N.O.; and I had a great meal, as I anticipated. 
The first time I went, I had stuffed peppers which did the trick.  They were very nicely cooked and seasoned, just like a Creole food fan wants it.  The second time I went, I had seafood pasta, which was also predictably delicious.  Obviously, every time I visit N.O., Sassafras is going to be one of the places I'll have to try to hit.  I want to get the smothered okra next time I'm there.  The prices are very reasonable, too.
The only thing that drives me nuts is the place is so small and the parking is a little inconvenient.  Neither is a deal-breaker, obviously. :-)One of my favorite neighborhood restaurants! Some of the best fried chicken ever. Everyone here always seems genuinely happy you came. I've never had a bad dish here. This is not the place to go for a quick bite because everything is cooked to order so it is hot and fresh. Sit back, chill and enjoy a nice meal.Second time ordering take out and disappointed again. The fried chicken is supposed to be so good but it's not even on their menu online? So I ordered it over the phone along with the gumbo, Mac and cheese and wings appetizer. The fried chicken was 4 piece fried chicken and 3 of the 4 pieces of chicken were so salty that it prompted me to make first and only review ever on yelp. The only piece that was ok was the breast after I removed the salt infested skin. My wife had the gumbo and the Mac and cheese and she enjoyed both. I am still drinking beer to wash the salt away. 46 dollars for everything that I ordered and I DEFINITELY will not be back for the chicken. 
Service was excellent. Courteous staff and fasTA decent Cajun/Creole restaurant. 
Ambiance: Sassafras has a nice location in a strip mall on the perimeter of Rouses with big umbrella shades in front of the entrance. It has a tiny entrance with tables on one side and booths on the opposite side. It has a nice casual feel about the restaurant. However, what bothered me the most was the acetone smell throughout the restaurant. Apparently, Sassafras is located next to a nail salon and spa and the acetone smell just permeated throughout the whole restaurant. 
Food: We finally decided on the Fried Eggplant Stack as appetizer and Crabellini and Cajun Baked Redfish with side of Mac and Cheese and Asparagus for entrees. The Fried Eggplant Stack came with a delicious sauce that reminded me of Raisin' Cane's sauce. The egglants were well-seasoned and crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. It was a pretty good appetizer. The Crabellini was also decent. The crab cakes were delicious and the pasta was again very well seasoned. I enjoyed both of these dishes and would recommend. The Cajun Baked Redfish was my least favorite. It was seasoned well with a dry rub but the fish itself was very dry. The mac and cheese and asparagus sides were both basic. Overall, food was decent for Cajun/Creole dishes; however, they were not phenomenal. 
Service: We were greeted and then seated at our booth. The waiter was at first very nice. He was helpful and gave us recommendations on what to eat. He delivered our plates quickly and efficiently; however, he never checked up on us again. He did not refill our glasses with water and our plates were left on our table for a while. When he finally came back and asked for the check, he then took about 20-30 minutes to give us the check, even though he handed out checks to other patrons. The restaurant was not extremely busy (about 70% full) and there were 2 waiters and 1 waitress who handled a relatively small restaurant on a weekday. We finally got our check and paid. The manager was the one who asked us how we were doing and cleared our table for us. 
Final thoughts: The restaurant itself is very nice with casual dining tables and decorated well with simple Cajun decor. However, the acetone smell threw me off and the service was moderate to subpar. The food was decent for Cajun/Creole dishes but not something I would crave if I wanted Cajun/Creole food.We had the eggplant and shrimp special and pecan salmon special with crab cakes for an app. I'd do it all again...it's really good.  Service was outstanding and everyone worked as a team to make us feel welcomed and serve us. Akilah did an outstanding job and was very personable and knowledgeable. Great experience!best gumbo I have ever ordered in New Orleans from a sit down restaurant! haven't found anything else on the menu that I like as much.Mediocre at best. Fried chicken on the greasy side.  Mac and cheese average. Burger ok, but the croissant was a nice touch...onion rings on the burger were horrible .