Love Satsuma's! Mostly go to Uptown location. Super delicious food, great staff and laid back vibe. Since moving into the neighborhood it's become my go-to spot. Consistently good. I wake up craving their eats. So thankful they're nearby.Fresh and tasty ingredients. Creative recipes and excellent drinks. Lovely place and service. Good job team Satsuma !Nom Nom Nom! Came here during my lunch break with two co-workers and it was delicious.
My only real complaint was the side salad was covered in onions and I HATTTTTTTTE ONIONS. Also, it looks like the salad is just scooped out of a big bowl, so it is not like you can just decide 'oh I don't want onions' because the whole salad tastes like nasty onions.
Anyways... I ordered the Shaved Ham and Brie Melt which was delicious! My only complaint is that the chalk board menu is so hard to read.Can't believe I've never been to Satsuma until today!! This bright little cafe is nestled on Maple street right off Carrollton. 
We came in around lunch time on a Saturday and it was fairly busy but getting a table didn't require any wait. However, it is summer and there aren't many college kids hanging around uptown. 
I ordered an iced americano (they use Hey! Cafe beans) and a turkey, pesto, and red pepper sandwich on ciabatta ($10). The sandwich was pretty small but surprisingly filling and suuuper delicious! Their menu is fairly simple-breakfast, sandwiches or salad options which makes it great for a sit down breakfast/lunch or grab and go spot too.Overall, the food at Satsuma is great.  The daily pancakes are creative and often fantastic.  However, the staff seems to have a too cool for school attitude.  Most of them are efficient enough, but none that we have encountered are friendly, and that is a very big strike against a cafe.  We come in there pretty much every week and have been doing so for well over a year.  You would think that we would get "a good to see you again" or a "welcome back".  Instead, it always feels as if the first time we are there (not in a good way).  Recognizing and acknowledging regular customers is as much a part of a servers job as serving food, and in this respect, this restaurant is very much lacking.I'm a die-hard fan of the Bywater location so I've been meaning to try the new location since it opened. While the menu is the same, the food is slightly less amazing than it's sister restaurant. I was pretty bummed that they skimped on my avocado and goat cheese on the the "special" grilled cheese but it was still delicious so I can't get too up in arms about it. I'll be back in a few months to see if they've improved. For now I'll just chalk up my less than amazing experience up to them being freshly opened.So much yes here. Warm and friendly staff who are always willing to answer questions or help in any way possible. The food is AMAZING. They make their own gluten free bread, swoon. The veggie burger is massive, two meals. Their gluten free cookies, also amazing. They use lots of organic ingredients. So that's where the complaints over prices come into play. If you want cheap shitty food, go somewhere else. This is where the quality lives. Thus the prices are not fast-food level! This is my favorite brunch spot in town. The juices, coffee and brunch menu is enough to reanimate even the most hungover person on a Saturday morning. My only complaint, I wish they were open for dinner!!Ok so I really really wanted to love this place, but after eating a late breakfast/brunch here a couple times I am left at an impasse. The good is that they have the best cup of coffee in town in my opinion, the decor is really cute and fresh looking, and their juice concoctions are creative and quite delicious. The food was not bad, but I think it is extremely overpriced for what you get, the plates are quite small. Also, when I was there the second time the disorganization between the kitchen and the front of the house led to my party getting food in 20 minute intervals, not the best way to enjoy a meal. I hope this place improves its system of ordering and serving and maybe comes up with a few more reasonably priced items.4 of us for a birthday celebration today. I had the Cuban sandwich which was very good. Unfortunately, they "forgot" the order for the birthday fella. This gaffe was followed by desserts, which included two coconut cream puff pastries, chocolate cookie and a coconut muffin. The cream pastries had what looked like hummus, flattened and dried out, in the center - completely inedible. 
The service was awful. Nobody bothered to bring us water or bus our table.
Never planning to go back. Yuck.Maple street is full of delicious eateries and satsuma is no exception! My family and I we're initially planning on eating at the camellia grill but as we walked down maple and saw satsuma we couldn't resist trying it out! It's a very cute spot with modern looking decor. They make their own fresh-squeezed juice on the spot. It's a little pricey but well worth it! I had the "immune booster" which was a mix of orange grapefruit apple and fennel, it was delicious and very refreshing!
I got the roasted pear and Brie melt on wheat bread for lunch and it was amazing!! The pears we're roasted perfectly and the onions we're caramelized just right. I also got to try the salmon melt (fresh salmon-not canned!) and the BLT which we're both delicious as well. I definitely plan on coming back and I can't wait to try out their breakfast options!amazing. love this place. they are always busy and for good reason (but never keep you waiting long!). i love to try new things, and the specials are always satisfying and well-priced. it is hard for me to resist my favorite- the ham and brie on ciabatta with pepper jelly, caramelized onions, and sriracha. delicious side salad too.I was really excited to try this Satsuma, since I love the one in the Bywater. I'd tried coming here a few times on the weekend, but it was usually too slammed for me to bother (I get cranky about waiting in lines if there's not a bar nearby to hold me over with some drinks). So the other day when I needed to kill some time in Uptown after work, I tried this location again and breezed right in to find plenty of seating.
The staff were really nice (and had some great tunes on!). I got the brie, pear and caramelized onion sandwich. It was gooey and yummy, but unfortunately the flavors kind of melded together so you didn't get the distinct tastes of anything in particular. I also ordered one of their juices, which was good and pretty much made me feel like I could go lift a car up from the ground (who knew mixing celery with other stuff could be so tasty?) I wish the juice were a bit chillier because I'm that dude who has a cup of water that's mostly ice, but I know nothing about how juicing works. Maybe (probably?) they had just juiced everything for me right then and there, hence why it wasn't chilled? 
Love the atmosphere and seating, especially the counter seating at the window - lots of plugs underneath to charge your devices. 
Would definitely go back again.I have yet to have a satisfying meal here. Very small portions at a high price although I suppose it is the most "healthy" option in the areaI looooove Satsuma Cafe! I work close by so usually stroll in for a late lunch and they never disappoint. I love their mate latte, calming, refreshing, and energizing - the perfect afternoon pick me up. Then I usually choose between the black bean burger and the quinoa salad. I feel like sometimes it's so hard to find food here that is fresh, healthy, and doesn't make you feel like napping the rest of the day away. Satsuma Cafe gets it right every time! Plus the staff are always super friendly!
I've heard they get really crowded on the weekend because they're delicious and in such close proximity to Tulane and Loyola, but during the week I've always found it such a pleasant place to be. They have ample indoor seating and a handful of outdoor tables for a nice day or if you had your pup with you. I highly recommend you get there now for a feel good meal and a mini oasis on Maple Street.This place is awesome and has quickly turned into this gals top brunch spots in the big easy. 
THE LOCATION 
I love uptown and finding gems like this makes me appreciate it so much more. The street it's located on has tons of greenery and plenty of street parking. 
THE AMBIENCE 
It has such a cute store front. It has a very relaxing feel to it. Try to snag a seat outside if there are any available. 
THE FOOD
I had the open faced breakfast sandwich. It had a healthy amount of veggies and a nice cream cheese like spread with more veggies. It was topped off with a fried egg - to which I added hot sauce! I also had a fresh pressed beat juice which was equally as good. They had a ton of pastries at the cash register that looked really tasty too! My friend had the breakfast sandwich. Considering that she never offered me a bite, it must have been really good. 
Will definitely be coming back!We tried this new place for breakfast the other day and loved it. Stood in line for a short minute, grabbed a table next to some friendly people. I had a yerba mate canned drink while my boyfriend had both a bottled juiced drink and a coffee. I ate the green eggs and ham sandwich on toasted wheat (good, but not exceptional), while my boyfriend got the salmon bagel dish that comes disassembled on a charcuterie board (soooo good)! The service was prompt and really friendly. The vibes were really laid back and with vibrant/mellow decor - a nice local, friendly neighborhood feel. Definitely gonna come back again.I come here all the time. Always satisfied. Coffee is great. Lunch is great. Pastries are delicious. Staff is friendly. What more can you ask for??So I love this place. It's quaint and nestled in a neighborhood. They have great food and their croissants are some of best I've ever had. They aren't flavored but it does not matter. They are fresh, crispy and oh so flaky. I gave the owner some feedback and he was so great about it. I was so impressed with his customer service. It's very important to me and it really can make or break a place. Kudos to them for understanding that. Check this place out if you're looking for something unique!!I love Satsuma. They have great coffee and the bacon, egg & cheese biscuit/sandwich never disappoints.Traveling out of the French Quarter is well worth it to go to this little gem of a restaurant.  Friendly staff and great food. Mingle with the locals!The only thing to complain about here is the long line at lunch or brunch time. If you like breakfast foods and sandwiches, this is your place! And it's well worth the wait. Everything on the menu is amazing and the wait staff is efficient. Best latte I've had in years- the foam was so thick and creamy! Today I had the green breakfast sandwich on a croissant, and last time I had the mexican breakfast. One convenient thing here is the self-serve special utensils, spices, and filtered water, along with expected array of milk products for coffee. Also A+ bathrooms ;-)Brunch is my favorite meal of the day and satsuma has helped to validate that point for me yet again. Adding bacon to the green breakfast sandwich was, undoubtedly, one of the best last minute calls I have ever made.
Make sure to get a large size of one of their juices to go so you can sip on it while wandering the streets of the suburb and admiring the beautiful architecture.Charming neighborhood breakfast/lunch spot. Food is fair. Not bad but haven't had anything to rave about. Conveniently located and always busy!Cute little spot. The food was pretty good. I'd come back to try other options... the espresso, nothing to write home about. I got the Turkey sandwich on ciabatta bread that came with a side salad. Really good sandwich which I finished completely! The staff was surprisingly dismissive for being Uptown...Big lover of breakfast foods at all hours of the day. This place is great!! The gluten free bread is made in house and really knocks your socks off. I plan on going many more times!Great restaurant for breakfast, lunch, afternoon coffee, etc. Always crowded but good service. Everything is fresh, healthy, and very tasty. I visited my daughter in NOLA for 7 weeks and we probably went here at least 9 times. A full board of specials every day, a juice bar and excellent coffee & cappuccino.Love this place. Reminds me of Boulder. Great selection of veggie-ish breakfasts and lunches. Soup is aways good. Counter service, but they deliver to you. Pretty crowded all the time so finding a seat is sometimes a challenge. Competent friendly service. Had BLT deluxe and bagel plate. Simple but fresh and yummy. Salads are super.I had a delicious carrot, quinoa, and cashew salad from here today. I ordered to go, walked over, and it was ready as soon as I showed up. There was a line, but the friendly server who called my order directed me to a separate register so I didn't have to wait long. I didn't stay in the place, but it seemed cozy. There were plenty of people visiting with friends or eating as they read a book. I think the salad I ordered costs $9, which I felt was appropriate; it was large and filling.I love this place and always feel semi-healthy eating here bc the food is so light! You order at the counter and they give you with a number on a stick and you seat yourself. They have outdoor seating, which is great bc sometimes it gets a bit too chilly inside for me. 
I usually get their mate latte. I tried it iced the last time, but I don't think they usually make it like that bc it wasn't good. Just get it hot. Lol. When I don't get that, I get a juice. It's a bit pricey but their juices are so fresh that I almost don't mind it! I haven't tried one I don't like! 
I love their yogurt and fruit bowl! The fruits change pretty often, I suppose it depends on the season. I've tried so many of their sandwiches and I've enjoyed everyone. But the most memorable for me is their turkey pesto. Because I love pesto. 
Try anything. I doubt you'll be disappointed.Satsuma Cafe is a pleasant surprise tucked away near the Tulane Campus.  Great fresh juices and breakfast/brunch/lunch options.  Had the Tofu Banh Mi which was tasty and an ABC juice (apple, beet, and carrot).  
It gets crowded, so come early for lunch and snag one of their indoor tables if it's hot or rainy outside.HUEVOS RANCHEROS. Satsuma perfectly executes Mexican style brunch. ABC is delicious and the restaurant is too damn cute. I forgot how much I loved this place.Interesting spot, have been to both locations, and both abide by the slower weekend morning pace of things. Place your order, take a number and a water, then patiently wait for your food to come. 
Outdoor seating with fans make for a slightly sweaty, but comfortable setting. Or indoor seating is a bit tight as place is usually packed with families and young couples.
Big fan of the beet lemonade and they are one of the few places to have fair trade coffee in Nola. Have had lunch and breakfast on separate occasions. They accommodate to soy vegans and veggie vegans by subbing quinoa for tofu. Veggie wrap is great too with hummus, better than the average veggie wrap. 
Good place to share a breakfast over healthy juice or a croissant sandwich.This is one of my brother Peta's favorite places to hang out in New Orleans.   The food is excellent!!   My family went to eat there the day of his life celebration.Good prices good food. Fresh squeezed juices are delicious. People are friendly and they make your food pretty fastPerfect place to grab a nicer breakfast, really attractive restaurant and location. A little pricey, but fresh and tasty bagel sandwiches might be super worth it.Great menu to choose from! I love fresh pressed juices, so it was great being able to have that with breakfast. It was a little late for breakfast though, so I went with something a little more brunch-y. I am a huge fan of lox, so I got the bagel plate. I did not expect it to be so nicely plated! Every little ingredient spread out beautifully on a board for you to make a delicious lox bagel. It's a lot less simple than it sounds. You get cream cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers, capers, sprouts, and red onions. There's also a nice fresh vibe here!Really great cafe to grab a quick bite, some good coffee, or sit around and do some work or read a book.
The food is tasty and fresh and the environment is very laid back. It isn't a spot for a heavy breakfast, but something on the lighter side so you can easily start your day.
A few of us did the avocado toasts, with the lox, and enjoyed. Someone else got a breakfast sandwich. Everything was delicious.Popular spot just a short walk from the Airbnb I stayed at last summer, with an Uptownish-but-not-pretentious vibe. Happily gorged on the most delicious gluten free carrot cake I've ever had. Coffee wasn't my favorite, but the cake certainly made up for it!This is a young relaxed cafe, with a really great atmosphere. Went here for brunch on a Sunday morning, and there was a long line but it went quickly and was worth the wait. The food was delicious, I had the Satsuma Cuban which I highly recommend for those who love pork. They also make freshly squeezed juice and you can choose the ingredients.Nice and cozy place. We went on a rainy Sunday afternoon so it wasn't busy. Still a decent amount of people. I got the ham and brie melt which was good but the peppers and onions were too sweet for my liking so I took it off and it was perfect. It was dressed with sriracha which gave it a kick. The side salad that came with it was light and fresh; spring mix with onions and diced tomatoes with a light vinaigrette. No obnoxious cheeses which was a plus. I also got a plain pancake because I was craving it. It was sweet so a light dip in the syrup was perfect. My boyfriend had the green eggs and ham croissant sandwich. He really enjoyed it and I did too when I had a bite! He also got the granola fruit and yogurt thing and he liked it but the fruit wasn't as fresh as he wanted and the granola had too much cinnamon. 
Overall neat place! I will come back again to try the juices and other dishes.The people here are nice!
There are a few healthy drinks demonstrated in the refrigerator
The grapefruit juice is fresh and the sandwich is really delicious.If you live in the neighborhood, this is an excellent place to stop by for breakfast or lunch. All of their breakfast menu options are awesome, and their specials menu never disappoints.  The only downside is that it can get very crowded. If you're going on a weekend, I would try to go before 10 to beat the crowd.One of my favorite breakfast spots.  I keep it traditional with the Satsuma Breakfast Plate, which comes with two eggs, bacon, fruit, black beans, and a biscuit or toast (get the biscuit!).  They're on point every time I go, even if the line is sometimes out the door (Saturday or Sunday morning).  The juices are fantastic, if a little pricey.  Also, the more extravagant choices are delicious. The atmosphere is great, very clean and comfortable.  Finally the staff always seems to go the extra mile to be friendly, which makes returning time after time an easy choice.
Highly recommended!Consistently great food, service, and environment. The place stands out in a neighborhood full of possible stops. Never disappointed.Wonderful! Was happy that dogs were allowed and to be able bring my pup to breakfast with me! Made us both feel very comfortable. Staff was friendly and food was yummy! :)Amazing food that I love AND my kids love (which is hard to find). You have to try the green eggs and ham!!Just so nice, I thought. Wake up and go here with people you love. You'll have many options and eat fresh food made with care.Food is really good. I really like their breakfast sandwiches, they are just soooo smal. Id havr to order like 2 things to get fullWhat an awesome spot for good coffee, good juices, pastries, and breakfast! I had an Americano which was delicious with some good crema. I also got a juice which was excellent. My egg, bacon, and cheddar on a biscuit was also very satisfying. My boyfriend got the green eggs and ham and was a happy camper. I will definitely hit up this spot again when I go back to NOLA. Also can we flak about how cute the logo is?Excellent little neighborhood cafe with vegetarian options available. Delicious food ! A quick bite to eat but still one that leaves you feeling like you got a chance to sit for a moment and relax. This is a busy cafe that has a lively and vibrant atmosphere brimming with the sounds of people's conversations. 5 stars to the amazing banana caramel pancake that was 1 inch thick and about the size of a pizza !So incredibly lovely. 
The large windows and open kitchen, along with the laid back music and calming decor, make this a killer spot to spend hours on your laptop doing work. Their popeye juice (spinach, lemon, kale and apple) was fantastic, and made me feel like I was actually doing something healthy for my body after a week of vacation eating and boozing.OK.... I had to update this review. I have been here a few times since the last time and have grown to like this place. The coffee is one of the best available uptown (I believe they use the cold brew system mmmmmm) and also their juice selection and options are super cool (while pricey).
Why 4 and not 5? Well, every time I go here there is still food service issues. Most recently I was here yesterday and my friend got a breakfast plate and I got a piece of quiche and a soup... both not huge time items for a kitchen to make. Well... we were on the same number for service (they use a number system for bringing out food) yet all of our items came out 5 minutes apart. It was 15 minutes between my friend getting his plate and me getting my quiche slice... just not a good thing when trying to enjoy a bite with a friend. They were not even busy!
But, beyond that, the food is tasty and fresh. You can tell they really pay attention and use quality ingredients which is more than you can say for a lot of places around this neighborhood. They also have some cool twists on normal items, like their really cool soup selections. Try it out! Great place to meet up with someone and have a nice conversation over a quick bite.Always great. Good food and Privately owned, thus the owner caress, contributes, and appreciates his clients. The food speaks for itself. We have eaten here more times than I can count, and have never had a bad experience. Try it out, you will not be disappointed.This place is absolutely amazing. I have been the the Bywater and Uptown locations and both are consistently delicious. 
The Mexican breakfast plate and Brie sandwich are both to die for and crowd pleasers with all of my friends. The only little disappointment were the juices. Sometimes they are great and sometimes they are too spicy or have too much fennel, they're just generally inconsistent.
However, the pineapple ginger limeade is one of my favorite drinks of all time. It's perfectly sour and sweet and has that nice kick from the ginger.
Definitely somewhere everyone who is visiting or living in New Orleans needs to try. I love it here.Great fresh foods. Lovely staff and a VERY clean shop. We had breakfast sandwiches here and we all marveled at the flavors. 
I tried the satsuma limeade- it was good but honestly I loved the $7 bottled juice I got even more. 
Come and enjoy. It's calm and inviting.The place is sort of tucked away near Magazine street so you have to park on the street which wasn't that much of a problem. I ordered an iced chai latte but I didn't like it very much, it was too milky and not that much cinnamon flavor. I also got the avocado toast and shared the strawberry compote french toast with my boyfriend. The avocado toast was very good, just the right amount of avocado and citrus flavor. The french toast was good as well, they used brioche bread which made it extra dense and sweet.Excellent service, quality of Ingredients is superb. Try the freshly squeezed orange juice or the bacon cheese and eggs sandwichRelatively new cafe. I love open spaces..this 1 is and lively. I ordered salmon and egg, I would give it 3 stars. The reason I rate it a 4 is really not that deep. I just think it's a cool spot to grab brunch. Not a fan of the parking, but it forces you to get that 'much needed' exercise. 
Really want to geaux back for the Juice that every girl in America was waiting for!!So glad this opened up in my neighborhood! This place is right up my alley: it's healthy, fresh, and they have awesome juices and coffee. I have dined in many times and also ordered out. They are quick and friendly. The green breakfast sandwich is simple and filling (especially when you get it on an everything bagel-mmmm!) 
They have a wide variety of juices (the sweet tart is my favorite) and pastries if you want to go for the lighter meal and they have new specials daily and each one I have had has been delicious. 
People complaining about the prices obviously don't know how much real food costs. The juices have 4 or 5 different fruits and veggies in them and can be a meal all in itself. 
The atmosphere is clean and modern. There are tables inside, outside, and high chair seating at a counter looking out into the street (my favorite spot to eat).
I highly recommend this place for a "feel good after you eat" breakfast or lunch. Definitely have a juice while you are there.You should come here for every single meal that you possibly can. This place is probably my favorite restaurant there is, and when I left NOLA after college, this is probably what I miss the most. 
All of their juices are amazing, the popeye is my favorite. The pear and brie melt. Unreal. The quinoa avocado salad. So good. The Gluten Free Chocolate Cookie is hands down one of the best cookies I've ever had, and I'm not GF. 
If you live in the area and you haven't eaten here yet, truly what are you doing with your life?Food is good, but give yourself at least a hour if you're eating here, incredibly slow serviceI had been meaning to try Cafe Satsuma since it opened but hadn't made it there until today. First off, the space has amazing natural light and a simple, clean interior. The acoustics aren't great- it's a little loud inside but that is my only complaint! There is plenty of seating and although it looked busy we had an easy time getting a table. Service was friendly and our food came out within 10 minutes of ordering! I had an egg scramble with sweet potato, pesto, and kale that was absolute to die for. I could tell the ingredients were fresh, the menu offerings healthy and inventive, and the flavor was incredible! The scramble was a weekly special but I hope it's added to the permanent menu- it was so delicious! My friend had the pear, brie, and carmelized onion sandwich which was also fabulous. I didn't try any of the fresh juices (including beet lemonade!) Satsuma serves but they looked wonderful and I will definitely have one on my next visit. Overall a really great experience at a top-notch restaurant. Expect to pay $8-11 for food- reasonable given their fresh ingredients, large portions, and fast service.Quaint, cozy, clean, friendly, and consistent!!!!
Wonderful place on a quiet corner in a lovely area of town. The lattes are some of my favorite and try the special BLT.This place has fantastic food and a great feel. The staff is so nice I wanted to send them a thank you card.The special BLT is heavenly and it's a great environment, supa trendy! They juicin like no other! But i have just a couple problems... its on the expensive side for a full meal and it can take a second for your food. All in all, this place gets down.The Raw Salad was bitter and had someone tasted it they would have known to add another ingredient for balance. Also the long pea sprouts are silly because they are impossible to eat with a fork. I was unimpressed with their limited sandwich choice and would not come here again.I love the food at Satsuma, but the staff is unbelievably rude. This never fails-- they ALWAYS have an attitude, some of them even as going as far as making extremely inappropriate comments about tipping...It's a shame because as I said, the food is great, but I rarely go anymore because the staff is so unpleasant.Great gluten-free options! A little expensive for the amount of food served, but nevertheless, the food is high quality and fresh. Only thing stopping me from going to Satsuma more is my dwindling bank account!I still haven't been to the original location, but I enjoyed my meal on Maple. I had the special pancake of the day, raspberry with orange zested whipped cream, and for 5 bucks it was the right amount of food and much better than your average pancake. My husband got a smoked salmon sandwich that he really liked, and the side salad was very good. The only thing that bummed me out was my fresh squeezed apple juice tasted a bit like vegetable juice. I'm guessing they have one juicer and a little residue made its way into my juice. My husband didn't mind it, but I don't like vegetables in my juice so for about the same price as my pancake, I was kind of pissed. But I didn't complain so I really didn't give them a chance to make it right. I will definitely go back, just not for juice.I understand paying a premium for quality ingredients. However, unless the eggs came from a chicken cloaca blessed by a thousand highland Tibetan monks which confer onto everything that passes through it the power to make you beloved by all who lay their eyes upon you for eternity, then $15 is a little steep for a simple breakfast and coffee. If the eggs are indeed sourced as such, then it's a bargain. The Mexican breakfast is served over black beans, which are flavored with cinnamon or some other spice that should definitely not be in beans, much less breakfast beans. 
The kale salad is usually very good. I've had other salads with flavors that were not so well-balanced, such as a way over-dressed strawberry salad. The ambiance is great with ample windows and outdoor seating. The juices are good, but I'm taking a star off because they went up in price/oz and are no longer made fresh to order. Now you have to buy it in a wasteful plastic bottle and too bad if you don't want lemon in your beet juice. 
The place perfectly fits the fresh and healthy trend that white people and hipsters so treasure, and to many this place can certainly do no wrong. The ingredients they use are definitely good. But based on the way the ingredients are put together and on the price as a whole, I can't give this place more than 3 stars. I'll definitely still come here when I want to eat a good salad and sit outside when it's nice though.Love this place! It's casual, fast, and the food is super delicious and fresh with lots of healthy and interesting options! 
The salads are awesome, and the Satsuma breakfast is to die for. To this day, they make the best biscuit I've ever had. 
The staff is always super friendly and helpful. It's also nice to call in your order for pick up if you're in a hurry. 
Love Satsuma!A favorite breakfast stop for my family. Nice size, lighter choices. We got a couple of the specials, some quiche and a salad. My kids are a fan of their giant cookies.Two stars because the OJ was good. However, I would not come to this place. I love my delicious fruit that is fresh. I got fruit bowl, which was more like a fruit cup. The kiwi wasn't even skinned. The apples tasted super old. The banana was okay. Thanks God I had fresher fruit in my bag so I decided to add it. Please don't come here. Usually not this negative in terms of reviews, but what a big disappointment.Ok.  I got a pork sandwich with roasted pepper and spinach and wished I had gotten eggs or French toast once I saw my neighbors meal.  We got there before the rush, but previously we have driven passed and it is packed.  I dont think I would want 15minutes to eat here but it is OK if I dont want to cook breakfast on the weekend.I really like this place... good coffee, friendly service, and fresh food.  It's not the best coffeeshop to go for if you're looking for a quiet morning to get some work done.  Which is a bad thing if you're a student/work-from-homer, but a great thing if you're stopping in to relax and catch up with friends.  Fantastic lattes!  I've only had a few of their breakfast items, but they were all really tasty.  Their fruit/yogurt bowls are one of the only ones in town that I'll actually buy because it's well portioned and extremely fresh.I'll keep this short and sweet. Great food. Great ambiance. you will love it, I promise you. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Also the juices are amazing!With a lot of options for a cafe in this area, esp on maple, this is the BEST one! Where a lot of coffee tea shops don't have a good variety of tea - I can always get a great flavor here! They also have hard boiled eggs if you need a quick energy boost and the muffins are insanely good! Order a breakfast sandwich and you get YOUR CHOICE of egg (scrambled, over easy, sunny side up, etc). Where else can you customize your breakfast? LOVE this place!Good food, but when it came down to paying for my food , the cashier , Brad( i asked for his name),  took my girlfriends card and before swiping it, Insisted on paying. I gave him my card, he rolled his eyes, took my card and swiped it. Shortly after swiping my card, he threw it on the counter and asked me to sign the merchant copy of the receipt. Brad was VERY Nice and considerate towards the Caucasian male in front us but when we came to to order his attitude instantly changed. I honestly feel like he was discriminating my girlfriend and I. Terrible first experience. Sucks that good food always come with terrible service. Way to go brad.I wanted something quick and healthy in the area which led me to this place. The cafe blends in with the neighborhood so if you're not too familiar with the area, I recommend using your GPS. I got lucky with parking right in front of the restaurant but like many restaurants in the area, parking can be difficult if the place is packed. Once entering the place, you order at the counter. They don't have too many options so picking something shouldn't be too hard.
I had the Asian tofu scramble which is tofu in green coconut curry. I love tofu and this was a new way of seasoning for me. Plus, it came with toast and jam. The jam was super delicious. I felt healthy and full afterwards. The croissant sandwich was pretty good too so if you want something more fulfilling, that is another option. 
They also serve coffee (fair-trade) which was the most important part of my breakfast. So come check this place out if you haven't already!Food: some special egg scramble they threw together. Roasted red peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, squash. Nothing terribly exciting, under-seasoned. The squash wasn't cooked completely. The sourdough toast was on the cold side.
Atmosphere: cute decor, very open floor space. Nice, giant wooden tables. Not terribly comfortable metal chairs. 
Noisy at lunch. Woman noisy, with that overlying tone of shrill middle-aged woman who always talks too loudly to her friends, as though volume is a good substitute for content.
Carrot juice was good and fresh.I really like this place. Their bread selection is great and the food is good with reasonable prices. My favorite is the green eggs and ham croissant. Its seasoned perfectly. I normally take off some of the onion but that's just my preference. I ordered the special BLT and felt it needed 100% more bacon on it. That would be my only con here. Note they don't have as many flavored syrup options as other coffee shops. I'll go back!It's slow as fuck, but worth it!
Everything I've had here has been fantastic, and that makes up for the long ass wait time in line and the long ass wait time for the food. 
The breakfast sandwich on a croissant. It just disappeared into my mouth. You know something is good when you don't put it back down on the plate. 
The brioche French toast with cumquat jam. I'm not a sweets fan but I had to refrain myself from scarfing this dish down. 
All the juicing that goes on here makes me happy that there is a heathy spot in this land of fried foods. A true oasis in a wasteland of po-boys and fried chicken. 
Seating was a bitch. Wishing there was more space.. But the popularity of this place is understandable due to the delicious and healthy fare. May I suggest that the management put in a long table and remove the 'kiddie section' for all the people on laptops just drinking coffee and juice. Then the consumers who need the space can find a table to eat. 
By far this was one of the best spots on my pig-faced tour of New Orleans. I'll be coming back to the Bywater...I don't even care that it's in an unsavory neighborhood. 
Pro-tip!.......Get there early. The unemployed hipsters don't roll out of bed until 10am so the line is considerably shorter in the early morning.Another hipster here, giving a rave review. I knew about Satsuma Cafe from watching The Layover in preparation for my trip to New Orleans. This is a quality spot, serving quality food and I love the decor!This place has so much charm  I'd give it five stars even if the food was only fair.
I have, I must admit, felt like a fossil at many hipster places. Not here. Yes, I'm outnumbered by the Fedora crowd, but there are enough oldies that I don't feel like I'm babysitting.Slap you grandma-good breakfast
Bywater is by far the best part of NOLA and sweet little places like this prove it. Unassuming, bubbling with super nice locals, and a friendly staff Satsuma made a great first impression on us of NOLA. The biscuits are worth a heavy carb binge and their juices will help you feel better about the aforementioned. Scramble special was delish and their coffee was really excellent. Only bummer was that they are closed Mondays (which we found out the hard way trying to have a departure breakfast without checking their hrs first!)I'm currently having a love affair with Satsuma. I went for the first time ever a few weeks ago and fell totally in love. Their menu is awesome, as is the atmosphere. The special BLT on sourdough (with goat cheese and avocado mash) is flippin' amazing. The tomato basil pesto on Ciabatta is good too. They make fresh juices, coffee, salads, you name it. The little courtyard/outdoor area is so charming, and though I haven't brought my pooches along yet, I love the fact that they're welcome here. The mismatched furniture inside adds a lot of character. And the staff has always been really really friendly. I'll be back as often as I'm in the Bywater!Went to NOLA for a birthday getaway and rented a apartment near the area. This was a great way to start my new adventure in NOLA for the first time. Great Coffee and delicious food and awesome service. Kale salad so good I had it twice lol and caramel soy latte.Loved this place! We went here twice for breakfast and fresh squeezed juices and both times it was amazing. Great atmosphere and quality juice and food. Loved the hipster vibe.One of my favorite brunch places! Really creative sandwiches and a bunch of different options. Really good for vegetarians :)I love everything about this place: Breakfast made with fresh ingredients , great coffee and a friendly staff all in an eclectic setting. A must if you are visiting... I will certainly return if back in NOLA!My girlfriend brought me here for a late brunch. I got the turkey sandwich with roasted peppers and an aioli sauce on ciabatta. It was absolutely delicious. The sandwich was well made so that I got a little of everything in each bite. 
I also liked the interior which had a very artistic feel. A lot of paintings and artwork.
If I lived close to this place, I would stop in 2 - 3 times a week. A true gem in the bywater!Great fairly still and quiet hang out to relax, study, enjoy incredible hand crafted food and juices. 
There breakfast creations are incredible. Unreal lunch sandwiches and the cookies and baked goods are super fresh.
Lots of gluten free options as well.Another Bywater winner!    Satsuma has a very inviting coffee shop atmosphere inside with real artsy feel.  It has a good amount of seating inside and a small patio area out back with a few tables and the occasional pup.
We  came here for coffee and breakfast, but they have such an amazing menu with fresh squeezed juices, daily food specials, sandwiches, etc.  All three of us decided to go for a variation of a BLT.  Mine had goat cheese and avocado mash on it- I choose sourdough. This was BY FAR, the best BLT I have ever had. It was served with a delightful fresh mixed greens side salad as well.  
We were amazed at how efficient the staff was at quickly putting out amazing food in the tiniest kitchen in the world.  Everything is prepared right there in front of you. 
While we were there, a lady walked in with a basket of fresh picked grapefruit from her yard and left on the counter for the staff to use!  Great to know that they are using local ingredients, not sure about other stuff on the menu- but I assume a lot of it is the same.    
Bottomline:  AMAZING food, reasonably priced, good portions, great coffee, and fresh squeezed juices, stellar service and atmosphere. 
(Again- reminds me of Austin- I'm seeing a trend here in the bywater area for sure!)I came here for breakfast one morning, hoping for something healthy. It's healthy according to New Orleans standards. They had fresh juice, which is why I gave them an extra star. Otherwise, the coffee wasn't great and the green avocado + egg + tomato + swiss sandwich was disappointing. I got it on sourdough bread and ate it open-faced. 
Satsuma seems like a cute neighborhood restaurant where locals come to. It's next door to a very shabby vintage shop.They just opened for dinner last night.  Part of me doesn't want to even mention it in order to discourage popularity, but, when word gets out, it's going to be crazy anyway.  The chef, Mike, prepared some amazing dishes tonight.  The gougeres were incredible, as was my flounder.  All the ingredients are so very fresh and the flavors are very sophisticated.  The prices were very reasonable for the quality of the dishes produced.
When you're a native and you're immersed in creole food, it's nice to take a break from it once in a while.  This is the place to do it.  For one night, roux and remoulade isn't pumping through my veins.  The atmosphere is hip, yet comfortable, and I love being able to walk there from my house.If you're a vegetarian and a hipster, this place is basically jesus. Tons of constantly changing food, awesome coffee and an assload of fresh juices. I've never eaten a bad meal here or had a bad cup of coffee. Shit it's not even that expensive. The only downside is it's extremely crowded on weekends. If you want to eat some arugula, drink something with cucumber in it, and get served by some beardy dude or tatted up chick, this is definitely the place to do it.I really like Satsuma and think it's great that they serve food for carnivores and vegetarians! I actually came here with a friend who is a vegan and I think we both left happy with what we had eaten. The breakfast sandwich on a biscuit is pretty good and you can't go wrong with a Southern biscuit for breakfast!
My only complaint is that it's a little pricey for the food that you get. They serve a great variety of juices too, but these also seem a little overpriced for a regular sized glass. It's a seat yourself kind of place too, so get ready to move quick if you have a group that needs to be seated!Have been here a few times and never had a bad meal. My boyfriend had the breakfast sandwich recently and it was one of the best breakfasts we had. The biscuit was so soft and tasty! Can't wait to go back.I had two things at Satsuma Cafe... and a nice juice.
I had a special on the chalk board - it was a salmon, capers and onion fritata and it was a lot smaller than I expected so I also ordered the Kale salad.  The fritata was yummy, but small portions... actually perfect for just a quick little bite to eat and only $3!  The Kale salad was wonderful, with bacon, hardboiled eggs, tomatoes and a delicious lemony creamy dressing.  It was really nice and not A HUGE portion either.  So paired with the egg fritata it was a really nice sized brunch.  
Satsuma also is very hipster and chic...goes along with the feel of Bywater.  I thought it was a wonderful place to take a quick stop over, have a nice cup of coffee and a healthy bite to eat.Amazing lil eatery and coffee in the Bywater. They do breakfast, lunch, and baked goods. The fresh squeezed juices here are a must. The food is mostly on the healthy side with amazing fresh quality ingredients. The staff is very friendly and eccentric. They have tables inside and a small patio area on the outside. This will be one of my new regular spots. 
Note- they also have just started a taco night just not sure on all the details of yet.I read reviews on yelp and heard from the owner of the apartment that we were renting in Bywater that this place was too slow -- but that wasn't our experience at all!  Maybe the trick is to go early, when they first open, so that you beat the crowd.  That's what we did, and our orders were taken promptly and cheerfully, and the food came out shortly after.  My husband had a really nice fruit, yogurt, and granola bowl (the granola had a house-baked caramelized feel to it that I raved about), and I had a breakfast sandwich with egg, cheese, and avocado on a bagel.  We also had a "cleanser" juice, which my husband thought was way too vegetable-y.  I liked it -- what did he expect, ordering a juice with four vegetables in it?  If I had one complaint, it's that you walk in, read a large menu board, and order at the counter -- and that was kind of hard for me to do since all of the choices (like what kinds of bagels they have, etc.) are not clearly listed on the menu board.  I'm sure if you are a regular, you'd just know what they offer and what you like, but a non-initiate might stand up there hemming and hawing before ordering.  A switch to full table service might improve the wait times that everyone complains about.  All in all, I really liked the ambience, patio, and tasty food, so I would come back!I liked this place so much I have been back twice. The egg and cheese sandwich on a biscuit comes in the best biscuit I've ever had. The immune booster juice is delicious! The banana pecan pancakes are fantastic, and they have good coffee. I love this place, it's friendly, the food is consciously prepared, and has a great vibe. Not a touristy place, but a place where locals hang out. Love love loveI was in the mood for crepes, and saw on yelp I should come here...I came quite a distance to find Cafe Bywaters is now Satsuma and has different food than crepes : (  That was okay though.  The ambiance was fun, artsy, eclectic.  Chai, excellent.  As long as you don't like it sweet (I added some sugar ha ha). The food was nice because it was fresh, healthy, and helps support its local farmers!  It reminded me of Portland, Oregon!  I came by city bus since I was just in the french quarter for a few days, so not worth the time and effort, I'm sorry to say, but if it were close to my house, I would visit it frequently!  Honestly, though, as a traveler, I was not used to eating so much unhealthy food as I did in NOLA, so it was refreshing to actually eat something my body could say "thank-you" to : )Favorite place to grab a bite to eat in the City! And thats really saying something, considering this is New Orleans!!I enjoyed my sandwich on day two, my eggs on day 3, and my coffee everyday.  Lots of seating.Hands down the best bacon, egg and cheese on a biscuit I have had ever! This place is a local gem! I love the vibe and there is a cute outside patio you can sit at as well.I'm giving it 5 because it is a hidden gem in a neighborhood I don't think many ppl venture into in. It might be a little to hipster for a lot of people, but the quality of the food here is excellent. Their breakfast sandwiches are all very good and their juices are very refreshing.Let me begin by saying you absolutely do not want ANYTHING to do with their coffee.
Seriously. Don't subject yourself to that horror show.
That being said, the food is fantastic. 
We had a few different items here; a couple sandwiches, some egg dishes, juices, tea... It was all tasty. Unfortunately, the final item I ordered came with a salad drenched in vinegar that had seeped onto my bread- I can't hang with vinegar, so I gave the whole plate to my husband. Other than that, every item we had was phenomenal. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a hearty, warm, relaxed breakfast.Amazing every time. Something fresh and yummy  for everyone (even the paticular vegan) anytime of the day!Friendly staff, good food, delicious coffee. I stopped in for lunch while on a trip to new orleans. i wasn't familiar with the neighborhood but when i walked in i was comfortable enough to feel like i was at home.Beautifully prepared bagel plate and the coffee is killer. Had a rousing conversation about my name with the woman at the counter, who was very kind.Real good food. Outdoor patio and dog friendly in addition to indoor seating. I like this place and will be back.I love this cafe!
I went here one day after a race - so I was starving. I sat in the courtyard (cute!) and sat under a tree. First - my pineapple-ginger-limeade was AMAZING. I only regret I didn't get a large instead of a small. Next, I got a brie-pear-carmelized onion sandwich. YUM. With a tiny salad. Both good.
I ended up hanging around for a while - I was working on my laptop (free wifi) for work so the time passed quickly. And okay, I had been starving from my race so I got the beet-satsuma-arugala-goat cheese-walnut salad. AMAZING! So good! 
Everything is fresh and delicious, the art on the walls are fun, the music is good, the clientele interesting, people friendly. LOVE IT!Nice spot in the area serving vegan, gluten free, and vegetarian friendly food options. It's more a cafe than a full on restaurant as the cooking area is small. We had a great brunch here of a strawberry basil pancake (large but only one), egg sandwich, and baked goods. Our friend had the lemon pancake and enjoyed it. The prices are steep for the smallish portions of the food (i.e. we ordered a pancake to compliment our egg sandwich so we wouldn't be hungry again until lunch).Fresh, Fresh, Fresh!!  Great fresh food. Deliciously prepared. Super pancakes du jour for $5. Great omlettes and inventive sandwiches. Great, interesting crowd. Incredible value.If I could choose one restaurant to marry this would be it. Their juice is the best in town. Not to mention everything on the menu is phenomenal and heathy so you don't feel guilty after eating literally everything.My favorite place to get work done. They've added a high-top bar with USB charging and regular outlets, so I can work and charge without being in the way of those dining. The coffee and healthy food (like the Kale Salad) will keep you going. All the servers are super friendly and they make sure you don't have to bus your own dishes. Cannot say enough great things about Satsuma Cafe!Great breakfast local sourced produce. Super friendly staff great coffeePerfect fresh juice blends (try the pineapple ginger limeade if they have it!).  I had the avocado toast with an egg -- perfect for a splash of Louisiana hot sauce.  My friends had the yogurt, granola and fruit which they said was great.  Will go again when in the Bywater area.Really neat place. The girl at the register was very nice and the food was amazing. Loved sitting outside as well. Homemade Chi tea was fabNice little spot in the Bywater with a non-touristy kinda hipstery vibe. Very casual atmosphere, like everyone else has said. The food is also pretty casual but has an easy and approachable healthy bent on most items (like a quinoa salad or veggie sandwich). I want to reiterate that point because it's not so easy to find in NOLA which, don't get me wrong has amazing, no AMAZING food but is not the easiest if you want raw leafy green things at least once a day. This place has that and combined it with the standard southern charm as well as at least a few indulgences in the fatty department. But oh! On a lovely 75-degree day in DECEMBER how perfect was it to enjoy a quinoa salad and beet lemonade?!? So lovely indeed. 
Cool side note- loved the walls-as-art galleries aesthetic. 
Weird side note- the bathroom reminds me vaguely of a haunted house.So happy to find this boho, eclectic, artsy, healthy cafe in New Orleans.
Ordered french toast, green breakfast sandwich on croissant (add bacon!!), latte and apple/carrot juice.  Menu is full of vegetarian/meat options and healthy and heavy options.  Their fresh juices always hit the spot, especially if I'm fighting a cold.
They have a sweet little table off to the side for kids, ours sat down and made friends with others.  Felt like a meeting place for EVERYONE of all walks of life.  
Definitely the kind of food and vibe I want in a local joint.There are quite a lot of things to be liked about Satsuma. I love that it's in the Bywater, and it's not sketchy. There aren't enough places around here that give you such a pleasant experience. There is never really a huge wait time, even on the weekends, and you get your food relatively fast. The place is decked out with tons of huge artwork filling the walls up to the 18 foot ceilings. The ambiance inside and out is just cool. Their patio is a perfect place to sit in almost any weather. It's shaded and breezy enough for even the hottest summer days. 
They always have a good selection of specials, and I like that they rotate them quite frequently so you don't get tired of eating the same stuff. Everything is always fresh. 
As someone who is gluten intolerant, Satsuma is particularly refreshing. Several times I've been surprised to hear staff ask if I'm gluten free when I ask them to leave the toast off my plate. They always let me substitue bread for fruit, which always leaves me in a good mood. They don't often have many selections that are already gluten free without changing anything but they are usually willing to work with me. I have even ordered a "sandwich" here and asked for no bread. No one ever rolls their eyes while taking my order or looks at me like an alien, even when I order something really strange. This is kind of unique for restaurants in New Orleans, and I attribute it to the "hipsters" in the neighborhood who are gluten free (vegan, vegetarian, etc.) to be cool. Hey, as long as I can eat something I'm ok with that. Fad diet away, friends.
The reason I give em' 4 stars instead of 5 is kind of selfish. The food I've had here is always "pretty good". Don't let that assessment fool you. I can't eat most of the things that are on the menu (darn gluten!), and honestly just looking at some of these gluten filled selections just makes my mouth water. So Satsuma, 4/5 stars for making my taste buds jealous of the ability to digest gluten.Keep reading reviews of this being a hipster place, but each time i go it's a mixed group of people- locals of all ages. The cold brew w/ an espresso shot is delicious & their egg green sandwich was cooked to perfection-yummm!!! Lot on the menu & serverd real helpful & nice!I love everything I've had here. The ingredients are fresh and I feel so healthy after. It's a little pricy, so I don't go often. When I do it's worth it!Total fan. And I'm here to comment on the juice - my goodness - the juice! 
I had the pineapple ginger and it was delicious. Not too sour, not too tart...just right. 
For food, I had the special BLT -- this has goat cheese on it and the cheese didn't overpower the rest of the sandwich. Also impressive is that they use Neuske's bacon - one of the best. 
We were there around 9a and around 10a the place had a line to the door (so go early). 
Sure the wait time is a bit on the long slide, but heck, it's worth it.Everything we tried here was great. Flavorful, beautiful, well-portioned breakfast platters and sandwiches. Strong, richly flavored coffee. Delectable desserts. And some of the best orange juice we've ever had! There's also a whole huge variety of juices that we didn't really have a chance to explore. If you're in the area, this is a great choice for breakfast for as many days as necessary.A friend told me I just HAD to have breakfast from here & they were right. The fresh squeezed lemonade & the sweet potatoe pancakes were amazing.  I want to try every possible drink combination on the menu.  The atmosphere was great & so was the service.Green eggs and ham on a croissant! Can't find that in many places and delicious.  Organic style menu, great brunch spot in a cool room.  They have a lot of natural juices/combinations....not all delicious but maybe I'm just not ready for kale in my drinks.The atmosphere is the best. I'd go here everyday if I lived in this neighborhood. The coffee is strong and tasty and everything is reasonably priced. I didn't have any of the daily specials, but my friends did and they enjoyed the brekkie sandwiches. I had the chocolate chip espresso muffin. Decadent.Great cafe in a fun neighborhood.  My breakfast sandwich (egg, cheese, and bacon on croissant) was pretty perfect but we were bummed out that they didn't have gluten free bread as advertised for my celiac boyfriend.  Checked back after three days and they still didn't have it.  They have alternatives for folks who can't have gluten but he really wanted a sandwich.  They did however have a pretty tasty gluten free dessert that was yum.  Next time we're in New Orleans we'll definitely give it another whirl.Satsuma is a fantastic sandwich shop, juice bar and coffee house. Having lived in the SF Bay area for 4 years between Katrina and now I've grown accustomed to being able to get healthy local food instead of nasty artificial stuff. When not so long ago I was eating apple sauce from the Red Cross to avoid the foul sloppy joe's they were feeding people in Nov '05 in this neighborhood I can now get delicious and healthy natural food just a moment away from the Bargain Center. It's a real treat. 
I'm particularly fond of the Green Sandwich, a heavenly combination of tomato, avocado, and cheese best served on a croissant. They server a number of varieties of coffee all of which I've tried have been good. The espresso machine drinks are not up to Seattle/San Francisco quality, but they're as good as I've had so far back in New Orleans (I used to barista a high end eco-friendly coffee house in Oakland, CA). The juices are completely awesome and I particularly recommend the home made lemonades and limeades. The muffins are awesome, too. Prices are about the same as other places in town but the quality is generally better.
Then there's the atmosphere. The staff are for the most part tattooed 20-somethings and are really friendly. It's not the world's fastest service because they make everything fresh for you when you order it so be ready to wait a little, but personally I think it is more than worth the wait. The place itself is very well decorated and comfortable with a variety of seating options and a nice fenced in patio when the weather's nice.  
They do have decent wifi, but watch out as they unrepentantly turn it off between noon and 2pm 7 days a week regardless of whether or not it's actually busy. Many parts of the cafe have access to power outlets, too, so aside from those hours Satsuma is a great place to work on your laptop. 
Overall Satsuma is a great place, a definite 5 by New Orleans standards. I'd give it 5.5 stars for the food, 4 stars for the espresso, 5 stars for the standard coffee, 5.5 stars for the juices, and 4.5 stars for atmosphere and 4.5 stars for service.I love this place.  Every visit they have different specials so I usually try my luck.  Well I'm the luckiest man alive. Every time I am more than impressed.  I love the vibe of the restaurant. I love the freshness of the food. The fresh squeezed juices are worth the trip alone.  Today I got the orange pineapple mix. My brunch was french toast covered in blood orange syrup. Mmmmmaaazinng! Yes. It was so good I had to make up a word. Honestly I think the cooks in this place are wizards.  I'm so glad they are using their powers for good. Muggle tested. Muggle approved!!!!great food, great coffee, awesome little bywater gem. I'm headed to Satsuma later today for lunch and espresso.The space is very cool but the food my friend and I got was seriously crappy. After ordering I felt optimistic as I was really enjoying the atmosphere and though we were in for a delicious treat (at $29 for two plates and two juices my expectation was warranted). 
I got an egg and salmon with greens special ($10) and it was like prison food. The salmon was canned and mixed in with unseasoned, soggy, wet greens. If you've ever had canned salmon, then you can attest it tastes like cat food smells. So imagine cat food and mush consistency spinach mixed together. I asked for my eggs over medium but they were over easy, which would ordinarily not be a deal breaker for me, except the yoke added to the wetness of the whole meal. barf.
My friend got a plate that was LITERALLY one piece of toast with an egg cooked in the middle and a couple sliced of avocado on top ($6). 
We left starving and went to the Orange Couch to eat again. 
There are many other breakfast options in town where you aren't paying out your butthole just to see and be seen. The juices at Satsuma were both really good, however. See, I'm not all mean,I absolutely LOVE this place! I'm a health nut and I love it here! The salmon melt is to die for! I get it on the whole wheat bread which is sooooo good!! It's toasted perfectly! The juice is good - pricey but so nutritious! The atmosphere of this place is cute/cool as well!Satsuma is awesome!  Everything in here is fresh, colorful and flavorful. I brought my 13 year old daughter hoping she might welcome the change from pizza and burgers...she did. Yay!  Very diverse menu. 
    The place is very artsy and fun with a super relaxed vibe.  The staff is very friendly and helpful. I had a green juice (wonderful selection of juices)and the Satsuma Cuban. It was also delicious-so tender and the ciabatta bread was perfect!  My daughter got the grilled cheddar cheese and a fresh mint tea-also very good. She managed to find a vegan chocolate cookie and a couple of cupcakes...also great!
    I want to go back to have breakfast very soon. I love this place!  Another beautiful spot in the Bywater.Lost in a long ramshackle residential strip of the Bywater, the exterior is enough to slow your way and surely, by now, standing outside and looking in the crafty walls and angel above are enough to guide you inside.
My experience has been with friends for weekend breakfast, and the place always has sharp, seasonal specials - salmon scramble, this past weekend blueberry pancakes, all fresh and alright for you and whomever is lucky enough to be there too.
The crowd is perfect, surpassingly (maybe not) boisterous and talkative for a Saturday morning - maybe the place just has an energy to it, some slight rhythm in the color and flourish of the canvas-jammed walls.
If you have friends in town, ditch the teeming green/white powdered masses (although the pigeons may have a problem with your absence) and somehow find this cafe.  You'll be in friendly, savvy, sometimes rock star company.My host recommended I drop by for breakfast, and I wasn't disappointed.
Sweet potato, black bean and tofu scramble. Green juice. 
The interior is as cosy as it is trendy. The puddings (or desserts to you guys on this side of the pond) look great too. Why oh why didn't I try the pancakes or French toast? Poor life decisions... 
This is a cool neighbourhood, many locals frequent this place, few tourists. The prices are high, as is the quality.I've been to New Orleans twice. The first time I stumbled upon this place as I was walking around the neighborhood and the second time I made a point to come back and bring my friend. Super inviting atmosphere and healthy, fresh, affordable food options. Quick, friendly counter service and a nice patio. Definitely get some fresh squeezed juice while you're here.Even though I'm no expert, this place has to be the hippest place to brunch in NOLA.  This is the coffee shop/restaurant that you wished you had in your own neighborhood, complete with a chill vibe, great (vegetarian and vegan friendly) food, above par coffee, beautiful decor, and hip patrons.  This would be my local spot if I lived in this neighborhood.  I went back two times after having coffee here one of the first mornings I stayed in the Bywater.  I will say that the line gets pretty damn long (even as it first opens), and seating can be problematic- particularly if you're in a group- but I didn't let that deter me for one second.  A must stop-in place if you're in the neighborhood.Loves this place.  Short walk from my appartment.
A little busy on a Sunday morning but still enough places to sit. They have fresh juice, pretty much any concoction you can think of. 
We ordered the pancake of the day, apple cinnamon with maple syrup and cinnamon butter. We shared it and sort of ate it as an appetizer. We both ordered the Bywater Benedict, a tower of biscuit, shave ham, poached egg and Crystal hollandaise, a perfect cure for any level of Krewe de Vieux hangover.This is one of the greatest tasting, most heathy-feeling restaurants in the city.  Don't forget to BYOB.3.75/5 healthy treat
I always forget how much I like this place until I finally get here. The interior, patio, and lighting put a smile on my face - just feels so warm, comforting, and creative. So many delicious things!! it gets packed at expected brunch hours, but if you come by early or later, it's actually not a bad place to power up for a bit and sip a little juice.My girlfriend and I were visiting New Orleans for the first time and our host in the Bywater recommended this place. Boy am I glad he did. We ended up eating breakfast here every day for the duration of our trip. The fresh juice options were a welcome relief from the rich, heavy lunches we found ourselves eating everywhere else in town. Don't get me wrong, we loved our fried shrimp po boys and bbq pulled pork. But it helped to balance that with a spinach scramble or an orange apple ginger juice in the morning. And I appreciated that the diverse specials changed every day. Overall the food was divine and the ambiance was perfect. A great way to start the day in New Orleans.This place is adorable. The food is great (I highly recommend the green eggs and ham sandwich) and the staff is super friendly. They have a couple tables outside in a cute patio area that is well maintained. Overall, I'd highly recommend it!Such a sweet brunch spot! They've got a little something for everyone, and everything sounded so yummy it made it difficult to settle on one thing. 
I came in a group of 6 around 11am-12pm, and there was a line out the door. We almost left since the line looked so intimidating, but I'm glad we decided to stay especially since the line moved pretty quickly.  
I had the green breakfast sandwich on a croissant with the addition of bacon, and an apple/orange/carrot/grapefruit juice. My boyfriend had the bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich on an everything bagel, and a large cup of black coffee ($1 refills, by the way). Both sandwiches were very good! I will say that if you want a more substantial sandwich, get it on the everything bagel. The juice was so refreshing, the grapefruit left a slightly bitter aftertaste that helped to cut the sweetness. My friend ordered the cold remedy tea (chamomile tea with ginger and lemon), and it was perfect for the chilly weather that particular day. 
They have a self-serve drink bar for water, coffee condiments, and silverware; which I don't mind. I loved that they have agave and honey as an option for sweetener. 
Be aware that they have very limited indoor seating, so come early or hope you get lucky. They do have some patio seating, but it's not covered.
My only other gripe, besides the seating, is the wait time on food. People who came after us got their food before my party. And some people in our group got their food at least 20 minutes before the rest of us did, so they finished eating as the rest of us started eating. I understand if everything doesn't come out at once, but each dish should be delivered within a reasonable time frame of each other. 
Overall, would come again and recommend to others!I've only been here for the weekend brunch, and it is my favorite brunch spot of the moment!  My boyfriend and I trek from Uptown (where there are tons of brunch spots) to go to Bywater for their brunch almost every weekend.  They have a huge selection of fresh juices which are all delicious combos and super fresh and healthy.  And they make the BEST pancake ever.  Seriously they do.  It changes every weekend, and I've never had the same one twice, but they have all been divine, especially the pumpkin one.  I've seriously had dreams about that one!
The specials are always on point using fresh, local ingredients, and the staple menu items are equally fantastic!  The Green Breakfast Sandwich, Green Eggs and Ham, and the Black Bean and Tofu scramble are all scrumptious.  My favorite meal ever was this crab meat benedict (NOT crab cake.  It was pure crab meat, and sooo fresh) on a toasted slice of the best homemade multi-grain bread I've ever had, topped with a perfectly poached egg and the lightest hollandaise ever.  Wow, it was good.  I've been waiting for them to do it again.  Go there, it's awesome.Fresh, local, seasonal eats.  A seemingly excellent rotating menu with a number of vegan and vegetarian plates.  Well-done espresso beverages.  An open and artsy environment with much natural lighting.  I had the Green Breakfast Sandwich (egg, arugula, tomato, avocado and swiss).  They didn't have any croissants yet that morning, but the woman ringing me up suggested they make it on a biscuit.  I accepted happily.  The bf had the Tofu & Black Bean Scramble.  Spicy and delicious.  Everything was so good.  The fresh juices sounded great, but we did not indulge.  This is a place I could come back to again and again.Great vibe. Ridiculously extensive, healthy, vegan/gluten free/vegetarian friendly but meat lovers and people who want to indulge will have no complaints. Worth leaving french quarter for.This is an amazing spot!  The service was superb, made suggestions and timed courses to perfection.  The food was wonderful:  gougeres, shrimp ceviche, zucchini salad, mushroom pasta, lamb kabob.  It was all fresh, well seasoned and fun.  I am going to be making this my regular place to dine.  PS.  I am not a hipster and I know my food.Super cute place with great food. We had the lemon rosemary flax pancakes, which were gluten free and excellent!!! They have wheatgrass and other fresh juices. Great place to go if you're in the area!I eat here about once a week. The sandwiches are amazing. Besides any of those, you can't go wrong with whatever french toast is on the special board or the raw salad with corn and avocado.
The only downside is that this place is really busy on the weekends and the food can take a long time to get out of the tiny kitchen. Once you order at the counter, they'll get the drinks out first and then you may wait twenty-thirty minutes for the rest. But grab a copy of "Where Y'at" or "Offbeat" and be cool about it. Don't come here if you are hungry and need to eat right away.A solid choice for a breakfast nut like me.  The breakfast sammys are perfect and the satsuma juice is like citrus nectar vine water!  My wife loves to go for the vegan chocolate cookies.  Also, the changing table in bathroom was helpful.Went for Sunday brunch and place was packed. We managed to get a table quickly but had to queue for quite a while to order which a little annoying. Then was told there'd be a 20 mim wait for food. We didn't mind the wait as the reviews we'd read were good and I loved what I saw on the menu. After a few weeks on road trip I'd yearned for healthy food. My tofu scramble was delicious and juices were great. My husband had the Cuban, similar to a Reuban was good too. I would recommend this place.So delicious! I LOVED the tofu scramble, great flavors. I had a green juice with ginger that was also refreshing and a good start to an unhealthy weekend in NOLA. I will absolutely go back!Satsuma is all about fresh, local food. As for vegans, try the grilled veggie sandwhich with vegan pesto and avocado. 
Coffee is also quality.Service was not slow on a Monday at 11:30 am. Only stopped for juices, which I would have preferred cold instead of lukewarm. Had a latte yesterday, very yummy. A bit overpriced compared to San Fran. Vibe was very mixed, locals, tourists, hipsters.Really good dinner here. BYOB and really nice ambience. The menu is seasonal, local,  and delicious. The mushroom pappardelle is fantastic as are the redfish, zucchini salad, and shrimp cerviche. Service is very good although it does take awhile between courses. A really good addition to the dinner scene in New Orleans. 
Lunch/ Brunch food is also very good but sometimes the crowd literally smells.There are also big lines and slow service. Juices are great and the sandwiches and omelets are the best in the city.My 'go-to' place! Love that it all tastes amazing and is also healthy and good for you. Love the juices and coffees and my kids love the cookies! So glad to have Satsuma by me!