The food is great and it's run by lovely people. I came with a party of 25 and they were nice enough to arrange everything despite the space constraints. Nice homely place to go to in New Orleans.This place was so random, but the curry shrimp I had was really good. My friends all liked their choices off the eclectic menu. The only downfall was the surly waiter/bartender. I'm sure he was overwhelmed, since he seemed to be not only serving (the only server), but also bartending. He was kind of a jerk to me and my friends because we walked in with a big group for dinner. The food was good, but work on the attitude Shiro's...Totally decent food.  Weird joint that sells pretty much everything, has a great wine selection in the grocery store section of the store(I don't drink wine much, but it was rather impressive to me), offers Indian cuisine as well as American/Cajun style food with mediocre sounding daily specials.  I got a spicy lamb dish, can't remember the name, but it was pretty good.  Served with basmati rice with caraway seeds, and some crispy chip type things, and bread.  Don't think it was naan bread and it might have been pita.  Waiter brought me and my buddy a whole pitcher of iced tea, presumably so we didn't have to flag him down and ask for more, but you won't hear me complain about a move like that.  I LOVE when they drop a pitcher of tea at the table.  The cash out process was rough.  The server doesn't handle money.  A little old man at the cash register of the super market section does, and he was pretty confused.  Prices were decent.  Food was pretty ok.  No complaints.  Wouldn't rush back, but certainly would go again.  If I lived in the neighborhood, I am sure I would frequent it.updates in this place?  no more laundry, or grocery.This Place is a Bed & Breakfast, Restaurant, Bar, Store and Laundramat. The bar.restaurant is exotic and makes one think they are in a 3rd world country ala "Romancing The Stone." The B&B is great. All rooms have hardwoods and a coupld with great balconies. The restaurant can be hit & miss- it depends on who was Shanghaied to do the cooking that day. The bar is great and there is an upright piano that some very good players that may pound out a song or two. It's a must visit at least once.This review is half for the food in Julie's Little Indian Kitchen and half for the establishment itself.
While I'd love to come down for their raved about brunches (thanks, previous yelpers!!), I didn't even take the time to review their menu because I only had eyes for palak paneer. 
I first tried Julie's (inside/ a part of Schiro's menu) when I was at happy hour across the street at Mimi's in the Marigny. I couldn't decide between the two vegetarian dishes and so they gave me half of each for the same price as one! 
Despite being oh so delicious, the four stars really goes out Schiro's for having, once again, something within another thing. What place other than good ol' New Orleans would have a convenience store inside of a laundromat inside of a restaurant with a small restaurant participant on the menu?  Or is it a laundromat inside of a restaurant that shares a building with a convenience store?I'd been to Schiro's twice before, always on the weekend.  Had the same waitress both times. She was efficient and adorable, even though the place was crowded, and she was the only server.  I enjoyed the food. 
Thinking we would have the same experience, my fiance and I went to Schiros on a Monday night. The usual waitress wasn't there. There weren't many customers. We sat down, and the server ignored us. For a very long time. He didn't even greet us to say "Hello. I'll be right with you." Nothing. And he walked past us several times to talk to other customers. After 10 minutes, my fiance finally went to the bar to grab menus for us. Finally the server came over to our table. Though we already knew what we wanted, he refused to take our food order, and said he would only take drinks. When he brought our water to the table, then he took our order. We both ordered medium steaks with baked potatoes (fixins on the side).  Customers came in after us, and were greeted right away. Their food also came out before ours, which we thought was strange. Finally, after we'd been waiting an hour, our steaks came out, and they were BURNT! There was no pink inside, and black outside. And the things we'd asked to be on the side weren't. We just got up and left. Will not be patronizing Schiro's again.Go for the Indian.  Order the Vindaloo, hot.  Very yummy!  Also get the lentil soup, that was good as well.  If you like french fries the secret is to order them "crispy".  Great food at great prices, a local hang-out.  If you are a visitor to the city and like Indian, check it out.I went last Friday with a co-worker and we both really enjoyed our food.  It was well-prepared and very tasty.  I will be back!This is, without a doubt, the best guest house, grocery store, cafe, Indian restaurant, and laundromat I've ever stayed in. The staff are super friendly and helpful. Beds are comfortable, rooms are clean, and it's in a safe part of the Marigny. This place is in a quieter section so you can sleep when you want, and a nice 5 minute walk to Frenchman where all the good music is.I was in NOLA for a few days and craving salmon Benedict. Went online and found this place. The online menu says they have salmon Benedict. After walking for 40 min, I got there. Guess what!! The website is not updated. They have changed the menu a looking time ago :( oh well! It happens. I adviced them to keep the site updated. I ordered lentil soup and a gyro sandwich. Soup was phenomenal!!!! It was so delicious!! I wish I had the recipe. The gyro sandwiched ... Nah! A very thick , not so fresh pita, and a few pieces of meat in there. Some yogurt souce. I didn't like it. I wish I tried one of their daily specials. Anyways, the cafe is very cute in a very nice quite neighbourhood. The staff was very nice. Give it a chance. I don't think you will regret!Food is still amazing, service is so hit or miss it's annoying.  Today we were ignored for the last 20 minutes, until I finally went to the bar to get refills and the check.This is based both on the wine selection and the Indian food.  And the bar.  And the bartender.  You know, the tall, slim guy who has been there since before Katrina with the dry sense of humor?  He's not going to fold you into his arms and tell you about his life or anything, but he rules.  He's quick, friendly, and completely service-oriented.  His drinks are healthily poured.  So, get a drink while you're there.  
Now, here's the deal with Schiro's.  
Schiro's has a guest house and a laundromat.  I have been to neither.  But if I ever needed either, I would pick them,and the reason is   -   the rest of what they do, they do just so well.  For example,
Julie's Indian Kitchen (their Indian food menu) is insanely affordable and delicious.  There are comfortable tables inside and outside, with no volume problems at either.  There's chilled wine and beer to select from the store side too, if the bar choices aren't  your cup of tea.  What's more, the convenience of their location between the CBD and Bywater and their strong adult beverage selection makes them a can't-miss on a night heading to a dry home.  The owners and staff are friendly, the place is charming and interesting to behold, and the selection of the few items that they do stock is very good for a store their size.  Moreover, by concentrating on booze and prepared food, they are acknowledging and filling a void created by MG Zone and the Co-op.  Thank you, thank you, Schiro's, and see you soon.Had incredibly friendly and accommodating service here, as well as delicious, authentic food that was all very reasonably priced. I highly recommend the vegetarian samosas to anyone!!Went by Schiro"s and noticed they had a new menu. Me and the wife had the Bonchon Chicken Wings, Crawfish Egg Rolls and Peppercrusted  Porkchops. We live and frequent alot of the Restaurants in the area and this is some of the BEST food we have had. Kudo's to Schiro's. Thank you to the Chef, Steven and staff for another EXCELLENT dining experienceHidden gem!!  A group of us were walking to another restaurant, stopping in bars for drinks as we ran out.  As we waited for our cocktails we noticed some really good looking dishes coming out of the kitchen.  The drinks were great, as was the service.  We left in search of our next bar on the way to our final destination.  About two minutes down the road we were informed by another couple that was meeting us that our final destination(The Joint) was closed due to the holiday.  We remembered the dishes we saw and quickly made it back to our seats.  They were or only serve a brunch menu, but they had a couple specials.  One was catfish and the other was a pork chop.  Two of the best meals we had all week, and to top it off they were $9.95.  The waitress explained that "we have to be great, we want people to come back!"Laid back and friendly atmosphere with a combination of yummy Indian food and some NOLA standards.  Seems like a hidden gem.My attachment to Schiro's may have more to do with familiarity, convenience, and habit than anything else. But still. I do love this fun little place. 
The food is reliably decent. I especially love their samosas and their gumbo, not to mention that I can order both of these in one sitting if I so choose. I kinda like that. 
Other items on the menu are disappointing, in particular the salads and desserts. The sandwiches are all pretty good, if basic. 
I am probably not the best judge of Indian food, having very little experience with it, but I do enjoy what is on offer here. The lentil soup is too lemony for me by far, but otherwise, I like the Indian dishes a lot. Great option for take out.
And though I think the (longstanding and very competent) staff is pretty kickass, the place does seem easily overwhelmed during busy hours or on special days. Better to scope it out first, or maybe call something in. Otherwise, you might be waiting awhile. 
Still, the sidewalk tables are a great place to while away the evening when the weather is nice. Seems many neighborhood diners would agree.
Besides food, I come for wine, beer, liquor, smokes, junk food, etc. They have most of my vices covered, and the prices are not too bad. Every now and then I do my laundry here as well. Use the free wifi while you wait for your clothes to dry and/or plop down at the bar for a drink. 
All in all, I think Schiro's  makes for a great little neighborhood joint, even if I would not cross town just for the food.Schiro's is quite possibly one of my favorite places in the world. For the past 8 years, it has been the spot where I traditionally start and end my trips to NOLA (and eat at a few times in between). Therefore thinking of it is bittersweet because I associate it with the happiest part of my trip and the saddest. Let it be known, I've never cried leaving another city besides New Orleans.
*moment of silence*
As others say, Schiro's is many things rolled into one: laundry, groceries, food, booze and oh, let's not forget, there's a B&B on the upper floors. The food is quite basic, but it's tasty as hell (great veggie burger, delish fries, pristine bloodies...haven't had the Indian food yet, but if it's related to Schiro's, I bet it's good). The decor...oh, I love it! It's outfitted like a goddamn shrine, with Mardi Gras beads, tropical plants and deities everywhere. 
There was a waitress here who seemed to come right off the page of a Southern novel. She was in her 60s and sweet as shoefly pie. As expected, she referred to us with terms of endearment (after our first visit). She was forgetful and you were often left waiting for anything from ketchup to the check, but you totally didn't care because she was the coolest chica in the world. 
And besides. You wouldn't want to really ever leave Schiro's, anyway.VERY DISAPPOINTED. I ordered chicken tikka massala, which came with rice and naan. Tick massala is a a staple on most Indian restaurant menus, and usually a reliable choice, as the recipe seems to be generally the same. Instead of tender chunks of white meat chicken, I received 2 tiny drumsticks and a puny thigh, with no delicious tomato/cream sauce. the meat from the drums and thigh barely equaled a boneless breast.The "naan" was toasted pita, and the rice, while tasty, was dry.You can not only eat here but also do your laundry, make some groceries, or they even will let you sleep here as they also run a Bed and Breakfast.  This is a really groovy place to grab some food and they also have a brunch.  Schiro's has both an Indian menu with some pretty good stuff and then more of a traditional New Orleans food menu.  They also do a daily selection of deserts.  This place also has a good bar inside of it that is a comfortable place for both eating and drinking.  The roast beef po boy is not their strong point and I think the Indian food is generally the better choice when dining here.A freaky lil place that suits me just fine. tasty indian food (not the best, but still pretty good) at a great price. Dinner for 2 with a couple of Stellas, less than $30. Friendly waiter, free WiFi, and bonus Liquor Store.I've been going to Schiro's since I was little. I grew up in the Marigny and this restaurant has always been delicious and a stop on my list. The staff here is so cool and friendly. I often just run in really quickly with my friends to eat something small and have a beer. It feels warm - a very comfortable atmosphere to be yourself in and relax with delicious food!!This is one of those New Orleans places that offers a little something for everyone. Bar, cafe, guest house, liquor store, lottery, laundry facilities, video poker, chips, cookies, etc. One stop takes care of all of your base needs. Ducked in for lunch on a rainy Monday afternoon and found the service to be friendly and the menu to be adequate. We chose sandwiches instead of the Indian offerings. I had the ham and cheddar panini - great bread! My boyfriend had a hefty looking roast beef po' boy, but the roast beef was lunch meat roast beef. He really liked it, but I prefer homemade roast beef. Both were served with large portions of Zapp's chips. The food was not dazzling but I would give other menu items a try in the future. The four stars are justified by the originality and community feel of the place. Bought some lottery tickets on the way out.....hope we win.This is a mezcla of a place.  Don't expect a bar or a restaurant or a corner store.  We go for the food, always get the curry and vangaloo.  Both are absolutely fantastic. There only ever seems to be one employee doubling as the bartender and the waiter, so don't expect frilly service, that said he's old school so he knows his shit. Drinks are strong and prices are outrageously reasonable.  Given the limited number of employees going at non-peak times is your best bet.  One of my favorite mom & pop style places in the city.Great little gem in the Marigny! Wonderful food and something for everyone. Their American and Cajun food is tasty and fresh and my husband loves it, but their Indian food is what I go their for. One of the best red lamb curries I have had! Was curious and tried the shrimp vindaloo last time - now the hardest part about going back is I have to decide which is best! Great wine selection. Friendly staff and wonderful eclectic atmosphere. It is the first place I bring friends and family if they want to know the "real" New Orleans!"New Orleans Indian"- This place has a great ambience, it's in a part of the Marigny that can make you feel like you are in the Caribbean. The interior has a charming amalgam of decorations and murals from New Orleans, India, and everywhere else. 
   Of course, like all places in New Orleans, if the place is busy, you will wait quite a while. 
   I tried the Chicken Vindaloo which was more like a saucy jambalaya with basmati rice and some so-so naan. It reminded me of no other Indian food I've had in London, New York, or California, but was still pretty tasty. I was most disappointed by the surprising lack of heat in the "spicy"  Vindaloo. An appetizer of samosas had the typical hard thick meat pie shell that was not all the flakey / light crisp that make samosas unique. The filling was heavy on potatoes and light on vegetables / spice. 
    Nevertheless, I would go again for a solid, decently priced plate of "Nawlins Indian."We had the seafood platter and split it, plenty of food for 2 grown men. The shrimp was excellent, the catfish moist & delicious, the homemade tartar sauce was probably the best I've ever had, the hush puppy was nice and fully textured with plenty of spiciness, & the veggie of the day (Italian blend) was a great easy finish. Another highlight was the red potato salad, it really was excellent and alone worth coming back for. I also tried the bread pudding and was suitably impressed, thank goodness we split the huge dinner or there's no way I could have had the opportunity.NOTE: This review is for the food store and the laundromat, NOT the restaurant, bar, or guesthouse (which all share the same address and building).
Everything about this place is "divey". In a word, that's exactly how I would describe it and my whole experience there. 
The food store is barely worthy of the name, being basically 15 feet of cold cases, a freezer of ice cream, a 10-foot shelf of snacks, and 15-20 feet of shelves for other food, including many bottles of various sorts of alcohol. If there's something remarkable about the products they offer in the food store, I missed it. The people ahead of me were buying only cigarettes. I bought only a bottle of water and vanilla cookies. Imagine a tiny, rural gas station across the street from a general store (which therefore stocks only what those passing through might need to grab to keep rolling).
 Although technically connected, the door joining the food store to the laundromat is secured - not blocked, but knob just spins and spins. So the back "exit" to the food store/restaurant is just as sealed as the back "exit" to the laundromat. God forbid a fire were to block the main door to either place. Things would be bad.
Sadly, the food store is an improvement over the laundromat. 
Today, roughly 30% of the washers and dryers were out of service. There is no standard marking system. Some broken machines have signs. Some of those signs are legible. Others are taped over. And still others (see below) are blocked.
A thin layer of translucent grime covered EVERYTHING, working or not. I guessed it was a mix of years of laundry detergent and dust. There are only six or eight seats inside, and one chair and a concrete bench outside. This for around 15 working machines.
On the bright side, I seemed to be the only one watching the room like a hawk, and the whole place has VIDEO surveillance. So I don't think you have to hover to keep your wash safe. People came and went and were all very cordial. The surrounding area (quiet residential in every direction) also adds to your confidence.
There are two big counters for folding clothes. One has been removed from the room and placed outside on the street. The other has been removed from the wall and currently stands precariously propped against a whole row of dryers, successfully blocking at least a half dozen machines.
Thankfully, the change machine and detergent dispenser were working. And the two folding tables (seriously, there are two that are functional besides the two useless counters) were basically the only things in there that were clean, a nice perk after spending about 80 minutes cleaning my stuff. 
And the bottom line - my clothes, sheets, and towels are now clean and dry. 
So I guess what I'm trying to say is if you're willing to compromise for a dingy, run-down laundromat that is SAFE and does a GOOD job cleaning and drying your clothes, this is the place to spend your quarters. 
If you want sparkling clean, lots of space, bright light, or air circulation/air conditioning, it's best to keep searching. 
Me, I'd probably have been delighted to at least have sparkling clean. That was the single biggest reason I couldn't give the place three stars. If they cleaned up, moved the broken counter out, and put a few more machines back in service, it would be a really nice local laundromat.
By the way, none of this should be construed to mean that something is wrong with the ambiance of this place. It is dark, divey, and small, but everyone there seems friendly. People just kept mostly to themselves and let you go on about your life.THE BEST INDIAN FOOD IN TOWN
Schiro's Cafe is a neighborhood treasure. It has been around for approximately thirty years. In the past few year's Indian food has been added to the menu. 
I was born and raised in New Delhi, I moved out to New Orleans when I was 18. This place is the ONLY place in town where you can get authentic Indian food (try the chicken curry--it is amazing). Schiro's is an unassuming place, its patrons are young and old, and yet everyone seems to feel comfortable dining in this place together.
When you have an Indian craving, you'd be a fool not to go here :)Awesome staff! THe cooks often make family recipes for the customers to enjoy. Food is very good-comfort food!Came here to get a burger and were not disappointed.  I swear that was at least a 1/2 lb burger.  It was GREAT!!  They only get 4 stars because the next time, the hubby ordered the Wednesday special of spaghetti and meatballs but they just weren't seasoned.  The portion was ample but bland.  I had the turkey/swiss panini on the second visit and it was large!  I could barely finish it.  Will definitely be a place to come back to when we visit NOLA next time.  Good sized portions with good prices.The Schiros Cafe I have come to appreciate is undergoing a transformation. It used to be this neighborhood gathering spot, bar, restaurant, small grocery store and laundromat.
It felt like New Orleans to me.
I guess the owner wants to Yuppy this place up and make it shiny.
The laundromat is no longer in operation because of the increased cost  to run it. 
Ok, I got that, the other part of trying to make Schiros Cafe into something Wine Bar thingy does not work for me and judging by the number of people not coming in, it cleary does not work for the neighborhood.
At this time the floor is darkisch in color, the tables are brown, the chairs are brownisch, it feels kind of like a cave and is not attractive or inviting, a little color, like tableclothes or better lighting would be a great improvement.
 It is empty, hardly any people at any given time, well, maybe at lunch time, the food is still good.
I had Tuesdays special, the Meatloaf with mashed potatoes that was to die for.
Took it to go, so did one other person.
 Why? because there is no ambiance to speak of, no New Orleans feeling. actually no kind of feeling at all.
Anyway, the old saying "Why fix it if it isn't broke" applies here. 
To the owner of Schiros: go back to the old formula, your customers will come back!Go here if you want great Indian food in NOLA. I got Aloo Mutter Paneer which was really tasty and fresh, and totally vegetarian. Schiro's is also a bar/grocery store/cajun restaurant, which at first seems really confusing, but once you are inside it all makes sense. The Bloody Mary I got was disappointing-I like mine with more horseradish-but it was definitely alcoholic so I just added Tabasco sauce. Like the reviews say, the service is better when it's slow. It's not European style, but it's not the Ritz.This place is strange. I've known it since before they did brunches and it was that emergency place when it came to food...and if you happen to need some mostly over-priced booze before 10pm.
It has a laundry that is very much over-priced but does the job...most of the time.
The kitchen...hrm...I've known many of the cooks there and every time they change cooks, things suffer for a bit until it evens out to mediocre. 
I used to love the gyro salad and a beer in the summer...but I don't think they do that anymore...They now have some Indian foods on the menu and in all honesty, I haven't liked any of their versions much. I don't HATE them, but I just don't love them. The chicken Tikka Masala is a loss but they have some decent things on the menu. I do like the ability to buy a bottle of cheap wine (they will give you glasses) and sit outside on a warm Spring or Summer or Fall evening and people watch. You meet so many great people there. Maybe that is what makes Schiro's more than a two star. The people you watch/meet...And the bar-tenders...You can't get better bar tenders than Brian and John (I think his name is John. He's bald and really cool. Leave it at that).
Some nights, then the wind is right...and the people are walking in and out and feeling friendly, this place can be a true 5 star experience. 
It's all about what you want and what life delivers.Love the place. Great service.  Good food.  Cheap enough, good specials.  I am here every Saturday morning.Cute place. We started with samosas. They we're yummy. For dinner I had the Vindaloo curry and my boyfriend had the spinach and cheese. We liked them both but the vindaloo was the favorite by far. Nice and spicy...maybe a little too sweet.
We would go back. I'd like to try the curry next time.Some of the best Indian food I've ever had. Back for yet another round of the Saag Paneer!I moved to New Orleans earlier this year from San Francisco, the Tenderloin to be exact.  Therefore, my weekly trips for Indian food to Jones & O'Farrell (Lahore, Chutney, Shalimar, Sultan, even Naan n Curry on Van Ness) consisted of my favorite weekly comfort food of my life.  When I moved to NOLA, I knew comfort food would switch to cajun/creole - but I had no idea it would be so hard to get an adequate Indian meal.
When you come here, don't expect traditional Indian.  It bills itself as "New Orleans Indian".  And, for what it claims to be it, it delivers.  I have been in many times for the extensive and varied wine selection in the store, but had not tried the Indian food.  
I ordered the lamb spicy vindaloo.  Like others, I was a little disappointed  in the lack of sheer heat at first.  But the flavor, while unlike any other Indian I tried, was outstanding.   It was a little sweet - my wife's chicken curry was a lot sweet.  No potatoes (is that everyday?), but that was always my secret least favorite part of vindaloo (more lamb!).  Naan was pretty good.  Papar was a little greasy but a perfect compliment to the Vindaloo.  
Portions were perfect for a dinner and prices were outstanding.
This wouldn't be a 4 star Indian restaurant in San Francisco, but in New Orleans - as a super-funky place in the middle of one of the best neighborhoods in all the world - it's close to a 5.Go here for early coffee and hush puppies - that's what we did. As you can imagine, the hush puppies were amazing. Oh and unlike cafe du monde, you have a choice of things other than coffee.  They seem to have great food here as well - I mean, serving Indian food? How can you go wrong?  For those who apparently went here for the Laundromat, it's now gone. FYI.
Also we happened to be there at the moment that the bartender was a bit overwhelmed and understaffed, so hopefully it's not like that on a normal basis? 
I like the location, and they seem to have nice outdoor seating along with a grocery store in the back. This is like a conjugation of disassociated ideas, put under one location as a cafe. However, they seem to work out relatively well and I would reasonably suggest anyone to give the place a try, even if it's for an early morning coffee fix.I live 3 doors down so convenient should be a given. However, despite hours being prominently displayed they seem to close when they want to leave. I had clothes in the dryer still wet and had to take them out because the staff decided to close an hour early. i'm sure this was some type of emergency so i'll give them the benefit of the doubt, especially since everything else has always been wonderful. i like their food as well.Breakfast is good but the waitress was trimming her nails close enough where I could hear the snipping. Yikes!!warning-their website says they have a laundromat.   it is closed.Consistently good food in a quirky, typically-Marigny ambiance. I get the hush puppies and an oyster po-boy every time.I liked the quirkiness of this place but mostly the lentil soup. It was fantastic because: perfect serving size & two wedges of naan. Cant beat under $5 for that!
My friend had the chicken Caesar & ate every last bit.  I did (as all close & good friends do) steal croutons & bites of his salad when he was preoccupied. Very nice...During Krewe de Vieux this is the spot my friends and I hit. If we're out of booze, this is where we go, if we're hungry this is where we go. I guess it's convenient because it's pretty close to where we stand to watch the parade.
Other than being convenient, I believe Schiro's serves my favourite gumbo in the city. I don't know what it is exactly... With some other places like Coop's, I think the gumbo there is good, but it could be better with a little less okra...  Here at Schiro's, maybe I like it soooo much because it seems to be so much hardier! Even the bun they give you with it seems hardier! The soup of the gumbo is thick and rich and meaty. Other places, it might just be a thick roux, but still very soupy, with only some scant pieces of meat and veggies.  Here at Schiro's it's super filling.  However, my perspective may be biased because for each of the times that I've had gumbo here, I was cold and hungry, and it did a great job of fortifying me.
Oh, did I also mention that there's Indian food here? And what about that cinnamon bread pudding? My friend and I shared the lamb vindaloo and samosas, and we finished our meal with the bread pudding. That was around 5pm, it wasn't dinner though - I started my day very late. But needless to say, I did not eat dinner later that night, the food kept me full and satisfied, it was delicious, good, and decent!I am really bummed to be writing this review as a 1 star. I love the little hidden gems that the Marigny/Bywater have to offer and the Cake Cafe which is right around the corner from this place is surely one of my favorite places in the city.
Anyway, today we were headed over to this side of town and decided to try something different for lunch. I'd been curious about this little place on the corner and it looked really cute and quirky.
The Decor- Inside the place was cute and eclectic, but if they don't do a little repainting on the walls and ceiling this year I daresay that it will soon start to look divey and not so cute anymore. There was quite a bit of peeling paint and big marks on the walls where the paint was missing (and no, it was not meant to look that way).Anyway, it was still cute inside and I liked the feel of the place.
The food- we Started with Hush Puppies ($5.95 for 6). They were tasty, though fairly small and at $6 for 6 little balls of fried corn dough it was not a good value. Also, they were served with Tartar sauce- which is weird and gross.I prefer a vinegar based dipping sauce as is traditional with Hush Puppies. Unfortunately that was the best part of the meal.
My partner ordered a Mild Chicken Vindaloo meal ($12.99).This included the rice, 3 small slices of Naan bread, and 2 soggy greasy pieces of fried chip things I think are  called Papadon (though nothing like the tasty ones I've had in England). I tasted the Vindaloo and I hate to say this but it tasted like it was straight from a can. There also was not very much of it. The chicken was clearly not simmered with the sauce as is traditional because it was chewy, tough and white- as opposed to the color of the sauce which is what it should be if it is prepared correctly. My partner was not impressed and I do not blame him.
I ordered the Aloo Matter Paneer ($10.95), which is an Indian cheese with potato and peas in a spicy red curry sauce. Mine looked better and I felt that there was a good portion of it. However, upon tasting it, mine also tasted off, like it was from a can. And worse, the potato was hard and uncooked, so half my meal was inedible. The rice was old as well. You know when it's hard bits of rice mixed with soft and the entire thing is dry? Yes, that was the rice. The Naan bread was definitely not made there. It was packaged. It tasted exactly like the Naan I sometimes buy at Trader Joe's. It was dry, too thick, and flavorless.
We also both had an iced tea.
So what did 2 old meals, 6 Hush Puppies and 2 iced teas set us back? $43.
What is worse than that? Not 15 minutes after we left, my partner made me stop so he could run to the bathroom- and I did the same 1/2 hour later when we arrived back home.
I don't know if this place has recently changed hands, or if they have recently changed chefs...but either way the food was not at all good and it was way overpriced for what was offered. I am not a food snob, and I prefer casual cuisine  (think The Rum House, Cake Cafe, Pizza Delicious, Pho Bistreaux....get the idea?). This place was clearly serving old food from yesterday, prepackaged sauces that they would then toss with whatever meat you ordered the dish in, and they really don't seem to care about quality. I really wanted to love this place, it is so cute and I love the location- but I will never eat there again. If you are craving Indian food,please people do yourselves a favor and drive across town to the Indian place on Magazine Street, Nirvana.They are not the best Indian I have ever had, but the place is large and clean with an attentive wait staff and the food there is solid every single time. And I hate to point this out but it actually costs less- with fresh Naan!Very friendly and accommodating service, but still very laid-back and casual: you don't feel pressured to order too much or leave quickly. It's definitely not the fanciest place on the block, but that's what makes its homey atmosphere seem real. It's a great place to grab a quick snack/meal--the prices are good, and the usual fried seafood/gumbo fare is supplemented by a great Indian menu. I recommend the vegetarian samosas and the fried oysters!This Place is a Bed &amp; Breakfast, Restaurant, Bar, Store and Laundramat. The bar.restaurant is exotic and makes one think they are in a 3rd world country ala "Romancing The Stone." The BandB is great. All rooms have hardwoods and a couple with great balconies. The restaurant can be hit and amp; miss- it depends on who was Shanghaied to do the cooking that day. The bar is great and there is an upright piano that some very good players that may pound It's a must visit at least once.Definately worth a visit!First impression: friendly! As in, friendliest in our neighbourhood! I have to admit that the friendly factor has been real low so far (been here two weeks and cannot wait to be proven wrong).
We had hush puppies (soooooo damn good) and Indian (desi daal soup and aloo muttar paneer). Definitely a more western-style Indian cuisine (pita instead of naan) but really decent. These three menu items ran us $25---and thanks to the yelp voucher we only paid $20.
We will be back, and mostly for the service. Our server was just so darn sweet. Loved him!I had a livingsocial coupon for the Indian food that was a bit expensive, each dish is about $11. The food was good but small portion, there was more rice and bread and chips then meat. 
Cute little place in a quiet area with very unusual dinner/bar/liquor store/laundry mat all in one which gives it even more charm. The street outside eating area was just perfect and since it is New Orleans...alcohol was served as well.BRUNCH! Say it with me BRUNCH!  Schiro's a funny neighborhood spot. Fried plates, burgers,  sort-of-Indian food, groceries, liquor store, laundromat, B&B and full bar. It's hard not to totally love this place.
But hello! Brunch! Do you know how hard it is to get eggs benedict in this neighborhood? it's impossible. And Schiro's is totally decent. Throw in a couple of nice bloody mary's and you're cooking. 
Hollandaise in the hizzouse!Love the food... especially the daily specials. 
The laundry is the only one nearby. And bikable. 
Just watch out for the good vs bad dryers. one time it took an hour to dry. The next, I found a good dryer and was done in 32 minutes of dry time  (Probably less, but I thought I would have to add another 20 minutes)
 Sorry, I didn't list the laundry review separately, but like I say, searching for "laundry" puts the nearest laundry a dozen blocks away.I wish they had more food on the menu but overall it was delicious. I got the BBQ chicken sandwich with house made barbeque sauce ( SO GOOD). My boyfriend got a shrimp poboy and fries.It was a decent size and the shrimp were a good size. He told me he was thinking about ordering the fries when we got home just to get them again. Silly boyfriend! Overall, this place was good and cute.Cafe, bar, Indian restaurant, groceries, & laundromat all in one place...wow.
I am totally a fan of this place mainly b/c of where it's located.  It was literally around the corner from where we were staying and dammit, we just found out about it on our last day.  Anyways, it's super convenient to get alcohol, food, groceries, and do your laundry.  It's crazy.  
They have a little Indian menu so I ordered Chicken Curry.  I asked for it mild and it tasted really sweet and good.  Totally not like your typical Indian food, but it'll suffice for NO.  Their salads are a good size portion.  The people who work there are super nice and the crowd was pretty chill.  Good folks come here, you can tell.Weak drink. Soapy glass. Appitizers were meh. This used to be a good place to grab a drink and a salad after work. Hopefully it will be again.I love this place, but I should let you know up front that I have never tried their indian food, so if that's what you're scoping this joint out for you might want to divert to another review. We love coming here for breakfast. My girlfriend and I bring our dogs and sit outside to enjoy the wonderfully quaint area from the corner Shiro's occupies. We always have the same server and she is wonderful. The first time we came to try the breakfast we ordered a round of mimosas, and she was nice enough to let us know that if we intended on getting more than one each that we would be much better off purchasing the bottle, which was only $9! That's right, a whole bottle of champagne... at a restaurant... for only $9. Mind blowing. And their food is cheap to boot. Lauren loves their breakfast sandwich and their two egg breakfast. She says she always judges breakfast places by how perfectly they can cook an over medium egg, and let me tell you, she is never as happy as when we are at Shiros.
I love this place so much, that when my parents were looking for a place to stay in town, I looked into the bed and breakfast they have upstairs. We heard raving reviews about it and the price was right so we had them book a room here. Upon arrival you receive a complimentary drink drink from their bar! You also get free hot breakfast from their regular menu every morning, cooked to order. The room was adorable and very clean, but the best part was that it opened up onto a beautiful balcony with an wonderful Marigny view.
Lastly, I should mention that they have laundry, and a little convenience store with beer, liquor, wine, snacks, lottery and more. This place really has it all.
If you're looking for a cheap place to stay or a delicious breakfast that will keep your wallet from wincing, look no further.schiro's certainly has lots to offer, being a grocery, washeteria, art gallery, bed and breakfast, bar and restaurant.  Good standard pickins, but whats outstanding?  Is the Indian Food...
Julies Little India Kitchen offers Vindaloo, that can be HOT or cool.   I prefer the HOT version...    Fact is, the samosa's...  the curry, all of the Indian food is over the top.
rest of the fanfare is pretty standard, and a staple of the neighborhood.   Great Caesar, great hush puppies, and another really great thing about schiro's?   The CAKES...   Uncle Spitski cooks up some GREAT liquor cakes...   
burgers, bbq, gyro's, shrimp poboys, oysters, lasagna, killer smothered chicken on tuesdays, and always fish on fridays...  Schiros is a very colorful neighborhood establishment that is the heart of the marigny/bywater...A true jack of all trades: Balcony Inn / laundromat / Indian cuisine / American café / Small grocery / full bar. 
Schiro's offers daily food specials, a wide beer variety, $1.75 longnecks everyday 4-6pm, outdoor seating and about a dozen 2-4 top tables inside.
My boyfriend and I chose an Indian appetizer and one entree off the Indian menu and one entree off the American menu. The samosas to start were garnished with tomato and cucumber served with sweet and tangy sauce. Delish! 
I'm no Indian cuisine connoisseur, I've only had Indian food a handful of times so don't take my review as the Word but I thought the lamb vindalloo was great. We ordered it "hot" not mild. The meat was very tender. 
My plate was the fried shrimp which included an average potato salad, chunk of fresh french bread, veggies out of the freezer drenched in oil, and some yucky hush puppies (but in my opinion, all hush puppies are yucky.) The shrimp was yummy but there were a lot of bits of shrimpless fried batter.
All in all, the food was okay. The service was real and the multi-faceted place is admirable. I'd return for the longneck special and an appetizer.Swayed by the number of awesome reviews this place gets I was excited to eat there, and in particular, to try the Indian cuisine. All I can say is what an absolute disappointment. I went on a Tuesday afternoon at around 2pm, and the place was almost empty. A disgruntled looking waiter came up and gave us menus, told us he had a few portions of yesterdays special, red beans and rice, left if we wanted it (why were they keeping yesterday's food to reheat and sell) then proceeded to moan about how overworked he was despite the fact that there was only one other table in the joint. To make matters worse, he left us to peruse the menu, and didn't return for almost 20 minutes to take our order (presumably because he was rushed off his feet with the only other table in the place.)
Now to the food! I ordered the mild Vindaloo, a meal I had been looking forward to trying. When it came I was disappointed that it seemed very small for the $13 price tag, which is a dollar more than the menu price on their website. Upon starting to eat my disappointment grew. The rice was clumpy and a little hard. The chicken was tough, dry and tasted like it had been cooked then reheated. As for the curry sauce, I can only assume they purchased it in a bottle from a grocery store, it certainly did not taste freshly prepared. Moreover, it was obvious that the chicken had not been cooked with the sauce due to it's toughness and the fact that it was pure white inside, rather that soaking up any of the sauce and flavoring. Even worse was the fact that the temperature of the food was inconsistent with some of the chicken pieces being barely heated, suggesting that the dish was thrown into a microwave.
Lastly, when we asked for the bill we were told to come up to the counter, where our 'rushed' waiter wrote out a bill, then told us to go to another counter to pay. He then followed us to that counter and took the bill back from us with our credit card. Could he not have let us pay without forcing us to walk all over the restaurant??? Again he spent the whole time grumbling about having to be at work and how he'd just been off for three days and wished he still was.
All in all a terrible experience, terrible food and a waiter who would have rather been anywhere but serving us! My advice, steer clear of this overpriced and underwhelming joint!Very laid back neighborhood bar. Great Bloody Mary and bar apps....the fried shrimp/oysters were top notch!  Very interesting place to buy liquor, gamble, eat, drink, do it all!Awww, the bread pudding here is awesome.... I don't even like bread pudding i might add. We only ate breakfast here and bread pudding because we stayed upstairs. So, I can't give a proper review on the food. They do have a full bar and a nice wine selection. As stated the atmosphere is very cozy and the service was helpful. We will come back to visit!Scolding this business BIG time: I'd like to report this business for ripping off  their customers!!  I bought their Living Social deal and unbeknownst to me -this particular deal is for "Julie's Little India Kitchen" ONLY which is apparently a restaurant WITHIN a restaurant- who knew?!! 
So, when I went to redeem my discount yesterday at their brunch (which btw had an Indian food item on the menu)- they refused to honor it saying that is was good only for Julie's little india restaurant....
but NO where on the deal does it say:" take care to note, Julie's little India restaurant is separate from Schiro's Cafe."  They really expect their customers to discern this and so when we don't we're made to feel bad for bringing up the coupon.   I really could not believe they would not honor the coupon- it's only $10 off, and now they've lost a customer for life!  I am a small business owner myself and feel this kind of practice is abhorrent!  This is what we call the old shell switch game- it is a sham and they should feel badly for playin' their customers!
The food was decent, although their salmon Benedict was too salty, their shrimp n grits creole sauce tasted like it came out of a can, and their pancakes were dry and bland.  AND, the waitstaff needs to keep their mouths shut and not loudly complain about the Living Social deal all over the restaurant further humiliating their customers.This place is a nice restaurant that I stumbled upon! The workers are very nice an talkative. I had the saag paneer and I was great. Definitely give it a shot :) I hear that they are going to do some remodeling and changes for the better :)When you're walking through New Orleans in 105 degree heat, Schiro's looks like a little oasis on the corner. It's nestled in a residential neighborhood and it's one of the only places in the area to stop in for a quick drink or nibble.
We'd already had lunch and were just sightseeing when we realized that we were in need of rest, a cool beverage, and a snack.  Enter Schiro's.  We had a round of excellently poured cocktails served by a friendly barkeep who recommended the bread pudding. Good choice!  The menu says it's "made by somebody who knows how" and I have to agree. I consider myself a bread pudding connoisseur and this was some of the best.
If you're in the neighborhood, pop in!Almost three years since my last review of Schiro's?! If you read my previous review, you'll see it's from a visitor's perspective. Now that I live, oh-so-very-close, my experience is different, but I'll always associate Schiro's with good times spent here with at least a dozen different friends (and ex-boyfriends).
The food, it's good. I don't really need to go over that again. I especially like the breakfasty offerings. The atmosphere is cozy, rustic and tropical (I've still yet to sit out on the plant and palm-filled sidewalk cafe) mixed with a New Orleans-specific local bar vibe. They removed some of the accoutrements (beads, statues, a room divider), which makes me kinda sad, but now the restaurant feels more open, so that's a plus.
I don't eat here that often, but what I do quite often is pick up an affordable, damn good bottle of Italian wine. Their wine selection is shockingly good! I mean, enough to divide into regions and varietals. It's a small space, but packed with Zapps chips, other convenience items that I'm blanking on cuz they're not Zapps chips (I have deep love for Zapps chips, can you tell?), vino and a fridge section filled with white wines (me and my one-track mind), beer and soft drinks. It's the closest thing to a corner Korean deli in NYC (minus the fresh produce). 
The only other thing I could ask for is that it stay open 24-hours. But hey, that's what Mardi Gras Zone two blocks over is there for (though they don't sell booze).I've been a number of times out of convenience.  The food isn't too bad.  The menu has a little bit New Orleans and a little bit Indian.  Beer is bottled and not a big selection.  It's part convenience store, so I don't exactly expect the world and you probably shouldn't either. 
I've had two different types of experiences here.  When it's slow, the service is decent, but the food takes a long time.  When it's busy, the waiter freaks out and becomes a bit rude and forgetful, but the food still takes a long time.  So....there is all that.  Still, if you aren't in a hurry and you are looking for a place in the marigny to go sit for a bit and aren't in a rush for food, Schiro's isn't a bad option if you don't feel like going out of your way.One of the best catfish po boys i've had! the fish was tender, generously proportioned and perfectly fried. the people in here are supa friendly to boot. had breakfast there, and was solid too. 5 for the poboy, 3 for the breakfast = 4It's a grocery store! It's a laundromat! It's a restaurant! It's an inn!  It's AWESOME.
Though we didn't stay at the Bed and Breakfast, we did eat at the restaurant, which is charming.  Very tropical, with wide, open windows, tropical plants, shiny aged wooden plank floors, and creaky chairs and tables.  Jamey C. is right: it's straight out of a movie, all that's missing are the big game hunters at the bar, drinking scotch and reminiscing about their last hippo hunting expedition.
The food was excellent - please don't forget to order the bread pudding with bourbon sauce.  We ate a LOT of bread pudding during out stay there, but my friend agreed that Schiro's adds delicious crack to their version.  Service was very friendly, but then again, it IS New Orleans and friendly, chatty service is practically a requirement.