Seed is the Mecca for Vegans in New Orleans. Everything is farm fresh and vegan. They take a great pride in locally sourcing all of their ingredients from Louisiana farmers. Likewise they have taken great effort to recreate vegan versions of popular New Orleans dishes like gumbo and poboys. 
You will love the clean and bright surroundings that further the idea of purity of food that Seed tries to present in its branding. 
My personal favorites:
The Baudin - a spicy whiskey drink that gives you a soft burn all the way down. 
The Gumbo - a delicious dark roux gumbo which perfectly recreated the best chicken and sausage gumbo I have ever had. 
The Southern Fried Poboy - these delicious fried tofu balls when topped with one of the amazing homemade sauces (ask for them) it is as good or better than any shrimp poboy in town (except for the ones from Parkway Bakery.)A+ for service and food. This place is super healthy and delicious. I started a raw food cleanse and was craving something sweet. I called and spoke to someone who was not only helpful but was super encouraging.Awsome place , amazing service and the food ... OMG , delicious the chili fries were delishGreat service. I recommend the Tofu Nuggets with the queso sauce. Also, the Seed Club was delicious! Great atmosphere and friendly staff!Revisited Seed and had another amazing experience. The bartender, Chris, was fabulous and made amazing drinks!I'd been meaning to check this place out for awhile. It's a little smaller than I expected although the ambience is nice, open and bright.   Also- I've been a pescatarian for about two years, and it's nice to pick up a menu in which everything is an option. 
The wait staff is efficient and friendly, the food is very good. I've had some iffy vegan food and this is some good stuff. The eggplant was thinly sliced and fried, the chili was flavorful and the raw ice-cream is made from bananas and has great texture and flavor. 
It's a little pricey, but I'll likely find myself here again.Every time I visit NOLA, I make sure to stop by Seed, even if it is only for takeout. I've eaten off of their brunch and lunch menu several times and I have yet to order something I've been disappointed by. For brunch, the nuevos rancheros with spicy hash are fantastic because the spice on the potatoes goes well with the hearty black beans and corn. I also love the Seed Breakfast because the tofu is covered in Nutritional Yeast which gives it that exceptionally cheesy quality. 
For lunch I have ordered a variety of things, but I always recommend going with a friend and ordering a handful of appetizers to split. You'll be satisfied and you'll get to try a little of everything. 
All the staff at Seed is great and super friendly. I can't recommend this place enough!not a vegan, not even vegetarian, but i crave eating something i know to be both tasty and good for me.
enchiladas are not enchiladas, they are raw vegan enchiladas.  i thought the ingredients list made it pretty clear what would be in them (other posters must have glossed over that), and they were great.  accompanying salad with toasted pumpkin seeds was also killer.  
pad thai and veggie spaghetti were both good, but not as good as the enchiladas.  they are served cold, with zucchini or squash replacing noodles, so make sure you know that going in.
my wife is from lake charles, and thru her and Pop i've learned a thing or two about gumbo over the last decade.... the flavor that Seed gets WITHOUT any meat is flat-out incredible.  i liked the veggie sausage that you could add, but it wasn't necessary.  decent gumbo is actually hard to find in new orleans, and i'd add this to the 5 or so places i'll order it.Okayyyyyy. First of all the Poboy is SO GOOD. Also the chocolate avocado milkshake. I plan to come back and try everything. Places like these make the journey to veganism so much more exciting. Thank you thank you. 
Tip to management:offer metal straws instead of plastic ones. Go big or go home right!!I can't express how thankful I am that this restaurant exists. Bourbon Street is fun & all but a little bit goes a very long way. The location of Seed was perfect because it was just outside the hectic city limits in a more quaint neighborhood. Walking in to the clean and very comfortable space was for sure the most I had felt like myself since being in New Orleans. Everything on their menu is vegan which makes my life so much easier. The menu also had an impressive selection, highlights being organic, locally sourced, house made, nola flavors, fresh juices, cocktails and build-your-own or customizable dishes. Every person I encountered who worked there was very kind, helpful and attentive. I will certainly come back next time I'm in New Orleans.It's nice as a person who is lactose intolerant not to have to worry about food with dairy! I recommend this place if you're looking for something light to eat or even something soulful. I had the gumbo and it wasn't far off from other gumbos I've had! Absolutely delicious :) hats off to the chefs! Also great customer serviceService was awesome! Food was delicious! Loved nuggets! Bbq sauce amazing! Nachos were delicious! Will come back!The po boy and Mac and cheese were awesome!! Thought it was going to be a challenge finding vegan food in NO, ended up being very vegan friendly city and seed is definitely one of our to choices!!Holy crap this place is amazing!!! I went with 1 friend, we spent under $50 including tax & tip, left incredibly painfully full after splitting chili cheese fries, fried tofu nuggets with buffalo sauce and ranch dressing, club sandwich with zucchini salad, mac & cheese, and... Beignets!!!!
Everything was out of this world except the mac & cheese, which wasn't cheesy. 
Next time I want to try something else, but I don't know if I'll be able to resist the chili cheese fries and beignets. 
Whatever you do, you must try the beignets!!!
I was worried with a name like Seed that it would be all super vegetably healthy vegan food. Not the case. There are plenty of salads and other raw items including enchiladas, but amazing amounts of comfort food like eggplant poboys and BBQ sandwiches!!!
Go to this place!!!!!!!!!!
Vegan heaven in New Orleans!!!!I had the Southern Poboy with tofu. I had to take another look at the tofu in this awesome sandwich after I tried it to make sure it was really tofu. I'd never had tofu with that crunchy breaking before, but they did a great job preparing this! It also came with seasoned potatoes that were amazing! I was a little short on time and they were able to prepare a take out order for me very quickly! I saw mango lassi on their menu, so I definitely want to come back! There's also a vegan boutique next door. It was so refreshing being able to order anything on the menu without thinking or asking if it had animal products!So nice to come back to NOLA after a 2 year break and to find so many more places to eat! Seed was great  - we had the Caesar Salad (great, but keep it more traditional), breads and spreads and chilli cheese fries. Yummy!My friend and I got here around 7 on a Tuesday and it wasn't busy at all. We got seated right away at a table by the window; our server was really friendly and had great recommendations. The AC was going HAM. We got the mango lassi and house root beer to drink, the fried tofu nuggets to start, and a half order of the gumbo plus the eggplant po boy. Everything was DELICIOUS. The nuggets got to be a bit filling because there are 10 of them, but we definitely still finished. We got them with the buffalo sauce and it was awesome; I added a little more hot sauce because I'm a freak for spice but it tasted delicious either way and was my first vegan buffalo sauce after 6 years of being vegan! The gumbo came with rice and was filling and delicious. Po boy might have been my favorite of all though. The sauce was so good and I love eggplant and red pepper together. Can't wait to come backReally great healthier food when I needed a break from the heavy new Orleans eating. Great staff and decent prciesOK. I have been to "seed" (all lowercase) TWICE. The first time I was on a raw diet. That was cool because at seed (all lowercase) you can get raw stuff. It's very expensive. But, it's good, and it's flavorful, and it's raw. That's not why I'm writing this review, though. Keep reading.
Today, we went to seed (all lowercase) for breakfast/ brunch (it was 9:30 a.m. You tell me.) and we ordered a cup of coffee, and that is a normal thing to order at breakfast OR brunch. It was good coffee. It was fun to watch the coconut milk swirl to the top of the coffee. We were feeling good about the coffee. I knew I needed six cups of coffee, LIKE ANY NORMAL PERSON IN THE MORNING AT A RESTAURANT. "seed" (all lowercase) WOULD NOT REFILL THE COFFEE FOR FREE. It was a $3 charge to get more coffee. That's INSANE. Too bad, because the food was GREAT, and we LOVED IT and wanted to eat it joyfully. It was full of great flavors and dripped with luscious flakes of love. Or whatever, I mean it was really good. But we couldn't enjoy it 100% because I couldn't justify spending three more dollars on more coffee. Would it really cost that much to offer coffee that was bottomless, like any self-respecting brunch restaurant? Look. I don't want "seed" to close. There have been a lot of vegan restaurants in New Orleans that have been fated to close because of stupid shit like this. Why can't these restaurants just be NORMAL about stuff like coffee?
IS IT CLEAR THAT THE FOOD IS EXCELLENT?! IT IS!!!! JUST MAKE THE COFFEE BOTTOMLESS!!!!!! THEN WE WILL COME BACK FOR BRUNCH!!!!!!!!!!!!! FREQUENTLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Honestly, the food is a good deal for the brunch. It was not too expensive and the portions were really big. (Generous, says my partner, who is lying near me and agrees with EVERYTHING I HAVE PUT SO FAR). But I can't go  back without knowing that there is bottomless morning coffee.
"seed" owner: If you read this, and are convinced by my argument, please send me a message and I will come back to your restaurant and drink your bottomless coffee and spend $100. Maybe. I mean I'll spend a bunch of money.
OK, also chili cheese are off the chain, and those pancakes are seriously amazing. Like, AMAZING.The concept of Seed was exactly what we were looking for in NOLA. We wanted to try vegetarian/vegan food that still had the essence of New Orleans flavor and cuisine.
For dinner we ordered the Artichoke Cakes, Southern Fried Poboy, and the raw carrot cupcake.
I liked the artichoke cakes the best, which are supposed to be a take on crab cakes. They were crispy and the sauce had a mild kick. The Fried Poboy was bland but was definitely filling (carbo load). The raw carrot cupcake was a "Miss" for me. I was expecting something in cupcake form but it ended up looking and tasting a bit like sweetened baby food. I'd skip this next time and get a juice instead.
Seed probably would have been 5 stars except for the fact that service was extremely slow. We waited over 15 minutes before someone took our order and kept having to flag someone down for everything (dessert order, the check etc).
Overall though, I still had a net positive experience at Seed and I would come back again to try their other dishes.I love Seed! Very delicious vegan options. The drinks are good too. Friendly service. It's a great place to grab a casual weeknight dinner. I really enjoyed the three bean chili (a little spicy, which I love) and roasted carrot and avocado salad. It's so nice to have a restaurant with healthy, plant-based options. I highly recommend Seed.The food is great but they keep skimping us, i keep ordering the eggplant Poboy and it's tiny with only 3-4 thin strips of eggplant, and the "side salad" or whatever that comes with it gets smaller everytime. And that pad Thai, it's tasty, but it's literally just julienned cucumber and carrot with a peanut based sauce. All cheap ingredients--so someone tell me why THE FUCK it's 15 dollars and the serving is put in a tiny container that could fit in one hand?!? Fuck this place.Liked the place for choices of the Menu and also the Local Louisiana Delicacies. I am a vegetarian so I liked the idea of a Vegan place to have dinner. Ordered Gumbo Cup, Fried Nuggets and Eggplant Poboy. All very good and portions were decent. Liked the place over all.Great tasting vegan food! This coming from a hardcore non vegetarian person is a true compliment!!!Great service.  I had the nachos and they were awesome.  Great drink menu as well. I had to Dooryard Barn with gin instead of vodka and it was heaven.I'm pretty new to vegan food, but I had such incredible food here. Tofu Po-boy is awesome as is the pad thai. 
Excellent service, very friendly :)
I think the Carrot Cake was the best for me- it was so delicious and it was guilt free ;)Finally a vegetarian restaurant where the food taste good and they don't solely rely on mushroom and/or tofu. 
It was beautifully presented, taste great and the waiter was really friendly. 
I had artichoke cakes which were flavored perfectly and the 3 bean chilli. They taste great. My, dare I say it, meat eating husband also left feeling full and happy on a vegetarian menu. He's from Texas so you can imagine that doesn't happen much with vegetarian meals. 
The only downside to this is I also live in Texas and there is no Seed here!Best real coffee house in Boca.  The place I go when I want to sip my excellent coffee, read a book, or engage in conversation.  Delicious smoothies and baked goods as well.Excellent low-key dining. Food tasted wonderful--had the polenta and beignets for dessert, both were excellent. The vegan poboy I ordered for later wasn't quite as amazing, the breaded soy didn't know my socks off but was still decent--probably the best you can do for a vegan take on local cuisine.
Small restaurant, casual atmosphere. Good service.Amazing vegan restaurant if you find yourself in New Orleans this is a must to try!!!Awesome vegan spot. I love the nuggets, nachos and all the sandwiches,but my favorite is the eggplant pomodoro. It's so tasty.Delicious vegan food. Lovely,  lovely staff. Beautiful minimalist decor with warm messages. Will return for mock crab cakes!Excellent qualty , top qualty ingredients but very expensive--grilled cheese, salad and tea 25.00! Plus tax and tip.Such a great place for vegan comfort food! I'm not vegan by any means but have been trying to discover more places with healthier menu items (with healthy-ish indulgences) and Seed seemed like the perfect spot when I was in NOLA. I ordered the chili cheese fries and artichoke cakes... they were both great but I highly recommend the artichoke cakes as a starter. Delish! I also tried the Dooryard Bloomer cocktail and it was pretty good! Overall, I loved the clean decor and parking was very easy on a Sunday at lunch. I'd definitely recommend to anyone who likes good food and wants to try a vegan spot!Disappointed almost entirely with Seed, especially after going to so many great places in New Orleans. The nachos and eggplant poboy were recommended. We got the nachos, which had a very underwhelming amount of toppings. Almost half the chips were left with nothing to dip them in. Still hungry, I ordered the eggplant poboy, which came with about 3 thin strips of eggplant, lettuce and sauce. For $11, a vegan poboy should be loaded with veggies and sauces. This was about 98% bread. Totally skimped out.
The food tasted alright, but it was way overpriced for the amount given. The location was nice and the service was fine, but I will literally never come back here, especially with so many other amazing vegan options in town (Good Karma, Killer Poboys, Bennachin, Carmo, 13, and many more).
If the meals were half the price I still probably wouldn't go back, but at least I wouldn't feel ripped off.I'd give this place 1.5 stars but I'm choosing not to round up. So 1 star and its for the service because it was good.
But oh boy does NOLA need to learn a thing or two about vegan dining. This place was a parody of what folks with no knowledge of vegan cuisine would imagine. Regular dishes with vegan substitutes. Very unimaginative. And the food was bland and boring. I kept wanting to punch myself in the face because I felt like such a poser hipster just even existing in that space.
Never again.Vegetarian gumbo was great so was the Egg plant Poboy once you take out some of the bread. The Mac and Cheese was gooooood so was the southern fried nuggets with the barbecue sauce pay the extra $1 it's worth it. The vegan beignets were get seamed more chewy than a regular beignets, but a good chewy. All in all great restaurant I am vegetarian and my friends who are meet eaters also enjoyed there meals.Food was delicious! Ordered the BBQ sandwich and the Seed Club. The staff was very friendly. Our waitress was prompt and attentive. We will definitely be back to continue trying the rest of the menu lol.While I definitely can appreciate vegan, this is more of my wife's kinda food.
That being said we got the nachos and were disappointed with the amount of toppings vs nachos on the plate. My wife didn't really care for her cocktail and my food was just ok. 
I do think it's great that the city is getting more healthy food choices!If you are in New Orleans do yourself a favor and check out Seed. It was so good we had to stop by again and almost missed our flights home!
First impressions did not disappoint. The restaurant is so cute and small. Everything from the outside seating area to the bathrooms were very clean and well taken care of. 
The first time we went we shared the Southern fried nuggets and the nachos. We also got the Eggplant Po Boy, the Seed Club Sandwich, and the beignets. I enjoyed the nachos but they did kind of skimp on the nacho cheese but I would still say they're worth ordering. The nuggets were delicious little fried tofu pieces that came with a yummy sauce (we chose to get both the buffalo and aioli and mix them together), the batter they use is really good but even though they are fried they are not crispy. If you want something on the lighter side I would definitely recommend the Seed Club as it is very light and doesn't have too much flavor but still good. The eggplant po boy is so full of flavor and is crazy filling! Probably the best way I have ever had fried eggplant. 
The second time we decided to start out with the artichoke cakes, southern fried po boy, a special they had called the seed burger, and the beignets again. The artichoke cakes were my favorite appetizer, they were so good I could have eaten 10 more, everyone should try these. The seed burger was good, but nothing special. We added a side of nacho cheese to the burger which helped but again, nothing you couldn't easily make at home. The Southern fried po boy was great, although I do think they should add more sauces. Finally those beignets. Holy smokes those beignets. I will dream about them until I am able to return to NOLA. 
Over all everything was great and the staff was very kind. Even if you're not that hungry stop in and get the artichoke cakes and some beignets. 10/10 would come again!My vegetarian (no seafood either) brother and sister-in-law came to visit this weekend and until then I hadn't realized how hard it is for one to eat in this food crazy town!  I found Seed on yelp and happened to go on their opening night.  Despite normal first night hiccups I have no complaints and neither did my guests, they were so happy with the food and raved about the seitan, country fried nuggets, and gumbo!  This meat eater will be back!Me and my boyfriend stopped here for a quick lunch and we were pleasantly surprised. I'm vegan and he is not but he eats vegan with me from time to time ( eventually my hope is for him to transition)  Anyways.. server was friendly we were promptly seated. I love how Seed looks! It's a very charming, relaxing place. We got the nachos(BOMB) , some kind of coconut cheesecake along with the chili dogs.I LOVED all of the food and there was hardly any to take away.My non vegan sweetheart loved the food also! Even though he wasn't a big fan of the vegan chili dog he enjoyed everything else and we will be sure to come back! This is now a favorite spot of mine.Pleasantly surprised to find this restaurant while visiting New Orleans. Bright, clean seating room where we dined at a communal table with tall stools. Since I was in LA, I had the gumbo which was spectacular. Hearty, smoky flavor. I'll probably search high and low for a recipe to replicate. I also had the roasted carrot spinach salad which if you like sweet, maple glaze was great, but just ok for me since I'm into savory flavors. Friends had the sweet potato and mushroom pate medallions, Seed breakfast, enchiladas and blueberry pancakes. Only disappointment was the enchiladas since it was pretty much a deconstructed salad. My friend who ordered it said he was still hungry after lunch. The Standard juice was also delicious - beets, carrot, ginger and lemon. Good and good for you!On a recent visit to NOLA, I quickly got tired of the touristy areas (and minimal vegetarian options) and ventured around town on foot. I came across Seed and I'm still smiling about their southern fried tofu nuggets!!! Crispy, great texture and flavor. Strawberry ginger almond milk smoothie was equally delicious. Staff was genuinely pleasant, kind, helpful, and made the experience one of my favorite parts of the city. Wish I could eat at Seed everyday!What a wonderful place.  I am not a vegan, not even a vegetarian, but I LOVED this place.  The food was so delicious, the staff outstanding, and the prices so reasonable.  It is obvious that they care a lot about the quality and taste of their food.  Loved the Cream of Cauliflower Soup and the eggplant po-boy.  For dessert the raw carrot cupcake was amazing!Holy moly!  This food was so good!  I'm pretty sure we ordered the entire menu post Ironman 70.3.  It was just the type of recovery meal my husband needed.  My kids chowed down on the grilled cheese and loved it.  Every bite was savored.It is hard to find good vegetarian/vegan food in the area, but this is the best of the best. The food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and the atmosphere is great. The tofu nuggets and the eggplant poboy are musts, but everything I have had so far has been delicious. I would say the only real problems are some of their portions are off and the seating is uncomfortable. Other than that, they are great.Wow, top 5 best Vegan food I've eaten. Highly recommend if you're in the NOLA area. The Nachos, Eggplant Poboy, and Beignets were AMAZING! Try this restaurant now..I have been a meat eater since birth. I have tried vegan and vegetarian food, all of which was not that tasty compared to the counterparts. The nachos were on point and the food was delicious.For New Orleans, this is as good as it gets for healthy food.... thus 5 stars.  But if you've ever had this style of food on the east or west coast... prepare to be underwhelmed.   
I don't understand why every G.D. restaurant in this town feels the need to "Creole" or " Cajun" every goddamn plate of food they send out!  
Newsflash: somethings are not meant to be New Orleans-inized.  Save you Zatarain's and just make something taste good for the love of God!!!!Awesome food totally exceeded my expectations, nice ambience and organic condiments :) Definitely I recommend the tofu nuggets (which tasted more like vegan fried cheese bites), the coconut burger, and the eggplant po'boy. Sandwich could've been warmer with bread toasted more, but otherwise all perfect!Great little find during our short trip to New Orleans. This place was right across from our hotel which was extremely convenient. I really enjoyed the different assortment of vegan eats. Would totally recommend the artichoke cakes as an appetizer and the cheesecake for dessert. The avocado margarita was surprisingly good. The ambiance is nice and cozy. It is a small restaurant so keep on mind that youll be sitting a little closer to people but everyone is friendly there.Was living in New Orleans for a bit over a year and Seed was definitely one of my favorites! I actually only ordered from them via food delivery apps for quite some time before I finally visited the restaurant. The ambiance inside is very nice and simplistic. The coconut burger is my absolute fav. The desserts are 10/10. The chocolate mousse is my favorite and I had a seasonal cheesecake from them one time during Christmas time that was even better. Would recommend anyone who is vegan in town visiting to give this place a try!I'm only giving this one star because you can't give zero. We walked in and sat down and they gave us time to look over the menu. Then after ten minutes the server comes back to list everything they were "out of", which was 80% of the menu and of course, all the things I wanted to try. We were clearly disappointed and settled for getting beignets to go and got charged $7 for some stale and cold excuses for beignets. It was an awful experience and such poor customer service. Had we been treated better we would give them a second chance but they clearly don't value their customers.Liking vegan food, for me this was a could not miss in NOLA. It was just as incredible as expected. I came on my own for brunch and everything was fantastic. The food, the service and overall vibe was perfect. Loved the "chicken" nuggets and eggplant po boy. Yummy!We ordered the artichoke cakes, Parthia raw and burger and we liked all
Of them. I can't say I would survive on eating just he Parthai. It tasted really good and I loved that there was no ice in my water. the interior design is cool and full
Of light and staff is friendly.How is it possible that a 2-week running vegan restaurant can compete with the best of Philly and New York alike (candle 79, blossom, vedge)? I don't know, but it's true. Try the fried tofu and order multiple dipping sauces: all great. Highly recommend their juices as well. Great service, worth the trek. If you're vegetarian or vegan, you'd be nuts not to find your way here on your next Nola vacay.As a lifelong vegetarian, I was in New Orleans wanting to try classic southern food but without the real meat. Seed was a welcome sight. We had the southern fried poboy and the gumbo. They were both good but I didn't get the really southern flavoring I was looking for. The juices and smoothies were healthy and yummy. I would go back and try some other things and if you need a break from the heavy and unhealthy food New Orleans is famous for, check Seed out.They get two stars for the stingy portions.  And for using frozen crinkle cut french fries! The food is good, but for what they charge per plate I would expect them to be a little more generous with the portions.  
The customer service is awful here.  On my first visit, the female waitress was very inattentive!  She didn't bother asking me if I wanted water and after taking my order she finally asked me what I wanted to drink.  It also bugged me that she apologized for forgetting about me because "everyone walked in at once".  Seriously?  It was not busy when I was there, so for her to give me an excuse for lousy service, that lousy waitress deserved the 15 cent tip that I left her!  
Here's a tip, Work on you service skills!!!This place is amazing! Great food, awesome service and amazing prices. For dinner, I split the eggplant po boy and cheese fries with a friend, and she also got the creole gumbo. Everything was delicious, which means something, since most of time I don't consider food a meal unless it has meat. But everything was soooo good, and I was full when I walked out. I'll definitely be back!Their BBQ sandwich is THE TITS (incredible). Never have I wanted a recipe so badly in my life (and the coconut chips, oh lord). This coming from someone raised on good 'ol, down home Southern BBQ. Also, try the Po boy if you're really looking for something that's gonna stick to your ribs. The service was wonderful as well and there were a number of other things on the menu that I am eager to go back and try.Seed is a great stop for vegans in New Orleans. The food has a higher-end feel but the space is relatively casual. The staff was very friendly and helpful when I could not choose what to eat!
The tofu po' boy has really awesome, flavorful, battered tofu chunks. For me, it would have been a ton of bread to eat but my partner had no problem with it. He also got a side of really tasty mac n cheese.
I ordered the gumbo and really enjoyed being able to try this regional dish. It was tasty! I also tried the zucchini wraps. Although I thought it was delicious and healthy - with cashew cheese inside each wrap and plenty of salad greens - the odd part was the sriracha-based sauce that was liberally applied to the plate. There is plenty of flavor without that added intensity.
I would happily go back to try the vegan beignets, other desserts, and the brunch!Best health food in the city. Everything on the menu is vegan, even the nuggets! The  bartender is comparable to Tom Cruise in the movie Cocktail and the beet Salad is better than anything Dr. Dre could make.This place is kind of hit or miss. The po boys they have are amazing. The artichoke cakes and the chocolate mousse is great, coconut burger is very good. The ambiance is great. Service was a little poor last time I was here. A little overpriced. The rest of the menu is not so great in my experience. It's nice to have a fully vegan restaurant in New Orleans though so that is why I am giving 4 stars.Surprisingly good! I'm not vegan or vegetarian, so I was a little apprehensive, but my waitress did a great job of guiding me to some good options on the menu. I ordered the artichoke cakes and gumbo, and they were both delicious. I appreciated that neither was trying to be something it wasn't - in other words, neither had ingredients that were meant to simulate animal proteins. The artichoke cakes had a lovely, crispy exterior and creamy interior, and they looked a little like crab cakes, but tasted more like artichoke dip. The gumbo tasted more like a thick, tomato soup than a seafood or chicken gumbo. They were both really enjoyable. I enjoyed the healthy meal!Great Southern/creole style vegan food. I went here four times during my stay. I loved being able to try authentic vegan gumbo and po boys. Their beignets were very good too, and not overly greasy. I went here with non-vegetarians too and they enjoyed the food also. The salad dressings, sauces and mayos were all really tasty. Seed is definitely worth going out of the way for if you're vegan or vegetarian and staying in New Orleans.Seed is a vegan restaurant. The menu is exciting and the food was delicious . We will certainly revisit this restaurant when we are back in NOLA.This place is SO good! Lots of fresh raw options, along with veganized NOLA staples like gumbo and poboys. Super quick service and lovely atmosphere. Loved it!I was visiting for a conference and there are not many plant based options in this town.  I found Seed on Yelp and it was also mentioned to me by a server in the bar of my hotel.  I Ubered over very excited to try more authentic New Orleans cuisine done plant based.  Sadly, I was totally let down.  I got the eggplant po-boy, which was very dry and had no flavor at all.  The eggplant itself may have been an OK side or appetizer with some sort of dip, but it was too dry to put on a big hunk of dry bread.  I could not even eat it.  The service was also not good at all!  The server seemed bothered by me being there to order a meal, no suggestions when I asked her, no water refills, just really did not care.  The only reason I'm awarding 2 starts is I finally got to try beignets, they were really good and the decor was pleasant.Went to Seed for the first time tonight and I was actually impressed. Ordered the nuggets and they were crispy on the outside and deliciously seasoned. The sauces were spot on. Also ordered a drink, but asked for a modification. Note to self: don't modify the drink. It would have been great as it was. For dessert, the beignets were spot on! Got to sample the mousse and the carrot cupcake and enjoyed them both. The only thing is that the carrot cupcake really had a lot of ginger in it. Other than that, the atmosphere was fabulous, the food was good and I will definitely be going back to Seed in the future :)They do vegan and they do it well. Pro-tip: Order the tofu nuggets, you'll thank me later.Very good food, especially the artichoke cake and gumbo. Vegan food prepared in New Orleans style was a nice twist.  Kale salad needs work, however.  The Greens need to be massaged before serving to bring out flavor.  Stingy with sun-dried tomatoes and garbanzo beans on build your own salad.  Raw carrort cupcake appeared to be pureed carrots.  Not worth $5.50!  Customer service was OK.  Very pricey$$$$ considering the portion sizes.went for brunch there for the first time and couldn't have been happier. the place was very clean with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. the staff was super friendly and attentive. now the food.... the food was amazing!! had the southern fried nuggets and waffle and it was perfect. though it is solely vegan food, even my meat eater fiancé loved his meal. i highly recommend it to vegans and meat eaters alike.I'm a vegan of 12+ years with tons of allergies (dairy, tree nuts, etc.), and an out-of-towner so that's the perspective you're getting here.
Which means, I know my shit as far as vegan restaurants.
First, the reviews saying this place is too pricy- you have to understand the factors that go into that. First, the food you source will be more expensive because there's not the demand, or the abundance as factory farm meat, and often the owner sources from reputable places and chooses organic options. That drives the food cost up considerably. Secondly, the demand for vegan food isn't anywhere near the demand for omnivorous food, so having a smaller customer base but keeping your doors open makes it so you have to either compromise on cost or quality. Not sure about y'all, but I'll always choose a place that opts for quality. Lastly, since it is a niche market and customers are clearly willing to pay their prices, why would they lower them? This isn't fast food, and I hope the prices mean the staff gets a living wage.
Ok, enough ranting. On to my review!
Be still my vegan heart guys- this place is awesome. I'm in town for a conference and just assumed I'd be microwaving Amy's meals in my hotel (you know, like a cool kid), considering NOLA food tends to be heavy on either meat or dairy. Discovering this place 15 mins walking (or cheap uber ride) distance from my hotel was fate. The menu is extensive, the servers are polite and helpful (I asked one about how safe it would be to walk alone to a brewery nearby and got an honest answer), and my meal was bomb. I got the fried tofu nugget things and waffle. The nuggets were tofu done WELL (fellow veggie people know tofu it hit or miss depending on the chef), didn't have too much batter-to-tofu ratio, and was seasoned in a way where it had a pleasant kick that contrasted nicely with the sweetness of the syrup. The waffles were light and tasty! My mimosa was 99% bubbly, which is freakin' awesome. When I wimped out halfway through they offered to add more fresh squeezed OJ and put it in a to-go cup.
Which leads me to my embarrassing moment of having raised my voice a little too much in surprise when I said, "holy crap you can drink in the streets here!!!" (Duh Tairi, what did I think Mardi Gras was.)
After sounding like an idiot, I paid and walked to the cute vegan boutique next door sipping my mimosa and wondering when I'll ever not embarrass myself in new situations.
10/10 would joyfully yell obvious facts at a server here again.Good place to have some fresh and healthy dinner. The bartender was super nice, waitresses working super great. Tried a couple apps and an entree, had some wine, and a great experience. A necessary spot in New Orleans. The bar was a great juice bar with alcohol, the tofu was super yummy, and alrhough I would have made a few adjustments in the menu, thats personal. Thanks for some great dinner and drinks!As I find more and more vegan options coming up in the city I notice their service and at times the quality of the dishes are lacking. You can't rely on being the only vegan place in NOLA anymore. At the start of service the waitstaff is great but then when they are done serving food they seem to almost forget about their tables and I've spent 10+ minutes after finishing my food waiting for a check as everyone avoids eye contact. I'll just keep ordering to go items and hope they don't forget the side with my sandwich or avacado on my taco salad again.It was a sunny Sunday, and a perfect day to walk over and check out my new neighbor. I was the first in my group to arrive, and after observing the groups at the other tables, I turned on my heels to leave. See, I feel if you're a restaurant or bar owner and none of your patrons are smiling, laughing or giving a vibe of conviviality, then something's amiss. 
We sat down and ordered:
Signature Breakfast
Huevos Rancheros
Coffee
French Toast
The food was fine. Tiny portions and let me just say, Huevos means eggs in Spanish. Something on the plate should suggest the aforementioned item. You know what the real offense is?
Coffee. Tepid coffee. You're selling a pour over at $3 a pop and it arrives lukewarm? And no actual dairy to drink with it? No wonder no one was smiling.
Your drink list looks great. We had to ask for it. Because the table tents weren't on the tables. Sunday brunch - who wants cocktails? I do!
The servers were great and apologetic. If I were one of those servers, I'd spring for an electric tea kettle to make hot water for a proper cup of coffee. Why let poor management hurt my ability to earn tips?I was very happy to find a vegan restaurant within walking distance of a conference I was attending in New Orleans. I came here a few times. The first time I had the southern fried nuggets + waffles which was gluten free as well. The nuggets were amazing. Great texture and flavor. The waffle was okay. It was kind of dry and obviously gluten free. It did taste good to eat the waffle with the nugget but there was too much waffle and not enough nugget. I also tried the eggplant po boy one day for lunch. It was good but not particularly special. The last day I went I got the nachos. I liked the nachos but there were too many chips and not enough toppings. Overall solid vegan food. Not my favorite restaurant but a good place to go for a vegan lunch break if you are at a convention here.This place is amazing and I want to eat/live here every day. I can't wrap my mind around how innovative this restaurant is with their vegan options. I mean come on- vegan pad Thai consisting of cucumber zoodles?! Artichoke cakes that when pulled apart look just like crab cakes?! Nachos that have a dollop of faux sour cream...mind blown!
These people are magicians and I can't get enough of it. Come here and order everything because I guarantee it's delicious!Great vegan spot outside of the French quarters. We went for breakfast and it did not disappoint.