Went in to give this new restaurant a try. It was excellent. We had the hummas and Fattoush salad. Also a gyro plate and beef kabobs. All of the food was delicious, very fresh. And the meat was so juicy, not dried out like some other Mediterranean places around. So happy to have an great Mediterranean restaurant in the neighborhood. Hoping they sell the hummus in bulk. Yum!!We really enjoyed dinner at this new little gem.
 The gyro sandwich and fries were delicious and the chicken kabob platter was very tasty.  Unbelievably inexpensive! Will definitely come back!Best in town! Seasoned so well! Very flavorful, great presentation, love the staff. One of my faves!Eat here.  Everything I've had is superlative.  Turkish coffee =  mind-blowing; an espresso that's somehow black as hell and sweet all at once.  Cauliflower and hummus = incredible.  Falafel sandwich = unreal.  Way better food for super good price.  I'm a fries fanatic and these are McDonald's-esque size but with sumac added.  Holy cow.   Oh -and the rice.  OMG.
Great outdoor seating under shade of trees.   Also has little sidewalk cafe tables.  
If you're mental for sumac like me, ask and they'll bring you a whole little cup of extra.  Yum.  
Pro tip:   Try the apple malted alkoholfrei beverage.  Unique and good.Food is awesome! Best Gyro meet I've tasted. Gyro veggie plate comes with hummus and pita bread. Delicious
Restaurant has character and jazz can't go wrong for a relaxing dining experience. best hummus, best gyroThe food here is really good. The chicken shawarma plate was flavorful (although the chicken was over cooked), but the shrimp & veggie plate was amazing. Nice salads, bread, and hummus too. The service though was bad. Like really bad. The owner wasn't there but his son was. As another Yelper pointed out, the kid is not doing anything to help his family's business and really needs to go. He took our order and brought our food, but never checked back on us or the other 2 tables that were there. We would have loved water & tea refills, but no such luck. We had to go find him to get the check and found him texting or whatever on his phone, which is apparently all he does when he's not running food or taking an order. No thank you, etc. from him either. He definitely needs to go. We'll be back, but maybe for takeout only. In addition to the service problem, it was really hot in there and they don't appear to have any A/C.Great middle eastern food, good prices, very nice service. Delivery from Waitr is great too. I like the chicken shawarma salad in particular but all of the food I've had there has been very good. Definitely recommend.The food was so good especially the beef kabab and lamb chop was perfect. The owner is really friendly guyMy husband and I were on our way to Tal's and read some Yelp reviews about this place and decided to give it a go. So glad we did. The owner greeted us warmly, set us up on their lovely, shaded back porch and brought our food and drinks quickly. We shared the hummus and it was legitimately one of the best plates of hummus we have had in the city and the pita was warm, soft and fresh. The tabouli was incredibly fresh and vibrant and the chicken shwarma was out of this world. This little cafe has affordable, delicious food with friendly service. Give it a try!Great new place, very inexpensive and good food. Friendly atmosphere and staff! The food is good and I have to keep writing to fill the damn thing outWhen I walked in, I was immediately greeted!
For an appetizer, I had the fried cauliflower with hummus. It was tasty, but on the salty side. Luckily, I got hot pita on the side.
I had the falafel sandwich with fries for dinner, and it was delicious ! I devoured my food quickly. I even ordered another one for the next day.
Overall, I love the fact that this place is near my job, and it is tasty! Enough to fill my belly before I head to the bar!Had an amazing dinner with friends! We ordered the Greek salad with qas wshrimp and Halloumi with pita bread. Everything was cooked to perfection and the ambiance was a great neighborhood feel. The staff is very warm and comfortable vcwelcoming. I recommend anyone in the mood for Mediterranean food.hgfouaProbably my favorite chicken shawarma salad in NOLA. The owner and staff are so nice every time I'm there. I haven't ordered any of the entrees for take out but when I dined in the portion sizes were great and the gyro was delicious!Come eat here! Soooo good! Delicious falafel, and the owners are just wonderful, warm, lovely people. Yum!!!!Best in town! Seasoned so well! Very flavorful, great presentation, love the staff. One of my faves!!I've been underwhelmed by most of the Middle Eastern food I've had in the city, so I was very happy to have enjoyed a fantastic lunch here with my husband!  We tried the falafel, beef kebabs, and chicken shawarma and everything tasted fresh and fantastic.  Will definitely return!I love this place, very nice staff with excellent food at fair price. Get take out all the timeMy husband and I, had a mini reunion with 3 friends, at Shahrazad Cafe  last night. The owner is a hoot and doted on us the whole time. Our friends, (along with us) couldn't stop raving about the food. For appetizers we shared: Fried Cauliflower w/hummous and Halloumi Cheese. Two had lamb chops,  two chicken veggie shwarma and one had beef kabob. No one could finish that much food! We went home with great leftovers. Never pass up the Harissa for dessert - amazing! We stayed a long time to visit, and felt welcomed by the owner and staff the whole time.I was really hoping to like this place because I love Mediterranean food. My boyfriend got the gyro which was greasy and mushy. I got the chicken kabob and it was rubbery. Horrible textures. We got the food to go but I have gotten Mediterranean food to go many times and I have never felt so much disappointment after spending $40 on food. The falafels were the only OK item that we ordered.My husband and I just ate lunch here yesterday and had a wonderful meal and experience. I have never had Chicken Shawarma ( maybe misspelling that) so I can't compare, but it was delicious. I got the yellow rice with pinon nuts and a light delicate hummus as sides for the lunch special. I wanted to try the tabouleh salad too since it is a favorite. The hummus was actually the best I've ever had. The tabouleh was too salty for me so I ate it together with the hummus and it was a nice combination. My husband had the Gyros sandwich which he preferred over the Greek varieties he has eaten because it didn't have the yogurt sauce which he is not fond of. Both of us found the Lebanese iced tea too sweet. The flavorings in the tea were great though. The owner Jamal spent a while talking to my husband and was a great host.The food is fresh and delicious.  I live nearby,
 and am very happy to frequent this restaurant. The falafel is my favorite. Prices are very fair. The owner and his family are extremely friendly people. I really love this place.I am not a native to New Orleans but here working on a TV show....which means that I am being dragged from restaurant to restaurant each day for lunch. So far I have been to Shahrazad's 3 times and I keep coming back on my days off. The service is outstanding and Jamal goes out of his way to make everyone feel welcome. I highly recommend the Lebanese ice tea, the Halloumi cheese, and any of their special plates. I will come back again!Seems to be a small family run establishment and the experience started out well enough.  The first disappointment was small portion sizes compared to other area Middle Eastern restaurants.  Second disappointment is that it just seems service totally disappeared and a drink refill never happened which as there were no other customers in the place just isn't acceptable.Mediocre. Fries, pitas, and hummus taste like they're store bought. The sandwiches are underfilled and are mostly lettuce. But the prices are great.Wow, Family owned and operated, Jamal (the owner) will welcome you, his boys are the servers, and his wife's cooking knock you off your feet. Highly suggest it if you're in the mood for Mediterranean food in New Orleans.Family run establishment and in a good location, but portions are small and unexciting. Seemed to have one young guy serving everyone while the owners sat around chatted. Had to grab condiments myself from another table and most were empty. Nothing really inspiring or unique here.Very close to my house, so I was super excited to try this place.
However, although the owner was extremely nice and I had high hopes, the food didn't live up to expectations.  Although there was nothing wrong with it, it was just rather bland and uninteresting.
I do wish them the best, and hope that they'll up their game in the future.We were checking out the menu as we were walking by having just finished running.  The person we presume to be the owner came running out with take out menus and was very personable and funny.  Fast forward a few days and when we were thinking about going somewhere to eat this place came to mind.  You walk by tons of places like this on the way there and wonder what is going to be so special about it that you have to keep walking.  Well it was totally worth the walk!  The food was fantastic.  We started out being the only ones inside and by the time we left there were quite a few occupied tables.  The only call out is some of the tables looked bored; if the place gets more popular (and I hope that it does) they may want to get another person to wait tables.  People are going to come back for the food but sometimes they won't want because of the service.  I wouldn't hesitate to try anything on the menu.If we could leave no stars we would. 
The absolute worst customer service we have ever experienced. 
We ordered from grub hub and ordered 2 entree plates (sub rice for salad for both plates)
When we called to see if the driver could bring ya the corrected rice, they were incredibly rude and suggested that we drop off the mistaken salads instead of apologizing or trying to correct the situation because they "didn't have one drivers."
After our complaint, after they claimed they didn't have any drivers, they threaten to come pick the food up from us and not refund us, which is not what we were asking. 
Deplorable customer service, and horribly mediocre food. 
New Orleans deserves better y'all!Great place for lunch or casual dinner; really liked the chicken kabob and the humus was also tremendousTried to get into Shaya and was turned away since we did not have reservations.  Lucky for us we found Shahrazad Cafe. The food and service was excellent. Much better prices and large portions.  Will definitely recommend this restaurant.Really dissapointed by this place. Meat seemed kind of greasy and the portion wasn't too big. There is a place that shall not be named just a few blocks down the road with way better food. Go there.The food here is great. The chicken shawarma was tender, hot and perfectly spiced. Baba Ganesh, hummus and tabouleh were fresh and also well flavored. The host was friendly and helpful.. go for the food!Had an amazing dinner with friends! We ordered the Greek salad with shrimp and Halloumi with pita bread. Everything was cooked to perfection and the ambiance was a great neighborhood feel. The staff is very warm and welcoming. I recommend anyone in the mood for Mediterranean food.It's was an unexpected visit and even though we really enjoyed the food, the service definitely needs work. 
I appreciated that the owner was trying to get all orders on the tables, but his son wasn't helpful whatsoever. He was just sitting while lots of dirty plates were sitting on the table. 
Overall, I enjoyed our date just lose the son and we have a 5  hidden gem.I really liked this place bc not only was the food delicious but it was also dog friendly. We sat outside on the patio with my little dog and our server was nice enough to bring him some water without me even asking. I wish I could remember her name bc she was very friendly.                                                                       
     I ordered the Chicken Shawarma Sandwich and the Halloumi Cheese appetizer and also tasted some of the Gyro meat and of course the Hummus. My absolute favorite was the Halloumi Cheese appetizer. It was delicious! It came with really good sauteed vegetables that you could eat with the cheese and Pita bread. I honestly could've just gotten 2 orders of that, one as my appetizer and the other as my meal bc it was so amazing!. The Chicken Shawarma Sandwich was good and it was overstuffed with meat.I couldn't eat it all so I had plenty leftover to eat later. Instead of fries I ordered a salad with Feta and something about the spices they used in the salad dressing made it have a different but delicious taste. The hummus was good and I loved how they cut the Pita into small pieces. I will definitely return.Such a nice little hole in the wall restaurant! Had read of the owner's story on Nola.com and decided to give this place a try. I am so happy that we did! Upon arrival the crowd was not bad at all . As soon as we walked in The man working acknowledged us and signaled to me to sit anywhere I'd like. Immediately I  felt welcomed. It wasn't that awkward you walk in and don't know what you're supposed to do. We sat down and about 2 min later were greeted and brought menus. We ordered the Lebanese tea, falafel for appetizer and then for entrees went with the gyro sandwich and the chicken shawarma sandwich. They Both came with fries. I also decided on the lentil soup. Falafel
 and soup came out within ten minutes. Both were delicious! They tasted fresh and homemade . The hummus was so fresh and on point! Entrees came out about 10 minutes after receiving the appetizer! I was starving so it was like perfect timing. The gyro meat was amazing! When I had ordered the chicken shawarma I asked for no bread so they went ahead and separated my tomatoes, cucumbers, salad, and the meat still not taking anything away even though I had asked for no bread which I thought was amazing! Bonus points, it was easy and he did it for me with no issue. The chicken shawarma was so tasty and flavorful. The Lebanese tea was def on point. Prices were very reasonable , I felt very welcomed and at no point did I feel rushed to leave. Now that is great customer service! Will def be back! Love businesses like this! Def a hidden gem!Gyro plate was excellent, wife had kebab plate, very good as well.  Food is well spiced  Portions are moderate and price is very reasonable.  Staff is very attentive.  Menu seems a bit limited which might ultimately prove a problem with the proliferation of Middle Eastern uptown choices in New Orleans.Second time coming here, food is as amazing as last time. The grill fish was very seasoned and tasted amazing. The hummus was very good. The service wasnt as good the first time i was their, but now its just amazing their were more waiters and my waiter checked on me every once in a while to make sure if i needed anything. I will make sure i tell all my friends and family about this placeGreat food and service!!! We pass this place every day on the way to work and finally were able to try it.  We ordered the chefs special app which came with just about everything.  The pickled veggies were awesome.  For our entree, we shared the chicken Schwarma plate, delicious!!!! They have a outside patio that's perfect for this weather, and it's byob!!!! We will be back!Best Mediterranean in New Orleans. Just tried it for the first time. Very friendly staff, fresh ingredients, great atmosphere. Definitely give it a try!Traffic downtown was a little nuts with Essence Fest in full swing and us having two picky little kids in tow, so we decided to get out a ways and just stopped here on a whim. What a great decision that turned out to be. We ordered the sampler appetizer and each got a different sandwich. Everything was simply superb.My hubby and I tried this place out last week. Food and service were both excellent. They give complimentary hummus with fresh pita, which was a nice touch. We had the halloumi app, which was the best halloumi I've ever had. He had the lamb, and I had an appetizer sampler as my meal. Both were great! We will definitely go back.Great service, delicious food, nice atmosphere - all at the right price. Will definitely be returning. Recommend the Lebanese tea and Gyro plate.Freaking delicious. Our table had a gyro, chicken hummus, fattoush salad, and Turkish coffee. I'm hard pressed to remember better chicken I've eaten. Everything was very fresh tasting w on point flavor. Service was friendly and quick too, w reasonable prices. Yes!I've been to Shahrazad Cafe twice since it opened and I'm definitely a fan!  I enjoyed the falafel sandwich the first time and the chicken shwarma the second time.  Both were excellent!  I had a salad and falafel side order as well - good sized portions.  
I like that Shahrazad is right across the street from Tal's, another local Mediterranean favorite.  Shahrazad's table service and friendly staff is a plus.  Will be returning!So good! Go here!! Fresh and amazing!! Baba Ganuj , Halloumi Chess, Chicken Shawarma so good!! Only been open 4 weeks, don't miss out! Jamal is wonderful!After a long day at the park we were walking to a nearby restaurant and smelt falafel. We had to change our plans. Sitting on the patio, the food was fantastic and the service was even better. Incredible family friendly restaurant that's worth every penny!!The gyro plate and the Chicken Shawarma Plate were really good! Both meats were soft and juicy! Had that kick that provided the flavor! The Beef Kabob Plate was okay. I felt like the meat was missing that kick that the other two plates had. The Falafel appetizer was okay, nothing too amazing. Overall, I enjoyed my experience here and wouldn't mind coming back for seconds to try other things off the menu!Hands down, some of the best food of it's type in the city. It's not the "2am Street Gyro" kinda stuff, this is way nicer. 
I had the Gyro Plate. Comes with the meat, onions,  Salad, Hummus, and Pita. Swapped the salad for Basmati Rice.
The meat was a little over-cooked, but honestly, it was great otherwise. Perfect seasoning, great texture, great taste. The onions, tasted like the most perfect "Bloomin' Onion" from outback, but no breading and no dip needed. But the taste was so great. The rice was spot on great, but the hummus and pita were by and large, one of my favorite parts of the whole meal. 
Prices were definitely fair, given the amount and quality. Wait time was a little long, though.
Atmosphere was meh, it just seems like a (nice) hole in the wall. 
But really, I cannot recommend this place enough.The food and service are exceptional; it's nice to see a family owned cafe. Halloumi cheese app, gryro plate, and baba ghanoush are gold star dishes. 
I would like to see the lebneh spread as a side or app plate that can be ordered via waitrQuick Review: go there -- perfect falafel, great hummus with fried cauliflower, and it's funny, but they have the most incredible Philly Cheese Steak. Also found out they have free delivery. Can't beat that. Prices are appropriate for quality and portion. And the owner brought a cup of lentil soup, just cause.My friend and I had dinner here the other night. I ordered the chicken shawarma plate. It came with a small fottush salad and hummus with pita bread. It was delicious! The service was wonderful. The owner himself helped us and he was quite funny. I really enjoyed our time there. It was a cute quaint place with character. The only thing I didn't like was the channel they had on the tv. The half dressed women dancing on tv wasn't what I wanted in my face all evening. I will definitely be coming back to eat here!Pretty good food, the shrimp plate is very delicious. Didn't particularly care for the chicken schwarma. Very good service and great locationHighly recommend - delicious food and reasonable prices.
We kept it simple with two sandwiches (gyro and chicken shawarma).  The food was ready quickly and the staff was very friendly.  Both sandwiches were made with fresh ingredients and very well spiced.  The pita-meat-veggies ratio in each sandwich was also perfect.  Price was very reasonable for the portion size (and quality!).
We look forward to returning and sampling more of the menu.  Awesome addition to Magazine!The best and freshest falafel I have ever had, with delicious tahini sauce and a very fresh salad in the pita!!!  The service was outstanding! I'll bring others the next time I go.New place. 
I was greeted by all. 
Clean decor, kind of nice.
I just tried a gyros to go.
Comes with fries.
Very tasty. 
The meat, romaine lettuce, tomatoes and onion with tzatziki sauce all go into the pocket of the pita.
Every bite you get some flavor. All good! 
Real Good. The fries have some kind of pepper on them, made them very, very good.This is probably the best middle eastern food I've ever eaten. We were in town for two nights and ate there twice!! We've tried the gyro plate, the falafel sandwich, the halloumi, and the hummus with fried cauliflower. Simply amazing!!The food is tasty! Picked up a chicken shawarma plate and the chicken was perfectly seasoned and cooked...not dry like I experience with most places. Very nice staff and even offered me a bottle of water while I waited  :)My hubby and I tried this place out last week. Food and service were both excellent. They give complimentary hummus with fresh pita, which was a nice touch. We had the halloumi app, which was the best I've ever had. He had the lamb, and I had an appetizer sampler as my meal. Both were great! We will definitely go back.Excellent !!! Service and food were great ! Huge portions! Will definitely be back! Thank you Shahrazad Cafe.Excellent food, flavor packed. Delivery was reasonable time.  Reasonably priced portions. Definitely suggest getting a couple dishes and sharing!Great food great service best place for a laid back lunch. Falafals are made just right. Also they have Vimto soda..I'll have to go back when I'm hungry enough for a proper meal to give Shahrazad Cafe a more complete review.  I will say that I helped myself to the Halloumi Cheese & Falafel recently & the food was fresh, tasty, & affordable.
Table service left a little to be desired, but the staff was at least friendly.  Free parking was available on the street right next to the restaurant, which is always a perk with dealing with a business located off Magazine Street.Gyro plate was excellent.  The meat was very tender with good spices and grilled onion.  I had the salad and hummus with it. Mediterranean salad had lots of tomato, cucumber, pickled veg, and feta- both delicious and interesting.  
Not just another shawarma shop, it's a wonderful addition to Magazine Street's growing Middle Eastern cuisine repertoireGreat Mediterranean food at a great price! The fried halloumi was delicious and the lentil soup was tasty and filling. My husband got the gyro plate and finished it all. We will definitely be back!Had a really nice meal here - their hummus w cauliflower is delicious;  lentil soup perfectly made and spiced;  and lamb chops on bed of roasted veggies that was perfect. Plus Jamal is quite a character and so funny. We'll definite be adding this to our short list of frequently visited. 
4-4-19
We've continued to eat regularly. Always great!  One of our favorite restaurants in NOLA. Tonite had the hummus with cauliflower, the fatoush salad and the Magazine burger. Boy - the cauliflower is so delish, and the burger is one of the best in town. Who would expect that?  I just added two pictures but we were too ready for the burger to pause for a shot of it!!I ate here with two friends last Friday evening. I got the chicken shawarma with rice pilaf and a side salad, one of my companions got the Greek salad with gyro meat, and my other companion ordered the gyro sandwich with french fries. We also got an order of hummus for the table. Every bit of the food was delicious and fresh tasting. The french fries were shoestring and perfectly on point. And service was friendly and with a smile. The only reason I am not giving this restaurant five stars is that the two dessert items on the menu were not available. I will be back!Went in my lunch hour so was in a small hurry. When I got there the only person working was crazy busy. So had to wait a few minutes to be served. She apologized and was very attentive after that. 
I ordered the chicken hummus which was outstanding. The seasoning was perfect. Could only eat half so lunch tomorrow. Yay me!
The restaurant is offering free meals for federal employees who are not working right now because of the shut down. Just show your ID. Good people to offer help to those in need. 
Also like the environmentally responsible paper straw. 
All in all a good experience and will definitely go back.Definitely one of my go to Mediterranean restaurants in town. I had the combination chicken and beef shwarma and it was excellent. The service was quick and outstanding.This place is great! We had the chicken shawarma, the lentil soup; and the tabouli salad. All were delicious. We will definitely be coming back.I got a gyro sandwich to go. It was simply delicious! The flavor were perfectly balanced, and it was moist and very satisfying. Everything smelled, looked, and tasted fresh. One of the best - if not THE best - gyros in New Orleans. The owner was really nice, and not in an over-the-top not sincere kind of way. He told me they make everything from scratch, which I have no problem believing after tasting the food. They also have a patio! Can't wait to go back when it warms up a bit and get a sit there :)The shrimp plate at Shahrazad is excellent. Especially when dipped in their hummus. The chicken tenders and burger are also good if dinning with someone that isn't into Middle Eastern food.Absolutely amazing food and incredible staff! They made us feel like family and were so attentive. Favs: hummus, halloumi, and chicken shawarmaMy husband and I love Middle Eastern cuisine.  We tried several different things on the menu and everything was delicious.  Their Lebanese tea is exceptional!Really really good. Just moved in around the corner and not a fan of the other nearby spot.  Well-priced and delicious.  We went simple, 4 gyros sandwiches and a chicken plate. Just how my hungry mover friends and I wanted it to be!  Hooray for locally-owned family business!!!!This new place has now stolen the spot as my favorite Mediterranean restaurant in NOLA. Unassuming interior with an outdoor patio and a couple sidewalk spots as well, which is great for sitting and people watching on Magazine. I ordered the fattouch, and was able to get it with chicken shawarma on top. Fresh, delicious, perfect! My husband got the Philly sandwich and was equally impressed. Definitely putting this one at the top of our rotation.Food was just ok, but service was terrible. We had to wave or ask across the room for EVERYTHING we needed--food, refills, check, etc. The interior was cute, and the large windows for people watching were great. However, lack of customer service will stop us from ever returning. There are too many other delicious spots in the city with way better service.Outstanding addition to the neighborhood! Gyro platter with rice and vegetables is fast and delicious, may even be healthyHands down the best lentil soup in town. So good that the to go portion is too small :/ Best falafel Uptown and at a great price. Nice patio with hookah service outside.