The cauliflower hummus and pita bread were delicious! The cocktail was alright, nothing special. However, the service was atrociously bad. I understand we were seated at the bar and the restaurant was busy overall, but just because we weren't getting a hugeeee meal doesn't mean that you should treat the customers poorly.From start to finish, our meal at Shaya was completely top-notch. We had a very friendly and helpful server, who guided us four newbies through the menu. We did end up over ordering the small stuff to the point that I cancelled my entree and split my sister's with her. But it was just an amazing meal, from delicious combos in a dish to gorgeous but not overdone presentation. 
TO SHARE:
We got the Israeli salad, Moroccan spiced carrots and baba ghanouj, all of which were great. The carrots were amazing, however, and dipping the fresh out of the oven pita into the leftover carrot sauce may have been a highlight of the night. 
SMALL PLATES:
The lamb ragu hummus was just ridiculous. Had we not gotten more pita for wiping up the plate, I would have just licked it. And the falafel and accompanying salad were delicious too. The pita though....so good. 
MORE:
The hanger steak was so good. Flavorful and perfectly cooked. The matzo ball soup, while on the salty side, was great and I enjoyed the duck meat element. My friend's chicken looked good although I didn't try it. 
DESSERT:
Warm chocolate babka with halva ice cream? Amazing. Milk and Honey: labneh cheesecake with granola and burnt honey ice cream? Also amazing. 
A truly wonderful and memorable meal. And Rob Reiner was a few tables away, so that was cool too. Thanks Chef Shaya and the whole team!It's been 2 days and I'm still full from the delicious lunch we had at Shaya. My party of 20+ lovely ladies took over their private room upstairs and had quite the feast.  I wasn't sure I had room for more food after gorging on beignets at Cafe Du Monde, but I quickly made room for this deliciousness.
My friend had pre-planned the menu, which kept the food for so many people moving relatively quickly. Favorite included the pita (best pita ever) with dips, short rib and berry meringue dessert. The only dish that didn't really meet 5 star standards was the snapper, but probably just because I"m not usually a fan of snapper.
There are so many good restaurants to choose from in NOLA, but I wouldn't want to visit without coming back here.So,  so good. My husband is Armenian,  so a lot of the food is familiar flavors he grew up with.  The baba was perfect,  the pita HOT and fresh and the lamb was cooked to perfection.  Not one off note for us.The wood-fired pita oven is beautiful, and the fresh hot pita is delicious.  We ordered several small plates and hummus, and while everything was great, the paddlefish spread with caviar was all of our favorite.  Nice mix of hot and cold items, different flavors and textures.  The neighborhood is also lovely for a walk before or after dinner.  The cocktail list was very interesting, but we ordered wine instead - the server recommended a reasonably priced Greek white wine that went really well with our meal.The food was pretty good. We had the tahini hummus, baba ganoush, Israeli salad and tabouli. The pita in particular was warm, fresh and delicious. We also had a few of the fresh sodas, including a strawberry basil soda and pomegranate lemon soda. 
Honestly, what is docking my review is the service. Everyone I suppose was decently nice, but it just felt like we ordered, and were then ignored the rest of the time. After we ordered, our waitress commented that we didn't quite order enough, then, she never bothered to come back to see how our dishes were or if we wanted more.What can I say? YOU MUST EAT HERE!
This is one of my favourite restaurants in the world, and my #1 go to place in NOLA. It is beyond excellence and I have never had a more well rounded dining experience, which never lets up or disappoints even after multiple visits.
Staff are always diligent and friendly, as well as being knowledgable about the food, wines and desserts.
Whenever we have friends and family visiting - the answer is SHAYA.It's a beautiful place, great atmosphere. I especially loved their courtyard. 
The hummus and bread were delicious, but our server seemed to have a few to many tables and our service suffered. She was extremely nice but the pace was very slow. 
Didn't get our order till to late. The manager was nice, but our server was never present. My beer took quite a while to get to the table, would have ordered more if I thought I could get it quickly. 
If the service issued would be fixed I would have rated higher.Just amazing. Accommodated our large party for lunch and everyone was super nice and very helpful. While the Chicken Schnitzel Sandwich was delicious, the real show stopper (surprise, surprise) was the bread service and hummus. Keep it up Shaya team!Hands down the best food we had in New Orleans!! Everything was super fresh, and so extremely well seasoned and spiced that every bite was enjoyable! Can't wait to come back with my family!-2nd time eating here
-lunch on Monday with friends in town from DC.
-falafal sandwich/cauliflower hummus/lamb kebob and a few other assortments.
-delicious taste for all of the dishes
-environment was a bit stuffy for New Orleans.  1st time I ate there it had much more relaxed vibe.  I was dressed nice and the hostess did not want to let me go pass the hostess stand.  It was as if I was going to take the restaurant hostage- doing what.. I don't know.
-would return for drinks and food at bar.  Had a bartender who had fantastic service and was very professional.  I don't know her name but she had glasses and dark, long hair.Wanted to give more stars but not as good as earlier visits. Could be the change in management. The hummus and the lamb were perfection but all other dishes were fair to not good. The staff at front desk were rude and disinterested, service was poor. Act like a highly rated restaurants and take a page out of Danny Myers book and make customers feel welcome and always be your best.
Shaya was far from that this past weekend. Shaya was a favorite but I would be reluctant to return.Food and service were good. I wouldn't say great or excellent, but I may have had unrealistic expectations based on other reviews. We ate an early dinner (5:30pm on a Wednesday), and restaurant was already loud and over crowded. It was difficult to converse and the service suffered.It's like it's thanksgiving all over again. Ate so much delicious food I feel like I need to unbutton my top button of my pants as I leave.
The cauliflower hummus was reallyyyy good. The babaganoush and lamb was literally so tasty I could have eaten by myself and not shared. Wish we got more pita to continue enjoying since the 9 dishes we got came with 4 pitas. The small plates and entrees (which we got shakshouka and steak) were excellent, although a bit small in portions. And wow the milk and honey desert was good even if I wasn't even hungry to eat desert because of how full I got. 
Worth making reservations and trying out. The downside is how close the tables are to the bar - sometimes felt a little crowded.Growing up in Detroit I have sampled some of the best middle eastern food available in the US.  I was excited to try this place when my friend and Detroit to New Orleans transplant recommended it. 
The bread was amazing and fresh out of the oven.  I highly recommend the curry cauliflower hummus but the rest of the small dishes were average.  Lamb kabob was juicy and tasty. Service was a little off as it took an extended amount of time between our small dishes and entrees. 
Prob worth a try if you live in New Orleans but if visiting then I say stick to the New Orleans/southern cuisine.There is a lot of talk among the locals about Shaya being crowned the "Best New Restaurant in America". I'm not sure according to who exactly... Esquire magazine I think? Not exactly the final word on fine dining, but still, kudos. At any rate, whether or not you think its the best new restaurant in America, it is definitely really good. I'd say the best middle eastern / Mediterranean fare I've had. They describe themselves as modern Israeli cuisine, but a lot of the options will be familiar from other middle eastern restaurants. Baba Ganoush, hummus, falafel, kebabs, etc. 
We got crispy halloumi (lightly fried cheese), hummus with fried cauliflower, and slow cooked lamb. All of it was really good, but by FAR the best is the hummus with their pita bread. The pita is a big, warm, fluffy pillow of flame oven cooked bread. It's really excellent. Our server dissuaded us from ordering two different types of hummus, but that was a mistake. Next time I might get nothing but hummus. And they did a  good job of keeping the pitas coming, though it only took one or two to finish off the relatively small dish of hummus. The lamb entree was quite good too. We'd probably skip the halloumi in the future and try one of their many vegetable options instead.
The decor and atmosphere inside are really great. We ate out in the back courtyard which is also very nice, and has heaters for cool evenings. They had some interesting looking cocktails, and a nice wine and beer list. Despite all the buzz and success, the prices here are very reasonable, its definitely not a fine dining elite only sort of place. People were dressed in varying degrees of casualness, especially in the courtyard. We felt lucky to get a reservation on a Friday night. It is normally completely booked up weeks in advance, but sometimes if you call on the morning of, they have seats that have become available in the courtyard.
Very good dinner, I wish we were around longer to try more.Very busy hip spot. Driving around waiting for hotel room and thought we'd try it. Walked in wo ressie so had to sit at bar. The fire oven for pita and the pita were amazing. Great midfield eastern good. Ordered the trio in the middle- whole roasted okra, baba ganosh, and tabouleh. Yummy starter. Ordered the falafel sandwich little dry but tasty. And huge- served with great crispy potatoes. Also ordered lamb kebab. 
Enjoyed a Croatian wine tooFinally tried this place last night with my Greek friend. It was delicious food and a huge trendy beautiful place! The food was amazing hummus, falafel, and tartare! Ate in the patio way in the back great service can't wait to go back!What a pleasant surprise.  I went here with some ladies for a girls dinner and it was just so delicious.  We sat on the patio which was adorable and made you feel like you were somewhere near the Mediterranean.  The hummus was outstanding as was the falaffel and the fish that we got.  The service was outstanding as well.  I would happily recommend this place to anyone for a little something different than your standard New Orleans fare.Best Mediterranean restaurant I've been to. Literally everything is fantastic! From the pita bread with butternut squash hummus to the lamb kebab-- top notch
Definitely start with the small plates, can't go wrong!One of my new favorite restaurants in New Orleans. Alon Shaya knows what he's doing and is a very talented chef. Food, decor/interior and service are all incredible. I've had more than half of menu and there is nothing I wouldn't order again. The first thing you get at Shaya is their pita bread made in their wood fire oven. It is the most warm, fluffy and all around perfect pita you will ever eat. I used to be indifferent towards pita and think they are all the same. Turns out I was having crappy pita bread for a long time. A summary of my other favorites:
Avocado toast:
Fresh fish and avocado. Has a perfect salty taste to it. The pink peppercorns finish it off nicely. 
Baba ganoush 
Possible my favorite in the city. The consistency was perfectly creamy as baba ganoush should be
Lamb kebab
This may be the best lamb I've had in the city. Perfectly cooked and wonderful combination of spices
Curried cauliflower hummus
Shaya has a couple different hummus options to choose from but this is my favorite. As in I want one for myself and I don't plan on sharing any. Just get it and thank me later.
I have also had their falafel sandwich and chicken schnitzel. Both are excellent also because you have the option of getting them with fries. And they're not ordinary fries but curry fries....served with harissa mayo (seriously). 
I recommend making a reservation as they always seem packed.Walked a mile through a parade to get there. Arrived at 4pm to a nearly empty restaurant. The host said she couldn't seat our party of 3 inside until 5:30. Incredibly rude and unaccommodating.We really loved the food and ambience. The people were very friendly. The food arrived on time and it was very tasty. Found many vegetarian options . The pomegranate lemon soda and strawberry mint soda have been absolutely refreshing. If looking for vegetarian options in new Orleans would strongly recommend this. The price is reasonable.Food receives 5 stars. It's wonderful and the chef deserves all his accolades. 
The hostesses receive -5 stars. I'm not sure what the deal is there. They don't answer the phones for pickup orders. You seriously have to call 10 times for them to pickup. Half the time they aren't at the counter when you walk in. They have no idea what's going on when you do walk in. Seems like an easy fix but it's been an issue since day one. 
Hopefully management can give the chef the support he needs and turn around the front service.Had a late lunch on the Sunday of Labor Day weekend, as no dinner reservations were available while I was in town.  Can't recommend it highly enough.  The ambiance is welcoming and bright, the service/waitstaff helpful and knowledgable, and the food is exceptional.  Our party of 3 shared an order of hummus with curried cauliflower (10/10) and an assortment of 5 small plates to share:  the Moroccan carrots, lutenitsa (purée of roasted tomatoes), and roasted okra are not-to-be missed.  The baba ganoush and shipka peppers were very good but I'd try something different next time.  The homemade bread is phenomenal.  We were too full for dessert but are planning to try our luck as walk-ins because all of the 5-6 selections sounded delicious!  Totally worth the hype!This is one of my favorite meals in New Orleans!  The Pita was amazing, but everything was so fresh and full of flavor.  I would definitely go back.  The people beside us have been in New Orleans for five days and have been back three times.   I highly recommend this restaurant.I've been following them for awhile. My son brags on it all the time. Of course first place I wanted to go to and O M Geeee this place is to die for. I'll come back every time I'm in NOLAExcellent food and service once you get past the reception. The night we arrived there were seven tables open, and three when we left, but they were not taking walk-ins. We had the "three for the table" (Baba Ganoush, Ikra, Tzatziki) followed by Chicken Paprikash and Stuffed Eggplant. All were expertly prepared and presented. The Chef also came over and discussed the meal, which was a great benefit. I definitely will return here.We ordered so much food at Shaya. The waiter advised us to get like three more things so you don't have to order the whole menu! My wife and I always go crazy over the bread stuff at first and aren't hungry for the entree...
I would get the cauliflower hummus over the other small "dips" if you are a small group. The hummus was delicious and the pita bread puts all other pita you have ever had to shame. We also got the chicken schnitzel sandwich which was perfectly fried and a perfectly toasted bread with fancy looking seeds on top. 
We were able to sit right away at the bar around 1pm. 
Bartender isn't going to win the friendliest man award but did try. 
Would definitely go back the next time we are in New OrleansBest Middle Eastern Food I've had.   Just soooo tasty every bit.  The pita was amazing!
Favorite was the hummus with egg and babba g.
Their drinks are great too.  
Dessert, meh.   Oh well, can't be amazing at everything.So incredibly glad we found this place! We are visiting from out of town and didn't make plans until reaching here. When I tried to make a reservation, they were booking for over a month out! I called the restaurant to check if they had a bar which they do and it's first come first serve. Perfect I told her, we will try our luck. Got there and only waited 5 minutes before seats opened up! 
I was so impressed with the bartender (wish I knew her name to give her a shoutout!). She recommended drinks for us and made a customized drink for my BF and even going back to the kitchen to get some ingredients for his cocktail. 
We started with the cauliflower hummus and the falafel. They were delicious ! I thought the cauliflower was just a tad salty but still overall great. The falafel was crunchy and flavorful. It was served with pita bread fresh out of their oven which is fantastic! It's so hot there is steam coming out of it. They also bring a bowl of olive oil with za'tar seasoning which I thought was a little heavy on the seasoning. No matter, you don't need it! I asked for another piece of bread so we could finish up the hummus and they promptly brought some over. 
We should have been done as we were already full. However, given how impressed we were with the appetizers, we wanted to try more! We did the 3 for $15 combo of vegetable dishes. We tried the Israeli salad, whitefish caviar, and the stewed tomato and eggplant dish. I really liked the salad as it was pretty simple with cucumbers tomatoes onions lemon and za'tar. Very light and flavorful! The other two I thought were just ok. Or maybe we were too stuffed to enjoy them. 
We saw a couple of people eating the lamb large plate dish and I have a feeling we are going to try to go back again tonight just for that dish because so many people raved about it while we were there!
Overall 5 stars for service, atmosphere, and food! I did overhear people saying there were a lot of termites outside so maybe try to sit inside during the hot summer!Oh, so delicious! I was not a big fan of the small plates concept, but this place definitely changed my mind. First, the venue is beautifully decorated. We got dinner reservation (make sure you book at least 2 weeks in advance) and it was a little loud yet not unbearable, like other places I've been to lately. The service took a little longer than desired at first but then it picked up. We concluded people who use to go to tapas/small plates restaurants are used to slower paced, longer services. We order the baba ganoush, Israeli salad, and tabouleh to start, then the curried fried cauliflower hummus. Every item was so flavorful and delicious it was hard to pick the baba as my favorite. Also, I had heard about their pita but I really can't describe how amazing it was, so puffy, so fresh, so soft. We then had the Louisiana shrimp shakshouka and it was pretty good. We both thought the shrimp was overcooked but our server had no problem bringing us a new serving, which was perfect. Their wine selection is great, a little bit of everything. I can't wait to go back!Scroll Up + Click "Get Directions" + Wait + Eat Food + Leave Happy + Do it Again tomorrow. 
Just go. Stop reading more reviews. It won a James Beard award for a reason. So please do yourself a favor and go. Quick counting how much cash you have, use your credit card. Tip well and go. Make yourself happy. Stop reading this review. And go. Please stop. 
GO.Shaya is one of the most famous restaurants in New Orleans having received more than one James Beard awards. I also heard that it was also the best restaurant in United States. I also heard that one has to call three months in advance to get reservations. Well, I was very lucky to dine at Shaya tonight at the upstairs private dining room as a guest. The dinner was family style that gave us chance to taste a lot of the dishes. Here are my impressions;
baba ganoush: an average dish, not different than you get anywhere else. This is congenitally tasty.
Moroccan carrots: I personally would not order this dish if I am there another time. It is like curried carrots.  Lutenitsa: same. Pickled vegetables were without distinction. Labneh yogurt was rich & creamy. Tasty dish. Humus topped with curried & roasted cauliflower, and humus topped with lamb were average at best. Good humus should have a light, fluffy mousse consistency with absolutely zero grit. Shaya's humus was not a humus at summit that fits it's reputation. Avocado toast was tasty, topped with red/pink peppercorns with their delectable flavor. Nice touch. Unfortunately, not many chefs use this ingredient frequently enough. I'm very familiar with halloumi cheese that originated from Cyprus as my father was from there. Their halloumi dish was below average. One of my dinner companions rated their fish as the worst dish, and I agree. Hangar stake was well prepared and tasty but accompanying whipped potato lacked the fluffy mousse character and was not tasty. Lastly, if one can screw up künefe, they did it to this dish that is universally loved in Middle East. If this is a dish that is created, at least please do not call it kanafeh! The restaurant was very nice, clean and simply decorated. It is white linen with excellent and professional service.Unbelievable lunch. Lamb ragu was amazing. The bread was fresh and delicious. Tough to go wrong on any dish here. Must have: avocado toast.Shaya has awesome food and the service is great when you're in the restaurant area. The service is pretty subpar if you're holding a private party in one of their meeting rooms upstairs. Overall, though, definitely check it out if just there in the restaurant area; it's very nice.We ate at several really good restaurants in New Orleans, but Shaya was the best. From start to finish an excellent meal. The chicken with chickpea mujadara was amazing and ranks with the best dishes I've ever had.  We will definitely be back the next time we are in New Orleans.With all the 5 star reviews expectations were certainly high as lunch reservations were made for a Sunday afternoon.  Crazy this place is a month out for dinner given the price point, but now we understand why and with good reason.
First and foremost, we travel with a little one.  At the time of this lunch reservation she was 15 months old, which the staff were totally cool with accommodating.  Would I bring a child I wasn't 100% certain would remain well behaved? Probably not, the other clientele did seem pretty fancy, but our little lady has been going out since she was a newborn and performed as expected.  Either way, they will accommodate which I wanted to note.
Moving to the main event, the food.  
We ordered a couple small plates, avocado toast, and falafel, soft egg hummus, and the pick 5 in the middle of their menu.  The avocado toast was delicious, and the falafel ruined me.  My homemade falafel will never again compare to the light crispy balls they served up.  Hummus was light and quite delightful with the egg, pickles and onion served with it.  Pick 5 gives you a good mix of different items, all of which were delicious as well.
There really wasn't anything at this place that wasn't amazing, would totally return and do it all over.Have now gone to Jazzfest on NOLA 2years and eaten here twice. Both times I had a fantastic craft cocktail and both times ate too much because I wanted to try everything. Everything is served with fresh made pitas as they come out of the oven. You've never had pitas like this. They're like footballs. Couple it with many of the hummus' particularly the lamb ragu. But there is so much on the menu. I'll go next year too.Tiny plates, over priced, middle eastern food. Save your money and go to Mona's or Lebanon's. Better service and better food. Don't waste your time.Go shank or go home. The lamb shank was so tasty, the meat was so moist and just fell off the bone. The cauliflower hummus and Persian rice were also amazing! Definitely recommend this restaurant!!The food is outstanding, the service is great. Don't miss out on the cauliflower hummus, the Brussels, and the cheesecake dessert.... Spectacular. We were a party of 6, we ordered a dozen or more items and shared them tapas style. We reordered the cauliflower hummus. Really enjoyed it.Visited New Orleans for a few days for a convention and I was told I had to go to Shaya by a friend of mine. Hands down the best meal we had in NOLA. Absolutely superb. Cannot really verbalize how good everything was. The small plates might not look like a lot but boy are the delicious. The fresh made bread is really what sets it off. My favorite small plate was the carrots and the lamb entree was easily the best lamb dish I've ever eaten. 
Just make a reservation and go. Period.I've been to Shaya twice since it opened, and it's absolutely incredible.  You must find time to go!  Both times I've been, it's been at weird times (once really early and once really late) because this play stays packed.  
I've only been for dinner, so I can only speak to that.  The menu is divided into small plates, large plates, soups/salads, "for the table" appetizers, hummus, and large plates.  The 3 for $12/5 for $18 is easily the best deal around.  No, you're not getting an exorbitant amount of food for each "for the table" dish, but combined it's a great way to get a little taste of everything, especially if you're with a small group.  Between the two times I've been, I've tried almost all of them, and they really are all to die for.  Honorable mention: the ikra and lutenista.  
As for the small plates, you must get the falafel.  I don't care if you're not a falafel person (I wasn't really, to be honest, before coming to Shaya)... you're going to BECOME a falafel person after you have theirs.  It comes with incredibly fresh tzaziki and a little cabbage salad... I highly recommend just mixing it all together for some incredible combination of flavor and texture.  I've had the lamb kebab, avocado toast, tartare and foie gras, as well, which were all great.  Both times I've been, the "for the table" and small plates were more than enough food for the table.  
Also noteworthy is the atmosphere... if you have a chance to sit on the back patio, take it.  We sat out there around 5pm on a weekday before the dinner crowd starting pouring in, and it was just so enjoyable out there.  It's a tight enough spot that the sun isn't beaming down on you (in the evening), but you still get all the joys of being outside.  With a glass of wine in your hand, it feels so cozy and laid-back.  
Long story short, get over there now!  This place is going to be huge.All the reviews are correct, this place is delicious. I was somewhat hesitant because I am somewhat of a picky eater and typically go with the "safe" choices. We had the hummus, cauliflower, baked chicken, and lamb. Finished off the meal with the chocolate babka which is really the only part I didn't love. I'm a huge dessert fan and the babka was like a piece of toast to me, but the rest of the meal was amazing!Oh my goodness how splendid.  This restaurant was so rarely wonderful and delicious.  It has not been since I ate at Merenda in Milwaukee (a long time ago) that I walked out of a restaurant so wowed by the incredible and sophisticated flavors.  Furthermore, no one could have convinced me that a menu that is 90% veggies could have captivated me as much as this place.  It's casually elegant and fun but the real star here is the chef.  I don't have adequate superlatives to describe just how good this place is.  If anyone does not enjoy the food here, he or she simply has a bad pallet.  Did I say the fresh out of the oven pitas were to die for?Best Mediterranean food I've had- the cauliflower hummus is a must try. Everything is delicious here and the selection of alcohol is perfect- not over or underwhelming and they have one of my favorite wines it doesn't hurt that the whole wait staff is inexplicably attractive and friendly either lolEverything we ordered, including the cocktails, was great! Especially loved the pita bread and the lamb main course.We drove 4 hours to New Orleans, just so we could have lunch at Shaya. They welcomed us right in, and without a reservation were able to accommodate us on the patio, which was remarkable.  Everything we ordered was phenomenal, from start to finish, both food and cocktails.
Courtney did an excellent job tending to our needs, especially since our guest had certain allergies. 
We cannot wait for the opportunity to sample the offerings we couldn't get to today, and to revisit the fantastic things we have now sampled...
Thank you all so much for surpassing our already lofty expectations!When you can only get a reservation for a Monday night & the place is packed, you get the message...it's worth a visit. Patterned after Yotam Ottelengi's Jerusalem cuisine, it's a welcome addition to the NOLA food scene. The service is as warm & friendly as the food is great. Won't disappoint the adventurous.Its a beautiful restaurant with an amazing ambience and great service. The problem was the food. We ordered the hummus - CHANTERELLE, SHAKSHOUKA, muhammara, and the morrocon tea. The hummus was non existent and got lost in the toppings. It seems we were having some vegetable mixture. The shakshouka was good but didnt satisfy our taste buds. We paid 60 bucks for this food so just didnt live up to the hype and price. We were expecting way more. In btw the pita and olive oil combo was the best and morrocon tea was excellent.It lives up to expectations! We had small plates and lots of hot pita bread. Truly great food and atmosphere. The services have to be positively mentioned due to their attention to detail and knowledge of the platesEverything about this place was outstanding. The decor is very modern; restaurant very clean. The staff is wonderful and very helpful. Sat at the bar as the restaurant was booked for lunch. Ordered three starters - Moroccan carrots, pickles, and Israeli salad. All delicious - amazing flavors. The fresh HOT pita bread accompanied all dishes. This was followed by avocado smoked whitefish toast and shakshouka skillet. Wow wow wow. We couldn't stop oooing and moaning over this food. So many amazing flavor combinations. We couldn't get enough. We topped this off with halva cappuccinos and two scrumptious deserts: honey&milk (cheesecake with halva ice cream over granola) and malabi with kumquats and pomegranate. This was mind blowing. The latter was a vanilla custard with pomegranate - not too sweet, not too sour JUST PERFECT!! My hubby also ordered two drinks. Both phenomenal. The only downside is the TINY  portion of Israeli salad and other starters for the price. Will definitely come back !!!!First, make reservations. We called 45 minutes ahead. Told them we would be there in 35-45 mn. No one said oh, make reservations. They fit us in. The wait person Nicole was a superstar. Guiding us through the menu and figuring out we like it spicy and flavorful. Brought in three kids, ages 5, 14 and 15. If they are patient, it's great. It's not cheap, meant to be a full experience. Appetizers, dinners and desserts. Small menu, but great. We got six different dishes including four appetizers and one special flatbread, some lamb kebabs a chicken and a seafood. Really good.Amazing!  The best pita bread I've ever eaten.  Nothing else even comes close.  Best bread period.  The cauliflower hummus was amazing.  The lamb shank was perfect.  When my friends suggested this restaurant I wasn't sure it was for me.  I was very wrong.  The pita bread alone is worth the trip and then you find other amazing dishes to go with the bread.  I will be back!I've tried to make a reservation for Shaya the second we booked our trip to NOLA, approximately 2.5 months ago.  Unfortunately, even with the long lead time, the only reservation I can snag was for 9:30pm on a Sat.  As such, I've came here with high expectations, and I am happy to report that it was definitely worth the wait.  We were seated in the front, which was dark and intimate.  The restaurant was still quite full despite the time.  We didn't try more dishes because of how late it was, and since our body was still at EST, we were quite tired when we sat down for dinner.  
Dishes we tried:
Baba Ganoush, Lutenitsa & Ikra - we decided to start with three dips, baba ganoush is usually my go-to dip and it definitely did not disappoint.  Loved the smokiness of the eggplant.  Lutenitsa was my least favorite dip, it tasted like canned tomato sauce.  Conversely, I fell in love with Ikra.  It was my first time trying Ikra, and now I wonder where has it been my whole life.  I was worried that it would be too fishy, but the roe was subtle and did not overwhelm the dish.  However, the star of this dish was definitely the home made pita bread.  It was so soft and fluffy, like a little beautiful cloud.  We attacked the first one in mere minutes and asked for a second one.  However, after finishing the second one in similar fashion, I was reluctant to ask for another one, for the fear of being deemed too greedy.  When the waiter stopped by to refill our water, he noticed the empty plate and offered to bring us another one, who am I to say no that that?!  If I can, I would eat that pita bread everyday, it was perfection.
Lamb Kebab - the lamb was well seasoned and went well with the pita bread (yes I vow to mention the pita in every sentence of this review).  Overall, this dish was good, but it didn't really stand out.
Crispy Halloumi - I love halloumi, and who can resist fried cheese.  I personally loved this dish, but the guy thought it was too dry, even when paired with the accompanied preserve. I love the addition of kohlrabi and wish there were more of it in this dish.
Service was impeccable, the servers were helpful and attentive without being intrusive.  I really wish I could've tried more dishes, especially dessert, but by the time we finished the aforementioned plates, we were thoroughly exhausted.  This is definitely one of the restaurants in NOLA that I would love to come back and try again.  Funny side note, the Uber driver that picked us up from the restaurant also raved about how amazing Shaya was, and we promptly spend the entire ride to the hotel discussing our favorite dishes.I did not find this restaurant to be very authentic. Perhaps it's not meant to be?  Nothing in the decor says Middle East. But that's just an observation, not a knock. But I think I'm down on this place for one simple reason. I didn't like my dish. I ordered the shakshuka which only comes 1 way. It would be nice to have the option to add something like eggplant or sausage, or on top of hummus. But my main complaint, aside from it also being too liquidy, was that it was so tangy, bitter, acidic...with every bite I was cringing at the twang. Even the beautiful pita couldn't cut it down. 
I've had shakshuka, I make shakshuka, I've been a return customer to a good shakshuka place, but I'll never order shakshuka again here. They missed the mark terribly. Sorry. 
Now for the good. The hummus was probably the best I've ever had. That means a lot. Had it with cauliflower and it was perfect. If I do go again just to see if it was just a bad dish, I want to order the sabich which I should have ordered in the first place. 
Sorry to trash your shakshuka which brings down my ratings but it is very rare for me to not like a meal I've ordered at a restaurant, especially one with such a strong reputation.Excellent food, especially the fresh baked pita bread, hummus and lamb kebabs. Cocktails are outstanding as well.Such a wonderful experience! Desmond was our very friendly, helpful waiter. He was knowledgeable and gave great suggestions. The cauliflower was our favorite, but in all honesty everything was our favorite. The pita bread is made fresh and I couldn't stop eating it. The lamb ragu hummus was amazing! I will be craving Shaya until I return to New Orleans.Thank goodness for restaurants like Shaya so I don't have to eat fried food on vacation. 
They received the James Beard Award and whew, this was one of my favorite meals in New Orleans. The food was fresh - the woman who sat at the bar next to me got the same meal: curried cauliflower hummus with fresh puffy pita and the falafel plate. I don't even like falafels and I loved all of this, especially the cauliflower.
The bartenders, Ashley and Kelly, were super friendly and professional. I loved watching them mix these gorgeous drinks. Shaya is a must!The food is good. The bread is fresh baked and outstanding.  I am greek and middle eastern so I grew up on this food. There were several adaptations I was not personally happy with. I dont like almonds in tabouli. I also would prefer they call the lamb kufta instead of kabob.  It is not a solid piece of lamb meat. It is good however.  My biggest complaint is their discription of the food. It is not very accurate.  Personally I think the place is very overpriced especially the wines.  I can take you to wonderful places in LA, New York or Boston that have delicious food for half the price. I guess in New Orleans this is all they have.A must visit!!! Get reservations to make sure you can get in! The best service and the best food, but seriously take it easy on that pita!! We have lived in Baton Rouge for 6 months, and have been to this restaurant 5 times. When my fiancé says we are going to New Orleans, I always get a smile and he replies, "yessss, we can go to shaya".  Do not plan on getting a meal to eat yourself, you need to try everything and sharing is a must! Especially the humus, if you do not get the humus, you have to go back and get It. LOVE this place!Really beautiful interpretation of Mediterranean flavors. The watermelon, soup, breads - all uniquely done in a perfect, creative way. Definitely understand why this chef is James Beard Award winning. It is a gem in New Orleans of elevated dining.Quite simply, fantastic. My girlfriend actually told me the braised lamb shank was some of the best food she's ever had. The service was great, the chef came out and personally asked us how our experience was and if the food was good, and the starters were on point. Get the mint tea too- you will not regret it.Most definitely one of the best mediterranean food I ever had in my life. I had some good hummus, but their hummus is good as anyones.. It gets better with their HOT HOT pita bread.. Well balanced and delicious meal.. The service is wonderful as well.. I will be back Shaya..Everything was amazing! I definitely recommend this place to the T! From the atmosphere to the service was just exceptional. I don't remember my server name but she was very nice and attentive to me and my guest. It was my first time coming here and I definitely will be coming back. I recommend everything from the fresh hummus and pita bread it was just amazing. The cocktails are just delicious, the wines are smooth, and doesn't leave a bitter taste in your mouth. One of the best restaurants I have been too since I have moved here and cannot wait to come back againFantastic food.. just takes a few visits to get your order right.. The sizes of the plates and what they mean by a "salad" is a little different than what you might expect.. Great service..I LOVE THIS PLACE!  Easily my favorite restaurant in New Orleans and my top 10 anywhere.  The small plates (3/$15 or 5/$23) are absolutely delicious - make sure to try the Israeli salad and tershi.  The staff and service are top-notch and my only complaint is that I wish it were easier to get a reservation!What can I say? This place is a James Beard award winning restaurant for a reason! That reason may be attributed solely to that steamy, scrumptious pita, but also could have something to do with their exciting varieties of hummus... or maybe it's that dynamite shakshouka. Whatever it is, you should go asap and try the Mint Tea too. We ordered it to warm ourselves outside, and it's so comforting and yummy. Shaya is amazing and Alon is the man!I'm a big fan of hummus and I'll have to say that Shaya's cauliflower hummus is my all time favorite!Holy Cow! This place was delicious!!! The hummus is a MUST. I had the curry fired cauliflower hummus but all of them looked spectacular. The kibbeh nayah was out of this world as well. 
I came by myself, sat at the bar and had a late dinner. The only fault with the evening was on my own bc I wish I could've had someone with me to order more food to try.
Never thought I'd go to New Orleans and race about Israeli food- but this place is a slam dunk!
Super friendly waitstaff! Better than the hype!Definitely my favorite place in New Orleans!!! The chicken is the best I've ever had. That bread coming out of the wood burning oven is amazing. Don't miss the tartare!Went 2 years prior when it just opened and had a mind-blowingly excellent meal.  Went last year and had a PHENOM visit.  This year was ok but not on the same level.  Those experiences round up to 3 stars combined since I'm going on the more recent visit.
Drinks:
There's sparkling, still and tap water.  We were not offered any options although the wealthy couple (super friendly to us, thank goodness, because seats are rather close together) who sat next to us a few moments later were offered all three.  I would've loved sparkling which I don't remember being offered before!  Oh well.
I used to be a hearty drinker years ago but I'm practically a teetotaler nowadays because I care about my brain and liver.  However, this was vacation and we're in NO so I decided to splurge and have a glass of booze on this visit!  Wine list didn't blow me away.  Spent a few minutes looking up some of their less expensive (read: $30-$50 per bottle) wine selections online and found the markup to be astronomical (some almost 75%) and the type of wine I gravitate towards (reds not-merlot-nor-sweet-but-earthy) mostly received lukewarm reviews from various publications.  I decided not to risk it and instead order a mezcal based specialty drink which was fine. I should've just gotten a good scotch and called it a day.  My husband's drink was something with a shrub tincture and he said it was fine.  We were not asked if we wanted another drink after our first ones were finished and our waiter didn't reappear until our meal was complete.  I was more than ok with that but my husband was not since he had wanted to try something different.
In a city where coffee is dark and bitter this was definitely a lighter brew than we had previously.  Last year they brought out the press let it sit then pressed it for us.  This visit they just brought out pre-made in a metal pot.  
Service:
Our server was friendly enough but we noticed that we received verrrrrryyyyy different service than the obviously affluent folks who sat next to us.  Besides the failure to offer us a water choice he also didn't give us the spiel about specials and offer suggestions in regards to drinks.  They got the type of service I received in the past and wish I'd gotten on this visit but didn't.  I know I don't have a rock on my finger as big as a house nor do I have the fanciest duds but dagnabit, I've got money to spend!   
Plates were not cleared and even though we never received side plates, which would've been very helpful, the tables are so small that things quickly get crowded and cramped.  I don't think I should *ever* have to stack my own plates at a place like this.  :(
Food arrived quickly and with a smile, and he did box up the left over food and include a fresh pita but for a $100 lunch for 2 people I would have loved to have learned more about the food prep, etc.  This was a special trip and we were so looking forward to a stellar experience but got 'meh' instead.
During the previous visits we received stellar service so 2 out of 3 is a good average all-in-all.
Food:
The pita was amazing as usual.  PIPING HOT!  I had to control myself to not stab my husband's hand away from it every time he tore a piece off.
The hummus isn't that bland crud you've had a grocery stores or the grainy spread you may have eaten at other places.  This stuff is smooth, heavenly and worth savoring.  Never had a bad choice of hummus!
SHAKSHOUKA - This is supposedly a 'hot' dish both literally and figuratively as of late. Alas, here it was lukewarm and definitely not the best representation I've ever had.  Stick with the pita, hummus and falafel starter dishes and skip this one.  Bland, mushy and our eggs was cooked rock hard.  
Actually, just skip the mains and stick with the smaller portions in general.  Do light lunch.   You'll be glad you did.  Your tummy and your wallet will thank you!
Space:
This is a bustling spot and it gets loud very quickly.  I don't think it's a romantic spot.
Decor is minimalist but not cheap and not stuffy.  I think it could do with a bit more personal touches but that's just me.Bad bad bad
Don't spend your time
Every basic Israeli restaurant top this over rated restaurExtremely delicious falafel, perfectly tasting humus and fluffy warm pita are the plates to eat in this clean-chic restaurant. The nice little garden/terrace in the back is for sure a romantic place to be when you go out with your love, especially when it's hot outside. Definitely a restaurant worthy to spend a visit.Second visit visit for our party of three. The food was fabulous, the service not so much. I was first to be seated and ask our waitress A**** if she could do two checks for the table. My question was met with a look of disdain and a "I can't do that". Fine perfectly understandable if it's not the restaurants policy. Food ordered and everything was delicious. At one point A**** asked us if us if we would like another pita bread. We responded yes, but she never brought it. My friend ordered a second drink and 10 minutes later A**** noticed her empty glass and stated "oh yeah you wanted another drink, what was it again". I walked to the back of the restaurant to use the ladies room and found my way blocked by A****, the hostess, and another waitress who were standing around giggling. No apology from any of them when I had to go around them to get to my destination. I ordered an expresso with my dessert and it was never served. According to A**** there was a problem with the entry system when it was time to pay our check, but since earlier in the meal she'd walked by our table yawning I'm guessing something else was to blame. Someone needs to reassert some adult supervision on the front of the house of this restaurant. The "deal with it, you're lucky to be in our presence" attitude of the staff will cancel out the fabulous food eventually.New to New Orleans comes a truly gourmet and inspired take on dishes you are probably somewhat familiar with. Sure, you've had hummus and falafel before ... but trust me, it was never this good. Everything here is elevated to perfection. 
They bring you pita bread from a blazing hot oven. It's a cloud of the freshest most wonderful pita you've ever had. It's accompanied by some olive oil and spices. This is a dangerous offering, because it's so hard not to keep eating it! Honestly, you could go to Shaya, order a bottle of wine, have this pita and oil ... and not want anything else. Exercise some restraint and save room for other dishes ... you'll be glad you did.
My wife and I ordered a trio of "For The Table" items, two of which were essentially destined to be a gourmet schmear. The trio consisted of lutenitsa, a purée of roasted pepper, eggplant, garlic and tomato. It was like an exotic and ultra rich tomato paste, full of spices. We also had ikra, a caviar spread that reminded me of taramasalata. Finally, rounding out our trio was the watermelon and Bulgarian feta. Three refreshing balls of melon were accompanied by two tart and creamy balls of feta cheese and everything was drizzled with harrisa and walnuts. My wife and I feel that this dish only needs one thing to improve it ... a third ball of feta to go with that last melon ball. 
We had to try their hummus, based on all the raves I've read. We had their curried cauliflower hummus. Superb. Everything overwhelms with its freshness and attention to detail. Something as humble as hummus here takes on a new dimension in sumptuousness. 
Next came their take on matzo ball soup, done with duck instead of the usual chicken. Duck fat replaced the traditional schmaltz and there were tender morsels of duck that tasted as good as the best confit. The matzo balls were incredible. Only downside at this point was how much pita I had already eaten. It's hard not to eat bread here. 
On the subject of bread, we also had their avocado toast. Thick slices of dark rye bread were covered in rich creamy avocado and topped with smoked whitefish and pink peppercorns. Spectacular. 
Finally, in keeping with the tradition of ordering just a bit too much to eat ... we had their falafel which was nice a crunchy on the outside, with a moist and tender nutty inside. This was served with the best tzatziki sauce I've ever had. 
They have some very interesting sounding cocktails and beers on their drink list, but we decided on a nice light white wine. We had a great Croatian wine. I forgot to take a picture of the label, but I think it was Kozlovic Malvazija. Crisp, bright, citrusy ... perfect for a warm sunny day in New Orleans. 
How nice to have such a great new place in the neighborhood! I'm looking forward to our next visit.Checked this place out while in NOLA. Glad we did. Place is very nice. The ambiance is awesome nice music, nice decor, and pleasant staff. Food was delicious. The lamb ragu humus was amazing. High recommend.I've eaten here 6 times. There are enough reviews so I just want to say a few things about this place. 
I have never experienced this cuisine elevated to this level. It reminds me of what Rick Bayless did for Mexican food in Chicago. I have no doubt there will be chefs trying this in other cities soon. It's groundbreaking and deserves its accolades. 
A great restaurant is about consistency, service and attention to detail. I've had 6 excellent meals. I've seen lots of interesting menu changes and tried many of these. You can read reviews that talk about them specifically. I've never ordered a dish I didn't care for. 
A couple tips. My wife and I like to get 3/$15 from the center of the menu, 1 hummus and something from the left. You'll leave stuffed. We also like doing 5/$23 and getting a hummus. I've enjoyed the mazoh ball soup. 
I can't recommend BRG restaurants though and the ending to chef Shaya.Their hummus is spectacular. Enjoyed the small portions appetizer to get to try several items. Wish they had more items on the menu for the entree options.