I had high hopes for the Sheraton New Orleans.  I was staying here for a convention and got a room on the club floor.  Here's the good. If you're staying on a club floor, you'll have access to the club lounge, which serves free breakfast and appetizers with a fully stocked non-alcoholic fridge.  Also, because I was on a club floor I had an amazing view of the city.  The club floors are highest floors in the hotel.  (There are 49 floors; I stayed on the 47th floor.)  The hotel was also a great place for our conference.  We had plenty of space for all the events, and the conference rooms were nice.  Plus, the Sheraton has a great location on Canal Street, so it's a short walk to Bourbon Street and the French Quarter.
Here's the bad, and the reason for the 3 star rating.  The wifi in the hotel isn't that great.  I stayed 4 nights and had to reconnect every 24 hours.  The reconnection process was super slow and would sometimes kick me off the wifi for hours.  So, that was obviously a huge inconvenience.  When I checked out, I complained to the front desk staff about the wifi and was credited 500 Sheraton points.  It was a nice gesture, but I would have preferred working wifi instead.  
Second, not so great thing - no mini bar in the room.  I realize all the prices of items in the mini bar are generally outrageously expensive, but it still would have been nice to have the option, especially when the hotel requests for its guests not to bring outside alcohol into the hotel.  It just doesn't make sense.  If you don't want us to get it elsewhere, then supply us with it to begin with.   
Third, false charges made to my room.  When I went to check out I was told that I had been emailed a copy of my bill.  That's great.  I love having a copy I won't lose, but the server was down, and the bill wasn't sent.  So, I asked for a hard copy.  When I got it, I noticed a mysterious room service charge on my bill that I didn't make.  I was told to call Sheraton customer service to dispute the charge.  I have dealt with Sheraton customer service before and they have always routed me back to the individual hotel because the call center doesn't have authority to make certain decisions.  I knew if I was going to get the charge removed it would be when I was checking out with a live person standing in front of me.  At my insistence that she show me the room service bill, the front desk lady finally left to hunt it down.  After 20 minutes she returned and apologized because no bill could be produced.  It really makes me wonder if something sketchy was happening.  If someone had accidently charged something to my room because their room number was similar, wouldn't a bill be available for me to see?  Regardless the charge was removed, so I was happy about that.  
I appreciated the gestures to make amends for the mistakes (mysterious room service charges & spotty wifi), but I it's still annoying to have to take extra time to prove I'm not a liar.  I might come back here again, but with so many other choices of hotels in the area, I probably won't.First of all, I must disagree with some of the other reviewers about this hotel. We found the physical plant to be quite well done...contemporary and elegant in a corporate way. It did seem the hotel has been relatively recently renovated. The rooms are spacious, well thought-out, and comfortable. There is down bedding, a flat-screen, and a marble bathroom. Frankly, I was surprised This was a Sheraton. And the location was really great with the trolley line directly out front, and the French Quarter to be easy walking distance. Finally, we found the staff to be extremely helpful and accomodating, especially with problems we would encounter later.
We checked in the afternoon on a Friday of a holiday-weekend. Though the lobby was bustling, we made it through in an expedited fashion. We were even greeted by a manager who gave our four-year-old a bunch of beads and made her trip. I should note that we are SPG members, though not even gold or platinum. We were pleasantly surprised when we saw our room on the 27th floor...there was a wonderful view of the river as well. We enjoyed the pool as well, though it did seem a bit small to serve a hotel of this size. High-speed internet was unexpectedly free, despite what the website had said. All good.
That night, however, we were rudely introduced to the biggest problem this hotel presents...paper-thin walls. Around midnight, we were awoken by loud horseplay in the room next to us...a bunch of kids with their yelling, screaming, crying, jumping on beds, and crashing into walls, who had just gotten back to the room. Where were the parents/guardians/chaperones? Out in the hallway yelling at each other, making plans, and having a conversation 100 ft. from each other down the hall. Unreal. Eventually, I had to call down to the desk who promised security would come up and take care of it...well, nothing happened. The block party went on until close to 3am. The next morning, however, we were pleasantly surprised to find a letter from a manager under our door. In it, she apologized for what we went through, gave us a $50 credit, and asked us to come to the front desk. We did so only to receive the dreaded news that our neighbors would be there another night as well. But that was tempered with an offer to move us to an SPG floor, almost certainly to be quieter as it catered more to the business traveler. I suspect we weren't the only ones to complain, as we were also comp'd free parking ($44 per night for four nights!) and were gifted back 10,000 points that we had redeemed for part of our stay. The new room was on the 41st floor, and was just as nice as the first.
At thisoint, let me say the housekeeping was outstanding throughout our stay...our room was done early in the day every day and everything was spotless. All seemed peaches and cream until our last night/morning when we received an unwanted 5am wakeup. Our new neighbor had left his alarm on...it kept chirping through the papier-mache wall until I was finally able to reach someone at the front desk. Security came up and turned the alarm off at 6 am. I tried to go back to sleep, but then the alarm from the other side of the room went off at 0630. Argggh!Solid Hotel. Fantastic location and friendly service.  Its walkable to everything.  Seriously.  Its a huge convention hotel so be prepared for the sheer size.  I had a room on the 49th floor.  Hello! sweeping views of ALL New Orleans.  I love that the elevators ask you to punch in your floor number before entering.  Makes things super fast.  I never waited more than 90 seconds for an elevator despite being there during a sold out time.
Rooms are nice, amenities are nice and even the gym is nice.  I would stay here again.This place is in a great location and outstanding customer service. Aaliyah and Cierra at the front desk couldn't have been more wonderful to work with! I was handed a free drinks card at check in to start the NOLA experience off right in addition to having some reservations concerns handled hassle free. 
The concierge lounge for gold and platinum members is the best I've been in to date between all the Marriotts, Hiltons and SPG brands I've stayed at. The rooms are comfortable and have spectacular views. This is definitely a place I'd come back to!Stayed for buisness.
Amazing view in the river side rooms.
Good location for tourist activities, OK location for convention center activities. 
Amazingly strong perfume smell in lobby. Actually made me queasy.
Friendly helpful staff, hailed right kind of taxi, good advice on travel, and wake up call on time.
Room service fast but way overpriced, even for room service. 
Room on the small side, bed comfortable, pillows very puffy.
Cleaning staff seemed compelled to throw away my razor and empty water bottle every day (I like to reuse both). 
Not much water pressure on the higher floors.
AC good and easy to control. 
Internet nice and fast.
I'd give us a higher rating but for that horrible perfume in the lobby. It made me gag every time I walked through.Check was great - they were super busy and I was early, but the clerk came out to the huge lobby and found me when she got a room available just about 5 minutes after I left her desk.
the room was clean and nice - the view was fantastic!  Bed super cozy.Nice open lobby, nice beds and updated rooms, friendly service, awesome views from the top floors. Overall a good large property. Cool option to forgo housekeeping for a $5/day voucher good in the restaurants or in-house Starbucks. Starwood preferred guests get a free bottle of water and late checkout.I travel a bit and this has been one of the better experiences in this price range. The location is excellent as is the service. They emailed me before my arrival and asked for my travel itinerary and asked about any needs. They arranged an early check-in and responded to my request to room type and location. The staff that I found most helpful include Garrat, Monique, and Kevin - good job and thanks for your service.Wow!  For a recently renovated hotel, there's still a lot of renovations going on.  I was not impressed - especially with the price tag attached.  My room was unavailable - since I arrived at 9:00 at night.  ???  I was put in the room right next to the elevators where I had the pleasure of listening to every drunk a**hole come back from the bars.  I moved rooms the next day.  My luggage was late - so I asked if they could call me the minute it arrived.  You know, 'cause I like to shower and have fresh clothes after traveling for 20 hours on three flights to get there.  I was on my way out the next morning and what do I see sitting in the reception area?  You guessed it - my luggage.  So I politely thanked them for letting me know and took it back upstairs to put on some fresh clothes.
As if that's not enough, there was some severe water hammer in the piping and I reported this to the front desk who seemed oblivious to what a water hammer was.  I just asked her to let the management know.  Did she?  Who knows.  The next morning, there was absolutely no water throughout the building as a pipe on the second floor had burst.  I had to walk to another hotel to shower - thank God I had some buddies staying in other hotels that had those creature comforts like running water.  So, my adventure at the Sheraton ended, thankfully.  I don't think I'll be back.3.5 stars
This hotel can be found ridiculously cheap on hotwire. I'm talking less than $100 a night. It is listed as being in the central business district but it is on Canal directly across from the French Quarter so it is only a really short walk from all the action. For all intents and purposes you are in a Quarter hotel but at a significantly reduced price.
The lobby is nice but always super permeated with the "signature" Sheraton smell. It doesn't really bother me and to be honest a welcome scent given the sometimes wafty aromas that float around the streets of New Orleans. I mean it doesn't smell as the Abercrombie smell infusion you'll find in every standard mall. In the lobby you'll also find a four pack of desktops that have free internet sessions for hotel guests.
Our rooms were nice and room service always did a good job taking care of the room while we were out and about every day. This hotel is rather massive compared to others in the area and it always seemed there was a convention of some sort going on which made for interesting scenery. We randomly stumbled upon a marching band competition one night and on another there was a masquerade ball. It certainly felt like New Orleans and not some lame corporate chain hotel. 
Some complaints...
The elevators here are kinda wack. They work but typical of large hotels they are super freaking slow during peak hours. The problem is these seemed so much slower than others even in off peak hours. Also they have no numbers inside the elevators. They have this weird system where you press the number beforehand and it tells you which elevator shaft to wait on. 
Another minor item, one day I was unable to get any hot water in the shower. It wasn't necessarily freezing but it was below room temperature and cold enough to shock me out of my hangover pretty quickly.
If you are looking for a cheap place to stay in New Orleans this is a really good option. There are few downsides but in the price to annoyance scale this one wins pretty big.  Given the price point I'll stay here again if I ever grow another liver / get enough courage to come back to New Orleans.At 5:45pm there were no rooms available despite a reservation. Not well equipped for large groups. The staff was not overly friendly. At 10:30pm there was an emergency announcement to leave the building but then no follow. Amenities resembled a low end motel. Not a hotel I would return toThe lobby is beautiful!! The check in staff we're speedy and efficient.... our rooms we're comfy and clean to include the beds!!  The view was awesome.... from the 26 floor you can see everything!! 
Coolest thing were the smart elevators....  type in your floor # and thats where it goes.... no stops...  that is spectacular especially since the 26 floor was not the top and we all have been somewhere and had to wait on an elevator....I give this hotel kudo's for staying calm under pressure. I stayed here for the first time during All Star weekend 2014. The staff were friendly, courteous and professional even with all the hustle and bustle of the weekend. Brandon at the concierge went beyond and above to make sure our stay was great. The location of the hotel was perfect, we could walk to most of the events that we had to attend. 
The food in the lounge was meh! But it is complimentary so... 
I will be staying there again whenever I go back to NOThe hotel is very modern and has been updated recently.   The staff has been friendly  . The rooms are tiny and compact. Their towels are really  soft. I have a view of the other tall high rises. The food in the hotel was a little  above average . Place was very busy and the elevators are odd . You cannot program on the inside . Meeting rooms are large and it is really coldMy girlfriend and I stayed at the Sheraton Hotel during our stay in New Orleans. Its pretty average as far as the room amenities but it's New Orleans, so location is everything and that's what helps this hotel stand out. The hotel is on Canal street and it's just a few minutes away from Bourbon street and the French Quarters. It's about 20 minutes from the airport.Very busy place but all the staff takes time with each customer so waits are minimal. Elevators very smart and plentiful, also reducing wait time.  Breakfast buffet was nice and expensive,but most hotels are . Room clean and spacious.One half star for free starbucks coffee in the lobby.
One half star for pretty good room service quality with a 30 minute promise of delivery or your meal is free. Our meal was on time :( 
they charge a mandatory delivery charge and 18% gratuity, "for your convenience"
One star for a nice clean room and for promptly bringing up the rollaway bed. 
-3 stars for valet service!!! I know you guys are on canal street, but you need a system for getting cars to people on time! I more than three times waited more than half an hour to get my car. There is a valet service button on the phones in the room, but when you call down, no one answers. When you call the front desk, they say the valet's don't do call ahead, you have to come down and request it. Are you f'ing kidding me? So to avoid problems before going to dick and jenny's for NYE, I go down thirty minutes ahead of time and request the car. The valet gal convinces me that they're not busy and that I should come back when I want to leave. I hesitate and leave. When we come down and request the car, it takes forever. after 30 minutes the gal informs me that due to large volume of cars they had to park some cars in another garage down the street and canal is packed with cars. 
Dear sheraton, 
Let your guests self park, get a better valet system, or at the very least find a way to do call ahead service and alert your guests of this service. My trip was greatly hindered by your lack of forethought and execution of services.Incredible hotel! Amazing service, comfortable and clean rooms with great views. Excellent gym and decent pool. Friendly and knowledgeable staff and location couldn't be better for access to New Orleans French Quarter!This is my go to hotel in downtown New Orleans.  It is the only downtown departure/return spot for Jazz Fest transportation buses. If you are looking for a quiet hotel with not a lot going on, then you'll probably be happy elsewhere.  If you want a comfortable stay at a  great location for a reasonable price, this hotel will fit the bill.  It's not quite the Ritz or Windsor Court but will be much less expensive. A lot more action in the lobby too if that's your thing. Never any issues with cleanliness or service.  Awesome homemade potato chips at the bar.  I will continue to use this hotel.Awesome amenities, atmosphere and people! Loved my stay! Thank you so much! From check in to check out, I was impressed. The conference rooms were great, the hotel room was comfortable, valet attendants were courteous and the music at night was great.We were there feb 7-14, the hotel itself was ok.
The cleaning service was terrible. We had to ask for towels, bath mat or TP everyday something we needed. The rooms didn't even get cleaned till the very late afternoon between 3 and 6 o'clock.
We also got screwed , the big parade on feb 13/15
We were told we had to PAY $50.00 bucks to get a gold band to get in and out of our own hotel!
Absolutely GOUGE TACTIC! Not impressed.For nearly 300.00 dollars a night, this is a great location!  The bar/restaurant staff were super nice.  But our keys only worked half the time.  I was locked out of my room after going to the ice machine one night.  Since I had no ID to prove I was me to the front desk, it was quite inconvenient.  The "Green Choice" proved to be more hassle than it was worth.  Housekeeping did not come at all the last three days of our stay and we ran out of toilet paper, coffee, water, etc.  Since housekeeping came the first 5 days of our stay and just didn't do a great job, we were very confused by the whole experience.  The concierge was informative but really unenthusiastic and lacks personality.  When we asked for restaurant options for breakfast he gave us some great choices, but literally pointed the way instead of showing us on a map.  Again, quite confusing.    Overall, the room was comfortable.  The shower is a good height (I'm 5'10" so that's important) and the bed was semi comfortable.  Have really mixed feelings about the  whole experience.I don't usually give such a high rating to a chain hotel, but I really feel this one deserves it. From the time I checked in I was treated in a friendly, kind and courteous manner. I kept waiting for someone to be rude, but it never happened. In fact quite the opposite.
Considering the location,  it's actually quite quiet. For me, I'm a light sleeper and everything keeps me awake, but I slept very well in this hotel. 
I love the location. So convenient. The French Quarter right across the street. I attended the Jazz Fest and the buses left right out in front. Perfect!! There's also a handy Starbucks in the lobby. It doesn't get any better than that. 
My room was spotless as was the entire hotel. Oh and how can I forget the fitness room. My my, I have never seen such a large fitness area. I worked out several times during my stay. It was all so perfect. I didn't want to leave. 
I highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting the enjoy all the fun and beauty of New Orleans!"Outstanding Stay"
I thought our stay at the Sheraton was going to be ruined because of some complications with our registration. However, Denina, an SPG hostess, stayed with unraveling the issue over several days, keeping me posted via regular email communications, and finally got everything resolved to my perfect satisfaction. Upon arrival our SPG club room was waiting and served us well. Very nicely appointed. And the club lounge was excellent and continued Denina's outstanding accommodations. I highly recommend this hotel.Horrible service. Will not stay here again. Overpriced and overrated in my opinion. There are plenty of other good hotels in the area.The Good.
-A dirt cheap room when booked with Hotwire. 
-The pool on the 8th Floor that stays surprisingly uncrowded.
-Good beds, soft towels, decent shower, overall pretty clean.
-Centrally located, although I should not be allowed to stay in such close proximity to the casino. 
The Bad.
-The hot water stopped working one afternoon. Seriously.* 
-$10 to use the gym once? Get out of here with that. 
-The elevator system. I can respect that they tried to go modern, but there's something comforting about being able to select a floor while actually in the car itself. And really, I wouldn't care if I didn't have to wait for literally 15 minutes during check-out time on a weekend (~11 am, don't try to use the elevator if you can help it). 
The Ugly.
-I realize it is not your fault that my flight was delayed into being a red-eye. However, when I have spent the last 12 hours in an airport/on a plane, and all I want to do is collapse into a bed at 6 am, it is unacceptable that I  have to stand in your lobby for half an hour. I am too exhausted to care if your system is down. Show some compassion, get me into a room, and figure it out later.
___________
*The staff credited my account with $25 as a result, but really, NOLA is far too sweaty a city to not be able to shower.The hotel is okay, not great but also the the worst.  The advertise improvements coming in 2012, but for now it is showing some defects.   The AC was not the greatest and I had to set it to the lowest setting to keep my room cool.  There were a number of ceiling leaks in the conference center areas and subsequent stained and soiled carpets.  The hotel had an overall spell of "old lady perfume" that i didn't find all that appealing.  The internet speed was nice.  The staff was very friendly. And the location is pretty nice to the tourist destinations.I had a conference here, and got the "Club Level" room/service.  I did not get a room on that level, but got access to the 42nd floor with my room key.  
The whole hotel is great.  Great rooms, great lobby area with a huge bar.  Close to the quarter and the rest.  
The food was quite good for the conference, room service and restaurants.  The employees were great too.  
I will definitely stay here again.Check in was a breeze. I requested a high floor, close to the elevator room and got one on the 30th floor with a fantastic view of the Mississipi River. The bed is heavenly - similar to the quality of the Westin beds. 4 pillows were awesome! It was a good size for 2 people and bathroom was spacious with a tub. Room had safe, coffeemaker and complimentary bottled water each day.
We had a problem with a power outlet shutting down but they immediately sent a technician to take a look at it and had it reset and working right away.
There is a Starbucks in the lobby. Bellhop Brian was friendly and helpful. Concierge desk also recommended great spots for brunch and tour activities. The elevator is very modern - haven't seen anything like it before. 
If wifi was free, A/c a bit colder and if shower water pressure was stronger, I'd give this hotel a 5 star rating. 
All things considered, I will book here again for the great location on Canal St.I basically lived at this hotel for about a month when I was in town for a long term job so I got reeeally familiar with the ins and outs of the place. 
In short?  It was awful.  
Let's start at the beginning:  the front desk staff is basically clueless.  They're very nice, just clueless.  At most other hotels this wouldn't be too much of an issue, but since the magnetic key for my room wouldn't work at least once a day, I kept having to go back to the front desk every day to get a new card - it gets old fast.   Especially when each elevator ride takes approximately 5-10 minutes with wait time.  
There is also a lot of false advertising.  For example, they advertise wifi availability, but what they mean is that it's available, but you have to pay to use it.  If you get a package delivered here, there is a fee - a big one.  I think one fee I had was about 25 bucks.  The business center is also very pricey.  Oh!  And make sure not to accidentally take something out of the mini-bar, because it will automatically show up on your bill when you check out, regardless of whether or not you consumed it.  Parking is also very very expensive.  You must valet - and sometimes when I would go to pick up the car, calling ahead would not be an option and I would have to wait 10-20 minutes in the valet area while the poor over-worked valets would be servicing large wedding and conference parties.
All the rooms below the 42nd floor (I think) have not been redone and just look...tired.  Ask for a higher floor.  Also, on each floor there are two rooms that are right next to the elevators, separate from the rest of the hallway.  If you find yourself to be in either of these rooms, asked to be moved IMMEDIATELY.  Otherwise, you will not be able to get any sleep thanks to the constant stream of drunken revelers that come home (or depart) after midnight.
I would not recommend this for business travellers (or really anyone, frankly).  Maybe if you're one of the drunken revelers you won't notice how everything's overpriced.Stayed here with friends for the Essence Music Festival 2012 and the hotel was crawling with people. Entering the hotel itself was difficult due to the crowds in front and people coming and going frequently. I felt that the hotel itself could have played a better part in dispersing the crowd in front. 
The rooms were pretty spacious, clean, quiet and comfortable but average. The shutters on the windows were a nice touch and kept the outside lights down when desired. During our first day there the water was shut off for a period of time but the hotel stated that this was done by the city and they had no control over it. 
Overall my stay was pleasant and I found the staff to be very helpful.I've stayed here a few times..... I find that they have some great rates... sometimes in the sub 100 per night range... truly one of the best hotel deals in NOLA. 
I spent two days here in January 2009. As a SPG Platinum member, I was upgraded to a "executive suite" upon checkin on the 42nd floor. 
The room was great. I'm guessing there was a 46 inch plasma TV in the living room with an older "tube" TV in the bedroom. My room had two refrigerators... Both were empty, I didn't see an honor bar. 
I was working on a project and needed a 3 hole punch. I asked if it could be brought up to my suite, but they didn't want to... Not a big deal, but a request that I think could have been delegated to a bell boy. 
The location is great. 8 short blocks from Jackson square, two blocks from Bourbon Street.... 
From reading some of the reviews, it sounds like they have not upgraded some of their rooms. Mine was done very nicely... No signs of wear and very modern.Yelp has been nagging me to review the Sheraton for ages so I guess I ought!
To be honest, not hugely impressed. The best thing about it was the view from the window, the sunrise over the Mississippi was just phenomenal.
The hotel itself was a classic example of a generic, chain hotel that is more interested in earning a profit than actual customer satisfaction. The customer service was poor (unusual in the States), the desk staff seeming unwilling to help and made at bit of a cock up with my reservation details, and then over charging me at the end. The breakfast was not included in the room rate and was ridiculously expensive - why would you eat here when there are so many better and cheaper options in New Orleans??
The only reason I stayed here was because I was attending a conference on site. The conference facilities were OK but the chairs were fairly uncomfortable, I suppose this can be useful when trying to stay awake through lectures when slightly hungover (what did they expect, putting on a conference in the party town of New Orleans??!!)
The room was pretty standard and did it's job, but again it was fairly generic. There is a bar in the foyer for guests which was a nice enough place to meet for drinks. There was also a Starbucks on the premises, again this involved long queues and appalling service.
The swimming pool is fairly small for the size of the hotel and there was frequently not enough sunbeds for the number of guests requiring them. The gym was small but unfortunately it was ridiculously expensive for guests to use - that's me going for a run then!
I really believe that a hotel should be able to offer things such as water, wifi and gym facilities for free to guests that are already paying a substantial sum to stay there. But in this day and age, its all about profit, profit, profit :-(Seriously, Sheraton, seriously?  $3 bananas?  $10 for your own guests to use the gym per visit?  Is that any way to run a conference?I definitely stayed at the Sheraton New Orleans for far too long, because in eight days I saw every nook and cranny, every gouge in the wall and learned the shift schedules of meetings servers. That being said, the Sheraton is average for a number of reasons.
YAY:
-Fantastic location. Steps from Bourbon Street, a short walk from Cafe du Monde, Mother's Restaurant, across the street from Palace Cafe, Marriott Hotel, and parades generally go down Canal. 
-The food is outstanding. And I ate a lot of it. A LOT. Crabcakes were meaty and not bready. Smoked salmon was flavorful. The sweet tea was sickeningly sweet (as real Southern tea should be, ahem), Breakfast spread was delicious and not at all soggy. And the dessert selection... well let's just say a bakery should be in their future.
-Service was really on point the majority of the time. Only once or twice was there a mishap or something delivered late. But all of our meetings were set up exactly as planned, and the front desk manager and concierge worked very hard to keep our conference happy.
-Lots of room. This was a fantastic hotel to host a conference in. The signage is direct and not at all confusing, the rooms are spacious and many have natural lighting. 
-Spacious lobby and convenient Starbucks on first floor
NAY:
-Not remodeling since Katrina. I completely understand it takes a lot of time to come back from something so devastating. The Sheraton was able to remain open during the entirety of the hurricane and provided much needed shelter and income for New Orleans during it's most trying time. With that said, Katrina was seven years ago, and the Sheraton has not had a major renovation since. The rooms have water stains on the ceilings, the conference centers have holes in the walls and scuffs all over the doors, and the carpeting is worn thin in places and has a very distinct odor. Not good, when companies are paying hundreds of thousands of dollars to host conferences here.
-The humidity. The ventilation system must be on it's last leg. My hair stayed frizzy the entire time, my bedding and towels felt damp. Even the table cloths resting on my legs made my skin feel wet. On the plus side, my skin looked great. On the negative, people suffering from asthma or allergies suffered. 
Overall I must say I had a very positive experience at Sheraton. Unfortunately the cosmetic destruction was much too prevalent and the humidity caused a lot of discomfort.Excellent front desk and lobby staff. Housekeeping is a bit undependable. Lobby bar is horrible. Conference facilities excellent and conference catering was ok. Some meals had zero vegetarian options. Perhaps the event organizers are partially to blame for this but a good catering staff should not have let that happen.room option: 2 QUEEN BEDS W/ CLUBHOUSE UPGRADE (scroll down to skip to clubhouse review)
If all you care about is location and cleanliness... maybe view, this place is fantastic... but I have LOTS of complaints considering this is supposed to be a nice hotel. 
We booked a room for 4 a couple months in advance. The "queen-sized" beds are tiny... at the front desk they said they're between a full and a queen but I don't think they're even that, they seemed even smaller than a full - though not twins, so there's that... If you're only 1 person to a bed, or maybe a couple and don't mind snuggling... no worries. If you're 4 individual humanoids enjoying personal space, not so hot. Also, the closet is barely usable due to it having a narrow entry to a long space and there's not much of an armoire or bureau to hold anything. Again, for 1 person, the TV table thing would have been fine, I suppose - 4 small drawers and 1 long one, but even 2 people spending more than 1 night would have an issue.
We were told by the woman at check in that the only room available was the handicapped and "deaf" room which, when the phone rang would shake the bed and flash the lights. Not being deaf, this didn't seem like a great thing but she said there weren't other options and that we could turn it off. Once in the room, there was no box with a switch and after an hour or so of searching and 4 phone calls later, no one could help us. After we'd unpacked and settled, I went downstairs to ask the front desk to call our room to check if maybe they were wrong about the room... no shaking bed, no flashing lights... The very nice man then smiled and said, "but we have other rooms, if you'd like to move since it IS a handicapped room." Seriously? But at that point, not really caring about the height of the peep hole and already having unpacked I declined.
We later figured out that handicapped means the shower has no door, curtain or tub and the shower head is lower... our bathroom floor was a pool every morning or night from the shower. We needed an entire store room of towels to handle it. Which leads me to the fact that our room had no towels when we checked in and the sheets, though perfectly clean, I'm sure, were stained - one with ink, the other with grey smudges. Also, the toilet leaked so when we entered the floor was soaking wet, even without having showered. The man who fixed that came quickly, however and was very nice.
After night 2, we had the room cleaned. When we got back from our adventures, the headboard to one of the beds had collapsed to the ground. It took about 3 hours for the maintenance guy to get through his rounds and fix it (which should tell you about how many problems there were). When we expressed concern over a collapsing headboard, he responded that it happened all the time because the rooms were poorly constructed, not to worry. Great... so... the other bed might be a ticking time bomb that could collapse on us at any point... but there was no way to know for sure. 
CLUBHOUSE OPTION
The ability to get coffee, soda and juice 24 hours a day would be great... if they kept it stocked and there was an ice machine. We were told we had to ask the room attendant for ice (which felt really awkward and at night when they aren't there is down right stupid). All the other floors might have ice machines, we finally went off on our own and found one on the 48th floor, but there isn't one on the 42nd - plus, the ice bucket is wee. I don't know what the cost upgrade was for the clubhouse option, but unless you plan to drink it all in soda and bottles of water, don't bother. You're in NOLA, do not waste a meal on tasteless food and since the coffee machine is constantly out of something vital to it's main function, even that is pretty useless.
That being said, the location is wonderful, right off Decatur on Canal and most of the staff is pretty friendly. If this place was $100 a day, or they'd given us something in return for having so much trouble, I likely wouldn't have been phased, but for well over $200 a night, I felt my money was wasted.I don't think I have a complaint about this place. We walked to everything in the French quarter from here. When we went to Uptown we walked a couple of blocks and hopped on the street car. Great location! Bed was comfortable, loved the shower, and Housekeeping didn't wake us up at the crack of dawn. I enjoyed my stay here. Only wished they had a few more stations for my little one when she got bored but we really didn't stay in the room long enough to need it. We valet parked our car when we got here and didn't need it until we left. That was a nice bonus.I was going to give this hotel 4/5 stars but had to do 3/5.
The good:
Location is centrally located to the french quarters. It's easy walking distance from all the action. So it's very well located.
The quality of the hotel is decent compared to most Sheratons I've stayed at. The room we stayed in was clean, seemed modern and we had a great view.
Executive lounge is great. Great view, staff is very attentive and friendly. Food quality is decent at breakfast.
The Bad:
So I'm platinum and at check-in we were told breakfast would be included (we did breakfast instead of 500 amenity points). Wifi should have been free as well as indicated by their staff. We stayed there 4/26 to 4/29 and to this day I am still trying to get ahold of someone to reverse the bill for the breakfast and the internet. It's just bad support. If you stay here, please make sure you take down the name of the person at frontdesk who told you what would be free and what wouldnt. Platinum Concierge told me that usually the Plat. amenity is a choice between Points, Breakfast and sometimes Wifi. So Wifi is NOT always free for Plats at some properties. It could have been a choice. So just be clear and take down who you talked to.
The breakfast in the restaurant was horrible. Just tasted like a really cheap motel food. They did have a made to order omelets bar but there was a reason why people were getting "well done" omelets".
I really wish I could have written more good things as I stay at a lot of Sheratons and it's kinda like home to me parts of the year!
** Update **
As of 5/29/2013 I finally got the bill reversed for items that are free for Platinum's.  I had to reach out to SPG Platinum concierge and they submitted a request for the property to call me and since then the hotel finance department literally called every day to reach me.  So in their defense, they finally worked to make things right.  But I had to get SPG concierge involved.Nice hotel in the heart of New Orleans. It's on the street car line as well. It's a little pricey. It also cost $38 per day to park a car. The food is ok, but the food near the hotel is fantastic! I will come back. The view from the window was beautiful.Desk services - courteous and honest. My bro left his credit card and they called our room promptly to let us know they had it.
Maid service - very polite. 
Room - Needs upgrade and thorough cleaning.  Towels were well provided for but our room's alarm clock, lamps, and desks had dust all over it and you can tell they haven't been dusted for weeks. I also noticed that carpets were never vacuumed during our 7 day stay in the hotel. Hotel room smelled damp and as if previous patrons smoked in it (despite a no smoking policy).  You can see the wear & tear in the bathroom tiles/tubs.
Billing services - prompt response on my question regarding a charge in my credit card (note: I forgot about my Starbucks in the Sheraton purchase. I was not sure because it appeared as a "Sheraton" charge in my account. When I emailed them, they replied within hours.)
Downside:
No complimentary toothpaste for guests.
Smelly/damp rooms
Furniture not dusted
Carpet not vacuumed
Plus side:
Very friendly and honest service
Very prompt reply when you have questions
Gym, pool, bar, restaurant
Walking distance to French Qtr & RiverwalkFirst time in New Orleans, but my trip didn't start off too well because of this hotel. Don't get me wrong it is a beautiful hotel and in a great location but the service is terrible. 
First off, we had to wait in the thirty minute check in line just to find out they had screwed up our accommodations. We had booked two rooms in which the lady at the front desk completely denied and put up a fight about. After showing her proof of purchasing two rooms she finally worked everything out and gave us another room. But what made me really nervous was that the guy next to me was complaining about how after the bellhop had brought his luggage up he was missing three bags!
Even more annoying, the next day we had missed room cleaning so we told them to come back later. We ended up coming home   Later in the day to find the room still not cleaned. Twenty minutes later I was changing into my swimsuit when the cleaning lady just barged into my room!! No knock or announcement just came right in while I was naked! After putting clothes on and confronting her, she had a terrible attitude and yelled at us in a complete unprofessional manor about how we should've had our rooms cleaned earlier like everybody else. She had even left us a rude voicemail on the hotel room telephone about now getting our room cleaned!
So basically come here if you want to stay at a nice, modern hotel but don't expect a quality experience.Thank goodness I didn't have to pay for my stay at this hotel. I would be furious that I had  wasted good money on this establishment. We had a large convention here. 
Good: location 
Bad 1.. Elevators that were per programmed. I sent more time waiting on one elevator. Many times they were ful and I would have to wait another 10 minutes . NOONE was happy about the elevator situation 
2. Rooms were stuffy. No vents or a/c in bathrooms. Temp would only go down to 65. 
3. At 3:00pm rooms were still not cleaned. Had to call for towels 2 days. 
4. Breakfast was a disaster. Meeting would start early am. Never had enough staff to serve that many people. Line for Starbucks wrapped around the lobby. 
5. Food at one luncheon terrible and so over priced. Asked for some mustard or mayo for think sale bread sub. Said we would have some never saw it. 
6. Some floors did not have ice machines. No food vending machines. If you didn't get dinner or lunch you were out of luck. SOL
7. Convention rooms ok but nothing to go crazy about.
I would never never book here for a convention or a vacation
I was glad to leave!!As a flight attendant, I stay in hotels nearly half my life. I fly international and domestic. This property has such an amazing staff!  I love coming here. Not just for the great location, which is perfect, right on Canal close to everything, but the experience at the hotel, which is always amazing. Some hotels treat crews on layovers like their red headed step sister, an inconvenience they have to put up with, but here I feel like a valued, top tiered customer!+Close to Bourbon Street
+Great views
-No free wifi 
-Cell service wasn't the best
-Our room wasn't the cleanest when we got in but we were too lazy to complain.  We found a beer can behind the chair.
Seems like a good partying hotel. We came for a bachelorette party & had 3 rooms. They were able to put us all on the same floor. We also got no complaints about being loud!Now we happened to come to NOLA for New Years. Besides some personal experiences this  hotel was awesome! I slept on the chair they had in the room which had a small ottoman. Not crazy comfy but you can make due. Now the only compliant if anything would be the temperature in the room. It would be set but it wouldn't reach being that cold u til late in the night. During the day it would feel like it was 80. 
Would I go back yes. But I would sleep on the bed next time.500 Canal St. in New Orleans. My friend and I stayed here for 3 days and 4 nights the weekend of August 23rd 2013. Great service from the room staff, fair service from the concierge and information desk. Acceptable service overall up until we decided to dine at The Pelican Bar. The service was so bad and inconsiderate that we decided we would probably find a different place to stay and spend our money next time we visit New Orleans. We had seen other diners eating some good food and on a night when we felt like we just wanted to relax and not tour the city looking for a place to eat outside, we decided to try some of these good looking dishes we had seen at the Pelican Bar while passing by on our way from the room. We walked in and after standing around for some time without any acknowledgement or assistance from the staff, we went ahead and found a place to sit. We then started looking at the menu and sat there for perhaps another 10 minutes before being approached by the server. Her name is Monique. She walked over to the table and said "What do you guys want?" She then proceeded to grab the menu from my friend's hand, placed another menu in front of her on the table and said "Use that one, this one's out. Actually, gimme a sec" and then walked away. We sat around for another few minutes and then were approached by another lady who introduced herself as the manager said that she understood we wanted to order from "the other menu". We told her we didn't know which menu meant what and that we just picked the menu up from the table and knew what we wanted from it. She walked away and a few minutes later, Monique returned with a pen and notepad. She did not speak, just stood there and looked at us. We initiated the conversation by asking her whether she was taking our orders. She replied with a stern "Yes". We ordered, she wrote it down and walked away. We thought this would be the end of the spectacle. That we would simply get our food, eat and head to our room. You guessed it, we were wrong!
Monique brought back the wrong order for my food (note that she had seemed to be writing when we placed our orders). My plate had fries while I had ordered a side salad. She attempted to bring another pale and reach into the plate in front of me with her hands to pick out the fries. She caught herself and took the whole plate to the back. She brought back my order and we never laid eyes on her again until about 45 minutes later when she tossed our bill on the table as she walked by without even looking to see where it had landed. We did not have any drinks with our meals either. I really hope Sheraton, The Pelican Bar or whoever's in charge is n a position to get the manager and especially Monique some much needed customer service training. One would understand our lack of desire to go back to stay at the Sheraton after such an encounter.My girlfriends and I stayed at this hotel during the Essence Festival.  This was my first time at this hotel and it was wonderful.  I have high expectations and this hotel met all of them.  The room was extremely clean and housekeeping on the 20th floor was awesome.  The bar area was crunk every night and the food was good.  I will make sure to book at this hotel next year for the Essence Festival.I stayed here in March for an American Bar Association conference and just hated the hotel.  Overall hotel looks very 1970s (and not in a novel way; just in a dingy, brown, and sad way).  
The rooms are extremely mediocre and seemed dirty - nothing luxurious or remarkable about the space at all.  
The convention areas are a hassle -- the various conference rooms are on different levels, so one is constantly riding crowded escalators.  
There's a Starbucks in the lobby, which I was thrilled to see the night I checked in.  Unfortunately, the line at that Starbucks is 20 minutes long in the morning.  
Another remarkably bad thing about this hotel is the crazy elevator system.  To use it, you punch your floor into an 70's style keyboard (outside the elevator), wait for ten minutes, and then a sign illuminates telling you which elevator you can use.  No buttons inside the elevator.  For whatever reason, this seemed to create constant delay and confusion among the guests, and I felt like I spent half the trip waiting for an elevator (which was fine, because I was never that excited to return to my awful room).  It's such a dumb elevator control system it would be funny if the rest of the experience wasn't so poor,
Another low point is the staff.  At least once a day, my electronic room key would stop working.  Every time, whoever was at the front desk would insist it still worked.  Multiple trips up and down between my room and lobby ensued while the situation was worked out (or not).  Once, they insisted on following me upstairs to test it in my door, which I found disconcerting - of course, it did not work.  
Finally, the bar and restaurant situation!  I guess they are counting on the fact that most people don't go to New Orleans to eat or drink at the hotel, but I tried both once.  The hotel bar was a nondescript area in the lobby; again, dirty glasses.  There is a restaurant on the second floor where I tried to eat lunch, without success, because I waited for a waiter for 20 minutes (after being seated) and was then told that the kitchen was closed and all that was available was a lunch buffet that looked as if it had been sitting out for four hours (which it probably had been).
The best I can say about this hotel is that it has a decent gym.  
I have never been so thrilled to check out of a hotel.  Actually, that's not correct - I once stayed at a place in Raleigh that was equally bad, but it was a lot cheaper than this Sheraton, so I do think the prize goes to this one.There are two words that sum up the Sheraton New Orleans and that is "total incompetence."  The hotel itself is in a good location and the rooms are respectable however I received bogus charges on my invoice and witnessed service so poor it was laughable.  I was charged for using the fitness room yet I didn't even bring gym shoes on my trip; it was for a conference associated with work.  I would consider this an honest mistake if the service I received trying to get my cellphone charger wasn't so ridiculous.  I called Sheraton explaining I lost my charger and promptly received a returned call indicating my charger was found.  After not receiving my charger for several days, I called again and the lady said they couldn't locate my charger.  I asked for them to double check and low and behold I received another call saying my charger was found AND this time they would make sure it would be mailed to me.  Of course I didn't receive my charger so I called once again and left a voicemail which was not returned.  After several additional calls I finally gave up.  Its extremely frustrating to see such a simple and routine task fail time after time.  I also feel taken advantage of because I was charged fees that were not legitimate.  I've stayed at Sheraton hotels numerous times but guarantee I will not step foot in a Sheraton ever again.  Horrible service.The Sheraton is a nice hotel and a great place to stay if you are in New Orleans. It's not too far from the French Quarter and there are tons of awesome restaurants within walking distance. The views of the city from higher rooms are impressive. The amenities and room are great. Room service and service in general was really slow because they are always booked with conventions and businesses. The lobby is a sight to see as others mentioned! Only complaints are extremely slow service (understandable) and there was black soot coming out of our tub. It was frustrating not to be able to shower/bathe because we couldn't get clean water to come out for a few hours.I agree with the others on the location. My problems with this hotel are: 1. it is not a four star hotel like it claims to be. It is very overpriced for what it is - a three star hotel. Part of the ceiling in our room was hanging down, the bathroom - shower and toilet were dirty, the TV didn't work well, and the furnishings were worn. 2. It was noisy and not just from other guests. I think because of thin walls and the oldness of the hotel. 3. The internet is terrible. They have three levels of internet that range from $6.95 to $12.95. The $6.95 a day internet is worse than dial up. The $12.95 a day internet is in no way blasing fast. Don't stay here if you need to do any work. 3. On one of the nights we were there, the fire alarm went off at 3 AM and someone came over the loudspeaker instructing us to await further instruction, but none was ever given. It was extremely unnerving especially since we were on the 21st floor. 4. At check-in, we were told that there were no rooms available, but they would call us when our room was available. They never called. 
I have actually never had an issue with a hotel before and have stayed at other Sheratons, as well. I think you would do better staying somwhere else for your money. I was more impressed with my short time accross the street at the Marriot - which I only went to for the Starbucks since the line at the Starbucks in the Sheraton was easily 30 people deep.Great place and location. Rooms and service were on point and quick access to all things in NO.I will start this review with positives first. The hotel is within walking distance of a lot of eateries and shopping places. The staff is very helpful from check in on through. The rooms are nice with a great view. They load your luggage and take it to your room. It is within walking distance (if you dont mind a little walk) of Bourbon street and French quarters if you dont want to drive or pay for uber. The gym was nice with lots of machines(up to date) and towels. So for the negatives. I was taken back by the $46 a day parking fee. Why would you need to pay to park, and you have already paid over 200 a night for a room? FYI we parked about 3 blocks over for 15 a night. Make sure you use parking panda to find other places to park and check, because some you can only go in and out one time. Room service is very very slow. We waited an hour and a half for fruit and cookies with milk. The pool looks like an infant waddle pool. Here's the worse part.....No free wifi or local calls. Who does that? No refrigerator which sucks because you come to New Orleans to eat. Overall it's a nice hotel just some regular things that we are use to were not available. If those things are not a must for you then have a nice stay.Absolutely awful service and completely incompetent staff. Took me over an hour to check in a party of five, the rooms weren't ready, they couldn't figure out who went in each room, screwed up the credit cards, and then told me the next day they didn't have a credit card on file - after the hour we'd spent checking in. Stay anywhere else.Run don't walk away from this place.  Hotel was overbooked on our arrival. We had made a reservation a month in advance and upon arriving were told by the desk manager that there were no more rooms with beds. She offered to make up a couch or told us we could find accommodations elsewhere. We spent hours trying resolve problems that came up like checking us out early, billing my credit card even though I had prepaid. The staff were generally indifferent to helping or downright hostile. Needed outside intervention via credit card company and booking agency to help. This dump totally ruined our vacation each day there was drama that required hours of troubleshooting. If you are going to stay...retain a local attorney...you are going to need one.Its official--hotels are officially scared of the Internets. Sites like TripAdvisor (and yes, Yelp) have given anyone with an internet connection the chance to praise or rip an establishment, and the Sheraton is clearly on the bubble. They ask guests to let them know how they can improve your stay about every way possible. But who do I call to say my stay was just, "eh?"
From the moment I arrived at the hotel, folks laid on the welcome thick, and it went from polite to ingratiating to annoying in about 2.5 seconds. Once I got to my room and discovered cleaning supplies left in my bathroom. I had to run out for an evening event, and stopped by the front desk for either a new room or a clean up, and instead of giving me a quick solution, the desk clerk asked "what do you want?" Well, for me not to have to ask for a clean bathroom, for one. Or the broken toilet the next day, or the promise of a call for an upgrade (which I thought was included for SPG members of a certain level) that never came.
I typically stay at the W on Poydras, and this trip required more family oriented lodging. But from now on, babies or no, we're going back there. I'll still get my SPG points, and know the experience will be what I have come to expect when I'm in town. This place was fine, but definitely not superior or special.Nice room. Comfy bed. Staff so far very accommodating and pleasant. Coffee maker was next to TV but no outlet nearby so had to move it across room to use. Plugins on nightstand a real plus but no phone there so couldn't call front desk easily (portable phone on desk across room) to let them know TV had No Signal message, a real disappointment when I'm barely conscious and have already had to rearrange decor to make my coffee at 6am, LOL! Yes someone's a little bitchy cuz he hasn't had his coffee yet and can't get his cable news fix ...I was here for Mardi Gras and a conference. The room had an awesome view of the Mississippi River, and you honestly can't beat the location for the price. Walking distance to everything from Bourbon Street, the French Quarter, and Cafe Du Monde!
However, a lot of it was ruined because of the poor service.
On the second day of our visit, our toilet overflowed and started flooding into our room. We called the front desk to report it and it took over an hour for someone to come and address the problem. A kind stranger who had just checked in was the one who came into our room and fixed the toilet for us. Two of my roommates had to move their luggage on to chairs and the desk in order for their belongings to stay dry. Even when an employee did come to address the problem, all they did was throw a few towels on the floor without mopping the bathroom floor or even offering an apology. After a few more hours of having nothing addressed, we went to the front desk in person to complain. We received $100 in hotel credit, which was nice, but honestly it wouldn't have been needed if the hotel just did their job.
A few days later, the battery on our door died so we were unable to use the key card to gain access into our room. The woman at the front desk who answered my roommate's call was extremely rude and unhelpful. Again, it took about an hour or longer for the problem to get fixed.
It's such a shame because the hotel really is beautiful and very nice. But the lack of service we received is enough that I probably will not be back. Sorry :(Fantastic location. Lovely (though a bit small) rooms with amazing views of downtown NOLA, including the Mississippi and the French Quarter. At night the view feels like Las Vegas and I would just sit in front of our floor-to-ceiling window for hours. The hotel has a lovely little (but large for a hotel) pool on the roof and a nice fitness center with great locker rooms, including saunas. 
I ate at the restaurant bar twice. Of course the prices are high. Twice I had their hamburger, which was of very high quality and worth the price. The lobby (which encompasses the bar) is huge and gorgeous, including a large fountain and thirty-foot high windows looking onto Canal Street. For the location and the quality, the price is quite reasonable.I think this is one of the best hotel locations for visiting New Orleans.  It's is located right in the middle of everything. Checking in was a breeze, the front check-in service was very pleasant.  The lady was very nice and informative.  We arrived around 11:00 AM and our room was already ready for check-in which was nice! I love when hotels are ready for you for an early check-in.  The hotel itself is pretty nice as well.  The only thing I didn't like was the elevator, it's kind of annoying.  It's not a regular elevator.  I also didn't like how you there was guard near the elevators at night.  You had to show them a room key to go up the elevators.  They didn't seem too strict or care much really so I didn't see a point to having them there.  It was more of a hassle trying to find your room key at 4AM when coming back from partying on Bourbon St.Good location. Crazy fast elevators for such a tall building. Nicely renovated rooms. Starbucks in the lobby. Lots of street noise... But assuming that's the case at all hotels in the neighborhood.The staff was super friendly. Especially the guy who helped bring our luggage down. We loved the lobby bar, where they had a projector set up so we could watch the LSU game. Good wasn't that great but it was convenient.I have stayed at this hotel for 8 work weeks through early 2018. I have SPG platinum status and have stayed in "upgraded" rooms. In general the rooms, including furniture, feel and smell quite old, regardless of floor or upgrade. I've dropped things on the floor or under beds and when picking them up from ind and the bed been horrified at the amount of dust and garbage sitting around. The bathrooms are small and adequate/basic. The walls between rooms are pretty thin and it's not difficult to hear conversations and parties between rooms. The club lounge is average but often runs out of places to sit at peak times. The lounge hors d'ouevres and breakfast service are usually tasty and fresh although they often run out of items at peak times. The service is ok and despite being a regular, I don't feel especially welcomed or catered to. I do like that they recently started carrying Pepsi products instead of Coca-Cola unlike most lounges and have great tea options too. The other amenities are great. I enjoy the fitness room a lot - it's huge and has adequate/clean machines and free weights that are in good shape. The lobby is nice and open and the front desk staff have always been nice and accommodating to me and have started recognizing me and welcoming me as a regular. Garrett the VIP coordinator is also nice and does a good job of making sure guests are happy. My least favorite thing about the hotel other than the rooms is the elevators - the elevators do not have floor buttons and thus floors must be selected in the elevator lobbies before entering the elevator. Guests often don't understand how to operate the elevators or select wrong floors or miss the indicator showing which elevator they must use to arrive at their desired floor. During busy weeks like for Mardi Gras, elevator wait times have extended past 15 minutes multiple times for me. Renovations are due in 2020 but in my opinion are long overdue.Thank you! 
Our first choice of hotels was horrible so we moved across the street for only a few dollars more a night...
This hotel is amazing! Huge and super nice entry with a massive tv and a nice bar. The rooms are large with an amazing view of the city. We could even see boats sailing in the Mississippi from our room! Great price and great room :)
Only thing I did not like is that the pool and work out room close at 9 :( I think at least the work out room be open 24 hours at least.the first Mardi Gras (2010) my wife and I spent together, we stayed at this hotel.  It was my first time staying at one of the big hotels downtown, so I was excited.  We finally got to the room, and wanted to take a nap.  I pulled back the covers to find the sheets stained with some kind of bodily fluid, and it wasn't blood.  I went to wash my hands with the soap that was in the dish, figuring my wife had already opened the soap, nope.  So in the first five minutes of staying, we had used soap and used sheets.  A call to the front desk sent people up, but the damage had been done.  Talked to the manager about compensating us for giving us a room that had not been properly clean, and I think they gave us $25.  For such a good location, and the giant building, you'd think the hotel would live up to the reputation it should have.  It fails in that respect.  There are plenty of other hotels on the same perceived level that are better choices that don't have crusty sheets.Lucked into a good deal here after plans fell through.  The front desk people were very understanding, and when the young valet was embarrassingly unprofessional, the front desk came through to make things right.  Location is tough to beat.Nice rooms, nice people, weird elevator system. Prime location. Probably the highest-end sheraton i can think of.Rooms are a nice size,
Service is great. I did not like the $5 added to all room service orders, seemed high.  Beds are cozy with lots of pillows.  Great location.Rooms are dated. Water pressure in shower is horrible. AC works mediocre and when you get the room cool feel rest assured housekeeping will turn it off so when you return to your room it is horribly hot. Walls are thin. My last night in the hotel I had a family with screaming kids next door. 
Upon checking out, do not expect a thank you for your stay or asking you how your stay was because you will not hear it. I am not a Sheraton brand fan to begin with. This location reminded me why that is the case.Nice place. Right on Canal St and just a couple blocks from Bourbon Street and the French Quarter.Really its midnight 7/15/14 and they are doing construction in the hotel. The noise is vibrating through the walls and floors. The hotel is full and was over booked when our group arrived. The only usable bathrooms for convention space was on 2nd floor. Banquet on 5th floor! They say they are remodeling the bathrooms on all other public floors.  Found out no one booked for conventions for next two weeks!!!! But they are doing the remodel now instead of waiting. Note under door late afternoon states "work will start at 10 am & sorry for inconvenience." Again its after midnight coming onto being 1am!!!!  Elevators are not convenient. Have to wait for specific car and no way to change floor once inside.  Though most staff is pleasant wait staff is abrupt and in a hurry to slam through meals and clean up.  No water or coffee refills nor did they check if meal was okay.  Concerns not handled by management just ignore and hope we go away. Seems like this is on going considering other recent posts on this site.Great location on Canal Street & Decatur Street, on the edge of the French Quarter & Downtown. The hotel is nice. The rooms are clean, well decorated, and new. 
The hotel is rated 4 stars,and nothing here is free; Parking is $40+tax/fees per night,  internet and anything else you might want or need, the hotel will CHARGE you through the nose! 
The rates are through the roof but if you are lucky enough to find a reasonable rate, just remember, they'll make up for it with all the fees, and extra overcharges.... nickel & dime you to death!
Being a SPG member does nothing for you here... Sheraton, Wyndham, etc. hotels don't care about their clients, just the money! 
-It's a beautiful hotel with comfortable beds but that's all you get!
Bottom line - come prepared to pay cause it'll burn a hole in your wallet!Centrally located in the city if New Orleans, this towering hotel offers more than a place to stay. It has great rooms, amenities, and is within stumbling blocks to the famous French Quarter. Most importantly, it is dog friendly. Although the closest patch of grass is about five blocks away. Nonetheless, walking on the streets of New Orleans is an adventure. There is no self parking but, the valet parking garage is across a lesser traveled side street and the valet attendants will allow one to go get anything forgotten from the car. Nice folks. The service here is top notch. Everyone has a welcoming demeanor and seems genuinely happy that there are guests in the hotel. The concierge is extremely knowledgeable and like any good citizen of the city knows all the unpublished quirks. Like which are some of the more unsavory places to avoid. Good hotel, great service, great location.The hotel is conveniently located to the action of New Orleans and touristy areas. The trolley will easily get you to other great parts of New Orleans. 
Overall the hotel was a great size, the rooms were spacious and clean, modern and comfortable. I was very sad to know there as no free wifi offered. The room key didn't work well, the tv also didn't work too well. I had to play around with both to get them to work. The shower could be updated, the water pressure wasn't so great. I might try somewhere else next time I visit. The price didn't quite seem worth it.Not bad at all, especially for our $115 group rate.
Was in town for the Mardi Gras Marathon at the end of Feb.  
Some pluses:  
* Decent location.  Plus you can see this 50 story building from pretty much anywhere in the French Quarter.   A highly useful navigational feature for your typical New Orleans visitor.
* Super friendly staff, including housekeeping, desk, and bell staff.  I also got the impression that this is a general New Orleans thing, and not just because the Saints finally won.
* Nice bed (was on SPG Preferred Guest Floor), and even nicer view.
Some minuses:
* Hallways and other public areas were a little beat up looking.  Then again, Mardi Gras had ended the week before.
* Somebody said the carpet smelled like dirty feet.  I didn't choose to verify this observation.this is a nice, clean hotel with quite a few pluses, but it's basically convention city.  it's located right on Canal, and is very convenient to the Quarter and other areas, but there's something slightly stale about the place which makes it a 3-star (3.5 stars if i could) hotel.  breakfast buffet was very good, staff is friendly, and the bar downstairs has the biggest tv screen i've seen, ever.  i just think there are other more interesting places to stay that feel a bit more intimate than the Sheraton.  if you want the big convention-type place centrally-located, and you can get a good rate, this place is perfect.  however, if you're looking for something more intimate and not so crowded, avoid this place at all costs.  i would recommend to friends, and would stay again without reservation, but if i had a choice, i'd go elsewhere.This is a wonderful hotel and I would highly recommend it. I was worried at first, since the hotel is located on canal street, but it is safe and the rooms, the staff, and the club room are all amazing. The club room is fantastic! The food selection is large and each night the dinner has been delicious and something I would have otherwise bought at a restaurant. Vladana works in the Club Lounge and while all of the staff in the club lounge were great, Vladana was wonderful and really went above and beyond to make sure we had a great club experience and overall a great experience at the hotel. The rooms are the perfect size and the toiletries they provide are above average. They even provide mouthwash and a loofah. The location of the hotel is great for exploring new orleans as it is right by the French quarter and warehouse district, and it's easy to catch the trolley and the bus. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel.Stayed here for a weekend, it's a good location. Guest services were good, fast, and they initially has us on the 10th floor, I asked for a higher floor and they put us on the 27th floor. The view was amazing. The only issue I had is the 40/ night valet parking.Nice clean modern centrally located in the French quarter of New Orleans. Very short walk to bourbon street and the casinos. Friendly staff and very welcoming bar area. The rooms are very nice and standard Sheriton fashion. We stayed on the 36th floor which gave a wonderful view of the French quarter through a giant floor-to-ceiling window. Room was very clean and modern.
The only issue we had during our stay was the valet parking. They had no Self Park so we opted for the valet parking. It was $40 which seemed expensive but it is a major city. The problem that we had was it took over a half hour to get our car. It was 8 AM and they were not busy. We asked why there were several other customers that arrived after we did getting their cars and we were told that overnight guests have their cars put in a parking lot five blocks away. We were told not to call ahead from our room. If you valet expect at least a half an hour and plan that into your day