YUMMY! I love indian food and I love New Orleans food...so I was in heaven. It's spicy and flavorful. The samosas and the lentil soup was my favorite. I am looking forward to trying the poboys. Wine tasting on Thursdays is a nice touch. I will be back!It's a great place to eat! I was treated with exceptional service and friendly waitstaff. I will definitely recommend Silk Road to all my friends and family, and have already booked the private banquet room for my sisters birthday party. Great wine selection!Had dinner here tonight and glad we listened to reviews on Yelp! I had the crab lemongrass bisque and short ribs. Both were very good. They also sell bottles of wine retail. Very handy if you want to take some extra wine home to your air bnb.Super cute bar with great service. Ordered the Salaam Bombay, and it was made to perfection. Gorgeous drink and, more importantly, very strong.
Our server was amazing as well. She was incredibly pleasant and accommodating and even gave us a shot on the house. While here, some of the other bar patrons stopped by to say hello as well, and to welcome us to New Orleans. Overall great neighborhood bar without the crowd and all the pomp and circumstance of Bourbon Street. Excellent find.This place is amazing! One of the best Indian Creole fusion restaurants you can find in New Orleans!Really good food and service. I had the goat cheese salad and the gyro. Both were delicious (gyro came with Zapps chips tho - the only thing I didn't like). After chatting about whiskey, they came up with a wonderful Indian Summer cocktail for me. She mentioned they're in transition and focusing on stepping up their cocktail offerings in a big way. I liked the décor and music (ethnic/eclectic) - ambiance is a big deal. Prices are reasonable.Food is incredible!  Nice bar and atmosphere.  Service was good for me.  Worth a visit!   Love the exterior, too.  Apparently it's also a hotel (free drink with hotel stay). Free dessert with check in.  OMG!  Mango cheesecake is amazing!Long time customer but 1st review of this place. While I miss the neighborhood feel of this place since they made changes the food is awesome and the service is great. Today I had the beef ribs with rice. So good. Even the sweet tea was perfectly made and not watered down like most places. I was also glad to hear they are building a new bar.love this place. 2nd time in NOLA and I made a point to come here again to introduce to my friends. 
The service is lovely and their drinks are great! I had a freshly made watermelon margarita. Their samosas are a must and so are the crab cake egg rolls. The lentil soup was ok, their chicken and mashed potatoes were perfect, and the jambalaya did its thing. 
you can't go wrong and they lots to choose from. I like that it's a local place away from the noise.Our group of 6 had a great time. On a Saturday night, we were promptly seated. We really liked the option to go to the "wine store" attached to the dining area and pick out our own bottles. The prices were great. Service was great. Everyone ate something different and was very pleased. We were visitors, but a couple of our friends who went with us live right off Frenchmen's and were so happy to find this new (reworked?) place. Not only is it a reasonably priced wine store, but a great restaurant off the beaten path. They said they plan to become regulars.What a great local bar and restaurant! There's also a wine store and tasting room/event space. Stopped by for a cocktail. Happy hour is 2-6 when drinks are $7. Their food is great too. The crab cake and egg rolls were popular. Chickpeas were like Chana masala and yummy. Bartender was great as well.My husband and I love Silk Road. The curry dishes are savory with a taste that makes you want more! 
Delicious and we look forward to going again soon.Went the other day with a large group and had the lamb korma. I enjoyed my dish but the waitress was very confused the whole time and wasn't really sure of what was in each dish. It's a huge pet peeve of mine when wait staff don't know their food. The manager was nice though and very helpful. 
This is not my usual cuisine so I probably wouldn't go back but everyone felt it was good-not great.New favorite spot!
Great vibes with this place. Service was great. Setting and music is great. I will deff. Be returningService is fast if you want crap on a platter. Drinks are good of course it's a bar. Ordered the chicken tikka.  Food has been sitting in the back all day. Not nearly as creamy as the menu says. Try oily. Complete disappointment. Gave a 2 for the strong drinks. Perfect for a dive bar even though they didn't have the alcohol their specialty drink called for.Absolutely fantastic Indochinese fusion with a local touch. The cocktail menu has many fun options (try the Azad)! The spinach salad with fried goat cheese is my favorite starter on the menu. The samosas are my hubby's fave. The veggie vindaloo is our favorite entree to share. The staff is sweet & will bring extra plates if you tell them you're planning to share.Y'all. We need to talk about this food. I think I'm in love. Came in a few nights ago after scoping out the menu and drooling.
Atmosphere was quaint and friendly and our waitress was the nicest peach, offering many suggestions for our wandering appetites. Huge wine selection! The house reds/whites by the glass are all good price range- I got the Malbec and my friend got the Pinot Noir. Both big ol' glasses of yum. 
They had a soup/entree/dessert menu for $25 so he did that and got.. ahem.. The most amazing crab bisque I have tasted in some time. I repeat AMAZING LEMONGRASS CRAB BISQUE.. Ah! The flavors!!! I got the chicken gumbo and it was also totally killer, and I'm also a gumbo freak. So this speaks volumes to have a solid gumbo with a little twist. 
We both got curry for entree- I did the red chicken and he did the green shrimp. Both were just perfect, great portions too. And the sautéed Bok Choy is a nice touch. 
Note: the shrimp come with the tail, so expect a finger-lickin' good time. 
Finally, we got the mango cheesecake for dessert. I was already on the floor full and happy but MAN. That cheesecake. I have never. Oh man. That cheesecake still brings little tears to my eyes.
Final bill? Under sixty bucks, aaaand I had leftovers. DONE AND DONE. Also wanted to note that I'm not sure why it is $$$. Should really only be $$ as none of the entrees were over $20, most was like $12. Curious. Anyway, y'all come find me there, I'll be going at least like three times a week.Delicious food with Cajun flavor. Was worried about finding vegetarian options, so was very glad to stumble over this gem. Staff is super warm and welcoming.Everything at Silk Road is simply delicious! I order a cup of the Lemongrass Crab Bisque every time. It makes me lose my mind in a sea of delicate flavors.
Lovely corner spot in the Marigny almost hidden by hanging gardens. Kind & professional staff. Great wine selection.In a city that has (maybe) 2 options for Indian food, this place is a hidden gem. As others have mentioned, it's more Indian "fusion" than traditional Indian food, but it's delicious nonetheless. 
I've walked by Silk Road probably hundreds of times over the last 5 years, and never been inside. What a mistake that was! This place is super charming, with wonderful service, AND they have a weekend happy hour! As someone who works until 7-8pm at night I feared that my happy hour days were in the past, but not at Silk Road.  In addition to the traditional week day HH, they also have it Saturday from 2-6pm. 
For vegetarians, the samosas are delicious, as is the vegetarian sampler. The chickpeas and curry vegetables were spicy and flavorful, but the rice unfortunately was pretty watery and bland. I would have just preferred plain basmati rice to the mixed vegetable rice they offered, since it didn't really add anything for me.
I can't wait to return and try out their small chaat offerings as well. Thanks for all the vegetarian (and carnivorous) offerings. It's hard to find a place that makes both a vegetarian/vegan and omnivore happy, and Silk Road did just that.This place is great!  Awesome service!  Food was excellent - I had the vegetarian omelet and a to-die-for Bloody Mary. Bypass the slowwww Who Dat Cafe - this is just blocks away and incredible.A great local gem!
We had a large party of 12 (bachelorette) that happened to be the busy weekend of jazz fest. Silk Road happily took our reservation. When we arrived they had the table ready, and the staff was ready to tackle our order as we had a time limit to get to a show in two hours. They were very efficient and quick with all of our demands. Polite courteous and made us laugh. 
The food was fantastic. Such a delicious fusion of Indian and Creole/Cajun. With so many of us we were able to try out many dishes ! We tried the chicken wings (MUST HAVE) the eggplant the crawfish eggrolls and trout patè to start. All beautifully plated. And came out quick as apps as we were def hungry ! Our main meals we equally delicious. The green chili curry had so many favors and the right amount of spicy for me. Every girl are all of their plate! We tried the mango cheesecake (MUST HAVE) and key lime pie for dessert. 
Meanwhile the drinks were flowin! I dream of genie and purple passion were some of our favs!! 
The chef and what I assume was the owner came out to check on us personally and that little touch made us feel taken care of.
All around great experience. Would recommend !!BLUF:  All around great place for a nicer meal in the marigny.
I love the marigny, it has  a lot of "character".  There are a few tables outside on a cute brick wrap-around.  Inside is an open area with a nice bar and ok beer selection and full bar.  If you sit outside for dinner you order at the bar.
I think the bartender was also the owner.  He was unbelievably nice and helpful.  He had great opinions and can steer you to the right foods.
I got a beer and my wife got a sazerac.  They make the sacerac with maraschino cherry and juice so it is a little sweeter than I like.  
We shared our food.  By his recommendation we got the crab bisque and it was amazing.  Definitely a must get.  Very creamy with a spice to it.  
Split the samosas which were also great and had a dipping sauce that added a great sweet contrast to the samosa.
The seasame salmon with indian yogurt was great.  The salmon itself was great but the yogurt made it incredible.  Really interesting (kinda wish there was a little more of the yogurt)
Got the mango cheese cake which was incredibly good.  I like cheesecake more and more and this one was awesome.  Not overly mango so the blend is not overwhelming.  Definitely worth getting.
Atmosphere is great, people watching is great, service is great, food is wonderful.  I'd def go back.Everything was pretty good. I had the Tokyo with the flat rice noodles and enjoyed it.This place is a hidden gem. So let's start with where you from? Im originally from the NO but haven't lived there since the late 80's so every chance I get to go home I do but thats only about once per year. I usually eat a lot of "real New Orleans" food out my families kitchen or the corner type  Cajun Seafood Stores, but this trip was different. This was the food tour trip and Silk Road was a lunchstop for me and my bestie on day 3.
So let's start with the place. It was virtually empty inside but has nice dining area that felt pubish in decor. Heavy dark wood.  my bestie wanted to sit outside where they had a few small patio table on a walkway in front. I was really resistant at first but she swayed me and honestly it was one of the best parts of the experience. They have some plants and Ivy that provided some division from the street which was not very busy and the temperature was great prob mid to upper 70's.
we started with Mango Mimosas. Not a fan of Mimosas in general so that was just average for me. (The waitress was a good saleswoman) Next, we had the Korean Chicken Wings, Crab Cake, and the Simosas. The crab cake is DELISH! 5 stars but it's spicy, if you don't like spicy food dont order the CC. The Simosas, Bestie enjoyed and I tasted one and it was good but it is Vegetarian so personally not as good in my book carnivore here. The chicken wings were well cooked and seasoned but the korean title is slightly deceptive because it was more of a sweet soy glaze and didn't have any of the usual red peppered paste Korean sweet and spicy elements.  bestie and I both ordered the butter chicken and man  it was good too and a reflection of the Creole/Indian Infusion. But the star, the star of the show was the Mango Cheesecake!. I should have gotten one to go! It was indescribably delish! Service was great and we had plenty food to take with us. would def return on my next trip if only for the cheesecake and a drink on the sidewalk.This is my favorite Indian food in town. Everything tastes like your grandmother made it  if your grandmother was an amazing chef.  Red curry and samosas are awesome. We Uber order it and it's always under 45 mins to the lake!Stopped by today and had the red beans and rice, one of the specials today. Yummy. Not super spices , which is better for me, but plenty of hot sauce available. 
Very kind gentleman was serving today. He even brought a bowl of water for my pup.Indian eater for a while, first timer at this place. Wonderful service during the time here. Must try the cocktail. Loved the keema samosas. My wife's souther Indian red curry was delicious, but not as good as my vindaloo. Only wrong thing about this place, is that is too far from home, cause other wise I would be an every weekend costumer.Food was great. Especially curry shrimp dish. Did not like that I had to sit at a small table bring 6'3"bc some waitress said they were holding the pub tables in case there were 4 more sets of 4 people come in to take them all. Definitely poor choice. No one at all came in but I was very uncomfortable. Won't go back.Wow, I'm honestly not sure how this place has 4.5 stars overall.  Had the red curry and vindaloo with chicken and it was barely passable.  Rice was basic, sauces had decent flavor but a bit of a strange/greasy aftertaste.  Chicken was HORRIBLE.  A few pieces were tender while some were tough, and some completely inedible.  Nothing like generic, pre-sliced, frozen chicken you would expect to warm up in a TV dinner and they may have easily been microwaved in the kitchen.  Okay, it's been over a decade since I've had a TV dinner-type meal but as I recall even those were fairly tender if tasteless.
I have absolutely no plans to ever eat here again after my first try.  Grab a drink here, but by all means don't get anything with chicken.Great food good service. Short and simple this is a nice addition to the neighborhood.The food was excellent. I had the drum lobster and samosas. Everything was flavorful and delicious. I'm definitely happy to have stumbled on this gem! :)I liked the ambience. Good selection of spirits.  Good choices are a mix of Thai, Mexican and Indian. Tasty. Chicken was a little hard. I would recommend this place.Amazing flavors and beautiful atmosphere! I am super picky with my Indian food and I think Silk Road had such an interesting fusion take on it. I truly enjoyed the entire meal, and the service was personable and friendly without being overbearing. 
I love the Marigny and having this pretty little restaurant at such a great location is ideal. Perfect for date nights or big group dinners. Will be back soon!Highly recommended! After a week of sampling traditional Louisiana cooking, we found this corner café in to be a great change of pace. The chef is turning out some very fine and flavorful Indo-Asian dishes--be sure to try the stand-out samosas. The evening feature during our visit was a delicious gingery sliced pork tenderloin, served on rice, but the menu changes frequently. There's a good selection of wines on offer--the place doubles as a bar, plus beer and wine shop. They serve all day (breakfast & lunch as well as dinner), and the location in the heart of the Marigny is a great spot for entertaining street-life observation.Ok I admit, I haven't been there (yet). I've known the chef for ages so I get occasional homemade dishes but since he's the chef there's no difference and man it is so good it gives you a high. 
The mango cheesecake is to die (or kiss up) for. The duck is out of this world. You can taste how fresh the samosas are. If the man makes you a burger, you feel like you're at a high end place. You can't go wrong. 
Fascinating fact about the gastronomist extraordinaire chef and his wide range:  he began his career as a doctor of microbiology. He knows his stuff to a depth few do. He once made a cookie cake for my daughter's birthday and it was gone in under 5 minutes. 
Trust me, you can't go to Silk Road and be disappointed. The food is some of the absolute best I've ever had, and I'm not just a huge foodie, I eat out a lot (now I'm really craving duck, too).Let me preface this review by stating, the place closes at 10 and I went in at just before 930.  That being said, the man at the bar who took care of my to go order was very nice.  He made nice general conversation with me while my food cooked and was prepared to make suggestions when I seemed hesitant.  
The food could use some work.  I ordered the crawfish egg rolls and a cup of gumbo.  The gumbo is only available in the bowl size when getting to go which the nice man informed me of prior to giving my order to the kitchen.  I ordered it anyway and with a Yelp check in I received a free dessert.  The guy didn't know about the promotion but honored it anyway.  With Silk Road being a kind of fusion of Eastern and Cajun flavors I expected some spice and a bit of a kick but the two dishes fell flat.  The rolls were presented nicely on a bed of mixed greens with a cup of dipping sauce which was pretty tasty.  They were just really bland, as if no seasoning had been added.  The same goes for the gumbo.  It was served steaming hot but again super bland.  The dessert I got was a mango white chocolate cheesecake.  I was hesitant about that combo of flavors but it turned out to be really good!  The dessert ended up being the best part of the meal!The poor rating is primarily because of the service. If the food weren't so amazing it would be less than 1
We arrived for lunch early. Chef G came out an apologized because they were having some issues in the kitchen but that the bar would be open soon. When we were allowed to come in Chef G offered us some drinks and made us some amazing fresh mango mimosas. To this point, we are thinking that we hit the jackpot. Then the bartender / waitress / server, Snow arrived.
3 other groups arrived after us and received their food before our order was even taken. She was frazzled and raised her voice, sorry yelled, that we could not order drinks at the bar. A younger me would have walked out but I have "matured but I decided that water would be the best choice going forward.
Once she finally ordered our food and it arrived it was amazing! We all commented how it was fresh, the sauces were different, etc., we were happy. Still we were torn on whether or not we would return.
We get ready to check out and ask to split the bill, Snow said "I can't split it, but I will bring it to you and if you calculate what everyone owes and write it down, I will do it." By this time there is only one other group in the restaurant, so it can't be that she is overworked. We calculated what each of us owed, side note the tip was already calculated otherwise she might not have received anything. We wrote down last four numbers of each card along with what was to be charged and gave everything to Snow.
About 15 minutes later, Snow returns to tell me that my PayPal Debit card was declined 3 times. Notice debit card and I knew that there was plenty in the account. I called PayPal and they said that it was because after allowing 2 separate charges to go through the because suspicious after the 3rd charge was attempted and so they declined the others! Chef G came out and corrected all of the issues and gave us two bottles of wine. 
The experience was extremely disappointing especially because the food was so amazing. We still aren't sure if we will go back but not likely.In NJ, there was pretty much an Indian restaurant in every strip mall when I lived there. And, trust me... I learned to crush buffet lunches in them. So, I was disappointed to learn about the lack of them in New Orleans when I moved here.
But, I just discovered I live within walking distance of Silk Road on Royal and I am dancing like a happy man in a Bollywood film right now.....
Silk Road nails it on all 3 top criteria....Ambience, service and food. Top of the class across the board. I'm sorry I didn't get the name of our bearded bartender/server but kudos to him. The interior is comfy, cool and quirky. 
And, the food? Simply stellar. From presentation to taste it was awesome. Did samosas, spring rolls, crabcake, lamb Korma, shrimp vindaloo, mango cheesecake and cloudless chocolate cake. Not a disappointment in any thing. Great drinks, as well.
Thanks, Silk Road. You will now be my go-to when I have a craving for Indian.Good food, India taste and good quality.
The bar was almost empty on a Wednesday night but the music was good. Cocktails were a good experience.Should have been a great meal, but ended on a sour note. Our waitress was quirky and cute as a button. We reviewed the menu which was several stained pages of 8 by 11 paper. The food came out in a timely manner. Everything was beautifully presented and generously portioned. We ordered the crab and lemongrass bisque and spinach and goat cheese salad to start. Both were well seasoned and delicious. We both ordered the salmon. It was perfectly cooked and at $16 an outstanding value for the presentation and portion. My boyfriend ordered the 3 course meal (at $25 a steal!) so we got a slice of the mango cheesecake to share. The portion is a little sliver, but it is so rich and delicious so it's all you need. Overall the meal was lovely and we commented how much we enjoyed everything. Unfortunately towards the end of the meal the two servers started hovering. First our server took our full waters away. We commented that we world be out shortly we just wanted to finish the last glasses from our bottle of wine. Then they sat at the bar and stared at us. Finally one of the girls told us that they close at 10pm. So we got up and left. Is this the first time I've been shooed out of a restaurant? No. But it is the first time the owner, who was sitting at a table 10 feet away enjoying a meal with friends, asked if enjoyed everything. We responded that we did. Complaining at that moment would have ruined the meal even more. She asked us to review the restaurant on Yelp. So here you go. A good meal, great value, poor ending.Excellent Indian / Asian style food at reasonable prices. Very cool surroundings.Sorry but this place was pretty sad. We went in with 6 people, the waitress saw us come in and immediately ignored us. We ended up having to assemble our own table for 6. There were only 3 other people in the whole place at 7:45 on a Wednesday night (that should have been our warning sign to leave). Everyone agreed that their dish was blah. The only thing I did enjoy were the wings. Waitress was very rude and more interested in hanging out with her friend at the bar. Wish this place lived up to the hype.Always wanted to try this place and since it's coolinary month, decided to try it out.
Appetizer - Chicken Kabob - Delicious and flavorful
Entree - Prawn dish - delicious and flavorful as well (be prepared to get your hands dirty peeling the shrimp)
Dessert - Mango cheesecake - light, fluffy, and you can taste the mango!
I'll definitely be back again to try more things!Silk Road is so tasty. You won't be sorry you stopped by! Just go, enjoy and thank me later.I was a little surprised that this is a new restaurant that's replacing Schiro's having been there only a month ago but I have to say their Saag Paneer was excellent and well presented as a full course meal with sides all of which were well made.
 The service was a little awkward but I think this can easily be chalked up to newly opened jitters and the fact that they clearly had a 10+ person table of... Boisterous individuals.
 All in all definitely worth checking out and I look forward to seeing them come into their own.Salty AND bland. Perfect for Midwestern tourists; no wonder it's so highly rated. Also the waitress seemed to have no idea where anything was or how to submit drink orders, yet claimed she wasn't new. She wasn't fighting pot giggles so maybe alcohol induced brain damage/epic hangover?Good food, good wine selection. Sad service. I really don't think the server was bad. She was very very busy! Like in the weeds and never getting out busy. Like forget you order and run away before you can ask for something busy.... But it's NOT her fault. The bartender or whatever she is...  is slow And complacent. the server was making drinks, the other waitress/busser/runner was MIA. Basically I blame the manager, who must have a staffing issue and needs to have 3 servers at least. We saw 1 server for an entire restaurant with over 15 tables and a back room?  with I don't know how many tables.... . So if you can look past all that, you will very much enjoy your meal and the ambiance. If bad service gives you anxiety, then ....... my point is, I hope the manager can staff the restaurant and keep guests happy and coming back... ps the flourless cake is great!Always love a trip to Silk Road. We had the crawfish egg rolls and samosas to start. I had the short rib entree. It was all beyond delicious. Our wine recommendation from our fabulous server was also fantastic. I love the homey atmosphere and the food is consistently great. I recommend it to anyone looking for a memorable dining experience.Nice place with a real neighborhood feel.  I had the chicken vindaloo which was good but unfortunately not great.  It was also missing the level of spice I expect wigh a vindaloo.  They do have naan but its not on the menu so you have to ask for it.  Wine by the glass selection is small but okay, however they were out of several the night we went.  If in the area I would go again but not make a special trip.Highly impressed with this place.  Excellent food and great atmosphere.  Came for a coolinary, but will certainly be backAs a visitor to the city, I was interested in the advertised fusion of creole/cajun and Indian cuisine but Silk Road disappointed.  The menu is basically a short list of creole/cajun dishes and another list of Indian food with one Thai curry.  That is not bad but it is a misrepresentation of fusion.  That said, the food averages out at 3 stars and the ambience/service brings it down another to 2.  The crab bisque was a strong superb opener brought down by the entrees.  The lamb korma was oddly not a korma but closer to a regular curry or a bhuna.  Its brown coloring and thinness were an obvious tip off that there was no yogurt in its making.  The Thai curry shrimp was quite tasty, although would have benefited immensely from some vegetables;  it was just shrimp.  Our side dish of "roast vegetables" was actually sauteed.  Upon entry, the air conditioning was not working in the main room and the woman singing and playing guitar was too loud for the small room with AC where we ate.  Wait staff, although friendly, could not speak intelligently about Indian food, such as when i asked why the menu describes the saag panner as a "tomato" based curry.  Sorry, Silk Road.We ate here Tuesday because we just got off the plane and there nothing else within walking distance. It was pri fix at $30 per person but we had no choice if we wanted to eat. It was good but not worth the price. We went again tonight because it was raining and it was close. Starters came in a reasonable time but we waited 45 minutes for the main course. The food was ok and they apologized for the wait but offered nothing for our inconvenience. It's not like they were busy and couple who came in after us finished and left before our entrees were served!I recently had a wonderful lunch here with friends.  We were able to sample much of the menu and everything was delicious.  Lamb Korma,  salmon, drum, chicken with red curry.  All fantastic.  The lemongrass crab bisque was to die for and I loved the samosas.  In addition to fantastic food, the ambiance is great.  Very old New Orleans.  Loved the way they display wines with the racks in the open to allow customers to browse instead of choosing from a menu.  Oh, and, back to the food...dessert?  We shared mango white chocolate cheesecake (yum) and flour less chocolate cake.  The chocolate cake was like eating a truffle.  It just melts in your mouth.  Now for the service.  They were a bit short handed the day we were there, but we didn't care.   They were still attentive and I never felt like we were forgotten.   And what they lacked in quantity of staff, they made up for in hospitality.  I haven't stopped thinking about my dining experience.   I will go back.The ambience of this restaurant is good and the place is cute. Service is good. If you would like to visit this place for any of these reasons then you are in the right place. If you are craving for authentic Indian food you may be disappointed. This is a good place but unfortunately not for desis.Affordable prices for gourmet food. The restaurant has managed to maintain its funk but upgraded the food! Tried the green curry shrimp and the duck-- incredible. This is a new restaurant to look out for! Excited to see it post renovation this fall.Small portions and expensive. The food is good but you won't be full unless you spend alot.Good was horrible here. We tried Samosa (missing salt), Green Thai Curry (shrimp) which my wife hated it. No thai taste at all. I tried Butter Chicken which was in brown gravy(no taste & salty), came with warmed Frozen Naan ( not freshly made). 
Being lover of Indian food, it was huge disappointment.This place is desperately in need of Bar Rescue. We came in when it was busy, and sat at the bar. We expected a wait, but not over 1 hour for mediocre food!
The saag paneer was tasty, but very spicy. My spouse's gyro po boy was "a gyro". The bartender/waiter kept giving people the wrong drinks and screwing up bills. 
The kitchen... Where to start?  I think their main issue is that they seem to make each dish by scratch. That could make the food better, but there's no efficiency of scale. 
Tl;dr:  disorganized bar and kitchen, not worth wading through that unless you don't care about time.Great food, friendly neighborhood, and very kind owners. I ordered the Lamb Korma and cheesecake. Very delicious.Wow!  Been looking for great Indian food in NOLA and have now found it!  The chicken vindaloo was perfect , spicy but not so hot that you missed any of the complexity of all the flavors!  And the bitter chicken was also fantastic! The naan bread as a side was exceptional (would be nice if you could order it as an app or larger side). The wine and drinks were an excellent compliment to our mealsYum! I really enjoyed my dinner at Silk Road. We had a table reserved for our party of six and our waiter was extremely personable and attentive! I wasn't sure what to expect with an "Asian Fusion/Cajun" description, but the menu was so diverse leaving plenty of options! After starting with delicious samosas (with a fantastic dipping sauce), I got my short ribs with wilted bok choy and basmati rice. I am not kidding when I say I cleaned my plate. The short ribs were falling apart, they were so tender and I loved the addition of the bok choy. For dessert, we tried all three options (for the price of two... check in for a free dessert!!). I am still thinking about the mango cheesecake the next day. Absolutely incredible!! Next time I'm in New Orleans, I will definitely be back here.Everything was wonderful! The food was amazing! The staff's service matched their smiles. Did I say the food was amazing?
We will be back!SO disappointed with this place. The food is inconsistent. I offered the veggie platter because I saw someone else had it and their portion was big. When mine was brought it was half the size and MAYBE enough for an appetizer. The server didn't bother portioning out the food and just stabbed a bit on the plate. The food was not great. The only thing that had some flavor were the lentils. There was barely any chickpeas on my plate. Also got ashrimp dish and the shrimp was mushy. The drinks here are also TERRIBLE. Such a waste.So disappointed with this place. The food is inconsistent. I offered the veggie platter because I saw someone else had it and their portion was big. When mine was brought it was half the size and MAYBE enough for an appetizer. The server didn't bother portioning out the food and just stabbed a bit on the plate. The food was not great. The only thing that had some flavor were the lentils. There was barely any chickpeas on my plate. Also got ashrimp dish and the shrimp was mushy. The drinks here are also TERRIBLE. Such a waste.What a find ! Now y'all know about it. And you should. Wonderful little spot with a very friendly waiter and personable owner who one hopes really makes a go of it here. Comfortable neighborhood eatery and superb Indian-Asian-New Orleanian blend. The curry dishes are delicious and the egg rolls just right. Only our first visit but we will be returning very soon. Can't go wrong w/ the wine prices too. In fact, they should probably raise them just a bit. Did I really say that ?  Patronize Silk Road soon. You will not regret it.I was walking on the Frenchmen and came across this place. High rating and quality photos convinced me to give it a try. And I was disappointed. If you are craving for real Indian food, don't come here since the food is no where close to that. We got the eggplant dish as an appetizer and it was too sweet. We had saag paneer in main course and it was cheese cubes with sauted spinach, too bland. Overall I would not recommend this place for Indian food.Came here for a team dinner and went family style. In general, the food was decent Indian fusion - emphasis on fusion, don't come here looking for authentic Indian food. The sesame crusted salmon and butter chicken were a bit dry. Winners were definitely the saag paneer and shrimp vindaloo. Definitely eat the naan while it's hot! Flourless chocolate cake was super chocolatey, key lime pie was nicely tart, and mango cheesecake took the gold when it came to dessert.We went to Silk Road this past Friday night on a visit to the French Quarter. We decided on our dishes before we arrived and ordered the Sesame Crusted Salmon and Creole Spiced Hanger Steak as soon as we sat down. We also ordered the free Yelp offer dessert, Flourless Chocolate Cake, which I highly advise you take advantage of.
The food was great when it arrived about 25 minutes later. Other than take initial order and bring out our dinner plates the tag team of 2 blonde female "servers" (I am blonde and only identifying these servers to give you the opportunity to run if they are the regular servers) and did nothing else without having to be hunted down. I wish I could just review the food, which was excellent, but there is no excuse for the abysmally bad service during a light 6pm dinner time when the restaurant was about 1/2 full.
I had to wave for many minutes across the uncrowded restaurant to a server's attention to have my water glass refilled once. As a former waiter it is always customary to come by your customers' table at least once after bringing out dinner plates but both servers were clueless to this custom. 
When we finished our dinners we put our dinner plates on the outside of our table with our forks and knives crossed and our napkins on top of our plates -- the universal signal that a customer is finished with their meal. Both of our servers had no "table awareness" and passed directly by our table at least 4 times without looking at us or our finished plates for 25 minutes. Finally I boisterously flagged down one of the servers and asked if she would take our plates and please serve us the chocolate cake we ordered an hour earlier.
Fifteen minutes later our cake was brought out and it was delicious. About 10 minutes after we finished our cake I again had to flag down a clueless server to take our plates and bring us our check. When the check finally arrived the cake was on the check for full price. Unbelievable!
By then we had been at the restaurant nearly 2 hours solely due to the horrible service. I finally got up and stood between the kitchen and one of the servers who was finishing taking orders. When she finally came my way I explained that our free Yelp dessert offer had been billed to us. She told me, "I'm losing my mind." Now she knew how we felt!
The final check demanded a 15%, 20% or 25% pre-calculated tip or "custom tip." I wrote in a custom 10% tip which was generous after receiving the worst service I can ever recall. I pity Silk Road customers who arrive when the restaurant is full. Avoid this tag team of terrible service if you can. If you can't avoid them make sure to get the free Yelp dessert which almost makes up for your frustration and wasted time.Read all the reviews and was excited to try it whilst here in Nola. Did not disappoint at all. I had the crab lemongrass bisque - bloody good. Hubby had the samosas and they were also really good. For dinner I had the short ribs and he had the shrimp vindaloo. Both were delicious and full of interesting flavors but I have to give the edge to the ribs
We split the mango cheesecake which I only regret because I shared - it is wonderful - rich and creamy with just the right amount of tangy mango goodness!
Highly recommendThe food was excellent! We tried Indian and Thai! Both were good and the cold chai latte, was yummy!!!!
We also enjoyed the live Irish music!What a surprise!  Strange mix of foods... Indian,  Mediterranean,  creole,  cajun...  BUT delicious!  Have had the lentil soup,  the gumbo,  the goat cheese salads and drinks.  Definitely recommend though.This was was really good, comfortable setting , staff was engaged just enough. Well Aware of the menu. I would recommend this be one of the better 5 late night great food & hangout spots in New Orleans:)This place is great! Wonderful atmosphere. The veggie samosas are some of the best I have ever had. I also got the chicken vindaloo - perfectly spiced. Also had desert, homemade I might add - the key lime pie and the mango cheesecake. Both were delicious so go with a friend/spouse to try them both! Service was wonderful and as another reviewer stated, "personable without being overbearing". I will definitely be back!Went to Silk Road last night for the first time. Been wanting a good place for Indian food since we have NONE in the city of New Orleans. It was fabulous!  We were a party of three. Starters:  Chicken wings and Samosas. Entrees:  Butter Chicken, Chicken Vindaloo, Blackened Redfish topped with Crabmeat, two sides of Curried Vegetables and an order of Naan. Dessert:  Mango Cheesecake. Everything was delicious. We loved each of the entrees and the basmati rice served with each was perfectly cooked. The server was super friendly and appropriately attentive (not to little/not too much). Atmosphere was cozy, friendly and welcoming. Overall AWESOME experience. We stayed pass closing time and they were very nice about that. They did what they had to do around us (bill was already paid) and kept our water glasses filled. All in all; I can't wait to go back.This restaurant has a great atmosphere. Small dining area where the walls are lined with bottles of wine and colored light strands offset the subdued dining room lighting. The staff was very friendly and attentive. I had the special which was a baby back pork rib dish that came with mashed potatoes and a side of my choice (I had the roast vegetables). The food was delicious although the mash potatoes were cold. We also had a wonderful Malbec that was reasonably priced ($22) and several desserts the best of which were a mango cheesecake and key lime pie.My wife and I had a late lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  There was no crowd up front and the service was personal.
My wife had the spinach salad with fried goat cheese.  It was wonderful.  I had the samosa.  I really enjoyed it too.
For an entree, my wife had the pork chop.  She loved it all.  I had the wok shrimp with noodles.  It was great as well.  It was a little spicy, but I love that.
For dessert, I had the fabulous cheesecake.  
The food was great and it was a great value.  We will go again.Really enjoyed our meal here. We had samosas, red curry, lamb korma, and chick peas. Everything was delicious and a little unique. Service was fast and friendly. I really wish I didn't live hundreds of miles away.If you call frozen indian dinner packs microwaved and served as fusion then I guess this a fusion place.
the head chef was not there so they didnt have many items on the menu. The items that they were serving were really oily and did not taste good.
We should have left when we saw that there was absolutely no one in the restaurant at 8:00 pm.
Never going there againSilk road is a good restaurant with a bit of an identity crisis.  Formerly known as "Schiros", this place has been attempting to transform itself into a fancy establishment over the course of the last year or two (possibly longer but that is before my time).  It used to be a divey place to get a delicious burger/poboy or some paneer bits.  Then they put up this faux wall and took down the flypaper.  Next thing you know they are bringing you a cheese menu and suddly you felt shameful for arriving in a toyota. In the latest iteration, they started giving you white napkins and removed french fries from the menu in favor of chips.
In summary: every time you go to this place it seems like it is a slightly different restaurant.  It's actually quite thrilling and all the mystery means that eating lunch makes you feel like James Bond.  Fortunately, the food is always tasty and the service is still friendly so despite the lack of fried I'll probably still come back.